EPITOME OF NEWS. We compile the following from the various jour nals to hand:— The Melbourne e Argue' says :—It is feared tbat Mr. Cobb, surgeon, of Foots craj, through indulging in a little boxing, is likely to lose the sight of one of his •yes. On Thursday last he was amusing his little hoy by instructing liim in the art of boxing, when the boy struck him a blow which broke his father's spectacles, and a piece of the glass cut the eyeball. The pupil of the eye having been injured, it is considered almost certain the eye will be lost. The lad is only eight years of age. The ' Southern Argus' reports that on Sunday afternoon Beveral of the tribe of larrikins who infest Goulburn, hading no doubt no fun in the streets, strolled down to the reserve paddock near the railway line, and commencing torturing a draught horse lately purchased by Mr. J. Jessop, fruiterer, of Sloaue-street. The unfortu nate dumb animal was surrounded by these young blackguards, and attempts were made to make the horse jump a deep and wide creek at the railway crossing place near Captain Zouch's. The animal broke away from his tormentors two or three times, and was followed and brought back to the creek, and being at last com pletely hemmed in, there was no get away, and the horse to avoid any further ill-treatment made the leap. It was too wide, however, and the poor beast fell into the creek and broke his leg. Mr. Bl&ckshaw;, seeing from his garden what had taken place, gave information to Mr. Jessop, and means were at once taken to get the horse up, but without avail, as he could not attend, and the owner had therefore to shoot him. Mr. Jessop had seriously injured himself in his exertions to lift the horse. The Blayney correspondent of the ' Ba thurst Free Press' reports that on Mon day night, the 4th instant, a box contain ing money, valuable papers, watch and chain, and other articles, was stolen from the Railway Hotel. It appears that be tween dark and 11 o'clock some person or persons entered the bedroom, which is situated at the rear of the bar, and carried off the box, which is of considerable size, without being seen by anyone, took it out at the back through the yard, and with the help of a stone and paling broke it open and abstracted from it about £27, but left behind some £12 in cheques and notes, also a watch and chain. What seems so strange is that this could be done while several persons were in an ad joining room, where a party was playing the piano, and the bar door open to the street; and yet no one saw auything of the occurrence or knew anything of the loss until about 12 p.m., when it was missed by Mrs. Baker, who keeps the house. A contemp. says:—An inquest vras held at Geelong on Wednesday on the cause of the death of a child, who had been kicked by a horse, and treated by a chemist, Mr. Lane, but had previously been attended by Dr. Barker. The ser vices of the latter had been dispensed with, and after a time he was sent for again, but declined to*ittend. Til© Jury, in giving their verdict, exonerated Lane and added a rider censuring Dr. Barker for not attending when sent for the se cond time. The Coroner refused to accept the rider, and the Jury insisted upon maintaining the verdict as already given. A long discussion took place between the Coroner and the Jurymen, which resulted in Dr. Shaw drafting a verdict leaving the rider out. This was signed by the Jury men under protest, and they also signed another paper eontaining the full verdict, both documents being left iu the posses sion of the Coroner. The ' Riverine Herald' reports that on Wednesday morning last a man named John Evans was brought into Echuca, suffering from severe injuries, the result of an accident h* met with on th« pre vious day, at Torrumbarry. He was em ployed sinking a well with a man named Edward Taylor, on W. S. Gardiner's pro perty. The well struck water at eighty feet, and at this depth Evans was putting in slabs. Whilo a slab some four inches thick was being lowered, it fell from the rope when near the top, and fell to the bottom upon the unfortunate man Evans. His right thigh was fractured in a fright ful manner above the knee, and his right arm was injured. A deep sensation was lately caused in England by the terrible aud murderous attack by a maniac travelling by railway, on a passenger who was unlucky enough to be shut up in the same carriage with him. Something of the same kind (ob serves the ' Australasian') took place in a train on the Victorian Government rail ways the other day. A farmer named Matthew Birnie was riding to Melbourne by the North-Eastern line, when a man named William Adair got into the car riage at Kilmore. It was soon seen that Adair was suffering from delirium tremens from drink, and he almost immediately made a mad and unprovoked attack on Birnie, twisting his thumb so that he wrenched it from the socket and caused, the bone to protrude through the flesh. It is evident that a man in this state of mind is to all practical considerations a lunatic, and to put him in a railway car riage is just the same as allowing a mad man to travel without any attendant or keeper. But, even if the case were a very much milder one, it can hardly require showing that it is a shameful wrong to put a drunken man into a train, unless he is put in some compartment by himself. Passengers should he protected from in sult and annoyance, as well as from in sane violence, and it is to be hoped that this serious incident will show the railway authorities the need of a regulation to meet all this class of cases before the ne cessity has been illustrated in an even still more painful manner. The i M. R. Times' says:—On June 2, as the ketch White Cloud was opposite to Oxley Island, one of the crew named Isaac Bermiss told the oook that he had a violent inward pain. He then gave a few plunges in his bed, whereupon the cook got up and reported the matter to the muter. Deceased was gasping for breath, and died soon afterwards. The death was at once reported to the District Co roner, who held an inquest on the body the same day. The verdict was, " Died from natural causes." The deceased was a Londoner, aged 34. Sanatorium writes to the ' Herald':— Last Wednesday afternoon something quite of a novel character might have . been witnessed at the Sydney Mortuary. At the time fixed for the despatch of the funeral train for Rookwood, an omnibus marked " Woolloomooloo," and uumbered " 32," was driven up, and from it emerged several mourners ; a coffin was next taken out of the 'bus, conveyed to the platform, and placed in the usual van. Much sur prise was evinced at this strange proceed ing, and I venture to ask if omnibuses are allowed to be used as hearses 1 And, as not long since these vehicles were prohi bited horn carrying baskets containing soiled linen, I should think it equally ne cessary, as a safeguard to public health, that their licenses te "carry passengers" should not apply to both the " quick and the dead." The following account of the exposure of the rope trick of the Davenport Bro thers, at a performance given in Auck land, is given by the correspondent of the ' Otago Daily Times':—Au exciting scene occurred on May 29 in the theatre, when the Davenports were effectually tied up by the Mayor and Mr. Hesketh, solicitor. The knot had been suggested to the Mayor by Mr. Tunny, provincial analyst, who had seen it tried before. After the tying had proceeded so far that the Davenports' hands were firmly secured behind their backs (continued remonstrances proceed ing from the brothers during the process), a very excited colloquy was observed to be going on between the Mayor and Ira Davenport, in which the latter was heard accosting the Mayor in violent terms, as serting that dhe ropes were tied so tightly as to injure him. Mr. Hurst stated to the audience that his subject complained of being brutally tied. He was satisfied that such was not the case, and if a me dical man was present he would leave the matter to his judgment. (Loud uproar, and cries of " Dr. Hooper.") Dr. Hooper went on the stage amid much cheering. He carefully examined the ropes, and de clared that the tying was not excessive. He then put his finger between the ropes and the flesh. There was no stoppage of the oirculation. Ira Davenport, in a loud voice, to the Mayor—"I say, untie it; I am the best judge whether the tying is brutal or not, Dr. Hooper." (Groans, howls, and cat-calls.) William Daven port, who looked very ill, also said the tying was painful, and stopped the circu lation. A scene of great confusion here ensued, Ira Davenport doggedly demand ing that he should be untied, and his worship declining to unloosen the knots. The audience were in an uproar, shouting that the Davenports should confess them selves beaten, and apologise. Both bro thers positively refused to go on, and per sisted in the demand for liberation. William was at lengLh let Ioobb, and slackened the ropes on his brother. There was no reason whatever to believe that the tying had been unduly severe, and the spectators, satisfied of this, marked their disapprobation in continued groan ing. After this had continued some time, Mr. Swanson, M.H.R., and Oaptain Brand went on the stage and began to tie the brothers with the same knot, when again they positively refused to submit. The brothers retired from the stage most ungraciously, amid tremendous howls. The excitement was only quelled by the good management of Messrs. Fay and Davies. Professor Fay offered to take the place of either of the brothers and allow Mr. Hurst and Mr. Hesketh to tie him, but the audience were so incensed against the Davenports that they would not allow it. The box office was threat ened with demolition, but the affair ended orderly, and with few exceptions the peo ple returned to witness Fay's seance and Davies's performance, which passed over very successfully, and both received a vote of thanks and loud applause. The breaking up of the company in consequence of the event is announced by Fay, Davies and Fay separating from the Davenports and travelling together. William Daven port publishes a medical certificate, stat ing that he is not in a fit condition to con tinue the performance. It says he has been suffering from rupture of a blood vessel in the lungs for two months. The Plattsburg cor. of the ' Newcastle Herald' writes :—A youth named George Pirking, in the employ of Mr. H. W. Reay, medical botanist, was severely burned en Friday evening last by some boiling alcohol. He had been engaged in heating the spirit at a stove, and when on fire he proceeded to take it outside, when he ran against a post, and the contents of the vessel were scattered over him. His face, hands, and neck suffered rather se verely, hut beyond a severe skin scalding no worse injuries resulted. Fortunately there were several persons standing out side, and when they saw him in flames they at once rushed to his assistance, and managed to extinguish the flames. He still lies in bed, but it is thought that in a little time he will get over it. The following advt. appeared lately in the ' S. M. Herald':—" 138 ef us cooks, laundresses, general servants, and house maids want situations ; our wages must be high, and not much work to do. The missus must get the tea in by the chest, and sugar by the bag, and other things in large quantities ; and if they are locked up from us we will leave, as it will be a slight on our honour. Neither must the clothes be counted before or after the wash, or else how are we to live and save money ? We never take our boxes any where, in case the other rude servants may steal from us the little daily perqui sites we get; we only carry bundles, as some relations are sure to live near where we are employed. The lady of the house must always be shewing us, in fact do ing our work, for us, or else w# won't stop. Our excuse to leave is—the wash ing is too heavy, the laundry too wet, too many stairs, or too much company, or else it's dull out of town ; or else we heard the master say how fast his beer, &c.;, is going, or where are all his hand kerchiefs ? or how is it each draper's bill has so much underclothing in it ? Ladies requiring us please address Impostor's terrace, Slavey-street, not far from Dar linghurat Gaol." The ' Macleay Herald' says A poor man named Bresn, labouring under the hallucination that he is John the Baptist, escaped the vigilance and control of his friends some days since, during which he wandered in the bush, it is to be pre sumed in search of locusts and honey. Whether, being disappointed in his search, he was led by the cravings of hunger to the haunts ef men, we know not, but at all events he found his way to Mr. Fre derick Cheers, at Frederickton, who re galed him plentifully with beefsteak and onions, which the poor man ate vora ciously and thoroughly enjoyed. TTiw lingering enjoyment was but the pre cursor of the police, who were quietly put upon him, and he is now happily in safe custody. The ' Herald' saysA private letter received from Gippsland states that at Matlock the snow is eighteen inches in depth, and showing no signs of thaw. The ranges for miles around are com pletely covered with snow. ! The ' Herald's' Booligal cor. writes A short time back a flock of sheep, 29,000 in number, started from a station on the Murrumfeidgee, when they arrived in Boo ligal no less than 20,000 had dropped on the road. I hear that they passed through Hillston, fifty miles from here, with only 5000\. As they had thence a long dis tance to travel home, I fear the number delivered will scarcely pay for droving. The sheep cost 4s. fid., and the dead ones were sold at an average of ninepence each. Persons who envy and croak at squatters, will thus see that squatters do not always "lie on a bed of roses." The ' Otago Times' says :—On the pas sage of the Union Company's steamer Taranaki across Cook's Straits on the 25th May a huge tidal or blind wave struck her fair abeam, poured in volumes over bridge and decks, filled the main deck rail high, lifted the after starboard bridge boat out of the chocks, and dashed it upon the engine-room skylight, and passing over swept both the port bridge boats away, wrenched one of the iron davits out of the brackets, and carried away all the bridge rail on the port side. The main body of the sea swept over the poop, carcyiug with it the after skylight, the brass head of the capstan, the wheel and everything appertaining to it, ex cepting the bare iron steering gear, ail the taffrail and starboard quarter rail, with the netting of course, and as the quarter rail went it wrenched away a sec tion of the covering board. The force of the sea also burst in four dead lights of the saloon cabins, splintering the thick glass, and in the case of one of them drove the fragments right across the cabin into the wooden jalousy partition, fractur ing the woodwork. When the after sky light went, tons of water poured into the saloon, flooding it over two feet deep on the leeside. For a minute or so after the sea struck her the Taranaki lay like a log in the water, and no wonder, weighted as she was with a flooded main deck ; but, as good fortune ordered, the poop gang ways gave way, and through the openings thus formed the water discharged itself, and the steamer was once more free and buoyant. That life was not lost when the sea struck her was as remark able as it was fortunate. Also :—H.M.S. Sappho arrived at Auckland on May 26. She was caught in a violent squall a few days before, which blew away all her sails, and hove her on lier beam ends. Sbe lay in a very dangerouB position for a few minutes, but afterwards righted. The Sappho, after leaving Samoa, went through Hapu and Tonga groups, searching for the schooner May Queen, supposed to have disappeared when the earthquake wave was felt at Tonga, but without success. The Sappho took the new British Consul for Samoa, Mr. Liardet, round the Samoan Group. The schooner Canter bury, which set out on an expedition sup posed to be connected with Suwarrow, left Samoa for the Savage Islands on the Cth instant. She was very much knocked about by the hurricane, and the cargo had to be sold to raise money to refit her. Her intention of going to the Savage Is lands was reported to be to get a cargo of pigs. The earthquake wave was experi enced very strongly at Vavao and Tonga. There were ten or twelve rises and falls at Vavao on the 11th May, the greatest rise being about ten feet. The reef was left quite exposed at times, and as the water receded it left millions of fish be hind it on the rocks. The effect was very extraordinary. The natives do not recollect anything like it, and they in a rage accused the Sappho of bringing the wave. At Tonga, the wave lifted the stranded ketch Pearl right off the reef and left her in deep water, saving a lot of trouble and expense. The Sappho re ports that Maki, Governor of Vavao, met with his death in an extraordinary man ner early in May. He was amnsing him self by killing fish with dynamite, and hap pening to keep hold of a charge too long after lighting the fuse it exploded, blow ing his hand and part of his arm away. A day or two afterwards lockjaw set in, and he died. H. M. ships Wolverine, Nymph, and Sappho rendezvous at Auck land shortly for a court-martial. N.Z. items, from the * Herald':—A verdict of manslaughter has been returned against Mrs. Reid, of Dunedin, for grossly ill-treating a girl in her service. She has been committed for trial, bail being al lowed, herself in £500, and two sureties of £250 each.—In firing the Royal sa lute at Timaru on the Queen's birthday, a gunner named Wallis, of the Timaru ar tillery, loaded the gun, and when the order to fire was given he forgot he had loaded it, and made as if to load it again. The firing gunner did not see him, and pulled the lanyard. The gun was fired, blew Wallis's arm off, and severely in jured the right side of his head as well. He died next morning.—A new arrival, named J. F. Nixon, at Timaru, has blown out his brains with a gun. The coroner's jury returned a verdict of accidental death. The whole affair is very mysterious. Deceased had been here about a month, but was not known to anyone. He was dressed liked a gentle man, and from his papers seems to have been a great chess-player. No one knows why he came here or anything else about him. The Blayney cor. of the ' B. F. Press' writes :—On Monday night a box con taining money, valuable papers, watch and chain, and other articles, was stolen from the Railway Hotel. It appears that between dark and 11 o'clock, some person or persons entered the bedroom, which is situated at the rear of the bar, and carried off the box, which is of considerable size, without being seen by anyone, took it out at the back through the yard, and with the help of a stone and paling, broke it open and abstracted from it about £27, but left behind some £12 in cheques and notes, also a watch and chain. What seems so strange is, that this could be done while several persons were in an ad joining room, where a party was playing the piano, and the bar door open to the street; and yet no one saw anything of the occurrence or knew anything of the loBs until about 11 p.m., when it was missed by Mrs. Baker, who keeps the house. There seems to be not the slightest doubt but that the party or par ties knew their way about the place, and also knew the box, as other boxes were in the room, but the right one was taken.— Several other robberies are also re ported. The ' Pastoral Times'says:—On Thurs day last an accident which terminated fa tally, oocurred to a man named John Van Palt, while engaged with other men in sinking a tank at Cornelia Station. De ceased was working with a pick on the side of the tank, when about eight tons of earth unexpectedly gave way, and fell upon him. He was extricated within about ten minutes, and as he had re- i ceived serious injuries, no time was lost in placing him in a cart for the purpose ef removing him to Deniliquin. The unfor tunate man died on the road. Telegram from Windsor, in the ' Echo' of 13th inst. :—Yesterday evening, Mr. Thomas Dickson, of Bouse Hill, fell off | his waggon on his return from Windsor, and was picked up dead. It is supposed that he was seized with a fit of apoplexy. Ditto from Wagga WaggaAt the meeting of the Mnrrumbidgee Turf Club last night, the programme for the annual raceB was cut out. The total added money voted is £3025. For the Cup, a 1000 guineas, with a gold cup presented by William Halliday, Brookong, value 100 sovereigns ; Town Plate, 600 sove reigns added; Grand Stand Handicap, 300 sovereigns ; Steeplechase, 300 sove reigns. Ditto from Brisbane:—Official tele grams report the population at the Pal mer to be 1400 Europeans and 17,000 Chin ese ; there are three steamers with Chinese in quarantine. Scattered over an area ef 2000 square miles on the Hodgkinson are 4500 Europeans and 30,000 Chinese. At Five Camps, only 60 Europeans to over 4000 Chinese.—The missing boat from the barque Banda, with the captain and his wife and child, and eight of the crew, was picked up by the Albatross, schooner, off Shoalwater Bay, on the 6th. They are all well, but the captain's wife and child are suffering from exposure. Ditto from Melbourne :—A collision oc curred on the Hamilton Railway Line be tween two contractors' engines. Two firemen were seriously injured.—About a dozen persons were injured by the colli sion at the Spencer-street terminus. The fault is attributed to a pointsman.—A wo man has been killed by the train on the line near Yiolet Town. She was crossing the line.—The boiler at Young Chum Mining Company, Sandhurst, burst. Ho one was injured. Ditto from Adelaide :—The Judges' Pension Bill has passed a second read ing. Pensions to Judges' widows are fixed at £250, and the pensions of Judges at half salary. The same issue says :—The " great pe tition" which, as our readers are aware, has been in course of signature during the last week, and the prayer of which is in reference to the extension of the railway from Redforn to the Circular Quay, wab presented to the Legislative Assembly yesterday evening by Mr. John Macin tosh, member for East Sydney. The pe tition was affirmed by statutory declara tion to include nearly 12,000 signatures, and is one of the largest and most influen tial that has ever yet been presented to the Parliament of this country. The pe tition was handsomely bound and let tered ; and, in fact, as a book of 431 pages, should be regarded as a collective demand which must not he lightly re garded by our Legislature. The 'N. Z. Gazette' says The Wairoa natives have declined to allow Sunday travelling through their country. They have forbidden drinking, and will punish fornication. Some of the natives wish to start a new religion. They say it has been done before in the world, and thoy desire to do so again. A Bendigo paper says :—On Saturday morning an accident happened at the North Old Chum Company's claim, on the Ironbark line of reef, resulting in the instantaneous death of one man and the injury of another. The two men, named respectively Thomas Pearce and Stead man, were engaged working in the 250 feet level of the above company's shaft, when a quantity of mullock from a slip pery place in the shaft fell and almost buried them in the debris. Both, on assistance arriving, were immediately con veyed to the surface, when it was found that the unfortunate man Pearce was quite dead, but Steadman was only slightly injured, and was able to walk to his home. Telegram from London, in the ' Echo' of 14th inst. :—London, June 11. Paris Races : The following are the winners of the Grand Prix de Paris (of 4000 sove reigns, for 3 year eld celts and fillies, added to a sweepstake of 40 sovereigns each, 24 sovereigns forfeit; second horse to receive 400 sovereigns, and third 200 sovereigns ; colts 8 st. 9 lbs. ; fillies 8 st. 6 lbs. ; 1 mile 7 furlongs) :—Ste. Chris tophe 1; Jongleur 2 ; Straehino 3.—Lon don, June 13. Important despatches have been received from Mukhtar Pacha. He reports that the Russians are retreat ing between Kara and Erzerum; that they have abandoned Olti, and that it has been re-occupied by the Turks.—An insurrectionary agitation is taking place in the provinces of Epirus and Thessaly. It is expected that a general rising will take place at Candia.—The Russian Go vernment has ordered a new military levy of 202,000 men. Ditto from Walgett:—The driver of Gobb's coach from Coonamble has just come into town on foot. He reports that three miles from here the horses' heads were seized by a man calling himself Kelly, who styled himBtlf the manager of Wolselay's Euroka station. The driver alleges that the coach was nearly upset through the leaders being rather violently stopped. The passengers have no food or bed clothing, and must remain there all night. A meeting to express indignation over the affair is convened. A party of the townsfolk are going out. The Govern ment are loudly condemned for exposing the public to this species of squatting des potism. Ditto from Melbourne :—The Govern ment has commissioned Professor Pear son to organise the Education Depart ment, with complete control over the department and full power to carry out reforms.—The next National Agricul tural Show is to be held either at Bal larat, Geelong, or Stawell.— Mr. Langton commences a further action against the ( Age' for statements in a Sydney letter calling him a political Thug.—It is stated that steps will be taken against Mr. G. P. Smitb, on the House meeting, for his statements against members in his speech at Hawthorn. Ditto from Launceston :—The agricul tural returns of Tasmania show a surplus •f 184,527 bushels of wheat available for export. iEgles, of the ' Australasian,' writes Two gentlemen who possess vastaheep stations were exchanging the ether day at Scott's the usual sheep talk. "By George !" said one, /' the" sheep at my place are so poor, we have to send to the neighbouring station for a sheep or two in good enough condition for killing." " I'm just the other way," said Skinflint, " mine are so fat I won't kill 'em. I get a few crawlers from the neighbours—quite good enough for rations." The 1M. R. Times' says:—Immediately before going to press we were told that a sawyer named O'Brien was almost in stantaneously killed on Thursday at Dingo Creek, by a heavy log falling on him. The accident occurred through the Bide of the pit in which he was at work sud denly giving way. We are told his bro ther who was at work with him was quite unable to render any assistance or extri cate him and had to go some distance to obtain help. ! The Melbourne ' Argus' says :—The barque Pelham, which arrived last even ing from Newcastle, encountered some very severe weather, and was nearly com ing to grief, Captain Duncan saying that during his long experience on this coast he never before witnessed such a fearful gale, and had not the vessel been a strong one and a good sea boat she must have gone down. She left Newcastle on the 20th ultimo ; had moderate West winds till abreast of Twofold Bay; on the 23rd the wind shifted suddenly to S.S.E., the barometer going down to 29 • at the time. It blew a heavy gale, and on the 26th the wind backed to S.S.W., the barometer be ing 29'50. The gale was something terri fic, blowing with hurricane force, the vessel lying- to with a tarpaulin in the mizzen-rigging. The sea was also very high, and the cargo shifted, throwing the vessel on her beam-ends, where she lay for twenty- four hours, her hatches being completely under water, making it im possible to get below to trim her upright. All hands were employed keeping spare sails on the hatches to break the sea, and throughout she was like a log lying quite dead, with the weight of water on deck. The sea broke on board continuously, and smashed in the cabin windows. On the 28th the gale moderated, and Northerly winds were afterwards met with to arrival. A telegram to the Melbourne 'Age' states that a shocking fatal accident oc curred at Yiolet Town on Monday. A married woman named Stone, the wife of a line-repairer, had got on the railway line near the township just as the up train was due, and before she had time to es cape the engine struck her down across the rails and passed over her body. She was picked up dead, and was removed to Wordewood's. The spot where the acci dent occurred is close to that where two men and a boy were killed lately. The deceased leaves four children. The ' Newcastle Pilot' says :—An acci dent happened yesterday which proves the necessity, this windy weather, to pro perly secure shop shutters, which are sometimes piled on end when not in use, without sufficient guard to prevent their falling forward on passers-by. Yester day afternoon a gentleman was passing a place of business in this city, when a shutter dislodged by the wind fell on him and inflicted a rather severe wound over the right temple. The sufferer was stunned for the moment, but being kindly tended by the parties to whom the shut ters belonged, he soon recovered. The ' Narrabri Herald' says:—We are indebted to Mr. Lewis for the following piece of information Mr. Lewis tells that lately, whilst at Yaraldool, two men, who had been fishing in the Namoi, caught with a packing needle bent into a hook, and a line made of crochet cotton, a codfish which on being placed in the scale was found to weigh 45 lbs. Notic ing that the fiBh appeared to be unnatu rally distended, his curiosity tempted him to cut it open, and he then found safely ensconced within it another cod-fish, the weight of the latter being exactly nine lbs. The hook was found fast in the mouth of the smaller fish, and the larger one had thus fallen a victim to his inor dinate gluttony. The Melbourne ' ArguB' says :—There is every likelihood, according to latest ac counts from the three-masted Young Aus tralia, of her being successfully floated out of Cudie's Inlet, where she now lies, and of her being brought on to Mel bourne. At the entrance to the inlet there is a channel which in fine weather has smooth water in.it for .about 300 feet in width, and having a depth of--three fathoms, and if the damage to the hulT can be repaired the vessel will soon be out of her present durance. The injuries the vessel sustained have, upon examina tion, proved to be much Iosb serious than were anticipated. Already some five tons of sugar undamaged have been removed from the vessel, and there is every reason to believe that the whole of the rum will be recovered. Fins weather will aid ma terially in forwarding operations for the recovery of the schooner and cargo. The ' Toowoomba Chronicle' says :—We wers yesterday shown some fine specimens of cauliflowers grown by Mr. D. Ward on his farm at Gowrie Creek. They turned the scale at five pounds each. Mr. Ward's farm appears to be " addicted" to raising large vegetables, as it was only a short time ago that our attention was drawn to seme enormous potatoes from it that would have passed muster in the South Sea Is lands for very respectable yamB. The 'C. and R. Examiner' says:—A meeting of the Parochial Council was held on Thursday evening last, when an amended ground plan for the proposed new church, to accommodate 500 wor shippers, was submitted by Mr. H. Hunt, the church architect, and unani mously adopted. The secretary was di rected to call for tenders for putting in the foundation immediately on receipt of the necessary specifications for such pur pose. The superstructure will, it is pro posed at present, be of brick with stone facings and buttresses, and the doors and window facings are also to be of stone. The cost of the building will reach about .£3000 without the furniture; and it is hoped that, with the usual support given by the Grafton public, the building will be proceeded with forthwith, and com pleted at least within two years. -i3Egles, of the ' Australasian,' writes :— Nothing is more repugnant to me than to say what might be construed as a hard word of a woman. But really sometimes a woman provokes it. I can quits sym pathise with the accomplished governess who is offersd less than a menial's wages. But sympathy is inclined to run another way when a lady offering her services for an educational appointment worth £15jj a year commences her letter with word " Litterally"—thus spelt. The ' Herald' says :—In the^ Court, in Banco, on the parte Shoveller, in re veller, Mr. Salomons 3 lute a rule nisi callinl Magistrate and other .Tq and the plaintiff (O'l ■cause why a writ of prol not issue to restrain the proceeding in a case in fendant had been fined £20 anc a breach of the Attorneys Act No. 33, sec. 13), on the ground (1) that the act complained of in the in formation, viz., "drawing or preparing a petition for the sequestration of an estate as insolvent, together with an affidavit in support of such petition and a schedule of assets and liabilities thereto annexed," was not within the Attorneys Act 11 Vic., No. 33, sec. 13. Mr. Butler, Q.C., showed cause. The Court unanimously made the rule absolute, without costs. A petition and schedule in insolvency was not a proceeding in law or equity within the meaning of the Act, as it was not a proceeding in the Supreme Court. The fine of £20 was ordered to be remitted. At Cooktown, James Lover, charged with the murder of Mary Ann Smith, in the latter end of last year, has been found guilty and sentenced to death. An Adelaide contemp. says:—A trial of speed betweeu the local runner, P. Goodfellow, and the English pedestrian, Frank Hewitt, will come off shortly. Telegram from Newcastle, in Friday's ' Echo':—A man named Griffiths was run oyer by a Government ballast train last night, on the Waratali Company's line, near the Now Lambton Smelting Works, and had one leg cut off and his body horribly mutilated. Death resulted in stantaneously. —A man named Palmer, one of the St. Lawrence immigrants, who ar rived here yesterday, died suddenly this morning. Ho was attended by Dr. Harris. A post-mortem examination will take place to-morrow.—The oars and a stretcher of a boat, which two men took 011 sea on Saturday, have been found on the Nine-mile Beach, and have been identified by the owner of the boat. The men, it is feared, were drowned. Ditto from Grafton Mr. Bawden held a great land sale here to-day. A corner lot, near the New Company's wharf, brought £672, or at the rate of £12,196 per acre. A 43-acre farm at Harwood Island sold at the rate of £25 per acre. Ditto from Walgett:—Cobb's coach, which was stopped yesterday by Mr. Kelly, of Euroka Station, as reported in a former telegram, was brought in here along the Nugal Road shortly after mid night by an excited crowd. Loud cheers from the townsfolk greeted its arrival. If the new road is not at once proclaimed, it is feared riots will ensue. Ditto from Brisbane :—The Assembly to-night is engaged with the second read ing of the Aliens Gold-Pields Bill. It is substantially the same measure which was previously disallowed by Earl Car narvon. It is understood that the Go vernment will also introduce a Chinese Immigration Bill, which limits one pas senger to each five tons of a ship's ton nage, and requires the master of a vessel to pay a deposit of £10 to each immi grant, to be refunded after three years should the immigrant not be convicted of any crime, or does not become a charge on the colony as a pauper.—The revenue received at Cooktown from Chi nese dealers in two days amounted to £2500. Ditto from Melbourne :—With regard to the accident at the Spencer-street ter minus on Monday, the pointsman has confessed that he never pulled back the points, which was the cause of the col lision. The matter lias been placed in the hands of the Crown Solicitor.—The two men injured in the railway accident near Dunkeld are progressing favourably. —Captain Patterson lias applied to Go vernment for a bonus of £5000 for the first 500 tons Victorian coal forwarded to Melbourne, according to promise alleged to have been made.—Richard Egan, the proprietor of the 'Police News,' has been committed for trial for a libel on a woman. Heavy bail is required. Ditto from Adelaide :—Jenkins, the jockey, has laid an action for libel against the writer of an article in the 'Licensed Victuallers' Gazette,' for im putation on his character.—A little girl, named Jamieson, lias been scalded to death. The same issue says:—A serious ac cident occurred yesterday to a son of Mr. Saurine, living at Balmain. He, with some other boys, was playing with a horse, when the animal became ex cited and kicked the lad on the head, causing a severe wound. The father lost no time in conveying him to the Sydney , Infirmary, where the medical officers dis- ■ coyered- "him to be insensible, with a \- wound over the left eye, and a fracture of the frontal bone, which was depressed on the brain. He is in a very precariouB state.—As Messrs. H. M'Quade and H. Kennedy were returning from Randwick, driving the celebrated trotter, Archi medes, he fell dead at the Captain Cook Hotel whilst having a spin with Mr. G. Hill, Jun.'s trotting mare, Sylvia. The ' Murrurundi Times' says :—It is gratifying to report that the line is so far completed as to allow the contractor's train to travel to Quirindi. The finish ing operations will occupy two or three weeks, but at the end of that period the contract for the Quirindi portion will be handed over as completed, and the line may then be opened for public use as soon as the authorities may deem proper. The ' Newcastle Pilot* says :—Mrs. Miles, a stout, hearty-looking woman, who conducted a business in the City Market, was taken ill yesterday, and j died in a few hours. At 10 a.m., Mrs. Miles was attending her stall in the market apparently in the best of health. Half an hour later she was taken ill, and liad to be removed to her residence. Medical aid was obtained, but she died about 6 p.m. Heart disease is assigned j as the cause. | The ' Wellington Gazette' says :—An inquest was held at Ironbarks last week, before Dr. Rygate, J.P., on view of the body of a man named James Murray, an aged man, who died at the Police Barracks on Wednesday last. Deceased was a digger, but formerly was a shoe maker. The police we understand were searching for a cart to bring deceased to j the Wellington hospital. On their return J to the barracks they found him dead. The medical opinion was that this was also a case of heart disease. The Jury returned a verdict—"Died from natural causes." —An inquest was also held on the body of William Cuthel Gray, who had died suddenly, at Mitchell's Creek. The me dical testimony went to show that Gray died from disease of the heart. Telegram from London, in Saturday's * Echo':—London, June 14. A Russian new loan of fifteen millions sterling is to ^bo raised.—After fifty-five hours' eon juous fighting between the Turks and anegrins, the latter withdrew. The both sides were heavy.—The Ku^!>T^!®jjarations for effecting a pas sage of the Danube at Giurgevo have ^been frustrated. Ditto from Grafton A very, influen tial meeting of the Railway Committee was held this afternoon. A resolution was carried inviting the Glen Innes Com mittee to form a deputation to the Min ister for Works for a survey. A strong desire was evinced at the meeting that the matter should be pressed on the at tention of the Government. Ditto from Melbourne :—The residence of Mr. Blackmann, of the Public Works Department, was destroyed at Alphing- ton, this morning, together with the con- tents. It is insured for £600 in the Northern Office.—M'Lean, a driver of one of the engines during the collision at Dunkeld, is dead. At the inquest, the Jury returned a verdict of manslaughter against John Jones, overseer of the works for Messrs. Overend and Robb, for cul- pable negligence.—A man named Flana- gan had a dispute about a bet with an other man named Demaniel, at Aarawatta. The latter struck Flanagan on the head with a brick, and he died soon afterwards. —William Hood, the last of the sufferers from the Echuca Bridge accident, has died at Sandhurst. Ditto from Adelaide :—The schooner Free Blidge has been wrecked at Water loo Bay, near Streaky Bay. The crew have been saved.—The R. M. S. Travan core arrived this morning, after a dread fully rough passage. A heavy sea swept over the steamer, breaking a lascar's leg. The horse Sultan is also very bad. The steamer sailed again at 4 o'clock. The same issue says :—The City Coro ner held an enquiry this morning, at the I Queen's Arms Hotel, Oxford and Bourke streets, respecting the death of James Wilson, 75 years of age, who was found in his room on Thursday afternoon with a ghastly wound on his body. He was a native of London, a fruiterer by trade, a widower, but has left no family. He had for the last seven months been lodging with Mrs. Quinsey, 9, Crown-lane, and had been too ill lately to go out with his barrow. On Thursday afternoon, after his meals had beeu taken to his room as usual, the landlady heard a noise as if something had fallen, and on returning to the room she found the deceased ly ing on his back, with a large wound across the abdomen. A razor, covered with blood, was lying by. In answer to a question, he merely shook his head. Dr. M'Donough and Dr. Fortescue ar rived and sewed up the wound, but the deceased died about 7 o'clock the same evening. On being asked why he had committed the act, the deceased said, " Pain." The Jury found a verdict that the deceased died from a wound across the abdomen, inflicted by himself. Also :—A case of very great importance to members of friendly societies was de cided by his Honor Judge Wilkinson at the District Court on Wednesday last. Young and others v. Clarke was a case in which the trustees of the St. John Lodge, Ho. 38, P. A. F. S., of Australia, sued a member for arrears of subscription to the amount of 47s. 3d. The defence raised was that the defendant was not a member of the lodge by reason of bis ar rears having exceeded a certain limit, viz., 2(5s., and that he had ceased to be enti tled to any benefits from the lodge. On the other hand, it was Bhown that the laws of the order provide a means of withdrawal, that is, by a written resigna tion and payment of arrears ; and, as the defendant did not adopt this means, it was ruled that the defendant must pay the amount of arrears, together with costs. Mr. Pigott, of Messrs. Pigott and Trickett, appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. W. Oliver for the defendant. The ' Mudgee Times' says :—Hugh Hector, a young man from the country, put up at the Belmore last week, and stayed several days. He called for his bill, and a cheque-book as well, and drew two cheques, one for £3 and the other for £2 5s., both of which Mrs. Tuckerman cashed. Fortunately, the Rylstone mail driver was present, and stated that the cheques were no good, and acting on the hint, the modern Hec tor returned the money, and was handed over to the police. He was brought up at the Police Court last Monday, and re manded till Friday for the attendance of Mr. Alic Miller, of Rylstone, whose name was used as the drawer of the cheques. Hector told the apprehending constable " to take it easy ; he would plead guilty, and save all trouble." Saturday's ' Mercury' says :—We no tice with pleasure that our enterprising citizen, Mr. Chippendall, has on view at liis well known establishment, Hunter street, the carcase of a pig bred by him at his Tighe's Hill property. The animal belonged to the class known as the short nose, and weighs 550 lbs. Saturday's 'Echo' says:—It is our melancholy duty to announce that the Hon. John Fairfax, the senior proprietor of this journal, died at his rosidence at about 3 o'clock this morning. We are sure that by a very large section of the public this announcement will be received with both regret and sorrow. By his employees Mr. Fairfax was esteemed and loved for qualities with many of which the outside public could scarcely be ex pected to be familiar. But his name has been sufficiently long and prominently before the community, and his services in various departments of social activity have been sufficiently known and appreciated, to make his death a public as well as a private loss. Thousands of those who know how to value faithful service and honest worth, will suffer more than a tinge of sadness when they learn to-day that Mr. John Fairfax is no more. It is not onr intention at present to refer to the facts of Mr. Fairfax's life, or even to pen a tribute to his memory. This may be done in another issue. We cannot, however, refrain from saying that, in announcing the death of Mr. Fairfax,.we record the loss of another of those whose industry and integrity have contributed more than a little to make this country richer and better, and another of those whom countries like this can ill afford to part with. The placing of the flags of so many of the Bhips in the harbour at half mast this morning is a sufficient indi cation, if any were wanted, that our private sorrow is also regarded as a public one. Will Honeycomb, of the 'Dubbo Dis patch,' writes:—There is nothing like sport—though upon my word I never heard anything like this :—" An officer of the Blues has backed himself against a sporting baronet to ride ten miles over a fair hunting country while a snail walks ten inches on a greased board. At latest advices from traiuing quarters the snail was in splendid condition, and was taken out daily for an afternoon crawl. The odds are five to four on the snail." The nearest approach to this is the well known wager made by Buck Whalley—the cele brated Dublin macaroni. He bet 1000 guineas that he would go to Jerusalem, play handball against the walls of the Se pulchre, and be back in Dublin, at Daly's Club House, within three months. He performed the feat, won the' guineas, and spent the most of them one night on claret and " spoiled fives," and earned for life the soubriquet of " Jerusalem Whal- , ley." But this snail bet—well, the world is getting on. The ' Yass Courier' says :—A large number of cheques are now in the posses sion of business persons in Yass and neighbourhood, which have been returned by the banks upon which they are drawn, marked " refer to drawer," or " no ac count." Unfortunately, in the majority of cases the "drawers" are non est, as in many instances they have been paid away by parties travelling with sheep or cattle, and whose whereabouts are entirely un known to the two acceptors of the cheques. Even the keeper of the Yass pound, three or four weeks ago, was prevailed upon to accept of a cheque for £7 12s. in payment of fees on a flock of sheep impounded, but to this day he has been unable to get it cashed, and if he sues for the value he will have to travel to Wagga Wagga. The hint given above ought to cause persons to be more chary in accepting cheques from individuals they know nothing about. The ' Toowoomba Chronicle' says A very sad and painful accident happened yesterday morning at the Iron Foundry Works of Messrs. Griffith Bros. The en gine had just started, and one of the workmen, named Richard Reynolds, was placing on the leather belt, when his foot slipped, and he fell, his left leg coming in contact with one of the cog wheels, and was drawn in among the machinery, and crushed to a frightful extent. The engine was immediately stopped, and as sistance rendered, but so tightly was the unfortunate man's leg jammed among the machinery that it took the united efforts of three men to extricate it. Reynolds was immediately removed to the hospital, and attended by Dr. Howlin, who found both bones of the leg broken and the : whole of the muscles from the knee to the ankle terribly lacerated. All was done for the sufferer that medical skill could do, but he lies in a very precarious con dition. We regret to learn that Constable Blain I is dead. The ' Herald' of the 13th inst. i says The late Constable Blain. The remains of this unfortunate young mem ber of the police force, who died last Sun day night in the Sydney Infirmary, from typhoid fever, with which he was attacked in his lodgings in Wbollooniooloo, were interred yesterday afternoon at the Ceme tery at Haslem Creek. The funeral pro cession included the Inspector General of Police (Mr. Fosbery), Inspector Read, Sub Inspectors Anderson, Waters, and Johnston, and a large number of his fel low-officers. Sub Inspector Rush would have been present but from being de tained by Court duties. The funeral cortege consisted of some forty vehicles. It will be recollected that Constable Blain, who was a fine strapping manly fellow of only twenty-six years, received some se vere injuries on the head a few months ago from a cowardly assault made on him by a burglar named Wright, who got a sentence of six years on the roads at the last sittings of the Central Criminal Court. It was but the other day that a number of citizens, to mark their sense of the courageous conduct of Blain in ar resting and keeping to his prisoner, made a present to him of a gold watch and chain for which they had subscribed. The poor fellow did not live to enjoy this gift, or to rise to a prominent position in the force to which he was a credit—a position which he was doubtless destined to fill had he lived. On reference to our ad vertising columns it will he seen that it is proposed to erect a suitable monument over his remains at the Necropolis, to mark his brave and courageous conduct, and subscriptions for this purpose ate invited. , The 'Herald' says:—We nnderstan'd that steps have been taken by Inspector Oram to prosecute the driver of the Wool Ioomooloo Bay omnibus which, as stated in a letter in Monday's issue, was seen carrying a coffin and several mourners to the Mortuary station on the previous Wednesday. The omnibus itself has been thoroughly fumigated twice. It was er roneously described as a Woolloomooloo omnibus, it being instead the omnibus which plies to and from Woolloomooloo Bay.—A correspondent, commenting on the letter of " Sanatorium," published on the 12th, says that the omnibus re ferred to contained two coffins, and ex presses his opinion that it would have been "a more sensible thing not to have referred to the matter at all, as the poor little atoms of departed humanity were so very small."—The immigrants that ar rived only a few days ago, per St. Law^ rence, are already nearly all engaged or dispersed to various parts of the colony. As usual, the domestic servants were snapped up ; and of the male immigrants, there are scarcely any remaining at the depot. About eighty men have gone up the country by steamer, chiefly to Northern ports. The principal places where the immigrants are gone are Mnr rurrnndi, Murrumburrah, Newcastle, Bathurst, Goulburn, Orange, Bowen fels, Moss "Vale, Bowning, West Mait land, Blayney, and Grafton. The * M. and D. Advertiser' says :—A j juvenile industrial exhibition is the latest scheme in Ballarat. The work exhibited is to be the production of all young per sons under 20 years.—The lessees of potato land on the Farnham Estate, near Warrnambool, have been called upon to sign an agreement compelling them to pay a special tax to the proprietors, in view of the imposition of Mr. Berry's land tax.— The weather is proving highly advantage ous. Mild nights and genial days, with out frost, are bringing on vegetation rapidly, and already in some parts of the district farmers have to pay attention to the cattle lest the herbage prove too rich and injurious to them.—The frequency with which children are drowned in water holes suggests that there should be a law to compel persons to fence such traps. Tbe latest instance of loss of infant life has occurred at Kangaroo-flat, near Sand hurst, where a child two years of age, named Dunlop, slipped into a water-hole, and was found by her distracted mother a quarter of an hour after being missed.— Laurence Laurenson, a miner in the Bis-, marck claim, was on Wednesday engaged removing some timber from old ground; when a fall of earth took place and par tially covered him. His left arm was fractured, and he was severely braised about the body. Laurenson was conveyed to the Maryborough hospital, and suit ably treated.—Our Ores wick contempo rary, to give some idea of the magnitude of the potato trade, mentions that 2000 tons left Creswick by rail during the month of May. A farmer states that his cheque for potatoes grown this season on 20 acres of land would be £400. ' He stated that they would average 11 tons to the acre. It is not to be wondered at that people give £25 per acre for land in Bullarook, when they can almost clear it in the first year.—The Sandhurst youths have a lively sense of fun in the way of practical joking. A local paper states that they recently set an automaton ; iguana crawling about amongst the ladies promenading in the fine arts exhibition, i The ladies were thrown into conster- j nation, and nearly fainted through fright. j The article is described as " one of thef properties of the Bendigo school mines." We are curious to know what such a " property" could be used for in a scientific institution for the teaching of geology and the industrial arts in connec tion therewith. The Stanthorpe ' Post' says :—A man named Frederick Gregg, employed in the underground workings of Mr. Alpin's mine, met with a severe accident on, Tues day last. It appears that Gregg was en gaged putting in some timber in the roof of the chamber, when a quantity of earth fell upon him, dislocating his collar-bone. The services of Dr. Marley were speedily procured, and the dislocated member put in its place. I At the Brisbane police court, the other! day, Elizabeth Brown was fined £2 andf 7s. 2d. costs, for cruelty to animals in setting two dogs on to a heifer, the pro perty of Emma Lisden. | The 1 Echo' says :—It is not easy to maintain the doctrine of the dignity of human nature in the presence of the brutish and fiendish actions which men perform under the influence of alcohol That subtle power seems to wake up every sleeping devil in men. In a Vic torian court, the other day, a case of j drink and crime was unfolded which was 1 a disgrace to our civilisation, and ai shame to our common nature. A mam came home drunk, and found that hi2 child was dead, and that his corpse lay1 in a coffin in the room. .His wife asked him what arrangements he would make for the funeral, and by way of reply he struck her violently on the face, the blow being sufficiently severe to draw blood and cause disfigurement, and then he seized the coffin, and flung it at her, the body of the unfortunate child falling out upon the floor. The woman's screams soon brought help, and this ruf fian, who had assaulted with the body of lier own child the woman he had vowed to love, honour, and cherish, was taken into custody, and ultimately re ceived a sentence of four months' im prisonment. About the same time in the same colony—the case was reported in the same issue of the same journal— another man was sentenced to two years' imprisonment for stealing some pigs. Here is an anomaly for Mr. Buchanan : two years for pigstealing, four months for assaulting a woman with the corpse of her child ! What a triumph of advanced civilisation ! It does seem a pity that our Solons are not clever enough to de vise means which will stamp out the curse of drunkenness, with its issues of fiendish brutalities. It appears as if we had become accustomed to the crimes born of reckless indulgence in potent drinks, and had resigned ourselves to them as unavoidable and inevitable. But the occurrence of such . infamous deeds as tlie one we have mentioned is surely enough to make intelligent and humane colonists vow that some method of preventing them, or at least of lessen ing their number, must be discovered, aud the sooner the better. Will Honeycomb, of the ' Dubbo Dis patch,' writes :—There are good drinking men up there at Brewarrina. A fishery man at the last Bourke Quarter Sessions was cross-examined as his capacity to deal with Hennessy and Martel. " How many drinks did you have that day ?" asked the barrister. "I may have drunk ninety, but I would not swear to it," re plied the cautious witness. " It was, I believe, something like that," added he. Another fellow deposed that at Brewar rina, " sixty nobblers were considered a fair thing, hut rather above the average." Well, between " you and me and the post," reader, the witness was right. " Sixty nobblers" are very fair, and I have not the slightest doubt that you will think with me it ought to be if it is not exactly "above the average." But the " ninety" man—why, he is, I suppose, as celebrated in the lush line at Brewarrina, as is a certain youth in the pie line at Dubbo. " Ninety nobblers"—heavens and earth—why, he is none of your retail drinkers, but a regular wholesale bibber. The ' Cooktown Courier' reports that a man named William Parkes arrived in town and informed the police that Wil liam Thompson had been accidentally shot near Moylan's Grave on the Palmer road, about 25 miles from Cooktown. It appears that the deceased, who was about thirty years of age, was on the way to the Palmer with a team of pack horses, and had reached a spot known as Moylan's Grave, near Oakey, on Monday. The horse he was riding was a young restive animal, and on several occasions " cut up reugh," so much so that poor Thomp son had to dismount and administer a flogging to the cantankerous animal; while doing so, the thong of his whip somehow or other got entangled with the hammer of his rifle—slung at the side of the saddle—and in extricating it the fire arm discharged itself and lodged the con tents in the chest of the unfortunate man. On hearing the report, Parkes ran up to the wounded man just in time to hear his last words, " I am done," and then Thompson died without a struggle. The ' Herald's' Wagga cor. writes :— We have a young lady in this neighbour hood just now who is about as strange a specimen of female larrikinism as one can well imagine. Some of her freaks at night involve the necessity of donning male at tire. Her latest amusement is likely to lead to trouble if persevered in. With a hideous mask and a white sheet or robe, this adventurous female has been playing the ghost, concealing herself in the dark under the lagoon bridge and other lonely places at night, and, stalking out upon the unwary passengers, has succeeded in more than one instance in establishing that state popularly described as being " frightened into fits." 