FIYE MINUTES WITH AN OLD NEWSPAPER. Br Lippon Daulin Dosa. Few more striking- illustrations of the changes wrought in the condition of Melbourne during the past 80 years could he brought forward than that afforded by a perusal of an old paper. handed to me a tew days ago by one j who had worked in the office at which | it was produced. The paper iu question j is a copy of the Port Phillip Patriot, ! dated 30th June, 1847 — barely 30 years ! ago. Not such a very long time after j all — a period well within the recollec- | tion of men yet in the prima of life — a | date at which many who are still hale j and hearty had already passed the ! grand climacteric. And yet how great I the alterations which have occurred in ! the history of" Port Phillip'' since this | modest broadsheet — then the only news- ' paper published in Melbourne — left the ; press : how striking the contrast he- ; tween the Patriot of 1847 and the j Collins-street thunderer of 1877 ! To ! say that the Patriot of June 30, 1847, i was in every respect inferior to any ; colonial journal of the present day would be to do scant justice to the I Australian press: the iatesr. -literary ; fledgling issued from the most obscure j hamlet in the colony would put to j shame the Melbourne daily of 30 years I ago; and, to judge irom the adver- ' tising columns of the Patriot , the hum blest provincial journal now commands a much more liberal amount of pecu niary support. But none the less on that account is the old paper inter esting as a relic of the pastoral age, the time before the country had been rushed by the gold seekers, and when it was yet but an appanage of New South Wales — the " Botany Bay" with which naughty little boys and girls in England were threatened when they became more than usually trouble some. It may not, therefore, be out of place to devote a few liues to this shadow of the past, this very ghost of colonial journalism, and hear the tale it tells. The Port Phillip Patriot , then — the predeces sor of The Argus — consists of four pages of a size about au inch narrower and perhaps two and a half iuches shorter than a page of The Argus, all th - con tents being set, however, in much larger type. Of these four pages, one and a halt are devoted to advertisements, one column to original local paragraphs, and nearly- all the rest of the space is tilled with extract matter, principally from the Sjdncg Morning Hera/tl. By the im print of the paper, it seems that it was " edited, printed, and published at the Patriot office, by George D'Arley Bour- siquot, sole proprietor," and from the moment this announcement is met with, one is inclined to condone all shortcomings. Who did expect great things in a daily paper ' edited, published, and printed" by one man ? Unpretending as is the littio sheet before ine, no doubt Mi- George -D'Arley Boursicpiot bad quite v iU'imh on his bauds. Probably in ad dition to his literary and typographical : duties lie also superintended business niatt.-rs. looked up '-'ads," eolh-ctod ; debts — (ob, the difficulty of collecting : printers' debts?) — and generally was the : i i ft- and soul o' the concern. Mow, then, cmiid Mr George D'Arley B nirsiquot, . sole proprietor, turn out a lire amount i of original copy ! Why, even The Argus \ wiin its army ot c .rrcsponueuts, lis vast mechanical appliances — even The Argus, I Say, would in dee but a sorry show were its literary and commercial staff reduced to one soli tary individual; and so I will allow a mantle to fall over all the deficiencies of the Patriot. I will, however, glance for a monii-iit through the pages, in the hope of thus finding something that shall bear out the motto which heads the paper, the motto that told the Melbourne public of 1847 that the Patriot was designed ' To show the very age and body of the time, its form and pressure." The first column of advertisements commences with the proprietor's own business announcements, setting fori h that " common law summonses." " stock returns," " printers' ink," and " dog forms," can be procured at tiie Patriot office ; aud a certain " Mr James Beveridge, late of the Travellers' Rest, Oollingwood," is requested to call at the Patriot office and pay his account. I hope this invitation was responded to ; but I have misgivings on the point. Nay, I have an intuitive conviction that Mr Beveridge did not turn up iu answer to that advertisement, or if he did, that he disputed the till ; that he said he never ordered the paper ; that he didn't ap prove of its principles ; that it was an irreverent and godless paper, or else that it truckled to the clergy ; I kuow, iu short, as well as if I had been present in Collins-street in June, 1S47, that Mr Boursiquot, sole proprietor, was treated with contumely by this person Beveridge, wheu he asked for his money. The next advertisement is that of an assurance office, which announces that " an extra premium of £1 per cent, per annum will be charged for risk of death from casualty by collision with the aborigines." The directors, however, considerately, add that this " may be assured or not at the option of the assurer." Mr W. Clarke advertises his music and stationary ware house, and " general bindery" — whatever that may be. He gives no address. Perhaps he needed nothing of the kind in 1847 ; all that a stranger probably would have to do to fiud hira, would be to affi for " the" stationer's shop, or the " general bindery," as the case might be, aud the inhabitants of Melbourne us one man would point with unerring finger to Mr Clarke's emporium. Mr Thomas Ham offers a map of " Australia Felix and its squatting districts" for 16s. A feature of the map is that " it embraces the whole extent of country included in the probable boundaries of the colony on the granting of separation by the Home Government." A' dyer named "William Howes, residing " near Mr Gregory's iron-store" in Collins-street, rashes into poetry of a very inferior kind in order to make known the fact. That be, crape, shawls, veils, and silk dresses Most beautiful dj'es and presses; And renders clothes, wliace'er their hue, Grey, drab, or brown, or dusky blue, A matchless black, or perfect sable By process quite inimitable. Mr Howes also makes a statement from which it would appear that the ladies of Port Phillip 30 years ago had anticipated the peculiar reform in feminine costume introduced some years later in America by Mrs Colonel Bloomer. I quote from the advertisement : — ' Ladies' cloaks, riding habits, doe and buckskin breeches cleaned aud finished up iu true fashion for the ensuing races." This is really a most siartling announcement, and shows bow liH'.e we know concerning the habits of lady eoionisls of even so short a time ago as 30 years since. By the nexu ad vertisement I regret to see that Mr Boursiquot, sole proprietor, has been victim. .! again; a reward of 20 guineas (ih>re -.vera guineas in those days) being offered for the apprehension of one James Eylt-s Mounsher, who had absconded with some cash from the Patriot office. The thief is described as having " very little evebrows, and rather bald, hair stained' — evidently a villian of the deepest dye. No wonder that Mr Boursiquot cau tions ihe public in the next adver tisement not to pay any more money to this miscreant ; no wonder that he should add that in fatore " all receipts given for monies paid on account of the Patriot, must bear the signature of G. D. Boursiquot." By the succeeding an nouncement I notice that even 1847 was not an age of Arcadian simplicity. There were imposters in Melbourne — pro- genitors, no doubt, of tbe " co ifi '-nee" and " match-box trick" men — even in those days. At all events, the public are cautioned agaiust " certain persons representing themselves in distress, who have of late been going abnut i lie town soliciting mouey from the cbarituiffii and humane." And tbe benevolently dis posed are recommended only to give alms through the medium of three societies — the Strangers' Friend Society, the St. James's Visiting SociAy, raid the Friendly Brothers' Society. Let us hope the warning was effectual. The next item iu the business columns of tbe Patriot is a long advertisement of an approaching sale of Crown lands, the proclamation being issued by " Sir Charles Augustus Fitzroy, Knight Com panion of the Royal Hanoverian Guelphic Order, C.ap'ain-G-.'iicni! and Governor-in- chief of New South Wales." This, with a f-w impounding notices, brings the : lirsr. page to a close. The second p-igo ! commences with "Shipping Imciligance," i IViiin which I gather ihat the ships in ' Port Phi,lip harbour on 30(h June, 1847, ; were six in number, the larg' st being | the James Do m, barque, 387 tons, : fn,m London. Uad-.r tiio beading-: " r.rr! '.'.ti," -'cleired," and "sniled," : J si returns in cac.li e sse tire " nil," i bur a subsequent post-office notice an nounces that tiie Pvihagnras, brig, 233 t . ns, is about to be despatched fur' Liverpool with tin; ling-fish mail. The hitesr. date from England was 24th February, about 18 weeks pivviouslv. Bv a rales of exchange" table. I see that things have not improved in till i respects since 1847. Bills on Sydney ! were then purchased at- one per cent. | discount, and issued at one per cent. premium. New, last week, being on i a visit to the other side of the Mnrrav, ; I chanced to get bold of a New South Wales UO note. When I got to Mel bourne, I was charged, uv the same hanlc that issued the note, 2s Gd. for I exchange. That if mistake not is 1 21- per cent. Will the banking | " powers that be" kindly explain this I anomaly. In 1847 only one per cent, was charged for exchange on Sydney; in 1877, with a railway to the Murray, 24 is charged for exchange on Albury, distant about eight hours' ride. I now come to the leading article of the Patriot, which, if remarkable for nothing- else, is at least commend able for its brevity ; it is contained in I just 20 lines of leaded long primer, and refers to an expected speedy solution of the " squatting- difficulty," by the passing- of the Orders in Council. Close upon the leader follows a long extract from an English paper, describing in graphic terms some of the horrors of the famine in Ireland. We next come to the original local matter. This con sists of four paragraphs about police court cases : two referring to desertions from some of the six ships in the bay, and one to' a Mrs Maria King — a most improper old party, who seems to have been caught in the act of picking pockets in the tap-room of the William Tell Inn, and who was very justly sentenced to three months' imprison ment. The fourth (and last) original local paragraph conveys so happy an illustration of the free and easy man ners of the time, that I cannot resist quoting it in its entirety ; it runs as follows : — " Magisterial Courtesy.— Business at the preliminary court was remarkably brisk yesterday ; there were, however, only two ' lushingtons,' John Collins and Matthew Caffr&e;, who each cast a diadem at the feet of her Majesty like loyal sub jects, aud retired. At about half-past 1 o'clock seven Pentonvillians who had been remanded from the previous day were placed in the dock, the whole of the necessary witnesses being in attendance. The only magistrate on the Bench was Mr James Smith, who, looking at his patent lever, discovered to his horror that it was lunch time, and the Pentonville case would in all probability last a couple of hours. ' Why were these men re manded ?' said his worship, apparently in a high state of excitement. ' I hadn't the witnesses,' said the chief constable. ' I don't care,' said his worship ; ' these cases are always shoved on me, and I'll not take it, the Mayor's began it, let the Mayor finish it,' and the men were in consequence again remanded until this morning. After the " locals" are passed over, we come to copious extracts from the Sydney Morning Herald, including inter alia a letter from a Mr Hohbler, a set tler on the Murrumbidgee, describing a recent encounter with a bunyip on Tyson's station. The animal is referred to by the writer as the " Kinepratia," and it is described as " about as big as a six months old calf, of a dark brown colour, a long neck and long pointed head, large ears, and a thick mane of hair from the head down to the neck, and two large tusks." Unfortunately the "Kinepratia" was not captured. At the end of the bunyip story come tnore advertisements, among which I note the following, that refers to a kind-hearted, genial, old gentleman who but a few months since passed away to his rest, after residing for half a lifetime in Albury. " Dr. KeatiDge, late of Collins -street, Melbourue, begs to acquaint the settlers of the Upper Hume and Murray dis trict, that at the request of a number of friends he has removed to the town ship of Albnry, where he purposes practising his profession. "Albury, Hume River, June 8th, 1847." Next comes the card of the landlord of the Queen's Head Tavern, Queen- street, an enterprising Boniface, who had fitted up his house " regardless ot expense," and who founded bis claim to public support on the somewhat peculiar ground that he had been " for several years ciii'-t clerk in the sheriff s department.'' Why this should havi- been a recoinmeiidati vn is not, at this distance of time, easy to determine. It is clear, however, that in 1847 the Queen's Head was a "swell" house, and it may be that the officials in the particular branch oi the public service referred to had established a reputation for connoiseursliip in fermented and spirituous liquors, and that the host's former connexion with the department was a guarantee of good tipple. The Adelphi Tavern — it will be observed that the good old-fashioned word " tavern" had not become obsolete in 1847 — appealed to a different class of : customers. The advertisement is ad- | dressed " to hushmen," and a special ! feature is made of the fact that : " secure bullock yards are provided ; the said yards being alluded to as " the necessary attendant to parties recently ; arrived from the interior.'" If doubtful English were not unhappily too common even in this year of grace 1877, I might question the propriety of re ferring to a bullock-vard as though it were a valet, or a travelling-bag; 1 ut 1 will let that JiasS. The only jeweller who advertises his wares in the Patriot was Mr Thomas Flemming Cooke, whose piace of business was in Eliza- Iu tli-street, " near the shoemaker's." lie promised "punctuality, and moder ate charges and if he kept his word, all I can say is that he was wonderfully in advance oi m.aiy of his numerous ' successors in the same line of business ; Recollections of a delightful art now. ; alas ail bat absolute, thanks to photo- ; grapfiv — are brought to mind by the ! simple announcement " Mr Blant, ; portrait- painter ' Prince of Wales." f ; | fear, however, that even in 1847 Mr | Bland's profession was at a low ebb in ; Melbourne, ffiie address at a tavern is painfully suggestive of an out-at-elbows resoiv, t tin to pick up a scanty7 livelihood by producing black sticking-plaster silhouettes for a clientc'e of taproom frequenters ; and, perhaps, compounding fro iiis " sbeoak"' score by painting the landlord and landlady cabinet size. I fancy I soe the companion pictures, the imposing attitudes, the Greciauised snub noses, with precisely the same Corin thian pillar and flowing crimson drapery for a back ground iu each picture ; and I can imagine the hostess stipulating for a sketch of her eldest hope (ivi:li an apple in his hand) beiug given iu. I hope Mr Bland firmly resisted this manifest attempt at imposition. The next adver tisement is that of a nurseryman — Mr J. Shepperd, and it provesthat tho colonial aptitude for " blowing" existed many7 a long year before it was discovered by Mi- Anthony Trollope. Mr Shepperd evidently appreciated his own merits, as witness his announcement that. " At his nursery he has by perseverance, talent., and ex penditure got such a choice variety as to please the most fastidious, and gratify the most curious and refined tastes, and hopes to maintain that high character his nursery has so distinguishingly at- tained. They evidently knew the value of big words in 1847. Passing ovor a column of auction sales, I come to the card of Mr 'Charles Lin- stead, who it appears, was the fortunate proprietor of the " New -Horse Bazar." This gentleman was clearly in advance of the age, for, in addition to keeping "gigs" and saddle horses on hire, he informed his patrons that " the" cab could be had at a moment's notice, night or day — always provided, ' we may- assume, that somebody else hadn't hired it. But at this I will drop the veil. The idea suggested to my mind of Melbourne with " the" cab — is something too ap palling. I will pursue no further my antiquarian researches. No longer will I disturb from its slumbers this literary Rip Van Winkle but rest content with the hope that this cursory glance at the contents of on old newspaper may enable " new chnm" readers of The Australasian to form a slight idea of the vast changes that have been wrought in this city, within' a period that, after all is a good deal shorter than au average lifetime. Albury. — Australasian. 