THE REV. THOMAS JONES. A telegram has been received in Melbourne day, from the Rev. Thomas Jones, who is , Coriiing out to take charge of the Collins street Independent Church, to say that he will sail in the Northumberland on tbe 29th of March. Sinbe it has been known that Mr. Jones was S'" lining to Melbourne, a large amount of interest as been evinced iri the event, and we have feeen favoured with several Communications containing information respecting the rev. gentleman, a few gleanings from which will be of interest. Mr. Jones is a Welshman, and joined the Independent church at the age of twenty, up till which time he had had no rela tions whatever with any religious denomination. He received his first training in the ministry finder the minister of the church lie had joined, and he subsequently went to Brecon College, where he studied for four years. He was then appointed to the Morriston Church, near Swansea, where he remained nntil he was called to Bedford street Chapel, London, " where," writes a correspondent, "he attained the highest pinnacle of fame as a pulpit orator, and justly soj for as an orator I have hover heard his equal." He Was chairman of fhe Congregational Union of Bngland'and Wales in 1871, when he delivered an inaugural ad dress, which secured for him high honours at the time, and is still spoken of by ministers of the church as one of the most eloquent de liverances of modern times. Those who sat under him describe him as a preacher who rivets the attention from his first to his last sen tence. One of his oldhearers writes : — " He seems to breathe poetry, and carries you with him by His irresistible earnestness and eloquence. If he is anything like what he was fifteen years ago, such a man never came to these colonies.'' These are the opinions expressed by some of his old friends who preceded him here, and as the rev. gentlemen is an object of considerable interest to a large section of the community, we will allow him to speak for himself, by giving the following extract from the inaugural address already referred to : — " We live in an age of earnest and sceptical inquiry. Men are asking questions, not without deep concern, regarding the most solemn sub jects. A spirit has gone out into the world which tells people that 'Scepticism is the highest of duties; blind faith the one unpardonable sin. Old and venerable beliefs are attacked ; doctrines that have been received for centuries are viewed with doubt, or cast away as worth- less ; truths, which made our fathers strong in life and cheerful in death, are tested and proved without favour, and oftentimes with small reverence. Authority in matters of belief has ceased. Even the Bishop of Rome himself is no longer believed. He may, with great pro- priety, use the words of the ' children sitting in the markets, and calling unto their fellows, and saying, " We have piped unto you, and ye have not danced ; we have mourned unto you, and ye have not lamented." ' He has clothed him self with infallibility, but the world will not bow down and worship ; he waves his pastoral staff, but that also has lost its power, and is not the charmer's wand it used to be in other ages ; and he calls to his aid the anathemas of his Church, but the nations are not alarmed. The ancient words of the Bible may be applied to the present time — 'In these days there was no king in Israel, but every man did that which was right in his own eyes.' The citadel of our faith is assailed in the most persistent manner by an army that seems determined to make it level with the ground, and loud complaints are heard that there are false friends within the sacred enclosure itself who are in league with the enemy outside. " These things cause anxiety and grief to many Christian minds ; they fear that religion will be overthrown in the contest ; that the walls which have withstood so many assaults will be beaten down at last. While we are well assured that this can never be, and that the foundation of God standeth sure,' we may still sympathise with the anxious care of good men for the preservation of the Gospel of Jesus Christ. For consider what a momentous ques tion this is concerning the truth of our religion. How helpless we are if it is not true ! Extin guish the light which Christ has imparted, and hold in your hand the torch of philosophy, and then gaze steadfastly into the black expanse before you ; what can yon make of it ? You will behold the many gods of the ancient heathen, or the no-god of the modern atheist ; or with the fatalist you will see senseless power and blind necessity; or, like the materialist, you will see nothing but matter, organic and inorganic ; or it may be that the vision of the idealistic pantheist will pass before your mind, revealing naught but spirit — one infinite, un created, and eternal spirit manifesting Himself to Himself in different ways, and in whom all infinite beings disappear as the wave forms are lost in the universality of the ocean. This is intellectual confusion — mental distraction. Again, if the Gospel be not true our hope is gone, and 'we are of all men most miserable.' The Saviour, so divine and so human, so great and yet so humble, who has been loved, and trusted, and praised, in life and death by count- less millions of human beings, has no existence and never did exist. The heaven, the home of the pilgrim spirit, the saints' everlasting rest, of which we have thought so much, and to which, amid the tribulations of the present life, we turn as by a divine instinct, is not a reality, bnt the Utopia of man's imagination. And the blessed dead — the dear departed ones! We did hope to meet them, again after the long reparation, but this can never be if the Gospel is not true, for they have ceased to exist, and their portion is in the black abyss of annihila- tion. Prophets, apostles, preachers, poets. Christian philosophers, and martyrs of the church ye were all mistaken. But why appeal to you. You hear us not, for you sleep the sleep of an endless death. This is thick dark ness— nethermost night— eternal despair. There is a strange scene in the Revelation : An angel sounded his trumpet, and a third part of the heavenly lights was extinguished, and a sor rowful gloom spread over the earth. I also had a waking dream, a vision, or reverie. An angel descended from heaven, and took the ancient book of the Gospel, which was opened before him eighteen hundred years ago ; and he rolled it up and sealed it with seven seals, and it was taken up mto heaven, and placed among the un- revealed mysteries of God. And as he rolled it together all knowledge and recollection of it vanished from the minds of men, and when it was sealed their minds were also sealed, so that they could hot remember that they ever had possessed a Gospel. There they stood before me, multitude beyond multitude, sin innume rable company of human beings spiritually be nighted, ' strangers from the covenants of pro- mise,' ignorant of the Gospel, knowing nothing of the Redeemer and the Sanctifier, having no hope of eternal life, ' and without God in the world. "I would speak a few words to cheer and strengthen the Church. There should be no fear or alarm, no cry that the Church is in danger, or that Christianity is going to disappear from the earth, for neither of these things shall come to pass. The Church of God is built upon a firm foundation, and the truth of God cannot die. The investigation of the material world, which is now being carried on with so much intelligence and zeal, is re garded by many as a source of danger to our religion. They look askance at science, believing that she is bent upon mischief, and fearing that she may any day bring to light some fact or law of nature that will destroy the authority of God's Word. But there is no real cause for alarm. First, science has no evil intentions ; her endeavour is to discover the secrets of nature, to know her methods, and understand the means she uses for the accom plishment of her purposes, and to see things as they are and not as they appear. Again, religion is as old as humanity, and it should sympathise with science, and give it an example of kindness and forbearance ; for positive science is only a youth, and, like most youths, it has quite as much daring as wisdom, more pre sumption than experience, and is often wanting in the reverence which is produced by a 'mul titude of years. ' In the third place, this fear is most unbecoming in the church, for it shows that the great wave of doubt which, is passing over the world has reached her also. If her vision were clear, if she grasped the eternal verities of our religion with a firm hand, she would feel and speak according to the language of the Bible — ' Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away. The word of the Lord endureth for ever. And this is the word which, by the Gospel, is preached unto you. And upon this roek I will bnild my church, and the gates of hell, shall not prevail against it. ' Further, be well assured that it will be manifest as the years go on, that, the progress of natural knowledge can no more discredit the Divine revelation than the finding of new planets can extinguish the sun, or prove that his light is not needed. True science add true religion shall yet meet and blend, as naturally as two rivers flow into each other. Let men investi gate the material world, and read the book of nature to the last sentence, in the wondrous volume. Analyse matter, and resolve it into its first elements ; dig among the rocks, and make them tell the story of their forma tion ; ' Lift up your eyes on high,' and study the revolving heavens , enter the temple of the mind, and read the mystic writings engraved upon its walls ; and the Gospel of Christ shall not be disproved or displaced by the discoveries you may make in these or in any other regions. There are systems to which ignorance is neces sary ; they cannot thrive, nor even live without it. Like dreams they exist only when the mind is asleep. Like night vapours, they vanish in the morning sunlight, and like ghosts, they de part at the opening of the dawn. But tbe Gospel is not one of those. It welcomes know ledge. Light is its true element ; it delights in the noonday splendour,' and looks the sun in its face. Once more, the Church should not fear natural knowledge, and not only so, bnt she should welcome the students of nature as fel low-workers and servants of God. Bezaleel was ' filled with the spirit of God' for building the tabernacle ; the wisdom of the husbandman comes from the Lord of hosts, who is wonderful in counsel and excellent in working.' Cyrus knew not God, and yet he was called and sent by Him to ' break in pieces the gates of brass, and cut asunder the bars of iron and, although ' Alexander the coppersmith ' did Paul ' much evil,' his ability to work in copper was a divine gift. So it is now. The students of the material world are the servants of God, working to realise His purpose, whether they know it or not. Therefore let us welcome them as friends and allies. The Church should be more human and natural, and she needs deeper and wider sympathies. Instead of mingUng with the life of nature and of man, religion has been for ages too much an affair of priesthood and ceremonies. Let her wash seven times in the stream of nature that the leprosy of her narrow ness may be healed for ever. Let her become young, fresh, and again, Looking forth as the morning, fair as the moon, clear as the sun, and terrible as an army with banners.' Religion should say for science, ' Let there be no strife I pray thee, between slv'u' ' a;. . . , , . iiui/U thou goest I will go ; and where thou lodgest I will lodge ; thy people shall be my people, and thy God my God.' " Another cause of fear is the free criticism of our time. But, in the first place, criticism is necessary. As creepers grow up around an ancient tree, encircle the trunk, encumber the boughs, and weave themselves among the branches, so human additions have been made to the Christianity of the New Testament, Arrogant priesthoods, foolish traditions, sense- less ceremonies, unbelievable doctrines, and ' lying wonders,' have disfigured the Gospel of Christ. For the removal of those criticism is needed. Let it tear away the parasites that Absorb the juices of the hide its beauty, and keep from it the influence of the elements. A great winnowing process is being carried on - the strong winds blow, dust and chaff fill the air and dim the light, so that it is difficult to see things as they really are, and some are be wildered by what is taking place. But be assured that the truth shall not disappear. Christ is here for that Nothing worth possess ing shall be lost. When the wind has abated, aud the winnowing is over, and the atmosphere is again clear, the wheat shall be found then on the threshing floor, and the Master will have it gathered into the garner for the use of His household. And again, history is on the side of our religion. The Gospel is no new thing, but has lived for eighteen hundred years. It has seen great empires rise and flourish, sturfible aud fall, and has witnessed the birth and growth, the decay and death, of many systems of philosophy. Unbelief, bold infidelity, tyranny, persecution have spent their strength in their efforts to destroy it. Ten thousand wild waves have rushed upon this rock, and the effect has always been the same ; they came, they fell at its base, and then, broken, shat tered, and foaming, they receded — that is all. So shall it ever be. You can forge no chain strong enough to bind the angel of religion ; ' fetters of brass ' shall be as a silken thread, and this celestial being shall smile at your puny attempts to accomplish the impossible.." 