THE NEW GERMAN LUTHERAN CHURCH. The interesting ceremony of opening the new German Lutheran Church, in Phillip street, was performed on Christmas Day, in the presence of the congregation and a large number of friends and visitors. The church is a neat commodious structure, built of brick, cemented and painted inside. It is sixty feet long, thirty-six feet wide, and the walls are twenty feet high. The roof is lined to a height of five feet from the top of the wall, making the distance from the floor to the centre of the ceiling twenty-five feet. At the front or western end there is a porch ten feet square, and inside at the same end is a fine roomy gallery, extending the whole width of the building, for the use of the choir. The pulpit, made of cedar, is built at the eastern end, about eight feet from the ground, and approached by a flight of steps running parallel with the end wall. Imme- diately below and in front of this is the com- munion table, surrounded by a neat cedar railing. The seats are made of cedar, and are substantial and comfortable. The build- ing is capable of accommodating 600 persons -a great improvement upon the old edifice, which only held 200. The designer and con- tractor is Mr. Broadfoot, who erected it at a cost of £1470. The total cost, however, for the building, fittings, &c.;, is £1800. The workmanship throughout is good, and highly creditable to the contractor. We congratu- late our German friends on their advent to the new church, and hope they will long enjoy the ministrations of their esteemed and indefatigable pastor, who has instructed them for some time past in the old edifice. We noticed that, in addition to the Rev. Mr. Taylor, the Revds. Messrs. J. T. Waraker (Congregational) and W. S. Rathjen (Presbyterian) were present. The ceremony was commenced in the old church, which was tastefully decorated, at half-past 10 in the morning, by singing the 57th hymn ('Seid stille, Sinn und Geist'), which was followed by a prayer and short address from the Rev. Mr. Burghardt. They then sang ' Unsere, Ausgang segne Gott.' After this they proceeded to the new church, headed by a band composed of some of the members of the Light Infantry Company, playing 'Seelenbraeutigam' While they were retiring the choir sang 'Nur mit Jesu will ich pilgern.' On arriving at the new building the congregation sang the hymn commencing, 'Dreieinger, heilger, grosser Gott,' and the Rev. Mr. Burghardt read the first eleven verses of the sixth chapter of the second book of Chronicles, saying a few words in exposition. Mr. Busch then handed him the key, which he received, saying, ' My soul longeth, yea, even fainteth for the courts of the Lord ; my heart and my flesh crieth out for the living God.' Mr Burghardt continued, " I open our new Evangelical Lutheran Church in the name of God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,' and then, turning the key in the door, he said, ' I give the church the name of St Paul and St Luke.' He then opened the door, saying, ' Enter in the name of the Lord, who blessed you before and will bless you after.' While the congregation were being seated (the males being on the right, and the females on the left of the entrance), the choir, consisting of about twenty-five voices, Mr H Groth acting as accompanyist, sang ' Macht hoch das Thor, die Thurenweit,' and the band played ' O selig Haus.' - The effect of the singing was somewhat marred by the confu- sion incidental on the entering of the congre- tion. The elders going to the altar, Mr Holl handed the Bible to the pastor, Mr Linde- meyer the baptismal basin, and Messrs Perina, Wollfgram, and Oestrich, the com munion vessels, which were placed on the table. On the table there had been previously put very pretty imitations of plants in full bloom, one with white and the other with pink flowers. Two lighted tapers were placed at either end of the table ; over it was an engraving of " The Lord's Supper," and above this again, on the front of the pulpit, the words in gilt letters on a black ground, encircled by a wreath in the form of a heart, "Gott ist die Liebe" ("GOD IS LOVE"). After the several vessels had been handed to the pastor, the congregation sang the 83rd hymn, 'Janchzet, ihr Himmel,' at the con clusion of which the choir sang the liturgy and doxology. Mr Burghardt read the first seven verses of the ninth chapter of Isaiah, aad the choir sang the 26th Psalm. The congregation again sang " lch frene mich in dir," and the paster preached a sermon, taking for his text Luke ii, 10 and 11— " And the Angel said unto them, ' Fear not; for, behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy which shall be to all people. For unto you is born this day, in the city of David, a Savior, which is Christ the Lord.' " The theme was " Why is Christ born" ; and the rev. gentleman divided it into two parts first, "To be a light in the darkness," and, secondly, ''To be a continual blessing and joy for all men." The sermon was delivered by Mr Burghardt in a fluent and earnest manner, and was listened to with rapt attention by the huge body of worshippers. At its conclusion prayer was again offered, and the choir sang the Psalm, " Ich willden Herrn loben," and after- wards Kreutzer's celebrated choral, "The Lord's Day". [We regret we have not been able to procure a copy of the sermon, ] The Rev. Mr TAYLOR (Wesleyan) then made a few appropriate remarks. He said he was at a loss as to the character of his address, partly because he had been unable to follow the remarks of their worthy pastor, through his ignorance of the German language. He, however, entered thoroughly into the spirit of the work they were engaged in on that day. One passage of the Scriptures had particu- larly struck him as being applicable at the present time, namely—" Behold, how good and pleasant a thing it is for brethren to dwell together in unity." He hardly knew why the English ministers had been united, unless it was that they (the Germans) desired to show and acknowledge by their action that the English churches were in connection with them in the groat central truths of Christian- ity. He (Mr Taylor)— and he might speak as the representative of other churches in town —showed his sympathy with their work by attending at the service held at the laying of the foundation stone. He now heartily con gratulated them on the successful completion of their scheme. As he listened to their service, although not understanding their language, he could not help taking notice of the heartiness of their worship. He could not restrain the tears of sympathy and thought ot the saying—" One touch of nature makes all men kin." They would doubtless, while being thankful for the new building, often look back with mingled feelings of mel- ancholy and pleasure on, the old church. They would remember it as once their happy home, and would look upon it as their old friend ; they would think of its solemn asso ciations—that it was there they had had their children baptised, and afterwards confirmed and admitted into the membership of the church. These remembrances would evoke regret. But now they had entered into a larger sphere. The new church had much in it that was lovely, light, and beautiful. He would briefly indicate what he considered the ele ments of success required in a Christian church. It must be a living church ; it must be a praying church. To be a successful church, there must be a consistency and union. [The rev. gentleman concluded a practical and appropriate address, of which we are only able to give the bare outlines, by an earnest appeal to the congregation to help their devoted pastor in his arduous work, and by his (Mr. Taylor's) sincere wish for their prosperity.] At the close of Mr. Taylor's address, the congregation sang the last verse of the 34th hymn, and the Rev. Mr Burghardt came down to the communion rail, offered a short prayer, and concluded by pronouncing the benediction. While the congregation was dispersing, the choir sang " Das Kirch lein." Service was also held in the evening of the same day, at which a great number were pre- sent. A collection, amounting to £25 10s 3d, was taken at the morning service. The selections rendered by the choir consisted of some fine pieces of music, the hymns being by the most renowned poetical writers of Germany. It struck us that the harmonium was hardly powerful enough in tone for the size of the building, but we understand that it is con- templated to get an organ. A rather good idea is having black boards on either side of the pulpit with the numbers of the hymns, &c.;, written thereon. A feature we particu- larly noticed was the hearty singing of the congregation. We do not know a place of worship in Toowoomba where the people join in the service of praise so heartily as was done on Christmas Day in the Lutheran Church. We beg again to tender our German friends our hearty congratulations on the possession of their fine edifice, and trust that their respected pastor will long be spared to preach to them the word of life. 