Fair Tipplers. The oxcossivQ Uso of stimulants, hardly to bo tolorated in meu, becomes abso lutely unbearable iu women, uo iucou- sidoruble portiou of whom permit thom- uuirimujo nu uppamng indul gence iu stroug driuk. Tor it is an undeniable fact that when the weaker creature yields bor finer nerves and moro sousitivo organisation to. the insid ious encroachments of a vice which takes only a short while to break up the strongest constitution, hor ruin isjmore speedy und her abasement a thousand times more deplorable than that of her helpmate. Nobody who sees muoh of women can bo ignorant of the altered state of things — that they drink more than thoy used to do. Thoy aro no longer satis fied with a lump of sugar saturated in eau-de Cologne, or a few drops of vola tile spirit in a little of water, already an advanoe upon tho boveragos made by our great-grandmothers out of mul berries cr meadow cowslips. There are now very few young married women, ana even girls in thoir second or third season, who have not habitually re course to liquors containing a propor tion of alchohol to administer a fillip to their jaded nerves, and brace them up afresh for some new tax upon thoir energies. Port, sherry, gin-and-bitters even mixtures of brandy and champagne are made uso of to revive the drooping spirits, and give to the listless beauty the requisite amount of " go " which will enablo her to hold her own in the midst of a crowd of chaffing adorers. And when wo consider for a moment the Jife which women lead in London during several months of tho year, the reason of this degeneration in our mothers and sisters is not without its .< aison d'etre. Lot us follow tho movements, for tho brief space of twelve hours, of a young girl who goes much into sooiety. tiorno wlioro about niuo or ton a.m. she makes her appearance in the morning- room — aftor having jigged about iu a crowdod assombly uutil daybreak — .luuguiu, neavy-eyea, unreirosnod, oy theinatutual tub. Without tho ghost of an appotito sho sits down to an un wholesome meal of spiced oud pepporod dishes, hot rolls,, stroug coffee aud cream. Aftor breakfast — too tired, in all probability, to ride — sho whilos away tho rosy hours until lunch-timo in doiug intricate things with coloured sillts, writing notes, or fluttering tho pages of tho books sent iu from Mudio's. Luncheon is a heavier breakfast, whilo tho addition of wiuo and pastry. A turn or two in the park, lolling back in a barouche, varied by an intorval of shopping iu a West End " emporium " home to afternoon tou, with plenty of swoet cakoB, to destroy tho littlo appe tite created by tho fresh air; another 1 1 spdlloftho dolce far nienta, a languid- . | toiletto, and then dinner. The' real I business of the day begins long after 1 the birds are asledp and tho starB aro . | shining in the sky. A menu in which you | loolcin. vain for plain roast or boilod; | the glare of a soore-of candles; a wiue i for ovory course ; laughtor, excitement, j ooffoo, flirtation, and finally the broug . ham,- in which tlio flushed and feverish ; girl is whirlod away to more hot rooms, tnoro oxoitemont, more champagne; what oaii result from Buoh au unnatural and unhealthy mode of existence but au incronsod craving for dissipation. ' and an impntiont desire to bo relievo-mi from tbo lassitude attending- roactioVyA. by tho abuso of alolioholio stimulants ? This habit, when frequently indulged in, becomes not only ruinous and dis- , organising to au illimitable degroo, but it also engenders greater evils as a . necessary consoquonco. Our pleasant vices generally run m couploB. ine nervous system, periodically oyer- wrought, abandons tho r6le of servant for that of mnstor, and with imperious voice makes ituolf heard calling for other and moro potont distraction. Tho moral faculties lmvo by this time become . obscured, the border-land between right and wrong ceases to bo so clearly de fined ub heretofore, duties and obli gations relax thoir restraining force, . IE Al_ - L — mm.. 1m It amA/Ii f r» w U.I1U, II tauru UU UUjr lUUUlllr instinct "of ovil lurking in the other- < wise pure nature, that one drop of black blood will bo certain to come out into dark relief. ..... ' The courtly and complacant family physician has much to answer for by hiB tacit acquiescence in a great and in-nunnrr auU. Nnr ia the humbler t> - — - . — . iructitionor a whit moro open ana, lonest, but invariably Bhows himself too weak or 4,too interested to run coun ter to tlio desires of his wo men patients manifestly leaning to wards such agreeable remedies for ner vous depression as crusted port and vin mousscux, and only waiting for fbo authority of tbo doctor to indulge in thorn oponly in the presence of fathers and husbands. It is difficult, if not impossible, for these gentlemen to tako tho bull by the horns. Every man is not gifted with tbo brutal frankness of an Abernetliy. It is a hard task to vnnlrA iir\ ATI f»'a millfl frt fftll fltl 1 flTl Mild i-UtWLU »l j/ wuw w o lady, whoso maid stands beside her bathing hor temples with Hungary water as sho reclines upon the boudoir sofa, that tho real remedy for his dis order is not to be found in the wine glass, but in helping Mary tbo house maid to shake tho hods, and in running up and down stairs to answer the nursery bell, thereby running the risk of offonding an aristocratic patient and jeopardising the brougham of the future. Yet, Jif medical mon were less given to order stimulants for almost every feminine derangement, and were to impress upon women tho vital import ance of exercise and tho hoalthfulness of drin kiug in doop draughts of tho pure morning air, there would he many more youug cheeks blooming without rouge „ rl %.>-« - anvloo- ltt«nl>AUcl gfoina ' to his chambers or counting-house witlr a lighter heart. 