The commemoration to-day 'by every episcopal church in tlie two hemispheres of tlie anniversary festival of tlie birfcli of tlie Prince of Peace — a festival in which probably no fewer than, sixty millions of the human race take an active, and twice as many a passive part — stands forth as a «volimie£speaking fact to the solidity and stability of the faith which was sealed by the innocent blood of the Mes senger from Heaven on Calvary about 1844 years ago; and however much we may regret the divisions and often enough repeated animosities that have arisen within the Christian camp, prompted in part by worldly ambition, unworthy of the aim and object of the Pounder, and in part by narrow-minded zeal or blind en thua^sn^ ^ve catm^fc but rejoice that the brojftl pri^ipesfof qur religion are alike and '^Tthliesifatingly acknowledged by Catholics and Anglicans, Greeks and Presbyterians, and all the denominations which date their existence from John Wesley and his contemporaries ; and, without predicting a niilleiiium, we may well meet- with courage the future, when we look back to the past and note that during the last fifty years nearly all the barriers which hemiiied in free discussion and earnest inquiry are now, almost in every land save Russia, removed. But it is not the religious aspect of this great festival which most directly appeals to us, although we do not quite agree with the PresbyteM&ns; and the maj ority of English dissenters, -wlio have publicly declared it a ' human invention, savouring; too much of papistical will worship.' It is the social, and its in fluence upon family relations can scarcely be overrated. What man or woman ex ists who does^not on every recurring Cnristmas day conjure up at least one especially pleasing, perhaps superlatively happy, memory of on© of its pa&jlepessors;, though he ov she shall have to w&q.der; back amidst , the -dim shades of earliest : youth, erstwhile so bright and fascinat ing? What were childhood without Christmas '? What an enormous amount of innocent pleasure would not parents lose, did not they read in the sparkling eyes and smiling faces of their offspring a joy which no other period of the year can bring? Who is there among us who has not. on some . previous day like this in his heart of hearts endorsed, if not openly avowed, h.is belief in the heavenly mission of Him who came to V ' save the fallen.' and bring ' peace on earth ?' ' Disputations about dog-mas and absurd hairsplitings of theories, the which rarely if ever affect the main question, have done much to alienate many who were born within the pale of the church, but with vevv few exceptions indeed they still hail Christinas as the most pleasant season of the year ; and whether they as sociate with it the frosty and ice-bound ' tight little island,' or our own more genial climate, they are us a.whole happier and better men for the remembrance, and | this is in itself au immense boon. At no time, at no place, under no cir cumstances, is the difference between the old country and Australia so strongly felt as when the jubilant chimes announce that another anniversary of tlie Saviour's birth [has dawned. There midwinter, here midsummer; there overcast skies or , the whirling flakes of snow, here a clear blue heaven and a probably scorching sun ; there the sparkling fire in the grate or the more reverenced and honoured yule-log 011 its enormous iron horses, here the shadiest nook one can find and a gasp ing cry for ice ; there the illuminated Christmas tree, here a mere ghost of the sam e ; there the enticing mistletoe in hall or drawingroom, here — nothing of . the sort. But what need to draw parallels, so long as one bond remains unbroken — that bond which knits tog-ether all hearts bowing before the same universal religion which Christ preached, and which teaches us to look with confidence up to the throne where sits the Mediator who laid down his life for us ? Trifle as we may in every day life with things holy,' let us not forget that but for the stout resistance of a few earnest men in German v and En.--- i/ O land about 4o0 years ago, the knowledge of the sciptures, now so extended, would have been limited to a few, and the tenets now laid open to full and impartial in spection, mere speculative interpretations of a conclave of zealots or impostors. And let us be thankful for this, for after all it is the basis upon which our social fabric rests, the very keystone to domestic feli city, and the moral lever which enables man to exchange with man, as we do now with our readers, the ancient and time honored. salutation : A Mepjiy Christmas ani- a Happy New Year. ? 4, ? : ? As Mr. Leary himself intimates to our readers this morning, having accepted office in the new Government, he is obliged, in obedience to a very silly con- stitutional practice, to seek confirmation of this act from his constituents. We are therefore to have a ministerial elec- tion. So far as the Gundagai and Coota- mundra districts are concerned, there will be no opposition brought against his return; the electors, we feel sure, are highly pleased that Mr. Leary has had entrusted to him so important an office as that of Minister for Justice and Edu- cation. But it is difficult to say what some portion of our neighbours at Wagga will or will not do under the circum- stances. The interests of the country are as nothing compared with the outraged feelings of Mr.Leary's enemies in Wagga; and they apparently don't see or don't care to see the difference between voting for Mr. Leary as a private member and as a Minister. In all fairness, the new Ministry should have a trial; and if condemned at all, let them be condemned by the House, which represents the whole country; and not by a majority of electors in a single constituency, as if they represented the country as a whole. We print below extracts from the Wagga papers to show how the wind blows there: and we trust that the sentiments of the Advertiser will weigh with the in- telligent electors of Wagga. The Express says: — Mr. Leary can hardly be surprised if he meets with op- position at the ensuing election. He threw down the glove rather too defiantly at the declaration of the poll to expect any other result, and he will, of course, be quite prepared for it. Opposition to Ministers cannot, as a rule, be commended, but apart from Mr. Leary's particular self-sufficiency when referring to his victory, it must be remembered that such victory is attributable in a large measure to chance. There are numbers of electors who were far too sincere in their opposition to him as a simple member ever to think of mildly accepting him as a Minister. The uselesssness of Mr. Leary's political career might have been overlooked, as well as his problematical usefulness in that higher state of Parliamentary life, to which it has pleased Mr. Farnell to call him. But a body of electors possessing average intelligence certainly cannot stand being taken to task by man of Mr. Joseph Leary's mental calibre - and taken to task too because they had the common sense to vote against him. Success makes many men rather silly, and it is quite likely that our re- presentative's head goes round when an extra turn of Mother Fortune's wheel lands him luck. Mr. Leary ranted because he was opposed before— now that he is well nigh smothered with ministerial rose leaves, he will pro- bably weep his regret at the hardness of the Murrum- bidgee heart, which won't regard Mr. Joseph Leary as he regards himself. But it would be far more than human being, framed of Mr. Leary's pattern, could ever stand. We are at least certain of one thing. If Mr. Leary be defeated it will teach him civility; if he be successful, he certainly cannot be more blatant than on the last occasion that he aired his grievances. The following is the per contra of the Advertiser: — Mr. Leary has accepted office in the new Ministry, formed by Mr. Farnell, as Minister for Justice, and he will therefore have to again solicit the suffrages of the electors of the Mumimbidgee. We had no hesitation some time since in severely criticising the political con- duct of Mr. Leary, and his supinenes and want of energy in furthering and advocating the interests of this district, and we believe, in consequence of our remarks, he is far more alive at present to our wants and requirements and more desirous of better representing us in Parliament. We regard the mere fact of his joining Mr. Farnell as an indication of his determination to steer in future an independent course in politics, and not become the blind ally of an obsolete party struggling for place and power. It is rumoured that a strong opposition will be brought against him when he offers himself for re-election; but, although party feeling may run high, we can hardly believe the public will so far sacrifice their own interests as to in any way hinder the present Ministry from pro- ceeding at once with the legislation of the colony. For the past three years the country has been almost strangled by effete administration, and it seemed almost impossible to shift the reins of power from the hands of Sir Henry Parkes or Sir John Robertson. One end has been achieved at any rate, in that fresh blood has been imported into the Ministry, and though we do not argue that the Cabinet, as at present constituted, is strong in its entirety, it may gain strength as it matures, and cause a re-action to set in in the Government of the colony. Viewing the dangers that beset us through the want of legislation, aware of the absolute necessity of Electoral Reform and a settlement of the land question, we hope the action of the present Ministry will not be fettered or hampered by any factious opposition brought against any of its mem- bers. It is entitled to a fair trial, at any rate, and we hope the same will be manfully and honourably accorded to it. Upon these grounds we therefore appeal to the good sense and foresight of the community, to smother all petty differences on this occasion, and for the public weal throw no obstacles in the way of the administration of public affairs, and the resuscitation of the colony from its pre- sent stagnant and inactive state. 