LIVELY PREACHING. (ft.om the satckoav heview.) There lias always been a great complaint of the dulness of sermons, and it must be admitted that, as a general rule, it is not without foundation. The difficulty is, that the ordinary subjects of discourse are essen tially of a grave and solemn character, and that this naturally affects the manner of treating them. On the whole, however, it may perhaps be doubted whether it is alto gether a sound objection to sermons that they are dull, or whether real sermons can be otherwise—that is, dull in the sense of being confined to religious instruc tion and exhortation, and not directed to the mere entertainment or amusement of an audience. A church is, under its natural conditions, not a place for recreation in any form, hut for the cultivation of a state of mind which requires, in order that justice should be done to it, a certain degree of seri ous attention and reflection. There are, however, some lively preachers, and with different kinds of liveliness. There are some who, by their earnestness, eloquence, aud impressive power of demonstration, can keep their hearers deeply interested without in any way deviating from the gravity of their task ; while there arc others, like Mr Spurgcon and Mr Moody, who make a point of being funny, and who are not very particular how far they push their jokes. There is also another class who, without descending to such vulgar expe dients, aim at securing popularity by a choice of topics which deal not with the doc trines of religion in its ordinary sense, but with questions of the day in which there are openings for familiar talk and pungent re marks, and for introducing matters of more immediate worldly interest than the usual substance of pulpit deliverauces. Within the last week or two a story has been going the round of the papers as to a well-known clergyman, who, in giviug notice of the subject of a future sermon, either did not speak very distinctly, or at least was not distinctly heard, so that the congregation went away uuder the impression that they were to have a rich treat in a sermon on "The Sanitary Aspects of Hell." The preacher had already shown his cleverness in dealing with such questions by the way in which lie had some time before disposed of the Devil, aud there was therefore mueli cariosity to hear his views on another side of a question which has a great fasci nation for many people. There was ac cordingly a large attendance at the ap pointed time, and much disappointment was caused when it became known that a misap prehension had occurred, and that the sub ject of the sermon was not wli.it it was expected to be, but the more prosaic question of the "Spiritual Aspects of Health." This story is a small one in itself, but it illustrates the tastes of a certain class of eharch-goers, which naturally have an effect on the habits of preachers. There are a great many people who, apart from any keen religious enthusiasm, like to go to church. It is a break in the monotony of what to them is apt to be a dull day, and it is not everybody who can console himself at home with the <or UdCn J.ifc. There is usually something more or less exhilarating in the sense of being in a multitude, and this is felt in church as elsewhere, while tiie appearance of the congregation, including the costumes of the ladies, is also not without interest for certain minds. From timetotimea discussion springs up as to Sunday amusements, ami there can he no doubt that some kinds of religious service are included in the category. Some people, overlooking the meaning anil spirit of religious symbolism, go simply for the sake of seeing a brilliant display of vestments and other decorations, and of bearing good music, which supplies them with much the same sense of gratilication as they lind at a theatre, ami which they would probably seek at a theatre if any were open on a Sunday. There is another class, which does not care for such things, but desires to be tickleil and amused during the period of what is supposed to be divine sen-ice. They do not object to morning prayer, if it is only a prelude to a smart and stirring discourse ; and, indeed, they rather like it as an appear ance of respectable piety. Jlut what these people go for is the sermon, if sermon it can be called, and the highest praise which thev can bestow on a preacher to their taste is to say that he is "as good as a play.'" The relation between supply and demand is thus observable in the clerical as in other pro fessions : and a tendency is evidently developing to provide services which, while conforming to the external aspects of re ligious worship, shall lie of a more stirrin" and entertaining kind for people of the world. One distinguished preacher of this class, observing that his hearers were getting rather tired of the llihle, took to the modern poets, whose works were found more piquant when recited from the pulpit ; aud it is satisfactory to think that, having done Shelley and others, lie has still Swinhurn in reserve. We find in a less daring shape something of the same kind in a volume of sermons and lectures which Mr llaweis has jnst published. Of course it is not called sermons, for that is rather an unpopular title. Current Coin takes it out of the ordi nary rut and excites curiosity. The cover is adorned with scattered coins of various kinds, and there is a quotation, not from the I'salms, hut from the Laureate, at tiie head of the preface. The author of this volume does not pretend to much originality in its composition, and acknowledges very frankly that the materials have lieen obtained from well-known books. In fact, the discourses are, when read, obviously crude and super ficial : hut it is easy to imagine that in delivery they are agreeable to a congregation such as we have described. It is not so much what the speaker lias to say, which is olten commonplace ami empty, as liis way of saying it, that gives point to these ad dresses which arc collectively termed "pulpit discourses and platform speeches," though there is no means of distinguishing one from the other. They are all. in fact" lectures, aud not, in the ordinary sense, sermons at all. Indeed the main object seems to be to get rid of the ordinary topics and conditions of sermons, and to lead the congregation into fresh woods and pastures new, much more refreshing than stale Scriptural dogmas ; ami rather to amuse and enliven than to edify uier.i in any serious way. "Materialism" is the first'subject we come to in Current Coin, and this, as is well known, is cue of those questions which a large nnmber of people, being as a rule ignorant of what is really meant, approach with a curious feeling of mingled alarm and a sense of a seductive temptation. They are rather afraid of it, as of a ghost; bat tliey would like to see whether there is not, after all, something in it This is a common frame of mind at the present day, not only about this question but about many similar ones, such as Spiritualism. There is a feverish and morbid love of loose speculation which leads many persons to take an interest in matters which to them seem delightfully mysterious, and beyond the ordinary prosaic experiences of the world. In this wav they enjoy at once not only the gratification of an idle and unwholesome enriositv. hut a sense of elation at their superiority over other people which they fancy they derive from their familiarity with these great problems. In Current Coin the appetite for this kind of stimulant is cleverly appealed to. The authur acknowledges that what he lias to say about materialism is " little more than an attempt to give a still wider cur rency ' to .Mr Martincau's speculations on this subject; but any one who turns to Mr Martineau s articles will see at once the dif ference between the deep concentrated study, and carefully stated conclusions, of that wud the vague, scrappy, aud super ficial mystification which is here made of this subject Mr Haweis also says that he has "used freely Bain, Herbert Spencer Maodsley, Buchner.G. Lewis, Croll, Crookes' A- l'icton, and others," just as if lie had their works at his fingers' ends ; lint his detacbtd fragmentary quotationsfrom scientific writers and his vague summary of what he supposes to be their views, certainly do not seem to show that he has any thorough acquaintance with the subject. Mr Haweis accuses the clergy generally of trying to shut their eyes against the dangerous tendencies of modem science, and of being afraid to come forward boldly to combat them ; hut it may be doubted whether much is gained by such loose and confused language as is here em ployed on the subject. He puts the case be tween himself and the men of science in the form of a conversation, in which of course he has, as he flunks, the best of it In a public address this method of disposing of an adver sary might have some chance of success from the glib confident manner in which it would he delivered; hut when printed in a hook its shallowness becomes at once apparent There is also something equivocal in the preacher's use of the word " Spiritualism " as opposed to " Materialism." As meaning an abstract theory, the word is 110 doubt justifiable enough: hut it is nowadays usually connected with the operations of those who profess to he in communication with invisible spirits, and to be able to bring them down to earth, and Mr Haweis, whether he means it or not, seems to give some countenance to these [pretensions. He expresses, for in stance, an opinion that "many of the miraculous phenomena reported in the Old and Xcw Testaments hear the closest resem blance and nlhnitv to the alleged phenomena of modern Spiritualism and he adds that "the important question is, not so much whether or no the dead are trying to com municate—although that is of course import ant—but whether the phenomena witnessed prove the possibility of intelligence of some kind, human or otherwise, living and acting upon matter without the brain and nervous system, declared by physiologists to be in dispensable to the very existence of any in telligence." And then he goes on to say, "This is the real reason why modern Spiri tualism cannot get a hearing with most scien tific incn." Tiie truth is, of course, that, as the matter stands, it is purely a question of scientific research, and the Spiritualists, while alleging the existence of certain physical marvels, produce no evidence which can be adequately tested. Again, in a sermon on the Devil, Mr'Haweis expresses, not exactly his belief, but his readiness to believe, in good and evil spirits operating in the world ; and, after a jninhle of remarks about the " mighty intluences of dyna mic power," " the strange and subtle vibrations of heat rays," electricity and "its curious connection with nerve force, of which it may be only one subtle modifica tion," he suggests that " some such agency as that, being controlled and directed by i external intelligence, may be used as an in- J strument for setting up brain waves, and creating in the mind impulses and thoughts." He does not distinctly state at what conclu sion he himself arrives, hut vaguely remarks that " modern Spiritualism offers to produce intelligence of some kind, acting upon matter ami yet unconnected with a brain and a nervous system and that, if this could he proved, "God is conceivable." It cannot be said that this random way of discussing a question depending on exact evidence and scientific knowledge is likely to have a bene ficial effect on the minds which are influenced by it. What the preacher seems to he doiug is to excite the imagination while confusing the mind as to the conditions on which logical and reasonable conclusions can be obtained. He even goes out of his way to speak a good word for that horrible print, the Police Xeics, simply because "whatever there is unwhole some about it, through it the imagination is exercised, and the people forget themselves." He is also in favor of Moody and Sankcy, though be thinks some of their doctrines to he untmc and absurd, because they can move the people. Another characteristic re mark is that " many of us arc beginning to feel that the religious worship of the future will be different in fashion from any of our received and time- honored forms," and that, iu his opinion, " it docs not seem to matter much what the form is." lie has, he states, "learned to be almost as liappy in the Ro man, Greek, or Jewish churches as in the Protestant." It may be doubted whether efforts of this kind to excite a feverish and restless curiosity as to mysterious problems, to start the mind 011 delusive trains of thought, and destroy that habit of quiet sober reflectioriwliich is the necessary basisof fixed principles, can he included in the cate gory, cither of sound religious instruction or of sound instruction of auy kind. 