ARRIVAL OF THE ENGLISH MAIL. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] The R M.S.S. Bangalore arrived at Glenelg on Thursday evening. The following are the letters of our European correspondents transmitted by telegraph from Adelaide : HISTORY OF THE MONTH. (FROM OUR OWN 00BUE3P0NDENT.I LONDON. FEB 10. THE FALL OF MIDHAT PASHA. The break-up of the Constantinople) Conference caused excitement for a brief space. It seemed as if nothing more remained to be said or done. The newspapers were dall, and the statesmen and politicians of Europe were all silent It appeared to be a question who should speak the first word on a subject that we all knew to be interminable. There was an underground movement somewhere, but the most attentive could not for the moment detect the volcanic Hounds. Sudden there came the announcement that Midhat Paull's,, the Grand Vizier, the reform- ing genius of Turkey, the soul of the new constitution, the energetic champion who had resisted alike the solicitations and throats of the plenipotentiaries, was himself dismissed from office, and on exile on the seas. The fall of Midhat Pasha is an event before which diplomacy may well pause in its final decision. The mere announcement of the fact caused consternation amongst the partisans of Turkey. It seemed like the residing at a stroke of the new constitution, the sudden banishment of its author, and though the causes were obscure, the consequences appeared certainly disastrous. The critics of Turkey saw in the whole transaction but another proof of the ineradicable vicaR of Turkish government, and the impossibility of reforms being carried out without external aid. " All that is now wanted," said the Russian Gofos, "ia patience and waiting is not difficult since war is impossible with a state which will perish quicker by the effects of its internal crises than through a foreign army, Late information somewhat modified these first feelings, but took nothing from the dramatic character of the surprise. The last version we have received is Midhat'a own statement as made to a friend in Constantinople. We are told that on the morning of 5th February Midhat Pasha received a summons to the palace, which he immediately obeyed. On his arrival he was shown into a room outside the palace itself, which was at once surrounded by soldiers previously held in readiness. The First Chamberlain of the Sultan demanded from him the seals of office, showed him a report signed by the Minister of Police, affirming that some person had been heard to state can cafe that Midhat Pasha was plotting to de- pose the Sultan, and to substitute in his stead a republic, with himself as president Midhat Pasha treated the accusation with contempt. The Chamberlain after a short absence informed his highness that it was the Sultan's pleasure that he should leave the country at once on board a yacht, which was lying opposite the palace with steam up, giving him at the same time the following message from His Majesty :-" Do not be cast down. I hope soon to see you back again, but consider that at present your absence is desirable for the good of the country.'' Midhat Pasha then asked permission to send a servant for clothes and money, which was granted. While he was away the fallen Grand Vizier was conveyed to the steamer's a boat, accompanied by a guard of several officers. In a short time the servant returned, bringing £150, which was all he could collect in the bone on the spur of the moment This information being conveyed to the Sultan, he ordered £500 more to be sent The yacht then steamed round- the seraglio point to Room Kapoo, to allow his highness to take his heavier luggage on board and to communicate with some members of his family, and the steamer left in the afternoon-with strict orders not to touch at any intermediate ports-for Brindisi. Such is Midhat'a own account, and it agrees in the main with the other facts, though the statement regarding the Sultan, who is said to have wept like a child as the yacht steamed out of the harbour, must remain doubtful. A special despatch from Peru to the Pall Mall Gazette gives some other particulars, with variations in the story. According to this authority the cause of Mtdhat's fall dates from some time back. From the first the imperious character of Midhat clashed with the firmness of the Sultan, whose liberal views went far ahead of Midhat'a. The constitution disappointed the Sultan by the multiplicity of its reserves and qualifications, and many warm discussions occurred between Sovereign and Minister. The Sultan desired to introduce largely the foreign element into the Turkish Administration, and especially to employ Englishmen in loading positions in all departments. His Majesty expressed this desire to Midhat Pasha very strongly on several occasions, and last week took him sternly to task for not having acted upon it. Midbat replied curtly, and wrote Subsequently to the Sultan in undeferen- , tral terms. On Friday the Sultan sent for Midhat, but the summons was not obeyed. On Saturday Midhat remained at home on the plea of indisposition. On Sun day a third summons was disobeyed, but Midbat attended the Ministerial Council in the afternoon. Meanwhile the police discovered a secret correspondence which showed that Midhat was plotting for the overthrow of the Sultan, and his own nomination as dictator. On the Monday morning a peremptory summons brought Midhat to the palace, suspecting nothing. On entering he was arrested, and his letters were laid before him. There was no gainsaying the evidence against him, and Midhat pleaded for mercy. A Council of Ministers was called, and Midhat was offered his choice of leaving the country or of being arraigned before the tribunal on the charge of high treason. The letters found disclosed that 3,000 TJletnas were to have gone to the palace to demand the abdication of the Sultan. This charge of conspiracy figures Seas conspicuously a later letters, and appears since to have been allowed to drop out of sight Midhat'a friends protest that it is a scandalous invention. The official announcement of the Grand Vizier's dismissal bases the measure on Article 113 of the Constitution, relating to the power of the Sultan to oxpelfrom the country all persons recognised as endangering the Safety of the state. This article in reality relates to a state of siege, and cannot be stretched with any show of reason to cover the arbitrary banishment of Midhat Pasha. Another curious official statement represents the Grand Vizier as violating his own constitution by claiming an excess of powers. We are assured that the Sultan, in his desire for the improvement and prosperity of his subjects, having voluntarily proclaimed the constitution guaranteeing all his subjects equality of rights, and substituting constitutional government for absolute government, it was the duty of all functionaries to con- form to the spirit of the new charter ; but that Midhat, on the contrary, evinced a tendency incompatible with this, and desired to re-establish the absolute rule which the Sultan had at his own instance abolished. The well informed pro- Turkish correspondent of the Daily Telegraph given, probably, the true solu- tion, when he says that Midhat Pasha's down- fall was due to the alarm of the Sultan, caused by the indiscretion of several Midhat Pasha's followers, and by the vast changes which the developments of the new constitution involved, curtailing, as they did, His Majesty's power and patronage, and placing official PPPOÍatmenta in the hands of the reformers, thereby bringing about dismissals in every direction, and the consequent discontent of man; palace favourites, naturally loth to give up their appointments. The Sultan imagined that the whole of these innovations were simply the visible progress of a great plot to deprive him of his authority. It would carry me far beyond my limits to repeat a tenth of the speculations which this event has occasioned. There are those who regard Midhat Pasha-and Prince Bismarck seems to be among them as the greatest | genius of Turkey. There are others- and the correspondent of the Daily News, whose letters have had so large an influence in this Eastern question, is one of them-who hold him to have been an ambitious, intriguing man, whose dismissal removes the chief obstacles to a satisfactory settlement. Some few of the most excellent admirers of the last Grand Vizier, who had identified him with the cause of Turkey as against Russia, ascribed his downfall to the intrigues of General Ignatieff. This view was taken by the Hungarian press, A monstrous story has been put into circulation, to the effect that 20 days before the dismissal the Sultan called the Grand Vizier, and told him that he had been offered (through a firm of well-known bankers here the sum of two million pounds to displace him, by the representative of a power which has always shown the greatest hostility to Midhat, and whose interest it was to displace him at any cost "But," said the Sultan, knowing your fidelity to me, and your devotion to the throne and your country, I have refused, and always shall refuse, any such proposals, to the induce- ment offered what it may." Unfortunately, the representative of this power who tried to bribe the Sultan with two millions was successful in corrupting his Ministers with a tenth of this sum. Crcdat Jtukas. Cut the story shows to what extent the craft of the arched may be surpassed in popular estimation by General Ignatieff. THE NEW GRAND VIZIER. The removal of Midhat Pasha, although accomplished without disturbance, was as much surprise in Constantinople as elsewhere. The telegram of the Daily Telegraph correspondent, through an Englishman who witnessed the incoming of his successor, gives a vivid idea of the Oriental nature of the catastrophe. He says "This morning, about 11 o'clock, the news was spread that Midhat Pasha had been summoned to the presence of the Sultan by a hasty message. The next thing which betokened the astounding change impending in the Government was the sound of trumpets heard from a column of troops crossing the bridge of boats over the Golden Horn to take possession of the streets leading to the offices of state. The armed body marched into the enceinte, and proceeded to occupy and line the staircase leading to the apartments of the Grand Vizier, Very shortly an enormous crowd collected upon the spot, made up of Turkish officers, townsmen, European idlers, and others, among whom the rumour was current that a new Vizier had been appointed. The audience room, meantime, at the top of the staircase, was filled with Pashas Boys, and Effendi, all engaged in animated conversation, discussing the rea. BOAR for the extraordinary course which events had taken outside. The equally excited crowd was kept in order by the fixed bayonets of the troops. The band stationed in the great square struck up the Turkish National Anthem, at the DeBt notes of which the people cheered loudly. The officials inside immediately crowded to the windows, anxious to discover by his approach who the new Prime Minister was to be. The emotion at this moment was remarkable. Generals, diplomatists, secretaries were all mingled with the common crowd, waiting to learn by eyesight the unknown personage who was to replace the great reformer. At this moment, through a passage formed by the military and police, Edhem Pasha made his appearance, thereby announcing himself as Grand Vizier. He was closely followed by the Sheik Al Islam, wear, ing the gold turban of his office, and by the Sultan's secretary, having the ribbon of the Medjidie. Edhem Pasha was in full dress, with gold braided coat and all his orders and insignia. Directly he had entered the building, the Imperial batt confirming his nomina- tion was presented to him. He kissed it twice, and stood up while the secretary read in a loud voice the terms of the Sultan's decree. When this was finished, the Sheik Al Islam offered up a prayer, amid deep responses from those around, after which all the officials pressed forward to present their congratulations to the new Premier. Subsequently, an informal council of state was convened, the principal business of which seemed to be sitting round and Brooking pipes of astonishment and contemplation, The great question, of course, is what effect this change may have upon the policy and prospects of the Turkish empire. The Salton, with whatever private reserves, has Os- ten tat iouBiy proclaimed his adherence to the constitution of which Midhat was the framer. The Ministry includes some of the ablest and most highly educated and experienced men in Turkey. In the manifesto announcing their appointment His Imperial Majesty re- commends to the DOW Grand Vizier in the most pressing manner the speedy and complete development of the Coast! tion and the carrying out of all the laws and administrative institutions applicable to the provinces. Edhem Pasha, at his first reception of officers of the Porte, as well as the charge d'affaires of the foreign powers, spoke in the same sense, and assured every one of Turkey's desire to carry out the reforms already commenced. The new Grand Vizier was, till summoned to the conference, the Turkish ambassador at Berlin, and was regarded there as a Turk of Turks. It is not the first time he has held office at home. For 20 years he was Minister of Public Works, of Commerce, of Instruc- tion, and of Agriculture, and to him is as cribed the chief hand in the establishment of the existing railways. It was he who, when speaking on the Bulgarian massacres at the recent conference, offended the French ambassador by appealing to the recollection of St Bartholomew's Day and the dragon' andes to show that things as had had been done by other nations, which had yet survived to attain a high degree of civilisation. THE LAST OF THE CONFERENCE, We have received full and dramatic reports of the sitting of the Grand Council, by which it was determined to reject the proposals of the plenipotentiaries, but they add nothing essential to the account transmitted by the last mail. Midhat Pasha was the central figure, his energy masked with an imperturbable impartiality. The ninth and last meeting of the conference was held the next day, January 20, and considering the gravity of the issues unsettled at its termination it may be well here to recall what then took place. The protocols, which first reached us from German sources, supply authoritative statements. Saf vet Pasha read the reply of the Porte. He asked whether it would be just to impose upon Turkey now one of the harshest forms of foreign intervention. He pleaded that to make the delegates of foreign representatives take part in the exercise of sovereign authority would place the Imperial Government in a position of suspicion towards its own subjects, and that it would be to place Turkey in a position unexampled in the world, and inferior to that of its own vassals, The true guarantees were those arising from the institutions spontaneously granted by the Sultan, and in the interest which the Government had in rendering its subjects ! prosperous and contented. He then referred to the decision of the Grand Council against the acceptance of the two ¡ controverted points. The Porte on its park proposed two elected commissioners under two chief commissioners, to be functionaries nominated by itself. The differences between them were now, he urged, reduced to a trifling matter, and he trusted, that the guaranteeing powers would not maintain the points to which Turkey found it impossible to subscribe. General Ignatieff took the lead in the proceedings which followed. He asked why Turkey had agreed to the conference, if she was not prepared to make the necessary concessions. Lord Salisbury said that the independence of the commission was the condition of its efficiency. It was not to ascertain the kindly intentions of the Government, nor to register projects for improving the proceedings of the central power, that the conference of the powers met at Constantinople. Its task was to establish administrative autonomy, and Bound guarantees against bad administration in the revolted provinces. From the moment that a refusal of such guarantees should be officially established its mission was ended, and its existence could no further be prolonged. General Ignatieff followed at greater length, speaking this time in a more threatening strain. He said the Government of the Sultan, by finally disappointing the unanimous desires of Europe had changed the character of its relations with the great powers, and visited the loss, as Lord Salisbury pointed out, of its right to demand the support and advantage of the guarantee which it had acquired by treaties. It had thus assumed the entire responsibility for the consequences: He thought this duty to declare that if after the present rupture of negotiations hostilities with Servia and Montenegro the return of which the powers had it in view to prevent-were renewed, or if the security of the Christians were seriously compromised in the internal provinces, or in one of the towns of the coasts, the Imperial Government which he had the honour to re- present would consider such an eventuality as a provocation to Europe. He could not avoid adding that certain warnings, addresses, and petitions had been presented to the conference, praying it to take into consideration the situation of other provinces of Tnikey-Theaaaly, Epirus, and Crete where an organisation defective inform had not been even thus honestly applied by the Ottoman authorities. These complaints could not be passed over in silence, and faithful to the desire of their Governments tomaintainpeace in the East, the plenipotentiaries must call the most serious attention of the Porte to the situation of all the Christian populations of the empire, urging it not to wait for the miraculous effects of a roughly sketched constitution, the advantages of which could in no case be felt, even if it were perfect, till it had been for some time conscientiously carried out before taking effective steps to save humanity the spectacle of the renewal of the tragic occurrences which had made the civilised world shudder with indignation. Safvet Push a made no set reply to this new but informal ultimatum. Count Zichy subsequently pointed out that even the present offer of the Porte were less than it promised by accepting the Andrassy note, but Safvet Pasha explained that the Porte did not understand the note in the sense attributed to it. He added spontaneously that the Ottoman Government was disposed to effect the beat reforms, and that the reforms once put in force would give to the provincial administration the character which the plenipotentiaries of the six powers bad in view. These, he said, were solid guarantees to the plenipotentiaries of the six powers, and there was no occasion to continue the discussion. Thus ended the Conference of Constantinople. The departure of the ambassadors was delayed for a day or two by a storm of great violence which raged in the Bosphorus. The plenipotentiaries and the residentiary ambassadors, all, however, withdrew from the capital during the next week. General Ignatieff has returned by way of Vienna to St. Petersburgh. Lord Salisbury, after visiting Athena, reached London just in time for the opening of Parliament. THE RUSSIAN ARMY. The question now occupied all Europe The next step, what would it be? Statesmen and diplomatists were silent The winds of rumour found not an atom of news, and the general mind, after the extreme tension of the previous few weeks, seemed to collapse into a state almost of indifference. But Russia was already committed to action. What would she do? It devolved upon her to speak the next word. At last it came in the form of a circular from Prince Gortschakoff. This despatch was a concise recapitulation of the events and negotiations of the last year. It described the present state of things as an aggravation of former evils, and concluded by asking what of further steps the guaranteeing powers were prepared to take. Beyond this point we have not advanced. Whether as regards Turkey or as regards Russia, whether in the interests of the oppressed races, or for the sake of checking the supposed ambitions which the most pacific of Czars cannot control, the wisest statesmanship must be now directed towards preserving the European concert already established. But how far this can be carried, and in what practical measures may result are probably questions in the solution of which the proverbial unfore- seen " will have a large part Among the curious falsifications of recent history must be numbered the reports assiduously circulated as to the condition of the Russian army. We have heard much as to the defects of its mobilisation, as to mutiny and discontent in its ranks, and as to the ravages of disease. The conciliatory attitude of General Ignatieff, at Constantinople, was ascribed to his knowledge of these facts. We have now, however, authentic in formation. The Russian army is ready. Even the correspondent of the Standard speaks of it was in splendid condition. The Daily News has despatched a special correspondent to the head-quarters of the troops at Eischenk. He writes that " all the reports about officers and men being discos sented are the purest nonsense. The soldiers have good quarters, often among friends and relations, plenty to eat, and generally too much to drink. The roads have been frozen hard, enabling the whole army infantry, artillery, and camby to exercise for health regu- larly," He does not see how the army can reach the Danube under a month from declaration of war. But in another letter he states that very thing is ready for the army to take the field at a moment's notice. "thousand horses have been bought for the train, a bridge for crossing the Danube, boats, barges, steam launches, and torpedo boats to operate against the Turkish gun boats have been provided. Mosses of ammuni- tion of all kinds are heaped up. Long trains of railway waggons are standing in sidings at every state as well as here, awaiting the word which shall set them all moving. Nothing, in short, seems wanting. The bridge having here is capable of passing the whole army over the Danube in one day. There are enough boats to put a small army over the Danube. There are 13 enormous steam launches large enough to cross the Atlantic, two large barges, seven smaller boats, five torpedo-boats, and masses of other things, showing that everything is looked after to the smallest detail." As regards the numbers of the army, the same authority gives the following particulars :-" Six corps have been mobilised besides the army of the Caucasus, numbering 05,000 men. This makes altogether about 275,000, with 600 guns. Of this force, two corps (the 7th and 12th) ore at Odessa and at Sebastopol, four viz., the 8th, 9th, 10th, and 11th, are in Bessarabia The army, therefore, which would be the first to move against the Turks numbers 120,000 men, with 8,000 cavalry, 72 batteries of artillery, and 720 guns ready for action in European Turkey, without counting the army of the Caucasus, which would probably operate against Asiatic Turkey. The Grand Duke Nicholas is still unable to return to his duties as Commander-in-chief." " STATE OF BULGARIA. The TUVHB are infusing on energy into their projects of reform unknown at rang previous period of their history. The new Parliament, it the Fates permit, is to assemble at the commencement of next month, and deputies' are everywhere being elected, though sometimes as strange burlesque of constitutional customs. The Porte appears to be slowly realising the gravity of the situation, and shows some signs of a real desire to make good the ground it has taken, There is consequently ft disposition on the part of some prominent statesmen to wait upon events, and while not relaxing in purpose, to see it it be not possible yet to control them to the end desired, with out the risks of immediate intervention, but the difficulties inherent in the present system are still so forcibly illustrated in Bulgaria that not much room remains for hope. A recently-published despatch by Lord Derby, bearing date in November last, calls attention to the fact that months after the massacre of hundreds of women and children, the commission appointed to execute justice were still dallying with the question whether such murders were crimes. Later facts prove almost beyond contradic- tion that the Porte was itself responsible for those terrible scenes accomplices Both before and after the deed, as Lord Gran- ville put it the other night in the House of Lords. AchmetAga, so frequently denounced for his share in the Bank massacres, has at last been condemned to death, but be has appealed against the sentence. Letters from Bulgaria show that the actual administration is but little improved. The following incident, narrated by 52sec Times correspondent, puts matters in another light. On Christmas Day, a Turkish gon- farmer, enraged with the Christian mayor of the village of Brankortsi, after a severe beating saddledandbridledhim.andcompelled the poor wretch to carry him up and down the street, finally driving him to the village inn, where he threw the reins to the ostler, order- ing him to walk his horse up and down The landlord remonstrated, whereupon the millan knocked him down and ordered his victim to be fed with hay, which was actually done, the mayor pretending to swallow it, and being finally tethered up outside the door. He was at last released on the intercession of an Albanian, but there is no redress. The Turks considered the outrage an excellent joke. The Paris correspondent gives other instances of the outrages to which Bulgarians are still exposed. This same seaptich Hassen Agha, being late at the villages of Boinitza to collect the taxes, compelled those who were unable to pay to carry weights of 70 to 100 asks an oak is equal to more than Jobson their shoulders for several hours. Anotherseaptich of an equally waggish disposition having gone to the village of Granada, to requisition 100 carts for a service, and finding that the villagers were out with their oxen, and as the Mukhtors could not muster the required number of carts, compelled the Makhtars to climb up a tree, and to remain perched up there for several hours in the cold, striking their arms to their sides as if they had been flapping wings, and crowing Kui Kiki like dunghill cocks. A third seaptich shut up some poor peasants, for arrears of taxes, in a room where he lit a pair of burning charcoal only, releasing them when they were in a state bordering on actual asphyxia. Meanwhile the negotiation for a separate peace with Servia was satisfactorily proceeding. It is, however, pointed out that such a peace, while binding Turkey, would not in case of war affect Russia, but might rather facilitate her movements in the present position of affairs. THE OPENING OF PARLIAMENT. It is many years since the opening of Parliament was anticipated with so much interest, but the discussions of the last week have not done more than break preliminary ground. The Eastern question, as might be supposed, overshadows all home topics, but our senators have as yet made no advance- ment towards its solution. The 10 or 12 paragraphs they have devoted to the subject in the Queen's speech contained but a meagre summary of the successive negotiations, and no hint of policy, a reticence perhaps inevitable. In the debate on the address the main strictures of the Liberals were directed to the inconsistencies of the Government. Lord Granville twitted the Cabinet with their internal differences. He was told that they were quite united, but if so they were certainly very different from most Cabinets, which usually are united in public and show their differences in private, while this Cabinet was only united in private and showed its differences in public. "As regards the future I believe," said Lord Granville, "that if the influence of the Government WM exercised in persuading Europe as one body to come forward and insist, which they have moral and just right to do, that Turkey should perform her promises, you would successfully deal with the danger which remains. It may be said, you will not be able to persuade the other powers of Europe, I am not quite sure that England is not the only obstacle in the way of obtain ing such an understanding ; but even if it were not the case, would you be any worse after making the attempt than you were before. Another objection is that this means coercion. Legally it may mean coercion, but will anybody tell me that if once the Turks got into their heads the belief that not only England but the whole of Europe is absolutely and solemnly in earnest on this matter, they would resist the united voice of Europe? (Hear, hear.) I believe it would then be unnecessary to have recourse to co- erosion," Lord Derby spoke in a style which fell much behind the vigour of some of his despatches, and produced the impression that fees had been done or was desired by the Cabinet than is really the case. The Duke of Argyle kindled into vehemence as he replied. "He said distinctly in that high place, in that house top of Europe, that every insurrection against that Government was a legitimate insurrection. ("Hear, hear," and "Oh, oh.") Human beings under that Government owed it no allegiance. (Cheers and "Oh, oh.") He heard, with infinite regret, the declaration of the noble earl, Lord Derby, that he was determined, in no case, to use force. There were other powers in Europe besides the noble Earl, the Secretary for Foreign Affairs, and much as the noble earl might despise sentimentality in politics, forgetting that sentiment ruled the world, forgetting that all the moral feelings were founded on sentiment, and were nothing but sentiment, he was greatly mistaken if sentimentality would not prove tooBtrong for him and if somebody did not seize the helm which he told him he had abandoned, Europe would drift into a bloody and dreadful war." (Hear, hear.) The Earl of Beaconsfield, whose advent in the House of Lords was greeted with much kindly interest, reserved himself for a future occasion, but in his short speech fell back on his old ground. "It this matter is really to be treated, he said, "it must be treated by statesmen. We must accurately know who is to be responsible hereafter for the condition of the Christian population. We must know what changes in the distribution of territory in that most important part of the globe are to take place in consequence of this attempted solution, and it is only by considerations of that kind, it is only by bringing our mines, free from all passion, to a calm and sagacious consideration of all the circumstances of the case, and viewing them as statesmen, that we can secure the great interests of this country, which are too often forgotten in declamatory views of the circumstances with which we have to deal practically, and by considering which alone we can secure that amelioration of the condition of the Christian populations which we all desire," (Hear, hear.) In the House of Commons, the Marquis of Hartington spoke with great freedom and more than his usual power. He also criticised the conduct of Ministers, but the main practical point of his speech was the necessity of maintaining the European concert, Sir Stafford Northcote, in his character of leader, showed a nearer approach to liberal views on this question than his predecessor had done. Mr, Gladstone favoured A the idea of a common coercion, but that preliminary debate has not done more than define the position of parties. The chief result has been to show the Liberal party once again ! united, the Whig chiefs standing side by side | on this matter, in hearty agreement with Mr, ! Gladstone and Professor Fawcett, The bulky blue books laid upon the table on the first night of the session cover a wide field, and members are this week occupied in their digestion. They show, however, an unexpected amount of accord between the more moderate proposals of the Liberal party and the actual procedure of the Government Lord Salisbury was supported to the full at Constantinople by his instructions from home. The Times calls especial attention to this fact. There is abundant evidence that no form of pressure short of a threat to use force was neglected by Lord Salisbury to procure the assent of the Porte. The proposals for a military occupation form an interesting chapter of the negotiations. General Ignatieff said that Russia was ready to furnish the requisite troops, if no other could be found, but that she did not wish to under- take such a responsibility. Lord Salisbury and Sir Henry Elliot urged that the Turkish regular troops would suffice to keep order, but the other ambassadors were of a different opinion. Lord Salisbury then made the surprising suggestion that the conference should accept English soldiers, but General Ignatieff vigorously objected to that proposal, and the German ambassador said that no troops belong, in g to any guaranteeing power could be allowed to do the duties of police. Hence arose the plan of forming a Belgian gen d'armes of from 3,000 to 5,000 men-a plan which Lord Salisbury recommended, and which the Government accepted in principle, Nay, the Government did more than accept it, by virtually undertaking to be responsible for the expenses of the expedition. "If the Belgian scheme is adopted and adhered to," said Lord Derby in a peculiarly laconic despatch, no difficulty will be made about the money advanced." Thus he was prepared to go very far indeed for the sake of securing order and notice in Turkey. At the same time he steadily refused to support the conference by force of arms, " Her Majesty's Government have to decide," he wrote to Lord Salisbury, " that England will not assent to or assist in measures naval or military against the Porte." THE RITUALIST REBELLION. Among other incidents of the month not without significance is the committal of the Rev. Arthur Tooth, vicar of St. James's, Hatcham, to Horsemonger-lane Gaol, for contempt of court Mr. Tooth is regarded by many of his party as a confessor and martyr, and prayers have been offered in several churches on his behalf as one imprisoned for conscience sake. It is the representative character thus given to him which makes his case of so much public interest. Your readers will remember that proceedings were recently taken against him under the new act for the regulation of public worship, for certain extreme ritualistic practices, and that on his refusing compliance with the decision of the Court, the sentence of suspension was pronounced against him. Mr, Tooth carried his resistance further. He not only refused admission to the church of the clergyman authorised by the Bishop of Rochester to conduct Divine service instead of himself, but continued the services without abating any, thing of the objectionable practices. Sus tained by his churchwardens and a considerable body of his parishioners, he braved the chances of a disturbance on the first Sunday, for crowds of curious or over . zealous people had assembled outside the church, and were with difficulty held in check. Next week the church was closed after 6 o'clock by order of the bishop, and with the aid of a well organised body of 300 police. Many thousands of people assembled to no purpose except to get wet in the drenching rain, but the vicar and the churchwardens had anticipated them, and it presently transpired that an early communion had been celebrated before service. For the next six weeks, that is, till last Sunday, the church was entirely closed, and then re- opened, under the direction of the bishop, a clergyman of a more moderate school having been appointed to load the worship, and simple forms once more prevailing. There was no renewal of disturbances, only an occasional unwonted ejaculation expressive of popular satisfaction at the change. But Mr. Tooth had still declined to surrender the keys, and the doors of the building had to be broken open. There was no music not even a hymn sung, for the organ was locked up, and all the choir were absent in sympathy with their vicar. Meanwhile, Lord Penzance, as dean of the Court of Arches, had pronounced Mr. Tooth contumacious. He laid stress on the point that Mr. Tooth had not appealed against the judgment of the court, but wholly ignored its jurisdiction, Mr Tooth and his friends, in fact, assert that the Court of Arches is a merely temporal court, having no rightful authority in spiritual things, In view of the large issues since raised, it is desirable to recall Lord Penzance argument first, that even if the Court of Arches were a temporal court, the intervention of such a court would be no novelty. For example, the statutes authorising Edward VII's and Elizabeth's prayer book, made a clergy- man who departed from the order of divine service as there described liable to be tried by an ordinary judge and jury at the assizes, the bishop of the diocese assisting the judge if he pleased; and if he were convicted three times, such a clergymen was liable to be imprisoned for life. Then, further, if Mr, Tooth maintained that he was only liable to be tried by the court of his bishop, an appeal always lay from the court of the bishop to the arch- bishop's court, and in reality for a long series of years the bishops had been accustomed to transfer by letters of request suits instituted in their court to the Court of Arches, so as to save the delay and expenses of two decisions in place of one Lord Penzance is the judge of the arch- bishop's court, and as all that the Public Worship Act did was to arm that court with now powers, Mr. Tooth, in refusing submission to the only competent authority, virtually makes himself supreme judge of what is lawful. It is necessary to recall these facts at the risk of traversing ground now well worn in controversy, in order to understand what has since occurred. Lord Penzance had no hesitation in pronouncing Mr. Tooth contumacious, and in signifying the same to the Queen in Chancery, with a view to his imprisonment, and condemned him also to pay the costs of the application made against him. Mr. Tooth appears to have prepared himself for the writ issued against him. He went to Tonbridge WOIIB, thinking that if arrested there he would be lodged in Maidstone Gaol, preferring the salubrious air of that part of the country ; but discover- ing his mistake, be manfully gave himself up to the proper authorities, and was placed in Horsemonger Gaol, which is situated on the Surrey side of the Thames, in the denser atmosphere of the metropolis. It was supposed by his friends that he would fare at least as well as Colonel Valen- tine Baker, who not so long ago quitted this same prison for Constantinople ; but it is not consistent with the majesty of the law to allow the prisoner guilty of contempt of court-the privileges of a first-class mia demeanour It is among the greater offence to refuse submission to the laws which are the foundation of the state. Accordingly. Mr. Tooth has had to submit to more humiliations than even his opponents could desire. Nothing is more repugnant to British feeling than an an Pftrcntinfrlngeinentnponlreetlomof opinion; however extreme or foolish the views a man may hold even when it is difficult to distinguish between the persuasions of conscience and the determinations of obstinacy, he is sure of sympathy the moment he has to face anything that can be called persecution. It is not surprising, therefore, that both in his parish and elsewhere, Mr. Tooth has a considerable number of sympathisers. The strongest opponents of Romanising practices from which he was inhibited are not slow to recognise the devotion to practical and religious duties which fra. quently characterises most of his own school, and the feeling area has stood him in good stead before the public. But the sym- pathy extended to him goes for beyond those considerations, and ostentatiously adopts the principle for which he Buffers. He has been visited in prison by men of high oration Uko Canon Liddon and Canon Gregory, of St. Paul's Cathedral, and many friends, both clerical and lay. He has received an address of sympathy from his parishioners, and resolutions in his favour have been passed in ecclesiastical meetings. The extreme ritualistic party recognises him as its champion and martyr, and appears to have determined to resist every attempt to enforce the act for the regulation of public worship. It is this fact which gives such importance to his case. The agitation they are creating may fail of its effect, or it may gather strength so as to produce a schism or secession of serious propor- tions within the Church of England, such as would be felt in political circles. Mr. Tooth is free to follow what course he likes if he leaves the Church, but while he remains a member of a state-constituted body, he cannot with impunity defy the law. The logical consequence of his principles would appear to be a movement for the separation of the church from the state ; but while there are those who would use the occasion to that end, the fact is the Establishment is almost as much a part of the social fabric of this country as the monarchy. The English Church Union, which numbers 14,000 communicantsamongits members, held a crowded meeting, and affirmed its readiness to support any priest refusing to recognise the authority of the secular courts in spiritual things. Another meeting of the city branch came to similar resolutions, as did also a gathering at Oxford. The Time, looking at the matter on its political side, asks these gentlemen whether they are aware that the Church of England received in substance its present constitution 340 years ago by means of the peremptory inter- position of the civil power that by the act of that power the old ecclesiastical jurisdiction of the country was transferred from the Pope to the Crown, that the civil power, having thus acquired the supreme authority in ecclesiastical causes, proceeded to exert the most forcible pressure upon the clergy to obtain their submission to the reforms which were doomed desirable, and that from that day to this a civil court of Some kind or other appointed by the supreme civil power has been the ultimate regulating authority for the Church of England. Further (they are reminded), by statutes passed within the present reign, to which they have with full knowledge submitted, the mode of exercising this civil jurisdiction has been altered by a court of Parliament, and decisions relating to most important points of doctrine have been delivered by it. How can they hope to escape from the long- established state of things they have so suddenly discovered The first principle of English law is that the civil power is in the IflBt resort supreme over every other authority, corporation, church, or sect in the kingdom, and sooner or later, whether Churchmen or Dissenters, they must be brought under its control and submit to its decisions. It should be noted that Mr. Tooth was inhibited only from procession, from elevating the elements, from telling the bell, from singing the Agnes, and other practices not involved in the appeal against the judgment. The much-disputed points of the eastward position and of the sacramental vestments are now under consideration by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in connexion with the Folkestone ritual case. The Court for trying this cause comprised two lord chancellors, three lords justices, a lord chief baron, five other judges, and as assessors an archbishop, and four bishops 15 in all The elite of the judges being thus withdrawn from their ordinary work, the administration of the law has been impeded in the high court of justice. The block thus caused seems to lead to much complaint. Another case under the Public Worship Act is now pend- ing at Wolverhampton. Enough of ecclesiastical affairs, but before I dismiss them a word must be given to the Bishop of Manchester. That city has recently been the scene of a special mission, in which the bishop has played an anon vontional part. On one occasion he addressed a number of medical men, with whom he pleaded against the materialism of the day. In the theatre he was warmly welcomed by managers, actors, and actresses, to whom he gave some words of sympathetic counsel, especially urging them to do what they could towards the purification of the Stage. THE SPIRITUALISM PROSECUTIONS'. The Spiritualists cannot be altogether pleased with the manner in which Dr. Slade has escaped upon appeal-not on the merits of the case, but because the conviction returned to the sessions did not recite with sufficient fullness one particular clause of the Vagrant Act. Mr, Serjeant Ballantine, who appeared for him before the magistrates at the Middlesex Quarter Sessions, contended that the only material words under which the conviction could have been sup. ported namely, " by palmistry or otherwise,'' had been omitted from the conviction, and on this ground it was ultimately quashed. Dr. Lankester and Dr. Donkin have since applied for fresh summonses, but Dr. Slade had previously left for the continent, whence his medical attendant reports that he is very ill, but willing to return. An appeal has meanwhile been made to the Court of Queen's Bench against the judgment by which the conviction was quashed. The impostor, Dr. Monck, who was Ben fenced under the Rogue and Vagabond Act, in October last, by the Huddersfield magistrates, to three months' imprisonment, on evidence which left no doubt that he had imposed on his audience by means of the commonest conjuror's tricks, had appealed on the ground that the words of the statute did not apply, but the judges of the Court of Exchequer have decided against him. It was submitted that unless the offender was convicted of using palmistry or acts quicker Dene in with it, the act could not apply to him. The case differed from that of Dr. Slade, inasmuch as the important words of the statute, by palmistry or otherwise," had not been disregarded in setting out the charge. Baron Cleasby said it might be quite right to hold that the word otherwise did not apply to anything in its character and pretences entirely different from fortune-telling and palmistry, but he must regard the acts and pretensions of the appellant as so entirely different, something besides fortune telling and palmistry must be held as included, and he could not fix upon any crafty devices more properly coupled for punishment with those of fortune-telling and palmistry than those set forth in the case as practised by the appellant The conviction was consequently confirmed. As regards Wm. Laurence, known an the East-end spiritualist, whose ghosts were captured in the hear, an application was made to Mr. Justice Hawkins, in chambers, to admit him to bail until the writ of error, for which the Attorney-General has granted his fiat, has been argued. His lordship acceded to the application, and made an order for the defendant's release on bail, in his own TArnrjniHBnces for £500, and two sureties of £250 each, 