THE SQUATTER AND HIS PROTEGE. BY PEROT C. HALKEK Written expressly for "iThe Week." PART n.—CHAPTER IX. ' THE FENCE. Head, your Bible, and talk like a pious 'un. I'coplo goes more by your words than your actions . . . If you wants what is not your own . . , take it away by insinivation, not bluster. —llrt. Lobkins" Advice to Paul Clifford. In ono of those narrow uneven lanes, situated somewhere between Gregory Terrace and Leichhnrdt-street, in the good city of Brisbane, was a wretchedly dilapidated four-roomed cottage, of decayed or white ant-eaten wood, the very appearance of which created a sensa tion of awe in the minds of the gutter- haunting children of the street. A. sensation so keen and alarming that, rather than pass it, they would wander a block or two round, or submit to any amount of thrashing at the hands of their parents for their cowardice. It had formed the subject of their conversation when grouped under a fence in the early hours of darkness, and had suggested ghost stories of so grim a character that their imagination had at length peopled it with horrors, the mere thought of which, caused them to huddlo together for mutual protection. From a distance they had noted the moving shadows on the shattered casements, thrown thereon by the flickering blaze of a dull fire or duller candle-light within, and had deemed them the ghostly or devilish viators of the solitary and queer looking occupant of tho dismal abode. The individual referred to was, without doubt, cal culated to raise speculations of almost any character in an observer's mind. He was in years beyond middle age, heavily built, and awkward in gait. His face, bare and flabby, and of that unhealthy tallowy complexion which suggests unwholesome occupation, or a dis arranged liver, was perhaps the most expres sionless imaginable; the eyes, of a vague life less grey colour, were deeply set in caverns of pasty corpse-like flesh. His attire was semi priestly ; he wore usually a long threadbare black coat, buttoned from throat to waist; an ancient white hat, with a puggery. twisted around it, just above the uneven brim, and trousers of a faded grey, which hung in un graceful folds over large and well-worn boots. Ho one knew his beenpation, but most believed him to be a decayed member of the Bo man Catholic clergy, an opinion warranted by his shorn and priestly appearance. They "were "wrong, however, in their conclusion; so far from being in any way connected with that respected body, he was neither more nor less than a fence, or purchaser of stolen valuables, the proceeds of burglary, petty larceny, pilfering, or highway robbery. Mirny a stolen valuable, snatched from, the dressing table by a verandah sneak, or dishonest servant, had found its way into Moses Gar rett's melting pot, to the enrichment of himself and the scant reward of the thief, who seldom got a twentieth of the article's real value.' Many a loved memento of friends faraway, or jewelled token of esteem and respect, prized as heir-looms by their former owners, had disap peared within the gaping jaws of his. incan descent crucible. But old Garrett heard no moan of sorrow, as the treasures were trans formed into a cake of solid metal; he heard nothing but the sonnd of the blast that urged his fire to the required heat. He saw no tears mingling with the molten mass; he 6aw no thing but a small ingot of available wealth, unrecognizable by any previous proprietor. Solitary as was this man's life, of course, in pursuit of his calling, he did receive occasional visitors, and oh the particular night of which we now write, he was favoured with two. These were our free companions Bill, alias" Sly pet," and Jem, the Tank—whom our readers will remember were poor Frank Warbois* asso ciates on the never-to-be-iorgottea night of his first essay on the road. The stalwart rogues, whose smiling, pleasant faces, were in themselves a recommendation for honesty, and therefore by no means an index of their real character, were seated upon a strong deal table in the kitchen of the estab lishment, pipe in mouth and pannikin in hand, watching with carious interest the kneeling figure of old Moses, who was busily engaged with his crucible converting the1 jewelry of Mr. and Mrs. Capias into liquid gold.' '• And the jewels," remarked the Pet, as ho tenderly handled the precious stones, previously removed from their golden settings, and now collected in a white 6aucer on the table. " They ought to run into a lot of money." i "Yon just let those stones alone, my pet," said Moses with one eye in tho pot, and the I other ^ watching the fingers of tho admiring I " Pet." " Just let those stones alone, they are : mine, and you've got bank notes instead, which t will answer your purpose much better. The fingers of you gentleman are known to he I sticky, and I might lose some of them." " Bless your soul, old man," returned " Pet," what do you think I want with 'm ? as you say bank notes answer our purpose ever so much better. Nevertheless, a fellow may he excused for seeking to know the real value of any job he may have undertaken." " "Well, PcV said Moses, as ho removed the white hot crucible from tho charcoal firo; " It may be encouragement for you to know that after all; so I may as well say the pile was altogether worth a little over two hundred pounds; but to us not, perhaps, moro than a quarter of that sum." " Of which quarter Yank, the slim one, "and I, receive twenty-five pounds, to he divided be tween us." "And a very good share, too," remarked Moses. "What would the pile havo been worth to you,* if it had not been for me, I should like to know; not a fivo pound note, because there would have been no buyers, and the pawnbrokers would. havo been {afraid to make an advance!" " Oh, 1 dare say it's all right," put in Tank, " hut, anyhow, you ought to shout for us" ! "I'll do that with pleasure," returned Moses, going to an. old doal box id a corner, and producing therefrom a bottlo of ruin. " Help yourselves, and don't spare tlio grog. But, tell me, who is the slim one you spoke .of, do I know him ?" "I'm blessed if I know," replied Yank; "but he's a good one, and, I think, staunch to the backbone. He only joined us for this rig, but I think he'll stick to us, ozid be of good use to us. He has hover been on this lay before, and was driven to it by despair, or something of that sort." : , v " What is he like, and what's bi3 name V* asked the Fence. " Ho is tall and gingery, about twenty years' old, and Christian name Frank." " Ob, that's the chap, is it," said Hoses. "Ho has taken to that, has hot I know the youth very well; yes, yes/ young Frank! I heard something of his disappearance - this morning, when I went to Mass." - " You went to Mass," repeated Pet with a sneer, and a knowing wink. at his companion, "What the devil do yon go to Mass fori should like to know F" "Because I am a good Catholic, my hoy," j replied the old man, "lam very particular about my religious duties; and I am liberal, too in my subscriptions for the proposed new. cathedral. : There will be a stone or two in it when erected, that they ought to name after poor old Moses Garrett, as a memorial of him when he's dead and gone." "It's a fine thing to combine religion and roguery," remarked Pet, thoughtfully sipping his rum, " Tho religion covers up1 tho roguery so snugly, that no one can see it. Yank, my son, take a lesson from poor old Moses Garrett/ and you'll never get lagged again." "It ain't my line, BUI," said his mate. "I like right down honesty, I do, and no spurious mixtures. I like my physic without the jam, and my jam without the physic. I know what I'm ahout then." - "Keligion never yet injured any man," observed Moses with, somo forco; " so none of your sneers, Mr. Yank, and you should remem ber, young man, that death is before every one, and no one can say when he may have to meet it. A pistol ball may bring you down some day, and yon may then regret that you did not mix up a little religion with your daily affairs." So saying the old man picked up the saucer con* taining the precious stones before mentioned, and .locked them in the deal box, whence he had "produced the bottle of rum. "And so young Frank has joined your gang," ho added, returning to his companions, "a very queer start for a young fellow of his stomp. Well, he is a presentable lad enough, and not at all likely to ho Buspected of bushranging, or any* thing ft"Ti to it. He will be very serviceable to you in fishing out information. And you think he is 6taunch, then ?" "Staunch," replied Pet, " I-believe you. The way he tac&ed; the lawyer's wife was quite professional, and'would have done credit; the Claud the Devil." " Claud Duval, you mean, Bill," said *his mate, correcting him. - . "Well, it's all the same, Jem. But as I was, going to say, there is a little weakness he wfil have to get over. When wo were exami ing the proceeds of our expedition last night, he came upon a locket, an old-fashioned one, certainly, hut pretty well jowelled, which he remembered to have removed from tho old lady's neck, and requested our permission to keep that as Ins share of the job. Wo asked him why he was going to content himself with that trifle, when his rtal share would be worth so much more. He replied, that he felt sure the old lady prized that more than anything else, as there was some baby's hair in it, and he would like to return it to her. We pointed out the risk he would run in the attempt to return it; hut ho said he would stand that, and if taken would promise faithfully not to put anyone on our track; so we consented to let him do as he liked. He'll get over that sort of thing in time, I dare say." "Yes, my Pet," said Moses with a sigh, " you may depend upon it, either you or the devil, or both, will harden his heart some day. But I know of a nice easy crib to crack, if you are inclined that way, my boys." "You do, my. prophet!" exclaimed Pet eagerly, " when and whero ?" " I'U learn more about it, and let you know; meanwhile don't leavo tho Range." " Oh! don't fear, this last job didn't leavo a trace, so we can walk in and out of this blessed place just as we please. But.thismustbea private job, the slim one must be out of this, as it is not, I think, in his line; the high toby will suit him best." "Poor lad, yes," said tho pious receiver. " The saints will have him in their keeping, and select a line of life for him, which he will find it to his best advantage to follow. On second thoughts come here to-morrow night; mean while, I will get all the information I can, and you will have learned how young Prank got on with the locket business." " Wo propose a journey up country in a few days, Moses," said Jem, "and shall want horses and saddles; of course we could get them if we liked, but would rather purchase than shake them, as there is always such a cursed fuss about stolen horses; and wo might bo easily traced. Now, if you are tho man we take you for, you will advance us the 'mopusses* to get them, and can pay yourself out of the proceeds of the panny* What do you say?" " Pll think it over, my sons, I'll think it over; you may always depend upon my assis tance as far as my poor means will permit; hut with respect to tho matter of payment, suppose you were unsuccessful in the little affair I pro posed, how should I look ?" " Well you could have tho horses, so you'd bo right anyhow," put in Pet; " but if the crib is easy, as you say, I don't see much chanco of failing; do you, Yank?" " Pailing bo d——" commenced the latter, when he was suddenly checked by the rebulco of Moses. "Yank, I dislike swearing—and you-w just going .to swoar—aad wonder that a man 1 • Burglary, I of your education and general refinement, cam | givo way to so vile a habit. Pray cultivate the-? i habit of self-control, and express your opinions,-, I or couch your remarks, in careful, woll-selected l I languago. In your lino of lifo nothing • I so -well serves your purposo as self-pos-1 I session: you run fewer risks, and can 'be more:,': ' effective; whereas bluster and excitement blind I I you to any point of profit, or interest, and car--, tainly would tell strongly in your disfavour,.. 1 should it, as it assuredly muBt in tho long ruajl* load you into misfortune. Now, as my devo-' ! tions occupy a considerable portion of the night,. [let me beg-of yoiito havo'anothor nip and > leave mo to them!." At this hint our gallant knights partook of tho proferrcd nip, and left I tho pious scoundrel to his prayers. 