AN OPEN VERDICT. A NEW NOVEL. By the Author of " Lady Add ley's Secret," " Take-? at the Flood," " Dead Men's Shoes," " Weavers and Weft," &c.; [Published by special arrangement, with the Author. All rights reserved. ] Chapter XVIII.—"Why did you Throw your Wedded Lady from you?" The two girls at the Water House lived their solitary life all through the dark week before Christmas. They read a great deal; Bella confining herself to the novels from the Great Yafford library, Beatrix reading those books which she believed were to fit her for companionship with Cyril Culver house in the days to come. They did not find so much to say to each other as friends of such long standing might have been ex pected to find. But Beatrix was by nature reserved about those subjects nearest her heart, and her cloistered life gave her few other subjects to talk about. On the dusky • winter afternoons they went up to the lum ber-room and had a feast of music at the old piano; Bella singing prettily in a clear soprano voice—thin but not unmelodious— Beatrix playing church music with the touch of a player in whom music was a natural expression of thought and feeling, and not a laboriously acquired art. Very rarely could Beatrix be persuaded to sing, but when she did .uplift her fresh young voice the rich contralto tones were like the sound of an organ, and even Bella's shallow soul was moved by the simple melodies of the Psalter of those days. "As pants the hart for cooling streams, When heated in the chase." Or, " With one consent let all the earth To God their cheerful voices raise." "Has Mr. Culverhouse ever heard you sing ?" enquired Bella. " Never. Where should he hear me ? I never sing anywhere but in this room." " And in church." " Yes, of course, in church. But I do not think even Cyril could distinguish my voice out of a whole congregation." " He might," said Bella, " all the rest sing through their noses." For fine days there was the garden, and for variety Puck and the pony carriage. Miss Harefieid took her friend for long drives across the moor. Once they met Cyril in one of the lanes, and passed him with a distant recognition. Bella saw Beatrix's cheeks grow palg as he came in siaht. " How white you turned just uow," she Stildj when l^uck had carried* them ever so far away from the curate of Little Yafford. . Did I ?" ashed Beatrix. " I don't think I can be as pale as you. That was sympathy, I suppose. You felt how hard it was for me to pass him by." "Yes>" answered Bella, in her quiet little way, " that was what I felt." Bella had been staying at the Water House a week, and during that time had seen Mr. Harefield about half-a-dozen times. He was in the habit of dining with his daughter and her governess on Sundavs. D "was not a pleasant change in his heraiit like life, but he made this sacrifice to pater nal duty. Every Sunday at four o'clock he sat down to dinner with his daughter and Miss Scales. Now that Miss Scales was away he sat down alone with the two "iris, and looked at them curiously, when he found himself face to face with them at the board, as if they had been a new species in zoology, which he had never before had the opportunity of scrutinising. He looked from one to the other thought fully, while he unfolded his napkin, as if he were not quite clear as to which was his I daughter, and then having* made up his mind on the point, addressed himself with a slight turn of the head to Beatrix. Your friend has grown very much," he said. " Do you really think so, Mr. Harefield," enquired Bella, with a gratified simper. It was something to be spoken of, in any wise, by tbis modern Timon. Mr. Harefield went on helping tbe soup without a word. He had quite forgetten his own remark, and had not heard Bella's. . Y half way through the dinner in absolute silence. Then a tart and a pud ding appeared, and the tart, being set down rather suddenly before Mr. Harefield, seemed to disturb him in the midst of a wakin"* dream. ° "Have you heard from Miss Scales ?" he asked his daughter abruptly. ' "i es, papa. I have had two letters. Her aU« oiS X61y *s afraid she will die." She hopes it, you mean. Can you sup pose such a sensible person as Miss Scales would wish a tiresome old woman's life prolonged when she will sret a legacy l)v her death." " ° J J "Miss Scales is a good woman, papa. She would not be so wicked as to wish for any one's death." "Would she not ? I'm afraid there are a great many good people on this earth wish ing as hard as they can in the same line. Expectant heirs, expectant heiresses—wait ing to wrench purse and power from a dead man's gripe." ■ After this nleasant speech the master of tbe bouse reiapaed into silence. The old butler moved quietly to and fro. There was a gentle jingle of glass and silver now* and then, like the ringing of distant sleigh bells. The wood ashes fell softly from the wide old grate. The clock ticked in the hall outside. Time hobbled and halted like a cripple. Bella began to think that even a home Sunday—with Mr. Scratchell swear ing at the cooking, and Mrs. Scratchell in tears—was better than this. It was at least open misery, and the storm generally blew ovei as rapidly as it arose. Here there was a suppressed and sullen gloom, as of a tem pest always impending, and never comin"*." What a waste of wealth and luxury Tt seemed to sit in a find old room like this surrounded by all good things, and to be obstinately wretched. When dinner was over, and certain dried muts and pale half-ripened oranges had been carried round by the butler's subordi nate, tbe butler himself following solemnly with decanters and claret jug, and nobody takin<? anything, the two girls rose, at a look °^*?fiatnx aud left Ml*. Harefield alone. •Will you come to my room and have S0^Ttea' Pa?a Beatrix asked at the door. ; i Not to-night, my deai*. I have a new mi?T?er Westminster to read. You ■ ao0t%ht;atelleU';M amuM J*0™1™ " Good-night, papa," said Beatrix, and she and Bella went away. It was a long evening, Bella did not like to open a novel, and did not care for Bishop Ken, whose practice of Divine Love formed the last stage in Miss Ilarefield's self-cul ture. The only piano in the house was ever so far away in the lumher-room—and the lumber-room after dark was suggestive of ghosts and goblins, or at any rate of rats and mice. Sunday evening at the parish church was gayer than this, Bella thought, as she sat by the fire stifling her frequent yawns, and watching Beatrix's thoughtful face bending over Bishop Ken. ''Yes, she is handsomer than I am," reflected Bella, with a pang of envy. " How can I wonder that he like3 her best. She is like one of those old prints Mr. Dulcimer showed us one evening -by Albert Durer, I think. Grave dark faces of saints and madonnas. She is like a poem or a picture made alive. And he is full of romance and poetry. No wonder he loves her." And then came the question which in Bella's mind was unanswerable. "Why should she have everything and I so little ?" Beatrix read on, absorbed in her book. The clock ticked, the gray wood ashes dropped upon the hearth, just as they had done in the dining-room. Outside the deep casement windows the night winds were blowing, the ragged tree-tops swaying against a cold gray sky. Bella shivered as she sat by the fire. This was the dreariest Sunday evening she had ever spent. Presently a shrill bell pealed loudly through the house, a startling sound amidst a silence which seemed to have lasted for ages, nay, to a normal condition of one's existence. Bella gave a little jump, like a nervous horse, and. sat up in her chair, alert and eager. "Could it be Cyril Culverhouse? No of course not." Ilis image filled so large a place in her heart that even the sudden ringing of a bell suggested his approach, till reason came to check the vagaries of fancy. The same thought darted into Beatrix's mind. For a woman deeply in love, earth holds only one man—her lover. Was it Cyril who came to claim • her—to trample down the barrier of paternal authority,'and to claim her by the right of their mutual love ? This idea, being at the first flash of reason utterly untenable, lasted no longer with Beatrix than it had done with Bella. " It must be Miss Scales," she said, going to the door. " And yet I should not have thought she would travel on a Sunday. She is so very particular about Sunday." Miss Scales belonged to a sect with whom God's day of rest meant a day of penance— a day upon which mankind holds itself in an apologetic attitude towards its Maker, as if deprecating the Divine wrath for its audacity in having taken the liberty to be norn. The two girls went out into the corridor, and from tlie corridor to tlie square open gallery in the middle of the house, from which the broad staircase descended. Here, leaning upon the oaken balustrade, they looked down into the hall. It was empty when they first looked; a vacant expanse of black and white marble. Then there came another peal of the bell, and the butler walked slowly across to the door, and opened it just wide enough to reconnoitre the visitor. Here there was a brief parley, the drift of which the girls could not distinguish. They only heard a murmur of masculine voices. "It can't be Miss Scales," whispered Beatrix. "They would have brought in. her portmanteau and bag before this." The parley ceased all at once, the butler threw open the door, and a gentleman came in out of the windy night bringing a blast of cold air with him. He took off his hat, and stood in the centre of the hall, looking about him while the butler carried his card to Mr. Harefield. The stranger was a man of about fifty, tall and spare of figure, but with a certain nobility of bearing, as of one. accustomed to command. The finely shaped head was beautifully set upon the shoulders —the chest was broad and deep. As he looked upwards the two girls drew back ' into the shadow, still watching him. It was a beautiful head—a grand Italian face, full of tranquility and power, like a portrait by Moroni. The eyes were dark, the skin was a pale olive, the hair " a sable silvered." A thrill went through Beatrix's heart as she looked at him. Yes, she remembered, she knew. This was Antonio—this was the Italian with the pathetic voice who sat in the twilight singing church music that summer evening long ago. This was the man whose face memory associated with the face of her dead mother. She had seen them looking at her together—in those days of early childhood, whose faint memories are like a reminiscence of some anterior state of being, a world known before earth. The butler came back. " Mv master will see you, Sir." The stranger followed him out of the hall. Beatrix and Bella could hear the footsteps travelling slowly along the pas sage to the library. " Who can he be ?" exclaimed Miss Scratchell, full of curiosity. "Perhaps he is a relation of your papa's," she added, speculatively, Beatrix having ignored lies first remark. Beatrix remained silent. She was think ing of the miniature in her mother's room, the youthful likeness of the face she had seen to-night. " Who was this man ? Her mother's kinsman, perhaps ? But why had his presence brought sorrow and severance between husband and wife ? Little as she knew of the hard facts that made up the history cf her mother's life, there was that in Beatrix's memory which told her this man had been the cause of evil. She roused herself with an effort, and went back to her room, followed by Bella, who had broken out into fresh yawns on finding that the advent of the stranger pro mised no relief to the dulness of the evening. "Eight o'clock," she said, as the old clock in the hall announced that fact, em bellishing a plain truth with a little burst of old-fashioned melody. " They are coming out of church by this time. I wonder whether Mr. Culverhouse has preached one of his awakening sermons P I am sure we should be the better for a little awakening, shouldn't we Beatrix ? I really wish you would talk a little, dear. You look as if you were walking in your sleep. " Do I ?" said Beatrix. " Here comes the tea-tray. Perhaps a cup of tea may enliven us." " Well, the urn is company at any rate," assented Bella, as the servant set down the oblong silver tray, "with its huff and gold Bristol cups and saucers, and the massive old urn, dimly suggestive of sisterly affec tion in the person of Electra, or needing only a napkin neatly draped across it to re call the sculptured monuments of a modern cemetery. " Now really," pursued Bella, while Beatrix was ifiaking tea, "have you no idea who that foreign-looking gentleman is ?" "Why should I trouble myself about him ? He comes to see papa—not me." " Yes, but one can't help being curious so long as one is human. By the time my in quisitiveness is worn out i shall be an angel. Your papa has so few visitors. And this one has such a distinguished appearance. I feel sure-he is some one of importance." " Very likely." "My dear Beatrix, this lonely life of yours is making you dreadfully stoical," re monstrated Bella. "I should be glad to become stoical. This stranger's visit cannot make any dif ference to me. It will not make my father love me any better—or feel more kindly disposed towards Cyril. It may make him a little worse perhaps. It may stir up old bitterness. " Why ?" cried Bella, eagerly, her bright blue eyes becoming unbeauteously round in her excitement. "Don't talk to me about him anymore, please Bella. I do not know who he is— or what he is—or whence or why he comes. He will go as he came, no doubt, leaving no trace of his presence behind him." But here Beatrix was wrong. This was not to be. In the library the two men were standing face to face. Men who had not met-for more than ten years, who had parted in anger too deep for words. Christian Harefield contemplated his visitor calmly—or with that stony quietude which is passion's best assumption of calm. "Has the end of the world come ?" he asked, " that you come to me." " You are surprised that I shouldcome ?" responded the Italian, in very good English. " I am surprised at two things—your folly and your audacity. " I shall not praise my own wisdom. I have done a foolish thing, perhaps, in coming to England on purpose to do you a i service. But I deny the audacity. There is no act in my past life that should forbid my entrance to this house." | "We will not reopen old wounds—or enter upon an old story," answered Chris tian Harefield. "You are a villian. You acted like a villain. You are a coward. You acted like a coward, in flying from the man you had wronged, when he pursued you in his just and righteous wrath. "My career of the last ten years best answers your charge of cowardice," replied the other. " My name will be remembered in Italy with the five days of Milan. I never fled from you. I never knew that you pursued me." " I spent half a year of my life in hunting you. I would have given the remnant of an unprofitable life then to have met you face to face, in your lawless country, as we are meeting to-night in this room. But now the chance comes too late. I have outlived even the thirst for revenge." " Again I tell you that I never wronged you—unless it was a wrong against you to enter this house." "It was—and you know it. You, my wife's former lover—-the only man she ever loved—you to creep into my house—as the serpent crept into Eden—under the guise of friendship and goodwill—and poison my peace for ever." "It was your own groundless jealousy that made the poison. From first to last your wife was the purest and noblest of women." "From first to last," exclaimed Christian Harefield, with exceeding bitterness. "First, when she introduced you—the lover of her youth—to her husband's house—last, when she fled from that husband with you for her companion. Assuredly the purest and noblest among women—judged by your Italian ethics." ! " With me," cried the Italian," with me! Your wife fled .with me! You say that— say it in good-faith ?" " I say that which I know .to be the truth. When she, left me that night at the inn on the mountain road above Borgo Pace, after a quarrel that had been just a trifle more bitter than our customary quarrels—you were waiting for her, with a carriage—a quarter of a mile from the inn —you were seen there—she-was seen to enter the carriage with you. Tolerably direct evidence, I fancy. For my daughter's sake—to save my own pride and honor—I gave out that my wife had died suddenly at that lonely inn in the Appenines. Her father was dead, her brother sunk in the gulf of Parisian dissipation. There was no one interested in making enquiries as to the details of her death or burial. The fiction passed unquestioned. For me it was a truth. She died to me in the hour she abandoned and dishonored me—and all trust in my fellow-men, .all love for my race, died within me at the same time." "You are a man to be pitied," said Antonio gravely. " \ ou have borne the burden of an imaginary dishonor. You have wronged your wife, you have wronged me—but you have wronged yourself mo3t of all. Did you get no letter from th§ Convent of Santa Cecilia r" " "\Y£{$ letter ? No. I had no letter. I left tie ifin at daybreak on the morning after my wife's flight—followed on the track of your carriage—traced you as far as Citta di Castello—there lost you— caught the trail again at Perugia, followed you to Nami, and there again missed you." " And you believed that your wife was my companion in that journey ?" " "What else should I believe ? It was the truth. I heard everywhere that you were accompanied by a lady—a lady whose description answered to my wife." "Possibly. A tavern-keeper's description is somewhat vague. The ladv was my sister whom I was taking from tie convent of the Sacred Heart at Urbino, where she had been educated, to meet her betrothed in Rome, where she was to be married. Your wife took refuge at the convent of Santa Cecilia on the night she left-you. My sister and I went there with her—left her in the charge of the reverend mother, who promised her an asylum there as long as she chose to remain; She was to write to you immediately, explaining her con duct, and telling you that your violence had compelled, hereto this course, and that she could only return to you under certain con-* I ditions, *1 heard the reverend mother pro mise that a messenger should he dispatched*: to the inn with the letter as soon as it was daylight." " I was on the road at the first streak of dawn!" exclaimed Mr. Harefield. " I never, had that letter. How do 1 know that it is not all a lie ? How do- fc'Bfiow that you: have not come here with #' deep-laid plot to cheat and cajole me. I-'have lived all these years believing my wife false, ac cursed, abominable—a woman whose very existence was a disgrace to me and to her child. And you come now with this fable about a convent—a sudden'flight from ah' intolerable life—ay, it was bitter enough in those last days, I confess—a pure and spot less life, cloistered, unknown. - She is living yet, I suppose, a professed nun— hiding that calm face under the shadow of a sable hood." " She died within a year of her entrance into the convent, died" as she had lived, a guest, receiving protection and hospitality from the sisterhood, among them but not one of them. As your wife the Church could not have received her. The nuns loved her for her gentleness, her piety, and her sorrow. I have come from her grave* Till within the last few months I have been a wanderer on the face of my country —every thought of my brain, every desire of my heart given to the cause of Italian Independence. Only last week I found myself again a traveller on the mountain road between Urbino and Perugia, and master of my time. I went to visit th» grave of her I had last seen a sorrowful fugitive from a husband whose very love had been so mixed "with bitterness that it had resulted in mutual misery. The fact that you had never visited the convent, or communicated in any way with the nuns during all these years, made me suspect some misunderstanding—and in. justice to her whom I loved when life was young and full of fair hopes—and whose memory [I love and honor now my hair is grey, I am here to tell you that your wife died worthy of your regret, that it is you who have need of pardon—not she." " " And I am to take your word for this ?" _" No. I knew too well your hatred and distrust to come to you without some con firmation of my story. At my request, knowing all the circumstances of the case, the reverend mother drew up a full account of your wife's reception at the convent, her last illness, and her death, which came unexpectedly though she had long been ilL. My chief purpose in coming to England was to give you this paper." He laid a large sealed envelope upon the table before Mr* Harefield. " Having done this, my mission is ended. I have no more to say." The Italian bowed gravely, and left the room. Mr. Harefield mechanically ringing the bell for the butler to show him out. The door closed upon the departing guest, and Christian Harefield stood look ing straight before him with fixed eyes— looking into empty air, and seeing—what ? A pale pained face, white to the lips, framed in ebon hair, dark eyes gazing at him with a strained- agonised gaze—hands clasped in a convulsion of .grief and anger. He heard a voice half, choked with sobs. " Husband, you are tod cruel—groundless accusations—vilest suspicions—I will not, I cannot bear this persecution any longer. I will leave you this very night." t , "Yes," he answered, "your lover is waiting for yon. It was his " carriage that passed us on the road—and yoit know it." " I do," she exclaimed with flashing eyes, " and thank Ctod that I have a friend and defender so near." And then she left him to go to her own room, as he fancied. He took her talk of flight as'an empty threat. She had threat ened him in this same'way more than once in her passion'. • Their quarrel to-night had heen a little more violemt than usual. That was all. His jealousy had heen aroused by the sight of a face he hated looking out of a travelling carriage that whirled by them in a cloud of white dust on the sunny mountain road. He had given free rein to his violence afterwards, when they were alone at the inn—and had spoken words, that no woman could forgive or forget. . Late that night he found her. gone—and on enquiry discovered that a. carriage had heen seen waiting not far from the inn, and' a lady, mufflled in a mantle, had been seen to enter it. He heard this some hours after the event. He had no clue to assist* him in discovering the way the carriage had taken, hut he concluded^that it had gone on to Citta di Castello. He had no doubt as to the face that he had seen looking out of the window athwart that blinding cloud of dust, as the hells jingled "on the ragged old harness, and the-driver lashed his jaded horses. The outer door of the Waiter House shut, with a prolonged reverberation, like the door of an empty church. Antonio was gone. Christian Hariefield sank down in his accustomed seat and sat staring at the fire, with hollow eyes, - his arms hanging loosely across the oaken arms of the chair, his long thin hands falling 'idly," his lips moving faintly now and then, but making no sound, as if repeating dumbly some conversation of the past—the ghosts of words long dead. (To he continued.) A miisical entotfaim^c in aid of tlie Public Teachers' Association is to be given at? the Stow Memorial Hall this evening. An entertainment is to be given in Christ Church schoolroom, North Adelaide, this even ing, consisting of mnsical selections and a farce.. Mr. Landergan will act as conductor of the musical portion of the programme. ,Tlie. Georgia Minstrels performed to another large audience on Thursday evening, when a fresh programme was gone through. The drawing-room entertainment was if any thing an improvement upon the previous one, the gems heing the songs, "Dear old cabin home," by Mr. Matlock; " Dear little Jessie,'*. by Mr. HickB; and a ballad, "Mamma tell me where is heaven," by Mr. Bowman. ' Tip choruses and comical songs by Wilson, Crusoe," Mills, and Brown, were exceedingly well re ceived. The grand finale to the first portion or the entertainment, " Helen's Baby," was rattier a noisy affair. Billy Wilson's " baby voice being heard to its full advantage, • Keenan ana... Morton repeated their clog dance to the evident, satisfaction of the audience, and a quartette by Bowman, Matlock, Sanders, mid Miller was very creditably rendered and highly ..ap plauded. A laughable farce, "The Rival Tenants," caused great laughter, and Billy Wilson, for his song " The Funny.Old Gal," haa to submit to an encore. " The Big Black Four" . gave , an exhibition of their " attitudinising" powers, and Judge Crusoe convulsed the.audi ence with laughter by his quaint oration; The entertainment concluded with a scene, entitled "Our Home in Alabama 'fore War," which was intended to give an idea of the ^ statelet affqirs in " The South" before the emancipation. 