; miscelLvateods,. . At the Claplmm Junction Station, says tho London correspondent of tlio "Tewkes bury Wcokly Record," whoro there aro " Sevonty-fivo trains an hour— fivo trains ovory four miuutos — must bo rnthor bo- wildaring work'. 'But that is tho numbor which passes Claplmm Junction Station during tho busiest portion of tho day'; whilo, taking tho wholo 24 hours through, 042 trains pass Thoro aro no fowor than 13 lines of rails there. Tlio South Wostorn lino alouo is qtiita a systom of itsolf. It has 35 seta of points and 30 signals, workod and controlled from ono signal-box. Four distinct sots of trafiic aro niaungod from this box — tho main lino to Southampton Portsmouth, and Dovonport, tho Windsor and Roading loop lino, tho Ludgato-hillliiio, and tho Konsington lino. Two signalmen do tho work during tho day, nnd ono during tho night ; nncl tho timo of work is oight hours for each man or braco of moil. Evory ono of tho 30 signnls has its olcctricnl repeat. Placed in a frame immediately "ovor tho signal lovors aro boll keys and electrical switches by which tho instruments nt the adjoining boxes are worked. Thcso aro nil within ensy reach of tho Bignnlmcn, so that thoy may work them with ono hand whilo with tho othor. thoy' hntidlo tho lovers which oporato thoir lino signnls and points. A boy clork is always prosont, 'who, seated nt tho booking desk; notes down in tho book each signal as it is givon or rccoivod ; nnd facing him aro tho speaking instruments communicating with tho chief offices nt Watorloo, Nino Elms, and othors points of importftiico." Wk tako tho following from tho "Syd noy Alorning Horald" of the 27th tilt During tho past few days a rumour was prevalent in ono part of tlio city that somo ghosts had boon seen in tho vicinity of the University, mid that thoy had takon tho form of fonmlo figures in flowing robes, and disported thomsolves amongst tho gloomy battlonionts after tho " shades of evening " had closod o'or tho city. Num- boiBof people, interinixodwithalargo assort ment of tho larrikin element, congrogntcd on sovornl occasions in tho vicinity of tho soat of learning for tho special purposo of having a glanca nt tho spcctrnl visitants, and last night ihcy woro gratified boyond their most snnguino expectations. Sub- inspector Rush received information of their desiro, and sont sonior sorgennt AI'Kay, and Bovoral able-bodied constables to givo them satisfaction. Thoy found a motley crowd assembled, nud also saw a figure inarching up the Univorsity avenue dressed in a potticoat and euvorcd with a sheet. The constables immediately gavo chaso, but litis ghost wns too nimblo for them. It dropped its cerements, vaulted over the palings, nnd ran across tlio slir ub- bory,' whoro it disappeared among people and was seen no mure. Tho and potticoat were captured, howovcr bore ovidonco of having bton used by somo person or persons with little regard for cloanlinuss. It is to bo regretted tlmt tho police were not sufficiently cautious and nimble to catch the delinquent whose want of brains appears to havo been compensated forby llootucss of foot. " Aristnrohus," in tho " Whitehall Re view," says . — " A tolerably sure sign that tho war trouble is passing awny is tbo re turn of somo of the correspondents. Among those nvo Atv lleuty, of the " Standard," and Air J. Drow Gay, of the "Daily Telegraph." Aft Hcnty is a votamn .correspondent who always does good work at homo and abroad, biit Aft Gay is a young man whoso huu'ols nro of much more recent growth. Ha was the " Telegraph's " historian of tho Royal pro gress iu India last year ; now ho has entorod tlio lists for tho first time as a war correspondent, ono of tho most difficult, as it is tho most perilous, of Avocations. Untried ns Air Gay was, howovor, in tin's new sphere of his work, he hns como out of it remarkably well, mid has kept tho readors of his journal thoroughly au courunt of Eastern affairs. It is tho quick intelligence nnd tho surpassing industry of such men as Air Gay which enable nowspnpor editors to placo before their readers pictures radiant with local lifo nnd colour. In tho " Telegraph " wo havo read tho truth about Turkey, for that journal — tho most marvellous creation of . tho cheap press — hns had tho courage to go dead against tho sentiments of ninny of its myriad readers, niid . to diffuse throughout tho country accurate - views upon tho littlo-nndorstood Eastern ^Ques tion.. Air Gay, it may bo .added, is tho only limn who hnd tho norvo to go right across Turkey at tho timo tho Baslii- Bn/.ouks held tho country. Threo times his life wns nttcmptcd, and ho underwent manifold hardships in the interest of tho journnl which ho so well represented." It is not easy (observes tho "Austral asian " of Saturday to understand tlio rationality of tho vordict returned by tlio jury who tried Wallor Scott Watts, master of tlio ship Dorottn, for cruelty to an ap prentice uamod Wright, by tricing him up to aqmlo so that, according to ono witness, ho could only touch tho deck with Iub toes, or part only of his foot, Tho ovi- donco was contradictory, but the jury hold !tho charge proved; Thoy ' found tint tho defendant had been guilty of using ox- ccssivo punishment to tho boy. but re commended him to mercy on tlio ground of tho boy's sulkinessand laziness. Now, what wo find a difficulty of comprehend ing is how' tho misoonducb of tho boy could oxcuso oxcossivo punishmont A captain hns no right to inflict any punish ment, unless in tho enso of gross miscon duct, and has ho right to inflict oxcessive punishmont nt all. Tlio issuo wns, that a maii who was convicted of inflicting a cruel punishmont was recommended to mercy and lot oft' with n fine of ono shil ling. This can lmrdly bo viewed asa vory gratifying triumph of justice. " Fat moii not loss than weak mot) may profit by roading" (says the "Sanitary Record"), " tho results of an inquiry by Dr. Burcqoutho physical results of tho gymnastic training of adults. Dr. Burcq's investigations wcro mndo at tlio Alilitary School of Gymnastics, Vinccnncs. lie wcighod a certain number of the men who had to go through thcso oxorcisos, measured the capncity of their chest, and by means of a dynnmoter gaugod their muscular strength. Theso observations wore! taken boforo and after tho series of exorcises which tlio men had to go through for a certain period, and tho following woro tho results of observations on ono thousand men nt tho ond of six months. Tho musculnr' strongth ' wns increased by 23 nnd ovcu 38 per cent. tlio capacity of tlio chest was enlarged at least by one-sixth, and tho weight of tho moil was augmented by 15 por cent It may bo observed that the weight of tho subject wns incronsod nt tho oxponso of the' bulk; rather n dcsirablo result for fnt individuals, who ( ought to feel encouraged to adopt such simplo means to got nd of thoir super fluous fat by converting it into force'." 