THE POOR OLD POPE. He is not Logical. — He is not Con,sistent. He does not Understand Himself. So much has been said and written about the Pone beinir onnosed to Remiblican forms of government, that the poor old man has felt called upon to explain, and try to set himself right before the advocates of free government. In a recent conversation with a distinguished gentleman from Belgium, the Pope is supposed to have done this most effectually. He says, in effect, that he does not favor one form of government more than another. Re public or monarchy is all the same to him, so long as they respect the Church, protect the Catholic clergy, and give a religious education to the children. In regard to allegiance, he says he enjoyns upon all Catholics obedience tp the State, so long as it does not interfere with their consci ences. And Roman Catholic papers, are parading these declarations as most conclusive and satis factory that the Pope has no objection to a Republic based upon the wiU of the people. &itare; these exjilanations indeed satisfactory? Do they touch the gist and marrow of our objections ? Wc tbink not. The conditions imposed destroy their effect entirely. A free Republic must please itself whether it prefect his Church, or his priests or not. It must make its own laws. It must educate its own children, in its own way, without the least regard to the Pone's opinion. His idea of protection for his clergy, means that they shall be privileged as no other men are, to scold, whip, and othenvise abuse their poor dupes. Italy has just passed laws to restrain Catholic priests from these crimes, and the Pope has pror tested against them. . He thinks the State has no right to reduce priests to the level of other men, and make thein behave with decency. But what becomes of this poor twaddle about favoring Republics, when we read his encyclical letter of a few years past, in which he says, "It is a damnable heresy to hold that govern ment should rest upon thcwiU of the people." -Ah, Mr. Pope! Do you forget that letter? Do you tliinkthat'.w.e forget it ? , Do yoh. ; that you have claimed to be the supreme ruler of all mankind ? Do you forget that you have said th.at all spiritual matters belong ; to you, and that when they cbiifiict with the civil, you are the sole : judge of which must prevail ? , Men of . your, great claims should have better niemeries. .You should be more logical, more consistent: , ... All' Republics rest upon the assertion that government should rest upon the ; will of. the governed. : , You -have cursed , this seutunent. 'You have declared it to be a damnable heresy. ' pur fathers said it was true. , They, asserted it. They fought for .it. : They made the Re- Xmblio because they believed it.- , Y ou , say that belief, is danmable.< And yet you pretend that you do not bpixose Republic. Bah ! You must first unsay all . your :utterances of the last ten years. ' ' : And as to Catholic a;Uegiance, your condition is equally destructive of what yqu., would have this Belgian gentleman .belike. Catholics wUl obey the State ruiless tlieir cohsoieiices forbid 1 Indeed ! andV-when -will their consciences forbid? 'Whenever,tliei State refusesitd obey the Pope, whom they bolieve' to be all the same as God,' the supreme . ruler of all mankind, and whom they have s-xvorn to obey in all his OTinmaiids, iinder all circumstances, and to the end of their , lives. " ' In this discourse the Pope takes .occasion to say that many -good and eminent Catholics have fought to set up and sustain Republican institu tions. It is true, andVwe are glad to acknwledge it. - We trust- : and believe . that there are thousands oflree and enlightened Catholics in America who : would do. the . same . again to- niorrow if it -were necessary.' But it is because they, are above the Pope. It is because they do -not believe it a damnable heresy for people to go vera - themselvea.: . . It is .because they . have mingled with . Protestants, and.caught some of their light and liberty. ' V . .. Indeed theTe: are thousands, we hope -millions of Catholics in America, who have no sympathy with these absurd claims of the -Pope, who would gladly see the Church change its base.on ; these subjects, and become the Church- of free dom and the people. And if it does hot, they. vvill leave it; ' Our common schools; must , make more arid .more : of them. And the time will come, -when the Catholic Church of America will repudiate arid resist these high claims of the Roman PontiftV or abandon him altogether. Our opposition to the Pope and his Church rests upon the rearrogant claims entirely, arid claims entirely, and upon the abuses and tyrannies that grow out of them. We make no fight against Christian faith or practice. But we do, and shall while we live, denounce these abominable assumptions of the " Holy See." That the Pope is God, or Christ, or the Yicar or Vicegerent of either. That he is the supreme ruler of mankind, or one jot more or better than any other man. That he can over-rule or suspend a law, or command, or grant an indulgence to disregard it, or forgive those who do. That he|or his priests have any powfer or influence to help or save any man whose own conduct does not entitle him to Heaven. We hold them all to be wicked, mischievous and unchristian errors, tending to enslave and degrade all who believe them. Let the Pope renounce -them all, and we shall have done -with him. The Sibgb of Derby. — It will be seen by an advertisement in another column, that the Rev. J. A. Nolan is going to deliver his lecture on the above subject to the riiembers of No. 7 L. O. Lodge. We recommend the members of the Institution to be present on the occasion, as the lecture is well worth hearing. We have listened to it ourselves with pleasure, and can vouch for its being highly interestmg. The Mutual Provident Society.— This flourishing Assurance society are circulating -widely the pamphlet which reprints the pro ceedings of we laying of the foundation of weir . new offices, on the 23rd of January. The' perusal' of the speeches on the statuncs con tained in them, will be very-encouraging. to the fortunate members, and will help to swell that ever increasing tide of new business which is fioatincr this fine institution to unexamnled success. "Holier Than Thou."— The Moderator of the Presbyterian Church and two of the mem bers of the Presbyterian Assenably were re ceived very favourably and graciously by the Church of England Synod, on Friday last, as a deputation from the Presbyterians to the Bishop and his brethren, to convey to them Christian and fraternal greetings. It was ob vious that the Synod wanted to show the deputation the courtesy -which was due to them ; but two or three of the "High Flie" would not remmn to be defiled by such unholy- contact. We suppose that the ATOstolic Mr. Kemmis on this ground, quickly disappeared ; for how could he, a "priest of the moat High God," recoise and associate with poor Presby terian ministers, who have no orders, no sacraments, and no anything ? Dr. Vaughan's Hook and Crook. — the Romish young men of Sydney have subscribed about £200, and expended it upon a pastoral staff, or crozier, for the Coadjutor- Archbishop. The staff was presented with great ceremony the week before last, when, in making a great speech about the power and dignity of Bishops, he told the young men what was the use- and meaning of a crozier: "The hook," said 'he, "is for drawing you ; the middle for ruling you, and the point for giving you a tap on the head, if you should attempt to do otherwise than obey me." This was no doubt very com plimentary. It puts one in mind of the slave carving the chains with which he was bound, and thinkino- them verv beautiful. So thev may be. Golden chains are very beautiful. The sound of such chains is very musical ; but the sound fact yet remains — they are slaves who are held in them. The rest of the speech of Dr. Vaughan on the occasion is remarkable for this, that if what he says of Bishops be com pared with what St. Paul said of them, the fact -will be manifest that Popish Bishops, with ; their hooks and crooks, are just as unlike the scriptural Bishops of whom the Apostle spoke as darkness is different from light. Dr. Vaughan begins " the Bishop line's with Christ himself. Try to imagine Christ dressed with a Babylonian fiish headed mitre, with a lace petticoat on, -with a gold cross round his neck, and -with a £200 gold crozier in his hand ! Fancy "Peter thus made up ! Fancy Paul thus dressed ! Fancy the bishops of the little Church of Ephesus thus set off like guys ! The thing is so much a mockery and an insult that the thought of it is unbearable. But Bishop "Vaughan quotes glibly the texts, "Take heed to yourselves aud to all the flock wherein the Holy Ghost hath appointed you Bishops ;" " obey your prelates, for they watch for your souls.;" Why then does he not also quote the texts, "A Bishop must be the husband of one wife;" " A Bishop must have his children in subjection;" "A Bishop must rule his house and his children well ?" Why does he pass over these texts ? Their importance and truth are as certain as the other ; but he gives the slip to the latter and accepts the former just because the former appear to suit his Popish and corrupt and false system. If Bishop Vaughan, like a scriptural Bishop, bad a wife and family, he would have something else to do with his £200 than to buy hooks and crooks for the hooking and ruling and punching of sheep. But gold crowns and croziers are very beautiful. 