The Other World. THE April number of the Church Qu[?] Review-a magazine written and edited by man of great scholarly attainments-contains a re markable paper on the "Other World" which DQAB atf~the moment OX death W, nifftfiTl^ pMuK : "The factis that Oil eia« <* whet are cafli 'ghost atones' is so numerous and ao flrTTTlfflr ««Q authenticated, tiut the hedUata woajfl rafter be as to whether they be properly *»»* -aajufal at all. \Y« mean that the qusftifop arises whether it mw not be possible in, the nature of things—under certatacirmimstsAossx for the departing spirit to manifest itaety jfo distant friends at the instant, the I*etiag moment, oj transition from ttu> world to. .$• other t If any one replies, if so, vhj is tt; 'a^t •tea Mfonxonunon ? our saswer is Mty. I^mp s^entfiabwpof tilings quite nMursi whi^, sb» mach #ore uooommon than thewdl- ssowtainsa ustMoesof thuobss of erent. In the Jmnis 1 in which these pages are written, a tall and.mop ■Uiroase,-window, with a northern aspepL throws a strong side-light on the entrance into the ehkf li,Ting-r^oAi, which stands at the end 'ol.,» passage running nearly the length of the hpn»f> It was after, midday, in midwinter, many, years since, that the writer left his study, which opens into the passage just mentioned, on his way. Jp his early dinner. The day was rather foggj, but there < was not density of vapor, yet^be door at the end of the passage seemed obscured by mist As he advanced, the mist, so toos>U|L gathered into one spot, deepened, and formed itself into the outline of • human figure, the head and shoulders becoming more and more distinct, while the rest of the body seemed enveloped ia a gauzy, oloak-like vestment of many fqUts, reaching downwards so as to hide the feat, ana from its width, as it rested on the flagna passage, giving a pyramidal outline. Th«Tull light of the window fell on the object, whkh was so thin and tenuous in its consistency wajt the light on' the panels of a highly varnished door were visible uuroagh this lower part of- the dress. It was altogether colorless, a stasoe carved in mist The writer was so startled, that he is uncertain whether he moved ionrard or stood stuL He was rather astonished thea terrified, for his first notion was that his was witnessing some hitherto unnoticed effect ai light and shade. He had no thought of anfthjaf supernatural, till, ss he gased, the head wm turned towards him, and he at once recognised the features of a very dear friend. The e^. pression of his countenance was that of hoJjL peaceful repose, and the gentle, kindly aspics which it wore in daily life was intensified (so the writer, in recalling the sight, has ever since felt) into a parting glance of deep affection; And then, in an instant, all passed away. Hardly, till then, did he realise that he had been brought into dose communion with the supernatural, The result was great awe, but no terror, so that instead of retreating to his study he went forward and opened the door, close to which the apparition had stood. Of course he could not doubt the import of what he had seen, and the morrow's or the next day's post brought the tidings that his friend had tranquilly passed out of this world at the time when he was seen by the writer. It must be stated that it was a sudden summons ; that the writer had heard nothing of him for some weeks previously, and that nothing had brought him to his thought op tat 