ST. JOHN'S CHURCH, A YOCA. The sixth anniversary of the opening of the new church was celebrated on Sunday last, when special services were conducted by His Lordship the-Bishop of Baliarat, assisted by the Rev. James Norton, the Incumbent. The services were numer ously-attended, the church being filled both in the morning and evening, and amongst tlie congrega tion on- each occasion were many members of all the other- churches. The Bishop preached two very impressive sermons, which were listened to with marked attention. Last evening the ladies of the congregation gave a tea meeting in the Shire Hall, and from tho profusion of good things displayed, and the tasteful arrangement and ornamentation of the tables, they seem to have taken a vast amount of trouble to make the affair a success. H tables ever do "groan," as they are often said to do under- the weight of abundant edibles, those tables should have groaned considerably. There were specimens of the confectioner's art in every de partment. and unlimited as to quantity. Moun tains of sandwiches-, pyramids of peaches, pluius. pine apples, aud pears. Flowers, too. were every where, but never in the way, and always displayed with, good taste. The very best of attention was given" to the guests at each of the three tables, and the utmost satisfaction was expressed on all sides- at the completeness of the arrangements made for the comfort of all who attended. During the time that the tables were being cleared, a g-ood number of persons met the Bishop in the Church, when, after singing- some hymns, his Lordship offered some remarks in a conversa tional manner on several subjects connected with the mode of public worship. He found fault with the absence of congregational singing in nearly all the churches he- visited, aud after reminding his hearers that vocal music was a distinctive pecu liarity of Christian worship, he begged them to join in it heartily, speaking to the hearts of each other in spiritual songs, and strengthening each other in devotional exercises.. Ho also complained of the half-hearted manner- in which many congre gations joined in tho responses of the liturgy, regarding the earnestness or otherwise- of these respouses as being indicative of tho amount- of vitality existing in a church. He then invited those present to join him in a short liturgical prayer from the evening service, and the effect of his Lordship's remarks in the matter of the re sponses was pleasantly apparent- The Bishop then delivered a short but stirring address on Ephesians nr., 16th to 19th verses : — " That He would grant yon, according to the riches of His glory, to be strengthened with might by His spirit- in the inner man ; that Christ might dwell in your hearts by faith ; that ye, being rooted and groun ded in love, may be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth, and length, and depth, and height ; and to know the love of Christ, which passeth knowledge, that ye might bo filled with all the fulness of God." The tables having been cleared in tho hall, the proceedings were opened with a prayer- by the Bishop, after which a short introductory address was given by the Rev. James Norton, in which he acknowledged the Bympathy and support he had received from the congregation during tho short time he had been in charge of the church. He was , glad to be able to say that the church was in a solvent state, and was rapidly recovering from the difficulties whieh had lately surrounded it. He had never made it a custom to mix up the church's financial matters with his pulpit teaching, believ ing that if he could fill the hearts eff his hearers with active religious feeling, the "means for the temporal support of the church would come as a natural consequence, and he was glad to perceive that the future gave promise of improvement- in \- this respect. Duet, piano, Mrs Choniley and Miss Peck. The Rev. George Mathers (Presbyterian minis- "ter of Avoca), congratulated the minister and members of the church on the success which had attended the tea meeting, and then delivered some carefully considered and pleasing remarks on Christian tolerance and good fellowship amongst the sects. He pointed to the good feeling existing between the different religious denominations, which was yearly increasing, and said he t nought that tea meetings had a good d->il to do with the improvement noticeable. Ministers and people of all denominations were beginning to see that tho points which separated them were fewer in num ber, and of less. importance, than those upon which they were agreed, and they had also discovered that the only provocation they had a right "to give to each other was that which should provoke to good works. The time was coming, he thought, when the churches would still more heartily co operate with each othty, striving which church should be found most active and hearty in Christian works. Meanwhile, he hoped that the churches and Christian people- would encourage each other in labor, and in lighting the good fight side by side, and with an assured hope that in due time each aud all would receive their reward. Anthem by the choir, " Hear my Prayer." The Rev. G. A. C. Innes, of Maryborough, after offering the usual congratulations, said he di 1 not think it courteous to come before an audience without having prepared something to say to them. As the rev. gentleman's remarks progressed, however, it became evident that he was in the position which he condemned, and probably many of those present were disappointed at not receiving an address of the good quality usually given by this gentleman. His remarks were, however, of a very humorous character, and caused much laugh ter amongst the audience. Piano solo, Miss Reid. The Rev. H. Greenwood (Wesleyan minister, Avoca), offered some well-ehosen words on seve-. ral hindrances to the growth of spiritual Chris tianity, as worldliness, rationalism, church debts,, bigotry, dc., concluding by expressing a hope that all the churches would continue to work together,, and that they vould receive God's blessing upon their efforts. Song, Mr Wilson, "Pray for Those at Sea," with pianoforte acconipanynient by Mrs Choniley.. Dr. Thornton, the bishop of the diocese, said lie was very glad to notice grounds for thankfulness to. God, aud for congratulation to those present, in the progress made by the church during the year. He took an especial interest in the church at Avoca. for the reason that he had been brought in contact with it in connection with its diffieul-. ties: ho and. the church had passed through some troubles together, and he was much pleased to see that the measures taken had been, so successful, that the difficulties were now fairly in progress of settlement. This improvement showed that the congregation had taken a new interest in the pro-, gress of their church, and they and the managing body were working satisfactorily. He observed that the debt on the church building iia-I been, reduced to £10. which, of its-df. was satisfaotorv. but he noticed that this had been accomplished to a certain extent- by the sale of church property. He had not been consulted about that safe, and as the affair was now over and con Id not be altered he would not scold about it, but he wished it to ' be remembered that he did not approve of church lands being sold without his consent, as provided by church, laws. This was an exceptional case, however, as it appeared that the land had not been obtained from the Crown, but had been pur chased by the local church authorities : still he- wished it to be understood that in the future he must be consulted in such matters. He was pleased to notice the fair sum sot down in the balance shoot for the offertory (299 13s 3D. and tho assistance rendered by the outlying districts. These wore signs of encouragement and subj- ets | for thankfulness. As it w;is liis duty to do. he had given much attention to church economics, and had found after much thought that the offer tory. of all sources of church revenue, was tiis- most reliable and most capable of development If the members would only realise this fact, the. power of continually giving a little, they might very soon laugh at all their financial dirh. uln.-s. He found that- taking the whole district there were from twenty to thirty services Lrid in the churches per month. If members w.ciu only make up their minds only to give a little- continually, they would find that the whole amount required for the support of the .-hurebe wculi be raised with ease, and without any necessity for- special efforts of auy kind. He found from caicu-. lation made that a large proportion, even of those who attended church, did not give anything, but if all would adopt his advice the work would be evenly distributed, and not left to a few; the- church would, moreover, be supported by those who attended, and they would not have to depend upon the contribution of some opulent resident- in the neighborhood, perhaps, who in dolently sent liis cheque once a year, and fancied he had thus performed his duty to his God and his church. As their own church prospered, he would also remind them that they had a responsi bility to assist the newly settled districts in the north, by contributing to theSustentationFundhe had established, and he hoped shortly to receive some assistance to this fund from this portion of the diocese — something worthy of Avoca. Ho had recently travelled all over Victoria, with ihe ex ception of Gippsland, and while he had found much to be thankful for. he had also found much to fill a minister's heart with sorrow, even with consternation, in the neglect of God's work. He hailed the arrival of the new Bishop of Melbourne with gladness : he was a man of faith, a man of piety, a. man of" sagacity, and he (Bishop Thornton) would feel the greatest interest in watching his career. After -speaking of the ungodliness which existed in some parts of the colony, he s:aid it should be the part of the church to seek to cul tivate a desire for good, and to this end he wanted to see personal, and" individual effort, and social and combined effort; If members individually were cold, the church was necessarily eohl. but if individually the members were warm andearne-t, the church had a warm and powerful vitality for good. The individual influence of one golly, faithful, and earnest layman, was worth more than the minister's sermons.. He wished" and preyed for such men in the church.. He wished to see more faith, more work, more backbone and cheer ful earnestness amongst the lay members, and then would be seen more progress and good work in the church. After speakirg of a bishop's duties in encouraging, urging, and stimulating members, he said he hoped their bishop's appeal would have a good effect, and that when ho came again he hoped to find that all had done well, that they had progressed in piety, brotherly love, temperance, aud all good works, and that there were more of those who had come out boldly for Christ. He spoke highly of the great work done in. England by Messrs. Moody and Sankey, at whose meetings he had been present, bntr as there was no light, however bright, but rest a shadow, so there were some things in connection with these meeting of whieh he could not approve. Those only proved the truth of the saying that where tho Holy Ghost was busy there would the devil be busy too. He trusted that the spirit of God would rest upon and animate the people of this district to the glory of God. (Applause). The choir then performed the prayer from Rossini's oratorio of "Mose in Egitto," " Dal Tuo stellate soglio" (To Thee Great Lord). Votes of thanks were given to the ladies who gave and presided at the tea, to the Bishop and ministers who had spoken, aud to the choir, and, after the choir had sung the Italian choral "Holiest breathe an Evening Blessing," the Bishop gave the benediction and the proceedings terminated. The choir performed under rather severe diffi culties. Mr Powell, the leadetv was very ill with rheumatism in his foot, but. still maintained his place and did better than could have been ex pected of him, and several ladies and gentlemen upon whose assistance he depended were un avoidably absent from illness and other causes. 