THE INSTALLATION OF THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE. The installation of the Right Reverend Dr. James Moorhouse, bishop of Melbourne, was performed yesterday, in the Cathedral Church of St James, William-street The occasion was one of great interest to the members of the Episcopalian denomination, and it was to be regretted that the ceremony could not have been held in a building affording more accommodation for the large number of those desirous of witnessing it St, James's, though dignified with the title of the cathedral church, has none of the characteristics of the cathedral about it but the name, and when put forward as the representative building of the most numerous denomination in the colony, gives but a poor impression of the energy and spirit of its members. The church has not sitting accommodation for more than SOO, and the number of tickets issued were limited to that amount, but there were many more present yesterday. Seals were placed along the aisles, and throughout the service a large number of persons were standing. A majority of the congregation consisted of ladies. The service commenced shortly after 11 o'clock. The clergy and chapter met the bishop at the principal entrance to the church, and conducted him to the chancel in procession in the following order The vergers, lay cououb, deacons, priests, and is one (in surplices), the archdeacons, the bishop of Ballarat, the bishop, the chaplains of the late bishop, and the registrar. The bishop was seated in a chair on the north side of the communion table, and the archdeacons and canons also took their places within the chanceL The rest of the clergy, the lay canons, and registrar, were Bested in places set apart for them immediately outside the rails. Mr. Summers, who acted as organist, played on the introductory voluntary Handel's Coronation Anthem and Vivian's silver trumpet march. Morning prayer was read by the Rev. Canon Becher, the incumbent, and the proper Psalms for the day-work, xxxvi., c were then sung by the choir, consisting of members of the choirs of St Peter's and St. James's, to the chants by Crotch, Battisbill, and the 6th Gregorian tune. The first lesson from Isaiah liv. was read by the Rev. Canon Goodman, and upon its conclusion the ceremony of installation was commenced. Owing to the illness of the dean and to the unavoidable absence of Archdeacon Crawford, the senior archdeacon, the installa- tion was performed by Archdeacon Tucker, who was empowered to act by commission from the dean as vicar-general. The bishop delivered to Archdeacon Tucker his letter commendatory from the Archbishop of Canterbury, which were read aloud by the registrar, the Hon. T. T. A'Beckett, and were to the following effect : On Sunday, the 22nd day of October, in the year of Our Lord, 1876, and in the eighth year of the translation of the Right Hon. and Most Reverend Father in God, Archibald Campbell, by Divine Providence Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate of all England, and Metropolitan in the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, at Westminster, in the city of Westminster, the said Right Honourable and Most Rev rend Father the Lord Archbishop, by virtue and authority of a certain Royal mandate or warrant under the Royal signet or sign manual of Her Most Gracious Majesty and our Sovereign Lady Victoria, by the grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, and 80 forth, directed to him of the tenor following, to wit : Victoria R. (r,. s) - Victoria, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith. To the Most Reverend Father in God, Archibald Campbell by Divine Providence Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate of all England, and metropolitan, greeting Whereas you, the said archbishop, have hambly applied to us for our licence by warrant, our sign manual and signet, authorising and empowering you to consecrate our trusty and well beloved James Moorhouse, Doctor of Divinity, to be a bishop, to the intent that he should exercise his functions in one of our possessions abroad. Now it is our will and pleasure, and we do by this our licence, under our sign manual and signet, authorise and empower you, the said archbishop, to consecrate the said James Moorhouse to be a bishop and we do further authorise and em- power you to do, perform, and execute all and singular those things which belong to your immoral office, in respect of such consecra- tion as aforesaid, according to the laws, statutes, and canons in this behalf made and provided. Given at our Court at Balmoral this 24th day of October, 1876, in the 40th year of our reign. By Her Majesty's com- mand.- Carnarvon." The right reverend fathers in God John, by Divine permission lord bishop of London ; James, by Divine permission lord bishop of Hereford and Dr. Charles Perry, late lord bishop of Melbourne, assisting him, consecrated the said Reverend James Moorhouse, doctor of divinity, to be a bishop, as mentioned in the said Royal mandate, he having at the appointed time of the said consecration taken the following oath : " In the name of God. Amen. I, James Moorhouse, to be consecrated a bishop, do profess and promise all due reverence and obedience to the archbishop and to the metro- political church of Christ, Canterbury, and to their successors. So help me God, through Jesus Christ The rites, circumstances, and ceremonies anciently used in the Church of England, being observed and applied according to the form and manner prescribed in the book entitled, "The form and manner of making and consecrating bishops, priests, and deacons, in the presence of me, John Hassard, notary public, principal registrar of the Province of Canterbury, there being then and there also present, the Very Rev. Arthur Penrhyn Stanley, D.D., dean of the said Collegiate Church of St Peter, Westminster ; also, Frederick William Farrar, canon of the said Collegiate Church, D.D., and Harry Wilmot Lee, Esq., one of the secretaries to the said Most Reverend the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, with many others then and there assembled, which I attentions Hassard, Registrar and Notary Public." The bishop then made the following declaration prescribed by the act of the Church Assembly, No. 2, 1873-4, James Moorhouse, do solemnly and sincerely declare my acceptance of the constitution of the United Church of England and Ireland in the colony of Victoria, as it is set forth in the Act 18 Victoria, No. 45, commonly known as the Church Constitution Act and the act to amend the same, passed in the 36th year of the reign of her present Majesty, and numbered 454 and that I will, to the host of my ability, give effect thereto, and to the acts passed in pursuance thereof, until the same or any of them shall respectively be lawfully altered or varied." Archdeacon Tucker then read the words of installation, as follows:-"I, the Venerable Joseph Kidgor Tucker, D D., archdeacon of Beechworth, under the authority of a commission issued to me by the Very Reverend Hussey Burgh Macartney, doctor of divinity, dean of the Cathedral Church, and vicar general of the diocese of Melbourne, do, on this, the 11th January, 1877, install and induct effectually, and in full episcopal right, you the Right Rev. Father in God, James Moorhouse, D.D., in your own proper person, the bishop of Melbourne, elected, confirmed, and consecrated into the real, actual and corporal possession of the said bishopric and cathedral church of Melbourne, with all in rights, dignities, honours, privileges, and appurtenances whatsoever, and I do assign to you the said bishop the episcopal seat in the chair usually assigned and appointed to the bishop, according to the custom of this cathedral church in this behalf" This concluded the ceremony, and the service proceeded, The Te Deum and Bene- dict as by Hopkins in F, was sang by the choir. The Rev. Canon Chase read the second lesson Rev. iii. The anthem was taken from the oratorio of St Paul, "Now we are ambassadors," and " How lovely are the messengers." At the conclusion of the anthem, the Bishop of Ballarat read the Ante communion service, Archdeacon Tucker read the Epistle and Archdeacon Stretch the Gospel. A hymn was sung, and the bishop then proceeded to the pulpit, and preached taking for his text Matthew vi. 33-" Seek ye first the kingdom of God and His right, congress." He said I have been asked, my friends, not to preach a sermon to-day the length of the service forbids it-but to say a few simple words on this grave and solemn occasion which has brought us all together. I think these words will not be unwittingly spoken in endeavouring to unfold to you the meaning and application of the words of my text. If any one had asked the Apostles what they had been sent out into the world to do, they would, I suppose, have answered readily-to set up the Kingdom of God. This must have been their answer, because when their Muster sent them forth in His life-time to minister His grace to their own countrymen, the message they were commissioned to preach was the Kingdom of Heaven is at hand." We know that to explain the nature of that Kingdom our Lord delivered many of His discourses, especially the parables and to bring all men into the fold He sent forth His disciples to preach the word to all nations. You see then how important in the question 'Vt bat is the nature of that Kingdom of God which bishops are sent forth to minister unto and which they are to build up among the Christian people in the world ? In the first place it is clear from Holy Writ that the Kingdom of Heaven is something in this world We know that from our Lord's teaching by parables. Not merely did He set forth this kingdom under the image of earthly similitude but under such simple idea ob represented a mixed company of good and evil. Thus in the parable of the wheat and the tares, the wheat, he says represented the children of the King the tures the children of the wicked one, and when the disciples would uproot the taren He forbids them to do so, saying, " Let them both grow together to the harvest which is the end of the world ' We know that the mixed condition of good and evil which belongs to Christ's Church militant is not a characteristic of the church triumphant Still, although the kingdom of Heaven is in it) is world, it is quite clear from Scripture that it is not of this world, neither in spirit nor in its main objects " If My kingdom were of this world," said our Redeemer, " then would My servants fight that of be not delivered to the Jews ' St. Paul tells us that the kingdom of God is not meat or drink, not anything outward sensuous, or material, but something inward and spiritual right etnsneBB, peace, joy, and the Holy Ghost, Very little attention to these words sets left are us shortly what is the true estimate of the kingdom of God about which we are in quinn). It is first a new relation to God -a relation to God which has for ltB bran and result righteousness and joy in the Holy Spirit and next, it is better and trained lion to man, founded on the law of love in accordance with the spirit of the kingdom of God These two things, a new relation to God and a right relate u to man, are them, selves manifested and indicated by a deep and abiding peace So you see why St. Paul tells us that the kingdom of God is right entrances, peace, joy, and the Holy Ghost If any of you want to know whether you are really in spirit and in truth members of that Kingdom, you must put to yourself two questions-not am I baptiBed, but have I entered into a new relation with God, and a light relation with man God forbid that I should undervalue for one moment the privileges of holy baptism. Tome they seem to be of inestimable value, for they do indeed secure to each individual who has been introduced into the visible church through bip them that love of God which is promised to all the world in the general proclamation of the Gospel If any man ask me how do you know that God in Christ loves all mankind I would point to the text which forms a part of the beautiful anthem which has been sung and which says, Christ reconciled-nor this man, nor that man, but-the world unto Himself, and if further I were asked, what is the meaning of the word world," how do you know that you or any other man belongs to that world, then I would point to the fact that in accordance with the will and by the direction of our Divine Master we are brought while little ones, and without any merit of our own, and are signed with the cross of Jesus in token of that love which God in Christ has for the whole world. It is '. one thing, however, to offer the gift, and another whether that gift was accepted If I were to offer a gold coin to a mendicant in the streets, it is his as far as my will and intention are concerned, but it does not become his property actually until he per c finally appropriates it, until he stretches forth his hand and takes it God gives His ' pardon to all men through Jesus Christ, but we must take it, or it does not become oura j individually The grace of the kingdom of ' God is offered to all, and is given in holy bap ' tiBm, but when we arrive at an ago to an ' derBtand the nature of this gift and the ( conditions attached thereto, we must con , sciously stretch forth our hands In faith, and take this gift to ourselves My beloved brethren, I do not care much for forms and * shows, though these may be necessary in c their place, but I had rather know that one a man or one woman in this place was verily and in deed a member of the kingdom of ' J «bub than have all the forms in the world ' I would put it as a personal question to each ' individual-have you entered into that now J relation with God through the blood of ' Christ, and consequently into the right re- ' lation with man ' Have you crucified pride I anger, impurity, covetousness and Relish. a nest of all kinds, and are you ready and will ing to follow the example of Jesus, and by the ' aid of the Blessed Spirit to give up your own ( will and to do the will of the Blessed Father £ on high, and to do unto all men as you would they should do unto you ' If you can ( say that truly, you are verily and indeed u J a member of the kingdom of Jesus If, in J supply, there be any here who cannot give a an affirmative answer to these questions, I would ask them to ponder well the words of my text, ' Seek ye first the kingdom of God ' You know what it is I have tried to show you that Ought you not to seek that first' Which is better soul or body time or eternity, the favour of God or of man, the 1 satisfaction of our own selfish lusts and pleasures, of the gratification of the immortal B| irrt ' which will make a man happy and Loblo below, and which will best fit him for the life beyond the grave It the former- t if the kingdom of God and His righteousness be the better thing-is it not reasonable to i BBk that you should seek that first' If you I do this, you will surely; reap the promise son 1 erected with the injunction, Seek ye first to the kingdom of God and His righteousness ( and all these things shall be added unto 1 you The offertory was then made, and the service concluded The communion service was afterwards held, and the sacrament was administered by the bishop assisted by the Bishop of Ballarat, and Archdeacon Tucker A large number of communicants remained After the service was over, the bishop and clergy returned to the diocesan registry, and ( addresses were then presented to the bishop Archdeacon Tucker presented the following address from the clergy of the diocese - "To the Right Reverend James Bishop of , Melbourne " Right Reverend Father in God, "Vie, the clergy of your diocese, desire to offer you a hearty and respectful welcome on the occasion of your assuming the episcopal duties which you have been called to exercise among us. " We desire to give utterance to out davon' thankfulness to the Chief Shepherd and Bishop of Souls that He has inclined your heart to respond to the call made to you and that He bee safely brought you here to succeed to the seat so long and so worthily - filled by your beloved and revered press censor and we assure you that we look for ward with confident hope to the blessings which will come to us and to the church at large by your pastoral oversight and your friendly advice to us in the work of our ministry, and we trust that you will find us ready according to our ordination vow, to follow with a glad mind and will your godly admonitions Different as are our circumstances from those of the church in England, none the less do we regard ourselves as ministers of that church, accepting the responsibilities as well as the privileges of our heritage, and we desire to maintain a dutiful submission to her laws and discipline, and devout attach ment to her creeds, services, and standards of faith as set forth in the Book of Common Prayer, together with a full appreciation of that comprehensiveness which has been truly sold to distinguish her among the other branches of the Church of Christ "You will soon find what are the difheal ties which, from the special characteristics of this country, beget our church in bearing a true and effectual witness to the kingdom of God and the gospel of His grace but we trust that, under the guidance of a bishop to whom the true relation of Christianity to the culture, the science and the pocultarneeds moral and intellectual of the day, is well known, we shall be enabled to contend wisely as well as boldly for the faith once delivered to the saints That you may find favour with God and be honoured of men, and that the church over which you preside being delivered from all heresy, seinem, and Scandals may go forward and prosper, so that through her prosperity true religion and godliness may be established among us, to the glory of God our Saviour, and the welfare of our fellow men, in the earnest prayer of Right reverend sir, (Signatures follow) " Sir William Stawell, Chief Justice, presented the following address, signed by over 3,000 members of the laity " " To the Right Reverend James Moorhouse, D. D. , Bishop of Melbourne Right Reverend Father in God We members of the Church of England in the Diocese of Melbourne, both lay and clerical, beg to approach you, on the occasion of your installation, with feelings of the deepest reverence for your office and esteem for your person, Your arrival amongst us at this sacred season seems toconnectus afresh with the dawn of Christianity and we recognise in you another link in that great chain of overseers who, is God's providence, have ruled over the church from the time of the Apostles to this our day. Seeing that you have been elected to your sacred office after a principle carefully thought over and agreed upon in the assembly of the church, and with many oft repeated prayers on the part of believers, we trust we can without in ever since adopt the language of the first Council of Jerusalem, and truly say of your appointment to preside over the church in this diocese, that it has seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to ub.' " You will find amongst us men of various shades of opinion respecting debateable points in our common faith ; yet we can assure you that all such points have been hitherto discussed amongst us in a Christian spirit, and that the discussion, while carried on with freedom and boldness, as becomes those who seek and love the truth, yet has led to no breach of Christian charity. " Those of us who have borne office in the church, whether in the sacred ministry or in her legislature, or in the local administration of her secular affairs, have been always ready to pay a dutiful regard to the voice of authority. We ever listened with respectful attention to all suggestions of our late diocesan, for whom we continue to maintain an unabated affection, and we are prepared to pay the same orderly deference to you in your capacity of chief pastor. "The general satisfaction with which your unanimous nomination by the board of electors was received throughout the diocese justifies the hope that harmony and peace will be enjoyed by us under your government; while we trust that neither you nor Mrs. Moorhouse, to whom we offer every assurance of affection and welcome, will ever know any other feeling than joy that you have listened to the call of the church in this land and accepted the high office and dignity in which we see you to-day established. "That God may bless your rule over us in Spiritual things to the glory of His name, the wellbeing of this diocese, and your own future and reward at the day of our Lord's appearing, is the unfeigned prayer of your faithful servants." The Bishop acknowledged the addresses, but requested to be excused from replying at length, as he was suffering from the prevail- ing epidemic, and would have to Bpo the later in the afternoon. He cordially reciprocated the kindly feeling expressed in those ad dresses. The Bishop of Ballarat introduced a depu- tation from the clergy and laity of the diocese of Ballarat, who were desirous on behalf of their diocese, of welcoming his lordship to his new sphere of labour, and of presenting their hearty congratulations to him on his safe arrival in the colony. They hoped soon to be able to welcome him in Ballarat Mr. W. H. Gaunt, P.M., on behalf of the laity of the Ballarat diocese, welcomed his lordship. The Bishop replied, thanking them for their courtesy. His engagements in his own diocese were so numerous that for some time to come he would be unable to visit the diocese of Ballarat. The proceedings then terminated. THE LUNCHEON. The luncheon to welcome the Right Rev. Dr. Moorhouse to the diocese, was held in the Athen rcum, after the ceremonies connected with the installation service. The luncheon was very successful, there being fully 300 ladies and gentlemen present His Excellency the Governor presided. He was accompanied by Lady Bowen and Miss Bo seen. The guest of the day, the Right Rev. Dr. Moorhouse, was Reared on the right hand of the Governor, and next to him was his Honour the Chief Justice. On the left of the Governor were seated the Right Rev. Dr. Thornton, Bishop of Ballarat, the Dean of Sydney, and Mr. Justice Stephen. After the luncheon, His Excellency; proposed the first toast. He said- Ladies and Gentlemen, I have been requested by the reception committee to take the chair here to-day, in the lamented absence through severe illness of our dear and venerated friend, the Dean, whose long connexion with this diocese would have enabled him to preside on this occasion much more efficiently than I can hope to do. The first toast on the list is of course that toast which comes first in every assembly of Britons throughout the world is the health of our beloved sovereign the Queen. (Loud cheers.) The new Bishop of Melbourne will soon learn how enthusiastic in the loyalty of the people of Victoria let me say, of all Australia. A great English statesman once said that loyalty is in England a sentiment, but in Australia a passion. However, whether our loyalty be a sentiment or a passion, we can assure the bishop that it is not an unreasoning feeling For it is founded, in the first place, on our deep reverence alike for the exalted office, and for the personal virtues of the Queen and in the second place, on the fact that the Crown is the symbol of our common British nationality ; it is the golden link which binds together the British race in all quarters of the globe. Ladies and gentlemen. I give you "The Queen- God bless her." (Land herB.) The toast was drunk with enthusiasm. Sir W F. Stawell proposed the next tour The Governor." Sir George Bowen had come amongst them that day as a churchman, having kindly undertaken to discharge the duties of chairman. He was sure there was not one amongst them who would not appreciate Sir George Bowen's kindness in so acting, but he then that it would not be befitting to him (Sir W F. Stawell), and not becoming to the assembly if they forgot that, although acting as their chairman, heat the same time filled the position of representative of Her Majesty. (Hear, hear) In proposing the toast, be must be permitted to say that Sir George Bowen, by the graceful discharge of his social duties, and his readiness to participate in every movement by which the community could in any way be advanced, bas contributed not a little in his (Sir W. F. Stawell's) opinion... to the good government of the colony of which they were all so proud. (Cheers.) The toast was drunk with great warmth. His Excellency, in reply, said I thank my friend for the kind terms in which he has proposed my health, and I thank all present for the cordial manner in which they have responded to the toast I assure you that it is with very great pleasure that I am here to day to meet so many members of the church of our fathers, to which we cling all the more fondly in this new land of our adoption and to join in the welcome which they are giving to our new bishop. The episcopate of than eminent and revered gentleman and scholar, the first Bishop of Melbourne, was memorable in many ways; and I am confident that no man will rejoice more sincerely than Bishop Perry that he has found be worthy a successor. AS our time is brief, and there are many toasts to follow, I will only glance at the distinguished career of Bishop Moorhouse at the University of Cambridge and in the ministry of the church at home. I may, however, mention that when I was in England last year I heard in high quarters that an English bishop'. would soon be offered to the then Vicar of Paddington, while we all know that since km acceptance of the see of Melbourne our chief pastor was offered, and declined, the high office of Bishop of Calcutta and metropolitan of India. Assuredly it is the duty of all of us to do our utmost, by our zealous support and co-operation, that the bishop may never repent his throwing in his lot among us. I am confident we may look forward, on his part, to an- able, energetic, and enlightened direction of our own communion, and to the continuance of friendly relations with the other churches in this country. I am also sure that you all, ladies and gentlemen, will join with me in tendering a sincere welcome to Mrs. Moorhouse. She will, I am confident, form a worthy successor of Mrs. Perry in every good work of charity and love. I think you will be glad to hear that Mrs. Moorhouse has already expressed so favourable an opinion of Melbourne that she is never likely to persuade the bishop to return to England, Bishop Perry himself often said that he would have wished to live and die among us had it not been for his wife, and this was declared by a friend of mine to be an argument for the celibacy of the clergy, or at least of the bishops. We feel assured that no act on the part of Mrs. Moorhouse will ever be represented as an argument for option;.! celibacy. But, ladies and gentlemen, I have already detained you too long. Without for their preface, I give you " Health, long life, and prosperity to the new Bishop of Melbourne." The Right Rev. Dr. Moorhouse (who was received with applause, in replying, said: Your Excellency, ladies and gentlemen, I do feel that the reception I have met with in Melbourne is infinitely beyond any deserts I have conceived myself to poa Ross. As you have already been informed by His Excellency I have formed a most favourable impression of Melbourne; but I have not been allowed to remain even for half a dozen days without being impressed with a good deal of the difficulties and responsibilities of the office which I have undertaken to fill. I stated to-day to the gentlemen who presented me the addresses of welcome that I was too ill then reply and promised todeli ver a reply to those addresses at the luncheon ; perhaps, therefore, you will excuse me if I trespass a little longer on your time than I otherwise would consider necessary. (Hear, hear.) I think there will not be any necessity for me to deal separately with the addresses of the clergy and laity, and I will therefore consider them together as displaying the feeling of the church in the diocese of Melbourne. First and foremost I will allude to the reference made to my beloved and revered predecessor. I can assure you, and I am sure you can well understand, that I felt most reluctant to take up a burden while a man like that had laid down. I felt rather in the position of Elisha when the mantle of Elijah the great master was three is up in him. (Applause ) At the same time it was some comfort to know that probably the person who had most induced me to accept the office was my predecessor It was he who most earnestly put the matter before me, and when, in addition to this, the judgment of my revered predecessor was backed up by my own inclination, I felt that there was very little wanting to constitute a call from God for this especial work. It is quite true, as His Excellency had said, that I was requested to accept the bishopric of Calcutta, but at that time I had consented to become Bishop of Melbourne, for which I had already felt a vocation, and I could not give up my first love even to accept a more brilliant position (Applause ) You have said in your address that you look upon me as another link in that great chain of overseers who in God a providence have ruled over the Church from the time of the Apostles to this our day It is perhaps a great feature of our church that we can look back to an unbroken chain of bishops dating from the day that Timothy was charged " to lay hands suddenly upon no man' This is one reason we can all give for the divine origin of our church (Hear, hear) If we are asked at some future time to give a reason for our belief that the Queen of England exercised authority in these colonies, we could give of course a great number of reasons, but certainly one of them would be a hat of the Governors appointed by Her Majesty from the constitution of the colony until the appointment of the able and scholarly gentleman now presiding at this assembly. (Cheers ). It is therefore a matter of congratulation to me that I am called upon to be a link in that great chain, which in addition to US other merits does so much to prove the divine origin of our blessed Saviour In your address you have also said our church is a comprehensive institution, of particularly remarked that phrase, "because I believe it to be profoundly true. There are several reasons why the church in din languished by this characteristic Oao is that her constitution allows great diversity of opinion on doctrinal points to exist within her pale without destroying her unity (Applause ) When coming here I was in company with a celebrated dissenting divine and on one occasion be said to me that our church was fortunate in not having to define inspiration. The position taken up by the church necessarily leaves room for considerable diversity of opinion Our constitution makes us comprehensive, and we cannot help ourselves One illustration of my meaning is found in the articles of our church, which say that a man must not use his own pride in the examination of dogmas, but must take them in their literal and grammatical senses That that may not be very clear as shown by a passage in Bishop Burnett's Descent into Hall, where he said that the word "Hades" has three meanings, viz, a grave, a place for departed spirits prior to resurrection, and a place of punishment If you ask which of the three meanings you are to accept no answer can be given, because if you accept one you would be placing your own private interpretation upon the article, and flying in the face of the injunction which says that you must accept them simply in their literal and grammatical sense. Therefore, when you say that the church is a comprehensive inna tation, admitting many shades of belief, I can heartily join with you, and say that I have also come to the carrie conclusion ( Ap plause ) Since my arrival here I have heard that one of the great wants of the church in the diocese is the necessity for supplying ministers of sufficient culture to keep abreast of the times. I cannot say that I have had much experience of the clergy of Melbourne But I have seen some pulpits filled and also heard some sermons, and I asked His Excellency whether they were fair specimens of the sermons usually heard in the colony. It the Governor had replied in the affirmative, I would have said that the sermons I heard were above the average of English sermons (Applause ) At the same time I have been told that the church in the colony destroB certain work to be done for the doing of which men of a high cal tured type are required. A most important question no doubt is how this great want is to be supplied I confess that at present I am not in a position to give very much information as to whether the want can be supplied in England or not I know that one very promising school of divinity has been established in that country under the guidance of gontlemenwboare old friends of mine, but I feel sure that all the men educated in such institutions will be fully required for the work of the church in England itself. We cannot therefore expect to draw for the wants of this colony from such sources To draw English clergymen to the colony we must have far more overpowering reasons to induce them to come than appear to me at present to prevail here. For instance, I could not conscientiously urge to such a man as a reason for coming here the greater liberty of our church although that is a powerful argument that had its effect with myself. Nor could I dilate upon the spiritual destitution of the colony. In the latter case my answer would at once be Why it is absurd, that over 800 900 Anglo Saxons of an energetic character, settled in a fine colony like Victoria cannot breed their own persons, without coming to Eng land to beg for them. Some of these gentlemen have spoken to me words to that effect The question then arises, what are the best efforts we can use for the education of these men ourselves? I mean for the education and training of the cultured men which the church requires Under the existing BSc of things, of course it is impossible for me to appoint difficult examinations for Lands dates desirous of entering the service of the church, if the means are not afforded such candidates of coming up to that standard it is, to speak plainly, a matter altogether for your consideration. If you members of the church, come to church to worship God, you must necessarily listen t > sermons. These sermons may be good, bad, or in different but if they are bad certainly none but yourselves can make them better, because none but you can furnish the means of ed in eating clergymen that will be capable of preaching good sermons It is altogether for you to deal with, for, in fact, it is a mere question of pounds, shillings and pence question of money after all If the means are afforded us of establishing a theological college in connexion with the University of Melbourne, presided over by two men selected, say from my own university of Oxford, you would have in a few years men coming from such an institution with scientific and theological training which would supply the want that is now felt in the colony That the men to preside over such an institution can be obtained I feel ensured, for however great the unwillingness felt by collegiate fellows to leave EagU 11 that you do not get such men in this colony at present is because the inducements offered have not been sufficiently great Ki! lows of a college occupy a position like the sea between two bundles of hay (Laughter ) On the one side is their fellowship and on the other side her ladyship They do not like giving up their fellowships, but if you give them an inducement to come to Melbourne, and bring her ladyship with them, you will get the land of men you require If we want men to teach our clergy we must adopt this means of obtaining them You must either B'arv ) your pocket or starve your souls (Hear, hear ). If you are sufficiently liberal you will get the teachers that the colony wants. I know it is said that we can send our candidates to Moore College to be educated. My answer is that there should be no reason to send clergymen required for Victoria to New South Wales to be educated (Applause ) Then the existence of Trinity College has also been mentioned to me I cannot express any option as to the merits or domenlMof Trinity College as a training institution but certainly, not withstanding its existence the fact remains that young men have to be sent to Moore College Sydney, for their theological train ing Therefore I say that whether by the transformation of Trinity College or the establishment of some more efficient institution we must adopt some system of training our clergymen that will do away with the necessity of having to send them to Sydney. I feel now that I need not detain you at any greater length, becauSe in discussing this subject I feel that I have touched upon the subject of most vital importance lam ladies and gentlemen a poor man I have spent a good dealt money in coming here, and expect to be obliged to spend a good deal more My pocket is not a full one, but I feel on this subject so deeply that I will pledge myself, if anyone initiates this project of providing an institution for the training of the clergy of the diocese to subscribe towards it £200 (Applause ) And as soon as I got a fuller pocket, and see that more money is required I shall be glad to give it all the assistance I can afford (Applause ) As I have paid before I conceive the subject to be of the most vital importance, because I believe that the welfare of the church depends upon the way in which our clergy are trained (Hear, hear ). In conclusion, allow me to thank you for the enthusiastic way in which you have received me, and for the kind way in which you have listened to remarks, which no doubt sound perhaps rather imper linens, coming from a stranger like myself ("No, no," and applause). Sir W. F. Stawell proposed the next toast- "The Late Bishop of Melbourne,"" He passed a high eulogium upon the character of Dr. Perry, who, he said, had done more for the advancement of the church in the diocese than many seemed to be aware of' As regarded the spiritual destitution of the diocese, although there might be a good deal . yet to be done, there was no doubt whatever; that the spiritual destitution would have been ten times greater than at present if it had not been for the exertion of their late bishop. (Hear, hear.) When Dr. Perry came to Melbourne, them were then only three churches in the diocese, two middling ones, and one indifferent. There were very few clergymen to attend to the spiritual wants of the people. In contrast to this they had now ' 150 clergymen, 200 churches, and over 100 - parsonages. Dr. Perry, he thought, was entitled to the Josling esteem and respect of every churchman in Victoria. The toast was well received. Dr. Hkaiik proposed the toast of "The) Bishop of Ballarat." His-, remarks were very indistinctly heard. He fully concurred in . the views of Dr. Moorhouse as to the necessity of establishing a theological trains ing institution, and was convinced that there should be no more difficulty in supplying the, pulpits of the colony than now existed in supplying the bar. The raw material for the supply of cultured clergy men was not nothing, but the means of obtaining that culture, which was now urgently re« ? quired in a clergyman, was not obtainable.' That the want now existing would soon be filled up by the vigorous efforts of their new? bishop, be felt was beyond doubt With re card to the bishop of Ballarat, the residents of this diocese were well aware of! the) ? beneficial results which had attended his episcopate, and he thought the toast would be received with that warmth which it; merited. (Applause.) The Right Reverend Dr. Thornton, in reply., ing, thanked the assemblage for the cordial reception the toast had met with, and said that be hoped the two dioceses would be always found working together for the wet. are of the church. The toast of the Dean of Melbourne was proposed by the Hon. T. T. A'Beckett, and warmly received. "The Clergy of the Diocese" and "The - Ladies" were also proposed and responded to. The proceedings then terminated. 