GERMAN LUTHERAN CHURCH. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of a new church in Phillip-street for the above congregation was performed yester- day morning by the Rev. Mr. Burghardt, pastor of the church, assisted by the Rev. Mr. Hampe of the German Independent church. The Revs W. G. Taylor, and J. Macpherson were also present. The proceedings were conducted in the German language. A large concourse of Germans as sembled on the occasion, many of them from Highfields, Meringandan and the Aubigny districts. The proceedings com menced by the pastor rending the 115th Psalm after which the congregation, accom- panied by a brass band, sung the hymn " Praise belongeth unto the Lord." The Rev. Mr. Burghardt then preached an eloquent sermon, taking for his text, the first verse of the 115th Psalm. He expatiated on what was meant by praising the Lord, how they should praise Him, and why they should praise Him. At the conclusion of the ser mon the choir sang the 109th hymn, " People of the Lord raise your hearts and voices." The Rev. W. G. Taylor gave a short and appropriate address, congratulating the church on the event for which they were met, and urging them to unity of purpose and of effort, and as they were erecting a house for God's worship and in which he was to be honored, they could not succeed unless they put their whole trust in Him. There was another matter also ; prayers were good and faith was good, but they must help in the work by their liberality. The Rev. G. Hampe then offered prayers, which was followed by a hymn " Praise our Lord, the Almighty King." Mr. Broadfoot then declared the founda tion stone ready to be laid, and when the hymn usual on such occasions had been sung, the Rev. Mr. Burghardt Iaid the stone with the usual formalities, declaring it to be well and truly laid "in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen." Mr. Busch, as one of the trustees, and Mr: Holl, for the churchwardens, also declared the stone to be laid in the same solemn manner. Prayer offered by the Rev. W. G. Taylor, and the benediction pronounced by the pastor of the Church, closed the proceed ings. Beneath the stone was deposited a jar containing copies of the local newspapers, a document containing the names of the Go vernor of the colony, the Acting-Governor, the Mayor, and Aldermen of Toowoomba, &c.; The building will be of the usual church style, and of the following dimensions : 60 feet long, and 36 feet wide, and 20 feet high. The builder and contractor is Mr. Wm. Broadfoot, of Toowoomba, and the contract price £1470. The amount of contributions placed upon the stone was £23 3s. 6d. THE SOIREE In thce afternoon a soiree was held in the old church, at which there was an estimated attendance of between four and five hundred persons. The building was beautifully decorated with evergreens and flowers, After the soiree a public meeting was held, at which the Rev. Mr. Hausmann presided, . and who commenced the proceedings by prayer, after which he called upon the Rev. T. Abraham, who congratulated the church on the event for which they had met —celebrating the laying of the foundation stone of a new church, to be devoted to the worship of God, and hoe reminded them that the members of thoe church were all to be living stones in the spiritual temple of the Lord. 'Hiov must think of Him who was tlie great founilation, for " other foundation, enu no man lay," and on Christ l>c)iovcrs were all built up. \Yhcn bo saw so many of diilcreut sects present, he said that they raunt nil league together and make their doctrine agree with those laid down in the primitive church, aud strive together after spiritual ns well ns outwurtl IkiuiuIh of union. \Vuea Clinst was crucified thu soldiers said, "Let us not rend his garment," and so let them not as mcmlaTs rend (JhristH church, the vesture of their dear Lord. It unH u great poiu to Luther to cut himself off from tlic church represented liy u bishop ns a living hearty of tho clergy. Tlio primitivo order was bishops, priests, and deacons, and he thought that inuNt be right now ; and all the ministers iu this colony would l>c acting wisely in acknowledging a bishop, ami accept ing ordination nt his hands. . , There could bo no reason for ubjeetiou to the churches to-day having one father in God, whom they couhl honor, and to whom they could look for advice, and. who should help to bring about the unity prayed for by tliclr Saviour, "That they may bo oue even as we arc one." The Rev. w, s. jtatiijkn was thoro by iuvitntion that he might domoostmio his earnest desire to recognise .the Lutheran Cliurch as bis fellow ChriMtians. Ho was very glad : to hear the previous speaker- otlvocatmg unity, for it was strougth. Rut there was a difference between unity aud uni formity, which they would never have wbilu tho. world lasted. However, they could " agree to differ." He congratulated them on tho event of tho day, which, bo thought, com- menced a now epoch in the history of their local church. In speaking 'of Luther, who was to . Germany wliut Knox was to Scotland (for 'bath lived in tho. 16th century) two things struck bim. Ono was "ram's extremity. .There were numbers of God's children niourniug in secret, yet not l>old enough to take a stand ngaiipt tbo errors of tbo: time. Tbo other- wiis tl God's opportunity." That was tho timo for Htm to work, mid when dospnfr nutrkeid His jieoplc, Lutlicr waa 'rafsed up, like a comet,.to give out its light throughout mora than Germany, through Europe. A light thnt continued to Nhlne, and will to tlio end of timo. Ha did not say they agreed ' with Luthor, or tho Lutherans in ovory tiling, but oh Christians, ho hopod to moot thorn all in glory. . . The llov. Mr. IIampb addressed tho con gregation In German, congratulating them on the event of tho day. and earnestly exhort ing them to seek to bo built np as a spirituid temple of the Lord; The Rev. W. G. Taylor would l>o happy tq assist every wny tlmt ho could in tluit festive time. He felt very much inclined to enter the lists with ono qf tho previous speakers, who hod pvjduntly prepared his speech before ho lugl any idea, ihcre would be- rcpreKcn- tives of the . different churches (lura Not many thcro would lw iq favor of church unifonnlty, liut that w(w not tho tinm to enter iqtq arguments bu there wore gromnU enough on which they could all agree without ontcriug on niiy subject tlmt would vuuso luu\ focling. I'hoy wero all tending towards one homo, ami wluit matter if thoy preferred to go different ways in matters of minor import. It was very well for them to erect churches, but they must see to it that they were members of the spiritual church, and that church should be n lively and useful one. There ought (q Iq q closer bond of union thh pqlqt aqd the pew. u'tRviqciiMi they nU occiii p|( and rcpiircd the aum grace of God. Hu did not thiqk It wise far- U»o luy members of tqc chqrch tq exjwet all thu work done by the minister, for the minister prcaelul liettor sermons, and thcrc'wns better feeling whero the laymen helped in. thuworhnf thuelmrch. Another thing tVlt W'tm neolwl was a more manly avuwal of Christianity before tho world, for they had nothing to be ashumed of ; in the religion of Jesus, and thoy were nil trying to get happiness in the aune way. I(o uigwlon them tlio necessity uf cultfyatbig. a liberal spirit. Some of tjq- coqld not nffuril to give a large- of money, lutk they might'ilovtq the proceeds of a cpiurtcr of an aqu of 'hind to the, church. Th" Rov, A, Gaumtadt thenl.uddrcsacd' thuiu in Gcnnnn, after which Mr. j. c. White gave a buniproqi address, i buy were all fellow-countrymen— all Austru- liaus— for he supposcjl very few. of them would lay their hotics ou£ of Qucenslaiul. lie would not npjtcal to.tlieir conscieaees, bjit pockety, anjl thought the land, on which tho.new chttrch" wms, huilt'was too smnll, and1 that tliey should tonka tin effort to increase it. ( Another thing, , ho liked tho , musicbf church' bolls; ond thoy.should gcb up a subscription to purchason bell fortuo new church, and limit the amounts tobc given to ten shillipgH, »o as to make it general. He would givo ten shillings for such ad object, and ho was sure tunny others would too. He wished the Gcrmnus in the colony overy prosneriiy, but they wofdd. become ns mucu English tis he .was—they would all bo Eng lish soon. Their children would all have to ' learu the English language, and the sooner they became of one' flesh and 'blood the better. . 7. \ I Addresses were . then r given by tho Chnir- innn and two laymen, in Gcrtnah, rind after prayer, offered by the Cbuiriuau, the usual votes of thnnks were accorded, and tho meet ing dispersed. During the intervals between tuc speeches the choir of the church rendered -some anthems very effectively. ' 