Mat. Maokay'b official report of tho closing of tho Contonnial Exhibition at Philadelphia lias boon published. It nmitains Iittlo that is absolutely now, but the wind-up is vory satisfactory.; The world's show closed officially ou' tho lOthof November, uud Mr. Maokay, aftor remarking upon tho suocoss whioh had crownod our efforts all through, states that "at tho olosing coromouios -nnoinl montion was mado of ' tho youngest of the Aiiau..ttu.„ rj0Up:' " Ho adds that, "so far as publicity extends, Queensland has boon com pletely successful horo." This, in tho euso of a youug and rising colony, requiring capital for tho development of its boundless natural wealth, is of tho utmost importance, for tho distinction has boon gained at a gathering of tho nations, from many of which tlio prize was wrested. This is worth twice the amount that has beon spent on it, and wo shall reap the fruit in after years. It may- bring fresh capital to tho colony, and it will have a beneficial tendency upon our trado andcommorco. But tho publicity thus gained at tho exhibition is to bo porpotuated in the largo citi'os of tho Union', and also iii Canada. Having no instruction ou tho .point, Mr. Maokay acted upon his own responsibility, and ho lids' 'certainly taken tlio right eourso. Ho supplied various public institutions in those countries with museum samples . of wool, tin and eoppor, sugar, 'arrowroot, coal, coko, fibros, feathers, &c.; Thoro is a koon dosiro iu Amorica to loarn as much as possible about this colony ; and wo fully ooiuoido with tho rom'ark that " tho work of tho exhibition would liavo boon incomplete without thoso momoutoes of tho productions of Qneonsland boiug loft iu iustitutibns whero tho public can soo thorn." Thoso museum exhibits will form au oxoollont supplement to tho groat 6ho\v. . A list of the prizes awarded to this colony was published some timo' ago. All tho leading industries — mining, ngriculturo, wool, &c.;,— wore thus dis tinguished; but, the models :are not yot ready for dolivory. TJio bulk of tho exhibits,, togothor. with tlio- purchasos of machinery, and other articles , made on behalf of the colony, liavo boon care fully packed and shipped, and are probably now on their way to Brisbauo. Speaking of tho purchases, Mr. Maokay says: "As a Jruloi they have boon obtaiued at considerable discount, and I trust when ull are plticod boforo our colonists, that tho purchasos thus mado will provo educationally and praotioally valuable to Queensland industries ; , and further, that, as marketable . articles, they aro worth fully all that has boon expanded for thorn. ' Whou Mr. Maokay wrote, thoro wero 96 cases of return goods roady for despatch to London. Tho purahasod and ; donated articles, dostinod for Queensland, com prise Gl oases. Wo append a list of tho contents : 1\. — Sauiplos wool, sugar,' niiuirig' roports, stereos. 2.— Ditto, and daso of fly funs, 3 to 8. — Smithsonian roports, boots, and private mutters. — — - 9\. — l'hilu. B. of Education roports, Watson's and saw mill outs, patent oilibo.'spuoi- iiontions. ; 10 nnd 11. — Amorionn;oottou goods. 12 to 18.— Watson's machinery. 19.— Presentation.' British ; outaloguosf'piitoht office, spooiiioations. 20\. — Prize, wuros, uotious, Sago's ooutraots, hooks. 21.— Lamp drn wings, qngraved platos, railway plans. 22 to 21. — Powor corn shollor, uud horso powor. 25\. — Post-hole .diggers, , 1 v ; 17 23 und 2GJ.— Saw und saw mnoliinos. 27 to 31.— Hydraulio maohiuos, pumps, &o.; . 32 to 34. — Sbinglo uiuoliinos. 35.— Typo writer, gas stoves, nddrossing ma- chiuesi'Mfi 'Aloxuudor's papors, latnpB, &o.; 36.— (From London) gas stoves and rcfloetors, privnto offocts. 37 to 43.— Lttwn mowers nud Bowing ma- oliinos. 41\. — Floxiblo shaft. j > 1 45\. — Hand corn sliollers. 46\. — Windmill modol, husking gloyos, blands, drawings, photos, from Boston, Boods, &O.; .... 47\. — (Tliroo oasos, all 47) Powor saw mill. 48\. — Portable forge.. . . ... , 49.— Fleetwood soroil sow. " 50.— (2 packugcs) Soroil saws , , v t . 51\. — Funcots uud hydraulio nppliiuioosl 52\. — Ulub-gruss seoas, frumod pioturos. 53\. — Cuhiuot. 54\. — Suddlos, hnunor, soods. ... , ' 55. — Banners, flags! ; ' ' 50\. — Wool siunplos — Fcnwick nnd Soott. 57\. — Silk and tobaooo oxhibits. 58\. — Bells — Hipwood and Sutton. 69\. — Electrical pou and press. 60.— Knives, ours, rowlooks, laddors. 1 61. — Desk and ilttings. Mr. Maokay had also other matters' on bund. As stated in tho roport, ho, as roquostod, obtained nnd dospatchoil win London particulars of tho mode of regulating railway faros in America. Hits information should bo vory valu- ablo to the Queonsland Government, aooing that at prosont thoy liavo not tho most romoto idea how to prooodd hi, tho mattor. Drnwings, photographs,'' and models of'thok hdad. -lights, bells, arid4 cowTOatqhorS us,od ori Anidrican railways worq also obtainod. ' Further, / ) Mr. MAoi£AYl;iias, as - diroctod, paid a oon-' sidorablo amount of attontion to tlio bost methods of sugar-making . in uso in tlio French Islands. As tho result of his- first visit, ho obtainod plans of tho bost works, whioh ho describes as tho most complete yot devised. -Ho also proourod samplos 'of standard sugars from tho coutral faotories, and those, with othor articles, havo boen shipped from Phila delphia. Ou his way homo ho intoudod paying a soeoud visit to tho French Islnuds, in order to roport fully upon tlio sugar industry. IIo accordingly selected tho Iudia aud Panama routes to California, and a passage was soourod in tho out-going mail stoamor from Now York via Bermuda, Novombor 22.' Soon,, thoroforo, Mr. Maokay will be back to spoak for liimBolf. " He lias proved himsolf a thoroughly practical and painstaking commissioner, and wo have 110 doubt that his purchasos aud reports will turn but vory usoful. Thoy aro suro to bo tho bost of tho kind procur able, und what our American cousins find sorvicoablo can scarcoly bo lost iu Queensland. Union of England, has boon on a visit to South Australia and Victoria, his objoct being to ascertain, boyond all doubt, which of tho colonics is bost suited as a field of emigration for agri-. oultural laborors. Canada was pre viously visitod, but wo don't supposo that tho Dominion will stand tho ghost of a cli'urico in a. competition witii tho Australian colonies. Tho short dis- tanoo from England is tho only recom mendation in favour of British North Auiorioa. Tlio cliinato, howovoiy is airaiii«t it. Tlio \viritor is vory sovero, and for throb or four months in tho year agricultural operations aro at ti staud-'still.'1 This alono must toll soriously against the general prosperity, to say nothing of othor draw-backs. Besides this, tho rovonuo of tho Aus tralian colonies is thrioo as largo as that of tlio Dominion, though the popula tion is about equal. Of tho southern colonioB mentioned, South Australia is par excellence tho agricultural colony of tho group, and this fact is patent to ovorybody. Thoro is, liowovor, nnothor consider ration, which has a political' boanugV Mr. Taylou must havo, boon astonished at tho treatment' hbrbcoivod in Victoria. Ho is a man of good intellect und a fluont speaker, who iutorosts his lioarors, and wins , thoir sympathies.. Ho is tlio reprosoritativo of an oxtonsivo and influential organisation, and is cor- tainly entitled to bo treated us a gou- tleinan. IIo addrossod largo aud in terested audiences in South Australia, and, being a froe-trador, spoko in favor of thoso principlos which ho dooms of tho groatost importauco to tho woifaro of tho working-classes. Iu Victoria, wlioro tho bulk of tho population aro rabid protectionists, ' ho could nbt gain a hearing. Tho right of an English-, man was clouiqd him; tho ' " froo and independent," sometimes described ris " tlio groat unwashed," rusliod to; his; mootings, and ho was " liootocl, hissed, aud fairly liouudod down." This dis- graooful troatmont :was accorded him by : tho liberal- minded working moii ' of Melboiu-no, who ; feared . that, thoir: " oraft " was iu danger. Wo aro sorry for any system which oannottbo'ur'' tho light of discussion, and whioh, moreover, lias to be dofonded by clamor and tho violenoo of a mob. Verily " Great is Diana of tho Vic torians;" but, like tbo Diana of an earlior ago,, it, will yet tottor aud fall to pioees. ' ' ; ' 