CONTINENTAL LETTER. PARIS, FEBRUARY 17. TUOM OUH OWN COHTTFJJPONDHST.) I this country attaches the slightest still less gives the smallest attention orted Orleanist conspiracy to ovcr- Republic, and selecting the Due • for General Mouck, to seat his ,e Conite de Paris, on the throne. znards—for the story comes from -is as unsuccessful as German wit. li-ts are an unpopular party in France re tlie models of irresolutiou; they •nt at the idea of organising a coup d'etat. iossible to overthrow the Republic by a Sripue, or a Parliamentary coalition, or kot system of bribery, or a Buffet exe- ' the law, they would venture i" the : of an eye. They are political , in politics can throw pebbles on the J; to resort to violence, that programme Bopoly of the Bonapartists. t is, there are no conspiracies m Jie Republic is no>v bemf-' respectably nrably adurnistered. and the head of t, Jules Simon, is compelling the ex- »ties -to obey the institutions of the iThe Bonapartists have even ceased to t and enipl»v no other weapons against Slic but bad names. Words break no t proportion as the Ministry displays fe to promote and to defend its fpro'Tamme, to act fairly and liberla alf men, to assure the good, and [bad—-- 1 o does the constitution become (as a matter of course, by the nation, fcult to muzzle a free press; it is no t to silence in France an obnoxious JocliefortV Droits del'Homme has been ifor six months, so his partizans here m instantly with a successor—the The departed journal was disgust- H„al—so much so that not an extreme deputy could be induced to bring Ser to task for employing the arms of Ed Empire to prosecute a newspaper e Athenian Republic. E finita la .The best means to silence lloctietort is Inify his speculation with a prosecution, Bardon all the penitent dupes of the K. A vessel is now being fitted out to Ik to France, from New Caledonia, BOO Communists, forgiven by the fat the same time the remains of the Lssacrcd in the Haxo, pending the fe, have been exhumed, and placed under monument iu the metropolitan urnival ended on Ash Wednesday vhen, according to custom, masks and ought to be buried before sunrise, and f folly to clothe themselves in sack- J to commence mortification by breakf salt cod. During the three days that re free to nearly do as they pleased, so iking fools of themselves, only 760 B were arrested. The figures are not la capital nearly two millions, and i known what a small quantity of alcoaway a Frenchman's brains. In his fere-eater preferred is absinthe, which ist terrible and abject of intoxicating lie principal iustitfator of suicides, but fcot of other crimes. The poor's rate the receipts of the various public aalls were never known ti attain so cure as during this carnival. People play cannot lie in a bad position. Two ilishmeuts gave children's fancy balls, monetary point of view, with success, iere as many orders of princes tinder fs of age as, Mr. Wallace asserts, exists i; the dukes were as plentiful as under of the Grand Monarch, and the mari under that of Louis XV. This Eon of titles by young republican France, K hoped, will not be misinterpreted hj r te de Chainbord. is almost sinking out of French re- ; Midhat Pasha has carried into his the bright prospects of Ottoman re- Sultans, like leopards, cannot Iheir skin. Even the robbed bondcount 110 longer on being paid anythe pound. It is more a matter of tian of belief, that the coming hostilities [Russia and Turkey will be localised; sympathy for either of the nts in France, aud when they have t"> resenrl'le the Kilkenny ca;?. ean interfere more decidedly to wind Eastern question. The suspense of iug collision weighs more on affairs, uld actual war. But all things must an end. even the position of the ^d the Cassack facing one another Sr of porcelain dogs on a chimney piece. eath of General Chatuaruier at 83, pvc been an expected event since some the bachelor dar.dy was merely • up by bandagistes, tailors, and male ^rit is difficult to estimate a man gravely, 3, dresses like a coxcomb in his teens, based was the incarnation of military |cal vanity; he was a capital skirmish- ' in Algeria, by making brilliant dashes [labs; but as for other capacity he had services were utilised at Metz—to [the capitulation. In 1843 he solicited pid to defend the Republic, as " he istomcd to conquer." It would be to draw a veil over his political ^ts; lie was everything by turns, 3nd vas distinguised by his fierce hate lie Republic ; he was the chief puppet ^intrigue against the present constitul laboured to bring hack the Conite de the Conite de Paris, the Prince rather than bow to the nation's will, sruns, be is reported to have hid, "a soul, and a Lutheran stomach." He |iost intimate and oldest friend of the and it is the ladv-Iiead of that kho has taken charge of the burial of •chelor. His bed was a truly militaiy pon, narrow, and the mattress was ever of rye straw, while his room was military tent ; he had his uniform fv, as if expecting at any moment to : duty. He bad the honour to be [ter the coup d'etat, a crime he un- did so much with his royalist friends He was the life-long friend of »as one of the three who intrigued the bwufall, expecting to occupy his place, hardly believe his eyes, when was selected. It was Changarnier's at he would bury the Republic, and is the Republic undertakes his eneli are really pained at the prospect fs refusal to officially take part in the : of 1878; the necessary funds having i, the abstention of the other Kaiser ither surprise, and it may be added, » The works are progressing as fa- ^ could be desired, and not even the sa shade of complaint has been heard [ t|ie giagantic organization. This Bit is due to the exclusion of all prifences, and hence, of obstacles and &.t present, the visitor can not only fidea of the vastness of th» undertak- |so of what its many beauties must be. ; will prove that all has not been done jtter of world's fairs. |not be the fault of the bishops, it relice cannot lie maintained. They seize asioti to atUck the representatives of that the breach between Cat»uid Liberalism is widening. The Ke- [do not attack, they defend themselves. pB, on every possible occasion seek to ^ting institutions. Their pastorals are panifestatious. When ordered to pray epublic, they did so, while denouncing iw in their Lenten charges, instead of jthemselves to the peculiar regulations the forty days, they resume the role Thus the Bishop of Angers demarriage to be coneubinage, and the I orn of that union, akin to bastards.! hiu?, also, the law which directs tha, i en of a family shall enjoy the parents* fsuare and share alike. The Bishop o clares that the mission of the Church ! I one of domination; to rule over all td all lands, while his grace of Cara- Itains that it is impossible to be a uood nwless one be an Ultramontane." In Df these provocations, the clergy has Option to complain that the people are ^y from religion. The contrary would seem to be true. The French people are commencing to see in priests, not only political antagonists, but men without patriotism, and it requires no ghost to come from the grave to announce where the battle will finish, and how. The French Government in Algeria, has adopted an excellent reform. One of the great difficulties in administering that important colony, arises from the civil employes being ignorant of idiomatic Aral) ; henceforth, an officer's salary and promotion, will be regulated according to bis proficiency, in the local dialect. The sworn interpreters make awful blunders occasionally; before the Tribunal of Algiers one of these <Jragmen interpreted shoemaker" as " blacksmith." It is a necessity to set au interpreter to catch au interpreter. Mademoiselle Piermarine, was engaged by .u. Pasdeloup, the director of the Popular Concerts, to sing at one of his entertainments. Impatient to gaiu her place, she jumped across the railing of the orchestra, slipped, and broke her arm. She took an action for damages against Pasdeloup, who declined the responsibility, alleging that he engaged mademoiselle to sing, and not to "jump." The court decided in his favour. The Tribunal has also disposed of a matter interesting to advertisers and newspapers. A manufacturer of feeding- bottles published a puffing advertisement, alleging that by, a decision of a Court at Berlin his feeding apparatus alone possessed a coveted excellence. No such judgment was ever rendered, so other manufacturers held the journals responsible f.,r aiding this disloyal competition. The French Tribunal accorded nominal damages against the newspapers, but ordered the advertising agent to pay lliem, as well as all expenses incurred. The complaining manufacturers can still pursue the agent for civil damages, if they can demonstrate having suffered any loss. A country gentleman came to Paris to witness the Carnival, and entered into conversation with a stranger near the Jena bridge. They became friends in a second, so much so, that the stran- ger poin'ed to the gentleman's coat being soiled, and aided to take it off to be brushed. While in the attitude of waiting to put on the coat again, the stranger bolted with it, and the unfortunate gentleman in commencing to run after him was tripned up by a ready pal. The Prefect of Police has now organised a telegraphic portrait department. Supposing your cashier to decamp (an everyday occurrence in ParisJ before balancing bis cash, you have only to present his photo, at the detective department and in ten minutes its copy will he in ihc hands of the frontier authorities, so that the cashier on alighting will enable the gendarme to soliliquise " on this picture and on that." Several important arrests have already been made owing to the discovery. It is worth knowing the opinion of the Chief of the Detective Service on the malady of bolting cashiers. He states he never kr.ew a case of robbery to occur where the cashier was compelled to take a few weeks' vacation every six mouths. Senator Arago has a proverbially long nose. He is an hereditary republican, and royalists swear by his organ, and artists are loud in their praises of its vermilion colour. A few days ago he was going to Versailles, and in the same compartment of the railway carriage were two brother senators, and a lady with au infant on her knees. The child commenced to cry, and Arago endeavoured to coax it to be calm, but the child cried the more. The lady begged he would cease his pleasantry, as she was flying Paris, her infant being terrified with the masks aud false noses. So she would be obliged if Arago would remove his. and conceal it for the remainder of the journey. There are 4.000 bailiffs in Paris, and all are up to their eyes iu business. A gentleman committed suicide on Shrove Tuesday, in the Bois de Boulongue, by blowing out his brains. Instead of bullets, he employed ten pieces or half francs, all the money he possessed, as he stated iuhis memoirs. In Italy, the celerity of the marksmen is said to be owing to their painting ihe featuies of their mothers-in-law on the targets. The London correspondent of a French journal writes:— 1'iie most interesting exhibition in that metropolis is a mail who is advertised as the only member of Captain Ware's expedition, that perspired at the North Pole. Another wellinformed journal states, that on Pancake Day, the boarders in the large schools attack each other with the lemons—citrons, sic—they cat with their cakes. Passage du Hhiu is the name of one of the tiewl\\-baptised streets in Paris. Hope the Philistines will not be down on us for this. 