FAII TIPFIJERS, i "i; (FromhthoU'-'iWhitohall'Itoviow.")! : r ' Tho excessive rtimulants, luirdly 1 to, Imj toleratod tornon, bbcomos absolutely unbearable 'in'woihoh 'no inconsidorablo portion .of whom permit thenitelvcs now- a-daysk'&n-faplilliiig; 'indulgence1, in strong drink. For it'/is/aiimndoniablo fact thatf when the,,;weak6r creature yjolda her finer nerves arid radre sohsatiyo 'organisatiori to the insidious'1 cn'crbaclim'enls of a vico . wKioh'tokes'offiy n 'shdrt whilo to break ' ' ' 'mp'tKe 'strenest coiiBtitution , her ruiii is( more speedy, and hor abasement a thou sand tithes more1 deplorable than that of her helpmatb.f ;|' : f ! .. ' '''Nibbdy who sees mubh' of womon can' j ; bo ignorant "of'tlie1 a'teifed'statbfof 'things do. They are no longer satisfied with a lumpof ' sugar saturated i in' : qau- dq-Cploidi"" or ,a ,fewmdrqi>s J of " ; v6Utilo'/eiiiriti iu,ftJ jittlo > ivator, 1 already an advance upon the1' beverages made by . our great grandmQthors .out of mulberries or med&cowslips; c There aro now very few yqungmqrriod women, and oven girls , 'jm'flieir 'second' rind third seasoii, who ' Hh'vo'nqtbhribiturilly recourse Vto liquors ' ' 'containing :ft' proportion of alcohol to ad minister a fillip to their jaded horves, and v brqco.them up afresli for, somo new tax . ' upoii 'thmr Anergics . /Fort,' shoiy, gin-.' ' ! and-blttete/' byon mixtures of .brandy qii'd chiOTpde.pre'mivdo use of' to'/ ro vivo tlio1 drobping spirits; and give to the listless1 ' r . beaVitJr 'tho requisite nmburit/ pf gb" which will enable her to hold'llof tew'n'. in "the midst of a crowd of chaffing' . adorers,1 r,A?ul tyhon we considor for1 a' I moment tlio life which Vbriion load in' I- . .. (Londpn, during . sevorqj . months po !tho I .ir>ryear, tlie'rejtebn, of thu., degeneration' in I-' ' L oiir raoteera and siHtora is not without its 'raiabheteq;" .;. . ,.;/ | vni I ' . Let us follow tho moveiuehts, for tlio- I brinf- uniuw nf f.urnlvn. Iinnra (if n. vntinrr- I girl hp/goes; much into society.; Some- I where about b .or 10 n-ni! she molces her I ' abqwhbqpin 'thq iiibrmng-robm--aftor I . . . r having jigged about iii a crowded assembly I ' 1 uhtii'daybteak— languid/hcavy-eybd', jtin- I refreshed 'by tho matutinal tub.1 without I . tho ghost of an appetite eho sits dowi\ to I "an -unwlioleBpnio nieal of r- spiced1 and I . '' peppoted disiibtf, hot rolls, strong coffee,' I wid-cteam. After breakfast— too tired, I 'riri'Jair-prbbability/ to' vido—slib whiles, I ' away thtf'Yosy1 hours until lunch-time iii I 7 doiub intricate things with coloured silks, . I 4 ' writing iiotes, or 'fiilttoring tlio' ! pages of I 1 tho>bo6ks Bout in from Miidlo's.1 Lunchbon I - is a'heavier1 breftkfast, -with tlio addition I ofwin'e ahd'pastry. A turn or twdln|tlie I /park/lolling back: in. a bnrouclio, varied I ybyaii interval of /shopping in''nlf Aycst I ' / End"1 ' emporium ; "-'home to aftoriiooii: I tea;" with -plenty : of ; sweet :icnkcsl b I destroy' the litllo iqipiilite orefited'byJMn I fresii air ; another apoll/ of the dolc'o jfui a niont, 'a -languid toilotto, rind- thon din- / I ' ' or'Hi9','buBin"cia7Jf Hhb "day 'licgiiis I 'r Jbng aftef 1 the f birds- uro' nslcop and the4 I V"' iil1" I i ' ' stars arq sliining in tlio sky, A mqim in "whlcliTybiriook" in vahi -'fbr phuiTi'onst or boiled; tliO; glare of a/scoro of candlos ; a wino for ovoiy. course" lauglitor, excite- mqntjf )cof|qG, ; Hirtat jopy mpd -finally the brougham, in which the flushed and fever ish gir\ U whirled away to, more hot roonis, more oxcitouieiit, niqrc chftmpagrio ; 'wlmt can result from Bttch ail liiinatural andun:, hoalthyjihiodef'of bxistbribV but/'an lit; croasqdi craving for .'dissipation, rind rih im- , patient desire to bo relieved from tho las'", situdd'attending reaction by tho abuse of alcholio stimulanUd- ? it.;; : This habit, when Jrequ'oiitly 'iiidulucd, in, boconics nofc onlyiiriiinbusnnd uis- organising tn an illinntriblo 'dogreo, but ii. also ongouders greater evils ivs a 'necessary., coiisequencorf Aiur- pionaant vices gene rally run in couples.' Tlio norvous sysluin, periodirally-'ovorwroiig1tt,';abiui7loiis thd role ofi Rofvaut' for1 that'I 6f1 master," and with : imperious; voicoKinhkcs itself liunrd, calling. for - other /and' more pototil distraction. Tho moraL faculties huvo by this. tiiiio become obscured/ tlio border land between right and wrong ceases to be so I clearly i: defined ! as 'liorctofore, duties, and i obligations -relax < their restraining' fOrco, and,- if there :bd "any latent heredi tary instinct: of ovil.ltirklng iu tlio other wise1 pure nature, that": one d op of black blood will be cortmm to rcoiuo out i-«to dark'roliof.'" 1/;-) ;.-;(l. 1 iXi.Thu'.courtlyi and complacent physician hatfrimioh toi ansitor ofor by his tacit ac-, quiescenco -innri /great and growing evil. NurjiisitHo:huml?lbrjpructitionor at wliit «»«»« "i'w» iitim ,(iiuiiuaii, n shows himsolLtooiwealo'br too interested to run I couutorl- to tithe rddsiros of liis women patients, -manifestly loaning to wards slidh 'agreoablekreifiedicsUfor ner vous dopression as crustod port, and " vin ;mrmssmix','V(fand .only/ waiting! for/. tlio authority of tho doctor to indulge iu thom oponly in tlio prcsonco of (fatliQrs'!hndi)liusbnudsi:<v It.'is/idifllcult, -if not. impossible, . fort'tKesoigbntiomdnfo tnko .tho i Ihill by tho horns.1 : E very -man, lis not gifte'd with't he 'brutal frankness of an Abernotliy. It is a hard task to make "up'on's mincl to toll' a languid lady/wlioso maid stands besidq.,, her bathing her temples with Hungary wator as she reclines : upon; the ,'boudoir I sofa, that the remedy for lior disordor is not to bo fouiid :in.,.thoivino- gla88,- but. inihelping.iMary tho housomaid to.almko'tlio beds, and!in running up and down stairs to answer the nursery boll, thoreby-ninning the risk1 of offending an aristocratio patient, aiul: jeopardising tlio broughain of r tho 5 future!; iYcs,;:ifmcdicah niont woro less given ! to order stimulants for almost, ovory- fominino derangement, and woro to impress upon women: trio lvitn.1 llnnnrfnnm (nf.tnvnt.otan-' and tho hcaltlifulness of- drinking in'doop draughts of the.ipuro ; morning air, tlicro woiikl bo many ! moro ! young checks blooming without rougo, and many a now anxious husband going to his chnmbersior counting-house with .a/lighter hoart.— " Public Opinion." ?. /. 