A CHINESE INDUSTRY. Chinese colonists, or sojourners as they may more justlyhecallcd, are pretty well distributed over the whole of tho Bftllarat district, whether as market gardeners, hawkers, or fossickeis. The market gardeners are said to use methods of raisiug early peas and late cabbages, which, if known, would not tend to promote tho sale v of these esculents, but tho majority of house- > wives, appreciating tho convenience of having brought to their doors tho vegetables needed for the day's dinner, either ignore or disbelieve tho rumors and patronise John. Bargainhunting is often oxercised iu a prolonged haggle with John. " You wautee mellytable, Missee?" says the almond-eyed one, appealing at a kitchen door during the foreuoou j " me hab inelly good callots, cabbey, martyrs" (Amjlicti «tomatoes "). " How much are tho cabbages, John?" says the lady questioned, looking at the vendor with au evident keen determination to beat down whatever price he asks. " Big one, tlee-pen'," taking up one as large as a baby's head. " Too much, I'll givo you a penny ;" then severely, " You needn't try to cheat me, you know." Ah Lip turns up his eyes with an air of saintly indignation, aud, murmuring " No fee-ar, you too uiuchec gammon," reduces the price to twopeuco halfpenny. The lady offers three halfpence, and finally compromises for twopence, the Chinese walking off with his article as if he really couldn't part with it for twopence, and then coming back to accept it, and ask with a blaud smile, " any callots I" This little farce is repeated, as tho playbills say, with undiminished success for 300 days of the year. A legend, whose origin is lost in the mists of antiquity, says that tho first Chinese gardener who started in business a century or so after the Deluge was ruiued by losses in business. His customers refused to pay him more than lialf the price he fixed upon his goods, and as they were perishable he had to sacrifice them, and day by day approach nearer bankruptcy. The ruiued merchant, so runs the legend, spent forty-eight hours in a gloomy trance. Iu vaiu did the geutle llo-fi proffer the succulent rice or the fragrant tea; for two days neither were accepted by her lord. At the expiration of that time the gardener arose with a joyous look, and, loading his baskets, went his customary rounds. His customers steadily refused to pay more tliau half his price, and with the usual sigh he closed the sale, but when the day's work was over he pored over his day-book aud ledger with a satisfied This continued day by day and year by year, aud the gardener, having amassed a fortune, died, bequeathing the secret of his success in trade to posterity. Calculating the cost of production of his vegetables, he asked the consumer thrice that amount He finally accepted half the price fixed, and found then that he had made 50 per cent, profit. It is said that this plan is actcd upon by his successors iu the trade, aud that the smile with which they conclude a sale shows the satisfaction they feel at besting the " barbarian" woman. The vegetables raised by Chinese arc, wheu fresh, luxuriant and juicy, but they do not " keep" well, shrivelling and wrinkling up until they become mere ghosts of their former selves. The vendors, though the percentage of profit on sales is high, only make a penny here and a penny there, and the amount of trotting necessary to earn a shilling is so great tliat no European would care to undertake it. Add to this the weight on a broiling summer's day of a couple of huge baskets of vegetables, and scarcely anyone would grudge the vegetable-seller his little profits. Early and late ho is in his garden, digging, trenching, manuring, and watering. Not a corner is uuplauted, but the one devoted to the dogkennel. Here a misanthropic cur is always chained. lie is a linquist, for he understands Chinese orders and English oatlis. Several sounds produced by dogs find Buch close approximates in Chinese as to suggest that one should go homo and look up Darwin's " Origin of Species." How this dog lives is a mystery; no lialf-pickcd bones are seen about his kennel, and a wager could be safely laid that ho gets no wholemeal dog biscuits. Ho looks as if he had little to be grateful to his master for, and as though only a dim sense of propriety restrained him from making a meal off pigtail and yellow limbs. Still he guards the garden with a vigilant eye, and the collection around his keupel of quartz, granite, and bluestone specimens, tributes of esteem and regard from tho youth of the neighborhood, would excite the interest of a geologist. Approaching tho house, wliicty may be said to be of the very colonially composite order of architecture, as nearly every material under the sun is used in building it, wo sniff apprehensively. A lot of innocentlooking earthenware jars are ranged outside. Can it bo that there is an unpleasant swell hanging about tho place? Perish tho thought! wo go on, and wo gird up our loins, but are forced at length to flee.—Star. ? ? 