? Mews Iby la© Mails. ENGLAND. THE ABITEST OF FATHER JACKSON. In the House of Commons last night Mr. Callan aoked the Home Secretary whether his attention had been called to the conduct of the police authorities of Manchester in connection with the arr.eafc of the Eev. Father Jackson, one of the Jesuit fathers on the mission in Manchester, on the night of the 30fch December last, and the course of procedure adopted by Mr. Alderman Murray a magistrate of that city, in connection there with ; whether it was true that half an hour after midnight on the morning of December 31 last, a police inspector, accompanied by two constables, came to the house attached to the Church of tho Holy Fame, where the Rev. Father Jackson resides with several j other clergymen, end on tho pretence of a j 'sick call,' decoyod the rov. gentleman from j his residence ; whether in reply to the inter- ! rogation, ' la ifc really a sick call, as if it is I I must take the laat sacrament with mo?'! Inspector Gill assured him that it was ; j whether on being searched in the Town Hall the holy oils, &c;, were taken from the person of Father Jackson, and after ho had given them to the police Ms pockets were searched by Inspector Gill ; whether Mv. Alderman Murray, J.F., stated from the bench ' that as a magistrate ho had a right to act as he did, and he would do the name again ;' whether in view of this declaration the Lord Chancellor dcoraed it right to continue this individual in the commission of the peace; whether Inspector Shandley (who had been formally applied to by Dr. Noble to obtain from Ibo committing magistrate a_written permission to see the He v. Father Jackson, and who afterwards made inquiries at ihc presbytery about the case, and interfered in no other cay) had been practically forced by the police authorities of Manchester to send in his resignation, after 30 years' service ; whether tho authorities there, oh Sunday, December 31, 1876, refused to the Catholic magistrate and to tho Most Rev. Dr. Vau ghan, the Bishop of Sal ford, to accept bail for the appearance of the Eev. Father Jackson the following day ; and whether, considering all tho foregoing circumstances, he v/ould order .in inquiry into the entire matter.— Mr. Cross, in reply, said, Mr. Speaker, no doubt this is a very extraordinary case. The case seems to have arison in this way: — It appears that some information was given to the police against this Roman Catholic clergyman by a givl who complained of kin having adniinistorcd certain drugs to her. The police, I am told, and tho magistrate, thinking sho v/as in a dying state, her de position was taken down, making that charge against the Roman Catholic clergyman. He states very positively that when the police came to call him up after he had retired to rest nothing was said about thin charge, but he was told that it was a nick call, and ho was wanted to go and see a dying person, so that he took holy oils v/ith him, believing ho was going to administer the last sacrament of the Church, and not knowing in the least who,t charge v/as to be brought against him. He says that ho was decoyed to this house for the purpose of being identified by tho woman. That, I believe, was the state of the case. 'Well, the police authorities after in quiry had been mado by the 'Watch. Com mitted entirely denied that there was any' thing of decoying in the matter, and said that he was told straight out what the charge was that the girl had mado against him. I cannot decide either one way or- the other which is true, for one party distinctly say one thing and the other say as distinctly the opposite. Bub one fact is undoubtedly true, Although he waa not searched, the holy oils were found upon him. He was asked what he had upon his person, and the oils were produceds and so far as that goes the state ment in the question in corroborated. Now with regard to the magistrate's conduct. I believe that when the magistrate heard the case on tho Monday the charge against the clergyman wao at once dismissed, and an indictment for perjury waa ordered to be perferred against the girl. Therefore it in a matter which must come on for further in vestigation before the ordinary tribunals of the country, and when that inquiry ha3 been held, I shall be able muck hotter than I am now to form a judgment as to what the facts really are. With regard to tho questions ao to Inspector Shandley and the non-acceptance of bail, they only appeared upon tho paper last night, and therefore I have not been able to make inquiry aa to thai part of tho case. Of course I shall do no with groat pleasure. I have also received from the hon. raembor who has put this question a long statement by the clergyman, which will require certain investigation to be made into another part of the ease. The ground of his complaint is that he was not allowed to be admited to bail, and was kept in gaol part of Sunday. I think that is a matter which requires fur* ther investigation. — Manchester Evening News, April 27, 1877. THE G-KEAT JEWEL KOBBEUY. On the 16th of March last a notioe wao issued from Scotland- yard stating that on the 10th of that month there had been stolen from the 6.20 p.m. train from Reading, at Westbourne Park Railway Station, a black: leather bag, containing jewellery of extraordi nary value. Amongst the contents wero five hundred and twenty-eight gold diamond rings (Hall-marked), eighty-three gold signet rings, five sets of diamond brooches and earrings, a gold brooch with small diamonds in stars, twenty one lockets set with diamonds, twelve sporting gold pins, with various studs, silver necklets, and other articles of valuo, tho property of Messrs. B. H. Joseph and Co., of 85, St. John-street, Clerkenwell. Ono hundred pounds reward wao offered for tho discovery of the thief, On the evening of Wednesday a well known turfite, named James Thorne, arrived at the Vine Hotel Stafford, it was supposed fromLichfield races, which took place that day, and pasoed the night there. Yesterday morning he made his appearance at the shop of a pawnbroker named Mootran, in Stafford, and offered in pledge a valuable gold diamond star brooch, worth about £30, on which he asked a loan of £5. The pawnbroker, seeing the value of the article, contrived to detain the applicant while he communicated with tho police. Sergeant Hackney, of the Stafford Police, went to the spot and arrested him. On searching him there Were found 43 gold diamond rings, a diamond brooch, a watch, and no less than 26 pawnbrokers' duplicates, 5 ndicating jewellery pledged in various parts of the kingdom. The jewellery found in his possession answered to the minute descrip^ fciou given by tho authorities of Scotland-* yard of tho jewellery stolen from West-bourne Park Station. The prisoner gave his address as No'. 85, St. John-street, Clerkenwell. The owner and the police of Seotland-yard were at onco communicated with, and it is expected that the prisoner will be charged in London to -day. THE. SCULLERS' CHAMPIONSHIP. (From the pally Telegraph, May 29) ', A more active and efficient agent even than Mr. Lord, of the Thames Conservancy, in clearing tho course between Putney and Mortlake yesterday afternoon, was a tem pest of vain and wind. The Ptiver was lushed into an angry roar, and seemed as though it would vent its fuiy on the slen der boato of the competing scullers. Many persons had assembled on the banks, for the morning was very fair of promise, and there was hope even in the keen, dry wind that accompanied a too early brightness and warmth of shuushine. But the hurricane that swept the river and threatened to swamp the boats had a marvellously sudden sffect in diminishing the crowd, as well as in changing what waa left of it into a black shining mass of umbrellas. Of the two men who met to try theii1 strength in the scullers' race for tho championship of Eng land and £400, it is not necessary to say much, as their former achievements are in the memory of all who take an interest in aquatics. John Higgins is a Shadwell water man who, in the International Regatta, was vanquished by the youthful Blackman, and Robert Watson Boyd is a Tynesider, who in turn bent Blackman on the memorable occasion we have just referred to. Four steamers wore chartered to accompany yes terday's race, and they were all crowded. The time appointed for tho start v/as a quar ter past 2, but as usual it took place somo what later, the word being given precisely at a quarter to 3. As Boyd was known to be suffering from an attack of boils, the betting had been strongly in favour of Higgins, the odds at an early period of the day being ?? to 1, but as soon a9 the rough weather began to affect the state of tho water, making it as lumpy as it might have been ab Blacks wall, tho difference gradually sank till in a few instances 11 to 10 was taken. Boyd was attended by Bagnall, and Iii^gina by Drewitt, and each man was cheered on stripping, though the appearance of Boyd was decidedly better than that ? of his opponent. A clear lead of two lengths was gained at the start by Boyd, who from that moment held the race secure, Higgins not having the ghost of a chance against him. To tho Gateshead man the storm-troubled water was a piece of good luck, and the knowledge of this fact, indeed, had com- pleteiy changed the betting. Before the Bishop's Walk was quite passed by the leading man, his boat was four lengths ahead ; and he was sculling easily at an increased distance-— probably at five or sis lengths— when going by . the Crab Tree. Higgins, on the other hand, laboured hard as tho south-westerly squall was rising to a dangerous fury. The Soapworks v/as reached in 7 minutes 8 seconds by Boyd, and 7 minutes 17 seconds by Higgins ; and Hammersmith Bridge in 8 minutes 41 seconds by Boyd, and 8 minutes 50 seconds by Higgins ; but the nine seconds' difference might easily have been increased by Boyd had ho thought it necessary to exert himself a little more. So hollow a race would necossarily havo been a very dull and unosciting one, had not a cause of anxious uncertainty arisen from the perturbed condition of the tide. It was by no means unlikely that accident might turn the fortunes of the day ; for a positive sea was running, and the frail craft were buffeting with white-crested waves that ever and anon hid them from sight. Still, it v/as far more probable that Higgins should be the sufferer than that mischance should happen to Boyd ; for while the latter shot his boat v/ith comparative steadiness through the foam, Higgins seemed all abroad and was compelled again and again to stop, in order to right his staggering vessel. A space of at least 200 yards waa between the men as Boyd went under Barnes Bridge, and that he could have won by a quarter of a mile is undeniable, had he not judiciously slackened pace. . As it wos, Higgino, who showed an utter inability to contend with rough water, was about twenty lengths behind at the finish, Boyd winning in 28 minutes 34 seconds by J3snson's chronograph. With the stakes of £400 and the scullers' championship, Boyd also took as a challenge trophy the handsome cup given by the pro prietors of a Newcastle paper. It is very likely that Boyd or Black'man may go to Australia, and there compete with Tricketfc, who last June easily deafeated Joseph Sadler for the Thames Championship, but declined, before leaving England, to row with Higgins. GLADSTONE SINKING. A London correspondent writes : ' I fear the public are growing tired of Mr. Glad stone's phamphleteerinr-\ ' Lessons in Massacre' has fallen still-born from the press. The Times dismissed it in a small type paragraph ; some of the other papers did not notice it at all ; and one of the pi'ess agencies, having sent out an offer to telegraph a summary of the pamphlet on the day of issue at a very lor/ price to the pro vincial newspapers, received instructions to do so from four out of something over two hundred journals addressed.' A NEW CATHOLIC BATCONET. An advertisement has appeared in the London Time3 announcing that the Rev. John Swale, O.S.B., of Birtley, in the county of Durham, has assumed the rank, style, and title of a baronet, in virtue of his being the lawful male heir and descendant of Sir Solomon Swale, of Swale Hall and South Stanley, in the county of York, Esq., M.P., who was created a baronet by King Charles II., in the year 1660, for his great sufferings and loyalty to King Charles I., and for having in his place in Parliament proposed the restoration of King Charles II. THE IMPORTATION OF MEAT INTO THE UNITED KINGDOM. A London journal states that a Parlia^ mentary return ha3 been issued of the quantities and value of dead meat imported into the United Kingdom in the three months ended March 31, 1877. The return shows that the total quantity imported v/as 477,598 tons, of the value of £1,273,232. In January, 136,396 tons were imported; in February, 154,989 tons ; and in March, 186,213 tons. Tho meat is classified as follows :?— 'Salted beef, 63,121 tons ; fresh or slightly salted beef, 131,249 tons ; salted pork, 108,804 tons ; fresh pork, 6876 tons ; salted or fresh meat, not otherwise enumerated, principally fresh mutton, 42,659 tons : preserved meat, 124,889 tons. The quantity of meat imported from the United States was 363,685 tons, of which 123,850 tons was fresh or slightly salted beef. From Australia the imports amounted to 47,527 tons, almost wholly of preserved meat ; from Holland, 25,555 tons, chiefly fresh mutton ; from Denmark, 12,025 tons, chiefly salted pork ; from France, 8439 tons ; from Belgium, 6467 tons, chiefly fresh pork ; from Canada, 6025 tons, of which 3730 tons was fresh or slightly salted beef ; from Ger many, 4SQ4 tons ; from Uruguay, 2009 tons of preserved meat ; and from other countries, 1062 tons. Of the total quantity of 477,598 tons imported, 204,868 tons were landed at Liverpool, 128,544 ton3 at London, 105,640 tons at Glasgow, and 21,371 tons at Hai- wich. TEE CLAIMANT. Mr. Guildford Onslow (says the Daily Kews) gives the following account of a visit to Dartmoor Prison : — ' Lord Rivers, and myself arrived at Prince's Town about 3 o'clock, and found oursolves very shortly after wards in the presence of our poor frieud Sir Roger Tichborne, tho victim of false evidence and an unfair trial. We were agreeably surprised to find him in excellent health, and abounding in hope, with a mind at ease,and a conscience that ia at rest. He complained of some bad treatment by the authorities in the prison, but what the grievance was we could not ascertain. He informed us, however, that he had petitioned the Home Minister for an investigation of the circumstances attending it. Ho begged uo to thank the public for their sympathy and support, which cheered him. in his dismal prison. He gavo us some valuable informa tion, regarding Arthur Orton, now in the Asylum at Sydney. When the twenty minutes had ilown, and the prisonor had passed to his solitary cell, we felt tho conso lation of knowing we had done our duty to an injured man, and by our visit had given him one ray of pleasure in his life of gloom.' MUTINY ON AN ENGLISH WAR-SHIP. A dispatch from London dated June 1st '? - . ,*** says : — There was recently an entente ^ on board the iron- plated ship .Alexandra, it is stated, in consequence of the stringency of discipline, and the unusual r:3verity of punishments. The whole of one watch re fused to do duty, and threw the sights of the . . guno overboard, Three insubordinatec were sentenced to forty-two days' imprisonment, and cent home in tho Monarch to undergo punishment. A telegram from Athens, on. 31st ult., gives an account of another and apparently more serious mutiny, while the Alexandra was lying at Pirseas. The mutiny was quelled by the marines and men sum moned from other vessels. Tho mutineers were arrested, and a court-martial convened to try them. Tho cause of this second out break is stated to be dissatisfaction because oi' the refusal of shore-leave, whereupon they rendered the Alexandra' 3 guns unserviceable. It is deemed necessary to send the Alexandra to cruise in the Mediterranean until further orders. 