A FIRST-HAND GHOST STORY. A paper on the Other World, which ap- pears in the current number of the Church Quarterly Review, contains the following first-hand story, which will no doubt be welcome to many readers as a eo?tahstioa to the very large number of aathentic storm testifyingto appearances of a dying bub at the BumtDt of death to distant friends:— -"The fact is that this clam of what are called 'ghost atones' ie ao nmaeroaa, ud ao thorougly well authenticated, that the hesi tation would rather be as to whether they be properly sopernatsral at cIL t We mean thai tbeqnestionariaee wbetheritmay not be pos sible in the natxre of tfaim-^-mder cer tain drc?mstances—forthe departing spirit to manifest itself to distant friends at the instant, the fleeting moment, of tnaaHaim from tfak world to the other ? If anyone replies, if so, why is it sot even aaore common ? our answer k easy. There are numbers of things quite natural which are much more uncommon than the well-ascer tained instances of this claaa of event, la the home in which these pages are written a tall and wide staircase-window, with a northern aspect, throws a strong side-light en the entrance into fh* chief liring-roo?, which atandi at tie end of a passage running nearly the length of the house. It was after mid day, in midwinter, many years since, that the writer left hie study, which opens into the passage joet mentioned, on bis way to his early dinner. The day was rather foggy, but there was no density of vapor, yet the door at the end of the passage seemed ob ecored by mist. Ab he advanced, the mist, co to call it, gathered into one spot, deep ened, and formed itself into the outline of a human figure, the bead and shoulders be coming more and more distinct, while lite rest of the body seemed enveloped in a gauzy cloak-like vestment of many folds, reaching downwards so as to hide the feet, and from its width, as it rested on the flagged pas sage, grring a pyramidal outline. The fall light of toe window fell on the object, which was so thin and tenuous in its con sistency that the lighten the panels of a bighlj-varnished door were visible throGgh this lower part of the dress. It was alto gether calorleag, a statue carved in mist. The writer was so startled that be is oncer tain whether he moved forward or stood still. He was rather astonished than terri fied, for bis first notion was that he was witnessing some hitherto unnoticed effect of light and shade. He had no thought of anything supernataral, till, as he gazed, the bead was toned towards him, and be at once recognised the featares of a very dear friesd. The expressum of his countenance was that of holy, peaceful re pose, and the gentle, kindly aspect which it wore in daily life was intensified {mo the writer, in recalling the sight, has ever since ftit) into a parting glance of deep affection. And then, in an instant, all passed sway. The writer can only compare the ———• of the evanescence to the way in which a jet steam k diasspated on exposure to cold sir. Hardhr, till tiben, did he realise that he been brought into dose commonon with the supernatural. The result was great awe, but bo terror, ao that instead of retreating to his stedy he went forward sod opened the door, dace to which the apparitioa ted stood. Uf coarse he could sot doabt the import of what he bad mea, aatf the morrow s or the next' day's post Uougfal the tidings that his friend had traaqsflly passed out of this work! at the tin* when he was seen by the writer, it most he stated that it was a sudden suinmu?; that the writer had heard nothing of him for some weeks previously, and that Boding bad brought him to his thoughts on the day of his decease." 