- <®4itmT JutelDpt4«,' On Tuesday last William Hargraves.- a shoe- toaker in the employ of Mr. William Davies, of Little River, again had a narrow escape of be ing burnt to death; It appears that on the day above named he went into the kitchen, and was stooping down in front of the fire with the ob ject of getting a light to his pipe, when he was suddenly seized with a fit. He fell head first upon the hot coals, but, luckily, he was observed by some person near, who immediately dragged ' hiiti out, not, however, before he had been very Severely burnt about the knuckle of the left hand, as well as much scorched on the right side of his face from the cheek to the forehead. As sooii as possible a spring-cart was procured, in tvhich he Was driven to Braidwood and lodged In the hospital, where he was attended by Dr. Llewellyn, who prescribed the usual remedies. This is the seventeenth time that this unfortu nate young man has fallen into a fire while tinder the influence of fits. The Jackson's Bay correspondent of the West Coast Times (N. Z.) records the death by a hor rible accident of the Wife of one of the Polish settlers at Smoothwater, named Wietzki. A coroner's inquest elicited the following : — On the 30th June Wietzki was cutting down a tree, which hehad already been admonished to remove, because it was too close to hiB house, when sud denly the tree — which was rotten in tbe middle — fell down iipon the roof of the house, crushing to death, in its sudden and unexpected fall, the £oor woman, who was at the time engaged in ousehold duty, and had her infant child in her . arms. The latter, however, was saved from the horrible death of her mother. The jury re- tUrned a verdict of accidental death. The Wide Bay News has the following : — The Chance schooner came to Maryborough the other day en route from Gavdwell to the S. S. Islands. On board as return passengers were a number of Islanders, who had been properly Paid off before the police magistrate at Card- Well, but the vessel being unable to obtain sup plies there and; the boys- tlieir " trade," the ves sel called in at Maryborough for tbe necessary supplies. The Islanders had amongst them over £800. The agents of the vessel — Messrs. Corser and Co. — with praiseworthy philanthropy, con sidered it improper that the Islanders should be allowed to run riot through the town while in possession of so much money of which possibly they might be robbed. The captains of other 8| trading vessels, of which there are now four in H port, were also interested in seeing that the boys h Were returned to their islands with a " value" H for their money. Accordingly after consultation B a quantity of muskets, slops, boxes, ammunition, H trade, &c.;, was placed on board the schooner H Stanley, the deck was converted into a floating Bj shop, and the Chance hauled alongside. The Rj Stanley presented a busy ' scene on Saturday 18 - afternoon while the barter continued. The news m had got wind, and a number of people visited m the vessel. Several of the Islanders from the Sg- schooner Sybil came across in their boat and B . assisted their countrymen to make judicious pur- H chases. The shop closed at sundown and then 88 such of the boys as were not willing to spend BS their money on hoard or who required articles H which were not to be found at the Stanley store, H came on shore. Mr. Horrocks, the Inspector of H Polynesians, hearing of the circumstance con- 85 sidered it as his duty to examine the boys and IS? make further inquiries. Accordingly he has locked all their boxes and taken possession of the keys, pending a valuation of the amount of trade purchasd, and the amount of money paid by each boy. Referring to Mr. Thomas Brassey's account of his yacht voyage round the world, the Pall Mall Gazette says : — The expedition, he holds, is in some respects unprecedented, a circumna vigation of 35,400 miles having been accom plished in forty-six weeks, which must be de ducted sixteen weeks spent in harbour. Mr. Brassey concludes his description with a few practical observations. In the first place, he says, his comprehensive and veried cruise has strengthened his former convictions that the disasters due to negligence hear a large pro portion to the number of inevitable -losses. Every coast is dangerous to the careless com mander ; but there are no frequented seas where, with the exercise of caution and reason able skill, the dangers cannot be avoided. Secondly, he snbmits that if in these days of lamentation over the degeneracy of the British seamen his experience may be accepted as a contribution to the mass of evidence on this vexed question. He was not, he says, surrounded by such smart seamen as can only be found on a man-of-war, but he has no ground for general or serious complaint. Many of his crew did their duty most faithfully. In .emergencies everybody rose to the occasion, and. did best when his skill or endurance was most severely tried. Mr. Brassey adds in stormy weather the good qualities of the British seamen are diB played to the greatest advantage. The difficulty is to keep up his interest and energies in long intervals of fine weather, when nothing occurs to rouse him to an effort, and .the faculties of seamen before the mast, no less than those of his officer, are benumbed by the monotony and isolation from mankind which are the gravest drawbacks of a sailor's life. It is in these dull moments that men are tempted to drink and quarrei, mai omcers uecome tyrannical, ana their crews insubordinate, or even mutinous. An interesting experiment was recently tried with dynamite in grape culture, which from its complete success is suggestive of still more wonderful uses for this explosive agent. In the case referred to, the dynamite was "used in small proportions to loosen the earth and allow the admission of air and the free percolation of water to the roots of the vines. This (says a French exchange) is the manner of application : — Holes were made in the soil about ten feet in depth, and at points where no roots of the vines were likely to be injured. Cartridges of dyna mite were .then introduced and exploded, and the result was that for the entire depth (10 feet) tbe earth was made loose and friable. The ground, in short, was not only rendered in better condition than could have been effected by plough or harrow, but every phylloxera on the roots of the vines was killed. The success at tendant upon this experiment, thongh on a com paratively small scale, will undoubtedly lead to larger and more important undertakings. Russian atrocities in Asia have already been reported by correspondents of the Daily Tele graph , and the accounts of them are how con firmed by a foreign journal. In a special tele gram from Pera, published in the Neue Freie Presse of yesterday evening, it is stated that the Russians are perpetrating every imaginable cruelty in the Caucasus. They are burning Mussulman villages, forcing tbe inhabitants to abjure their religion and became. Orthodox Christians or else be sent to Siberia they dese crate mosques, outrage the women and girls, and transport the men. They appear, in short to be carrying on the war in that "Circassian fashion" (with a few additions from the " Bulgarian method") which General Kaufmann introduced to the acquaintance of the unfortunate Youm- uds of Turkestan. It is further said that in Ardahan the' committed horrible deeds, and, to crown, all, set fire to the large military hospital, where 800 sick and wounded were burned to \- . death. Rawbeef, it is asserted, proves of the greatest " : benefit as a diet for persons of frail constitutions. \- It is reported that physicians are now adminis- " tering to consumptives a diet of finely-chopped raw beef, properly seasoned with salt and heated by placing the dish containing it in boiling water. This food is given also in cases where the stomach rejects almost every form of food. It assimilates rapidly and affords the best nour ishment, while patients learn to long for jt and to like it as much as Dr. Kane did his Arctic din ners from seal and walrus. There are seven passes over the Balkans : — 1\. Schnmla to Karnabad via Tshalikavak and Dobral, called the Bogaz Pass, very difficult and narrow, easily defended and combining fluvial with mountain impediments. 2. Pravadi via Koprikoi and Jenkoi to Aidos, called the Chenga Pass, difficult, bnt successfully used by General Rudiger with the 7th Russian Corps in 1829\. 3; The coast road from Varna to Burgas. 4\. Tirnova to Kazanlyk, called the Schipka Pass, the most practicable of all, not very diffi cult or steep, and easy to be forced. 5. Tirnova to Silvno, called the Demir Kapu (Iron Gate), very steep, difficult, and almost unexplored. 6. Tirnova or Osman Bazaar to Kassan, and thence to Karnabad, very difficult. 7. The Sowats Pass to Tatar Bazardchjrk, almost impassable. The Manchester Guardian says that one of the oddest defences ever made by a prisoner was offered before the Lancaster magistrates on June 7th, by a woman named Seward, who had attacked her husband with a poker as he lay in bed, and fractured his jaw in three places. Mrs. Seward pleaded that she beat him thus to place him under the doctor's care, as he was killing himself with raw. whisky. She was committed for trial at the assizes. Those who like, an iron roof because the water which runs from it for family supply is purer than that running, from shingle "roofs, are mistaken, as, according to the Scientific Ameri can, , " water becomes, from contact with galva nised iron, highly injurious to health, on account of the oxide of zinc being taken up by the water." The galvanized iron of commerce is simply iron coated with zinc by a peculiar process. The city was interested (says the Virginia City Enterprise'), lately, by the appearance on C street of a strange phenomenon. At first it had the appearance of sparks of fire coming up through the pools of water beside the street. These sparks seemed to explode on reaching the surface, in many instances producing re ports loud enough to be heard across the street, aud being accompanied by a little cloud of smoke, and emitting a decidedly sulphurous smell. It was noticed that the phenomenon occurred only on one side, under the telegraph wires. The sparks seemed to be caused by drops of water falling from the wires of the telegraph, which exploded when striking the pools of water. This solution was seemingly confirmed by the fact that when the wires became dry the phenomenon ceased. It still remains to be explained, however, why, under the circumstances, such results should follow the falling of the water drops from the wires. During Mr. Collinson and party's journey over the country near where the new road is being opened they fell in (says the Cairns Advertiser) with blacks. One mob of these appeared to be headed by a broad muscular half-caste, who, at the time of being seen, had a shield on his arm. He appeared to be urging the others to advance but was timely checked by a rifle ball whizzing between his legs, after which he and his follow ers were seen no more. Mr. Collinson also came across a blacks' camp where was an ample store of wire rigging, hammers, tomahawks, ropes, and other materials, which had evidently been brought from some vessel wrecked on the coast. The blacks were absent during our visit, but probably concealed close by, watching pro ceedings, but afraid to move. At the Royal United Service Institution (reports the Spectator) Mr. Scott-Russel read a paper on " Modern War Fleets," in which lie made some interesting remarks on the applian ces for destroying the enemy's ships without the use of what are technically called " torpe does." He said that it was quite possible to fire shells from mortars, so that they would first ascend and then fall right into the ship and there explode, and also to fire shells down into the water so as to explode under the ship ; and that both these processes might be managed simultaneously, so that while one shell fell into the ship from above, another should blow it up from beneath. That is, we suppose, true ; but. of course it must yield a far less certain result and require much finer skill to effect, especially if the ship be in motion, than the launching of a torpedo at her from a torpedo boat. The alarm caused by the new torpedoes is not due to the- fact that they can do anything which might not have been done before, but that they appear likely to do it with so much greater certainty, and by the expenditure- of so much less exceptional an amount of skill. The inertness and indolence ordinarily attri- bnted to the Oriental (observes the Argus ) is decidedly not justified in the case of Sulieman Pasha, the present commander-in-chief of the Turkish forces in Roumelia, for, if we may judge from the telegrams of the last month, he has displayed an amount of vigour truly wonder ful. Distance has been to him as nothing. He appears to be here there and everywhere — on the south side of the Balkans to-day and on the North side to-morrow ; then half-way through Bulgaria pursuing retreating Russians, and just when he is expected at Plevna he suddenly turns up once more on the South of the Balkans, and is fighting almost simultaneously at Shipka and Bogaz, notwithstanding that the places are not far short of sixty miles apart. On the 18th he was said to have been at Helene, near Tir nova ; and on the 16th at Kezanlik, forty miles away, and separated by a difficult mountain pass. We ma' trace his course according to the telegrams from the time of his arrival in Rou- m alio Dn +l\r\ Of? < I nf T . . 1 . . C..11 _ .1 incut, v/u me A-ut ii ui ouiy ouueuiuu watrttt- Karabunar, South of the Balkans. Then he was at Adrianople. On August 4th he had re captured Eski- Saghra, and was pressing the Russians still on the South of the Balkans ; on the 6th he had occupied the Bogaz Pass ; on the 12th, having reinforcements, he was en deavouring to co-operate with the Turkish commanders in Bulgaria ; on the 13th he had assumed the offensive, and had crossed the Balkans into Bulgaria ; .on the 16th he was trying to effect a junction with Mehemed Pasha ; on the 18th he was at; Helene ; on the 19th, advancing on the retreating army of General Gourkha ; on the 20th he was skirmish ing in the vicinity of the Jenikoi Pass, and had occupied the town of Shipka ; and after all this we are informed on the 21st instant that Sulieman Pasha had not crossed the Balkans, but on the 19th he had passed Kezanlik, which is on the South side of the range. Such in formation is certainly very perplexing, and it serves to illustrate the statement of our London correspondent as to the difficulty experienced in obtaining anything like accurate information of the actual movements of the belligerent forces, for it is certainly a physical impossibi lity that one man could " rampage" over the whole seat of war, from the Danube to Adrian ople, in so circumscribed a time, unless endowed with the gift of ubiquity. An application made in the Supreme Court of Victoria on Thursday, says the Argus, for a receiver in the suit of Rayner v. Spencer and' Rayner elicited a singular story. According to the ease for the plaintiff, John Rayner, his father, Joseph Rayner, who-was born in 1823, enlisted as a soldier; in the 40th regiment in 1845\. In the year 1848 Rayner married one Mary Mather in Dublin, and the plaintiff, who was born in 1849, is the only surviving child of the marriage. In 1852 Rayner came with his regiment to this colony. In 1857 his wife de serted him and took up with a Chinaman named Sing Song. Shortly after that Rayner was tried by a general court-martial for being drunk and assaulting his superior officer, and was sentenced to four years hard labour. It did not appear very clearly what.had become of the son in the meautime ; but after Joseph Rayner's liberation lie worked on farms at Malmsbury,. and in 1872 took up a farm at Arcadia, In August 1862, he was married at Kyneton, by the Rev. H. Geogli- gan,to a woman with whom he had since lived, and by whom lie had several children. After Ins release from gaol he had taken the name of Geerge Spencer. He died in January, 1874 intestate,, and his second wifo administered to his estate. In September, 1871, he had written two letters to George Groves a warder at the Castlemaine gaol, making inquiries about his son John, and stating that if he was found, and came to the farm, that he was to call himself John Spencer, and to say that the writer was his brother. John Rayner had since turned up and applied to Mrs. Spencer for the property (worth £540), but she refused to give it up. The first Mrs. Rayner, who is living at Dayles- ford, refused to join in a suit against Mrs. Spencer, but consented to the plaintiff adminis tering the property. For the defence an affi davit was filed by Mrs. Spencer, stating that her husband had never said that his name was Rayner, and asserted that he had always passed as Spencer. She had spent the property in the maintenance and education of her children. His Honor Mr. Justice Molesworth postponed the application for a week, to enable further affidavits to be filed as to the nature and value of the property. ' A correspondent, writing from the depart ment of the Aude, says : — A trial of some in terest for English readers is to take place at the approaching assizes for this department held at Carcassonne. Last year Mdme. de Lescnre, the widow of a very wealth' merchant at Toulouse, engaged an English governess, named Lydia Margaret Traymar, for her only daughter, who was six years old. This child, which previously had enjoyed the best of health, was seized with- illness soon after the arrival of the governess, and died in a few days, the doctors who at tended her failing to discover the cause of her illness. Soon after the death of her daughter, Mdme. de Lescure missed some very valuable diamonds ; and has no one had' the keys of the cabinet in which they were kept except the governess, suspicion at once fell upon her. Mdme. de Lescure communicated with the police, who arrested the governess, and found upon her not only the diamonds, but a quantity of arsenic. This led to the suspicion that the little girl had seen the governess steal the dia monds, and had been poisoned by her in order to prevent discover' ; the body was therefore exnumea ana sent to montpeiner xor examina tion. I am informed that the analysts have dis covered a large quantity of arsenic, and that the governess will be tried upon the capital charge. A correspondent writes to the Telegraph of Melbourne — "Seeing a paragraph in your issue of a few days, since in reference to the finding of a bottle containing a memorandum from two persons named Moore and De le Mere, which is calculated to give rise to alarm to those ex pecting friends or relatives from England, I, believing the affair to be a miserable heartless hoax — to the perpetrators ' a bit of fun,' but the cause of much unnecessary misery to others —wish to poiiit out the improbabilities of its being an authentic missive. The currents in the neighbourhood of St Paul's and along the Southern Australian coast vary in direction or set from N. to N.E., and in order for tbe bottle to have drifted in the time as described must have given a drift of over eight miles and a half per twenty- four hours — an extreme impro bability. Even supposing the wind was favour able the whole period of the drift, there can be no doubt that had a bottle been so committed to the sea where described, it would have ' struct soundings' either on the west coast of the continent or in the Great Australian Bight. The absence of any ship's name, captain's name, &c.;, the phrascelogy of the ' cast away ' in a boat,' &c.;, with the name De le Mere (mer), are, all takeu together, suggestive of "a very thoughtless joke." The Lahore Civil and Military Gazette makes the statement that "The Prince of Wales's Australian tour is definitely fixed for 1878. H. R. H. will leave England in September of that year, accompanied by the Princess, and after visiting Australia and New Z 'aland, will return by way of the United States. It is well-known that this was a pet scheme of the late Prince Consort, who was exceedingly anxious that the « heir to the Crown of Great Britain should personally visit all his dominions before his ac cession to the throne. It is probable that the Prince will find this tour a more agreeable and enjoyable one than his Indian tour, which is said to have bored him, 60 irksome was the restraint, upon his movements, and the con sciousness of being expected to pose perpetually as a model Christian ruler and an idealized im personation of every English virtue." Naturally (says the Daily Telegraph's) Rustchuk correspondent, " we have spies amongst us ; equally, of course, they are trap ped occasionally. For example, a very nice looking peasant was caught to-day by a sus picious zaptieh as he was in the act of leaving our bank of the river, and trying to get across to the other side. He resisted, and the zaptieh 's sabre came down upon the fingers of the right band, nearly severing them ; upon which the peasant surrendered. Hereupon he was searched and found to be wearing a capital suit of black cloth and tweed beneath the Bulgarian husband man's dress, and he had moreover, got a valu able collection of papers, showing him to he a spy, sewed in his clothes. ' You were educated at Robert College, the American teaching seminary on the Bosphorns — were you not ?' inquired the officer before whom he was brought. ' Yes,' was the sullen reply. ' Eh Men,' said the Soldier, 'then go to the Bosphorus again, and explain why you are trying to sell your country, renegade Bulgarian that vou are 1' The man has "been sent to Stamboul for trial." One of our Indian exchanges remarks : — We continue to hear of the most dreadful destitu tion among the natives in some parts of Wynaad. The people leave their homes, beyond the planting districts, " aud roam over the estates, in search of work and relief. As they were half- starved before they left their villages they are totally unfit for work when they reach the estates, and the inevitable consequence is that many die of want. Deaths of this sort are counted by hundreds in a week, in the south east Wynaad alone. We are glad to know that the authorities are striving to grapple with this evil. Mr. Knox, the Assistant Commissioner of the Nilgiris, has gone down to inaugurate a better system of relief. One horrible affair has been told us by a resident of the south-east. A planter was caught iu a heavy shower of rain and sought shelter in a native hut near. As he approached the hut he became aware of a dread ful stench proceeding from it. With his stick he pushed open the door, and inside saw the deed body of a native. Without inspecting the place further, he went off and communicated with the police, who came and found in the hut no leBs than six bodies, all in astateof decomposition. It is supposed that the whole six died of starvation. In the paragraph in lastf Wednesday's issue (says the Burrangong Argus), relating to the sudden death of the man- Murphy, we stated that the wife of deceased had left lier home and six children, and it was supposed that the man had come into town in order to gain some in formation of her whereabouts.; From what we have recently ascertained there is an amount of. mystery about the woman's disappearance which we trust will shortly be unravelled. It would seem that Murphy was not the best of husbands when alive, being in tbe habit of ill- using the woman, while under the influence of liquor. Her disappearance and abandonment of home and family, even though urged thereto Ly con tinued abuse, was so unexpected, and without leaving any traces behind, that grave fears were entertained by her daughter — and step daughter to Murphy — that the woman had been more than harshly treated — ta place it in a mild form. Accordingly on the very day his death she sought out. Murphy, and questioned him as to wheggjj&gr; mother was, and the man thereupon wJ»s|h on his knees and solemnly protested not know. The same evening MurpSpPned. W'e -believe the matter is engaging the attention of the poliee, but are unaware whether any trace of the woman, has been as yet discovered. In this grave fashion does the New York Times describe a method alleged to _ be adopted by some Indian tribes for disposing of their children during the . winter Early in Novem ber the Owasso father prepares as many water proof birch-bark bags as he has infants. In each of these he places a baby; and then having sealed up the bags with native pitch, carrieB them to a lake, lying some distance north-weBt of Lake Superior. This lake is in a wild and desolate region, into which few white men have penetrated, and in which no Owasso ever thinks of fishing. In its deep waters he sinks the bags and their infantile contents, and then wends his way homeward with the happy air of a man who has proved himself a kind father and secured the certainty of a quiet winter. When May arrives and the ice has melted, the OwaBso father takes his grapling hook and seeks again the lake at the bottom of which rests his hermetically-sealed children. It usually takes him but little time to fish up his family, as he knows exactly where the bags lie. Sometimes an unprincipled father is guilty of poaching among other men's babies, and oc casionally the wrong baby is caught by mis take. Poaching, whether intentional or acci dental, is, however, so severely punished that offences and mistakes of the kind are exceed ingly rare. When the bags are opened the babies are found to be sleeping so soundly that they have to be shaken with considerable energy before they awake. As soon, however, as they regain consciousness, they clamour for food in a way that clearly demonstrates their healthy and vigorous condition. There are sceptics who will deny that a hermetically- sealed infant can remain under water for six mdnths without giving up its entire ghost. With such people it is entirely useless to argue. The fact that the Owasso babies do p&BS; their winters under water, and that 98 per cent, of thein are fished up in a healthy state every spring, rests upon the unimpeachable testimony of a California editor, who derived his know ledge of the matter from a white man who had lived two years with the Owasso tribe. If anyone doubts his story, he is ready to point out on the map the precise location of the lake where the infnntB spend their winters. It iB difficult to imagine that dispassionate men would seek any further evidence. . As for the scientific persons who deny that a baby enn live for months at the bottom of a lake, let them experiment with a few Owasso babies before arrogantly deciding what that variety of infant is capable of doing. It must not be supposed that the example of the Owasso fathers is held up for imitation to the fathers of inchoate American voters. If any man wishes to see if white babies can' hibernate under water he had better make his experiments with caution. He should begin with his less valuable children, or with a few small boys borrowed from his neighbours, and in no case Bliould he keep them six months under water. In the case of a small boy who has developed unusual lung power by constant practice on the tin horn, it might be safe to leave him for three weeks, or even a month, at the bottom of a pond, but as a rule every sunken infant should be fished up once a week for examination. A somewhat extraordinary and painful accident happened to Mrs. Matthew Gamble at Colac. It appears (says the Colac Herald) that Dr. Rae had called to see a member of tbe family, and handed the bridle of his home to Mrs. Gamble. The lady was standing inside her door with the bridle twisted round the fore finger of her right hand, when the animal be came in some manner frightened and made a plunge. This brought Mrs. Gamble's finger in contact with the door post, and, not being able to release her hand, the top joint of the finger was pulled completely off. On June 17, at the City Temple, Dr. Joseph Parker preached in the morning from Proverbs x. 3 — " The Lord will not suffer the soul „of the righteous to . famish." He said in asking for. contributions to the hospitals of London, they were asking help for institutions which power fully represent the practical side of Christianity. Through the healing of the body, Christianity symbolises the healing of the soul. When Jesus Christ opened the eyes of the blind, the act was not self complete ; it was meant to indicate that there was an inward vision whose sight it had come to restore, and to help towards faith in this power to open the eyes of the soul. Christianity builds hospitals as certainly as it builds churches, and it claims the physician as an ally as certainly as it claims the preacher. Marvellous as is the whole economy of London, there is nothing more marvellous than its elaborate network of charities. Were we suffi ciently alive to the wonders of the city in which we live? Do you know that London, taking a radius of 15 miles from Charing Cross, covers nearly 700 square miles ? Within these limits its population exceeds 4,200,000 inhabi tants. In London, there is a birth every four minutes, and .in every six minutes there is a death. If you could put all the streets of Lon don into one straight line, the line would be 7000 miles long, nearly 100 miles longer than from London to Sim Francisco. A marvellous city, then, is London in extent. What is it . morally ? It is as virtuous as it is gigantic ! As an average more than 73,000 persons are taken into custody by the police every year. More than one third of the crime committed in this country is committed in London. Twenty-six thousand persons - are annually brought before f lie T.nnAn niArrtott><v4Aa nk n«.»n J fcivuuwii Miuioutiico gumgeu Willi ueillg drunk and disorderly. Nor isithis very extraor dinary if we consider that if its beer-shops and gin-palaces were set one after the other in a straight line they would reach from London to Oxford. London has more churches arid chapels than any other city in th world, yet more than a million of its inhabitants never enter a place of worship. London is tbe richest city in the world, yet it has as many paupers as would' occupy every house in Brighton. This then is the great field within which we have to work. It requires no special courage to say that its resources are equal to every demand, and 1 trust this. will be shown by a noble contribution to the- Hospital Sunday Fund." The collection after the sermon amounted to nearly niuety-five -pounds. At the City Court, Melbourne (the Age re ports) on Thursday last, Henry Griffin alias Bake, a man 33 years of age, was charged with bigamy on the information of Caroline Baird, which set out that on the 6th of May, 1874, "he did intermarry with one Emil'ie Elizabeth Cockerell, his wife Alta Griffin being then alive." It appears that in November, 1868, he was married at Ballarat to a Miss Alta " Heath, whom he shortly afterwards deserted, and it is believed decamped to a neighbouring colony. Some four years afterwards he re turned to Victoria, and on the 6th of May, 1874, he was married to Miss Cockerell, under the "nauio of Henry Baker. On his return to this colony he opened a butcher's shop in Little Collins-street, and his niece carried on the business. His identity wns discovered bv a friend of his first wife, who recognised him while in the shop, and Mrs. Griffin, who resided at Ballarat with her mother, came to town and satisfied heiself upon tiie point. Detectives Forster and Hayes arrested the man on Wed nesday evening ; and from a letter found in his possession there is no doubt that he was about to escape to Castleinaine. The document in question was signed by Mr. Windsor, his attorney, and introduced him to a Mr. George Richards, who was requested to put him out of the way of arrest, as an attachment had been issued against him in a divorce suit for alimony. On being brought before the Court a remand was applied for, to enable the authorities to arrange for the attendance of the necessary witnesses, and; the- prisoner was'remanded for seven days, hail being allowed in two sureties of £160. Ihe letter found upon the accused formed a subject of comment, Mr. Faussett, ' who appeared to prosecute, remarking upon the somewhat strange fact that Mr. Windsor t had given the document to. Griffin after having; arranged with him (Mr. Faussett) to pay a portion of the money (the subject matter of the suit in question) that day. Mr. Windsor pointed out that he had been actuated by no desire to enable the prisoner to evade justice in the case before the Court, but merely wished to delay the Berving of the attachment upon him in the civil suit referred to in the letter. Mtrs Canavassoglu, of Athens, was basely deceived by a gay young Greek officer, and she shot him dead in the street. Modern law intervened, arid the young lady was arrested for murder. But the tradition of ancient Greece came to her assistance, and poetical jnstiee conquered the law, for the case was .regarded as a curse of Nemesis, with which it would be blasphemous to interfere. So she was acquitted and accompanied to her home by the acclama tions of enthusiastic throngs. She has already had several offers of marriage. The Inverell Times says : — Mr. T. G. Dan- gar, M.L.A., was presented by his friends at Narrahri, with a purse of sovereigns. _ He carried them safely through Moree, Warialda, and Biugera, hut between the latter place and the Manilla he lost them all but two. Mr. Dangar was on his road to Sydney, in Mr. Mathieson's buggy, and the valise or trunk con taining the sovereigns was strapped on. By some means or other a hole got worn in tbe valise, and the sovereigns muBt have fallen through. On this being discovered, Mr. Mathieson retraced the track of the buggy, but could only find, we believe, about eight ; he, however, met a Chinaman and asked him if he had seen any sovereigns on the road, knowing that if the fellow had he would have picked them up. John knowingly said, " me no savvy." However, it turned out that John was in possession of forty-two sovereigns, which were supposed to be the property of Mr. Dan- gar. Upon this .being discovered, John was conveyed to the lockup, but as the money could not be identified, John was discharged with his sovereigns. Holloway's Pills and Ointment. — Influenza, Coughs, and Colds. — In diseases of the throat and chest, ever, prevalent in our changeable climate, nothing so speedily relieves, or so certainly cures, as these inestimable remedies. These disorders are too often neglected at their commencement, or are - injudiciously treated, and in either case disasterons consequences result. Whatever the condition of the patient, Holloway's remedies will restore, if recovery be possible ; they will retard the alarming symp toms till -the blood is purified, when nature, gradually restoring strength and vital nervous power, will consummate the cure. By persever ing in the use of Holloway's preparations, tone is conferred first on the stomach, and through it on tbe system generally. Thousands of per sons have testified that by the use of these remedies alone they have been restored to health after ever' other means had failed. Mr. W. L. Lewis, of the Hafod, Swansea, has invented a -new engine of warfare, which will be very likely to attract the attention of the War Office as an appliance calculated to place its possessor in an advantageous position over an opponent. It consists of a cannon so arranged aB to discharge a sharp Bword-blade cross- wise in the direction of the enemy, the knife or cutter being so poised in its career through the air as to cover the whole space in a longitudinal direction described by the blade itself. An 8-inch ball would cany a sword 14 feet in length 600 yards, literally mowing down every human obstacle in its path. A fearfully sudden and fatul accident oc curred in James-street, Toowoomba, about ten o'clock yesterday morning (says the Chronicle of the 18th instant) by which a man named Harry Farmer, a farm labourer, met his death. At the hour named he called at Ryan's Hotel, and' had a glass of schnapps, and for a few minutes conversed about agricultural matters. When he left the house he mounted his horse, and had ridden as far as Jost's, when the animal commenced to buck, and threw his rider with violence to the ground. Deceased fell head downwards, and it is Baid that the horse kicked him. Dr. Scale, who was in the neighbourhood at the time, was called to attend the unfortu nate man, and ordered his immediate removal to the hospital, at the same time stating that he would expire before reaching the institution. Deceased, who never spoke after the accident, died a few minutes afterwards, and his body was conveyed to the morgue, where it was afterwards identified. Deceased was a native of Staffordshire, bnt it is not known whether he had any friends in the colony. x He was sober at the time of the accident. Some of the telegrams about the war would puzzle a Philadelphia lawyer. One day we are told that the Turks have given the Russians a tremendous thrashing. In a day or two, again, we learn that the Russiaus have sur rounded the Turks, and that the prospects of the latter are hopeless. But, wonderful to relate, according to the next telegram tbe Turks are as lively as ever, and giving the Ruesians as much as they can do to hold their own. More over, while a few days ago the. Russians had surrounded the Turks, the latter have like a shot turned tbe tables, and now have sur rounded the Russians I It is evident that a good deal of the information with which the public is supplied is worthless, or even some thirig worse. The intentions of those cor respondents who, in their haste to send some thing, forward unauthenticated rumours instead XA ftin ama J — I . 1_ .1 I 1 1 1. ui puvcu .Lucie, are no uuuDt gooa, out liiey cannot accomplish impossibilities. They send ns chaff and grain together, and to tho subse- i quent detail of events is left the proof as to the exact proportion of each. For official informa tion, the two" main sourcess are untrustworthy. ; Turkish despatches are as six, and Russian bulletins as half a dozen. When an army on either side gains a fragment of a position from the enemy, the circumstance is converted into a glorious victory ; and when it has been well beaten it gracefully "retires." The corres pondents on the Turkish side seem to he allowed to write what they please, we admit, and there fore some faith may he placed in tfieir stater inents ; but on the Russian side those unhappy gentlemen are badged and numbered like cab drivers or watermen, while the pains and penalties they have to suffer if they dare to be independent, and say exactly what they think, are enough to alarm those who have read much of the knout and Siberia. In the fourth anriual report of the Michigan state Board of Health, Dr. Scott relates some thing new in the influence of tobbaco on the human system, as.follows:— "There has come under my notice for several years, hut more particularly during the last .two years, a kind of rheumatic condition of the walls of the chest. The patient complains of a dull heavy pain in the chest walls. The disease in a large majority of cases is confined to the left side. The pain is circumscribed and limited to a space of not more than two inches in diameter, just belovv and a little to the left of the left nipple. At times the pain is very severe, and always constant day and night, when the patient is awake. I have investigated the disease to some extent, and find it to he more common among tobacco users, especially those who use the weed to excess.. Patients suffering from this complaint invariably come' to their physician with the belief that they have heart trouble. I have not found sighs of organic lesion in any cases that . I have examined, but there does exist in some -of them what might be called 'irritable heart.' I am convinced that the greater number of these cases are the result of intemperance either in the use of tobaeco or other stimulants, for the reason that , when the patient abstains froth the use of them fer a short time, his pain ceaBes, and his condi tion improves. In one case, where the patient - abstained from the use of tobacco for thirteen months, the pain entirely censed ; but at the end of this period the gentleman recommenced the use of tobacco, and after three weeks' use the old paini returned with all' Its severity. I am certain that quite a number In this vicinity are receiving treatment for heart disease, when, if they would reform iri tobacco, using, they would speedily recover." — Medical Week. A London correspondent of th.e Times of India , writes " I hear that the chief parties in a recent celebrated case— -I meau Dr. G ully and Mrs. Bravo — are now travelling together and living the same way," in short, as they were accustomed to do ere Mrs, Ricardo became Mrs. Charles Delauney Turner Bravo. I con fess that I am not surprised to hear this news, because the relations of Dr. Gully and Mrri. Bravo were so clearly revealed to the world at the recent trial, that each of them probably! thinks that no further injury can possibly be\ sustained by either of their reputations. _ Injv the meantime, Mrs. Gully (Dr. Gully's wifop continues to live oh, at a very advanced age,v«t»kf. Brighton." _ On Friday evening last (the Scrutineer re- \ 1 ports), a daughter of Mr. Samuel M'Donald, residing near the village of Bowral, aged about four years, came by her death through injuries received by falling in a fire. It apipears that some hush fires were burning in a paddock near M'Donald's home, when deceased and her brother, aged six years, went out to them. De ceased, in throwing a stick upon one of the fires, fell in and received dreadful burns on the head, the: eye and ear on one side being com pletely destroyed. The little brother pulled his sister out of the fire as soon as possible, and immediately informed his parents. Dr. Lam bert,- of Berrima, was at once sent for, but the child died within twelve honrs of having re ceived the injuries. The Central Australian (a Bourke journal) reports that Mr. W. T. Forster, coroner, has gone to Belalie station on the Wan-ego River, for the purpose of holding an inquest on the body of a man reported to have been found in the -fork of a tree near the river. The man's skull is said to show plainly that it has been beaten in by some heavy instrument, whilst around the body was fouria some bagging con taining weighty material calculated to sink ther body. This discovery iB due to the recent- floods, which, it is presumed, must have washed trie rioay to wnere it nas oeen zouna. A patent has just been granted to one of the editors of the Evening Bulletin and the Mornincf Call newspapers of San Francisco for a method of rapid telegraphing of stereotyped plates. It is claimed that by this process an entire page o£ a newspaper can be transmitted by telegraph inr from fifteen to thirty minutes, delivering the copy directly from the instrument in such form that it can be handed immediately to the printers. In other words, the copy, will be a substantial reproduction of the original, except that it may be given in a larger-sized letter if so desired. The stereotype plate requires no preparation for the purpose of telegraphic transmission, other than the filling of all its depressions, or spaces between the faces of the letters, with a non-conducting substance whicb may be quickly applid, the faces of the type" ! being left clean by means of an equally simple process. The plate thus prepared is. placed upon a cylinder arranged to revolve rapidly, . so as to present each successive letter in figures attached to a travelling frame. As the cylinder bearing the plate revolves tbe frame gradually advances by the operation of a screw ; and thus each and eveiy time is -successively presented to the fingers or magnetic points above men tioned. Necessarily the circuit is open when the points are passing over the non- conducting surface ; but as often as the metal type pre sents itself to the said fingerB tbe circuit is closed, and the corresponding magnetic points or pens at the receiving station make the record there in the same letter as the original "deli neated in a series of fine lines either upon chemically prepared or ordinary paper fixed upon a corresponding cylinder at the receiving' station. A correspondent writes to the Pall Malt Gazette on the subject of newspaper corres pondents with the Russian army : — "Besides metal badges to be worn on the arm, they are required to have always" with them their photo graphic likeness, which in token of authenticity, , must bear the stamp of the Russian staff." Ac cording -to a Russian newspaper, the first foreign correspondents formerly received were M. Ivan de Woestpn, of the Paris Figaro, and Mr. M'Gahan, of the Daily News. Other foreign correspondents however, have since arrived ; and the Standard's correspondent with the Russian army, who, in a recent letter, described the ceremony of investiture, states that the badge is six inches long, and that the one he wears is marked "No. 9" According to an occasional correspondent of the Standard t writing from St, Petersburg, the Official Joarnal lias received from its correspondent at the Russian head-quarters an account of the in structions issued in connection with foreign newspaper correspondents, to Russian officers. They are to be carefully watched, they are to 'be at liberty to go where they please, but on condition of communicating at the office of ther staff every change in their place of abode ; com manders of columns and all who are likely to he well informed as to the movements of troops- are to be on their guard if correspondents should apply" to them for news ; and in case of' suspicions conduct on the part of a corres pondent, above all, " if he Bhould show any in tention of going over to the enemy," he is- to be at once arrested and taken before the nearest' general. , - 