The Advertiser THURSDAY, AUGUST 30, 1877. PROCEEDINGS IS PARLIAMENT. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 29. In the legislative Council- A petition was presented from Jas. Cooke for an extension of railway communication from Narracoorte to Jessie. A motion for a new polling-place at Sedan was carried. Tbe Hon. E. C. Baker's motion was carried by a laxge majority, in favor of entrusting the Hon. VT. Morgan "(instead of tbe Chief Bscre tary) with all Bills received from the House of Assembly. Vie motion of tiie Hon. J. Forae to rescind tiie sessional order passed early in tiie ■easing, allowing the Chief Secretary to speak twice to other members' once, warn also carried by a latgs majority. The debate on tiie Hon. W. EvbrmuVs con tingent motion was adjourned. All otter business was ossteoned until Toes day nest. Council adjourned at 5 o'clock until Tuesday next. In tbe Howe ef Assembly- Mr. HawX??'e motion relative to tfae nn enforcement of tiie fines inflicted on Messrs J. ft J. Cock was withdrawn. Mr. Baxsax moved tbe adoption of the report of tiie Select Oommittee on W. T. Dalmafs case, and tiie debate was adjooxred for m week to allow tie Speaker to consider a paint of older, Mr. fiic?Attps's motion for (cave to introduce a Bill to provide for the payment of members was lUffatiwtnu The Hon. L. Gltde's motion for a return describing all lauds granted to the University of Adelaide and the Forest aad Education Boards was agreed to. Mr. Boswokth moved his resolution for pro viding accommodation for loading sheep at Hpmtey Bridge. She motion was amended, and the debate adjourned for a **flkto*Uo« the Commissioner of Public Works to procure fortfaer infbcmatioii. llr.Bcna obtained leave to iutaciuce aa Amending Municipal Corpomtions BUL Mr. Cogub's snotio? far a report upon a jetty for Venus Bay was carried. Tlte adjourned debate on. Mir. Basbim?w*6 motion for an Education Commission was re sumed, and Mr. Bans and the Munsrsts of AcnicwtTC?? and Edccatkw having spoken, it was again adjourned. The debate on Mr. ficrcuia's motion to cbangs tiie calling-place of tbe English mall steamers from GJenelg to the Semaphore was adjourned. Mr. HA.wkbb*B motion for correspondence as to the noa-CBgagement or dismissal Of man over 40\. years of age was agmed to. p*B House adjourned at 9.20 to a? toOowhag day. It may be that a body of men will do collectively what as individuals they -would not do. On toother hand, as a collective Jbajdy their function in (lie social body may be entirely different from that of an indi vidual, and consequently tbe actions of such a body are not always to be tested by tbe standard of individual action. This holds good on questions of judgment, but, of course, not on matters of right and wrong. Itis farther possible that such a body of men may liaveat titeir command souzces ol information wbick die public does not possess, and by virtue of their appointment to the position they hold the public expects them to possess, which information enables them to act in a manner that fu&s;_ sight appears in antitfaeaU to •■worthy or commendable course. The only way for the public mind out of such a difficulty is either to reserve its judgment, or fall back upon the known character of Hie men composing that body, and if the sum total of the individual mental and moral probity is below a reasonable standard, then release them of their respon -6Jh3itieB. It is further a fair point for comment that so far as the public ate con cerned, it will always take the 6ide d the reflorthe apparently oppreesed, and that the individual, as against a body of men. wfU always most readily receive public support and sympathy. This is, on the whole, probably as it ought to be, provided tbkt sympathy is not continued after it is shown to be misplaced. It, however, be comes the press to correct publ-c ideas, and as, the upholders of .fair dealing' to mete o\tt, not the measure of a partisan of either party, bat just judgment betvrcsn diem. We ate drawn to these remarks from the relations seemingly subsisting between the Cduncfl of Education and Mr. Minns, the kite Teacher of the Rundle-street School* the dispute between these parties having been made by Mr. Bees the ground of an attack apon the Council daring his speaeh on Wednesday in tbe Assembly upon our editions! Bystem. On the 21st of May, at j the Council meeting, a serious charge waebrongbtajafinst Hr. Minns, to the effect "dbat extensive falaocations have been discovered in die books Mr. Minna has been keeping at tbe E«E<Jb-6treet SchooL" To a gentleman jn such a positron this was an I accosatioc of the most serious and damaging character. This charge has been held over him for three months. In this fact we an sure there are few in tim communitf who will deny to Mr. Minns the ayapathy that his position merits. Whatever tiie circam stances may have been that prevrarted tiw forthcoming of an official legal opinioa bs foreauch a long period had passed ovea; we ' must say that we view Mr. Minna's case v i a hard one. Such a charge ought to bate been substantiated or abandoned at a much earlier period. Having thus far declared our sympathy with Mr. Minns, we are de sirous of. seeing how much further, for £hs j present at Least, it ought to go. | We mean to see bow far the guarded | final reply of the Crown Solicitor carries j with it the construction that Mr. Minns has -been rashly accused. The original charge m the words of the President is " thai ex tensive falsifications have been discovered in the books Mr. Mimas has been keeping. 1' The Crown Solicitor says—"l have sees the witnesses on whose evidence alone the knowledge of tbe fake entries in tbe rott book can be fixed on Mr. Mraw." If tbis means anytiung, it seems to us to mean that j false entries do exist in the toll-book, and : tbe Crown Solicitor's difficulty lies in firing them legally upon Mr. Hums. We ass no way of escaping from this condsHuw. The difficulty may be sv legal one, bat tbe roll-books speak for themselves. If tike alienee of a certjin number of children from school for overal consecutive weeks can be established, and yet they are entered as present, Mr. Minns may or may not have known the fact, but the false entries never theless remain. This is how, as it appears to us, tiie case now stands. It is quite pos sible Mr. Minns w3l be able to show that such entries are not false, or if false, that they have been maliciously or care lessly entered by some one under hun, and if be does so, ids claim to . ray deep and very gsmniw public sym pathy icill be established. On tbe other band there is a word to he sail on behalf of the Council. We find by the 169 th regulation tint "the principal teacher of each school wiU be held re sponsible for tbe proper keeping of the following school records aad documents," < among others the "rolHiook.* Tna teacher is required to sign each retain, aad for its accuracy and faithfulaew i* held respon sible. Wefailtoaee Iwwft school coold otherwise be conducted. By tiie 99th I regulation, the teacher may be summarily ! dismissed for " falsificatioo of returns." Under those circumstances, the Council have acted towards Mr. Minos in perfect accordance with their own regnlatioast, even euppoeing he had not been dismissed for a 1 diffarent offence. Even aithougn th« Crows Solicitor is not able to fix kgaUy , upon Mr. Mums the falsification of the re turns, the Council were taund to hold bim responsible for them. The fact of Mr. Mums being innocent of any crimioal iotao- Uon in tide matter does sot prove that the Council acted harshly or unwarrantably in tbe action they took. They acted as goar dsans of the public funds and public interests* sad if liter are to be condemned there is an end of all control over public servants. There seems to have been gross negtisenoe or misconduct somewhere in connection with these returns, and the Council of Education properly in tiie first instance held Mr. Minns accountable, and as far as we can see they are not to blame, except for tbe extnordi?ary delay in dacvling whether or not they would be justified in prosecuting bim, a question that is answered in the negative, The delay, we must Bay, besides being grossly unfair to Mr. Mums, is dksredUable either to the Council of Education or tie Crown Soli citor, or both. The report of Mr. W. Clark, the emnent engineer, on the drainage of the (Stf of Sydney, jiuimm at <he present time a special interest for Sooih Australia. That gantiemaa baa been invited to visit Ade laide, to examine and report upon the dminag? sdaeme proposed for H by Mr, Hyndtnfln,aod adopted by the Corporation; and to advise generally on tbe best means of ridding the city of tbe sewage attte wluiMCHiimktet ia it and whiea tek?* sway so modi from its general solidarity. Tbe situations of tbe Cities of Adelaide and of Sydney respectively, and the way in which they have been planned are co different, that a comparison cannot fairly be insti tuted between them in relation to a drainage system. The appliances provided intfciecitr for carrying off tbe sewage and tbe storm waters are imperfect and inaaffitaent. Them are a few aewers in some of tbe leading streete, which dJMchmrge ihttr con tents into tbe Torrent, and depend for being cleaned out upon the rain which finds its way into them from tbe gotten. For all sanitary purposes tbe city may be re garded as undrained, and a voy large part of it has no surface drainage whatever. Sydney, on the contrary, can be drained with the greatest ease; bat we find from Mr. Clark's report that the inclinations of tbe streets are so steep, aai the Qatar Uiion? of tiie surface a?- considefaUe, that tbe discharge of tbe surface water is too rapid. It brings down with it «n immense quantity of sOt into the covered aewers, which become choked with stod «ad Mm whaa they reach tbe lower lerwk. Mr. CSark's duly in exananing into tbe ooaditkm of Sydney reqoired him to make as much use v pos aUe of tbe drainage system already in existence, bat it any caw to dents some scheme by which tbe city could be drained, so as to reduce tbe diseases prevalent in it to a gimimmn, and at tbe same time to prevent any poasiiae foaling of Sydney Har bor, which eteaj bow n tfae pmee into wUd the mnge is ponied. The dMEcnitira of the question remitted to kirn in New Booth Wake won mi greater than those which attach to tfae Adelaide drainage schemes which have either been suggested <* ?*- ehuly adapted. Hen nothing has bam done, therefore a perfect system maybe devised at fie outset, and thus as immense amount of time and money be saved. Itis sot necessary that we should follow Mr. dark throughout tiw whole of hi. re port, much of wbkh is devoted to the dia casdo? of partly local misMrtin Tfae general ooad?skm* at which fae arrives saay be of great sk to guidon* in eonaigflriijf oarowacase. We an aay at ones, if the scientific principles which rebate the gwxxal question of theirauaaje of towns mm constant, aad each to anat be applied in all eases, with special ts> teed conditions, tfae acfaeme of Mr. Good* wfflbe blown to the winds. The pma adopted by Captain lienmr too wffl share no bettor fate, hennas it is shown that Oat system •opposes the pre-eaistonce of a system of drainage which nawm aD tfae Irid MwagcloraMdfrwthedsilywtMTMpatf after bw; aad Oat if the lieraar system were first eoastracted It woald not lessen either the expense or the sfaeotate necessity for corerod drainage. With regard to the general notion of the mtifiiatioa of th* •swage, Mr. Gbuk rtys that no proses* known to him for converting sewage isto aaunore hat ever proved a financial aacceas, aad in Sydney (it would be the asm* in AdelsMe) when labor b etpaatife, it woaM be leas likely to be as than in mart other places, At the same tana he thoroughly beHavee hi the possibility of dealing with sewage by irrigation, and that if properly managed h conld be disposed of with an increased production of whote some food for men aad cattle. He adds, **I am, however, nnafale to point to any instance where this is aroumtiluhwd witfewt neM kas to Ike i*flinHMij iatererted, aad where as dten tire of Amhu&rig; tfae tangs at once into deep water, without —p—w~, prenatal hsetf, Isboaidhare nofaoaiuum in adopting it.* Front tiw it nay be on daded that his reeoanaendatkes with w speet> the aewage of Adelaide wfflpro baUy iMlndethesAoptio?of the sea fo: t&? final ooOet, m baiif &• «aVi?t cheapest, aad axast effective plan, provided that we are eominoed that the sewage wil not fae east back npon the ahore. BhaaU wb be satisfied on that point, t*? main qaestion which win reqaira to fee determined will be tfae proper point of flhuiiaige, so Oat it aaay be carried oat into the aea, or at any rate so com pletely overawe by tfae aea waftar a« to b>come afasojataly iannrioa*. Xhaexaa? aanrta of eaating wooden float* into A? Gtedfwitfaaview of ***iiuinii?j whether ! [ daere is any substantial danger of the solid ajatter contained in, the city aawnga from bang east back again on ths Aon 90 m to become a naissnoe, wiH probably have set that qnettion at rest baton Mr. Clark arrives in thai colony. Tb«R*nlt^aifarascanbejndg«dat prc •ort,do?ot aetik the point condaaimly, ma tew floats have boon picked ap, and it aa most likely that sewage, long before it tra.TeQed so far as thoes floats did, woaU sink or be so dissolved aad mixed with the aea water—amnaiopatMwid ia fact—as to bacome übmhwos. It cas be aaderatood how the aewage ponnd into Sydney harbor hwnmn bartfol when it is cnmiilumd tWt Uconskfaief anisnMne nonber of laaaV locked bays not awes exposed to tidal inflaeacee, aad in which, aader the stost , favorstte conditions, the waters an ; dstaged very aVowly. The daily addi tion of marry 2,000 toaa of aswage charged withaoase 116 torn of solid sad flnd foecal natter, to the water* of the harbor, mnst ander aach riw ms^iiii, in coarse of thne, reader these watas danger oaaty impure; and it ia that fact which has rendered a re&aaiitbi; ilfam of the whole <jt the Sydaey dapsapa syatem imperative ! The myalatiu? of Sydney (170^X10 per sona) ia constantly iacreasiag, and Mr. Ckrk!t pbsi baa refsrence to iv faxme as wfA aa its present wants. Bf means of an intenepting sewer be proposes to cany all ti? Hwaf? intO tbe 00MB at t pOWI afaoat 9i m9ea dislTnt tittm the month of the harbor—"a distance too gnat to per mH of ajaawlw usion of any mamnce armkaj thereto. 1' Tkm storm water* am ftspnand of by a syatem ino^pendent of theaewera, so aa to obviate ait danger of their being choked if the aft which it washed down. One slaUmnil in his report k most ia?-' portant aa buwiiig, on -the qaactio? of coat. The camber of booses m Sydney k iSjOUi at Aent 7J086 am |r> ▼ided with water dcaem, the eoa teota of which find their way into the aewen. There axe tfaos 9&H; honaca with ccaapita, iwr?aaitatiag the storaga of filth of the most amriow char*c ter and its periodical remoraL 3aeeostof ckanaing tteae laneptacks is ahoat £&MXK;> a year, an expenditgre which would fae unnecessary, if proper nattary works entsd. Tfcie sam, fee atstea, rep^esanta the{ntsreatda£4oft#Kat SperceaL.for wbsch be beUcvaa Jtha anOn drainage works of tfae city—exclusive of the inter cepting drain far the aorthetd ostfaU— could be completed, wfaaV the east of the ccmpfa'utvm&ito; £19,an *a&ata;& in mast rawa to pay tfae coat of the Hoom Drainage Works. If we take tfae aopahfria ef Adelaide as 35,000, it beats the proportio? of ahoat oaVfiftfatotfaat of Sydney, and the f «d -tity of faecal master, sand and flmd, which ia produced dairy is 33 toaa. Una with IfiUQJOOO gaJJomi of wnmr vaadd give nearly «76 ions of aewsfje, which w«dd find ito way hrto ihe Gaff—if that piufaaAaeted. We do not think that the qnantity of aolni matter which woadd Haw besot rid of is mdEdm&f; Inga tojaata> any aarioaa ahum as to 0* effecta apoa oar coast fise, alfto?gh perhaps on tkb faint fartfcer aviaeaee ia aeeiai. f?e iiaaibai of booses mAaVlside ia aboat 7^ooo, aad the cesapit system hi almost miiramtty v opmslhw. lac cast of deaaemg thase umijitsilia. estiaaating them at HflOQ, on Mr.dmrk-e bams of cost, which it abort tWasawaatlaUwiuehonxmsuitfaiaaty, woaUdnsiwakmtaSlaVWOay«ar. This wonhl represent gte intermt on &OQ;/XK*. t amm nearly if not f ate am&ant; to emf •at the CatporaOan plan, aaiyosiag that efaoold be coasidemd to fee the mostinut alie means of aWasjaj the city. We have been atrack with the pmarnl fear maay whkfa exists ant-amm Mr. ClarftW opmian on tbem&yx;*. and thorn wmchar* esjaessni by «ar City Rariaeai as to a proper Aaoaaaa acsnase, as wafl saCbaa? af the hemttfa as4fasri£iae ef A&smaa; at to its general scope ami gejain imiato Osr taialy g Mr.dark osaJs wMh the I.im t i faaatioaaf Anmmiaeiaaaaiaaandriiaifit hem«v«amsmaerasn«la?alaakw&a;<faa taak imafiliid to ham in flj<wj,tfaa? nrffl fee ao naaoa to ragnt Hal cost at has vmK whaterer Ms final inr ma—ilalisas mmj fea, Oh Wtamamay Ac sawrhm fia* mafiaf iU Oavermmmt Imamam «at of th* laanla at Sr?«7 Afcnwaa osrried m the Upper Hoaas withoat a division, and a like ramat sUmind the motion Cm- eWiiina the Ck^^a^rf^pThtagTaTaTwtn who nsyWi to cmnsne of nmmk tama was aajo«aaa*"fL apserhus 4D "f^aCnTa?l nsnsflatMaTasS Vf^esnss a^B Amnsaaai asmaat pamed fnm «tn«a ta*feajr, tern firmyto aevere. The ChaaT gsmrtaii task fh? matter snaaetsnaaa anrioaatr at ether tmans wiA iacalsr%j aowhewasaH naiitilitj, andthan brh.rn>mHsOf aTfeadawtia aaaanml am Jen* Wsi 9M laW?ananamaM whan fea iiaaalaUiii aa • •Html afemeW* tie* fltStf^MMt CsmVt Alt f3eM?alasnl ammmmlmf?am *^^^ •ipal *"^*^** •^mm?man^mav •ns^m* ■me^^asV fsmv smsnajM^k bat on Wea^eAajr afmraoai fae 4MaS mnple tikas to aiWi laemi Hnaaiaa ef aaa wWaQjaaan* f^mnisnnmaam^a???i aaavLmmnr --Jabk "?a¥w V^sVantW^aaaaWaVai WVasasH SB ■paaamV Wa\ ■at Mr. Margaa's tat. Has ama«aaaammt ii rrflimjiaftrrwiariroanvijandaawe cuaaut 4evote oar rnhimiwinximli Jj teahr?aary Avera^ReJAiai? faaimlewiay ifsjenj nj,', ■c, v? «9 not at frecaat eiciaal «ar "awamnta on tat Upper Honse ambteH a?ts«fhstlm?heanl?W?Kht aboat far ew OoynrsanaaL Wert_WtAwaaWD gsnhaw laanaaaaia tlaCoaaei «4L^aml"**^ Tub tefcgraaoa «■ Ike faiWifcwt am liUZumlj twidMwL Vws *??•*? Qdim; htMtit«M ttaTSTlte ■ not taken «t «IL Tfceffn muiwppl —- •«, wfck* wi? be fcaW Ji'lMtfai coubbb, tialira that Hat Ka*aaate taw* ikm mrfowei, fa* it it a* iiyiMtrt tew hweioi-a Ac ■fctiEniltilt •bo^^i* attMk O^nTJRHhL «• j«?r aefiMAto tfce Ute>Wil tbo^t.: [ fey Salei— Bwtm wiZwfcwiiiii?alii^ «Wdd late •wiaL^BMtcA tfni nAna «■ AaC «M?Gajr to • Kaa aata dScial iemUtA Ike Vas?Mtt* fineJ «t&<■ <■ ftiwjijr.lt ■iilHm it mtiitCbamt ?nirfatri—r?Mf hr? awTwl Scrrm hm moM toaiSAaSmia to th> Buaaa ia Be^jMavkatltlMMitfal wietter dm mpart fc wurohi I % jwt ; ya«,hiif dtiHgM to i^ki far •*•*«* «9 W Jsrijr^?lr bihill by Indi c*« -laFc??ttlianhal tH|M|tf kJbiraki aartttsa to a c^i% aat Ua mmmtm t«« «r raniKu. «m «f tw taMM* men of Flpove, «ai aaeoai «frir jhf ?*Mrf to ta*oN?faKt«f Ika lleaaajaM?* aaitok€>a;<W?wi?s?t?m«tfca%—> ti? from fM? «ai <l tib? iMMf f? n* otlxr. Tfc* if?kaiy TVntJaal Iwi Im fled o« the laiifliy «f FaifMa—l, Ifca lawiyrf ttefkMk, aai aB Ckm rfcfcta 4eamt torn ftcaaMiaMMaMhiMaaaav who,after —«r jftugT^ iwSi .^aai^fe^^k>HH^^B^^A j._j. ■MaMflaavJaW dfa^M?j a^aVaVa^Sak «mZ^te be nftesnte Maw «dna\«T . '_*? .? - 'iatt _^1X *«*"■■ Va^H^lW BHnMHy ■#■■■* ■■■■? ■?■ In the ntmm cf Wlii^H) ■?«■£ Mr. Mr. Hnftr wi? ?«- j?<fc? H«a?rf Mr. Hub Ims em* ?o«i« A«th* «ri? mk* i.MtttMtf li iillibgtfiiifapljl. ai^ierf ha! ■? <h> WumtmmjiftfkMm- I 111, ilitiiiiiii'- -1 - _~*^X Qp Tt«d«, g^Uwlwr <, Mr. M— «f i aAtbecTfcl mi at gX<i? WmtmUUlt ! -tt* «fW« tf *? 0 III! HI *^«Llij? proper and constitutional course to parrae to -continue tbe oaodact of public business, without asking ibis Home to express its approval of th) action, of the Government in referenoe to the dispute between the, Hon. tiie Chief Secretary md the legislative Council." Also, whether it i« *• the inisn&n; of the Government to take an early oppprfuiiitf ot asking thb House to «xptesi its approval of the action «i the Govern ment in reference to the dispute between the hon. the Chid Secretary and the Legislative Council." . . We le&rn; that the Gaih&rina;, vriih s cargo of tea for Adelaide, tailed from Foochowon June 27. The annual meeting of the Glenside Oricket Glob is to be held at Ditmar?* Befresh ment Booms, Freeman-street, thia eveniag. The steamer Star of Hope, which was chartered by titeGovernment to bring Iback the "Western Australia telegraph instruction party from Eucla, arrived *t that port yesterday. Messrs. Stilling & Co. have received a telegram from Captain Begg, at the Pskwsu, mMiag that the vessel made the ran from the Semaphore to Port Augusta in 30 boot*. A German laborer named Berger, in the •employ of Mr. J. W. A. Sudholz, Gules Plains, vafe admitted into the Adelaide Hospital on "Wednesday. He was doing come fencing work that day, when he fell and injured hisrigb fcnee. Wool is: coming in rapidly (mys toe rort Augusta. DugaUkol August 36), shearing b&ving; commenced this year rattier earlier than usual. Earn if mnoh wanted throagh the whole «oontay, very tittle naving fallen daring the last tare montbk : , The exports -tft wheat and flour from <Califotn? far We year ending Jane SO amounted to 6MMMO tons. The price of wheat in California opened iaJuly, 1876, at Ss.Bd. per bushel of-OOlht^ and varied throughout the year. In May, 1877, it realised 7s. IOdL per Tea and public meetinas in connection wi{h the iaiuv«nary carrion of -the Clayton Church SaadaY?«ehaol we to be held tins even ing,. At th* public meeting the Hon. S. A. Xarlton, MX.G., U to deUvec a lecture entitled -"Westward ho! or, from England to San Francisco.' 1 We have received from Messrs. C. E. Cooke k Co., Port Adelaide, a copy of Fried l&nder;'B « Annual Grain Circular," containing a review trf the Oalifdnuaa market to JTnne 30. W« had, howMrer, before receiving this copy published tte portion possessing the greatest interest to mercantile men. At a meeting of cricketers held at the Portland Hotel, on Tuesday evening, August 38, it was decided to form a Olub, to be called the Port SuburbsarGrieketOlttb. Abootao mem ben were enrolled, and the following officers elected :—Secretary, Mr. A. Martin; Treasurer, Mr. Todd; Committee, Secretary, Treasurer, and Messrs. Godden, Goldsmith, and Pndney. The recent welcome showers of rain appear <s?J? the Waltaxm Time*) to have fatten generally otter the Pmmtnla. At Stansbury the -late grown craps Iron, benefited nmh, and farsrablereports aw reach at from Mtnlaton. At the latter plaoe there wu a steady downpour of rain fat four boots, so heavy that 603 gallons of water were 4anght off the roof of a f oar-roomed house. A correspondent writes:—" There would lave faea? an opportunity for the mtemation tf the Society for t&e; Prevention of Cruelty to Animals if Ihe Secretary had been on the t&n; panyt "Wharf on Wednesday afternoon, to see the way in winea "four poor creatures were crammed into the h&d; of a schooner. Then -was scarcely room for the horses to stand, tad if the vessel encounters any foul wearier me - animals mart be mrinaed." On Wednesday evening, about 6 o'clock, two hones attached .tojiicab belooging to Mr. M. Xeoogfc betted frownHindley^treet They earatreflmadlynptheOi>y-road toKortk Ade laide, and safely piloted themselves through various sU.Uits.nntil they reached. Exomptoa Park, where they were captured. The horses were much exhaustedby43j«r rapid flight, bat otherwise were not tart, The trap was also lucidlynninjated. -. ■ We have been shown, hy Mr. W. Wad ham, some very beautiful photographs taken by Capt. Sweet, at Port St.Yinoeb*. respecting which port we, published an article the other day. The phatomtfrhi f*?*Q. that what was tiianm stated aboM ttecharacterof ihnanenwy, aad of the port TtpiM, was in no way exajge rated. S a 4EOod"jiachdcage and a T«m?«ti« -coacfliae are'wkat mb wanted to. make a piaee go ahead.Port?t.Vincent oughttobeasuooes?. He fo?owmg if Wednesday mormng'a weather report on fiw Adelaide and Port ' Xtarwin telegraph line^-Beltana, deai, fine; Strangways %rings, nne,cJear;Peaks, dear; (%arlotto Water*, clear; Alioe Springs, dear; Barrow Greek, dear, fine; Tennant Creek, clear; Powell Greek, dear, fine; Daly Waters, clear, fine;K«tterine, dear,fine; Pine Creek; <?lm, fine> Tain <*«>ek, light, cloudy, cold; ' SontiipoFt, calm,dear,-fine,sultry; Port Du win, lights clear, warm. ♦fWe flndergtand,? writes the Wallaroo Timtt, of^ngust?, i^shat McAdamh son, who was wcettfly lost ia 4b* bosh between Green's Plaias andKiisVs's PJains, was found brLanee -corpocal Sf^tii at Mr. Trembath'. teas, about five .miles from Kirtpara, on Friday last. It •ppsars thai he hadiost bis way, but shortly before ha wbeceabonta were aaoertained he had ■ picked up tiaa tesdc ?jri" Hie h^ been alto gether Jbar days away from home, bat had •offered no injury, iaud had not wanted for { fooi.". On Friday afternoon, Angost 24, s laige aumberof people wttaessed the laying of the «arner stooeof tiie^tew Port and Teleeraph Station at "f ~"* Tne ceremony was per. Attending tae GortwnfMmi flnnoal.'.nmnparing about a inmdreoV. were present, with their teachers, Hr. and Miss Kewton, and rendered some pieces of nsagsI 've^f creditably. After ■cheers Ind been given for *Hie Queen and Mus SeyaoUkj ttegentiegMn present adjourned to * cold renastjaftec^which fte usual toasts were tonored." Mr. Thos. Henwood, 31^ presided. TheEev.D,*1. Barry, OS.B^ deEvere 1 Kb lecture ?n tte" Life and Pontificate ot ' Pope Pins IX." at Port Pirie on* Monday evening, August 27, to a pretty laige auflieooe bad not i^bb wealner towards, w?^ing beoome fcotftsfcm sna -«reaw?tting. S&« IT. S^. Stoss occupied tits, dair, -and' the rev. lecturer sus tained the interest of his audience for about hours, xhe psoijwwlsiof"ftelnctiiro wexe to be devoted towawb ftieereegdnof a Benedictin ' Monastery and College in Scotland. Darin tiie evening Mr. andHrsTT. A. O'Brien and Mr. T. Anthony rendered with good effect instru- . snental and vsjcal mnsic Ths Jacloon's Bay correspondent of' Jjie Wat GxmZSme* reboxdstiie death by a horrible •oddest Of U? wife of • Polish settler, named "Wiefc4i,atanootfawater. in New Zealand. On -Tune 30 Wietddwaaeutting down a tree, which hehadalieadybeen admonished two or three times to Teuton bccsaise it was dose to bis bouse, when sudgesdr the teas—which was rotten m the mid«e—<eU upon thereof of file cruaboig to des£h Jn its mftfc*n *jf^ un* expected fall the poor woman, who was at the time engaged in household duty, and had her inf?T?t chili jnliffunnii lattei^_howeTer,. was pnmdenaia% saved from tiie horrible death of ho^atn^t. By the steamer Aldinga on Wednesday .seventeen highly-bced abortbora cattle arrived in the coiony, bemg thirteen heifers and four bulls, from fte stud of Me Joel Borwood, of Bidgewater Park, near Sandhurst Victoria. I&ese; eatae, which ate iadjaqm of Mr. Bobert *on, are of the celffcrated Duke of Brunswick and Matilda strains, and are intended for exhi bition at the forthcoming Agricultural Society^ Show, to be afterwards sold by auction by Messrs. Bagot and Parr. As proof of the high bleeding of the animals, the Oolac catalogue for the annual sale of 1676 stated that "five stud heifers by the Duke of Brunswick (25,9371 averaged £1218 each, being, it was believed, a higher average than has ever been obtained in jthe world for heifers the same year by one sire." A well-attended meeting of ratepayers was held at Martin's Hotel, Gladstone, on Tuesday evening, August 28, to consider the report of a Committee which had been ap pointed to enquire into the matter of a Corpo ration for the townships of Gladstone and Doo yoolie, or the annexation of a part of Eoj ysolieto Gladstone. Mr. J. A. Leak presided. The Committee recommended the addition of a part of the Booyoolie District to Yangya, as being more desirable than a Corporation, at least for the present, and several gentlemen spoke in support of the recommendation. There was also some opposition to the proposi tion, and a motion was made in favor of a Cor poration. This was lost, and the recommenda tion of the Committee adopted. A memorial to the Government asking for the annexation of a portion of Booyoolie was adopted, and the idea of having five wards was approved. Ab we have before stated, the Narra coorte Hospital Committee have accepted the tender ot Messrs. Malcolm, Platt, & Campbell for the erection of the hospital at a cost of about £3,000. The JXarraeoorte Htndd says the building is-to be erected on the slope of a hill rising from the east- side of the Penobraoad, thus having the advantage of a healthy situa tion, which is a great desideratum for an hospital;and it will have a frontage of 100 feet long by SO feet broad, containing fonr wards two 35 feet by 19 feet, and the other two 19 feet square—a parlor, consulting-mom, kitchen, and other rooms necessary for the routine of the Establishment Altogether the building will be a handsome edifice; and as to its usefulness, that will be readily admitted on all hands, and when completed and in working order cannot but be a blessing to the immediate and uur wanding'districts." ■We have received a copy of the Direc tors' report, to be presented to the shareholders of the South Australian Coal Company at their annual meeting on Monday next. We make die following extract:— ulu presenting the usual annual report and balance-sheet, your i Directors have much pleasure in ooogcatulatiog yon on the continued prosperity of 4he Com pony, and in recommending the dedaotioaof a dividend of 6d^ and a bonus of Sd. per share, , payable on the 10th inst. The customary 10 per cent, will then have been maintained for the year with the addition of a bonus of 2t per cent- and it will be observed that exclusive of the handsome balance of £3269 Ss. Bd.now standing at credit of profit and loss, the follow ing sums have been written off, vis:—£ss Ss. 7d. from the balk, £«X) bom the Seagull. £200 from the wharf, and £84 Ids. 4d. off the book debts in order to make the last a thoroughly sound and reliable asset." A telegram from Ktunara, in New Zea land, states that the Bank of Mew South Wales was lobbed early on the morning of the Bth August. Two men are supposed to have been engaged in the burglary. A large number of notes (most unsigned) and a bag of gold were takes. Mr. Hogg, the agent, shot a man leav ing the Bank, and the man dropped the gold, and a quantify of Mood on it snows that the nianwa? wounded—probably in the hand. The ball passed through the door and lodged in the jamb. The Star has the following particulars regarding the robbery :—" Hogg aad Brown woe sleeping in the Bank at (be time. Hogg heard a noise and saw a man going out of the Bank door, aad fired a revolver at him, but the nan escaped although he dropped most of the fcooty, between £$000 and £4,000. mostly gold dust Blood was found on the gold bag. Abotr JHOOin notes are missing. The burglar most have secreted himself in the Bank during the ing. He bad been under the bed and got the keys from the agent's clothes during the night, to open the safe. He would have got away with tiie booty but for Hogg's bullet." We have seen at Mr. G. R. Selth's office, Port Adelaide, a colored sketch 3 feet 4 inches long by 2 feet deep, showing the pro posed steam ferry in active work. The spec tator is supposed to be on midstream, a short distance to at northward of the ferry, and con sequently ia a pod tioa to see the steps on each , side of tin river and «m™««ni a good view of the shipping. All the details are splendidly worked out; the vessels in the stream are flying their well-known bouse flags, while on the Birkenbead side of she river the new botd I recently built in the township, and the houses lin its immediate vicinity, are easily recognis i able. The boat is steaming across the river laden with passengers. The sketch of the boat was taken from the little vessel itself, which will be launched in about a week. It is proposed to run die ferry every three minutes at penny fares. This will greatly enhance the value of land in the vicinity of Bridgwater and Birkeahead, as hitherto persons living in these loi?alJtfoe have had either to walk a long dis tance or go to the expense of hiring a water man's boat. The picture will be on view to-day aad to-morrow at Green's Exchange, and subse quently at Port Adelaide. Mf.Selthalaonasa very fine view of the ketch Lurline and the steamer Ceras on the sea near the Semaphore ?et^y. The pictures, which will well repay a visit, are the work of Mr. G. F. Gregory, a son of Mr. Gregory, the marine artist of Mel bourne. "The Chinese camp at BaHarat on Friday night," relates the Star of August 18, "resembled a Vast beehive more than anything else,foritw&B; crowded from dusk until dawn by larrikins, Chinese, and sight-seers—male and female. The annual ceremony of providing food, raiment, and firing for the souls of those Chinese who have died by violence or accident was performed, a priest coming from Donolly to officiate. About £30 was collected to pay expenses, and vu laid oat in firewood, food, and paper patterns of clothing. At dusk a large fire was lit in the open air, and tom toms, kettledrums, aad reed pipes used, | to; produce an ear-splitting chorus. This music, unearthly, though not very spiritual, was' kept np until midnight to attract thfe attention of the spirits for whose benefit th^ good tidmgs were provided. Spirit etiquette seems to be tibessme all the world over, and it fe>not*the tiling1 for even Chinese ghosts tofrraflc before midnight. At that witching hour gia and wine wen spilt upon the earth, and disneswnerein rice, fowls, fruit, vegetables, and podding formed an otta podrida were placed round the fire. When the spirits were supposed to have eaten enough to last them for another twelvemonth, and warmed themselves thoroughly, the paper clothes were burnt anfid many quaint ceremonies. The food,-was wen distributed among the paupers of £he camp, a &aap; of the loathsome lepers from near tie rifle butts, who bad crawled to the ceremony, getting a fowl to themselves." v A contrivance has been patented," states ttie Melbourne Argus, ?by Mr. W. BraAer,oi?oaik6<treetwe?t,forpfeventmga hone running away with a vehicle when he happens to be left onwatched in the street. Mr. Stacker has screwed a brass collar to the nave of the off wheel, and on the collar fitted a hook. When the driver descends from bis seat all lie ias to do is to fasten the reins by means of a connecting strap and ring to the book. Should the horse then start alt with the vehicle the reins would be immediatsly tightened np by the turning of the wheel, and before be coold advance more than two or ihree paces he would have the whole of the pulling to do with bis mouth instead of his body. The reins act on the horse in the same way as if pulled by the.hand, ana the horse would be glad for his own oamfort to stop. The colter is so adjusted to the nave that it iB free to turn independently of the wheel when the latter runs backwards. Consequently, when the hone backs with the vehicle, the light strain that is on the reins is sufficient to prevent the book from following the wheel, and so shortening the reins. Were it not for this precaution, the horse would be pulled back as he went back, and eventually placed in a very awkward predica ment. The apparatus only acts when the animal moves ahead, and it comes into effect the moment be starts. It should be noticed tint the strain put on the horse amounts to much more than the weight of the vehicle, for the weight is multiplied (according to a sunple law in mechanics) by the difference between the diameter of tfae nave aud the diameter of the wheel. A guard projected from the body of the vehicle prevents the reins from rubbing on the rim of the wheel. To save the horse's mouthja stout elastic band is introduced into the middle of the strap, and it eases the pull considerably.'' : Bespecting the political situation in this I colony, we extract the following from an article in tiie Hobart Town Mercury:—" We should be the hut in the world to advocate either branch of the legislatorial tree being lopped off while it possesses sufficient Bap to give to it any de gree of usefulness; and we are ready to confew that so far as that may be attainable the repre sentative of Government in * the Lords' should We a gentleman possessing their confidence, one who could conciliate raiher than estrange their attachment. Eut in the world of politics conciliation seems to be a virtue that exists simply in name. At least so it is in the Australian Colonies, where is displayed a spirit of civy, if not of malig nant hatred, on the part of one public man towards another; and this feeling unfor tunately appears to dominate over national interests even in the most critical junctures. There is an exceedingly ludicrous phase to this position of things, and we frequently wonder bow it happens that men of intelligence— thoroughly educated people—can so fashion their many minds as to see exactly alike an ob ject viewed from different standpoints. But so it Is. Where personal dislike is felt, all manner of excuses are resorted to, but the main object is the extinction of the imaginary foe ; get rid of him quietly if possible; and, if not, by what ever means may be necessary. Mr. Morgan bad not a word to say against the Government of whiefa Sir Henry Avers ia a member; he admitted that «icy held office by the will of the people, and that he had no desire to see them ousted. But hehad no confidence in Ayers, and i Avenmust be got rid of. We have not followed with sufficiently dose attention the political history of the South Australian Knight to enable ns to pronounce judgment upon him; but we know that foe many years pant he has played a prominent part in (be Legislature of our neighbor colony, aad has frequently held the most important portfolios, thus snowing that whatever may have been bis faults they have not been hitherto such aa to disentitle him fromholding positions of high tnut. The Legis lative Council of South Australia has, however, taken a different view of Sir Henry. Hie has been too much of a Cabinet-maker, or, as Mr. Morgan pointed out, too fond of * dropping* his friends when tfae occasion came; and without reference to bis ability as a Minister Mr. Morgan dunks the time has come when Sir Henry should be 'dropped' in return. The majority of the Council woe of the Bame opinion ; and in fact the only member who took abroad view of the situation was the Hon. Mr. Hay. He very pro psiypotnted out that what was the sin of Sir Henry was also the sin of the Ministzy gene rally, and that the bold way would be to say so. We suppose tbst the Council will insist tbat the public interests shall be made subservient ti their own private feelings, and the very prosperous htate of tilings now prevailing across 'the Bofder'-shadowed forth by Mr. Boss in his Budget speech on the same evening that Sir Henry Ayers received from tile Conn ■ cil his notice to quit—will thereby receive a cfeecktbe result of which may prove simply disastrous." ■ It ia said that Mr. Jefferson, of Rip Van Winkle fame, who ia the happy possessor of a fortune of £300,000 and an island of bis own, has determined never to study another part, atad that he purposes shortly to retire from til stage and devote himself exclusively to the art of painting, in which he is, wo are informed, an adept. ' The Sunday-school Union intend to give aa entertainment on behalf of its funds in White's Booms, on Monday evening next. The programme will comprise a lecture by the I Btev. J. Tborae, dissolving views with new slides, and the latter half at the " Flower Queen," by the Model School childreu, which was so favorably received when rendered a short time ago. \ .Nicolai's charming opera, "The merry I wives of Windsor," was repeated at White's Booms on Wednesday evening, in the presence of a fashionable and well pleased audience. This evening, " Die Fledermaus" (the Bat), a ecjmic opera in three acts, will be given for the first time in the colonies. The plot of this opera has been translated and adapted from the French comedy, "Ze BevejUon," by A. Buldon, expressly for Mr. Martin Simonsen. The music is!by Johann Strauss, and is very brilliant and attx?ietive,agreat deal of it beingof the waltzed dance character, for which that composer is famous. We hope to see a crowded house. .The performances at the Theatre Royal oa Wednesday evening were for the benefit of Mt. Dampier. There was a very good atten dance ia the stalls, pit, and gallery, but the boxes were only partially filled. Tfae play selected was a version of Goethe"* "Faust," wfrittau expressly for Mr. Dampier. The cast was as follows:—Mephistopheles, Mr. Dampier; Faust, Mr. H. N. Douglas; Siebel,Mr. 3. A. South; Valentine, Me James H. Bainford; Brander (his comrade), Mb -J. P. West; Haas, Mr. J. J. Welsh; Wagner, Mr. O. Brown; Abslem, Mr.Elliott; Peters. Mr. G. P. Carey; Fnte, Mr. J. Hasker; Marguerite, Mus Bogers; Dame Martbs, Miss Mulville. In this adaptation of Goethe's great poem, the adapter, whoever he is, has followed dosely die plot of the delightful opera of t&e; same name, as it is known to all theatre goers, but he his played aad havoc with the language of the text, same parts of wbiefa one in the bUuikaat of blank verse, whilst otters are in the dreariest of prose. Apart from this, however, the per formance was in itself •failure. Innocbaracter that he has appeared in since he has been in A&elaide; has Mr. Dampier been seen to such dhadvaatage as in Mephistopheles. Setting aside tibe fact that he seemed to forget parts of the text, be was at times too flippant and as others too demonstrative. Since he baa been here Mr. Dampier has shown himself to be an excellent actor, but on tills occasion be was evidently at fault. This, however, may be accounted for in some measure by she fact that tbfe part of Marguerite had to be taken 1 almost at tbe last moment by Miss Rogers. | This lady did ber best, but die was evidently overweighted, and, with tbe rest of tbecharac | tera, showed a want of proper rehearsal which detracted very considerably from tfae suceess^of i the piece. It is to be repeated this evening, when no doubt all will he better up in ttieir parts and consequently -the representation should be more successful. Mr. Daaapasr's-idee of Mephistopheles does not«oineide with ours, but probably when tilings around him work more nnootbly timn they did on Wednesday evening it may appear more meritorious than it I did at a first glance. 