Religious. Lecture by Dr. Somerville. A LECTURE was delivered in the Exhibition Building on Monday evening, by the Rev. Dr. Somerville, the subject being " The Bible for the World." The chair was taken by the Hon. 8\. W. Griffith, M.L.A., and there were alao present on the platform the Right Rev. Dr Hale, and a large number of clergymen of alj denominations, and several members of Parlia ment The building was well Oiled, there being present quite as many persons as on the previous day. Tto proceedings were opened with the •ingiag of a hymn, after which the Rev. Mr. Zillman led the audience in prayer, and the Rev. C. M'Culloch read the following passages t>f Scripture :—2 Timothy L 1 to 5 inclusive, and iii. 14 to 17. The lecture was not argumentative in charac ter, and is divided into different parts : 1. " The Claims of the Bible." 2. "The Inspiration of the Bible." 3. "The Circulation of the Bible." This last may be termed the peroration of the lecture, and we give it verbatim as furnishing a specimen of the rev. leoturer's oratory :— Having received for ourselves the Word of God, let us see that we be alive to our responsibilities to send it forth, and that we give to the world that Book which alone is able to make wise unto salvation through faith wbioh is in Christ Jesus. Immediately before His return to heaven, the Lord Jesus left it as His last com mand, M Go and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you : and, 10, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." When we hold the Bible in our hand, we grasp the volume that contains absolutely all the things whioh Christ has commanded to be observed and to be taught, and when we put the book into the hands of the human race, we are executing effectively, in one most important Bense, the Lord's grand parting commission. Christ's people are set down in a wilderness of vast extent. They are entrusted with the only means by which that wilderness can be reclaimed. Let us, then, arise, and in the name of the Lord take possession. Let us be like those plants that yield winged seedß, which, blown by the wind, fall on the soil and spring up to yield winged •eeds again and again, till all the region teems with specimens of the plant. The Word of God germinates in the individual bosom, and thence diffuses itself abroad, till from heart to heart, from family to family, from city to city, from kingdom to kingdom, from continent to conti nent, from one quarter of the globe to all the rest, the imperishable seed is scattered every where, and the name of the Lord Jesus becomes great in the earth. One of the most thrilling passages in the pages of classic Greece is that in which the detail is given of the transmission to one city of the tidings of the fall of another, with which it was at war. The poet describes the kindling of successive watchfires onwards from Mysian heights, so that from woody Ida to Lemnos in the sea, and thence to the shores skirting the Northern JEge&u;, the intelligence sped through Thessaly to Attic Cithsoron, and thence, by the Baronio Gulf, to green Argelis. He tells us, that, as each blazing pile flamed in the even ing sky, the glad news leaped from hill to isle, from isle to promontory, from cliff to cliff, from tower to mountain steep, till the loud shout that rose in the streets of Argos announced that her people knew their king had been viatoriouß, •nd that great Troy had fallen at last. Would that in the darkness of this world's night we were all awake I The Lord Jesus ex pects that his people shall form a chain of watchers, extending from Jerusalem, the scene of His triumphs, to the very ends of the earth. He would have them kindle their responsive signal fires amid the gloom, till tidings Of that renowned and gloriou* oonquett, Once achieved on Calvary ■hall have reached the savage Ethiop, the Mako lolo, and red Kaffir, on the south ; the Laplan der and the native of frozen Siberia on the north ; till on the west, the glad tidings shall have coursed through the kingdoms of Europe, shall have bounded across the ocean, and swept over the three Americas, from Greenland's icy mountains to the flaming Andes, and thence to Fuegia's inhospitable shore; and till, on the east, the song of liberty shall have burst from the lips of emancipated India, shall have been caught up by the millions of awakening China, shall have been echoed back in strains of grati tude from the isles of the wide Pacific ; and till tiny Norfolk Isle, with its pines and tree-ferns, and vast Australia, with all her gold, consecrate their service to the Lord. I commenced this lecture by comparing the Bible to a tower. Let me conclude with ano ther analogy. The Bible may be compared to a magnificent edifice that took sixteen centuries to rear. Its architect and builder is God. Like the beautiful world, the work of the same author, it bears upon it everywhere the impress of a hand Divine. This majestic temple contains sixty-six chambers, capacious, yet in size unequal—the sixty-six books of the Old and New Testaments. Each of its 31,173 verses is a stone, a beam, a panel of the building, which is a temple more glorious far than those of Solomon and of Zerub babel, with their hewn stones from Lebanon, their pillars of cedar, their doors of olive, their floors, walls, and ceiling overlaid with the fine gold of Parvaim, their holy places, their courts, their porticoes, and gates. No portion of this wonderful structure will the Lord suffer to be mutilated or defiled. Within the sacred enclosure dwells the whole family of God on earth. The Bible is the home of the redeemed below. When the Lord Jesus was departing from this world, he said —" In ray Father's house are many mansions ; if it were not so I would have told you. Igo to prepare a place for you." That home is the temple in heaven above, whence the entrant shall go no more out, and where Christ's friendß abide as priests to God for evermore. But the Bible is the house of many mansions prepared for Jesus' disciples on earth. Here they have their residence ; here they are fed; here they are strengthened, comforted, and blessed ; here they are nurtured for immortality. The Bible is not merely the dwelling-place of God's people ; it is the chosen abode of God himself. Would you have fellowship with the Father ? You will be sure to find him within the precincts of this holy house. Shall we take advantage of the King's per mission, and step inside ? We approach by the beautiful garden of Eden, with its innocent flowers, its groves and lucid Btreams. The first part of the building, that of highest antiquity, bears the name of the Chambers of Law and Justice. These are five in number—the Books of Moses. One of these is a sort of vestibule to the others, and resembles a long gallery, hung with portraits and pictorial scenes of surpassing interest, mementoes of persons and events that had taken place before a Btone of the. building was laid—such figures as those of Abel, Enoch, Noah, Abraham, Hagar, Sarah, Jacob, Esau, and Joseph; and such scenes as Paradise and the Flood, the departure from Ur of the Chaldees, the tent-door at Mamre, the flaming cities of the Plain, the offering of Isaac, Rebecca at the Well, the Ladder at Bethel, and the Governor of Egypt weeping on the neck of his brethren. Thence we pass through an extensive range of imposing apartments—the Chambers of Historic Record. These comprise the library of the edi fice, and in them are laid up the Church's archives for more than a thousand years. These rooms are twelve in number, and stretch from " Joshua to Esther." Then we come to a wide space called the Gymnasium of the building, or the saints' exercising ground—the Book of Job. Entering right off thiß, we find ourselves in the Music Gallery of the Psalms, the orchestra of the house, where dwell all the sons and daughters of song, with cymbal, trumpet, psaltery, and harp. Issuing thence, we pass at once into the Chamber of Commerce—the Book of Proverbs ; not far from which is the sombre penitentiary, where sorrowful bankrupts and other defaulters may remain for a time with profit— the Book of Ecclesiaates. A little further on we open into a tiny parlor in the midst of larger rooms, the Chamber of Sympathy with Mourners — the Book of Lamentations. Interspersed among all these, the eye is regaled with such delightful conservatories of flowers as the Books of Ruth and of the Song of Solomon. And next we come to a noble suite of lofty apartments, some of which are of great capacity, and are laid out with extraordinary splendor. They are seventeen in number. These are the Halls of Ancient Prophecy, which follow in grand suc cession from " Isaiah to Malaohi." Thence we pass to the portion of the edifice of more modern construction, and enter four spacious chambers of peculiar beauty. These are of marble fairer than e'er was taken from the quarries of Paras, Pentelicuß, or Carrara—cham bers of wbioh one does not know whether to admire more the simplicity or the exquisite finish. At once the walls arrest us. On them we see, not golden reliefs of palm-trees, lilies, pomegranates, and cherubim, but four full length portraits of the Lord of the building Himself, drawn by the Holy Spirit's inimitable hand. These are the Books of the Four Evan gelists. Stepping onwards, our ears are saluted by the loud sound of machinery in motion, and entering a long apartment, we find ourselves face to face with wheels and shafts, and cranks and pinions, whose motive power is above and out of Bight, and which will bring on changes all the world over. This is the chamber of Celestial Mechanics, the great workroom of the building —the Book of Acts. Leaving it, we are con ducted into the stately halls of the Apostolic Epistles, no fewer than twenty-one in range. The golden doors of fourteen of these are in soribed with the honored name of the Apostle to the Gentiles ; those of the seven others with the names of James and Peter and John and Jude. Within these halls the choicest treasures of the Lord are stored. And last of all, we arrive at that mysteriouß gallery whose brilliant lights and dark shadows so curiously intermingle, and where in sublime emblems the history of the Church of Jesus is unveiled till the bridegroom come—the grand Apocalypse. And now we have reached the utmost ex tremity of the building. Let us step out on the projecting balcony, and look abroad. Yonder, beneath us, is a fair meadow, through which the pure river of the Water of Life is winding its way, on either side of which stands the Tree of Life, with its twelve manner of fruits, and its beautiful leaves for the healing of the nations ; and in the distance, high on the summit of the everlasting hills, the City all of Gold, bathed in light and quivering with glory—the new Jerusa lem, its wallß of Jasper, its foundation of precious stones, its angel-guarded gates of pearl— the city that needs no sun, no moon, " for the glory of the Lord doth lighten it, and the Lamb is the light thereof." Oh, let us make this beloved house our home ! Let us make haste with our little children in either hand, and with all our kindred at our back, to enter ita portaL But of one thing make sure. See that you ask and obtain the Great Interpreter, that August and Loving One who waits at the gate Himself to lead you in and take you all over the building. Say to Him, whose name is the Comforter, the Spirit of Truth, reverently and with faith, " Lord, open Thou mine eyes, that I may behold wondrous things out of Thy law." And oh, let it be yours also to seek that the millions of India, China, and Japan, of dark Africa, all America, and the isles of the distant sea, parents and little children alike, may enjoy the advantages that you possess ; that they may have their home with you in this house of many mansions provided for the faint and weary here, till they have a place with you hereafter in the Father's house above, where now our great Lord Jesus is, and from whence He ia this evening, in love, looking down on ua. Amen. A vote of thanks to the chairman, which was suitably responded to, terminated the pro ceedings. 