TALES & SKETCHES ;fS)ERTON'S ANGLER Story of aHoliday in Tasmania. . . ■ A Novelette. ' . .'Vi' : -Wbittfn Expressly roa " Tins Week," :• r-. BY V *. ■ wi: >yf. SENIOR ("Red Spinner"), Author of " Waterside Sketches," "Notable 8kli> • ; • • mocks," &c-;, &c;, . . CHAPTER X. • : LESSONS IN ANOLXKOV "■ ' ' It will bo only honest to tho reader who does \- not understand,-.'or feel an interest in, angling ' talk or- angling^ deeds,- to warn him, or—it. ' Lwould perhaps bo moro' apposito to say—her,. • " that tho present will bo, so to speak, a fishy ^ chapter.' In puTSuanco of our original plan v..'this is to: ho the record of an 'angler's holiday, : j and'it will theroforo be necessary, now and • 'then; to break away from ordinary topics, and ' do justico to the fish and fishing of Tasmania. Wholesoinobafc nauseous medicines are some1 \- times taken ih a coating of sugar; and useful •v..; informationmay sometimes bo conveyed in '1 disguise. ' Now, on this question of angling it will bo impossible to please everyone; but that . original plan just referred to must bo sternly . carried out. In brief, the reader to whom this warning (has been given, may find it con \ venient to,"skip" this chapter, and will bo ; heartly forgiven for so doing. But to return. 1 • -What with halting at Sydnoy, and delays, at Melbourne, at which ho had on the whole impatiently fretted, and idling at Hobart Town, which had sat moro lightly upon *• his heart; Mr. Andorton, left to " his re . flections .on tho coach top, arrived at tho . ^conclusion, which has doubtless already sug ' gested. itself to many readers, that, since • : angling had been from tho outset put forward ' as so prominent an object of tho expedition, it :was high time that something in'the shape of "bindjide angling should now be undertaken, s ' "We will try the Huon," he said, as the \- coach pelted down tho last hill, and bowled ; ' along the sandy level, at the end of which in * .welcome cosiness appeared the handful of houses composing the little village, of Victoria, • and tho snug hostelry well known, to picnic particB and absentees from the city beyond tho .mountain, patronised for many a year by newly : 4 : married couples from the southern end of the 'island, and appreciated by tourists bent upon exploring the hamlets, islets, heights, timber .-.resources, saw-mills, -ship-building yards, arid jam manufactories of the—by comparison with the normal sleepiness of most of the other parts of Tasmania—busy Huon district. i;: Said Air. Nenl before the terminal was •reached, u Do you know, I have been wonder-, -ing how some of the lordly members of our. .West End coaching clubs would get over such;, a journoy as wo have had this morning ? The •four-in-bund show, on the opening day of the •season is very bravo in Hyde Park, I admit, and 'tho -liveries of tho two dapper grooms, ready! to'hop down- from the rear and rush to the- leaders* • heads at any moment/ aro eminently fashionables at Lords': or Ascot. •But I can-hardly fancy the highly mettled hays with black points galloping down this Huon Road, - with its declivities and sharp bends, until they heel over like steeds coursing -round the ring of a circus." :■ •u. Oh! it's nothing when you are used to it," Mr. Andcrton replied. But Alr.Anderton was at tho moment thinking of his own'concerns rather than of his friend's observations, though: for that matter, his reply was not inapt, coming" as it did from a man used to tho' coachmanship, ; of. Cobb and Co.'s mnsterlv Australian whips. : Tho truth, howover, was that ho was occupied in . looking throughhis fly- book,andhavingglanced wisely to tho sky and studied tbb wind,'was selecting a few flics wherewith to manufacture • a likely cast. s ;.-."You'll • como . with mo : old .man : ho enquirod... " Not this 'afternoon/1 think," tho other said. ' " Ifccl moro moved to seek somo'woodi land shado, and finish tho * Pilgnm arid tho "■Shrine.'^' • v'' , You shall do nothing, of. the. sort,"-his friend rejoined. " To- day'youcommcnco your . ^ pupflship Jo mo, most gentlo Piscator, and 1 for '•biumooning.under, hedgerows or shubheries. But then," ho added with a twinkle of tbo loft pye, *1 Miss Talbot was a friend in nocd, and indeed, was eho not?"- r. :■ "Well,yes, sho was; Perhaps I ought not : to say so, -but I- don't mind whispering confi : dentially-tbat I was onco very mucn struck . vvith a remark of Thackoray's." • -rVWhafc did tho cynio say ?" • . Ho said n man was suro to quarrel with a woman if ho was much at home." • r "Heaven defend us fromtbeso treacherous" married men!" exclaimed Andortori, with ad . mirably simulated horror. " But thero is tho cud of.our journoy; heroJ8 a" twolvo-foot fly rod, that last did sorvico ori Dartmoor; and hero's a hand, my trusty friend, "ablo arid wil heg to wield it." . . . ' . ",Tho man who putteth ou harness should • boosting to him who hiketH it off,V Noal-, . answered." AVait till you saunter homo in the gloaming;beforo you sound tho1 timbrel. Ah!. i onder is tho Huon,.-liko Msor, rolling * rapiaiy/"". *'■■■ ' " 1 6 i'V.Prophetio soul !*'said Andortonv" ••••• " " Few fish shall part wlicro many moot; This creel cootaius thoir winding shoot. Both trout and mullot, eating sweet. Shall find a worthy Sepulchro," "Be morcifol," Hp. Neat laughingly answered. " If you. are to "bo Piscator, out of respect to the immortal Izaak, I pray you, in tho words of another eminent personage, -1 he have as sich/" . The angler, like all sportsmen, in the heyday of his enthusiasm, regards hiB sport for the time being aa tho be-all of his existence. To tho mero. looker- on who, not sympathising :With, does not understand him, he is a sort of amiable lunatic, or at the lowest computation, a person going about the world with a bee in his bonnet. Later in life ho will proceed more lesiurely, having learnt to temper his zeal with philosophy. He will then he rfiore careful not :to tempt tho inconveniences of wet.clothes and damp feet, and will always find timo to eat and drink at proper times. Anderton had not gra duated for enough, to rank with the latter, and could scarcely'spare ten minutes for dinner or luncheon. "We may as well start Tupon a fair-under standing," remarked Mr. Neal, sitting at tho table, and waiting for tho willing but not too smart littlo Abigail to bring in tho cheese and salad, .whilo Anderton had pushed hade his chair, and was.preparing his tackle. " Let us do things decently and in order. . I humbly submit that in fourteen minutes by the clock no rightminded man can do justice—in a vil lage tavorn^to three courses. • . ^ Anderton replied, " I sit corrected, my pupil, and apologise for my selfishness.' I fear me it is a. way we have in our order, and I henceforth empower you to pull me up when tripping.". ." Say no more, venerable. master; pall yon up X assuredly will, and that .with a round turn too, as.often as necessary," : - ' • • And Mr. Neal] .had the courage of his opinions, for he ate his cheese to tho laBt crumb, and drained his alo^to the last drop before he roso from: the table, and even then leisurely picked his teeth in front of a wonderful picture of Abraham, the Old Testament Sheik, who, with a terrific knifo hotweenhis teeth—butcher wise — appeared hoisting ?a lanky sprawling youth, supposed to bo his son Isaac, upon a sacrificial pilo, which bore a close resemblance to a chest of drawers, as that useful article of iufnituro wouldoppear from behind. Then the master and pupil took boat and departed up stream. The Huon is & noble river at this portion of its career, being broad, deep, and dark, now that it nears the ocean tide* Its cultivated banks lend it a testimonial of staidness Mid importance, andit generally com ports itself as if conscious of thobusinesspurposes to which, from the bridge downwards, it is applied. * • . ~ " * v.,Tho boatman, questioned ."by Anderton, -was profuso in his promises of sport at tho Rapids. " Trout? Oh! yes, plenty of trout; in fact all sort's'of fish," " This looks well," said_Mr.Neal. ' Ah," rrepliedVhis ; Mentor," rbceiYO.'o preliminary' item of instruction' the advice never to believe'a boatman', or a keeper, until you know him, or,~rather, 'until he knows you. It is his business—so,, in his short sightcdness,; ho conceives—to.lay on colour." ' Tho Huon hoatman evidently by nature in herited the traditions of his calling. Here, on tho confines of.the Antarctic circle, was a youth,' colonial born and bred,. following tho manners and customs of the Thames fishorman, never reflecting that out of his own mouth he would ho,'sooner or later, condemned. . Quietly' cross-examined by Anderton, he was forced to stato that,' of his own knowledge, he could afford no data whatever as to the chances of sport in the Huon. Trout ? "Well, ko bad heard that somebody had said that somebody had been told that somebody else had caught one.. That was the sum total, at lost, of his ■- After a longpull, and a strong'pull, against a heavy stream^ swollen, it soon became apparent, to a deep porter colour, and,'worst of all for the angler, still swelling, the "Rapids," as they aro grandiloquently termed, .were pointed out ahead. There aro an islet and surrounding shadows in the middle, and the extra ripples, with a fall of a few inches, arp the " RapidB," to which all visitors aro taken. Very pretty, doubtless, the Huon scenery is at this point; and as motion is life, and life is generally welcome,' these littlo jails are not permitted to be lightly considered.^ lie prac tised oyo of Anderton, however,/at onco saw that angling,' under tho circumstances, would ho a simple waste of timo, and a rctreat was ordorod. • J Gliding smftly with tho current back to wards tho >*illago, Mr. Ncml sat in tho bows on tho look out for snugs, and Anderton, casting right, and left, .iiriprovod tho occasion by'im parting to his friend a scries of learned in structions .in tho. art of throwing a fly. The boatman by andjby ccntrvied to remember that thero was a mountain stream near Victoria, and that this was always, in fishablo condition. At its mouth tho young men were accordingly landed in the cool evening, and tho little tributary, -truly, was in excellont order, neithor too high nor. too low, neithortoo bright nor too coloured. ." : Of it, and indeed of all the Tasmanian mountain streams, it may be said it was the very pioture of a trout river. "Without delay Anderton devoted himsolf to a conscientious attack upon it/delightod that his fly rod had not lost its supple temper, nor his own hand its cunning.- Amidst so much, however, that was favourable, thoro was ono drawback of a some what serious nature; not a fish was to be seen; and Andorton, who had carefully looked for 'tho.tokons which an experienced anglor oxpoots, and Ncal, who had peered into evory deep and shallow, agreed that never a siira of trout life had -boon manifest. So much." they told each other; sitting upon tho fence of a verdant hop fioldj to which thov had.worked thoir way. ' "FowfiBli shall part whoro many meet— How ran the measuro/Andorton?" Noal onquirod. " Anothor palpable hit," said he, " and after all wo shall saunter homo in the gloaming with an empty creel, but, mark you, neither dis pirited nor disappointed. Know further, that angling is one of tho most precarious of all amusements. In the stubble or coppico, in tho feus or on the moors, there are certain fixed lav? a upon which to base reasonable anticipa tions. In angling the fixed laws are few, and you are to a great extent working in tho dark. You can speak with tolerable certainty of the haunts and habits of feathered and four-footed game; offish wo know comparatively little." " I am sorry to interrupt your s practical, lecture, but to descend for a moment from generalities to particulars, do you suppose there are any trout in this stream?" "If, as the boatman said, trout wero put into tho water, I dare Bay there are. I have seen streams at home, like this to-day, in which you could scarcely believe it possible a fish could bo, so absent was all appearance of finny life. Yet, in an hour, the water would be alive with trout, suddenly hurrying from their hiding places under bank or stope, in obedience to some powerful, but to us mysterious law.". " Well, well; I have taken some lessons to day," said Neal, as they walked back to their I inn; u and not the least is the lesson' that tho I gentle art involves tho virtue of patience/' ! -"I find thee apt, most amiable learner, and if thou hast verily learnt so much, our blank day op the Hnon has not been mis-spent. .See the lights' of our hotel glimmer afar through the gorze, like glow-worms, undone could almost fancy that, the odours of tho kitchen have heon wafted down tho road to hasten our foot steps." - ' " So, 60; but how did you say ran the mca i sure, Anderton?" asked Neal, Blyly. ■'How?''responded Andcrlon. "Thus:— •• • lio fish Bball port where none 'o'er meet, XTnuBed remains tho winding sheet; But trout and mullet would bo sweet To tbeei 0 scoffing epicure.'" " You gave mo wholesome advice just now. Toko counsel in exchange. Don't perpetrate parody or pun;: tho pastime is cheap and easy, hut it is not respectable—for a Win chester boy." • : ; • " " My dear Neal, don'tho a prig; elso you'll spoil my appetito for that superb dish, of chops smoking hot on our table." 4 "With which ended tho first lessons. > Both of our friends were up before the sun, and Anderton toldhia companion ho was pleased to observe the ready response he had'paid to - The breezy call of incense-breathing moriL Pleasantly discoursing as educated men with light hearts,;;good" constitutions, and well* stored minds love to do, they wended their way once more to the banks of the mountain stream, and took their stand near the hop- field fence from which Anderton had delivered his lecture on the previous evening. A soft wind blew across the' river. - Anderton searched his book for a brown fiy, and Neal, to whom the rod had been entrusted, tried a cast to wile away tho timo- It had seemed the simplest thing possible when Andorton, apparently without an effort, swept the limber rod over bis right shoulder, describing a horse-shoe curve, and then," bringing it forward with a graceful movement,. had delivered the fiies straight and light upon the water. The result of Mr. Neat's attempt was tho unseemly splashing of a curiously entangled mass of flies, cast, and line into the stream. ' "Tryagain," saidAnderton, "and take it cooly; let the rod and the wind do the business for you" . Trying again tho learner succeeded in send ing the flics, a little clumsily as you may expect, but without mishap or hindrance, into space, the dropper pitching upon a log, and rolling quietly thence into the sharp stream escaping from its butt.; . ""What is this?" Neal asked; "I fastened to a log.": . ' "Give him line. It is a trout!" shouted Anderton. " Keep'up the point of your rod. Winch in. Let him go. Bring him away from the stump," &e.;, &c.; . . • Some readers, at least,-of this story will understand the history of this trifling incidont, and will be rej oiced to know that Mr. Neal, keep ing himself tolerably cool, eventually brought, his prize to the landing net, and had the felicity of gazing upon a beautifully speckled, bona Jidcy. bro.vn trout, gasping and straggling among the grass. Anderton used afterwords to say it was an open question whether it was the captor or tho captured that seemed most astonished at what Imd happenod. From that moment Mi. Neal was an ardent angler. . Tho accident of a favourable breeze and convenient log had given the tyro an advantage which could not have been surpassed by tho most masterly skill. Had tho fly first touched wuter, tho inevitable splash of a roughly thrown lino would have scored away every fish, in tho neighbourhood. Kindly fortune, howovor, bore it to tho log, at the end of which master trout was poising his comely form, keeping a sharp look out for odds and ends of provonder floating down, to bo drawn, as it know right well thoy must bo, into the very centre of the stream in which it had taken up position. Tho artifioial Coachman fiy, sliding gently off tho log, was as liko as life to what must have occurred if a moth or beetle, treating itsolf to on early ramble, bad rested for a few moments upon the partially sub merged treo trunk, accidentally missed its footing, and beou hurried to a watery grave. His troutship, whose hungry eye had beheld the situation of affairs, had no doubt metaphori cally put his finger to tho sido of hiB nose, and, at the proper moment, pounced like lightning upon tho drowning insect from round the corner. It was a bitter deception, of conrse, and tho trout had speedy reason to feel that tho deception, like a bashfully told falsehood, stuck in his throat. So far nsMr.Nool was concerned, tho triumph as wo have scon was purely accidental. Many of the crises which influenco our lives aro of that category. From that moment Sir. Neal was one of the most ardent of anglers. For the rest of his days ho blessed tho memory of that one pound trout; it introduced him to a hew sensation ; it kindled a flame which no amount ot subsequent failure could dim; it inspired him with ambition; it gave him some thing to live for. This, however, in the familiar phraseology of the novels of our youth; is . to anticipate. Tho excitement of the playing, and landing of the trout having moderated, the successful man nndcrwent tho usnal reaction, becoming tremulons and pale. No angler is .worthy of , tlw namo who has not passed through this delicious experience. It does not recur often, and even if you are a Bishop or a Premier * you need not be ashamed to discover that thero is so mnch child's heart left within the man. To Mr. Anderton the unexpected incident was full of rich promise, though he was too experienced not to. know that these triumphant • beginnings are often as delusive as—let us say—a Ministerial promise. Nevertheless ho whipped every available inch of tho water, and whipped it artistically; but alas! without a ghost of success. Neal refreshed himself every ten minutes by opening the basket to admire the captured trout, pluming himself meanwhile upon the circumstance that he, the novice, hod achieved what Anderton, the veteran, the master, could not, by virtue of all his art, ac complish. Not to weary tho non-angling reader (whose feelings we have been so tenderly considering) with farther amplification of this small episode, it may be at once stated that no other trout was token to keep the solitary inhabitant of tho creek in countenance. It lay upon the couch of bracken, lovingly prepared by its fell destroyer, and remained alone to depart the world in as mnch peace of mind as the memory of its cannibalism and natural ferocity would allow it. " It is very strange that there is—that you cannot find another fish," Neal said. " No, it is not strange," Anderton answered, "the stream is very poorly stocked in^this locality, any fish there may be having, follow ing tho bent of their instinct, worked their way up into the mountain tumbles and eddies. This was probably a fellow who took lodgings under that log and held to them after his friends had migrated. I am right glad however, that it foil to your share. Always bear in mind that the true angler enjoys the lack of another . as much as his own. Be not, nevertheless, puffed up, nor build upon so slight a founds- . tion a castle that will melt in air. You may make numerous essays before you repeat your good fortune." " "What you mean, I presume, is, that the race is not always to .the swift "Thatis what I do mean. < A. cowboy with whipcord and crooked pin often distances the expert furnished with'the most costly land delicate appliances. Hold! Ho you see: that shelving shallow of golden sand at the ter mination'of yonder swirljof sparkling water ?' "Ido; and I see a fish—two in .point of fact." ■ • . • •- :• - • " There aro three. Keep behind that tea tree. These most bo;the long-looked- for cucumber mullet or freshwater herring.".. Mr. Anderton tried his best to secure. one of the unsuspecting trio.. He knelt down in tho grass out of sights and proceeded warily, knowing that with the sun now high in the heavens, and water clear as crystal, the utmost caution was necessary. -He changed his flies, purchased in Hobart Town, for a cast of super lative composition. -'The cucumber mullet/' he said, I hava long suspected to be a grayling, and this cast was made for me by a water bailiff on the Wharfe in Yorkshire. You will observe it is of horsehair, tapering down from four twisted strands to a single hair." " Why horsehair?" "The spring is more elastic than with gut. These are Yorkshire grayling flies moreover, small and light as a mosquito." From his concealment, Neal watched the tiny lures falTimperceptibly upon the stream, a yard above the shallow upon which the trio of fish disported. The largest of the three turned at the fly as it floated past, but thought better of it, and returned to its position. : ; : " All right," said Anderton, "We shall he one too many for him next time." .. Ah interval of Ave minutes was allowed to pass without further attempt. .. At the expira tion of that period forth went the cast, un erring as before. The angler's prediction was verified. A circlo in the wator, and, simultane ously, a quick but light turn of the wrist: was enough; two'silvery.fish were struggling to escape the tiny hooks. Up into the deep eddy, across towards tho fallen tres, here there, and everywhere they ran, until exhausted, they turned over on their ride, and sur rendered at discretion. They had, in their ignorance of the maxim that union is strength,' materially assisted towards each others destruc tion. The consummate skill displayed by the angler had enlisted the spectator's wrapt at tention. Precept was now illustrated by examplo; and Mr. Neal added to his other lessons this—that in angling, as in many affairs where men and women are concerned, it is best to give your quarry plenty of lino, nevor, however, permitting it to become slack,' but allowing your enemies or victims to com pass their own defeat. \\. "Be careful with the landingnefc," Anderton warned Neal, who was officiating with .that necessary implement. The warning came too late. Perhaps it was scarcely fair to expect a totally inexperienced assistant to begin at once by overcoming the ; very difficult operation of landing two fish on the same tine in a sharply running stream*: Good anglers oftener fail than succeed in this dilemma, and Mr. Neal's well- meant exertions onded in his striking one of tho fish from its: hold, albeit he managed to secure the other.: "You should hare nfetted tho bottom fish. first," Anderton told him; " and for the future' rink your net under tho fish, and do not thrust at him with it." "Thanks; I won't forget," meekly an swered the pupil. " It is as I supposed," Anderton announced after duly examining the prev: "a grayling, to all intents and purposes. It smells lie \- encumber; its back, tail, and fins are purplish " in hue: there are the bronze tmts and gold " lace underneath, but the eyo is less lozenge shaped, and the general form is Iras elegant thanthat 'of our old friendSalmo Thymallut, which, on the continent of Europe, from whose waters the fish was originally imported into \- TWlish streams, used to be called mi itmile chevalier" , ., • Thus ended tho second lessons; ana, 011 tlie whole, Tvell pleased with their very moderate * sport, the young men -walked back to breakfast, and to tho return coach. Tho scenery during the first half of the homeward journev is the least interesting, and Anderton found in hlr. Real an attentive audience to his reminiscences ..Real an attentive auaience u> mo ruuu»wim.-w of days amongst the Grayling, on Teme, Lugg, "Wharfe, Itchen, and Test in the old country. 