THE NOVELIST; THE LASTOF HISTRIBE; OR, THE GHOST OF THE GRANGE. A TRUE NARRATIVE OF HAMILTON. '(r. s 'ATRmaOes.) 'i There are more things In heaven and 'arth, Horatio, T..Than are dreamt of in your philosophly." -°- -.' HAKPEA - Re. CHAPTEn JX. E "His slgh'wiai a huiinballoo, His whisper a horrible yell.!' \--DAD BALLADS.,- ..The ,skynwasv ani'nky black;,.and silience was lirokeri only b.theo tlsklili note of Chanticleer?,minglhng " ;ltli the' lonely whistle of the distant curlew, and. the dismal, howl of'th~i m~i grel c anine,:'as 'I' sauntered homewards;, having doubled the Conimercial'cornor. about midnight, my business avoca. tions necessitating late, or rather early,' hours on that especial occaeion. ,,Whilst to myself 'the sessions of I sweet silent thought' were opeled,'thu ( ' man in black' was planced .on his trial, and my imaginatvive fancy was cross examining the accused in re the matter. r .:,The fanciful jury were on the 'point of I bringing forth their 'verdict, -when 1 1 suddenly stopped to .notice.: that I.was I approaching the Blackened Waters I which once encased those mystical t bones. I peered, in the dircetion of I the fated spot, and behoeld a figure ( .standing .on. the bank,.ofi't e':creek, -,gazing 'intently on thob turbide. water t below. .I) ourbed my stride, and the I Sspidetre 'turnd' towards' ,:rue' 'for- i moment; then began to dapiroslh ime i with a familiar step.: First I detedied a manr which ?appeoasd my supor. stitipri ;.ee?isodly, I: saw lse. ~was inp black, which made me curious'; ...hlrdly, when within ten yards olme, be turned and shrank from me, whluh I made me euspioious; fourthly, I saw i he was veiled, and I recognised the .,!man. in black;' and,lastly, I remem . beredieiny sworn vow, and dalied .off . after the renegade at furious and-top. .?:.ioint saseed. - Over the: liill, through a cutting, along the street, uip a Ineio- the fleeter I sped, the faster he ran- until ultimately something .fell: from the affrighted renegadle and moroelfsl God I 1 saw a ghastly puleo" fce.': I .piioked the object up, and it' provedl a black.veil. There could be no isetalke :"'.'then that the man was the murderer of 'whom I ' was in sworn, quest.' S..'_Wicked dreams had abused his curtained sleep,', and a weight of reproaoh had evidently sent him hither to wander at the deadly hour of night. He was gone, and I dropped exhausted. When recovering, 1 began to doubt the nature of the apparillon. \- It spoke not a word during the whole chase I Why should it he frightened of me t I could run fast; but the apparition flow I Yes, I thought that a ghostly something lurked in the vicinity of the old ford; and, after all, \- the yarns might be true about spirits I ? ly final conclusion was that it must he the ghost of- the departed spirit'whioh once owned the secreted bones in my possession, and that my steps were haunted racoordingly. I was truly miserable, and thretoened with 'n-, pleasantness from all sides. By dies closing my secret the world on one side would repronoh me for unaceoount .ably possessing those remains; possibly I may be hung (certainly tried) for the murder of GOudio, so I must keep silent. By my silence - innooent though I be--my stops are to be bhaunted with this ghostly pale face. What could I do ? I thought of it, and over it. They say ghosts cnnuot harm one. Suppose I visit the ford to.marrow night, and endeavor by the frieolly flog of truce to Interview this spirit for its counsel in the matter. Yes, I'll do so. So determining 1 betook myself homeward banking in momentary tranquillity. At the sane tinme I longed more and more to speak to Sandy 'Hamilton, feeoling - that he might at least find out for me who drowned my puppiee. . 'The'neit mornling Sandy, who had returtied,'came rouid, as fortune had granted, to beg 'old bread, old clothes, or old meat.' I tout him. into my private' rcces,', .and ' examined' him i mlutelyregarding .the puppies; but nothing whatever did he know of the circumstance. ;I notlced,lhowever, thnt mentioning of the matter engendered a desperiate hatred ill his .bosom against Mrs,' Toen, wIVho, he' said," had spread the ' big one' lie.' Before, I, could ix iminii hinim.furteher-e rushsd outi if (he room, avoswing the old witch would 'lie no more I`.' I , I 1 Foiled ngin in my evidence. What could Idol 'Well, I .contenied myself with the resolution toseek the confereice that'night with the su3pposod spirit, dnd If .this failed nme, I would give the b!nrss tolBe pblicelet 'the world say what it might. - ,,Preparatory, however, to my midnight conforoloc I. resolved to buve an inter. View with Slick" the Witch, hoping that ihe by her avocation might throw some light on the horrible past or the mysti cal fiuture."' ' -," SI' sougit "'the cabin, produced myn hlttle 'for'jntrance, aiid.:was shown a 'froint seat.'- . . S',PDearnie,' said-, Sickey,' 'lyo;above all others, to have your fortune reed 11'l" ^ She took a' pull' at the bottle, darid pioducedlia' full pnack of cards, with a1a request that I shuffle well and cut three timnes_., ' ! ; 'jv'i' r a ';You -have a ded-secret. on,,your minid,', she read, upon examining somes significant block cards ;' prtieserve' it or you will breathe your last when you YOU-Wll 1alwho yo divulge.' c II-... I 'I have preserved it,' I answeroed, half timidly ;' bu't niiypirth and dreami In cotiseqocnce are haunted by hideous epeotres and evil spirits.' i "''Ti false, sir; for beyond the foir. mentoted lqiora we drink, no-spirit will r ormetyou this'silo'of ttiS e riavo.' .TikA hliobdl,' added the witoli; 'lest. some earthly person be fooling thoe. 'lico.' -' . 't I shall see a, spirit to:nigbt; or eonmimt murder,1'1 'answered, 'placjing my lianidto.my.lieart,signlflcently And diletamlariedly' 'I'hlnvo a 'straogo preo sentiment. More to-morrow. Good aftoanooon,;Mse.' on'e.'.'i±';j :'i' I.slT C.; Ii n''auPTERI X. - Thou eom'it insulch a qucetionalloa uhpe, ..that I will speak to thoo."-AtIMaicr4" "''Twns lmilniglit, and thie rumbling thunder of tho 'distanco 'foretold a coining, 'o'tr.rin'-A.',Y t ominous-look Inp, ilack cloud, rolledl over tho heavenly canoo'py, and the wind whrlistled In thllei distnnco.,, No, wywa Itlieb-'bowitcbing lour.;- "Ii I'stoppod 4fori'Ft.'froin 'thu Victoria 'Hotel, wlen.; liad watched the clock, nind.ouglit: tili hiauntedI locality of the nBlack Wiaters. Save the diselnt hum of tho wind and tliinddr,',all wase.dcadly silent. Ap-' piroaching tlie foot.bi'lIdgo on breantlilesse tip-toe, I,8awva,; falnt-,liglht open nnd shut nbout''diaozen 'paces infront of meo. .1 was d(toriwiunod; and nothliiig could'now n'ppil mo.' I felt thlatith iotment had come, ncd I cooked tltho iijgi'of ono of Colt's best rovolver': But tlhough; doternilrintlou stood imo lii i'goddjneod, 'Jmy.L norves filleod mo and I shook like a striyinog fonthlei'.ý' Everin my lifoe, hial I.,dliscrdedl tlhe belief of Sihosts,and now I was on :t'ol point of disproving all modern intilli gonce,vleirning; and oven civilization.. flookodann could see niothing, andI was alrocidj'doubtful of'my dyes wlheon tlho nameolurildspPctaoloinet my gnzs. Ithen appealed to, my-enr, and Ihaurd lth most unearthly sounds oil thile foot bridgeo in firont of me like the faint ti'ead of a shoelees person. Buoy'Ied ip bty tle lust remaining ounco,'of cocrago, I jsmpedforward, ' death.or glory,' Iitolivo tllhoe'mstlcal riddleo; I was on''tli h bridgo, ntd , saw nothling. I .wnai dscuchding tlihe'stops on tlhe oppdsito sBide, svlen'"niy 'lind touolhell eomeilhig dentlily'cold. I slludde'red all over,andi felt momentarily, pamn lysod. Looilng'beldov"me, on ;tIle bottomnstep I saw'a' vivid spark .of light, from behind whlich shone :two hlideous glarlg oyoes-flxed 'nnd a'blickl sliising filce. I raised thie revolver. Impulslvelyi and -tlhat momentC'I iwvs rioweardedby.ii clear ringing laugh, as a fitimlliar voieoo said iollloa, old followj,-this you?! . {.. The 'sky was iniy -oblock, and the voice of tlle man was all that cosuld signify Ilis presence. . Yet It was .esy Ito recognlso thle: well-known twang of I Sandy I,,illton. Hio lid 'beoen crose ing tlheo biidge barefooted, hlienoo thlo istrange noise of lils flesiy feet; nnd tieo reopoenled endeavour :to. light lis cigar on that.winldy night accounted for tlohe: lrid spectacle; whlst, lastly, Ilat thi footbridge, lio had blown a liglhtol.cigir In toy faco to scrutlnlso nmo thlougli Its glaring Illuminatlon witha his whito plercing eyes, This I wais a real ghost, and no mistake I SI ndy felt IlAiispo.ed to liav Ilila utocuil chat, and was stalkIng ol? ill an opposite dii'ectlon, wvohn a gllminiolriig cluiii of lightnliug sliot across tluo hlcaivons illuiiiiniiing iil around, rostilig isprticililly on tioe 'ecedisng man. i Gicnt hlciuvoos 1 I stood for nn liuntemnt ucoiu'initerri ly pomumlyond with comstcer'nation. By thlo unmilstneahblio coitomur of tllat fliuro, and lloeo sanme dlark ge inuuuis', tills was my ' wlilto annn iiockl I' Now or neiv'r. I cado Ioeo doeperatlo jump, and hielsd lim by tIle thiout, tlireutonung on reasltatuce to fAre. In an instant my prisoner was harmless as a.lamb, having lfallen on his knees in pitying supplication. It was hiot till I struek a luolfor that 1 was . certain the submissiveo. Sandy Hamilton ,.was crouching at my fact. Tho colour of- his skin notwith standing, 1 knew by an unaccountable inatinctivoe feeling that I lind myy 'man in bluck.'-i " 'You "rdo'abase iurderer I' I said, 'and your' criimesn' sid actions have recoiled on- omy .feond.li Divulge. nil before you rise from your knees, or tis bullot'wiif pierceyour bliack heart,'h and yourbodyj,:will; belihurlel into hlud blakoenod waters of;' the'dend 'which already know your life-too wbll ' '"'Abh; msetd'r, don't'blatnsii's'!';' A,' Explali,' quikly, for my, threnat is no. idle one. M,1My revolver is at full cock." ''.Tie'affiigiitou "'tia&n; plaud' hfs, two pinios togethler,an'd dfternssueriing meo thlat he would boein at the boeginning, he stated 'tlib"fdilliwing confession in the height and, fright of confusion, in tho'very worst of English :"' . -tbveryldbody hiia' liheurd of Gundie's denthl. .Somee otlher blokack., hadi a drunken quarrel about a lubrn, witli Jimrmy'on tliat evcintful night of thir teen years 'gotlie iresult being that a stray, spear from !-Black . Tiger. .shot through his vital; part, and bereft roe of.:my' i 'falliful compinionit.'' To, get 'rTiger hiiung' wns nocoistolatiotintoeno, bilt I resolved .if, over ,lie 'erbosedety ptit to shed lles blood: Ho liasnevcr 'crossed it' since.' Through alil these long yer's Il have jpreierved his bhones, and worslhipped thm'' neS my ,only earthly treastire, changing them from 'plance to:Iplnce,"' buii'tialwiays keeping them in somine hidden spot.. Judge my lndliuii;n' do nd"riag,4; ,istr' 'wvlieit onor nhi\t, i;.alqbitjae:.-weehago,; r removed' them, from':that.:very wtoer (anti he poiinted-below),'nb eye save ujd,'and'drueiken? nittlier Tone tisbk. ing"'o;,alte 'exbliangel m yý hitng,'for a Ibng:ot puppieR, and refused ever since to nolknowledgo the action be 'itjoklo or. nislnake..', dropped thelidog's in the oreok,' wlieo'I hiiet hav bea watolil, for lhe. police were liiid on; and evetn you, 'mnstor, havd ;enquircd' 'wierd I got that bng.""'lie 'miist'linvo cil ll; for I was chased last nigli'fromi ti he veryl bank,. by some strangel.person. .was at-lher imteroy, as shite lid Gundlo's bone's, all tlhe while deftly prbelaitming ighorinceo ; l nd so, as my life toested'oi lier tongue, I detetiimted to, kill: her I ;Tlirofore,ri'ariiig(!d tomeet lhor- tilhis iglit "*t and' to behV' a bottlo eat c te cettintg, 'I'wfi'r 0L tle ''witch tit punctually; bilt her hea'd wis strangely rolled" in 'an'rodli'shnwl. Beforo. sihe could speik, I stuniined ior by"a bl lw on tlte leiilf witli my vwnddy, tied her ihanda `5liehnd-'her.bldCk, filt atlngo stenone, to lier'neck, stid si, is tleis inmoment, Lylitig'1iin tI bottomn'of tlhat Istligitnt fle~o-ihi L tl.hyblood',ran, cold -at cthe words. 'tAnd wlhet wivito mat'sh s tilwnys'nc companieil you?' i S'None' said Sandy;,it i. 'tol foll6a.v' ustom .!tob put. a cpat| of whiting on his fiace when; porpetritting 'a'diirk' ded,to' defy; identity. I'nilo vworoei a v -l.' .,,,T lseoxpliiin'ed nll , ,- ;,...j *'ero is.8 yots, Veili* Snhiy, 1 said, feoling quite'otiveucono; 'I am -the person whio clhased you ltst nigfht.' i 'What 'fur, 'master?' hie enqtired, opening Ills 'Irgo eyes in inmtzecment. '* Ic6tild! not nnswerl'hiimi; 'My mind ,wnee leilyj'toobusy. regrditig 'the psr'lcilies oof iy .ysilttitIoni' for,I by my~silence with tlie ling, I liod worked 'the dieatih of thed utiitnppk witchj j Y'.' Yiuiy.my hiav yourbbiinqe,'I spoke at' Inst 'ttlohey ,re it inyj iossessilcn. YosI caiti'trett tlhem annd thlu world' its you4 'mny,': 'blit' lpreptnrle"to' answet1 fortie''tfeuio'ceht2 life y'dui.'liiee Just ! I tlIen relatoed h1ow. I cameo'by tlhe hotnes, snd oxplniied i tlint tlio witch, blicIk enouli Uis liar' anctions mriy fitve been, Wits still Innocent in tis reinspect. ''ITears rolled down Sandy't eyes nas lie heard' the' truth, and uttebred biome of 'tlihe mdat pityllig expressitis, finally loektig l'lit'veinwi'tds; and linplorink n mercifiul God and my r.voler tot:iko a 'bad blanck mnil' out of tle world. I "-''Poor Snhdy f-I 'feit'fforltflm; jend nftliaghli iits wa 'us lty,-utl li 'mostiox tenuntiisgciroumstancesa were, pleaditig I siloniotd ilm, nid' foibiili aoinother wnrd,.,siivlisng tltat.,'a .rs. Toie's mirder: must beA known ' an day or two4 ,'o flitllf loettorgf e 'fificelff itp to tile police Imte'iiIttely, which lie pro mlsed fitlifnily to do. .;*. " I _1sked lilm nsan fevor'to come 'and take posslesfitn of his loft bones,'ind wo strode ofl to pircou're the relies.· b(To lie continued) : I 