la Memoriam, JOBS B B D B P Oh D I N G. A £_QC__t. . TTe weep not for the holy dead, Whom God bath called from off the earth, I. whera the sacred Heavens 'outspread , Receive him for his Dewor birth. ' . But jubilant, We rajse our song Of praise, to Him who takes His own To where the happy angels throng In bliss around the great white throne. ? When, in the fulness of the years of time, God'j servants pass the splendour of their prime, And walking reverent down life's deathward elope, Still heavenward look with eyes of faith and hope, __ angels guide their footsteps day by day, And through death's mists ef darkness shew the ray Whicl o'er Eternitj '» dim wave doth shine, The lode-star of their future life divine. Aid o er their dying moment* hovering, fling Dim gleams of light from each celestial wing. to! his life hat its ending! Lo ! the seraph saints descending ! Whilst the heavenly harps are blending With earth's prayerful praise, ascending, Sweetest musio, whioh can ris» Through the silent ajtbei: aides, Past the spaces angel-trod, Up unto the throne of God, Murmuring round the feet of Christ, Vn-in_3 I— +!,« K_ -P *.. ? 1. And the glorified evangels, HiUel-jah! hallelujah! hallelujah ! to the Highest! For a good man's life is dons, For another, eoul is von. From earth's trials purified, Unto Him, the Oracified ! Hi-elnja_J hallelujah 1 eaho all the Heavenly Host ! Now Eternity's calm sun tights his real life begun: He, the hair of all the ages, Now receives his heavenly wages, Freed from time, and sin, and death, Blissful every future breath 1 EiUelnjah! hallelujah! echo aU the Heavenly Host ! Glnj unto God the Father, to the Bon, and Holy Ghost ! Ufiidotutkouhip'norrow'i brotherhood! ' -tote u bo glory like to doing good, And God's best soldier is the one who dries Withtanderett sympathy affliction's eyes. Thmii nottct in sorrow ! and he felt With equal heart for Saxon, Gael, or Celt, And Oathollc in |iis kindness as his creed. Whene'er te served the poor or Buffering's need, Askod not what path to fieavan they stumbling trod, _q[ gsre nim -aerz— g is toe name oi um i The one All-Father of all creeds and cries, for through all change Betigten never dies ; And in its holy name throughout all time, Eirth'i life has grown to be a life sublime, With saints and jcattyrs, who, all self-suppressed, Hive given their lives to see man's wrongs redressed, And counted death and torture as no losa, If souls were saved, and glorified the Cross. Since all the sgw of the world Jbe^aa, Since God first stamped His image upsn maa, And gave him rule Vet ell the things of earth. There have been matures, noble from their birth, Born to self sacrifice and brotherhood Withall that lives and suffers, doing good With all tbeiratrength, through all the)r length of days, And living only for their Maker's praise, Not with lip words, but with their soul's fall night, Shemni: their weaker brethren where' the light Of great Eternity shines o'er the deep - . f Ot doubt a_4 darkless, shrouding life's last sleep— The arch orienta/if hnraiuiifcv.-vlin _nul. With faithf ul footsteps, daily Bearer God, I Ami nude thi» earth as tepplng- otone to rise I From earth's iSnt life tolfiebeyon- its eHes. I We trust, oh brethren 1 such is lie, who now I Sleeps his last sleep, with suoh% placid brow I Thttuntely there the press of angel fingers, I Wbiehdosed«uBeyelids,lovinriyyetlingere! I And though hU mortal dust pale death enshronds, I Hiinoaloelestlal soars, above earth's clouds, I Atra,«ngel- guided, wings its certain way, ? Item time, and night, and death, to endless day. I Sydney, March 17, 1877. 