WASHINGTON'S GHOSTS. It is a carious fact that of all shy and cun ning spirits, G-eorge Washington—professionally known as the Father of his Country—is the shyest and most cunning. There are very few kinds of spirits that cannot be caught by a skilful materialising medium. There is Franklin, for instance. Almost any medium can capture Franklin at any time, and exhibit him with real cane and pig-tail. So, too, the late Daniel Web ster can be caught as easily aB a yellow perch. There are several materialising ^mediums who exhibit Daniel Webster nearly every evening during the season, and those who have seen him agree in saying that he is uniformly as tall as when in life and very nearly as tedious. As for noted Federal or Confederate spirits, they are offered by all enterprising mediums in quantities to suit customers. Stonewall Jackson and G-eneral Thomas usually arrive within ten minutes after the medium has entered the cabinet and arranged the ghostly fishing tackle. Why, when spirits like these can be caught with any trouble, Q-eorge Washington shonld be so extra ordinarily shy, is a mystery which no spiritualist has yet solved. It is not meant to be asserted that no medium has ever succeeded in capturing the ghost of Washington. On three separate occasions Washington has been materialised to a greater or less extent, but until recently in no instance have the spectators been thoroughly satisfied. The Maine medium who, two years since, pro duced Washington's ghost, committed the over sight of allowing him to wear patent leather boots and a Piccadilly collar. This displeased pedantic Spiritualists, who ignored the possibility that fashions change in the Spiritual world, and who asserted that the jpafent leather boots and Pieca dilly collar were impudent anachronisms. Then there was the'.Bos tou medium, who exhibited §u undersized Washington, not over four jteet ejgtf^ inches in beigh^^tnd'Vas hissed because WftsMng-. ton's back haiir ^accidentally came do w^ Mcpm-! panied by of hairpins.rflpy)ju^^ti|»^ the medium,ywhoy.yraf a womaujdtffiiouldbB ore marked'that inasmuch as it is inconceivable that the spirits of 'barbers should be admitted to babble of " tonic" in tbe Summerland, there is nothing improbable in the supposition that Washington has not recently had his hair cut. There is, of course, 110 question that Washington was more than four feet eight inches high during his earthly existence, but if the medium preferred to reproduce him in an abridged shape she had an undoubted right to do so. In regard to the third and most noted materialisation of Washington, the circumstances were certainly of a rather painful nature. The Oshkosh medium who was concerned in jthat affair brought out a life-sized Washington, with wig, sword, and Farewell Address in his right hand, all complete, and with a smile even more wooden than that which Stuart painted at a time when his atten tion was momentarily directed from the face of his angust sinner to a narrow crack in his palette. It was this Washington that trod on a bit of orange-peel unkindly thrown on the stage by a blasphemous sceptic. When the stately ghost sat violently down, his sword and his Farewell Address flying in different directions, the specta- . tors were pained, bnt their suspicions would not have been aroused had not Washington immo diately remarked, " By gosh!" This unguarded, expression, together with the fact that the Fare- • well Address was captured by an irreverent per- ; son, and found to be nothing but a certificate Of stock in a petroleum company, aroused a great; deal of indignation, which, at the next seance,.' took the form of prehistoric eggs and the limp '' bodies of specially prepared cats, and ultimately ; led to the abrnpt departure of the medium from the town. In spite of fcheserepeated failures, which show the extreme difficulty of catching Washington's ghost and of exhibiting it in a satisfactory shape, two skilful mediums recently united their efforts and produced Washington to an extent that disarms ali criticism. It happened in Memphis, and the two mediums were ladies who deal only in the very best and most expensive spirits. They entered the cabinet together and fished for Washington until that shy spirit took the bait and was successfully landed. One of them then committed the preparation and exhibition of the ghost to her associate, and withdrew from the cabinet. Presently George Washington made his appearance. He was correct, even to the slightest detail of his nose, and his mouth was so beautifully true to life that it might have been modelled after the pattern of the slit in a moni tor's turret, through which the gunners watch the enemy and get the.r eyes full of dust. Although he did not say anything, for fear of getting his mouth out of shape, Washington beamed upon his audience in the most benignant and touching manner. The spectators were overcome with pa triotic emotion, and a conviction of the immor tality of the soul, and broke into rapturous ap plause, mingled with pious shouts of Glory!" and " Hooray!" One lady audibly expressed her longing to touch the good ghost's hand, where upon he obligingly invited her by signs to mount the stage, where, taking his arm, she was walked up and down, filled with gratitude and delight. Hot contented with thus exhibiting himself, Washington presently withdrew into the cabinet, whence he again emerged with Mrs. Washington, whose manner so plainly hinted, her ability to make things lively for her husband in case he should be guilty of any indiscretion, that no lady ventured to emulate the one who had just taken Washington's arm. So great was the enthusiasm created by this joint appearance of George and Martha Washington that the former kindly evinced a desire to add still further to the exhi bition, and dived into the cabinet with the mani fest intention of bringing out an infant. Fortu nately, the medium who was inside of the cabinet knew something of history, and promptly thwarted Washington's purpose. Had she not done so, that amiable but unreflecting ghost would probably have brought out a pair of twins and a baby waggon, thereby impugning Mr. Ban crofts veracity and giving occasion to unlimited scandal. The importance of this successful materialisa tion of Washington is, of course, more or less apparent. Hereafter Spiritualists will doubtless become more and more familiar with that vener able ghost, who will lose his native shyness and become as tame and complaisant as Franklin or any other ghostly Revolutionary father. 