LATE -ENG-M8H: : NEWS 9 J.I BY THE S.S. :*v*fi AMPOA. \ ' fTrom tho S.'it. Herald Telegram.) ...''',. London, May 30., . The following acpount of the sinkid^ %\ a second Turkish ironclad in tho Xlanubc is tolo graphed bj '{M 6pec}al correspondent of tho mts at Buckharoat :—' One of the most daring deodo over recorded in tho history of ?warfaTo -was poriormed on tho Lower Danube, aoar Ibraila, . on Saturday morning^ May 20. A small detachment of liussian soldiers, com manded by, .Lieutenant Dubasohiff, accom panied by the commander .of ? tho Romanian flotilla, Major Murgeson, left tho northorn shore of the Danube in a nuinbor of;Bmall boatai'and proceeded towards tho point ^etta i?etoi-, below1 Machiri, and qpposito Ibraila, at, which point thoro waB stationed 'a largo Turkish moritdrV The night- was very dark, and thoy managed;, to surround the monitor beforo being discovered by the Tnrkish sentries on board. Thoy; wore challenged,, and 'who toes tnoro rang out. on tno nignt m major Miirgesen replidd 'in'iTurkish, ,' friends.' Tho Turks, oviaently not satisfied,' commenced firing in the direction of Md'tohin, not know ing. ..-whore ; theso .'boats .'wpre. During the .firing, .several of tl-o Russian; soldiers, under tho direction oi. Lieutenant Dubasphifi, : rplunged into tho, water, swam silently to tho hull of tho ironclad vessel, and placed tho doadly- torpedo in closo contact with the bottom of the monitor. After tho1 destructive, machine had boon se curely fastened, and ' the wire of an electric battery had been' accurately adjusted, the men retired to the neighbouring shqro of the river, and at half-past 3 in tho morning tho monitor Was blown into tho air, with all the officers and crow. The explosion was torrific, and, as nothing is Baid of the crow being saved, it is supposed that all on board perished with the vessel. Tho cool determination with which this fearful enterprise was successfully carried out spooks 'for itself. The fate of the Bocond Turkish monitor already sont to tho bottom of tho Danube with all on board, shows how futile is the expectation that gunboats ' can maintain tho mastery of a river lined with hostile batteries, filled with enomies as resolute as thri men whose ? deeds are recorded above. The name of tho monitor destroyed was the Dar Matrin.' Captain Hume, late in command of tholm-' mortalit6, of the detaohed squadron, has been dismissed tho service by n sentence of court-, martial, for;cpnduot. unBecoming an officer and gentleman. ; H.M.S. Pearl reached Spithead ontho 18th May. , , ' : :'-:- Tho Duke of Cambridge reviewed 14,000 men at Aldershotion tho 27th May. There' were;in addition,-2;000-hor«eB and 46 guns on? the ground. . . i . ' The Army and Navy Gazelle states that, in case a cavalry corps is -sent abroad; the HouBe-r hold Brigade -will forin a part of at. ; . Her Majesty, it is roported* 'bos purchased tho extensive foreVt'-sf Ballackbyuo, adjoining Balmoral, from Colos-ul 1'arquharaon, of Inyor cauld. It possesses the largest area' of natural grown Scotch firs to Scotlund, tho aizo, beauty, and symmetry of Cbc trees being.uricqualled. Lord CairnsTiaB introduced a Bar Education and.Discipline. Bill ento' the *EC6use of Lords, providing for the csfcabHstimeht of a council of thirfcy,to bo apjionstcd by 'the fonr Inns of Court, and six by the ' Government, i The council ia to have jariadiction over barristers, with power to disbench or disbar, Bubject-tb appfeal to th^ Supremo Court Judicial ! Oom mitteo. : '??????-? Anthony Trollope is going to the Capo af the end of June. He will remain there six. months, prior to writing a book! on the country. In consequence of the English Press,! Con servative, Liberal; and Radical, with singular unanimity condemning the action of Marshal MacMahon iudismissing M. Simon, papers have beeii subjected to a censorship on ontering France, and they are delayed several hours. It has. been stated that Marshal MacMahon intends residing if another Republican ABsem ?bly is eleoted. : Tlio Turkish Parliament is exhibiting con siilcrablo dissatisfaction at tHo conduct of the war. On tho 22nd, tho Chamber of Deputies voted tho impeachment of tho late Vizier, Mahmoud PaBha. A gross act of treachery on tho part of Russia was noticed by the Berlin correspondent of tho Times. A man named Krysiuaki, a loader in tho Polish insurrection of 1863, who escaped, applied for leave to Teturn. In answer, he was invited to come back. On doing so, he was tried and sentenced to banishment in Siberia. Ho made his escape, was caught, and tried a Becond timo and ehot. 'Reports have beon received of a conspiracy having beon discovered among the Circassians in tho Russian army. Several officers have been umnorcifully shot. In tho firing between Kalafat and Widdin, the Standard correspondent of tho latter place states that tho Roumanian gunB were directed against tho military hospital at Widdin, which was flying tho red oross. Several of the. invalids were killed, and others were wounded. Lieutenant-General Sir CollingwoodDickson, R..A,., K.C.B., has been appointed military adviser to Mr. Layard at Constantinople. ..-Colonel Porter, B.E., has been sent .to Kara on a special mission, to roport on tho war ihAsiaMinor. . .- - ? A largo number of gentlemen who have served in tho British army are about entering . the Turkish army, and it is thought that they will riiako their preseneo felt, as did their pro (leccssors in 1844 and 1845. Tho Russian arid Austrian Emperors aro to have. an interview at'Hormanstadt. Tho dato of tho departure of tho Czar from Buckharest is purposely not.mado known. The frequent accidonts on the Roninanian railways lias given riso to a foar that a conspiracy to cause his death is afloat. . . The natives of Abkaqia as well as the Circassians are, it is stated, ? now in full in surrection. . ? ., . -. , . , ? , ' 'Tho Sultan hiis ordered 20,000 revolvers to bo purchased out of his privato^ursp, and dis tributed among tlio insurgents. The Bon of Sehamyl, Mesmod Pasha, l.has gone to join tho revolted Circassians, and it is announced from St. Petersburg that, tho other son of Schamyl, who is established there and, holds rank1 'ft the! Russian army, haa gone to tho Caucasus, no doubt to use his influoncoj or rather,' the' -weight of iis: . riame|-: with tthe,. mountaineers. - j .'.', .'-.The raco botwoon Boyd : arid .' Higgins waai :rowicd in terapasta of wind and rain, and the, river was lashed into angry roar. ' As'Boyd. .was known to bo 'suffering from an attack' of ?boilBj- the betting was strongly -in- favour of. Higgins. A. clear lead of .two longths was gained at the- start by-B6y3,Jwho from that moment hold the race secure, Higgins f.ot'hav ing a ghost of tichanco against him. Altogether ?it was a hollow' affair. Tho Daily Telcgraph'-c6m-- moriting:on the raoo says there was a space of at', loast 200 yards betweentho mon as Boyd went! under Barnes' Bridgo ; and that ho could have %6nibya:quartdr of a'mile1 is undeniable' had- honot judiciously slackonod his paco \ as it wns Higgins, who showod an utter inability t6' contond with rough wator, was about 20 lengths hohind at the finish. Boyd won in 28 mimites 24 seconds, by Benson'B ehronomotor wntch. AVith tho' stakes of £400 and the sculler's championship, Boyd also took as a ohallongo trophy, tho handsome cup given by uiu jiropriHterH or a ? x\ ewcascio pnper. It is very likoly that Boyd or Blackman will fro to Australia and th'ero. 'Sompeto with Trickott, who last June easily defeated Joseph- Sndlor for tho Thames championship, but declined, boforo leaving England, to row with Higgins. The London Want.— London's means of transpontine communication are immeasurably inferior to those of groat Continental cities. Oyor tho Seino, in Paris, in a clistnnoo of 4J miles, thero aro 14 bridges, or ono in 580 yards; and, if to these bo added tho othcro loading to ^tho old oity, there are.27, whilo tho population is only ono-third that of London. At that rate tho English motropql'sought to lmvo 42. At Lyons, ovor tho' SaOrio, thoro nro 12 bridgos, and 7 in.3} mileB ovor the Rhone, or 19 bridges in. ?-'?,? Jto a population ' onc-BOvonth that of Bpridon. In thb same proportion tho English' I mctropWia 's'entitjpdto J32 bridges. '.','_ | ?::'O.; ??::?. \ 