MR. SMITH'S CONFESSIONS. Most young people-and young. ladies in particular- fancy,,that first loves are full of romance and very delightful. But'weara not so sure. Perhaps some of thenm are fraught with anything but delight, especially in the remembrance. But we are not going to. morose. Draw your chairs nearer, young ladies, and if any young gentleman who is mysteriously re gular in his Sunday attendance in a family pew at a most incoveunieut distance from his own parish church--at a distance, in short, which will not allow of 'his. a:ter wards. dining anywhere but at the house of the owner of the family pew ; if any yIung gentleman whose habits have grown re markably regular of late, and. whose partiality for glee-singing tha., chased the effluvia of ,igar-smoko out of his chambers in the Temple, and has sent himn, to bed at eleven o'clock 'p.m. and to the top of Rillgate Hill at seven a.m.-if any such young gentleman wants to "listen to nmy tale," dont turn him away on any ac count. Of course, I have been in love. If I had. I not been so, my dear Mrs. Smitli, would never have been Mrs. Smith, nor shoul I If have been the happy Mr. Smith. - But she was not my first love, at leas.t in the sense, or-pardon theharsh nessof the phrase-non sense in which young ladies and gentlemen I sometimes understand the term. I do not know whether it was G~o,,,ri .a Jones's blue eyes or h.r iinveterimt habit of contradicting her motih-r, ain,! loinr uevery. thing she was forbidden to do. anl vice versd' that first attached me to her. We'were but boy and girl; but I was, alas! just old enough in wihkeduess to appreciLte the beauty of oppoition. Weol 1 we were very much in love, thought ourselves a p,rstcuteld Paul and Virginia, because we ha, good houses over our heads, and because oversy want was almost anticipated before it was felt. This ]Brittani·'-metu l age lasted, if I remember rightly. just oin fortnight, three days, and seven hours aind a half, and- ttr minated in a "-scene," a flood of tears and passion, and a plice regret that " Mr. and Mrs. Jones really must dispense with the pleasure of Masteir Smith's company at their. house in future." Of course, I broke my heart. No, my cricket-bat was rather the worse for wear;.] and as my "governor " mnailitained thiatm "Miss Jones's tantrams were no fault of mine," I thought it a favourable opportuniy-1 and got a new one. together-with a rath. r expensive "tip" from my navaurncla. who. said that my imniation of little Miss Jones in a pet was nrdlnirahle, and that I criFd"as natural as life " My dear mother said such imitations were ungenerous.. I think so now. One of a bho's most natural'"fi'rst10oves"'i is Play, and I r-114d ll wars play and romp. as heartily as Mrs. R?nith's eldest at this moment. Whether it was . chevying a whole company of lauhinz hbos and girls, or being clievied by them ; whether it was wreathing buttercups or thrashing stinging nettles and burdocks into a perfect chaos of fluff and shattered stalks ; whether str..dkings had to be' pulled off to reach hullruslies in precarious brickfield ponds, or a dilapidatedi pigsty was to he faean a.ftr the manner of, the aneii;nts (only thet a rntrbandl train of powder used ,rrowrallV to be smuggled into the affair), I was always heart, soul, and pocket-mtony ii the wholo concern. And yet I did no grat miuohlmi'f, at least to. those I thought could feel it. "You have no riiht td thinX, exempt to. avoid mischief," my n,,mother would say when "I didn't mean." or ' I thought." anme in as the too fiequent apology. If 'I thought little of the !*ssomi then, it has comne home since, 0, how often ! how strongly! Play hadi ti. imn-like Goorgina. O. how Georgina ann I u.??d to liugh at ourselves and at each other when we niet-she a sparkling airl of'sventeen, and Ian embryo member o, Trinity, Cmnhlride. How much was sho impri'med in everythie,,, and yet how little I cavred for her! We were the best friends in the. world. She was going to the West Idies to marry somohody she had never seen. and I was guinu to Ti'iity to yearn after truths of whieh- I. fancied' I saw the shadows. I had another "first love," now. 1 woulil make my way in the world. I would be L marked man. Fingers should he poitel, caps doffted, initial letters of societies tfied to my name till it was as long as thle chains which glhosts who. patronize the genuineoldt school of haunted hiouses ghosts are said to patronise. But it was not long before I Ithe:o eel' ,in aj1tig-ind,-la a wind does nit oeoast, iiy vanity g took rapple with form aestrs -I .walked oer the abandouned' thio a fellowship, wet notqvu the Rhine, rad tough oflasics withats not to spoupil my succss, lokd in t that lass, cal lithtghr as very like thirow usurping so large a siare of my aff'ec. Lions; yeares or our years passed-d I am a splendo4 olassicp nd th"ught least so. frieds so the' examination-list, andi, -.last and by. ;nol weans least, niy vanity tot)k eatreto iuhirni SI And nowalked oer thig more" whispered a vce fed~ouiship, went down the Rhine, read the classics with a few selcct pupils, looked in the glass, andi thought I was very like thirty. , years of' age. ""And I am -a splendid' claissi ii" thought IL ..' And nothing inore," whispered a voice that seemed very like that of a ghost who tised always to ware tie of the coating death o?one of my "first loves.". :Vhy did my chambers look so dull and couipanionless ?: Did the fire blaze with less hearty glow ? "Did it iefloeet less beloved ntimes aUs it spangled the gilt vellum backs of-sonic of my pet quartos? Was the Tur. key carpet loss soft to the feet, and had the 1 I deep maroon curtains lost their deep, heavy - reppse? Alas! the room was bewitched 'haunted with the spirit of my own discon tent, with the eousciousness of a life only half fulfilled : and another "first love" was sveeping the death she could not avert. SAnd nox I looked back at my past life, aiid as." gazed into the fire as it. glowed before me, I seo'ued to see all my "first loves " pass before me, even as the kings in Bauquo't;glas, undl mused strangely within. myself. The ghost of a. past life is a heavy, repentant spirit. " Had I but done this," " If I had reflected on that." "If I had but known," and so onu--humane nature, ever trying to. realise anticipations never formed, and proudly calcula.tting on the re sultsoof whIat man's providence had not put the veto on the very thought which might have averted-perchauce a fancied evil, more often a real good. I suppose I blushed-but the fire was really very warm-as I thought of my boyish attachment to Georgina. And then. a kindlier spirit seemed to, whisper that no part of a man's life is given to him in vain, and that even the silliest romance of a. schoolboy's "first attachment" may be fraught with an influence on his after years, of which he has little, knowledge, still: less 'h.Testy to confess. Nor was it without pleasure that the I spectral cricket-ground rose before my sight. It told a. happy story of mmany a rough bump from the ball, many a wicket ingloriously lost by the superior bowling ft' Tom Brown, and of a certain triumphant supper when " our eleven" gained ithe lay. Nor did all th4so held~gs. I had so recklessly broken through, or those p,,ds I had forded i a state of costume rathor TIib,-rnian t;nUan English, speak very bitter w,,ds of reprotclh. I Eveu thi ghost f N.;wton s`enitd tn spiek consoligly, and a bevy of classic anth',rs scoued to thank inc for vindicating the;u I from undergraduate coistruang, and the more sorOus., " ilse quantities" of non puilhi shoohnen" But what was the lesson they taught ? Si', pty ahis :. that no single p)art of a tman's i fe is useless in itself-no part useful i bvl it.mlf. I had all. along beenm tie' slave one thlng or anothr. A ''"first love \- whlt her it was Geiorgina. my cricket-bat, or .Herodotis. had nl) ,opli,?, my whole oimie'i.s, aud I had euhivii;d one objet to tho, ,'~u-sion of all othrs. And now for the moral. F,,ts and teach ing' after all;. thlrefor,, hl- ar ,no a little longer, and I will tell you limiw 1 now live. Rhst of all, I amn inari-ied. Mr-s Smith 's not any " t'fit love;" but on my word, of a happy happy husband, she is my only01 and aill be my last. Secondly, I can play and romup with my own chihdron as well as m,,y fi&tlir; oaeo played and r,,mped wit m,?. Thirdly, 1 have introduced a new and (I delight to say) successful method of bring ing clean water into the poorest and least cared-for portions of our neighh.urhood. Aid, lastly. I am editing a new e.lition of Demosthenes, in which I hope to show that I have, at all events, not quite forgotten my G'rek. Dear readers, do not believe in "-first loves." They are. perhaps, among the-best and happist of our misfortunes, but mis fortunes they are. We are guilty of asimuch s',lfishness when we deify one pursuit, as we are inconsistent when .we attempt to excel in all.. Man was.never made to live im objective infatuation. His early life is miade up of parts, strange and contradictory enough, perchance; but it is thie union of ° -.these paints ahich makes tI-a suns total of humann dunty m and human h~appinss. 