WiDXEBOtv, Kxr 30th, 1877. iue dominds on our space to-day prevent the poaubility of our referring nt length to the very antliuiiastic meeting held at the Mechanics' Institute hut evening in support of Mr Bromby. Wo have not seen for year, in Lo.unce.tou a more numerously attended or more orderly mooting. The Attorney-General made a splendid speech, extending ovor an hour and a half, which was liatened to with breathless attention, frequently inter rupted by applause, and at ita dose a unanimous vote in hi. favor was canied. UnleM public meetings are to be regarded aa a .ham altogether, the Attorney. General's return for Contral Launceiton ought to bo a certainty. Tee addreu of the Premier at Woitbury ha. givon inch general satisfaction throughout the colony, that it in euen tially necessary tho Opposition organs should decry it and even denounco it. The task, however, is a very difiicultono, and we do not envy thoso who have undertaken it. The Prenlior'n digni6ed vindication of the Cabinet from tho peUy charge, levelled againit it was exhaustive and complete. This is moat damaging to tho Opposition, who find the ''made 'and very unsubstantial ground on which thoy stood cut from under tbeir feet, leaving them clinging for support to the ghost, of exploded and exposed false assertions. Wo do not intend to review the speech of the Premier j it U tuffi. ciently explicit on every subject ho touched upon to satisfy ' th,e people,' to whom it wa- specially addressed, and ire trust that nvory doctor in Tasmania will carefully 'road. mark, learn, and inwardly dige.f' ita oonten's. The organ of obstruction par excettaux cannot find language suffi. ciently strong to denounce the fleibey Ministry, and this in itself should hu ae ceptedaathehighestcommendation. Por loasj, factious, and party obstruction is the weapon with wliichthoOppositiondobattle with tho Ministry «hich was to linvobeon allowed a fair and impartial trial That was nominally ronoodod in August last by all partif., but the party of obstruc tion never for one instant observed the conditions. This un English treatment ha. bad the rovorso of tho effect intended. Tho doctors throughout the- length and breadth of Tasmania are disgusted with such unfair tactics, and their indignation has boon aroused to an extent which will teach tho leaden of the party of obstruction a lesson thoy have long required. Tho address of the Premier dealt with every important matter con nected with the government of the colony, but perhaps what is most likely to directly benefit Launceston is that portion dealing with oharitable allowances and the main tenance of invalids. The Premier nu'tl it wa- tho intention of the Government to ooncontr.to all the invalids in the colony at tlie Quoen's Asylum at New Town, and by this and other alterations the site of the Cascades and Brickfield, at Hobart Town, and tho spacioui aite of the Invalid Station at Launoeston would be available : for sale, and Cameron street vroqUJ | bo .thrown open and carried an through the Invalid Station grounds to near the j iron bridge over the South Eak. This is a boon the inhabitants haw prayed other Ministriei for in vain, ever stace tlie old bsrracks occupied by the invalid, were vacated by the military; Either the British Ordnsnoo Department, 6* AW' other unrelenting ''flog ill lh. - oliiocted to lodso IU ?- ' 'j11*™^ , «,. Minn* ..a«p on the loeahty. or tho Mlu..^ of th8dlivhlul not the l''''ur or the will to interfere in the matter. It remained for the present Ministry to show that it has both the will and the powor to hand over to the people of Launoeston tho vacant lands within her town boundaries. Whether the lands at the Invalid Station and gaol be handed over to the Corporation aa places nf recreation for the inhabitants, or sold as kite, for building purpose., that and the continuation of Cameron-afreet westwards will effect a va*t improvement in that picturesque portion of tho town, hitherto devoted to tho exclusive use of British soldiers, prisoners, or paupers. Sinoe the present Superintendent of Pens] Ks tabliNhmenta took charge, he has effected wonderful improvement in the whole of the grounds referred to, yet every in telligent visitor from the adjoining colonies expresses very natural surprise that tho prettiest slope of rising ground fronting on the river should be reserved a. labor ground'for prisoners and paupers, while the citizens should be rigorously exoluded from them, Hero are sites for numerous villa residences, which, if offered for sale, would bo eagerly pur chased, and in future yean th,o eyes of our visiton from tho continental colonies would be oo longer pained by having the Launceston Gaol ?taring th*.m broadly in the faco as thoy near the town, and on landing they would not bo checked by a barrier in Cameron street to prevent tU- ir nearer approach on that tack to the beautiful South Esk bridge. The gaol itself was condemned twenty yean ago by the Smith-Henty Ministry. It occupies twice the space necessary for a compact modern prison, suitable for all the require menU of Lnuncoston for tho next half century. Though vastly improved by the present Superintendent, tho buildings are altogether unsuited for carrying out modern prison dicipline, and it would not be too late now to give effeot to tho idea agreed to, if not suggested, by Sir Francis Smith twenty yean a^o to build a gaol in not quite ao prominent a position, and sell the old one to tlie highest bidder. The site and tho building, would bring in almost a sufficient sum to erect a new gaol elsewhere. Now that tho Premier has evinced a willingness to afford the people of Launceiton an opportunity of vastly improving the appearance of the town, wo commend tho whole subject to tlie consideration of tho members of the Municipal Council. Prompt action on their part is requisite to bring practical good out of the valuable suggestions thrown out by the Premier in his eloquent addreu. ? 