TO T H E AUSTRALIAN WINTER. Welcome, glad Winter ! no season so dear As thee, thou loveliest time of the year. Over the valley, the mountain, and plain Thy emerald carpet is spreading again The beautiful green, bedecked with flowers, All drinking sweet life from thy genial showers. Summer and Autumn left the earth bleak and bare, Like the heart of the wretched when cankering care Hath withered hope's blossoms that once flourished there; But now thou hast come to succour and bless, ; Like the glad smiles of love to those in distress And the earth a parched desert,'neath Summer's fierce beat, Rejoices again at the sound of thy feet. Till her bosom, all gladness, in beauty may vie With that contrast so pleasing—the blue arching eky. The farmer now sees with a grateful smile The dew-spangled buds adorning the soil While visions of plenty are filling his brain, As the clouds pour afresh the life-giving rain. I love thee, blest season, for thou still dost bring A joy to my heart which I now fain would sing As I list to the birds in meadow and grove, Singing thy welcome in measures of love; ; And the gurgling brook as it hurries along Joins in glad Nature's exuberant song. ' Winter has come, all radiant with mirth, Not as he comes in the land of my- birth. There he stalks all pale o'er the scene so drear, The snow-shrouded ghost of the vanished year. Till Spring's glowing morn and vernal bloom Affrights him away to his black icy tomb. To this fruitful land thou ever dost bring The beauty and youth of enchanting Spring; -Blessings attend thee, and thy moistened breath Awakens each bud from its long sleep of death; Till over the earth bright flowers arise With thy sparkling tears in their opening eyes, The west wind is blowing chilly and strong, Awakening the woods with a weird- sounding song, Now swelling aloud like ocean's deep groan, Then sinking away to a low hollow moan; And I fancy I hear the wind-voices say— Life's pleasures and Winter are passing away. Then stay with us, Winter. It grieves my sk heart To think that thy joys must also depart. T. B., Port Lincoln. A CO-OPEBATIVE STORE.—We see from an anrouncement in our business columns that a Company is teing formed to open a co-operative store in Hindley-street, which is to supply the shareholders and their friends with any article of everyday consumption and general use at low prices, with discount for cash. The principle on which tbte operations of such establishments are usually conducted is to allot to each shareholder a share of the profits proportionate to theajnount of goods bougct by him at the store, his correct share being ascertained by a system of tallies. We presume that it is intended to follow the same system here. Snch stores have for some time been in existence in London and other large citieB of England, and have been found to answer we' 