? .THE^TUHELLER. ON TRA1/P. riiy j. l.i» I cannot tell what other men think of tho matter, bufc for my own part I know of nothing more enjoyable than a long up country journey on foot. Of course tho thing muat not be overdone. Twenty miles Is a fair dav's work to keeD un for any length of time. One soon gets into walking trim even whon somewhat enervated with freo living and a few weeks' idleness in town. The expense is trifling, for there is no country under tho ouu Better euitod for an out-of-door life, in its most literal sense, than Australia. Tho most effeminate soon learn to like the ohelter of an aromatic gum tree better than the muslin canopy of a feather-bed. Tho constant change of air and change of scene is highly invigorating both to body and mind. One is always learning something from a chance fellow traveHftr on tho road. Many instructive facto and queer experiences of human life are picked up in that way. 1 left Sandhurst and passed through tho 3uburb of Eaglehawk on n Monday moraing lately, with the in tention of wearing out a new pair of boots on a long desnltory tramp. The Barrier ranges were my goal of promise. I had no reason for going to that inhospitable and distant border land, except tho rather unsatisfactory and foolish ones that I had never beeu there \- beforo, and that il whs onee the scene of a disastrous rush in which several |3artie3 lost their lives. The first thing to engage my eyo as I began my tramp was the appear an co presented by the sordid homes and makeshift stables of the wood-carters on the outskirts of tho famous gold field. Homes like these seemed to imply downright want. There is, however, a weekly supply of ready money. The appa rent poverty ia only on tho surface. More than once I overtook a shaggy little girl with a big black bottle half- hidden under her oeanfcy apron, on her way to the nearest ehanty. In every case a knot of slatterns were watching the little oarrier-pigoon with a mako- belicvo air of innocence and uncon cern. An hour's walk brought we into the agricultural districts, with ploughs going in tho stubble fields on either side of me. Sigcs of thrift and enterprise were abundant. Haystacks of a hundred tons stood as stiff, as towers here and there, and through the half- open doors of rough-hewn barns I. caught glimpBes of o vocilo wing tiers of wheat , and corn. . I had no companion, and was begin ning to feel the way solitary when a round uhouldored man, with a luonkoy-jaoUeb on his book, emerged from a cross-country lane a fow yards in. front of mo, and struck out on tho way that I was goiug. Ho walked wide, and worked a stiff elbow 'ab every step as if ho had to shoulder his way against a stiff galo of wind. His bundle was slung in ft nautical way over hia (shoulder, and he carried a hook.pob hi hia band. Auyona could soo that ho was a son of Noptuuo.on an inland oraiso. Hun. a way Jaok is no novelty on the road. He ia to bo soon ovory day of the week crossing ICoilor Plains with', perhaps, a orowa piooo in his pookut by ,way of ballast. Very often ho turns faint-hoartud, and goes baok on hia track; with hia iiuyur iu hit} mouth', to Oaptalu Shurkor. Ho noon Undo out that lifo nahoro has its hardships an woll as lifo afloat. Bill Jouoa, tho navvy ganger,, ia -little bo'ttorthaa fcho roaring oblof watoof tho Tartar, and tho froo seleobor, whon ho pays money, lilcoa td h:ivo his fall money's worth, i'lie suilor turned hia hoad at tho Bound of my footatopli, and waitod until T oamo up. -Ho had a good-humored, but ratbqr rooklaas, oaab ot oountoiiiviOQ, and tho Tory swarthy hue of hut complexion showed that he had beunrooontly in tho tropica. 'Morniujf, Boa»,' ho said, with a friendly half.Binilo, (l outward bound, I boo, Uko n»y«olf— Goih' fur?' 'Am far «a I havo ttfoabner to fly with ; north, to buo ooubrid tribes, I think.' 'Soulp hunting, I uup poBo; well, 1 reckon I oould do a litblo th&b; way myuolf; Tvo a long-liandlod kriifo, and 1 w'ftB always nobod for a (juiok turn of tho wrutj bub, iu real onvnoHt,' ho^aildod, in a fjruvor lotto, '? 1 ahould llko to go with you. What oould i\ follow thut iau'tovei'-pni'tiuular do for a living up thoro '(' ' Thoro iu oaitto tending, woll^lnkiiig, fenolng, and obhor lltida of bu*H work, and lollitty Iu tho almdo uutl nil tlmt).', ''Woll, Bo»», 1 omi'b rido, but I think I oould hold on to tho innnu j lb Can't bo muoli worao than sticking to tho top.gftllunt yard with your oyobrowa jvoross Iho wontorn ooonn. l'vo road nboub tho hnwo, and I unit throw a ropoVond «b n tnurk with Rity man hi bhu world. Hub it'u nuuh n long waytt off— tUtiVa what) bother* bio. (ho long walk, I'm dovilltjh flat-footed MyouHooj 1 Booui touuvogobuouttrluuin me somehow. The lint? 'ariBcr m I go along ; I slay threescore at every Btop.' 'Walking is hard work for a novioe,' I said, ?' still it has its advantages — one ants well and sleops Well ; it's a kind of training too, you'll soon get down to your fighting: weight.' 'Well,' Boss, it's true, although most mon prefer ea3O to work ; however, this ia not my first trip over the stones. I bolted from tho Thunderbolt up tho Straits once, and made a tour through the Holy Land. I've; hoard tho bellowing of the bulls of Bashau and seen tho young lions skipping on tho hills of Judea. I've been quite a rover by land and sea.' 'There is room enough to rove be tween Victoria and the Clonouny, whero the copper Iode3 are walled in with silver and gold. You might make discoveries where no man's foot has been— 1great discoveries, — and your grateful countrymen might set up your monument on Batman's-hill ; at all events you. can select a great ,, domain, as large as Windsor-park if: you. like, rand be monarch of all yon survey.' ♦', Yoa; lay on1' tho colors too thick, Boss. You remind me of an old chum of mine, Son'-wester Sam we used, to call him, over in Wapping. He took it in his head one day that the easiest ? way to make a rise, and the quickest, would be to find a purse. Well, he took to wandering about London in all weathers, especially by nighb,'and made a grab at every little tiling he oauie across, always hoping it .might be a little bag of lost money. He dabbed his fingers into many a nasty mess in that way. At last, after he had been aome months at tho game and found nothing, ho tumbled down a cellar in a dark corner one night and broke his Bccrlf, so that put a stop to it.' Beguiling tho tedious miles with reminia cenco3 of land and sea, we journeyed on to gether towards Swan-hill, over the wooded plains. Dummy domiciles, with smokeless chimneys aud little patches of cultivated ground around them, became vory nume rous, The squatter still continues to keep the lion's share of the aoil. Even justices of tbo peace are artful dougcrs. The most valuable twits of country are well se cured against tho intrusive four pegs of the free selector. A day's ram had saved tho stock from starvation, and given tho sprouting grass a refreshing tint of green. After wo passed the Sei pen tine and Kerang^ townships we saw the horizon resting on'endless plains. The aoil is sandy aud dry ; every puff of wind, a little stronger than ordinary, blows it away in whirling olouds. Tho agriculturist iu search of n now locution has passod it by eutirely. The crow, sitting on tho telegraph post croaking to himself, and sharpening his beak from time to time upon the wire, . seemed to be tho only inhabitant. We did, however, soe two emus trotting aide by side away in the distance liko two young camels lost in the desert. A coach runs betwoon Ingle wood aud Swan-lull two or three times in the weok j.thore is, hpwover, apparently little traffic. , Now and then wo psvisod a loaded team carrying station stores into the Mallee, and sometimes met, a sunburnt tramp, walking on the uppers of his boots, who had come overland from Adelaide by way of Wentworth— that was all. We made our fourth camp on tho shoro of Murdering Lake; an ugly naino for a prqtty enough sheet of water when tho sun is shining in tho sky, and the wild geeso and water fowl gabbling amout tho roods. It derives ita nppollatiou from a general uiasaacro of jjhepherds aud hut kaopers by tho blacks, on a Btntion hard by, when tho colony was only a few yoaru old. ' Our approaoli startled a 'regiment of hwuis, fully two' hundred , Btrong, who wore feoding among tlio ahallowa. Aa they.flew okimining awny, atrikiug the wator with evory Hap of thoir ponderous wings, thoy mndo a noiso liko thuuder. The lake, like eorao other siyUta soon by travellora, looka beat at a distance. A frothy kind of scum, not very ngrooablo to the aonso of fluaoll, has gathered upon Mio marge, and tliu aliiny, atum^y au-a gnuuti skulutou troou glyo it a do»i)bto, dotidTaoa look. Tho olaug , of powerful wiuga ovorhoad nwoko mo in tho miildlo of tho night j starting up I saw, betwoou mo and bhu bUm, a string of wild guoaoitiakiug.fortho woat. Thoro was nouibon, yob it vim a brilliaub night. Thoheavouo woro »glow with utava . tthining through aiiibor and groen. Tho milUy way *v-io run ning over with light, and tho throo stnra in Oi ion'a bolt woro burnin;' liko threo littloauna now made. I f 61b, upon my ohook, tho cool niyhb ftira oooaaiouaUy uomoaudgo. LJ loams of atarliahb lay upon tho qu lob vvabur, llu foivthoroa tonunta were nuito aa daath. lu tho dodp Bilonuo I hoard tha tiny wavolob oroop up and Uiiss tho uhoro, I'aauoful t\a it looked Avhab aoouoa of wild ??. tumult n\unb Imvo ooourroil upon ito bnnka, both iu penoo und war. JS'o lutuk ia loft bohiud to mloru a talo. Kofc n vootiyo of tho ruoo that has ftlmoub diaappoarod. Only a . logond of a b*ndoil lvordo flying furbhor into tho wilder miss, with tl\u wltito iuvndur'a blood dripping bob from thoir sponra. My uowp^iiion, ybriklny n tu.ttuU to liyht hia pipe, brought my bhouyhtu Imok to my iutmndiuto uun^utuliuga. 'This nmokiug lu bod ia u bud ouutoni,' ho oxulnimtnl, with a aigh of oatliifnotlon, 'but I oun'b{;ot ovor tb ; my wifo oouldu'b ft-boar it; n\i\ny u nagning Umtoh n*o hud about ib, Ab l.infc -t oaino ta a ltiy'lur bnab up, aud I lufb to look for s\ ahip. [ nuvor boo ttio old womnu uinuo.' ho mldud aa ho royo up nnd looked around him, 'and I uovor will ftgnin liko onougli. Sho wan u vory good woman iu nor way, tnkohur for ivll in all, although rathor fond of groou ohoeso, Homo f.ollo\T« would call tUU UttUo wuiRutio, I wouldn't they 2'';; M It's worth, going a mile to see,' I replied, 'espociaHy on such a night as this.' -.V Well I don'texaotly go in with you tk«ro.j ? still; to -a sow, * bran mash is as good as a pancake.. I'm aware of that. I think I ase a ghost.' He pointed to the bleaohcd remnant of a thunder- smitten tree upon a point i of yautago, which really looked liko ono of the sheeted dead standing with 'a long bony arm upraised in a detiant way to heaven. ' It had such a woird like look, and tho associations connected with the place woro ao terrible aud grim, that, for a moment, I felt my blood run cold. 'It'a only a. Bturap after all, I belieye,' tho sailor continued, 'for surely the ghost of a black man can't ba white. If I was camping here by myself I should feel a little skeared. I own that ; as itia I'll tura in and sleep. It's a fine thing to have no watch to keep, no eight bells rousing a man out of a pleasant dream. I'll never go to sea again until I get a ajaipi' of my own — that's a fact.' We were '.one hundred and twenty miles from Sandhnrat when we entered the Btraggling precincts, of Swan Hill. The .townahip is email, and :it3 surrouudiags bleat, aud bare, but it has a few substantial brick biiil lings, and u sprinkling of well 8tooked atores and public houses. I saw it at mid-day, when the sun wa3 shining hot upon tl;o eaves aud the dusty street empty and' silent, . The butcher, with bis apron tucked about his loins, crossing the street tb get a drink, seemed to be the only one j, about, with the exception of a big black billy goat, who, in a fit of desperation at the geusral flatness of things, had attacked a water cask, and was butting at it with great desperation and fury. The township is a port of call for the steamers, aud ia no doubt busy enough in certain, seasons of the year. When I passed through it the river Lad dwindled to half ita ordinary volume, and tho Murray downs looked sterile and bare. Work was at a standstill back in the Mallee, everybody sat waiting for the rain. My companion, who was very foot sore, had the luck to get employment at a public house as a generally useful man. When I parted with him early in the morning he was in high spirits. ' If yon strike gold on the Barriers, bosa,' he Baid, 'send me word by the wire and I'll come up. I'm a sticker on shore for life j Iwouldnt show my nose on salt water again for a titile. I would rather bo a common bobby and wear a .leather hat.' 