£befrpr. CURIOSITIES OF CORONA TIONS. Although our specific object is to givo a familiar account of the more or less remark able events which have taken place at, or in connection with, the individual coronations of English sovereigns, it may bo as well to perfaco it with a few remarks on the arrange ments attending their coronations in general, as a little light will thereby be thrown on some of the expressions met with further ou. During the times of the Plan'ageneta and ihe Tudors, aud with the Stuarts until the corona tions of Jathea II., it was the custom for the sovereign to take up his residence iu the Tower of London for a short period, previous to the day of the coronation. On the Satur day preceding that, ceremony, he went in procession from Westminster to the Tower of London, on which occasion lie was ac companied by large numbers of the nobility and civic dignitaries, and also by thoBe squires upon whom the honour of knight hood was to be conferred. Each of the latter (who watched their arms that night.) had a room assigned to him, nnd a bath in which to bathe, and knighthood followed the next day after mass. The queens who reigned in their own lightB, Mary and Elizabeth, al though they condescended to gird tin; swords ou their knights with their own i...tub., did uot give the actual accolade or blow (some authorities gather from the deriva tion of this word, ad and cnllnm, that an embrace was origiuaily given) which is the determined action that impresses tho charac ter of knighthood. At both of these corona tions this office was performed by Henry, Earl of Arumiel, aud a copy of his appoint ment may be found in ltymer'a works. Commencing with the reign of William the Conqueror, we will now proceed to note those coronations at which something out of the common has occurred, auil the crown ing of the Norman king furnishes us with the first anecdote. When William had taken tho coronation oath to protect the Church, prohibit oppression, and execute judgment in mercy, Archbishop Aldred put the question to the people, " Will ye have this prince to b» your king ?" They replied with loud shouts of assent, and the uproar thus created, led the Norman soldiery to believe that the English had revolted ; whereupon, without waiting to make the least investigation ioto the matter, they immediately set the neighbouring houses on fire. The flames gave rise to a general alarm, and a great part of the congregation hastened out of the church ; the English endeavouring to stay the progress of the fire, and the Normans seizing the opportunity to plunder The bishops and others taking part in the ceremony, who rcmaiued within the church, were thrown into such a state of confusion that they were barely able to go through the uffice of crowning the king. William per ceiving the tumult, und not being able to conjecture its cause, was naturally much perplexed, and sat trembliDg before the altar. No great amount of damage was done by the conflagration, but it sewed the (seeds of a 1 long and bitter enmity botween the Noriua'-s and tiie English. Stephen's coronation, seeing that 1,,. bad pre, iuu-ly sworn allegiance to the Empress Matilda, was viewed with a considerable amount of anxiety and curiosity : for in (lin.se days it was commonly believed thai, the punishment of perjury w.ts visible and immediate. William. Archbishop of Canter bury, performed the ceremony, and if is stated that a violent, Rtorm arose, Throwing tiie assembled party into Hiieh dire confusion that the consecrated wafer fell to the 1 round, tiie kiss of pence was omitted, and t lie final benediction of the archbishop uUogc.li- r forgotten. 'The coronation festivities of Richard I. indirectly gave rise to a sanguinary and disgraceful riot. A large 1111111 her of Jews bad come to England during the previous reign, where tliey were allowed to live ill peace by that, liberal and cnlightcne I monarch Henry II. Naturally grateful that such an mmsuil favour should lie accorded them, tliey met together in London for the purpose of subscribing amongst themselves in order to present Richard with a valuable gift on the occasion of his coronation. Unfortunately for them, Richard was weak enough to listen to some of the bigots by whom lie Was surrounded, who assured hitu that the Jews were in the habit of practising their magic arts on kings during the time of their coronation ; aud the result was the issue of an edict Btrictly prohibiting any Israelite from being present during tho ceremony, or making an appearance at the royal palaco during tlio subsequent coronation banquet. Iluweter, more curious than prudent, a goodly number of Jews mingled with the crowd that gathered round the palace gates ; and one of them, attempt ing to force his way in, received a blow- in the face from an over-zealous Christian. Tliir was quite sufficient to arouse the fanaticism of the mob, and 11 general attack was at once com menced upun the Jews, who fled with all speed towards the city. Some miscreants, only too glad of the opportunity fur pluuder, spread a rumour that Richard had given orders that the unbelieving Jews should lie exterminated, and as sttcli an order waB by no means unlikely when tho king was a crusader, it was soon implicitly believed. The London mob, aided by the people who lind arrived from the country, proceeded to attack the houses of the Jews; but the in mates defended their habitations with much courage, and the assault proved abortive. Finding that they could uot gain admit, toice to tiie houses, tiie populace threw brands aud torches through the windows and on to the roofs, with the result that conflagrations hurst forth in all directions, consuming a large number of bouses, both Jewish and Christian. Toe king ordered the apprehension of the ringleaders, aud they wero banged, as a salutary warning to others ; nnd after this the Jews were taken under royal protection. The only memorable event attending the coronation of John was the speech of Hubert, Archbishop of Canterbury, which was as follows : " Hear all men ! It is well known to your wisdom that no man hath any right of succession to this crown, unless I10 be elected for his own merits by the unanimous consent of the kingdom, with invocation of the Holy Ghost, after the manner and similitude of Saul, whom God set over His chosen people, though he was neither thu sou of a king, nor sprung of a royal lino; and in like manner after him, David, the son of Jesse : the former because be was brave, and suited to the royal dignity, the latter because he was humble and pious. So that he who surpasses all within the realm in fituess for royalty, should preside over all in dignity and power. But it any one of the family of the decon-ed sovereign should excel others, his election Bhould be the more readily aud cheerfully conceded. Wherefore, as our late sovereign Richard died without issue of his body, and as his brother Earl John, now present, is wise, brave, and manifestly noble, we, having respect botli to his merits und his royal blood, unanimously, and wir.h one accord, elect him to be our sovereign." Subsequent events proved that Joint was not quite sueh an estimable personagu us this speech would lead us to believe. Henry III. was crowned at Winchester in 121(1, London beiug in the possession of the French Prince Louts. He was compelled by tiie Papal legate, to do homage to the Holy Roman Church and Pope Innocent for his Kingdom of Englaud aod Ireland, aud to bind himself by oath to pay an annual tribute of 1 "Oil marks to the Papal See. His queen Eleanor was crowned in liRIG, and Holinalied gives the following account of the ceremony : — " At the solemnitie of this feast aud coroualiou of the quene, all the high peereB of the realm both spirituall and tempomll were present, there to exercise their offices as to them npperteiced. The citizens of London were there iu great arraie bearing afore hir in solemn wise three hundred and three score cups of gold and silver, in token that they ought to wait upon hir cup. Archbishop of Canterburie (according to his dutie) crowned hir, the Bishop of London assisting him as his deacon. Tho citizens of Lomlon served out wiue to everie one in great plentie. The feast was pleutif ull, so that nothing wauted that could be wished. Moreover in Tothillfields rniall justes wero holdeu by the Bpuce of eight daies together. Of the coronation of Edward 1. the same chronicler remarks : — " At this coronation were present Alexander King of Scots, and John Eirle of Bretaine, with their wives that were sisters to King Edward. The King of SeotB did homage unto ICiDg Edward for the realme of Scotland, in like manner as other the Kings of Scotland before him had doone to other Kings of England, aucestoures to this King Edward. At the solemnitie of this coronation there were let go at liberty (catch them that catch might) five hundred great horases by the King of Scots, the E tries of Cornewall, Glncester, Pembroke, Warren, and others, as they were alighted fro their backs." An enormous crowd gathered to witness the coronation of Edward II., and we aro informed that " there was such presse and throng at this coronation, that a knight, called Sir John Bskewell, was thrust or crowded to death " The bishopB did not fare much better, and they were forced to hurry through the service iu a very slovenly nnd di-orderly manner. A very curious medal was Btruck on the occasiou of the coronation of Edward III.: on one side it bore the effigy of the young prince, crowned, placing his sceptre on a heap of hearts, with the motto, J'opulo datjnra volenti (He gives laws to a willing people) : aud the reverse represented a hand held out to Bave a falling crown, with the motto, Non rapit, sed recipit (He seizes not, but receives). The coronation of Richard 1 L surpassed iu magnificence any of the piec.diug, and the usual procession from the Tower to West minster is thus described ; " The citio was adorned in alti-or is most rich lie. The water con duits rnn with wine for tho space of three hours ogether. in the upper end of Cheape was a certain castell, made with fouru towers ; out of the which castell, 011 two sides of it, ran fortli wine abundantly. In tho towers were placed foure beautiful virgins, of stature aud ago like to the king, apparelled in white vestures, in every tower one, the which blew in the king.s face, at hid approaching net-re to them, leaves of gold ; and as ho approached also they threw on him and his luirsoe counter feit Aureus of gold. When he was come before the castell they tooke cups of gold, and, filling tbem with wine at tho spouts of the castell, presented the Bante to the kiug and to his nobles. On the top betwixt the foure towers, stood a golden augell, holding a crowne iu his haudB, which was so contrived that when the king came he bowed downe, and offered to him the crowne. In the midst of the king's pallace was a marble pillar, raised liollow upon steps, on the top whereof was a great gilt eagle placed, under whose feet in the chapiter of the pillar, divers kinds of winu9 came gushing forth at fot-re several placed all the daie long, neither was anje forbidden to receive the Bame, were he never so poor or ablest." Henry IV. was crowned by Archbishop ! i'zilan on the 113th of October, lollfi. the atupii'la Iu inc first ciuployi d on this occasion. Tm' p -uL-us-i.ni was unusually splendid, and Friii.-s.irt gives tint following interesting account of it : — " The Duke (-f Lancaster left 1 he Tower t liis Sunday after dinner, on bis r-'turn to ,-st - linster ; lie was bare-headed, and bad round his m-i-lc the Order of .the King 01 Franco. Tiie I'-ince of Wales, six dukes, six earls, eighteen barons, aecompauied 1 i 111, an 1 then, were if kni-.'lits and other notiility from eight to nine hundred hnr.se in t in- pro, -os-ion. He p -ssi-d through the streets of Io.nd-n, which were all handsomely decorated with tapestries and other rich hangings: there were uino fountains in Glicapstde and other Btreets lie passed through that ran perpetually with white and red wines. The whole cavalcade amounted to eix thousand horse, that escorted tile duke from the T-'«er to Westminster." Tito eonuia'i -n of ILnrv VII. was not ch n-aeteri-ed hy anything special, but that of his queen, Eliz itietli, in I i-S7, was remark- aide tin account of tile procession by water from the palace cf Greenwich to the Tower, intend of from Westminster as usual. One of toe processional barges carried an extraordinary figure in tlio shape of a monstrouR red dragon, from thu mouth of which streams uf firegushed out into the river. Bluff 'King Hal may bo pasBed over with the remark that his coronation was cele brated with brilliant "justs nnd tournieH." which that monarch and his queen viewed from " a faire house covered with tapeBtrie." Of Edward VI., Holinshed informs its: " lie rode through London into Westminster with as great roialtie as might ho As he passed on the south part oi Paulo's Churchyard, nu Argosiue came from the battlements of Panic's Church upon a ca≤, beiug tnado faHt to an anohor by the Deane'p gate, lying ou his breast, aiding himself neither with hand nor foot, and after ascended to the middest of the cable, where he tumbled aud played many pretty toies, whereat the king and the nobles had groat pastimo." Wlieu at the coronation the three swnrda typical of the three kingdoms were brought to be borne before him, Edward re marked that there was yet one wanting, sod called for tlio bible. " That.," said he, " ia tin- sword of the Spirit, and ought iu all right to govern us, who use these for the people's Hafet.y by Qod's appointment. Without that, sword wo aro nothing ; wc can do nothing. From that we are what we are this day. . . . we receive whatsoever it is that we at this present do assume. Under that we ought to live, to light, to govern the people, and to perforin all our affairs. From that alone we obtain all power, virtue, graco, salvation, and what soever wo have of Divine strength." Mary was tho first female sovereign of this country, nnd sho was crowned on the 1st October, lo- ij. The Archbishops of Canter bury aud York both being prisoners in the Tower, tho ceremony was performed by Gardiner, Bishop of Winchester. As usual, St. Paul's Cathedral mado a considerable show on tlio day of tho procession, aud nuiongst tlio curious sights to bo witnessed was " ono Peter, a Dutchman, that stood ou the wnather-oock of Paulo's steeple, holding a streamer iu his hand of five yards long, and waiving theroof, stood sometimes on the ono foot nnd shook tlio other, aud then kneeled on his knees, to the great marvoll of nil pooplo. lie had mado two Bonffolds under him, ono about tho erosse, having torches and streamers set on it, and nnotlior over tho ball of tlio erosse, likewise set witli strenmers nnd torches, which could not burn, tho wind was so great. The said Peter had sixteen pounds, tlffrteon shillings, four penso for his costcs, nnd paines, aud all his stufTe." It is sniff that Queen Elizabeth composed the following prayer iib she wont to her eornonntion : — 0 Lord Almightie nnd ever- Insting God, I givo Theo most lioarty thanks IhatThou hast lieoiie so moreifull unto mo as to spare mo to behold this ioifull daie. And I acknowledge that Thou hast dealt wonder- fullie and as inorcifullie with mo as Thou didst witli Thy truo and faithfull servant Dauiell, Thy prophet, whom Thou deli- veredst out tho den from the cruoltio of the greedy and roaring lions. Even so was I overwhelmed, and only by Theo de livered. To Theo, therefore, onelio be thanks, honour and praise, for ever. Amen." James I. superintended the arrangements for his own coronation, wherein ho dis played many marks of the pedantry and extravagance which formed so prominent a feature in his character. He created two earls, ten barons, sixty-two Knights of the Bath, and conferred the honour of knight hood on no less than four hundred gentle men. His successor, tho ill-fated Charles L, was crowned twice — in 1G26 in England, and in 1GJI3 in Scotland. The Presbyterians having invited Charles II. to Scotland, he was crowned at Scone, January 1, 1G51. A very extraordinary sermon was preached on this occasion by " Master Robert Dowgias, minister at Edinburgh, Moderator of the General Assembly, from 2 Kings xi., verses 12 — 10." IIo delivered a bitter philippic against the parents of the young king, and went so far as to compare his mother to the wicked Athaliah. After the ceremony was concluded " tho minister spoke to him a word of exhortation," being, in fact, an oration of considerable length. The only incident worthy of note in con nection with tlio coronation of James II. is that, on the king's return from the Abbey, the crown tottered upon his head, and would linvo fallen off had it not been for the timely aid of tlio Honourable Henry Sidney, who hastened to support it, saying, "This is not the first, time our family have supportod the crown !" At the coronation of William aud Mary, the Bishop of London officiated instead of tlio Archbishop of Canterbury ; the latter objecting to place the crown upon the head of sovereigns who claimed it by a parlia mentary title, nnd not by hereditary descent. This was the first occasion on whicl.i both king and queen were crowned as sovereigns. Anne's coronation was a very prosaic affair, and tho actual kiss of peace was only given by Iter Majesty to the archbishop and other prelntes. George I. was not acquainted witli the English language, and very few of those near him know anything of German ; the ceremonies attending his ooronation had, therefore, to be explained to him, throngli the medium of such Latin as those aronnd him could muster. This circumstance gave rise to a jest which was very popular for some time ufterwnrds, to the effect that much bad language had passed between the king and his ministers ou the day of ooronation. Nothing occurred at tho coronation of George II. and liis queen Caroline to give any variety or interest to tho scene ; but a curious anecdote exists concerning thnt of his suc cessor, George III. Wo givo nn extract from the " Gentleman's Mngazino" for 17G4, which contain- tho copy of a letter addressed to the Duke of Devonshire: — "The Y'oung Pretender uimself v.-as in Westminster II , It during tho coronation, and in town two or tlireo days before und alter it, under tho name of Mr. Brown. A gentleman told mo so, who saw him there, and who whispered iu his enr, ' Y'our Royal Highness is tlio last of all mortals whom I should expoct to see here.' ' It was curiosity that led me,' said the otlior, ' but I nsstiro you,' added he, ' that tho person who iB the cause of all this pomp and mag nificence is tho man I envy the least 1' " When tho gauntlet was cast down by tho champion for the last time, a whito glove fell from one of tho speotators, who was in an elevated position. This was duly handed to the champion, who demanded to know " who was his fair foe?" It is said that the glove was thrown down by the Young Chovalier, who was present in feminine attire. In concluding this paper there remains one wish to be ottered — it is that many years may pass away before the occasion arises for our olironiclers to busy themselves with the par ticulars of yet another crowning I The bininrlace op False Retorts,— Canard too Castle, 