j VICTORIA. [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne. December 11. To-night brings us to the very sunimit of the p ilitical crisis. . Mr. Berry yielded to the gentle .pressure of his followers in caucus, and pro ceeded to get the payment of members business through the Assembly in the shape of a Bill. This was carried by 47 votes to 21 after two or three feeble efforts to alter the details— to exclude remuneration for the Council, to intro duce a system of payment per diem, to extend the term of the measure to the first session of next Parliament. The Bill is now in the hands pfi the Council, and the one great absorbing question is still ' What will they do with it T Oh this hang all the law and the prophets. Up to date opinions on the point are like the historical Mary, ' quite contrary.' An oracle of the National Keform League at a meeting last night told his audience in confidence that the division w'''d show a majority of four against the Bill. The Age is entirely in doubt, and concents itself with assuming an amusing air of unconcern as to the result. ' It is a very insig nificant question after all,' it assures the mem bers of the Council, ' and whether they pass it or, no they will still be called to account and jumped upon over the graver questions that remain behind.' The Argus is most urgent that the Council should pass the Bill. It thinks that they may be officially quite unaware of any insulting remarks in the Assembly orof any threats of !Mr. Berry's that he is keeping the required sum on the estimates for the Appribiation Bill in! case of accident. The Argus further puts it thlit the Council may consider that no principle is involved in the Bill before them, as ita opera tidn is to expire with the present Parliament, it being distinctly understood that the voice of thfe people upon it is to be asked at the nexi general election, yea or nay. If the Bill be thrown out it will of course mean the ship wreck of the Appropriation Bill, with all attendant woes. 'Better give in than risk all that,' say the moderates, 'particularly if ;' you cannot secure an overwhelming majority of non- contents.' The other party, including the few petitioners against the Bill, say . 'Stick' to principle, and let' the blood be upon the heads of the Uerryites, who have insulted you and would trample you and the Constitution out of existence.' The members of the Council hava no enviable posi tion. The eyes of the people are upon them, the gerieral feeling being that it would be impossible to Exaggerate the gravity of the results that hang on to-night's deliberations. It will be well for the Bill to pass, if for {one reason only — that the Assembly may cet into the cool region of recess. The atmosphere here has grown hotter and hotter, warming the anti pathies of several pairs of members up to fev^r heat. Over the resolution to agree to ithe- report ot the Elections Committee excluding Mr. Levien, some of the strongest language ever heard in the Hoosa was used. People outside are very much of the opinion of onelhonourablemember inside who characterized it as a ' shameless piece of injustice.' Another meihber said— 'The historian when he came to it Would describe it as a dark chapter in Vic torian history, in which hon. members, lost to a sense of right, did not hesitate to outrage common sense and take away the inalienable rigbjts of a constituency.' The thing must be pretiy bad when three (including Mr. Service) out bf the seven members of the now notorious Committee have vowed that they will never sit agaih, the result being that the second petition against Dr. Macartney is hanging fire for want of a| quorum. The Barwon constituency has taken an early opportunity to have its say on the ^subject. It objects to having a member (Mrj Ince) foisted upon it whether it likes or not. j In the long run Mr. Berry is sure to lose by the Levien transaction. It has disgusted even his friends. The Treasurer has passed a Bill to apply £100,000 out of the Eailway Loan Account to pay 'off a deficiency in the Inscribed Stock Account. For ence Mr. Service and Sir James McCulloch were found hand-in-hand in denounc ing the proposed shifting of the loan money. They both' agreed that such a course will be found damaging to the credit of the colony. The majority, however, agreed with Mr. Berry that it is ja mere matter of detail in account keeping, and the Eill was allowed to pas3. TUe noise of party strife was hushed and quieted for a brief season by the hand of death. The House adjourned on Thursday to show respect to the memory of one of the most re- markable men who has ever sat within our Parliamentary walls— George Paton Smith. Mr. Berry, as head of the Government, paid a graceful tribute to the departed, and he was ably followed by Sir James McCulloch on behalf of the Opposition. There must have been something of the real here about Mr. Smith. For two years he has manfully fought against a living death. His appearance was shocking. As he glided between the benches of the Assembly he looked like the ghost of a departed Maori. His face had grown black and corpse-like through jaundice. In spite of this, to the very last he continued his duties as a leading barrister, and as a politician he was found in the thick of the fight to within a few days of his death. He was a notable instance of a self- made man. He began his colonial life when quite young as a small linen- draper at Sandhurst. From that, in 1875, he became a reporter on the Argus, studied for the law, became editor of the Age and Leader, and was called to the bar in 1861. He entered political life at the time of the conflict between the two Houses in 1866, and in 1863 became Attorney-General for Sir James McCulloch, to whom he has ever since clung through good report and ill. As Attorney- General he had to taken charge of the corruption and bribery cases in which C. E. Jones, Hugh Glass, and others were implicated. His speeches on that occasion made a profound impression. From 1871 to 1874 Mr. Smith retired from public life for a time, and since his return his illiess proved a severe handicap. It did not prevent him, however, making several brilliant speeches. His forte was satire, under the incisive force of which he made the present dormant party writhe. His election contest with and victory over Professor Pearson made one of the leading events of last elections. He greatly offended the majority by stating, on the declaration of the poll, his opinion that the country at large would soon have reason to regret the choice the country had made. There were threats in consequence of his speech of a motion for his expulsion from the House. At the time of his death he had a notice of motion on the Notice-paper for a con- sideration of recent rulings of the Speaker. He was comparatively a young man at his death. Had he lived there was hope of his reaching the highest positions in the State. That he was the class of man we shall most need may be judged by two extracts from recent speeches and by contrasting his sentiments with our latest political developments:— These are things he said, speaking of facts which he had stated, " which men ought to consider when they gather round the stump for the purpose of applauding men who are willing to allow the lessons of history to go for nothing and the experience of the past to lie in the dust— whom no consideration of the past will deter— whom no considerations of the future will daunt— who care nothing for the future of this great country if for the moment they can carry with them, what is called public opinion, or rather popular applause, and vault into power by its agency. The time will come when this very question of the franchise will have to be reconsidered. I have no wish to restrict the suffrage, but the time will and must come when the exercise of the suffrage will have to be accompanied by substantial guarantees of respectability and in telligence." " It must be remembered that in the condition of society in which we lived we had cast ourselves loose from the shores of the older civilization, and there were no landmarks to guide us in the future. The future welfare of the country was in our hands, and its destiny to a very large degree. We were the pioneers, who would in a few years pass away, and a younger generation would inherit our position. He hoped we would leave to them, a nobler heritage— that we would bring them up with the knowledge of what English freedom and English constitutional government was." To fill the vacant seat an able ex-member, a Reading freetrader, has been chosen by the Opposition - Mr. Murray Smith, late member for St. Kilda, who lost his election for the present Parliament by one vote only. He is almost certain to defeat Mr. Knipe, the chosen of the loyal Liberals. The city received a shock by the news that another gentleman high np in the legal profes sion, and an older identity even than Mr. Smith j had died within a few hours of the latter'st decease. Every one knew 'poor old Judge Pohlman,' as he hss been familiarly known of late years. He came to the colony in 1840 and began to carry on his practice as a barrister. ' In 1845 he entered the public service as a Com missioner of Insolvent Estates, becoming after wards County Court Judge, and later on Acting Supreme Court Judge, an office he held till shortly before his death at the age of 66. For a short time he was a nominee member of' the Legislative Council, but made no special mark in politics. Hia Honor was a quiet, reserved, demuro-looking man, noted chiefly for his free- handed benevo lence to poor and distressed of all ages and classes. He lived very quietly, nearly his whole income going into public and privateEcharities. He was an active adherent of the Cnurch of England and a member of the University Council. He lived single for nearly 20 years after the death of his first wife, when he married again under somewhat romantic cir cumstances, bis choice falling upon his young and rather pretty housemaid. The death of his second wife in 1876 caused him great grief and hastened his end. He was dotingly fond of his) little girl, the sole survivor of his family. It was a well-known eight in the city to see the small child hand-in-nand alongside the tall quaint-' looking Judge, with his old-fashioned suit and broad-brimmed hat. In legal circles a flutter was felt as to the,vacant Judgeship, but it is undertood that the Government will take the opportunity to effect a saving. Judge Barry is expected home shortly. Steps ! are being taken to do him honour by having a i full-length statue of him for the Public Library. , ; He has sat for the purpose to the celebrated; ? sculptor Woolner. It will be a well- deserved distinction, as no one has been more indefati gable for the best interests of the colony than ~ the worthy and portly Judge. . ? It is rumoured that Mr. Brough Smyth is about to be reinstated in a high Government ; appointment — not the Mines. Mr. Henry Varley has supplied the sensation ' of the week. Following the example of Dr. Somerville, he held a meeting at the ? Town Hall 'for men only.' The expectation of nasty details drew a large crowd of nice men and boyi. The subject dealt with — viz., the social evil — was spicily treated, and occasion was taken by the speakers to venture on Beyeral ticklish, topics akin to it. Since the meeting Mr. Varley has been the talk all over the place, and the most filthy and disgusting things are freely passed round as what he 6aid in his address. Some members of the City Council have felt bound to interfere to prevent Mr. Varley ever getting the Hall again. On his application being refused, he has advertised that his speech will bo published in full. His admirers say that his address was manly, to the point, and judicious,. ' ( with the exception of one or two blots, Versions- , of these blemishes tom away from the context . ' are what have set the scandal afloat. His chief mistake was in dragging in the relations of ; ' husbands and wives. This, particularly in the presence of boys, was simply unpardonable, whatever the motive may have been. The Argus correspondent from Brisbane tells a- \ ' norrlble tale ' of a somewhat similar mistake ' . ' '. by Dr. Somerville at a women's meeting. The- i moral seems to be to evangelists and others that the Christian religion does not require such suggestive developments as advertised meetings ' for women only ' or ' for men only.'' '.'?', BCSH FlRB ON THE CAN0WIE EUM.— Mr. W H. Baker, of Yongala, informs us (states the BurraNews) that an extensive bush fire was raging on the Canowie Eun on Wednesday, ? December 12. It broke out between 12 and 1 o'clock, and spread rapidly over about two miles of country. The inhabitants turned out and succeeded in getting the fire under, otherwise tile consequences would possibly have been very serious. As it is, there is no damage done beyond the burning of the grass. Oysters at Poet Aegusta.— Captain Lind say, of the steamer Governor Musgrave, informs us that while repairing buoys at Middle Bank, which is above Point Lowly on the way to Port Augusta, he came upon a very large quantitygof oysters, which had attached themselves to the buoys. In all probability there is a natural oyster bed in tho vicinity. [From Saturday's Evening Journal.'] Eestoeation of the Cable.— The Superin tendent of Telegraphs has just received the following message from Port Barwin :— ' The steamer Edinburgh has been spoken, and is making the final splice. Mr. Gott, the Manager of the cable at Port Darwin, expects to speak Banjoewangie in about an hour. Poet Augusta Eailway.— The ceremony of turning the first sod of this .railway will be performed shortly, probably by His Excellency the Governor. A party of members of Parlia ment and others will probably be taken to Port ? Augusta by steamer. St. Peter's CATHEDEiL.— We understand: ?, that His Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne will preach the Consecration Sermon on the occasion ' of the consecration of St. Peter's Cathedral. The Caeanbihis.— These favourite artistes appeared at the Institute Hall, Port Augusta, ? on Monday last, to an overflowing audience. Madame Carandini and her talented daughter were well received, while Mr. Cecil Forrester,. , the facial artist, caused much amusement. Th& Oarandinis are now appearing on the Area»» Their agent is expected in Adelaide shortly to ? ^ make arrangements for final concerts during the Christmas holidays. Adblude Pouch Coust— At the City Police Court on Saturday , morning two defendants were fined 5a. each for drunkenness, and a boy, charged with bathing in the Eiver Torrens within sight of the Adelaide Bridge, was dis charged with a caution. Ihdiah Fahike Eeuhf Fukd.— This Fond1 . now amounts to £10,715. As there are still Beveral hundred subscription lists still out, thcre= is little doubt that the total sum will reach over £11,000. AHOTAL IhEFECTIOK OF POET ADELilDa— The annual inspection of Port Adelaide by the Town Council will not take place on Saturday,, December 15, as previously arranged. The date. ? will be fixed at the next meeting of the Council.. BazaAb at Noeth Adelaidi!.— On Tuesday and Wednesday last a bazaar was held in the- ' , Primitive Methodist Chapel, North Adelaide, in aid of certain improvements which aro__ needed at the Manse. Tho proceedings were opened by the Eev. E. Masterman. The ladies who had charge of tho stalls were Mesdamea Turnbull, Canning, A. and G. Wright, S. Wilson, and Bickle, and the Misses Secomb, Diment, Trevaills, Curtin, Bickle, and Masterman. The proceeds amounted to £82. f-g 