MONTHLY SUMMARY FOR THE MAILS -*? »%ss33£sn£s;ird for de8pateh OUR LETTER HOME. ? ♦ ? . ARRIVAL OF BISHOP PARRY. Z*iuirtr & Commercial Hew Offioe, Pkbth, WJL, June 12. 1877. Thk principal event of the month baa Men the arrival from England of the Right Rev. Henry Hutton Parry, D.D., lord Biahop of Perth, together with Mrs. Parry and family. The Hastings, by which venal they arrived, was signalled off Carnae on Friday morning, the 25th ult, bat the prevailing light winds preven ted «fkejr landing before the following ?mfclg, between five and six o'clock. His lordship, on landing at Fremantle, was ?pnducted to St John's Church, where a thanksgrnftgaervioe was held, after which \- the following address of the parish ioners, signed by the chaplain (the Rev. D. Gryn Watlrins), the church wardens, and vestrymen, was read and presented to bJalordship :— On behalf of the parish of Fremantle we welcome your lordship amongst us. We gladly avail ourselves of the opportunity of uniting wj&h; yoor lordship in thanking God in this H* -House for mercifully keeping you m ?sfoty on yoir jowney and preserving you and those win you from the perils and dangers of the ass. During the many years that our former revered Chief Pastor administered thk Diocese we felt more and more the advantage of a resident Bishop to the Church and the colony. During the many in mini that have jstnrri away since Biahop Hale's departure that feeling has grown stronger. In your prolonged experience of colonial life we gladly see a good promise that yon will be enabled, by God's Messing, to guide the Church in this colony wisely and well through every difficulty and danger which may beset it. We thank your lordship for the efforts you have already made to promote the in terests of the Church in this parish. Once more we bid you welcome ; and we pray that the Father of Lights may fill you with light and wisdom, and enable you to discharge the duties of the holy office to which in His Providence you have been called, to the advancement of His glory and the good of His Church. His lordship made a brief and appropri ate reply. A number of gentlemen, including Sir A. P. Burt (Chief Justice), Sir Luke Lsake (Speaker of the Legislative Council), tiie Very Rev. Dean Gegg, and Mr. J. G. Lee Steere, M.L.G., who came to Fremantle to receive his lordship, then accompanied him to Perth, where be was driven, with Mrs. Parry and his family, in His Excellency's carriage, to Government House, at which he will remain a guest until Bishop's House is ready for his reception. The following day — Trinity Sunday— his lordship attended Divine service at St George's Cathedral morning and evening, preaching on each occasion. foV'tg his morning text from 2 Cor. zdiL 14, and in the evening from Rev. iv. 8 — part of the Epistle for the day. At the dose of the Morning Service the ceremony of his lordship's enthronement took place in tfce form usually adopted, the Very Bar. Deaa Gegg receiving his lordship at the front of the chancel, and then, the Bishop knenling, the Dean proceeding with the following prayer : — V. 0 Lord, save Thy servant Henry Hutton, our Biahop. B. Who potteth his trust in Thee. V. Send him help from Thy Holy Place. R. And strengthen him out of Zion. V. Let not the Enemy prevail against him R. Nor the Son of Wickedness approach to hurt him. V. Be unto him, O Lord, a strong tower. R. Against the bee of the Enemy. V. Lard, hear our Prayer. R. And let our cry come unto Thee. O Lord God, Father Almighty, Who of Thine unspeakable grace alone hist, given this Thy servant Henry Hutton to be the Guardian and Ruler of Thy Church in this Diocese : Grant him, wa beseech Thee, by the Grace of Thy Holy Spirit, fitly to discharge the Ministry of this his office before Thee, and worthily to govern the flock entrusted to him, to the glory of Thy Holy Name, through Jesus Christ our Lord.— Amen. Goat, O Lord, we beseech Thee, to this Thy aaranionr Bishop, that in preach ing, and induing those things that be right, he by the example of his godly life, nay teach the souls of those committed to his care, and finally may receive the reward of eternal life from the Chief Shepherd of the flock, Jesus Christ, our Lord, Who liveth and reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost one God, world with out end. — Amen. The Biahop then handed the documents testifying to his consecration and' appoint ment to Win. Knight, Esq., Registrar of the Diocese, who placed them in the hands of the Dean, by whom was read aloud the letter of appointment from the AwhWahnp of Canterbury to the Metro politan whop of Sydney. The Biahop then made the following declaration and promise, repeating the same after the Dean : — L Henry Hutton, by Divine Permission, Biahop of Perth, do hereby promise and [declare that I will respect, maintain, and defend the rights, privilege*, and liberties of this Cathedral Church and Diocese, and will rule therein with truth, justice, and charity, not larding it over God's heritage, bat showing myself in all things an example to the flock. So help me God. The Dean then took the Bishop by the band and conducted him to his Throne, I, Joseph Gegg, Dean of this Cathedral Church of Perth, assign to thee, Reverend Father in God, this Throne or Episcopal Seat belonging to the Bishop in this Cathedral Church, and I induct thee into . the corporal and actual possession of the Bishopric of Perth, with all its rights and apurtensnees : wherein may the Lord Jesus Christ preserve thy coming in and thy going out from this time forth for evermore. — Amen. Then was sung Hymn 160, after which the Morning Service was continued, the Bishop preaching, and celebrating the Holy Communion. On Tuesday, the 29th alt, the Standing Committee of the Diocesan Synod pre sented an address of congratulation to his lordship at Government House, of which the following is the text : — The Standing Committee of the Synod of this Diocese, composed of an equal number of Clerical and Lay members, have now the gratification of addressing your Lordship ; and without disparagement to the welcome with which you will be greeted by the several parishes of the Diocese we do hereby offer our respectf jI and hearty congratulations on your safe arrival, conveying in something of a repre sentative mannor, in equal proportions, the sentiments of the Clergy and Laity throughout this Diocese. And we are glad so to appear before you ; for our experience has taught us, happily by successes more than by failures, that unity of sentiment in these two elements is naaontinl to the true progress of the Church. As the executive body of the Diocese, administering newly-framed statutes and organizing in some measure a system new in its independence, we meet with difficul ties and foresee difficulties that without our intervention will soon obtrude themselves upon your Lordship's notice ; but we are able with thankfulness to say, what you will learn with gladness, that to a very gnat extent the Clergy and Laity of this Diocese have made common cause, and have worked in happy union. Repre ssnting both orders, we are able to claim for neither the happy stage that lies beyond improvement^ nor even that which escapeB heavy partial discouragement* ; but we can claim for both the desire to do right and to do it in the strength of union and co-operation. As the Trustees of Church Property, as an Executive Com mittee, and as a Court of Appeal upon many points left open by our Btatutes, we have much care and responsibility resting upon us. The inadequacy of the income of the See, the difficulty of providing means for the establishment of new Chaplaincies where the need is urgent, and above all the uncertainty attached to the provision for a future Ministry, are questions that press anxiously upon the Committee, and we are cheered to know that we shall have in our' President, God sparing us, a Biahop of long and tried experience. In regard to' that weighty subject, the sustentation of a succeeding Ministry, while we are warned and stimu lated by the almost despairing struggles of more than one sister Diocese to repair the improvidence and apathy of the past, we are cheered by the fact that while the Imperial Government has placed a limit to its pecuniary obligations (namely, the duration of the ministrations of the present Chaplains,) the Colonial Govern ment, more directly and deeply interested in the religious welfare of the colonists, has come to no such determination. We pray that the Gracious Head of our Church may endue you with all wisdom to rule the Church of England in this Dioceae, and give you to see through many years the increasing fruitfulness of this portion of our Master's Vineyard. The following is his Lordship's reply : — I return you my most sincere thanks for the congratulations which, as a body representative in some important respecte of both the Clergy and the Laity of this Diocese, you have so heartily offered me on my safe arrival amongst you. I cannot but feel how differently circumstanced the Church in this Diocese is at the present time from what it was at the time of the arrival of your late valued Bishop among you as your first Bishop. It has passed from a condition of entire dependence upon the Civil Legislature to one of self government, and in part already of self support. That such a transition should involve many riiffi«nffa*«« and anxieties difficulties and anxieties that have especi ally come home to yourselves as the Executive body of the Diocese — I can well understand from my own experience in another portion of the Colonial Church. I entertain however no doubt but that, under the gracious guidance of the Great Head of the Church, the advantages of this change will far outweigh its disad vantages. Already, I am most thankful to learn, it has evoked a spirit of hearty union and co-operation between the Clergy and Laity of the Diocese. Such a spirit, I feel with you, is a main essential to the well-being and progress of the Church. Ton may be assured of my own earnest endeavor to promote this unity of spirit to the utmost of my power in aU p&rts; of the Diocese. I congratulate yon on the pro gress that has already been made by you, uvder the wise direction of your bite Bishop, in matters of internal organization. In dealing with the important questions that you refer to as yet remaining to be settled, and in giving full effect to the machinery already established, we may well pray that He Who hath begun a good work among us will continue to guide and prosper our counsels and endeavors. In regard to one especially of these questions, the 'tPVT)t'*T-ivf¥- in the future of the Clerical staff of the Diocese, it is a great advantage to us to be assured of the con tinued aid, so long as such aid may be really necessary, of the Colonial Government. It is in a soirit of much hoDefnlness for the future of the Church in. this Diocese that I have accepted the call that has come to me in God's good Providence, altogether unsought by myself, to undertake its guidance and. oversight. Most earnestly do I join you in praying that the Great Head of the Church may endue me abundantly with grace and wisdom by which to fulfil aright the duties thus devolving on me, and grant me through many years to witness the increasing prosperity and fruitfulness of this portion of His Vineyard. In the afternoon a parishioners' meeting was held in the Town Hall to present an address of welcome to his lordship. There were present on the plat form, besides Wig Lordship the Bishop, His Honor Sir A. P. Burt, Chief Justice, in the chair ; the Very Rev. Dean Gegg ; the Ven. Archdeacon Brown ; Mr. Wm. Knight, Registrar of the Diocese ; the Hon. A. O'G. Lefroy, Sir L. S. Leake, the Revs. Geo. Sadler, Sweeting, and Coghlan ; Messrs. J. G. Lee Steere and Geo. Glyde, M-L.C.'s ; and Messrs. E. A. Stone, G. B. Phillips, S. H. Parker, F. Lochee, G. Knight, Haynes, Loton, Bullen, and Kenworthy, and a large number of other leading citizens, including the church wardens and vestrymen of St. George's Cathedral. The attendance was good, every chair in the Hall being occupied, and a large number of ladies and gentle men being seated in the gallery. A few minutes after four o'clock Dean Gegg announced the purport of the meeting, and invited the Chief Justice to the chair. After the Dean had invoked the Divine Blessing, His Honor the Chief Justice addressed His Lordship the Bishop in the following words : — I nave cheerfully taken the chair at this meeting, convened for the purpose of conveying to Your Lordship, on behalf of the Lay members of the Anglican Church in the city of Perth, the great satisfaction we experience on the arrival among us of Mrs. Parry, yourself, and family, and in the words committed to my charge I will now publicly speak forth our heartfelt welcome : — We, representing the Lay members of the Cathedral Church of this Diocese and of the city of your See, at the desire and request of those attached members of the Anglican Church, approach you as our Bishop and Chief Pastor, and with respect and heartiness we cordially welcome you among us. We should be sorry to be understood as arrogating to ourselves an undue position from our connec tion with the Cathedral and the Capital — we cherish the truth that we are but one part of an undivided whole ; yet we trust that we are not wrong in assuming a special interest in your settlement in this land. Others, to the utmost practical limits of this Diocese will, we are persuaded, soon feel the happy effects of your impartially-rendered zoal, and be the common object of your Episcopal care and affection ; but as a fre quent Teacher in our Cathedral, as a Friend and example in our social life, as a spiritual Father and Guide in our midst, we have indeed a special, though not invidious, interest in our new Bishop's arrival. Perhaps that interest would be less keen, and even our welcome less heart felt, if we had not known first the presence among us for years long, — and that yet seemed too short at their close, — of a jeloved Bishop, truly a Friend, Guide, and Father in our midst, and since — for an interval that seemed long — the depriva tion of that presence. Because we have realised the blessing of an earnest single-minded resident Bishop by long enjoyment, and more recently from our loss, we welcome with unfeigned warmth and thankfulness, and with a satisfaction special to our central position, your settle ment in this See. We would not conceal, were it possible, the natural anxiety we felt when Dr. Hale resigned this Bishopric as to the Chief Pastor who might be appointed to succeed him. We were anxious, and could easily have been made querulous. When, then, we learnt, not from one, but from various sources, private as well as official, that God in His good Providence had provided for us one who in a long experience had shown like devotion to his Master's work, and who would come to our shores followed by like regrets and prayers, the tidings were not simply a relief, but a source of devout joy and thankfulness. The statement of this knowledge will, we trust, testify to the sincerity and depth of our welcome. The past half century has, from all Jre learn, drawn into much closer and happier union in the mother country, not only Bishops and their Clergy, but Bishops and Laymen at large, to the great increase of religion and eeaL In these colonies there has happily never existed that difference between the Shepherd and his flock. Muoh of this may be doe to the peculiar circumstances of young and struggling communities. Yet we owe the close and happy union of Chuich meu, which has been the result, not less to the wise choice of men sent to preside over the Colonial Church in the various Dioceses. May God of His great goodness more and more closely unite us under your kindly rule. May He grant to you a long and eminently useful Episcopate, and in the health and happiness of Mrs. Parry and your family give you ever cause to look tack with feelings of unmixed satisfaction upon your settlement in the See of Perth. Read and presented at a meeting held at the Town Hall, Perth, on Tuesday, the 29th day of May, one thousand eight hundred and seventy-seven, by me, Akchd. Paull Burt. His Lordship then rose and read the following reply : — I thank you very much, my fellow Churchmen, for the very cordial welcome that you have given me to this city and Diocese, which is especially grateful to me as coming from those who inhabit the Cathedral town and constitute the con gregation of the Cathedral Church. I feel of course with yon, that all 'parts of the Diocese claim alike my Episcopal care and affection. But I look upon the Cathedral Church and town as in fact the heart of the Diocese, the natural centre of its life and energy, capable of exercising a power ful influence for good upon the whole Diocese. If here the standard of Christian worship, and teaching, and conversation is a high one, we may hope that it will be so throughout the Diocese. The spiritual life that is active and healthy here must circulate to the extremities of the body. In all therefore that concerns the life and well-being of the Church in this city and parish I must take a special interest. It will not indeed, I fear, be an easy matter to me, succeeding to one so much esteemed and beloved amongst you as was your late Bishop, to come up to the high standard which he has accustomed you to expect in your Bishop, both as a Teacher and as an example of Christian life. On the other hand it is no small advantage to me to find that the respect and esteem of all has already been conciliated by him to the Bishop's office and character ; and I trust that grace will be abundantly given me from above to walk in his steps, and to carry on in every way wisely and faithfully the work of which he has so well laid the foundation. The events of late years have, as you rightly intimate, led the Clergy and Laity, of the Church both at home and abroad to a truer estimation of then relative duties and responsibilities, and drawn them more closely together in mind and work, as in reality constituting one body. I rejoice to learn that it has been so here. I trust that under the continued guidance and blessing of the great Head of the Church it may be so more and more as time goes on. Mrs. Parry joins me in thanking you heartily for your good wishes for our health and happiness and that of our family, in this colony. We trust to make it the home of tile remainder of our days, and to find in it a sphere of useful and happy work both for ourselves and for those belonging to us. That God may indeed abundantly bless my Episco pate to the real good of the Church of this Diocese and to the furtherance of His work in this colony is my own most earnest prayer and desire. The proceedings then terminated by Bishop Parry pronouncing the Benedic tion. On Tuesday afternoon, 5th instant, the address of the Clergy of the Diocese, as follows, was presented to his lordship, signed by the whole of the Clergy : — Right Reverend Father, — With feel ings of devout thankfulness to Almighty God for the safe termination of your long voyage, we the undersigned benenoed Clergy in your Lordship's Diocese welcome you as our Bishop. Not too remote to be wholly unaffected by the anxious questions that agitate the Mother Church, we have, besides, many difficulties and trials peculiar to colonial Clergy (and some of which in their magnitude are special features of this Diocese) such as render the presence of a resident Head and Ruler most necessary to to our personal comfort and to the success of our ministerial efforts. The great area of our nominal cures; the unavoidable isolation of many amongst us, debarring us from the frequent intercourse and conference with each other that in more thickly-peopled dioceses the Clergy find so cheering and advantageous ; the complete and remote seclusion of so many families included within the limits of several of our Parishes, rendering all public means of grace impracticable and aH educational training frequently as hopeless ; and above all the terrible uncertainty that yet over hangs our Diocese as to the means of supplying and supporting the Ministry of the next and succeeding generations; — these all involve practical and trying questions, such as enhance in a tenfold degree the value of a resident Bishop, to whom Clergy and Laity alike and together can look for sympathy, guidance, and help. Yet while we confess that our difficulties and necessities make your Lordship's advent in an especial degree welcome, we would not cloud that welcome by anything that might seem to lessen upon your interest and affection the claims of a hind that we love and of people that we more than gladly serve. If there are trials and difficulties they are closely linked with many causes for thankfulness and hope. We own no ground for despondency, but next to Divine Blessing and Help we need chiefly that union in our efforts and direction of our endeavours that in Christ's Church we believe a Bishop's office designed to give, and which experience from apostolic times proves it capable of giving. In the increase of Clergy, in the formation and consolidation (as far as was then practic able) of new Parishes, in the erection of Churches and Parsonages, and in a multitude of things that affected the comfort, the happiness, and the success of individual ministers, Bishop Hale made it manifest that a Bishop's work under the Divine grace and favor was a real power and a common blessing to Priest and People ; and the knowledge that your Lordship has had a long and honored experience in Episcopal labors gives us the glad assurance that our Beloved Church will with fresh vigour and increased unity go forward in the promotion of God's glory and the salvation of souls. We will not further trespass upon your Lordship's attention than to wish you, Mrs. Parry, and your family health and happiness in your new home, and, to your Lordship, God's constant blessing upon your labours. The following is the reply : — My Reverend Brethren, — It is a great satisfaction to me to receive from you as the Clergy of this Diocese so hearty an expression of your thankfulness for my safe arrival amongst you as your Bishop. I have as yet indeed almost everything to learn as to the real nature of your work, and of your respective spheres oi labour. I feel, however, that the work in which 1 have come to take my part here with you is at once a very arduous and a very important one. Arduous and full of anxiety it must necessarily be, in many ways, both from the extent of country over which your cures extend and from the scattered ffh tractor of their population. That it ib at the same time most important there can be no doubt, considering not merely the moral and spiritual interests of its present colonists and inhabitants, but how much the work now being doiie by us must influence the whole future of a colony with vast capabilities of growth and prosperity, and there is no saying what opportunities of furthering God's work in the world in times to come. Coming amongst you at a time when by the with drawal in part of Government aid the Church is being throwu on her own resources for the extension of the minis trations of religion to parts of the colony as yet unprovided for, and muoh uncer tainty is felt as to the means by which the maintenance of the Clergy who shall be your successors at your present posts is to be secured, I rejoice that you already see cause for thankfulness and hope, rather than for despondency, as to the future. In those feelings I myself confidently, share. I am satisfied from all that I have already heard of the people of this colony that, if we ourselves are faithful to our high trust, we may reckon upon their ready sympathy and support in all good works. I feel sure too, that, whatever outward changes may befall us, if we be earnestly and unitedly set as a Christian Church to do our Master's work, He will set before us an open door to more work which none shall shut I must know much more of the circum stances of the colony, and of your work in it, before I can venture to offer you any practical advice as to the discharge of your duties. All that I can at present do is to assure you of my earnest desire and resolve, God helping me, to aid you in those duties in every way in my power, as your late valued Bishop did, by my sympathy, and counsel, and personal service. Differences may exist amongst us in our modes of thought and work, and even in our views on some religious questions; but it will be given to us, I trust, to be all of one mind in seeking to fulfil aright the Ministry that we have received of the Lord, to His glory, and to furtherance of His true faith and love in this land. I ask your kindly construction of my own motives and actions, as well as your cordial support and cooperation, in my discharge of the duties of my high office amongst you ; and I pray God to grant that that office may continue in my hands to be as fruitful of good to the Church of this Diocese as it was in the hands of your late beloved Bishop. Thanking you much for the wishes that you express for the health and happiness of Mrs. Parry, myself, and our family in our new home, I remain, your faithful brother in Christ, — Henry H. Perth. In the evening a public welcome was accorded to his lordship and Mrs. Parry in the Town Hall, at which the whole of the clergy of the various Protestant denominations in Perth, Fremantle, and Gufldford were present, and a large con course of the laity, numbering about 800 persons. The entertainment took the form of a The-Concert, the trays being presided over by ladies of different religious persuasions, and the choirs con sisting of members of the Church of England, Wesleyan, and Congregational denominations. Grace having been sung, the clatter of the cups and saucers com menced, and after half-an-hour's fa«*ing at tables loaded with choice patisseries, the chairman, Mr. E. A. Stone, rose and said that it was scarcely necessary to remind those present of the circumstances which had brought them together that evening. It was to welcome Bishop Parry aud his family on their arrival amongst them. The vast assemblage present would share the heartiness of that welcome in another manner than that of Jrinlring his lordship's health in a bumper ; they had partaken of ' the cup that cheers but not inebriates,' and he would now ask them to accord three hearty cheers for Bishop Parry, fa-Ung the time from him. This was effectually done ; loud and deafening were the cheers ; aud as hearty a response was given to a call for three cheers for Mrs. Parry and one more for Master Parry. His Lordship then rose and heartily thanked his Christian friends for the very kind welcome that had been accorded to himself, Mrs. Parry, and their family on this the first occasion of their coming amongst them in Perth. They came here with a feeling that this was to be then home for the rest of their lives, wherein they looked forward to be very happy and useful. With regard to himself, his lord ship was determined, under God's blessing, to devote the remainder of his energies in the furthering of God's work. He had already received several kind addresses of welcome, and he was happy now to recog nize a general welcome from the inhabitants of Perth and its immediate neighborhood. His lordship felt that his especial interests must be with the Church of England in this colony, over which he had come to preside. He had been given to under stand that many of those who were present were not members of his own Church, and that many of the ministers and friends belonging to other denominations had been invited to meet him. While grate fully acknowledging the welcome he had received from others, he did not mean to say that he did not hold distinctly t - the principles of his own Church, fie felt sure that those of other denominations would not entertain any real respect for him if he did not express his desire to stand on the principles of his own Church. He felt that it would have been a much happier thing if he had found there were no religious distinctions of any kind existing here, but that all were as one brotherhood, one family. It was Christ's intention that there should be no schism. No one who looked carefully back at the history of the Church would fail to see that the divisions which had taken place were owing to the great and grievous faults of the Church in past times. Under God's blessing great good had been wrought through the religious instru mentality of other bodies. He thought we should be going contrary to God's teaching if we failed to recognize the good that had been effected outside the pale of the Church of England by our Christian brethren of other denominations. TTia lordship's feelings were these : As Church people we were called upon and bound to uphold the distinction of our own Church. He exhorted the members of his Church to act in a spirit of love, aud to set an example in all good works that their Christian brethren of other denominations might follow. Meanwhile he asked all present to join in praying God to gather in many souls, and in piayer that as there is but one Lord, one God, one Voice, one Spirit, we may become united as one Christian body in Christ Jesus (hear, hear). His Lordship then addressed himself more especially to those of his own Church with reference to the contemplated improvements to be executed in the Cathedral Church by the substitution of colored windows in lieu of the present ones, and excused himself for mentioning the subject at a meeting that was not called for Church business. He had endeavoured to select the windows ordered, but he thought the parishioners should try and do something to improve the character of the building (hear, hear). He was glad to hear that there was a strong feeling on the subject — a strong wish that something more should be done. God's House ought to be the best in the plaoa ; we ought not to live in houses erected with taste, and then to be satisfied with the unseemly building we had wherein to worship God. We should select the best positions for our churches ; they should be the best-built edifices ; and our offerings should be the best. His Lordship recommended that steps be taken at once to improve the Cathedral, or to commence the building of a more suitable church. He had had an account of a meeting once held on this subject put into his hands by tho Dean. In excusing himself for calling attention to this point, he felt that we should not oulyaek God's blessing upon our efforts but our chief concern should be to make our religion centre in our church work. His Lordship thought it was not necessary to expend a huge sum on a Cathedral Church. In speaking of a Cathedral he did not intend such a building as might be seen in England, but a good church on the model of an English parish church, which ought not to cost much ; a beginning might be made, and a small sum, say of £2,000, at once raised, would be sufficient to carry on the work. His Lordship, in accepting the call to this diocese, stated that it was unsought by himself; he did not know that it was vacant until so informed by the Archbishop of Canterbury, who asked his acceptance of the See. After heartily thanking those present for the welcome that had been given him, his Lordship expressed a hope that he had found here a home for the rest of his life, and that it would prove not only a sphere oi great iumfnlngM, but of great happiness to himself and his family. He then resumed his seat amid loud acclamation. The songs of welcome which were rendered by the choirs of St. George's Cathedral and Wesley Church, assisted by some of the singers of the Congre gational choir, consisted of concerted pieces and anthems. Sir Henry Bishop's glee « Hark ! Apollo strikes the Lyre ' was the first animating piece. It was well rendered and sung in excellent tuna A trio, ' Mark the merry elves,' followed, in which Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Stone and Miss Leeder sustained their parts welL ' The cause of England's greatness' — the Bible —one of Hatton'sgems, was greatly appre ciated as sung by Capt Wilkinson. The audience were not satisfied with one rendering of a duet by Mr. R. W. Hardey and Mr. W. G. Johnson, entftled Pulaski's Banner ; and on each occasion of its being sung it was loudly applauded. ' All among the Barley ' then followed, and was sung with great spirit and animation. This brought to a close the first part of the programme, which was chiefly sustained ?y the members of the Cathedral choir. The anthem 'Happy beyond description' was well sung by the members of the Wesley choir; the trio between Mrs. H. Arnold, Mr. R. W. Hardey, and Mr. Halliday, and a duet by Mrs. Cooper and Mr. Hardey being excellently rendered and the chorus being in unison. The Church of England choir then sung another anthem, ' Awake, Awake, put on strength,' which was followed by another, ' We sing His love Who onm was slain, ' by the Wesley choir, and in which a trio, sung by Mrs. Cooper, Mr. Hardey, and Mr. Jas. Haliiday was very effectually rendered. A solo — ' Resignation '' — a plaintive melody, was exquisitely sung by Miss Stone, whose expression and pathos made this song the gem of the evening. The Gloria (Mozart) and the anthem ' Lord dismiss us ' brought the meeting to a close ; after which the united choirs sung the National Anthem, and the pro ceedingB^terminated. His Lordship preached at St. John's, Fremantle, for the first time, on Sunday last He purposes making a tour of the country districts as soon as possible. 