QtilPS AND CRANKS.—No.CIV. PHANTASMAGOEIA. Spin us a yarn. This was spoken by some one in a silent whisper, and in an unknown tongue. While I was sitting on the apex of meditation thinking of nothing, the sudden shock coming with the noise of a 'oad thunderclap threw me off my legs. I looked up and saw the ghost of a long-defunct memory staring me full in the face—spin us a yarn—and then like'the echoes of a mad choiDS from the lunatic asylum to the halls of scirnce dinned in my ears while they were swimming just above the waters of my own tribulation. This terrible demonstration dxove me three-quarteis frantic, and for thq other quart-: r I seized a bottle (a quart) from the upper story. and swallowed. tne whole— fetory—that just qualified me for the yarn. I thought to begin-somewhere about the end of eighteen hundred and seventy-six and go backward in the history of the future. For that purpose I went and, boiight A few fathoms OE yarn from a ropemak&y; with the intention of tying my hobby to a post in King Williain- strecA,,-. .. when I was. accosted.by the three well-known professional- mediums Brown, Jones, and Robinson. They said there had been a dark seance acted somewhere this side Pandemonium, down in the lowest regions .of malice and slander, so we went upstairs down into the - cellar of a public purveyor, thinkifig to find there certain spirits that would make the manifestations X wanted, and for that we hadnt to wait long. Every bottle in the place" burst with a thousand horse-power of explosion^ and a wild ^md weird . - : incantation followed.' ,Red and blue ruin had ' ' a dance of death round ji piper cauldron, and into it were PJ).'s, imps of all,colours,,dressed in all styles of fashion, putting inflammatory stuff from which the fuibes of brimstone evaporated enough to poisop a stoic or a salamander. r. , I saw by the aid of, a pair bf ;double-distillea > . spectacles thewritiiga on a iminber of T^a&tetp; u put in-7-'f !IYuthlffFictiiBtf' , —« Law of iajja,"^-';" a "Rumour Smothered*—"Public Opinion—*' fc papers jsigned V.—^affidavits—sentence?-—fin impris6miLents, &c.;—Kut on the last pa]>& o thrown in— "Purity of JurispffofaQce" — yie 'imps, which had now multiplied t to tbfi*rifiaTin fe burst out into one stentorian laugh^! I .was roused, and waking np found myself lying tinder my own table with a newspaper , in my 1 haW—spin us a yarn—hereit is—, .. "- ( ^ . KABXACL " THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.—It seems probable from the tenor of tiie telegram published in another column . that : a peaceful solution of the diluted points as to the election of President of the United States may yet be arrived at. The whole question has been.referted to a tribunal consisting of members of the Supreme Court and representatives from both Houses of Congress. As our readers will have learnt , from the very full account given in the letter of our American Correspondent, which we published yesterday, there are several points involved which will require the nicest discrimination, and we may assume that the appointment on the tribunal of members of the highest standing in the legal profession is an evidence of a desire that the dispute should be decided on its merits. The great danger, of course, is as party feeling has been so thoroughly roused that if the decision is adverse to the Republican candidate the large numbers whose position will be affected by it may try to stir up the people to resist the award of the tribunal. We hope, however, that a true judgment may be given, and that it will be accepted by the country as a settlement of the question. THE WHABFS AT POET ADELAIDE.— We have had several complaints made to us lately of the inconvenience and danger arising from the want of proper regulations as to the storing of goods at the wharfs in Port Adelaide. The wharfs are private property, and neither the local Corporation nor any other public body appears to have any control over them. Timber is often stacked so as to be dangerous to life and limb; and in the dry hot weather of summer there is considerable risk of fire from the carelessness of passing smokers. Of course it would be unwise to impose any restrictions which would be a serious obstruction to trade; but it seems to us only fair that the Port Corporation should have the power of making such By- laws for the protection of the public as they deem necessary. It would be better, too, that this power should be entrusted to them rather than to the Marine Board or the Government, because it will be to their interest to do nothing which would interfere with the trade of the Port; and on the other hand it is only reasonable that they should have the right toguardthe property within their jurisdiction from injury or destruction. In most large ports we believe such a power is vested in the Corporation. We should hope the. Port •Corporation will seek to obtain the necessary authority as soon as possible, and it will then not be a difficult matter to frame regulations which win sufficiently protect the public without interfering with the rights of the owneis of the wharfs or crippling the trade of tntt Port. THE LATE EXAMINATION OF TEAQGGSB^^ month has now passed since the exaininati(m-o£ candidates for certificates under the Council of Education, and the results have not yet been communicated to those anxious expectants whose future career is dependent on the vferdict of the examiners. This does not speak well for the administration of the department. It is very hard for people to be kept so long in suspense upon a matter of such vital importance to them, while as the schools throughout the colony are now reopened it is dearly bad management that those whose qualifications were tested a month ago have not already received their certificates aind been enrolled to begin their new work with the commencement of the year. THB PEOOF OF PUBITY.—Having made a strict and careful analysis of the Idmejuiee Cordial manufactured by A. M. JJickford & Sons, 19, Hindleystreet, I hereby certify that it is in every respect a. pure unadulterated article, perfectly [wholesome, and containing eminent m«Hc8irial properties most; valuable In an Australian climate. I do not find a. trace of any Mineral Add or other deleterious compound. Its constituents exhibit purely the essential elements of the lime Fruit combined with sugar. I can highly recommend it to all as the purest and mostwholesome cordial introduced to the public.—I remain, Gentlemen, (rounBreSMclfaHj, Asnnmr XHOMAB, F.C.3. 