NEWS OF THE DAY. In conseqnence of so many persons leaving the city for the various sports and other amusements, it has been deemed advisable to omit the early edition of Tub Heiald on batnraays ; and to-day, therefore, and on each succeeding Saturday, unless some ex ceptional circumstances occur on that day of the week, there will be only one edition of this journal, and that will be published in the city about half-paBt three o'clock, The correctness of the information on which Tiib Herald Home months since con tended that the breadatuifs market was abnormally inflated by the operations of speculators is now self-evident. Floor was then quoted at £17 and £17 10s per ton, and it was Bbown in these columns that the figures were not justified in tho face of the large stocks on hand both in town and in the oouutry, the last harvest having yielded a small surplus in this colony, while there was a largo quantity available for export from other places, Gradually the specula tors have been compelled to yield to the inexorable force of facts, and now flour is quoted at £12 16s and £12 17s 6d, with every prospect of a farther reduc tion. It is generally accepted as a fact that with flour at from £12 10s to £13 per tou, the bakers can well afford to supply the 41b loaf , at fid. The present price is 7d,, but we presume that, in the face of the price of flour, and the certainty of a further reduction, the bakers will in a few dayB announce a further reduction in bread. Snoh an intimation would ho particularly welcomo to house keepers now that meat is so dear. It is almost needless to remind our readers that to- morrow is Hospital Sunday — the one Sunday in the year sot apart, by general con. Bont,BB a day on which tho publio will recog nise the claims of the various oharitieB to their assistance and support. The movement ip by no means of a religious charaoter, although the collections in aid of the funds always take place in all the places of wor ship on Hospital Sunday. To-day tho movement commences, this being Hospital Saturday, when working' men and others are invited, on receiving their week's pay, to set apart a portion of it for the relief of the sick, tho blind, tho lame, the poor, tho orphan, and the widow. In Melbourne, hitherto, this invitation has been well re. sponded to, and no doubt the results this year will be far in excess ol previous years' totals. To-morrow, in the chnrches, liberal collections are expected ; bnt in view of the large number of persons in Melbourne who are not habitual church- goers, other arrange ments are being made, so that none who moveontside their own doors shall fail to moot with the opportunity of giving thoir mite Mr Williams, tho secretary, has arranged that collecting boxes, shall be placed at the Botanical Gardens, the Acclimatisation Society's Garden, Boyai Park, and at ijthe gates of tho General Cemetery. A service, at whioh the Bishop of Molbourne will officiate, will be held at the Town Hall at 3 p.m. The Sandrldge Artillery Volun teers hold a church parade on tho Hallway Pier at the same time. Mr Varley will hold a people's service at the Town Hall in the evening at 7 p.m. Mr T. P. Hill has commenced an action in the County Conrt to recovor £250 damages from Dr Neild, for malicious pro secution in having, about two months ago, caused him (Mr Hill) to be summoned to the District Oourl and bound over to keep the peace towards Dr Neild. The case will be beard at the next sittings of the court; Mr J. F, Glennon, who recently resigned biB position as first assistant teacher in the Sandiidgo State School, has succeeded iu obtaining a parURWonlfiry hoard qf inquiry 'U his cose. It will be remembered th at owing to circumstauces that were of tho most unusual, not to say unjust, nature, Mr, Glennon felt that the only courso left open to him was to resign, Since then oilers to withdraw the reflections upon him and to reinstate him have been made ; hut Mr Glennon considered that nothing but n full inquiry would meet the case, and tliereforo elected to take the inquiry, whioh will commence on Wednesday next at Sand- ridge. What might have resulted in a serious collision nearly took place at the lower or Pier Station, WilliamBtown, early this morning. On the departure of the 7.15 a.m. train, up journey from that station, some three or four trucks were found to be in the net of being shunted right across tho passage of that train. Had it not been for the prompt ex ertions of the engine-driver and guard in shutting otf steam and applying the breaks instantly, no doubt a serious collision would have occurred, and probably loss of life to travellers would have to bo recorded. Edward Irving Wallace, tho old man who wsB so brutally assaulted last week by one M'Dowell, who was then a constable, but has since been dismissed from the force for the oflenco, has called upon us in reference to his ease, It will be remembered that M'Dowell wob ordered to pay £15 damages to the old man, bnt it now turns out that he is without any money, and that the unfortunate victim of the assault stands no chance of recovering the damages awarded to him for the injuries he sustained. He has been in the hospital suffering from the effects of the assanlt, erisypelas having set in. Now, however, be is suffi ciently well to bejdischarged, although still an out- patient, bnt, unfortunately, he is destitute and without friends. We shall be glad to take charge of any donations which tho charitably disposed may send for the tem porary leliof of Wallace. The question arises whether in such an exceptional case tho "contingency " fund of the police force might not be laid under contribution to tbo extent of the damages awarded by tho City Benoh. Several gentlemen, who bad the opportu nity afforded them of being presont at tho ball given by tho Mayor of Footsoray last night, bavo determined to arrange matters lhat.Bome sort of return should be given to that gentleman for his hospitality, A meet ing has been convened for Tuesday evening next, when matters will be discussed, whether a return ball, or some other pleasure shall take place, in which all in the district may contribute townrds their appreciation of the first undertaking of the kind held in that district. Patrick Donovan, who waB reported to tho WilliamBtown police some few days since as misBing from the Bhip Salamis, and who was Buppoted to have been drowned, is now, from information received, alive and well in the sister colony, Sydney, with other shipmates. He, it appears, thought it advisable to take an overland trip, and waBseon on the road to that port. At the City Police Court this morning two- dirty, unkempt, and ragged I lads were brought before the bench on a trifling charge of theft. The magistrates upon the benoh, Mr Wilton being the presi dent, expressed their disinclination to send the boys to gaol, and suggested that they might be sent to the Industrial Schools, A certain court official advised the bench that the lads would not be received. " How so," said the benoh. " Oh," replied the official, "they are not gentlemen's eons, and the room in the schools is required for children of persons who can afford and should bo made to support their off spring." The prisoners were discharged. The ladies of Williamstown held a bazaar in the Presbyterian schoolroom last evoning in aid of the funds of the local Benevoleat Association, The room was filled with visitors and purchasers of the very excellent stock of useful and ornamental articles which loaded the various stalls. A feature of tho evening wss a special performance, which was designed from the plans of Messrs Dirks and Peppor, of the London Polyteohnio, and executed by Mr Maclean. Tho arrangements were excellent, and the ghosts produced were as natural as the most imaginative spiritualist could desire. Mr D, A. Thompson played the fiesh and blood character of the piece, and Mr D, Harcourb gave his valuable services as prompter and director. The bazaar re- opens to-day, and the ghost perfor mances will prove an extra attraction for this evening. Mr Maurice Brodzky has issued in a pamphlet form a historical sketch of the tw Melbourne synagoguos, to which aro attached sermons preaohed by tho Bev Dr Jaoobson and the Bev Moses Bintel. The little work contains a great amount of information of a most interesting nature to the Jewish com munity, and tho author has placed it before his readers in a most readable and attractive form. Mr Varley, after his tilt at the Bev Mr Strong, has been lecturing the religious world on another point at several of his late meetings. He sayB he ascertains that a very large number of professing Christians go eveiy Christmas to hear the oratorio of the Messiah, and this fills him with horror, be cause be looks upon that oratorio as an iu- lamonB burlesque, and it would not be > urprising if fire came down from God, and consumed all who listened to it, Mr Varley has also been very urgent in his appeals to ihe sisterhood to " burn those feathers," but i hey have not commenced yot. It haB been left to the billiard antiquarians o give this account of their game, They ay that it is a pawnbrokers' game, and that a gentleman in that financial profession, named William Kew, invented the game of billiards about the middle of the 10th cen tury. During the wet weather ho was in the habit of taking down the three balls, and, with the yard measure, pushing them, bil liard fashion, from the counter into tho Btalla ; in timo the idea of a board with sido pockets suggested itself, f All tho young men greatly recreated thereat, chiefly tho young clergymen from St PawleB, houco ooo of yo strokes was named a caunon, having been by one of ye Baid clorgyman invented. Thisgamo is now known by ye namo of Bill-yard, because William or Bill Kow did first play with his yard measure. Tho stick is now called a kow or 'kuo,' " It is easy to comprehend how " Bill-yard" has boon modernized into billiard, and tho transforma tion o "kow" into "cue" is equally ap parent, Mark-her or marker arose from tbo dutio o fa Bontinel who had to look out for wifo who objeoted to her husband's absence, and sought him out — he was called hence Mark-her. Let it bo premised that the Mayor of Geolohg is a rank teetotaller. Tho Goelong Advertiser says : — His Worship the Mayor rated the police soundly at the Police Court yesterday morning for not enforcing tho provisions of tho Licensing Act with reference to tho sale of intoxica ting liquors on Sunday. A youth was brought before the Bench oharged with drunkenness, the evidence Bhowing that tho offence had been committed ou Suhday last, Tho Mayor ascertained that the polico had made no enquires in order to discover whero tbo liquor had been obtained by the defen dant, and tben said that complaints had been made to him, moio particularly by residents in the eastern end of tho town, about the police allowing the traffic in drink to be carried on on Sundays, It seems that. the police have some diffidence in interfering in the matter of Sunday trading, inasmuch as they consider it is tho duty of the In spector of Public Houses to bring offenders to book. Before this point is definitely set tled, it is not likely that thero will be any general observance of the Act with regard to Sunday trading. With respect to tho alleged sale of a child at Maryborough to a Chinese, tho Standard says : — It appears that a young girl, living a few miles out of Maryborough, had au ille gitimate child, tho father of which was a Chinaman. The father of the child having left, there was every likelihood that the infant would become a chargo upon the A W«lMvdb Chinese storekeeper, tearing of the circiltosiauGeS, kindly volun teered to adopt the stray waif, on condition that he had tho sole chargo of bringing It up, and not be subjected to annoyance of its mother. An agreement to that effect was drawn up, duly signed and witnessed, and nn ordinnry'oase of child adoption was com pleted, and that is all, Tho Geelong Advertiser relates that passengers by tho coach from Hamilton to Dunkeld were submitted to great annoyance on Thursday by foul smells arising from part of the coach. The causo could not be discovered for a long time, when, ultimately, it wbb found in a jar containing the stomach of n young mnn named William Francis Aukctcll, who died Bnddenly at Hamilton on Tuesday night. There woro doubts ss to tho cause of AnketoU's death, the doctors disagreeing ns to whether it was epilepsy or poisoning, 'An inquest was held on Wednesday, and adjourned until the 12th Novomber, in order to hnve tho contents of tho deceased's stomach sub mitted to tho Government analyst in Mel bourne. The jar containing the stomach was placed in the soach, and hence the objection able smell, As soon as the cnuse was found out tho passengers took outside Beats on the coach and faced the stormy nnd rainy weather. To whom does it refer ? Tho Melbourne correspondent of the Ballarab Courier writes : — Some curious rumors are afloat here respecting the financial position of a gentleman who has recently been making large investments, and who has hitherto been credited with being one of our very wealthiest citizens. This iB bad enough, but unfortu nately there is still worse behind, for it is further stated that the financial difficulties of this supposed millionaire have affected his mind to such an extent as to render it neces sary to place him under a certain amount of restraint, At the annual meeting of the Yarra Yarra lowing Club, held at the Bull and Mouth Hotel, Bourke street, this week, teu trial four crews were selected, viz. . — Purse (stroke), WeekB (No, 3), Allen (No, 2), Cooko (bow) ; O'Neil (stroke), Oullen (No, 3), Bobs (No. 2), Sands (bow); Holloway (stroke), rhornhill (No, 3), Johnson (No, 2), Brooks (bow) ; Oorris (stroke), Wilson (No. 3), Crowe (No. 2), Grant (bow) ; Kortlang DOUUJf O Jf OUUtiriOB INU. ZJf Ward (bow) ; Brown (stroko), Tait (No. 3), Deehan (No. 2), Gunn (bow) ; M'AlliBter (stroke), Chalmers (No. 3), OhalmerB (No. 2), Lee (bow) ; Betberas (stroke), Fitzgerald (No. 3), Curtis (No. 2), Scott (bow) ; Faulk ner (stroke), Buckley (No. 3), Grant (No. 2), Short (bow) ; Temple (stroke), Taylor (No. 3), Ekins (No. 2), Dowling (bow), The English act which forbids members of Parliament to enter into contracts or other financial arrangements with the Govern ment, is nearly one hundred years old, and waB passed in the 22nd year of the reigu of George the Third. Becently in England a member of the House of Commons was obliged either to resign his Beat or give up a very lucrative contract which the firm of which he was a member had entered into with the British Government, He chose tho latter alternative. At the Emerald Hill Police Court to-day, two boys, named Hngh Gallagher and Wo, Colquhon, were charged with having, on the 26th nit, stolen six white feathers and fifteen black plumes, the property of ThoraaB B, Burrows, soft- goods warehousemen, Swanston street, Melbourne. The things were Btolon in Emerald Hill, on the day named, from a box in the back of a wagonette used by Mr H, Bedfern, a commercial tra veller in the employ of Mr Barrows. On tho same evening the prisoners sold tho feathers to another boy named Charles Carter, the bod of a contractor, living in Thistlethwaite Btreet, Emerald Hill, for Is 2d, and divided the proceeds. Carter's mother gave the things np to the police. On the 15th inst, Constable Stewart arrested the prisoner Colqnhon in Little Collins street, and on the 17th apprehended Gal lagher in Sandridge. They gave different versions of how they became possessed of tho feathers. The stolen things were valued at £2 10s. The parentB of tho prisoners were in attendance and on their behalf elected to have the case summarily dealt With, Colquhon was fined £3 and Gallagher, who hod been previously convicted, was ordered to be imprisoned for three days, and tben to be sent to a reformatory for twelve months. One of the moat enjoynble evenings spent in Footsoray took place in the Town Hall laBt eveniug. The occasion was Mr Or Newell (mayor) inviting a great number of the residents, and) friends from ad jacent boroughs, to enjoy a ball and supper provided by him to celebrate his second year of office as head of that now flourishing borough. Fully some 250 hnd accepted tho invitea received, and not one'had the slightest cause of regret at being present at the firBt mayor's ball given in that district. Dancing commenced punctually at nine o'clock to a first-class band, provided by Mr Q . H. Smart, who also acted as M.O. in his usual firat- claBS satisfacrory manner, and which tended to make the company so agree, able during the many hours that the terpi- schorean art was indulged in. A oarto de clause, comprising some thirty dancos, was gone through, which kept the majority of tho company until tho early hours of morning had arrived, Mr Hoelskiu, of Mel bourne, was the cateier, and, as nsual, the tables were laid with that care and attention that not tho most fastidious could in any way fln.d tho slightest flaw. Tho whole of the rooms attached to the Town Hall wero occu pied in one way or t'other — refreshment rooms, card rooms, smoking roomH, and dressing rooms being fully prepured for Rnd availed of at times when the.taBtoB of as sembled guests required their use. This is the only time that the building has been used since its erection, whon a similar gathering, though not so nnmerous, as sembled to inaugurate its opening, Tho usual loyal and ether toastB were given and responded to by inviteB present, Tho prisoner Graham, oharged with break ing into the jewellery shop of Messrs Soott and Son, of Hamilton, and stealing thore- from watches and jewollory to tho valno of about £800, lias been remanded until next court, ns there appears to be a chance of recovering tho wholo of tho stolen property, wborosB only one watch has yot been dis covered. Tho faot wsb made known by our (Speotator) report of tho proceedings in tho Circuit Court, but further particulars may now be given. It appears tho prisoner, boing aware that a reward of £60 was offered for tho recovery of tho stolon watches, offers to disclose tho spot where the ®i,„i the plunder is planted? provided pratf tion is abandoned and he receives £4n?' take bim out of the colony. Howewr ing this offer, it is one thnt cannot be eutor tained, because the doing so would amount to compounding a felony. The DrU cannot bo compelled to criminate hiS and the owner of the stolon property has tl ' consolation of knowing that his ml watches are as safe as the Dutchman? 1 anchor, which could not bo said to be lost9 I becauBo everybody knew where it was-,?. ' I at the bottom of tho sua. > | At the Hotham Police Office to-dav n 1 man jrmed Bichard Caster was charged with ' dryrderly conduct in the 6 "tmt i YWterday evening about nine o'c, thi. prisoner who was under ih. < ny.uence of drink, had an altercating 5 w»h his wifo and struck her. A m,£ i l$r of boys collected on the acm ' and the accused drove them off - I pursued them with an axe, bnt did not strike any of them. The prisoner was arrested bv th» police and charged with having aaaanlu 7 . his wife, but the latter declined to prosecute ' On the chargo of disorderly conduct, he fined 10e, or three days' imprisonment, : ,, Mr John Kerrigan, despatch clerk ot i the Treasury, within the la3t two I years, has succeeded in converting the grounds around tho Treasury buildings from a dcBcrt waste into a bloom ; ing parterre of lovely and sweot-ainellinir" flowers. Ihe roses especially are particu : larly choice, and reflect great credit upon Mr Koirigan'seoleotion and care. The wholeof the shrubs and plants were placed in the gnrdon referred to at the private the cost of gentle- man montioncd who is evidently a ardent lover of lioriticuUure as well as bcinv practical gardener. The Melbourne correspondent of the dee. long Advertiser writes Barristers aro at preterit "out ot luck," aa it were, Thev com plain thnt there is a total absence of "litiga" tion, and wonder, no doubt, amongst themselves why persons do not differ, so that they might reap the benefit of their differences. Temple Court appears deserted S and while seniors have alwnys somethiiif to i rely upon, 6omo of tho juniors will, irTnll ; probability, soon have cause to regret having espoused a profession which — although honorable— is fur from being profitable, The Bendigo Independent says To day ' the Mayoi ftEnouneen furlhef BUbseriptimy received on account of tho famine fund. The fund in Sandhurst now amounts to £S8 10s 3d This amount is yet very smnll, and compared with nearly £1000 collected in the proverbial ' -Sleepy hollow," namoly, Geelong, looks des picably mean in comparison. We trust that Eome of our wealthy reetefs and farmer will come forwurd with cheques in proportion to their means, and that the numerous class not so well possessed of the world's goods will give to tho best of their ability, The London Christian World, by the last mail, devotes many pages to letters on the question of everlasting punishment, as raised in the WeBleyan Conference. The editor states that he received sufficient letters to fill more than a whole number, all from members of Evangelical Churches, and ex pressing their disbelief in evei-fsatilig punish, ment, maintaining that scripture does uot warrant it at all; The published letters in- elude several from Wesloyan local preachers. It appears that Dr Osborn, who led off at the Conference in support of tho orthodox view, was instrumental, many years ago, in sending forth a doctrinal circular to the Wesleyan Ministers under authority of conference, and they all had to sign it. The result was tho I Iobb of 100,000 members of the Wesloyan \ Church, almoBt at one blow. A correspondent of the Christian World says that if a similar circular wore sent round on the question of j everlasting punishment, there would be just i such another uwoop, and he dares the con- i ference to issue another circular. I 