BIBLE CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE. The ministers and representatives composing the first Bible Christian Conference assembled in Young-street Church on Wednesday, at 2 p.m. This being the first Conference of the Bible Christian Church in this colony, considerable interest was manifested in the formation and proceedings of the said meeting. There was a time when the highest Court of the Church in the colony.was a quarterly meeting.. After some time a district was formed, and an annual district meeting held. The need of self-government has .been felt for some time, and the English Conference was asked to form the Churches in the colony into a separate and independent Conference. This being duly granted, the colony was divided into four districts, and the respective meetings held preparatory to Conference. On the previous day the General Connexional, Trust Debts, and Stationing Committees met to prepare business for the full Conference. The meeting was opened by the Rev. • T. Piper giving out a hymn and the Rev. T. Hillman engaging in prayer. The Conference was then formed, the following ministers and representatives sent by their respective District Meetings answering to their names:—Revs. T. Piper (General Superintendent), J. Way, J. Roberts T. Allen, J. Ridclift, T. Hillman, J. Trewin, J. Foster; W. Richards, J. Rock, J. Stoyel, R. Lang, O. Lake, R. Kelly T. McNeil, W. W. Finch, J. Raymont, and J. Dingle. Messrs. E. Gould, W. Still well, W. Lewis, J. Roberts, W. Polkinghorne, W. Ridgway, W. Taylor, J. C. Burton, J. Cooper, F. A. Haynes, and Dr. Campbell: A few of the members appointed had not arrived. The meeting then proceeded to the election of President: The Rev. T. Piper being the only nomination was most heartily and unanimously elected. ; On taking the chair the Rev. T. Piper was greeted with loud and continued applause. He said he had no speech prepared to deliver, hut , would congratulate them on the first Conference gathering of the Church in the colony. They were now an independent body, with power to pianage their own affairs apart from extraneous interference. The past year had been moderately successful. Some Circuits -had realized much • prosperity, and others had suffered much through removals and other causes; but the increase more than made up for ihe decrease. The - finances were in a very satisfactory state. Perhaps never before in their history as a Church were their finances better sustained. . The circuits generally were in a prosperous state, and the Connexion was evidently growing in the esteem and confidence of the public. Among the many subjects that would claim their attention pne of the foremost was the providing more substantial and commodious edifices for public worship. In many places sufficient importance had not been attached to this,- department, and the neglect had resulted in -heavy debts and unsuitable . buildings when superior ones might have been erected with very little extra cost. Another" subject demanding attention was the more careful training of young men to occupy their pulpits. In other spheres of life men needed training in order to efficiently discharge their "duties, and . this was imperative in jthe high and holy work of preaching the Gospel. He thanked them for the confidence they had reposed in him in electing him as their President, and hoped his year of office would he one of great prosperity. The Rev. T. Hillman was then elected Secre-; taiy, Revs. J. Stoyel and W. Richards Journal and Duplicate. Secretaries, Rev. R. Kelly Corresponding Secretary, and Revs. T. McNeil and J. Raymont Reporters to the Press. The hours for meeting were then fixed at half-past 9 a.m. to 12 o'clock, and from 2 p.m. to 5 o'clock. In the evening the Rev. Thomas Hillman preached the Conference sermon, taking as his text Acts xi. 24. He informed the congregation that the Rev. J. Hancock, of Bowden, haa been appointed to take this service, but his recent severe affliction had prevented him doing so; under the circumstances he would do his best. He spoke first of the religious and ministerial character of Barnabas—" A good man, being full of the Holy Ghost," &c.; The Divine Spirit was the fountain of light and love, and to be filled was to be taken full possession of by this Spirit. Secondly, the close relation between this character and success in the work— " And much people," &c.; They not only joined • the Church, but were led to the Lord. This was the highest success that a minister could have. His preaching was something more than an intellectual treat—it. led men to. the. Lord. If we had similar goodness and faith we should most certainly succeed.; The sermon, which was a clear practical discourse, lasted about 40 minutes. At the close. of the sermon the .sacrament of the Lord's Supper was administered to the members of Conference and- others connected with the Church who remained by invitation of the: President. 