THlE BERESFORD APPARITION. " Onio night (Lady Beresford, wife of Sir Tristrom, is the spoeker), when Sir Iristram and I were in bed, I awoke suddenly from a sound sleep, and found to my hlorror Lord Tyrone sitting by my bedlside. I screamed ouit, ' For heaven's sake, Lord Tyrone, what brings you here at this time of night?" ' Have you then forgotten our promise ?' said he, in a manner of awful solemnity. 'Did we not mutually engage to appeaonr to each other after deatl ? I hnavnjust quit'ed the world, and am now permitted to appear to you for tile purpose of assuring yeu of the truth of revealed religion, and that it is the only one by which we can be soved. I am further suffered to inform you tlhat you will in due time give birth to a son, that you will become a widow andi marry again, and that you will die on your forty-seventh birthday-' "' Good heavens,' cried I, 'cannot.I pre vent this?' " ' Yes,' he replied, 'you are a free agent, and can prevent it by nbstaining from a second marriage. Hi;lierto you have had no trials. More I am not permitted to tell you, but if, after this warning, you persist in your infidelity as regarEids religion, your lot in another wvorld will be mnost miserable.' "' May I not ask,' said I, 'if you are happy ?' "' Haind I been otherwise, said le, 'J should not have been allowed to appear to you "' I may then infer that you are happy ?' Hle smiled. ' But how,' said Ir, ' when the morning comes, shall I know that your appearance before me has been real, ansil not the more phantom of a dream ?' "' Will not the news of my death con vince you ?' "'No,' I replied; 'I might have had such a dream, andl that dream might nac cidentally become true. I wish for some stronger proof of its reality.' "' You shall have such,' he said thien, waving his hand, the crimson velvet led curtains were instantly drawn through a large iron hoop, Iby which tihe tester if tile bed was suspended. ' In thiit you cannot be mistaken; no mortal arm could have perfornmed this.' "'True,' I replied. ' but asleep we some times possess munch greater strength than awake. Although I could not have done this when awake, I might have done it in my sleep, and I still lhave doubt.' " He then proceeded to write his name in my pocket-book, which was lying on my table, remarking, ' You know my hand writing.' " ' Nevertheless,' I said ' thloughll I could not imitate your writing when awake, I mighlt do so in miy sleep.' "' You are lhiard of belief, indeed. I must not touch you; it would iljure you irreparably. It is not for spiritual bodies to touch mortal flesh.' "' ?I do not regard a small blemish,' said I. "'You are courageous wpoman,' said he. 'Then hold out your hand.' lie touched my wrist. H1is hand was cold as ice! In an instant every sinew and nerve shrunk, leavring an indelible mark as if a pair of red hot pincers had griped me. "'Now,' said he, ' let no mortal eye while you live bhlold thiat wrist; to see it would be sacrilege.' He rose from his seat, walked a few steps from the bed, and laid his hand on a bureau which always stood in the room. 'In the morning,' Ihe added, when.you behold this, you will find another proof that what you have seen and heard this night is not an idle dream, or the mere fancy of your brain.' "He stopped-I turned to look at him again-Ite wad gone. "During the time I had conversed with him, my thoughts were perfectly calm and collected, but tile moment he had departed, I felt chilled with terror, a cold perspiration came over me, and I endeavoured in vain to awake Sir Tristram, in order to tell what had occurred' In this state of terror and agitation I lay for some time, until a flood of tears came to my relief, when I dropped asleep. In the morning, when I awoke, I found that Sir T'ristram had got up without noticing anything that had lhappened during the night. On rising, I found my pocket book lyia in its usual place, with some penoil marks inside, whichl I knew at once to be in the handwriting of Lord Tyrone. I took a piece of black ribbon and bound it tightly round my wrist, which presented the appearance of lhaving been scarred and burnt during the night; and then, turning to the bureau, I obseived tile ipl'ession of a man's hand deeply burnt into tihe' lid. I was ovsercomte withl agitation, and on desoending to breakftst the hIorrors of the night had left such tokens on mty countenance, that my husband naturally iuqulred after my health, and what had happened to distress me so much. " Quieting him as well as I could, I in formed him of these two events. First, that Lord 'l'yrone hadt died on the preceding night; and, seconld, that I sooauld in due time give birth to a son. Sir T'ristram kindly desisted from any further importui nities. A few hlours later proved the truth of the information respecting Lord T'yrone's death, by a despatch from his steward con firming the painfuhll news." 