SOLVED BY THE SPIRITS. A 3?AIiE, By Macbice F. Mybdletok. Chapteb V-—" Pakturtukt mohtes." That night Mr. Hartingdon wended his wayl home alone. The rain was still deluging the 1 streets, and the wind stall continued unabated.1 The street which lay in the direction of Mr. Hartingdon's house was almost deserted, there being only a few passengers discernible on the pavement, and not more than two or three cabs hurrying to and fro. . Now the reflection on the sloppy pavement from the coloured lamp sns: pended over the. entrance of some alluring gin palace would be passed, and now the steady glare issuing from the window of some confectioner's shop, whose contents would be arranged in as tempting a manner as possible; but Mr. Hartingdon observed them not. He was too deeply absorbed in pondering over what he had heard at Frank Desdon's house during the early part_of .the.evening. As he was passing the Town Hall,-the clocks in the sombre looking tower chimed 9; but the.loud, reverbe rating sound ^of the chimes fell upon, his ear unheeded. - One subject was Tunning uppermost in his mind all the tame, which was detracted | from its regular current neither by the striking -j of the hour, the . deafening shouts issuing from ; the public-houses that lay in his path, nor the rambling peal of thunder that now broke in the distance. That subject was—how should he secnre the, reward bf £500 ? At length lie reached home, and instantly re paired to the drawing-room, where there was a cheerful fire blazing. The room, like the streets, was forsaken, the inmates of the honse being in another part of the building. Drawing an arm chair to the fire, and placing his'feet in the fender,' he took down a long' clay pipe that hap pened to be lying, on the. mantelpiece, at which he puffed desperately, and continued his medi tations. What whs the best course to pursue at the present crisis? he asked himself. How could he most easily secure the reward of £500—secure it so that no one save himself should participate in it ? Should he play false to the arrangement that had been made; with Frank that night and execute the search warrant by himself, or at least with, one of his subordinates? Yes, he could easily do that by procuring the warrant on the following morning and acting upon it without delay. And then the prize would be his—Ms ! But what if the money was not there ? "What if Mr.' Boythorn had got wind of the affair and had removed it to some other place of concealment? And, what, moreover, if the disclosure of the spirits should, after all, turn out to be nntrue —foundationless—a mere invention? This was certainly not altogether improbable, for had not Frank admitted without hesitation that represen-; tations emanating from the spirit-world were not necessarily true ? This might be an untruthful communication, then. Perhaps it would he best, after all, to cariy out the arrangement properly, and search the Post-OfSce cellar in company with young Desdon, because he would at least have the satisfaction of knowing, if the affair proved a canard, that hs was not the only one who had been fooled. Besides, to do this would not in the slightest degree interfere with his claim to the reward, for would not the searching party be under his control and supervision ? Yes, he would carry out the arrangement in all its integrity. Me was not the man to deal like a double-faced villain in a trivial matter like this. There was such a tiring ashononr, and he would let people see that amongst the Hartingdons, at any rate, whatever might be the case with others, this virtue was not altogether extinct 1 With this solacing reflection Mr. Hartingdon knockedthe ashes oat of his pipe, and, early hour as it was, went to bed, where he soon lost himself in a land containing nothing but bags of .money, labelled " £500 Bewabd," all of which were in tended for himself when he should restore the stolen property to the proper authorities. Ho difficulty was experienced in obtaining the wished-for warrant to execute a search on the premises .of, the Post-Office, and on the following Tuesday morning, true to the appointed hour —11 o'clock—Mr. Hartingdon, accompanied by the private detective, to whom reference has been made in the early part of this story, waited upon Frank Desdon, search-warrant in hand. The interim appeared to Mr. Hartingdon as three weeks instead of merely three days, so eager was he to commence exploring the well which was reputed to contain the lost treasure. Frank, who had been kindly granted leave of absence from his clerical duties that day, received ~ the Chief Constable and bis satellite with no smothered expressions of welcome, and telling Pollie that he would return home within an hour, or a couple of hours at the most, he put on his hat, and the trio then sallied forth in the direc tion of the Post-Office to put the statements of the defunct Mr. Bexborough to the test. It was a fine, clear day, very different from the preceding Friday when such a violent storm raged. Scarcely a word passed the lips of either of the party during the few minutes that elapsed ere they reached the Post-Office; Mr. Hartingdon and Frank were too eager and excited to trust themselves to give utterance to their feelings, while the detective, who appeared to be in no wise interested in the objeet of the expedition, after venturing to affirm that this was fine weather and would do a vast amount of good to the country,- to .which Frauk mechanically assented, concluded that conversation was out of place there, and stoutly resolved to preserve the strictest silence till such time as he was called upon to speak. J Arrived at the Post-Office, the trio presented themselves before Mr. Boy thorn, and were re ceived by that worthy with unconcealed astonish ment. What could have brought tbem to his office,^the Postmaster asked himself." ' He was not left long in a state of dubiety!. Mr. Hartingdon forthwith explained -that from infor mation he had received he felt it to be a matter of paramount duty to execute a search warrant j (which, he might observe by way of parenthesis, j he held in his hand at that moment) on the premises of the Post-Office that morning. The particular region he wished to explore was the cellar directly underneath the apartment which they now stood- He regretted he was not at liberty to disclose there and then the object of making the search, but doubtless Mr. Bov thorn would-be fully acquainted with it in the space of an hour or so.' j Amassed and confused, the Postmaster mur mured, that fof course if his excellent friend Mr. Hartingdon was compelled by reason of circum stances best known to himself to withhold further Particulars from him* (Mr. Boythorn) it did. not eeome him to. evince any undue curiosity con cerning the matter. Mr. Hartingdon could pro ceed with his task at once if he chose, and every facility would be extended to him in the perform ance of that task- . With this ifche Post-master called " David I": whereupon a ragged] red-haired, bandy-legged little fellow, who appeared as if he was accus tomed to sleep nightly on a coal heap, and had not made the acquaintance of soap aud water for at least a month—so blade and dirty was he— promptly answered • the summons, "Show these gentlemen to -the cellar under neath." " All. right, sir," replied the red-headed boy, making a sign for the visitors to follow him. Mr. Qartuigdon's party, led by David, then proceeded towards -a door at the end of a short corridor, opening which the boy-muttered that the cellar was yeiy dark, and also ventured to add that report said it was inhabited by ghosts, Mr. Hartingdon took a dark lantern from pnder his coat, aud handing it to the boy, bade him show "the way, which he at onee did. Descending a small flight of stone steps, the -exploring party at length found themselves in the notorious eellar, the atmosphere of which was close, unpleasant, and stilling. Not a raj of natural liglit ever penetrated into the damp, dismal vault, which it maj be ob served, was infested with vermin of all kinds. The cellar was about twenty feet long and fifteen broad, and in it were three wells, a few feet apart from each other. The well farthest to the east was the one which was Baid to contain the lost treasure, and to this the Chief Constable instantly proceeded. It was covered over with an iron grating, which ■ he commanded the special detective, with the assistance of the boy, to remove. This done, the boy was informed that his services were no longer required, and that lie might make himself scarce as soon as he pleased, a piece of information which he was most gratified to learn, and acted upon with considerable alacrity. Left alone, the |Cliief Constable and his two companions stood round the brink of the well, and peered into' the thick darkness within. With the lantern in his hand, Mr. Hartingdon began to search for the nail, to which the canister con taining the lost money was said to be affixed by means of a long cord. Tt was found without any difficulty, and Mr. Hartingdon announced its discovery with no small degree of delight, which, however, was con siderably diminished when, upon peering more closely, ho; cord was seen to he attached to it. r "But that's only natural," observed lie. "It is more than probable that the cord has broken on account of rottenness". Why, even a dandy would ret away if he was left in such a reeking, filthy hole as this half the time that eord has been here. The canister , might be at the bottoip of the well for all we knovr. Lend me! the drags, Stephen." The individual thus addressed was the private detective, who thereupon produced from under neath his arm a coil of ropes, which proved to be the drags asked for,"and which he handed to Ms superior officer. The drags were put down—down—down; but still the bottom of the well was not reached. " I understood that the well was bottomless, remarked Frank. " Oh, that's all humbug," said the Chief Con stable. "It's very deep, that's true, but only about seventy feet deep." A moment afterwards a faint sound, as if the drags had gained water, was heard. Mr. H&rting; don continued to let out the rope to which the drags- were attached, amid the most profound silence. . "Ah! that's the bottom at last!" he cried, vehemently. "Now for the canister and the stolen treasure!" "And the reward of £500!" he added to himself. After groping about with the drags for the space of a minute or so, he snnonnced that they had hooked on to something or other, and forth with he began to pull the rope up gently. " Be careful, or it might drop," he said to the detective, as the latter seized the end of the rope excitedly. There was not one amongst the company who was at that moment calm and passive; all were intensely excited. The Chief Constable began to . indulge in a vision of the riealized recovery of the long-lost money, and of his long-coveted reward ; Frank thought of the strong proof in favour of the truth of spiritualism if the search were suc cessful ; and the. private detective observed to himself that his superior officer would surely give him a bonus for all the trouble he had expended on the affair. Higher and higher rose the drags, and higher and higher rose the-hopes and expectations of the explorers. Presently a most offensive odour was observed to become stronger and stronger. " Whatever it is," said the Chief Constable, " it stinks mightily!" at the same time placing his finger to his nasal protuberance, an example which the others were not slow to follow. At length the drags reached the brink of the well and their prey laid gently on the ground. The excitement was now at it zenith, and all eyes turned towards the object that had been clutched by the drags and brought from the bottom of the well, as Mr. Hdrtangdon directed the rays of the lantern upon it. .. It was only a drowned rat. The discovery created a great deal of disgust and vexatiousness; but it was determined not to allow the search to' be' brought to a premature termination. A second time were the drags lowered, and a second time did they grasp an object. This was , raised to the top, and sure enough, it proved to j be a TIN CANISTER. " Yes! this is the canister!" exclaimed Mr. Hartingdon. "The spirits were right after all! The lost money is found at last!—at last! " The canister was closely examined both inside and outside; but it contained no bank-notes, no cheques, no money orders. The well was once more explored; but, after bringing three or four more dead rats, a piece of cloth, and a broom to the surface, the search was abandoned, and the party left the building, feeling greatly disappointed and annoyed. * * # * * * # I have only to add that when the affair got known throughout the town, as it did veiy shortly afterwards, the Chief Constable and his friends were held: np to public ridicule in the comic papers. Mr. Hartingdon did not hesitate to express his firm conviction that spiritualism was all humbug—a snare, a mockery, and a delusion—and that all riho were connected with, it were fools or knaves. The End. 