Five Minutes with an old Newspaper. FEW more striking illustrations of the changes wrought in the condition of Mel- bourne during the past 30 years could be brought forward than that afforded by a perusal of an old paper, handed to me a few days ago by one who had worked in the office at which it was produced. The paper in question is a copy of the Port Phillip Patriot, dated 30th June, 1847-barely 30 years ago. Not such a very long time after all-a period well within the recollection of men yet in the prime of life--a date at which many who are still hale and hearty had already passed the grand climacteric. And yet how great the alterations which have occurred in the history of "Port Phillip" since this modest broadsheet-then the only newspaper published in Melbourne -left the press : how striking the con- trast between the Patriot of 1847 and the Collins-street thunderer of 1877 ! To say that the Patriot of June 30, 1847 was in every respect inferior to any colonial journal of the present day would be to do scant justice to the Australian press; the latest literary fledgling issued from the most obscure hamlet in the colony would put to shame the Melbourne daily of 30 years ago ; and, to judge from the advertising columns of the Patriot, the humblest, provincial journal commands a much more liberal amount of pecuniary sup- port. But none the less on that account is the old paper interesting as a relic of the infancy of the colony, a relic of the pastoral age, the time before the country had been rushed by the gold seekers, and when it was yet but an appendage of New South Wales -the " Botany Bay " with which naughty little boys and girls in England were threatened when they became more than usually trouble- some. It may not, therefore, be out of place to devote a few lines to this shadow of the past, this very ghost of colonial journalism, and hear the tale it tells. The Port Phillip Patriot, then-the pre- decessor of The Argus- consists of four pages of a size about an inch narrower and perhaps two and a-half inches shorter than a page of The Argus, all the contents being set, however, in much larger type. Of these four pages, one and a-half are devoted to advertise- ments, one column to original local paragraphs, and nearly all the rest of the space is filled with extract matter, prin- cipally from the Sydney Horning Herald, By the imprint of the paper, it seems that it was " edited, printed, and pub- lished at the Patriot office, by George D'Arley Boursiquot, sole proprietor," and from the moment this announce- ment is met with, one is inclined to condone all shortcoming. Who could expect great things in a daily paper " edited, published, and printed " by one man? Unpretending as is the little sheet before me, no doubt Mr. George D'Arley Boursiquot had quite enough on his hands. Probably, in addition, to his literary and typographical duties, he also superintended business matters, looked up "ads," collected debts-(oh, the diffi- culty of collecting printers' debts !) and generally was the life and soul of the concern. How, then could Mr. George D'Arley Boursiquot, sole proprietor, turn out a large amount of original copy? Why, even the Argus, with its army of correspondents, its vast mechanical ap- pliances-even the Argus, I say, would make but a sorry show were its literary and commercial staff reduced to one solitary individual ; and so I will allow a mantle to fall over all the deficiencies of the Patriot. I will, however, glance for a moment through the pages, in the hope of thus finding something that shall bear out the motto which heads the paper, the motto that told the Melbourne public of 1847 that the Patriot was designed " To show the very age and body of the time, its form and pressure." The first column of advertisements commences with the proprietor's own business announcements, setting forth that "common law summonses," "stock returns," "printers' ink," and "dog forms," can be procured at the Patriot office ; and a certain " Mr. James Beveridge, late of the Travellers' Rest, Collingwood," is requested to call at the Patriot office and pay his account. I hope this invitation was responded to ; but I have misgivings on the point. Nay, I have an intuitive conviction that Mr. Beveridge did not turn up in answer to that advertisement, or if he did, that he disputed the bill ; that he said he never ordered the paper ; that he didn't approve of its principles ; that it was an irreverent and godless paper, or else that it truckled to the clergy; I know, in short, as well as if I had been present in Collins-street in June, 1847, that Mr. Boursiquot, sole proprietor, was treated with contumely by this person Beveridge, when he asked for his money. The next advertisement is that of an assurance office, which announces that "an extra premium of £1 per cent per annum will be charged for risk of death from casualty by collision with the aborigines." The directors, however, considerately add that this " may be assured or not at the option of the assurer." Mr. W. Clarke advertises his music and stationery warehouse, and "general bindery"- whatever that may be. He gives no address. Perhaps he needed nothing of the kind in 1847 ; all that a stranger probably would have to do to find him, would be to ask for "the" stationer's shop, or the " general bindery," as the case might be, and the inhabitants of Melbourne as one man would point with unerring finger to Mr. Clarke's emporium. Mr. Thomas Ham offers a map of "Australia Felix and its squatting districts " for 16s. A feature of the map is that " it embraces the whole extent of country included in the probable boundaries of the colony on the granting of separation by the Home Govern- ment." By the next advertisement I regret to see that Mr. Boursiquot, sole proprietor, had been victimised again ; a reward of 20 guineas (there were guineas in those days) being offered for the apprehension of one James Eyles Mounsher, who had absconded with some cash from the Patriot office. The thief is described as having " very little eyebrows, and rather bald, hair stained "-evidently a villain of the deepest dye. No wonder that Mr. Boursiquot cautions the public in the next advertisement not to pay any more money to this miscreant; no wonder that he should add that in future "all receipts given for moneys paid on account of the Patriot must bear the signature of G. D. Boursiquot." * * * I now come to the leading article of the Patriot, which, if remarkable for nothing else, is at least commendable for its brevity ; it is contained in just 20 lines of leaded long primer, and refers to an expected speedy solution of the " squatting difficulty," by the passing of the Orders in Council. Close upon the leader follows a long extract from an English paper, describing in graphic terms some of the horrors of the famine in Ireland. After the locals are passed over, we come to copious extracts from the Sydney Morning Herald, including inter alia a letter from a Mr. Hobbler, a settler on the Murrumbidgee, describing a recent encounter with a bunyip on Mr. Tyson's station. The animal is referred to by the writer as the " Kine protia," and it is described as about as big as a six months old calf, of a dark brown colour, a long neck and long pointed head, large ears, and a thick mane of hair from the head down to the neck, and two large tusks," Unfor- tunately the " Kinepratia " was not cap- tured. At the end of the bunyip story come more advertisements. * * * * Passing over a column of auction sales, I come to the card of Mr. Charles Linstead, who, it appears, was the fortu- nate proprietor of the "New Horse Bazaar." This gentleman was clearly in advance of the age, for, in addition to keeping " gigs" and saddle horses on hire, he informed his patrons that " the" cab could be had at a moment's notice, night or day-always provided, we may assume, that somebody else hadn't hired it. But at this I will drop the veil. The idea suggested to my mind of Melbourne with " the" cab-one cab-is something too appalling. I will pursue no further my antiquarian researches. No longer will I disturb from its slumbers this literary Rip Van Winkle, but rest con- tent with the hope that this cursory glance at the contents of an old news- paper may enable " new chum" readers of the Australasian to form a slight idea of the vast changes that have been wrought in this city, within a period that, after all, is a good deal shorter than an average lifetime. - Australasian Contributor. 