Wednesday, Jcxt 4. QUESTIONS. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS, in answer to Mr. Coi.es, said the Government ' had been furnishing Rifle Clubs established in the country townships with the use of rifles free of cost, and proposed to continue doing so to the extent of the rifles available. — In answer to Mr. Haedt, he said the contract for the con struction of .the Karmndft and TCnW-.li-Woaf Bend Railway was signed on April 7, 1877 . The term expired on July 7, 1878. The penalty for non-completion within the term specified was £50 per diem. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL, in reply to Mr. Keiceauff, said it was proposed to intro duce a Bill to amend and consolidate the Real Property Acts as soon as public business would permit. ... The MINISTER of AGRICULTURE and EDUCATION, in answer to Mr. Murray, said the Government would make the necessary in crease to the staff of telegraph operators to enable an operator to be in attendance at the head office on holidays, Sundays, and at night, and would also endeavor to make arrangements to speak the principal country offices at certain specified hours on holiday aud Sundays. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LiND3, in answer to Mr. Basedow, said men had been employed, under the supervision of Crown Lands Rangers, to destroy the rabbit burrows or breeding places on the reserves on Crown Lands near Eudunda and the Burra ; and a Bill had been prepared, which would be introduced without delay, for 'An Act to provide for the suppression of the Rabbit Nuisance.' — In reply to Mr. Coles, he said a report had been obtained as to the suitability of Hayward, on the River Murray, for agricultural purposes, and it stated that a good portion of the land was fit for agri cultural settlement. NO-CONFIDENCE MOTION. Mr. PLAYFORD moved—' That this House is dissatisfied with the present Ministry.' tie thanked hon. members for allowing: him to pro ceed with the motion early in the day, and assured those hon. gentlemen who had been so anxiously enquiring after his health recently that he never felt better in his life. (Laughter.) He felt that he was doing bis duty to the House and his constituency in bringing this motion forward, and as it was said that the tone and style a member adopted in bringing on a motion gave tone to the debate, he trusted that the remarks be might make would not give an objectionable character to the debate. ( Hear, hear.) He should have to criticise the Ministry, he should have to call their action in ques tion, but he should not vilify them, and he hoped that the debate would be a credit alike to the Ministry and to the Opposition. (Hear, hear.) He should divide the subject into two parts — the formation of the Ministry, and their administration. If they had shown ability and capacity to govern the country well they might look over the circumstances under which the Ministry was formed; but as they had not they had a right to call attention to the error in their formation. First, he would direct their notice to the alteration of the policy of the previous Government as to leasing the eJu cationai lands of the colony. It would be in the recollection of the House that a debate on this subject was originated by Mr. Rees last year. The Boucaut Administration granted to the Council of Education large quantities of land by way of endowment, and some of them w«re granted, in blocks of 5,CO0 acres. When Mr. Everard was Minister of Education the Council of Education desired power to lease these lands for twelve months for commonage purposes only, so that they might have time in the interval to subdivide this land. They said they could not ^subdivide it except in eight months, and they did not see why the country should lose the value of that grass during the time required for the subdivision of the laud. The present Minister of Education came into office, and he pretended to say that the previous Government were endeavoring to play into the hands of tbe squatters. But there was one point lie caretully kept in the background ; he did not say it wan proposed to lease the lands for 12 months only. He altered the policy of the previous Government, and in the paper which he edited in one or two leading articles, he I commented very severely on the Council of Education. The matter was taken up by Mr. Rees, and the Commissioner of Public Works, in the course of that debate, made the following statement : — ' First, he would state that those blocks would be ready for sale within a month.' I Were those lands ready for sale in a month ? i No ; and they were not ready for nine months. : The Iobb to the country by this action was esti mated by the Minister of Education in a speech at Edithburgh at £500, but he believed the loss was nearer £1,000 than £500. At any rate, the amount lost would be sufficient to erect a good country schoolhouse and teachers' residence. (Hear, hear.) During the ccurseof that speech, the Commissioner made another remarkable statement. He (Mr. Playford) taunted the Government with departing from the policy of their predecessors, and said if they con tinued in this course they would very likely go wrong. The Commissioner said : — ' With re gard to what Mr. Playford had said about their departing from Mr. Boucaut's policy, and therefore going wrong, he was ready to tell the hon. member that in many particulars they would depart from that policy, and the country and House would endorse their departure from it. {Hear, hear from the Minister of Education and Agriculture). He had shown that this was tot the case, aud that the House aud the country bad sustained a loss. The next point was as to giving inferior lands to the Council of Education. The 24th clause of the Education Act stated that the Council of Education should be granted 100,000 acres of land down and a yearly grant of 20,000 acres by way of endow ment. The question was, what was the object of the House in providing for this? He would not give his own definition of this, but would quote what the present Minister of Education said in asking leave to introduce the Educa tion Bill : — ' They would also have a scheme for setting apart blocks of land, which they hoped would in future years prove material means of obtaining the revenue required for the education system when it had become very much larger than it ueed be at the present time.' (Hear, hear.) That was the object of the House, the country, aud the Ministry of the day, that by the endow ment of the Education' Board they should in future years obtain a revenue from this land. Then what was the quality of the land to be given to the Council of Education ? In answer to Mr. Rounsevell, the Minister who had charge of the measure — the present Minister of Educa tion— said : — ' Without unduly interfering with the purposes of agricultural settlement they would determine upon the selection of such lands as would be of value for educational purposes. The Government in no way intended that these grants of land should be mock grants.' But the Minister of Education had not acted up to the spirit of that, and had not granted land of fair average quality. Fifty thousand acres I were offered for sale on the 14th of April last, and of that 18,000 acres were passed, some of it being said to be worthless ; 13,000 got into the bands of the farmers, and the squatters ob tained 18,000 acres, and only for one lot of this was there any competition. If, as was said, the squatters were getting this land the present Ministry were to blame, for it was as easy as possible to frame a lease so that only the agri culturist could get agricultural land. The f aimers 6hould stand first and the squatters second. He would next refer to some of the speeches of members of the Ministry, which poa eefcsed more value than the ordinary run of after dinner utterances, as they were addressed to the - country. The Commissioner of Public Works at Willunga was making some remarks when he was interrupted by some one in this way : — A voice — ' I want to ask Mr. Colton. some questions.' The Commissioner of Public Works — I'm not goiug to answer. Pve been addressing the public of South 'Australia. Mr Me ? what's tbe name. (Laughter.) No doubt Mr. Me — what's tbe name would want some information at the next general election, and would not be denied when Mr. Colton was on the husting- . He would give another quotation from the report which appeared in the Advertiser news paper; he would not quote from the Re lister, because the Ministry would rush at that like a hull at a red rag. The Commissioner of Crown Lands was arguing against a leader in the Register newspaper as to the action of a previour Commissioner of Crown Lands for putting up at one period at auction the whole quantity of 80,000 awes, and he (Mr. Playford) was certain that if the Minister of Agriculture and Educa tion had been in opposition the Ministry would have bad no peace from him, and he thought the Ministry were wrong in not putting the 'and forward in less sized blocks. Then he went on to say :— 'Eighty thousand acres in various hundreds had been open for selection from two to three years, and had now been offered for sale for cash in the usual manner. The Surveyor-Genera] informed him before the sale that much of the land was very inferior. If 7.000 acres were sold out of the 80,000 he said he should do well ; aad, in fact, only about 5.500 acres Were sold ; aud yet the Government were charged with selling, or trying to sell, in large quantities and in an improper manuor for the benefit of the squatters.' The Commis sioner of Crown Lands must have been deceiving himself or his listeners. Th.3 squatters could take up as they wanted, as every one knew. The Commissioner of Crown Lands also said : — ''Now, a former Government and a former Commissioner of Crown Lands ga^e this 20,000 acres from the very best lands of the colony — the fertile lands of Wandearah and other places — without giving any prioritv of choice to selectors, thus excluding the selec tor and favoring the squatter, who at once took them on 14 years' leases for pastoral purposes. Who was this Commissioner of Crown Lands ? Was it him (Mr. Playford) ? He was a former Commissioner of Crown Lands. The preteut Commissioner of Public Works had been a C jia missioner of Crown Lands. He had acted in that capacity when Mr. Boueaut was absent from tbe colony. (The Commissioner of Public Works — 'I have acted in every capacity.') Possibly ; but whether acting in every capacity made him master of every capacity was another question. (Laughter.) It was generally said that a Jack-of-all-trades was master of noLe. He ebjected to the Ministry going about the country and condemning the action of other Governments if they did not specify them. But when he made this charge he made it against two of his own colleagues. The present Com missioner of Public Works and Minister of Agri culture and Education selected these lands, and they were agreed to in Cabinet. (No.) They passed the Cabinet — not the Commissioner of Crown Lands only. And if, as the Commis sioner said, they gave away tbe fertile lands of the colony — though he denied this — the farmers got them, although they paid a high price, as they ought to do. for the land was worth it. Then he said .- — ' But the present Government had reversed the order, and said — ' Let the selectors take tLeir choice for two years, and then offer for pale by cash, and then let the annual 20,000 acres of educational lands be selected from the remainder, and let, if you please, for pastoral purpose?.' ' That amounted to this, let the land remain open tor selec tion on two conditions, residence and cul tivation ; then offer them for selection in two years ; then when no one would purchase them offer them to the Council of Education. Did not this action counteract what the House intended when they passed the Endowment Clause. In this respect the Ministry had gone contrary to the understanding of the House, and if the House agreed with him on this point he trusted they would express their dissatis faction with the Government by voting for the motion. The present Government had reversed the policy of their predecessors with regard to the defences of the colony. The Ministry he was a member of placed £15 000 on the estimates for the purposes of defence, but the present Ministry struck that off, made no provison for defences, and ridiculed the idea. The amount his Ministry set down would at least have provided rifles and ammunition. He would quote from the speech of Sir Arthur Blyth, then the Hon. Arthur Blyth, on this subject: — ' They have knocked off £15,000 for defences. (Hear, hear, from Treasury Benches, and laughter.) He was sorry it had been done, for though there were some people, it was to be regretted, but not very many, who considered the insignificance of the colony was its best defence, yet he could not agree with them. Every community should look well to its defences, indeed he thought this duty second to no other. He also believed that the time had now arrived when this very important necessity should not be lost sight of, cerfcaiuly the Estimates would have been able to bear the modest sum of £15,000. (Mr.Colton — ' No good.' )' But was their action endorsed by the country ? No, it was not. The result had been that not Laving kept this sum of £15,000 on the Esti mates, they would soon have an excess paper, on which the sums of money expended on the defence question during recess would appear. If the sum of £15,000 were no good, as was stated by the Treasurer in the House, at' the time when they were in peace, and the rumors of war which had been heard on the continent had ceased, what good would result from the sum of £21,000 brought forward by the Treasurer now that war had broken out and England was likely to be involved in the war. That was not the only loss whish had been sustained by the Government, as it was well known that we had no rifles, but the Government did not send borne for them until after a public meeting had been held at the Sturt, and public feeling had been aroused, on the subject. Then they sent a telegram ,to England for tbe rifles, and they came out by the mail steamers, and the cost of carriage was £21 per ton, thus entailing a consider able loss over the usual freight. That was statesmanship ! and resulted in a loss to the country. Tliere was another point in which the Conaniissioner of Public Works would have to bear the blame. That was the loss the couutry had sustained by refusing to accept the verdict of. two Justices of the Peace in Boord's case. The Waterworks Act provided that where land was taken and tbe Commissioner df Public Works aud the owner could not agree as to the amount of compensation, two Justices of the Peace were appointed, who took evidence, and arrived at a verdict as to the value of the land. Mr. Boord and the Government disagreed as to the accommodation works that should be provided for him. Two Justices of the Peace wore called in, Mr. Hannaford and himself (Mr. Plajford). They sent their decision to the Government, which had been arrived at unani mously. Immediately after their decision was sent, in the Government appealed to the Supreme Court and also to the Local Court of Full Jurisdiction, ttlr. Hannaford and him self felt that the appeal was a waste of public money, and they thought that the Commissioner of Public Works might not have had the maf.ter placed fairly before him, so they formed a de putation and waited on the Commissioner in the library of that House. The result of that deputation was that they were' listened to, and they explained the whole facts of the case. They asked him injustice to Air. Boord on the one hand, and to save expense to the country on the other, to stop the appeal to the Courts. Of course every attention was paid to their repre sentation, and the Commissioner gave them the usual reply that the matter would be taken into the most serious consideration of the Govern ment. Nothing, however, came of that con sideration, tbe appeals went on, and the Govern ment were ignominiously defeated. Mr. Justice G wynne said at the time that it was a dis grace for the appeal to be brought on. The country were put to this expense by the Go vernment refusing to accept the decision of two independent Justices of the Peace. The Ministry of the day had reversed the decision of their predecessors in the reappointment of Mr. Jas. White as a Justice of the Peace. He bad known Mr. White as a member of that House for many years, and they had treated each other courteously. He bad not the slightest personal feeling in the matter, but as a member of tbe Government which had agreed to the opiuion in an honestand straightforward manner that not to remove Mr. White from the roll of Justices would not be doing justice to the country or the House, he would say the action of the Government of the day in removing that gentleman from the roll was endorsed by tbe country, the House, and the Press of South Australia. That it was endowed by tbe country was shown by the fact that no public meeting had been held, and no letter appeared in the press saying that they were wrong in the action taken. In the last no-confidence metion the removal of Mr. White was not even alluded to as a charge against the Ministry of the day. It was cer tainly approved by the respectable portion of the Press, as all those papers had written ap proving of the action. It had been said- that other justices had been guilty of conduct like Mr. White's, but the Government did not know anything about that as a matter of fact, and . they had . no right to remove a person from ' the roll of Justices on bare suspicion. A thief in the Stockade might as well say that there' were plenty of thieves walking about the streets of Adelaide, and so he should not be confined there. Even supposing there wera Justices of the Peace who were guilty of such action, the Government could not under any circumstances remove them on bare suspicion. Did the House approve of that reversal of the policy of the previous Government in reinstat ing Mr. White as a Justice of the Peace ? He believed that tbe people, the Press, and most of the members of that House, if they would ppeak their minds, would not approve of it. He had about finished with the administra tive portion of tbe charge. (Ob.) Perhaps the Government were disappointed at his not having touched upon certain things upon which they had their replies prepared. (Laughter.) He would get to the second portion of the sub ject — the personal aspect of the case — the Ministry and their formation. Given a blun dering administration, it resulted from imperfect organization. To illustrate that he would give examples of two expeditions sent to settle the Northern Territory. One was commanded by Mr. Finniss, to found a settlement in the Northern Territory. It was a badly organised expedition — even the Minister of Agriculture and Education would not deny that — and the result was undoubted failure. The second ex pedition was commanded by Mr.Goyder,andwas sent out by Mr. Townsend. It was well organized, and it accomplished the object it had in view. So they would see that, given a blundering administration, it re sulted from bad formation. The formation of the present Ministry was objectionable in many particulars. They certainly' would not object to be judged by the standard by which they judged others last year. What were the chief charges the present Commissioner of Public Works brought against the Ministry of that day, when moving the want of confidence .motion ? The objections were all personal ones, and to prove that he read a short extract from Mr. Colton's speech on that occasion. Mr. Colton had then been commenting on some statements appearing in a Yorke's Peninsula paper to the effect that if he were defeated he would go to the country, aid if he went he would go upon the policy and not upon the way he brought in certain men. That statement had been repeated at Willunga, when Mr. Colton said he did not oppose the policy of the Ministry. He only blamed Mr. Boucaut for having gone to his opponents in the Upper House for one of his Ministry. But was not the action of the pre sent Commissioner of Public Works equally objectionable, by going to the present Chief Secretary, who was a strong opponent of the scheme ? It might be said he only opposed the financial aspect, but he was singled out specially as tLeir- chief opponent in the Legislative Council. Mr. Morgan in the Legislative Council had made an offer, that if Sir Henry Ayers would resign his position in. tho Legislative Council and go to the country, either he or Mr. . Boucaut would also resign theirs. By going to the country they would see who was right or wrong. Tiiat would show that Sir Henry Ayers was looked upon as their chief opponent, and there was no mistake that he was so. In reply to that challenge Sir Henry made the following observation: — 'He had been asked to resign and stump the country with Mr. Boucaut, but bewas in a position to go and stump the country without him. Mr. Boucaut had olfered the country £3,000,000, but he was not in a position, and his conscience would not allow him, to recommend the expenditure of £3,000,000.' Had hon. members ever supposed that he had any conscience at all, when within twelve mouths he offered the country more than £3,000,000 ? The present Commissioner of Public Works, after blaming Mr. Boucaut for going to his opponents for a supporter in the Legislative Council, yet takes this man, who was their chief opponent, into his Ministry. The Ministry surely would not object to be judged by their own standard. There was another charge made against the last Ministry, and that was that there were too many Bank Directors in it. He would read a quotation from ' Hansard' on th'e subject : — 'The present Ministry contained two Bank directors, one of whom was Chairman of the Board. He (Mr. Colton) had command of the purse-strings for a little time, and he knew how important it was that the Treasurer should be distinct and apart from the banking .profes sion. A considerable little game might be played, not knowingly but carelessly. Human nature was human nature, aud although lie had the greatest confidence in the Treasurer, ' as he was a very honorable man, and a man who would not take advantage of anybody, yet ho thought that it was very undesirable that there should be two Bank Directors of the Bank at which the Government, did business. He (Mr. Colton) had to bargain with the Banks, and say, I have sixty or a hundred thousand pounds worth of bonds to sell. Was the Treasurer in a position to do that ? He said distinctly he was not, and that no member of the Government should be in the position that Mr. Blyth was.' They saw nothing in that objectionable, or that the Treasurer of the day should not be a Bauk Director because his Bank might get the advan tage over the other Banks, and the country Buffer loss in consequence. Was it not equally objectionable that the Commissioner of Public Works should be the head of oae of the largest iron firms in the colony. (Laughter.) In the same speech Mr. Colton said, ' There was too much of the squatting element ia the Go vernment.' There was only one squatter, and that was Mr. Hawker. There was also one in the present Government. If that Government should be turned out because they bad a squatter in it, was it not equally warranted that tbe present Ministry should be turned out, as they had a squatter in it. (?' Name.') Why, tLe Treasurer. (Laughter.) Then they came to a point where no parallel could be drawn, and that was the joining together of the Minister of Agriculture and Education and the Treasurer. Hon members were well aware of the meeting held at Teatree Gully (' How long ago ?') That would not matter in the remarks he would make upon it. At a public meeting, on a public plat form, and in the presence of a large attendance, the present Minister of Agriculture and Educa tion had made use of an expression towards Mr. Boss which he would not foul his mouth by re peating. If the word were true, the Treasurer was branded as unfit by reason of it to represent a constituency in the House and unworthy of a position in the Ministry of the day. The Trea surer joined the Minister of Agriculture and Education, without having received an apology for the gross affront he received, in as public, a manner as it had been given. ( Hear, hear.) He did not believe that the foul attack was true, but the Minister ought to have publicly apologised for — as a man or gentleman, if be were either — (laughter) — the words he had then used. He had not quite done with . that gentleman, who had made a great many statements which were not strictly true, to put it in the mildest possible form. In his paper he vilified hon. members to a frightful extent. This was how he treated hon. members with re gard to the motion going on against the Ministry in his paper last week. ' A few pro fessional crisis mongers and place hunters in the House of Assembly.' If he meant him, he was willing to place his career against that of tbe Minister of Agriculture and Education, who had never refused to take office when he bad a chance. (Minister of Agriculture and Education— ' Yes.') Did he? He would like to know when it was. ('? Order.') Was there ever a greater crisis-monger than the Minister himself, who had commenced an article in his paper in the words just quoted, to catch certain votes. The Minister had taken advantage of the present occasion to utter the vilest accusa tion against him by saying that he had joined the ranks of the squatters. He had heard the rumor before it appeared in the newspaper, arid he believed that it had .been indus triously circulated by the Minister himself. He heard that this motion had originated from a squatters' conspiracy. That he was working, for tbe squatter was the greatest falsehood that was ever uttered. He won Id draw hon. mem bers' attention to the time when he was in the Ministry ta show that lie had never worked * into the bauds of the squatters. (Mr. Coglin — ' No, never ') Would any one say he was a ), Jikely person .to—work into the hands. of the squatter. (No.) Getting up that cry at the present juncture was most objectionable, aud he thought that they had done, away with ..setting up class against class. He believed tLat the squatters of this country were quite willing to give place to agricultural settlers as they advanced. (Hear, hear, and no, no.) He bad been received courteously and hospitably by a squatter — (laughter)— and at the same time he had indited a telegram to take away half his run, but the squatter had never objected. He would have taken it all, if it had been worth taking. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He did not believe that as far as the agricultural class was concerned it was opposed to the squat ting class of the community. He had shown that the present Ministry must stand con . demned, if judged by the same and only . standard with which they had judged the late Ministry. He was confident that the great majority of the people were opposed to the present Ministry. (Yes, yes, no, no.) ' He thought that the members of Parliament were opposed to the Ministry — (no, no, hear, hear): — and that the majority of the people in the colony were of the same opinion. (No, no, hear, hear.) There was only one case he could bring forward, as it was difficult to prove such a charge, to prove that the people of the colony were unmistakably opposed to the present Ministry. In the Legislative Council elections a -gentleman came forward as the avowed and unmistakable opponent of the Ministry — (hear, hear, no, no) — and' what ?was the result ? Why he was triumphantly re turned at the head of the poll. If he wanted to prove that the Ministry were not in favor with the country, that was a sufficient proof. All the .respectable portion of the Press were against them, and he believed that the Press of the. colony expressed the public feeling of tbe country. (No, no, hear, hear.) Hon. members said no, but could they prove it? He believed that the majority of the Parliament were dissatisfied with the present Ministry. (' Yes, no.') By their unmistakable votes that day they would show that such was the case,.—*, (Laughter.) He did not mind making the assertion to the members that in the fall of the Chief Secretary he would, meet with as little sympathy as the Chief Secretary of Victoria, Sir James McCulloch, when he was compelled to retire. He moved, the resolution — 'That this House is dissatisfied with tbe present Ministry.' Mr. BASEDOW, in rising to second the motion before the House, expressed his regret that occasion should have arisen for putting such a motion. He regretted any change in a Minis try, because euch changes were not desirable, and should be avoided if possible ; nevertheless, in rising to second the motion of want of confi dence he did so from a conviction that he was doing his duty, and believed that he would receive the credit of being sincere. Personally the' present members of the Treasnry benches had been very friendly towards him. He had no complaint against them personally, but be lieved at the same time that they were not the right men in the right place. (Hear, hear, and No, no.) He was of opinion that they should not have taken the position they now occupy, because they had obtained their seats on the Treasury benches on false issues. (Hear.) The former Ministry was displaced by them, not on on a question of policy, but on personal grounds. They expressed their dissatisfaction of that Ministry as it was then constituted, and he fully expected that the new Ministry would be eo differently constituted that they could not be charged with the same sin; but they had committed the offence they charged their predecessors with. (Hear, hear.) Had they ousted the previous Ministry on a question of policy it would have been a very different thing, but they refrained from going into policy, because when they obtained office they adopted the policy of tbe previous Ministry, and have since been Working out that policy. (Hear, hear, and No, no.) He would give all credit to the Opposition for allowing them to carry out that policy and permitting the business of of country to go on without factious interrup tion. If it wefe urged against him it would be . a misfortune if this Ministry were ousted from office, he would reply that if the Ministry were not the right men in the right place this is just the time when better men should be put for ward to fill their position. This matter had been growing for some time, and it was better that it should be brought to an issue. (Hear,) If this Government had a policy, and did not show it, or if they had no policy, the sooner they left their seats the better, because a new Ministry would have time to prepare a policy to go before the country with at the general election. This Minif try would go on pottering and pottering, and then go into recess— (hear, hear; and no, no) — and the present unsatisfactory state of things would be continued. The points that told most against the Ministry in his opinion were, that they had taken their seats under the pretence that their feelingr had been violated by the previous occupants of those benches having gone from their friends to their enemies — and they had done the same thing themselves. (Hear, hear.) That they have no policy of their own would be endorsed by other members of that House, and most of the members of the Government were not able to fill their places satisfactorily. Speaking of the Chief Secretary —he ought to be the helmsman of the State ; a man with a decided policy of his. own, and a man of principle. (Hear, hear.) He would not be saying too muoh if he were to say that they could not find those qualities in the present Chief Secretary. (Hear, hear, and no, no.) Many a time it had been said in that House, and quotations made from ' Hansard,' showing that that gentleman had expressed views at one time which he directly opposed at another time. He had gone in during one session on one set of views and ex pressed exactly the opposite next -session. (Hear, hear) That, he contended, should not be* He looked upon the Chief Secretary as tbe helmsman of the State; and if he could not be relied upon to steer the State ship man fully, powerfully, skilfully— (A Voice — uAad honestly.') — yes, and honestly, he ought not to be at the helm, hut should make room for someone else. (Hear, hear, from the Opposi tion; and laughter from the Ministry.) He did not say that a man at the helm would always steer in the right direction, but he should always try to steer in the right direc tion; and should not allow his convictions to change as the wind changes. (Hear, hear.) He would next refer to the Hon. the Treasurer, who should be a man thoroughly master of finance. (Hear, hear.) He would | venture to say of the present Treasurer— how- ever much he might admire him in other res pects — that he was not a master of finance on the present occasion. (A Voice—' Yes, he is.?) Then he did not show it in his management of the finances of this, country. After the Trea surer had shown that our finances were ia tbe most satisfactory state and could go on safely for years, he (Mr. Basedow) found the income was £160,000 short. From papers in the House he found that the revenue up to the 31st of March had been £132,636 7s. lid., and the ex- * penditpre had been £204,498 12s. lOd., leaving adtficiency on the wrong side of £71,822 7s. lid , and when the deficiency for last quarter was added to that it would be found that there would be not lefs than £100,000 deficient. Berides that he found, on looking up the esti mates, that the Hon.the Treasurer intended to in crease the expenditure of this country naxtyear by about £40,000, and he could not say where that income was to come from. (Hear, hear, and laughter, and 'You're too sure,' from the Treasurer.) The Estimates last year were £1,131,781 10s. 6d., and for the present year £1,171,699 3s. Id., or an increase of £39,917 12b. 7d., which .would he further increased by tbe Supplementary Estimates. He trusted the Treasurer when making! his financial speech would inform them' how he could get out of the difficulties which had been pointed out. Speak ing of the leader of the Home, the Hon. Oom mifsibner of Public Works, he believed, that gentlem&a; was open to a charge of several short* \ comings in this way. (Laughter, and hear, hear.) He was not the man to say that the hon Commissioner should be perfect aad free from. \- . ? ' ? ?'„ ? ?:'? ? ? ??-.''_?;-?/ ?? -? all shortcomings ;, bat there were shortcomings that he ought to have avoided, and others that he should not have been guilty of. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the erection of the new Houses of Parliament, the hon. gentleman was. very wrong in allowing that work to go on so shortly before the assembling of Parlia ment, a work involving an expenditure of £130fi00. (A voice— £150,000). The Hon. Commissioner should not have permitted that work to be commenced before Parliament had met and given its opinion upon it. (A voice — Why, the House sanctioned it by its vote.) Mr. Basedow was proceeding farther upon this sub ject, when he was ruled out of order by the Speaker, on the ground that he was reflecting upon the vote of the House. Mr. Basedow said lie was sorry if he had offended against any of the rules of the House, but the question of building the new Houses was being discussed in another place, and was not yet settled there. As the money for this purpose had not yet been voted, this House would have another oppor tunity of expressing its opinions, and he would then avail himself of the same opportunity to repeat ihat in this matter, the Commissioner had not acted as he should have done. He could cite other instances showing the inca pacity of the Commissioner of Public. Works ; and he then referred to the. erection of the Gawler Station Goods Sheds having been re tarded. Moneywasvotedforthispurposeinl874* ? (laughter)— and if other Ministers had faded to carry out this work, the present Ministry when they obtained office declared themselves to be the Ministry of action, and should have rectified the sins of their predecessors, but they had' done nothing of. the kind. ' During last session his colleague' (Mr. 'Dunn) and himself put2 .the question, and were answered by the Commissioner of Public 'Works; that the work should be gonejon' with without delay, but the work: was not 'gone on: with yet:' Only the pre Vi«us day he heard with astonishment that ten ders had been accepted by the Commissioner fora shed 150 feet in- length, and that after wards it was decided that it should be only 100 J- feet long, and the - Commissioner of Public I Works coolly told a deputation: of his- (Mr Sasedow's) constituents that it had beenJdone. entirely against his will, and that it was with out his knowledge and consent that the plans had been altered. (The Commissioner of Public Works— ' No, .iw-.') _ Then there was something wrong in the office— a want of management that should not exist. He would not have . mentioned this small matter only that it afforded the House some insight into' the working of the office. He would not say much against, the Minister of Crown Lands, as he rather liked that gentle man. He believed he had ever tried to do his duty like a man — (hear, hear) — and in regard to the Land Bill that was on the table, it was a measure for which he deserved great credit. He had done well in that respect, and was doing his 1chity^-( Hear, hear;) He would next deal with the Minister of Education. There seemed to be a want of understanding between the Minister of Education and the Council of Edu cation, and Mr. Playford had hinted, at some thing which occurred some time ago, when the Minister made certain assertions which he could not substantiate, And had to-' apologise to the Council. (The Minister of Agri culture and Education — 'No.'') It was his firm belief that whatever the , quali fications - and - abilities of the Minister of Agriculture' and Education ho did not thoroughly understand the education question. He believed our education system was drifting into a 'system which was never intended when the Education Act was framed. It was in tended that the position of the teachers shonld be raised, that they shonld be placed in a better position, financially and otherwise.: (.The Minister pi Agriculture and Education — ' So they are.') He demurred 'to that. He was aware that .circulars had. been sent out to the teachers, and only one stated that he was not satisfied, but it was not said how many were dissatisfied. He asked if the teachers were in a position to come forward and make their com plaints — (no) — and if no complaints were made it was no argument that there 'were co complaints. If the teachers could come forward they- would put a different aspect on things. - The pecuniary position of teachers was wocse now- than under the old system, by which they were allowed to carry out'their own views; but now they were bound and handicapped in every direction. By the education report it would be seen that they were not in the position they were entitled, to as instructors of the rising generation. First it appeared that the teacher might be dismissed at ^any moment; he might be sent from one place to another; he might.be told by the Council of Education that he must remove from the locality he had been for many years, and go to some other .place. In certain cases he could be dismissed without investigation. Was any other officer placed in a similar posi tion? If. there was -a charge against & ' teacher) why should there not be an investigation? Let his guilt be proved before he was condemned. All the teacher's actions were subjected to tbe Council of Edu cation ; Jie was not allowed to have an evening school wi'jhout their sanction. When he inten ded to open an evening school he had to apply to the' Council of Education, and had to ask ^permission to charge for lessonsyand- theCouncil fixed the amount he was to charge. He. conten- ded that the teachers should be allowed to name their prices for this extra work. Further, a teacher was not Allowed to keep, hoarders. If 'the Council refused permission he could not keep boarders. What' right had the. Council to interfere in that way? The interference was carried to too great an extent. He would go into this subject fully at another time, but he was convinced that the Minister of Education was not the man to carry out an enlightened system of education. He had heard statements' made recently as to our educational progress which ?were misrepresentations. He did not say they were intentional, but many of them were merely delusions. He would ask what results ?the Education Act had produced? . At the end of' 1874 the number of schools in South Aus tralia was 320, at the end of November, 1875, there ?were only 268, and at the end of 1876 the number had decreased to 247. What was the reason of this? When, we spent hundreds of thousands in education, when Parliament was ready to vote more if properly applied, how .was it that the number of schools was decreasing? At the end of 1874 the number of head teachers was 313 ; in 1S75 it had decreased to 267, and at the end of 1876 to 252. There was a decrease also in the number of children educated. At the end of 1874 there' were 24,685, while at the end of 1876 ? Mr. HANNAFORD asked if the hon. member was in order. : ; ' . . \- The SPEAKER requested the hon. member to confine himself to the motion. ? . ? ? Mr.BASEDOWsaidhisobjectwastoshowthat public education had not made such progress as it should have made. ' The SPEAKER said that was not the ques tion before the House. - . ? ? Mr. BASEDOW said he desired to show that this was due to the management of the gentle man at the head of the department, that with a Parliament ready to vote any sum- necessary, With' an enlightened public ready to have their children instructed, he did not see why there should not be better results. ? When they were told that ontof 53,000 children of a school-going age only 25,000 were attending,- he regretted thai the money had been squandered in the way it was, if no ether results could be obtained. With regard to schoolhouses, it might be said that the Council . of Education had built ?39 schoolhouses throughout the colony, but when £150,000 was voted for building; school* bouses, it was no credit to the Minister of Edu cation. They could be built under the Com missioner of Public Works just as well. The Minister of Education ought to understand the education system,' -should have an insight into tbe way*he schools were conducted, not merely building schoolhouses. He did not intend any thing personal to tbe Ministry^ but he did not think they were the right men in the right place, that the time had come for a strong and wise '?Government, and-that if an able Ministry were *jput 4n;itbeir .policy oonld' be ^discussed -i»ift tangible form in which form this Gouernment could not submit a policy. Mr. JOHNSON said having heard the two heavyweights of the House he might say he had never heard such a stale, flat, and unpro fitable bill of indictment. The late Sir Richard Hanson on a no-confidence motion was accused of having been flat, stale, and unprofitable, and he said, ' How could I be otherwise when I knew that there were 25 against me'—(laughter) and the mover of that motion was in the same position. (No, and laughter.) The best things in his charge they had often heard before, putting Mr. AVard and Mr. Boss against each other. The same thing could be said of the hist Ministry. Mr. Mann said a good deal that was not very complimentary when on a differen side of the House to Mr. Boucaut. If what one man had once said against another was to be a reason for his not joining another in a Ministry no Ministry could ever be formed. The point was, what had the country to get by a change of Ministry at the present time ? The members in that House of course were too high-minded and patriotic to turn the Ministry out except on some great principle — the pounds, shillings, and pence went for nothing. (Laughter.) Sup posing the present Ministry were ousted there were at least ten members who thought they had a chance, and as there were only five - in that House who could go in, it really . meant, that five would be disappointed. These five would go into opposition as soon 'as the new Government was formed, and it would, be literally as weak as water. They would not have a majority and could not stand a day. It was known throughout the city that there were seven members who wanted to get in. (Mr. Playford — ' Untrue.') History would prove if he was untrue. (Mr. Playford — ** Yes, and that the Ministry will be beaten.') What would the country . gain by a change ? Four additional schemes of taxation which the country did not want. The late Govern ment - proposed four schemes' -of taxation which the present .Government did without., Mr. Playford said the Government had taken the worst portions of .the. last Government' policy, and had rejected the best. He denied that there was any demand in the country for additional taxation. They might gain by a new Ministry another white . elephant — an outer harbor — to keep company with the one crossing the Murray. (Laughter.) They might have a few light weights, such as Bishop Bugnion and 50,000 Russians. (Laughter.) The charges: which had been made were as weak as they well could be. He had generally listened to Mr. Playford with pleasure, but he had never heard him bo flat as he was that day. Mr. BOUGAUT thought after the accusation made by the hon. member for .East Terrens, the Government should have made some reply. (The Commissioner of Public Works — 'Not worth it.') He bad not had the advantage of hearing the speech, but from his knowledge of the hon. member's abilities he did not think the occupants of the 'Ministerial benches were justified in saying the speech was not worthy of an answer from- the Minister of the Crown. That statement would not have any credit in the House or the country. (Hear, hear ; oh, oh.) In ability or standing the hon. member for East Torrens would not compare unfavorably with any 'in the Ministry, so one of them might have replied,' even if it had been only the Attorney-General. (Laughter.) He had brought with him copies of the Farmers' Messenger, the Metlwdist Journal, and the Premier's speech at Willunga. (Laughter.) He had not the advantage of knowing what had been said, but there were so many things to be said with reference to^ that Ministry that it would be difficult for any one speaking on the subject not to say a great deal which would be damaging to the administration of the Govern ment. The Minister of Agriculture and Educa tion had advocated party government, and said, 'I will teach you.' (The Minister of Agricul ture and Education—' I never said that.') The hon. member's speeches were saturated with the sentiment be had just enunciated.- - He cou-: gratulated the Governmpnt on having Mr. Blyth in their party. Did the hon. member when censuring him for not carrying out proper pariy Government say that he was now administrating party Government with the pre-' sent Ministry, which was a mass of incongruous atoms, and had nothing in common between them. There was nothing in common iwjtween the Minister- of Agriculture and Education aud Sir Henry Ayers, and was there any sympathy between the Minister and the Treasurer? (The Treasurer — 'Tea'; laughter.) The apology given by -the hon. member at Edithburgh was that he recalled the words used at Gumeracha in t. political but not in a private sense. That made the matter worse, and if any case demanded severe personal denunciation it was that. He had personally been bitterly attacked both in and- out of session, and statements were made which were contrary to fact. (Hear, hear ; ' Show them.') The Commissioner of Public Works had himself refuted one of the charges, that he had granted -leases to squatters. He would remind the House that when the last no-confidence motion was debated, suggestions had been made against the occupants of the Treasury benches — which he hoped would not be repeated — by the Premier, who seemed to be of a religious turn of mind. It ill became the head of the Government to be in unity with the Minister of Agriculture and Education. Sir Henry Ayers had done him great injustice in attacking him with regard to his own dis trict when he was away, and he now took the only opportunity he had Jof replying to him. Sir Henry Avers had said the Victor Harbor breakwater was lost by the intrigues between him and Mr. Morgan. He denied that, and as soon as he returned to the colony, he ob tained letters which proved it to be abso lutely untrue. Mr. Main, who was interested in the 'work, waited on the Premier, and in the conversation the Premier scouted the idea of putting £35,000 on the Estimates after the £100,000 had been lost. He would «all their attention to an extract from the Methodist Journal, one of the Ministerial organs. {Oh, oh ; laughter.) The two Ministerial organs were that paper and the Farmers' Jfesseiujti; while' all the other papers opposed the Govern ment. ('Because they are not in our confi dence.*) That meant then, that those two papers were in their confidence. (Laughter.) The Library Committee had prohibited the Far mers' Messenger from being within the precincts of that House. The extract was, ' We see Mr. Kay has given notice of motion requiring the production of the correspondence anent the ap pointment of the new magistrates. That the Government had committed a serious blunder the best friends of the Ministry must admit. Nevertheless, Mr. White, for receiving a con sideration not to bid, was no worse than the honored and honorable member of the Legisla tive Council who gave the consideration. Mr. White has been acquitted by the highest Court in the land after having been somewhat sum marily deprived of office while the matter was sub judice.' The attempt to restore -a' fallen man may have been generously designed, but it has offended tbe moral sentiment of the colony, while it has secured no kind of support to the Government, Mr. White being already a notorious adherent.' He charged the Go vernment with the reappointment of 'Mr. James White to tbe roll of magistrates. The suggestion of comparing Mr. White- to Mr. Hay was entirely unwarranted, as 'Mr. Hay gave no consideration. (Mr. White-^' Twenty poundB. You had the consideration.') He assured Mr. White that he had uo illfeeling against him, but he had a public duty to per form. It was a bad thing for South Australia when a man could not be permitted to do his duty to the country without being accused of being interested, and having personal feeling in the matter. He denied the statement of the Zfethodist Journal, as there was no comparison* Even if so, the Government were not justified in replacing Mr. White on the roll. (Mr. White — 'Yes.') Would the hon. member say there was no otber understanding between him and theGo^ vernment — ('No')— or were the Government not expecting to get some advantage by the api poiritoenfr? (** Certainly not.') - It ? had been said there was a resemblance - between ?- Mr. Coles and 'Mr. White, but Mr. Coles stood in the same position with Mr.' Hay. (Mr. White— ' Land sharks always, .support the farmers.') If that were the case, what 'Would be the ad vantage of passing any Lund Acts ? On the eve of a vote of no-confidence last session, and knowing that the voting would be very close, he yet removed Mr. WhiWfrom the roll because that hon. gentleman had by his own testimony done that which was highly reprehensible. He was fined £l,S00, and was saved from paying that fine by a technical objection. Still the Government felt it their duty to remove him, and public opinion was with them and justified them. He never heard any suggestion to the contrary. (Mr. White— 'You lost your place in the Government in consequence.') The Government might have lost their positions, but they had not lost their honor. (Hear, hear. Mr. White—' You got dE2,000 from Whittaker.' Order.) No greater blow could be given to South Australia than was given by the conduct of the Ministry in replacing Mr. White. If he had not been re moved from the Bench, it would have been a - very different thing; but putting in men like Mr. White, after he had admitted on oath, to practices for which he had ibeen removed by him (Mr. Boacaut) was unjustifiable to the last degree. He :(JIr. Boucaut) did not want to justify him -self for removing Mr. White, but he wanted to ' .know what excuse the-Ministry .had for putting i ?him on again. He would «ay there had been I some understanding between them. (' No, no,' ?from Ministers.) The hon. member read ex itracts from the Supreme Court reports in the ;caseof Hailes v. White, and the Judge's re jmarks on the conduct of Mr. White, and said he might have been wrong in removing Mr. White, ;but he believed that he was right. The Minister :of Agriculture and Education had been most ?pronounced in his opinion that it was desirable 'to punish these landsharks, and yet I he approved of the Teappointment of Mr. White, who had committed even- since ?his removal a still graver offence. (Mr. White ; — 'That is not true.' ) If he had wronged;that j gentleman in any of bis remarks he would apologise to him, but he believed he was ; thoroughly justified in removing him, and in j blaming the Ministry for replacing him. He 'then referred to the case of Brooks v. Coles, 1 and remarked that Mr. Coles said, ' Oh, hbre's White! we must stop his mouth.' (Mr. Coles— ^ '' That's not my evidejic£v_aud you know it.') Mr. Boucaut apologised to the hon. member, and said it was Brooks who was speakiug. He then alluded to the fact, that the office of J.P. ; was refused by several gentlemen at Kapunda. ! (The Attorney- General — ' They have never I been asked.') They refused to tafee office as '? J.l-:s'. because the office bad been degraded, aud ; he challenged the Attorney-General to bring ? down Mr. Varley's report and read it. That House had passed an Act of Parliament to pre veDt the very deeds of which Mr. White had ' been accused in [the case of Hailes v. White, ; and if he were not guilty why did he compromise ,- i the matter? (Mr. White-1-' It was not compro mised/') Was not the payment of £380. a. 'compromise? and if that act were allowed to . pass unchallenged and unrebuked honest Go vernment would be no longer possible in South 'Australia. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Bosicaut next i alluded to the rejoicing of the Minister of ! Agriculture at Editbburgh over the elections, and his having failed to draw up regulations re immigration. He said as a member of the i Ministry of action his muddlingand bungling was atrocious,; but histalking powers were something i wonderful; When he (Mr. Boucaut) announced j his policy he stated that his colleague had drawn up the immigration regulations, but these S regulations never reached him. (Mr. Ward — I ' Here they are ; read them.') Mr. Boucaut ? said these regulations were not submitted to j him in a form to be gazetted. (Mr. Ward — j ' Ko.r) I informed the hon. geutleinan if I he would approve of their policy I would draw the regulations, but would not act i as a mere clerk ; it was his own fault that ; they were not gazetted. He remembered that the bon. gentleman was more prone to ; making elaborate harangues before his con ; stitueuts than to performing the work of his office. Another grave mistake of the Ministry was in relation to the setting aside of lands to i furnish additional funds for carrying oat the ' Education Act, for after boasting that these ? lands should be of fair average quality, and there should be no mock grant, they had put ; them up to auction at the end of two years ; without getting a bidder for them, and this was 1 another of their shams and delusions. He , next referred to the sectarian influences that had been brought to'bear on the appointments I of Mr. Minns and Mr. Broadbent. and asked ' if capers upon this subject had hot been : sent to Mr. Carr. (The Commissioner of Crown ! Lands — ' I don't know . anything about it.'). 1 That was 'a question that would have to be cleared up. because it was a great grievance to : other teachers. Mr. BroadBent was reported by the1 Model School authorities to be unqualified as a teacher, and at the instance of the Com missioner of Crown Lands he was appointed teacher at Kangarilla. (The Commissioner of Crown lands — 'Mr. Broadbent was sent to Kangarilla 18 months ago, but- he was recom mended by 18 or 20 householders, and I can't say whether my signature was amongst them.') The statement made to him was that after Broadbent was dismissed he was put into another school, and as. was stated in a letter in the' Advertise?- that when Mr. Minus arrived in this colony, he carried his appointment to the Bundle-street school in his pocket, ?while at the same time other teachers had been requested to send iu their applications for the appointments. This communication was made to the late Mr. Harcus, aud the teacher who made the statement was taken to task for it by the 'President'. The Eev. Mr. Bickford sent a recommendation of 'Mr. Minns,' which was endorsed by Mr. Carr, and 'Mr. Minns, who had only obtained a seventh-class certificate received the appointment. That was done by means of sectarianism, and because he was a local preacher of the same denomination to which they belonged. Broadbeut was also a local preacher of the same denomination, and it was not long after a sheet of foolscap written by Mr. Broadbent had been marked ' childish' that he was sent as a teacher to the Model School. In a letter Mr. Minns asked Mr. Broadbent to act as a sub-agent for an Insurance Company, it was very undesirable that teachers should act as insurance agents, as they could not thus do full justice to their educational duties. He asked the Commissioner of Crown Lands to explain this matter, and said further enquiry into the matter would be necessary. These circumstances showed that tbe Education De partment had not been conducted as it should be ; and the fact that Mr. Minns had been allowed to be a local preacher while teacher showed that due care had not been exercised. As this Government had announced itself to be a Ministry of action, he would refer to the volunteer matter. They waited till war was announced on the continent of Europe before they did anything, 'and then hurriedly called for volunteers, although the Treasurer had' laughed ct the idea of local forces, and said they would be useless. That hon. gentleman scouted the idea of £15,000 being sufficient foe the pur poses of defending the colony, but it at least would have provided the arms and ammunition which the Government had since been obliged to order at a greatly increased expense. He had no desire to dwell on the Premier's remark as to volunteers being of no more use than a lot of old women dressed, in red petticoats, but would simply say that in this matter he had no faith in the sincerity of the Government who had only agreed ' to call for.volunteers .when absolutely compelled to 'do so by the voice of the country. Then look at the awful muddle they made of the quarantine arrangements. He (Mr. Boucaut) placed £5,000 down on the Estimates towards a quarantine station, and this would have saved the immense waste of money which bad occurred. Further, there was the matter of the railway waggons, and he could tell the Commissioner of Public Works that there was a great deal of anxiety in the- public mind as to the way in. which the Public Works Departmeut was managed. (The Commissioner .of Public Works — 'I am sorry for' It*) He thought there ought to be an en-, quiry iu the matter.. (The Commissiisner of' Public Works—' Hear, hear.') The' next thing be complained of was the Jarge sales of land the Government had sanctioned for the purpose of bolstering up the revenue. Then he did not think that Mr. Mais, the Engineer-in-Chief, should have been treated as he' was treated by the Commissioner of Public Works at the opening of the Port Pirie railway, as it would tend to prevent that harmony which should exist between the head of a department and his subordinates. The hon. member then read the letters he had previously referred to, received from Mr. Main, the Hon. W. Morgan, J. Fisher, and W. Everard, with reference to Sir j Henry Ayere'-s statement at the Burra. If, he said, such statements were allowed to pass with out censure there would be an end to all honor and justice in the country. From its inception this Ministry had shown a desire to do nothing but wait on Providence. The Chief Secretary's ; action was simply characteristic, for he had j always depended upon some one else for a policy. ' The real Government of the colony at present ?was composed of Sir Henry Ayers and Mr. ! Ward. The one was the ballast, and the other , the flying canvas. (Laughter.) One was going | down hill, and rapidly too, and the other was acting as a drag, as Sir Henry Ayers always had been. The Minister of Education came .down there and ascertained what was likely to please the majority, then told Sir Henry Ayers, and it was carried out by the others.. He (Mr. Boucaut) was there to vote with his friends — (laughter and hear, hear) — and he felt that he should be thoroughly justified in turning out such a Ministry. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He had not led the Opposition; if he had intended doing this he should have been there every day, and should have criticised their measures item by item, and line by line. He had intended letting them go on, believing that .the longer they went on the more incompetent ithey would prove themselves. 'His friends said ; — 'But in the meantime they will ruin the jcountry.'' He replied that one had to study ordinary political expediencies, and for this he had the example of Mr. Disraeli. He could tell ithe Ministry that they would go out. (Laughter ?and 'oh no.'). There had been hints thrown ;out about a'dissolution. (The Commissioner of ? (Public Works— 'No.') The friends : of- the ' Ministry had said so ; had said that there was ]a 'promise of a dissolution. . (The Minister -of i Agriculture and Education — 'We have so many ? iriends we cannot be responsible for all.') The . ; Ministry had fewer friends than they thought.' iLook at the Burra and look at 'the fact ?that the ? Premier in his own district ; was obliged to 'shelter himself behind the statement -that he ;was speakiug to the country at large. (Laughter Uind ' Hear,; hear.') The country -was against ithe -Ministry. (Cries of '' No,1' 'from ' the ? Ministry.) The Press without exception was , against them. (The Minister of Agriculture and ' Education — ' Hear, hear.') Without exception the Press had recognised their incapacity. It \- was generally believed and generally hoped that they would go out. The thoughtful men of \- Adelaide were anxious that they should be turned out, and even many of the Premier's I own friends confessed that it would be better I that he should go out of office. The general ! feeling of the country was that Mr. Colton did . ! not stand so high as he did before he formed ! the present Ministry. (Cheers.) I The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS j confessed that at a scolding match he was inferior to Mr. Boucaut, He did not think Mr. jPlajford had made out a good case. The ques tion of the formation of the Ministry could not ! very well be entertained, seeing that the_ House : j itself bad supported the Ministry during the past 12 months. As to the suburban lands re if erred to at Boobco. owie, they were surveyed 1 under instructions lrom his predecessor in ' \office. In the ordinary course of things ithey were offered for sale, and it did not ; attract his notice until it was pointed out to him that the suburban lands were taken out of ione of the main travelling reserves leading j north of the Burra and Farrell's Flat Stations, and on consideration he withdrew those lands. As to the other matter, Mr. Boucaut would have '. I known nothing if there had not been a breach , of confidence somewhere. Young Broadbent . ? was a very respectable young man, perhaps no , \- great genius, and not a local preacher, although. . ?he did not know that it would be any great ; harm'if lie was. He (the Commissioner) sent I him to Mr.. Minns as a pupil — at least he took' I part in it — simply out of pure friendship. And i wi en Mr. Broadbent came to KangariUa, near ? I which he (the Commissioner) lived, he signed ' j — at least he was not sure if he signed — a me morial to the District Council of Clarendon that he might be appointed as a' teacher. ' But. what harm was there in this. . Was he not to have anything to do with Kangarilla 'because he was . ; a Minister of the Crown ? However, he 'was I not a Minister of the Crown when he did this, but he was a local preacher, and local preachers' must be very careful as ' to . what they did. (Laughter.) He had nothing,' to with Mr. Broadbent's going to the Training School. On one occasion he asked how he was getting on, ? and two papers were shown him. (Mr. Rees — ' Trial papers.'} He felt as certain as he could be from memory that they were not trial papers. He ? knew nothing of the result of the examination, and all he did was done in his personal capacity, I and as a resident of Kangarilla. He exerted : no influence and had nothing to do with Broad bent's going to Mr. Minns'e School till he went there. As to the educational lands, he was glad Mr. Playford had read the statements he (the Commissioner) made at Willunga. They were perfectly true. With one exception they were not necessarily let to the squatter. He objected to the policy of the former Commis sioner of Crown Lands of the withdrawal from selection of good land. One hundred and tweuty thousand acres were so withdrawn, and the complaints among the farmers were loud and deep. Because the farmers could not obtain the fee-simple of these educational lands was the reason that they did not care about taking it up. The Act said that they might offer the land at the end of one year, but they went further than that, and allowed it to remain open ' for two yeai s and a half. Then it was offered, and the best of the remaining lands were selected for the Education Council to take from. In Canada the land set apart for investment had increased so much in value that the Government had to step in and claim its right to resume part of it. ; Iu the United States the value of the land had been increased by the fact of one square mile I in eacli township being granted instead of large pastoral reserves in agricultural districts. There seemed to be a forgetf ulness of the large public works, and the laud policy the Government had introduced, which had passed its second reading. — (' How about law?') — and also the law Bills they were contemplating. (Hear, hear.) ? The opponents of the Government, could not promise the Stamps Bill, the Outer Harbor scheme, or Bishop Bugnion's scheme. Mr. Play ford had made a great point of the Minister of Agriculture and Education having mismanaged * some business which ;h~ad caused a loss of £500, - but to talk about that as a reason for a vote of confidence was absurd. (' Oh, oh.') He would be sorry to be happy on the occasion of such a debate as the present, which made it uncom-' fortable even for a person who, like himself, . felt absolutely certain of victory far his Bide, With reference to the charge of sectarianism, - was there any sectarianism in sending the Eev. Mr. Thome to England ? (' No.') He did not think that there was, but still the Government had sent a minister to England. 'He did not ' think that 'Mr. Playford was the person to I attack him about Broadbenf s affair, as ' the Itev. Dr. Antliff, who 'had a roving commission with a payment of £6' 5s. per lecture, which was £625 thrown away had ? been appointed by Mr. Playford The rev. gentleman- was . a leading member of the Primitive Methodist connection. With the carefulness of the speakers to find out - j the faults of the Government it was strange that graver and. more numerous faults ? had not been discovered and mentioned. - , ' ' \- Mr. SEES protested against the remarks, i made by Mr. Johnson, who had gone out of hiB way to defend conduct on the part of the Minister of Agriculture and Education which was. thoroughly indefensibly. Theattack should have, been, summarily punished .at the time, and for. Mr. Ward net to have.inade a public apology1, was as degarding to 'the House as to himself. J He congratulated Mr; Playford- ontSe temperate character of- h'is speech. : If rthfljGommissioner : of Crown Lands had expressed his satisfaction at the charges made not being graver, yet the mover had left plenty to give the other mem bers of the Ministry an opportunity of going more explicitly into the matter than the Com missioner of Crown Lands had condescended to do. If anything were worthy of disapproval it was the action of the Government in the matter of quarantine. Quarantines and laza rettes in other parts of the world were formed ? on a different system to that adopted by the Government of this colony. It was providential that the colony was not suffering from the disastrous results of the action of the Government. The first thing done by the Government to grapple with the diffi culty was to coop up a number of people on board the British Enterprise. Persons were all aware that people just coming off a voyage were mere liable to infection than people on shore, and yet they were placed' on board ship which had infectious disease on board. Torrens Island had been recommended as a quarantine station. Instead of paying attention to that recommendation — perhaps to save the votes of the two members for the Port — Dr. Duncan was called on to report. The Government had then decided to keep the people on the ship. They could not point out any floating quarantine hulk which had been successful; Mr. West Erskine on his return from England recom mended ' that the whole of the immigrants should be put on Torrens Island, and tents erected for them, so that the wind could blow all contagion away. They were first kept' on one ship and afterwards three ships were hired to make the quarantine as complete as possible. The Government had to pay £30 .per day de murrage on the British Enterprise, and £40 for the J. L. Hall, Ashburton, and the Fleur de Maurice, which made £500 per week. If that amount, were used for the purpose of erecting a quarantine station they would have buil^ a station which would effectually deal with any disease: they might have iu the future. The total amount would be between £5,000 and £6j000. The proposal now was to adopt Waraultie Island, to which he strongly dis igreed as being too far away. The serious langer they had to encounter had passed away n .spite of the efforts of the.. Government. The Land Bill had been held up as a sort of red rag for years, and the Minister of Agriculture and Education had said he regarded it as being of supreme importance. He further explained ;he condition, of the Land 'Bill from the time when theMinisterof Agriculture and Education took office. Hon. members who had been long enough. in the House, to remember Mr. Ward's conduct and accusations would see the applica bility of the lines': — ? 'What tho' long years of mutual treachery ; Had peopled full your Ministerial shelves . With ghosts of pledges murdered 'mong your selves. . Though each by turns was knave and dupe what then? . . . ... j A holy league would -set all straight again , Like Juno's virtue,' which a dip or two . In some blessed fountain male as good as new.' That was the opinion of the hon. member in 1874\. He had been two years in office, and no better condition of things prevailed now. The first year he was in office his ? Land Bill was jlaughed out of the House; and in the second [year of his office he told the House that owing to the severe strain upon his nerves and his frame - by his continued exertions, and close attention to the duties of his office^ he had to go away to Melbourne — to the races. (Laughter.) What was peculiar about the hon. gentleman's trip ?to Melbourne was that he had condemned Mr. Mann in the following terms; — 'And it does not say much for the earnestness of the Attorney-General in the matter that he should have gone away to Melbourne before knowing what would be the fate of the Bill in the Couccil. Under any circumstances it is hardly decent that Ministers of the Crown should take their holidays before their work is |fairly finished,, but for the Attorney- General to jdesert bis post with the Land Act unsettled, and when' his assistance may be most urgently required respecting it, is more than, ordinarily jpeeuliar. It is -well enough known that the ihon. gentleman's political conscience is pretty imuch seared by this time, but we are still jwilling to hope he will be somewhat troubled in yhis mind,' when he learns the position in which the measure now stands.' ;While'the Minister of Agriculture was away ?his second Land Bill was discharged, and the :hon. -gentleman did not even -shed a tear over i its funeral obsequies. (Laughter.) The ? same 'Minister strongly denounced Mr. Everard because certain binds were put up for sale in Millicent, and in the past year Jthe Government had' put up 80,000 acres for sale in the Hundreds of Bagot, ; English, and Neales, and as many as 16,000 'acres could have been secured in one block. ! (A voice — ' Was it secured ?') No, but it showed ! just as much against the Minister who would i allow the 6quatters to . secure such blocks. Mr. Playford had informed them that he prepared nearly the whole of the pre \ sent Land Bill — (cries of no, no) — and 'he believed Mr. Playford's statement. With i regard to *he Wirrabara Forest Reserves, that ' was a matter in which Mr, Carr had exhibited ? his usual peculiar vacillation. A great injus '. tice had been done the colonial manufacturers j by the Commissioner of Public Works ' (Mr. j Colton), and there was a growing feeling j of dissatisfaction amongst colonial manufac j turers, because they did not receive fair play from ; Mr. Colton.- It was & fact that not a single tender ; had been sent in for the 200 waggons required ' by the Government, and at the same time our : skilled artisans were leaving the colony. Messrs.' ' Hawkes, Mellor, and Martin (of Gawler) had i embarked a large amount of capital in m&nu-; ? factures of this kind,. but they were debarred ; from tendering by the absurd conditions that were imposed, and the brief . time^ ; only six .days — allowed for sending in tenders. I On the subject of Mr. Minns he said that gentle man came over here at the instigation of the j Commissioner of Crown Lands. (Mr. Carr — ' No. no ; why I never knew him.' Laughter.) I He (Mr. Rees) would show Mr. Carr that he knew Mr. Minns now. (More laughter.) He ! then commented upon Mr. Minns's arrival here . and appointment to. the Bundle-street School ? while there were competent teachers unem 1 ployed in the colony. (Hear, hear.) They had i a right to enquire whether there were not men in the colony capable of filling such appoint ments, worth £400 and - £500 'per annum, before they went outside. This was the result of sectarianism, and there would be a word of ; indignation against the Roman Catholics if isuch things were perpetrated by them. He 'next referred to the ' breach of regulations 1 that had been committed id the appointment of Mr. Broadbent, and said that Mr. Minns, while 1 a guest at Mr. Carr's house, told that gentleman . that Mr. Broadbeut was totally unfitted for the: j position to which he' was promoted. He- (Mr. ? Bees) had that statement from Mr. Minns hitn ; self, so that Mr. Carr could not plead -ignorance- j upon this subject. There was another breach of regulations. Mr. Minns was- the; agent for an Insurance Company in Melbourne, and the-. ! Commissioner of Crown Lands was actually his bondsman. ' ' . r '! The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS. ? rose to explain that he did not become Mr. Minna's bondman until that gentlemen's con nection with the Education Department had ceased. (Laughter and applause.) . - ... Mr. REES said a Board of Enquiry should be \ appointed toenquireintotheconductoftheCoun- ; cil of Education, and he further dealt with the actions of that body. Referring *gain to the Mi - ; nisterof Agriculture and Education, he said the Minister 'was deserving, of censure if he did not: cany out the compulsory clauses of the Act. : Those clause's were in full force in London,' and some effort .should be made to enforce them here.'' Two schools had just been closed at North- Adelaide, and why were they not kepi open'.: Dr. Peel had made a. -statement at me Town Hall, ' That children of poor parents were being excluded from, the Model Schools: in favor -of ; those of the rich,' and Mr. Ward in one of his. quixotic fits .wrote to the President condemning this practTce,-inere]y: with the idea of gaining popularity at the cost of setting class againsf class. ; iBq* what.wsR ibostireniarkablp waa.that Mr. Ward's own son had been attending the North Adelaide School. (The Minister of Agriculture and Education — 'That statement is wholly untrue My son never was there.') Mr. Rees was astonished, but must have been misinformed. He hoped he would not be con tradicted in his next statement. (Laughter.) One of Mr. Ward's first acts on returning to office was to stay the advertised sale of the leases of educational reserves in blocks of 5,000 acres, and arrange so that they could be sold in blocks of 20,000 acres. This had given rise to a great deal of correspondence in the papers, and the Council of Education had lost a great deal of money in consequence of the action of the Minister. The Council had lost tbe rent accruing from these lands for over eight months, and the subdivisions that had recently taken place had not put the lands into the hands of the farmers, but ' they had been secured by the squatters. The Commissioner of Crown Lands, at Willunga, said he regretted this, and the apology was repeated at Edith bnrgh by the Minister of Agriculture, who also wrote in the Formers' Messenger- 'We have already received a large number of commu nications from various parts of the- colony, stating that the withdrawal of the large blocks, with a view to their subdivision, will prove a great boon to the farmers settled in the vicinity of these lands.' ? Many of the mistakes which Mr. Hartley had made might have been pre vented had the Minister of Agriculture and Education been a gentleman with whom he could have conversed, and obtained some as- ' sistance from. Mr. Rees next spoke of ' the bungling' of the Hon. the Commissioner oE ; Public Works, in connection with the contract for- the Burra and Hallett Railway, and said that the Commissioner disregarded the warnings of - the engineer as to the levels being low and the danger from floods. ( Mr. Colton — *« No, No.') The floods.: had done considerable damage, and : he asked the House to set the statement of the Burra News -against the statement of the Com missioner. This would involve a very large expenditure, and quite contradicted Mr. Ward's boastful allusion to. Mr. Colton, that he could get the railways constructed cheaper than the contractors. With reference to the railway ap pointments, the Commissioner of Public Works had taken the credit which properly belonged to Mr. Boucaut. ' He would say- with Dean Swift - —'I never wonder to see men wicked, hat I do wonder to see them not ashamed.' (Laughter.) He complained that the Commissioner of ' Public Works exercised his authority in 8 tyrannical manner, and to a degree that was ? intolerable to contractors, and Messrs. Fry, Baillie, and Chapman, who had read his (Mr. - Rees's) previous remarks upon this subject, had \- informed him that what he had stated was abso lutely true.- The present regulations gave rise to -a very iniquitous system by leaving it in the power of one man to say whether the work was well done or. badly done. In England the In stitute of Civil Engineers and the Royal Insti tute of British Architects had decided that arbitrators . should be called in in cases of tyranny ; but ; here the contractors had to make provision in their contracts for losses .by . unfair treatment, and this in- ? volved a large extra cost on the works. : On the -subject of the appointment of: magis trates, - he said be believed Mr. White had * been over punished because the : community has a spasmodic fit of morality,, and if the. Ministry ^considered, ?- that Mr. White ought -to have been reinstated, they should have reinstated him -directly they assumed office. (A voice-r-Perhaps he ?would'nt have taken it then.) Mr. Bees — 'It would have been better if. he had never taken it.' (Laughter and applause.) He said appointments to the Bench . had been hawked- about Kapunda and refused, and if. this was the condition, to which the office of Police Magistrate was reduced, he thought it . was high time that the office should be abolished altogether, and that the duties be fulfilled by Stipendiary Magistrates. : (Hear, hear.) He complained of the unkind and nncourteous treatment to .which he and his colleague had been subjected by the Commissioner of Crown . Lands when . he was . present at the laving of a foundation-Btone at Kooringa. and charged 'him iwith having made, use of lan guage that was unknown in the vocabulary of a . gentleman,- and -which had not since been apologised for.. .With regard to the defences jthe ?Commissroner of Public Works ridiculed Mr.Boucaut's suggestion that £15,000 should be placed on the Estimates for the purchase of a gunboat, and now it was a fact that Mr. Reed, the late constructor of the English Navy, was - recommending - gunboats as the best naval -' means of defrjee for the old country. This deputation- hunting and time-serving JKinistry were driven by the popular voice into making some provision for a volunteer force, and in their, absurd and ridiculous action in ? regard to defence they would place two play- * things at the Semaphore from which only 40 rounds could be fired before the guns . had to be tested again :at Woolwich, and there was no provision made for ? procuring the cartridges here. (Laughter.) .On the question of the tariff, the Treasurer displayed a most pitiful ignorance of the sub jject when waited upon by deputations, and the 'tariff at tbe present moment was a thing of : 'shreds and patches, and utterly unworthy of that i House. This tariff dealt only with everything that was worn and used by the working man, while the rich friends of Sir Henry Ayers were * allowed to go scot free. This tariff had mate rially interfered with our relations with New South Wales, and that was the colony to which . we should look to be associated with, bnt our communication with it had been - .very iseriouBly imperilled. (No, no.) Looking; at that -tariff from every point of view, it was one- of the most egregious . follies of the Ministry that now occupied the Treasury benches. (Hear, heat.) This Ministry had said nothing wbateverof taxation, although some of their number had previously been par ties to the passing of a Stamps Bill, and had .promised to introduce a sound system of tax*- 1 tion that should fall fairly on all classes of the community. Mr. Colton, at Willunga, stated — .' ' Taxation was the keystone of Mr. Boucauf s . policy. . He said we could not borrow without - the additional taxation to sustain our credit. . !The present Government did not adopt that, as he did not think we wanted ?:. taxation. .* If . we had wanted it he would have been* the .first ' to come out there and say. so.' Sir Henry Ayers on the 25th of November, 1875, : contradicted bis colleague and said the revenue : to be raised under the Stamps Bill would be t altogether inefficient to make up the deficiency - in the revenue.' He also remarked, ** The fact : was the property class knew that their interests Svere safe in the keeping of the Council.' This xemirded him of what Hudibras wrote — : ' .' ' *» What is it to us if taxes rise and fall ; : ; : Thanks to our fortunes, we pay none at all.:- - {(Laughter.) Mr. Rees then made an onslaught. ' jupon Sir Henry Ayera and the Hon. Treasurer, and charged them with incapacity, self- conceit, :and other Sailings sufficient n- /justify iheir ex pulsion from the Treasury benches. He said ?Mr. Morgan at the Town Hall- had publicly ^classified 'men who were able .but not honest,/ jmen who were honest but not able, and men who:.' ?were neither able nor honest^' and the tariff-: : proved that it was to the hitter class .thftti 'some members of the Ministry belonged,: He, i said the Treasurer^ was an absolute failure,! j and like the statue of Mercury in 'the story, her jwasoDly a makeweight, and fa calculating .the; i value of the ' great godB' musTne thrown in for ; nothing. llTri Bees then spoke of the time* when there were 15,0d0,people on the Peninsula who were reduced to great extremities owing to I want of water, and notwithstanding the anxiety ?: of: the inhabitants, the Commissioner of . Public *- , Works for four months gave the. matter 'his. ; serious consideration.' (Hear, hear.) When x jthe Hon. Commissioner did take action, that: action was lamentably deficient, and had not. providence came to jtheir aid with a copious / shower the results would tore been very serious. , He allowed these I unfortunate -people on the _ Peninsula to; have the «eedff:of fever sown! amongst them; and to be famishing for want pf; water, through hie own incapacity todrneglecfc Having quoted iat drome , length -the speeches of . , 1 Mr. Colton? and Mr; OaiT: at ^lllongai ion the outer harbor scheme, and Mr. Warjlillloptnjctos on tbe same subject^ he then commented on the action with regard to Bishop Bugnion, and said they had covered that prelate with ridicule, and that it would have been better to have made the suggested experiment of colonization. In re ference to Mr. Colton's views with regard to taxation, he thought the hon. member hid mis taken dissimulation for diplomacy. (Laughter and cheers.) The Government speech exhi bited no new policy. It promised a railway from Hamley Bridge to Balaklava which was to conciliate five members ; it promised a reform in the Supreme Court procedure, modelled above all things on Queensland measures. The Drainage Bill the Government had taken up was a failure, and as to the Real Property Bill, Sir Henry Avers had shown his customary in capacity and obstinacy. He complained of members of the Ministry endeavoring to in fluence the South-East election, and of the treachery of the Minister of Agriculture and Education. As to Sir Henry Ayers, his whole political career was, he argued, made up of in consistencies ; he had accepted a knighthood for services he had never rendered; had broken every pledge be had made, and he had simply been all things to all men, without the Apostle's ability. He was merely the instrument of the dominant party of the time. (Laughter and cheers.) The Ministry had simply been the medium to pass certain measures, and now their mission was ended. Ur. LINDSAY said he had been a member of the Opposition, but if no graver charge could be preferred against the Ministry than had been made that day, be thought the verdict would be in their favor, but he should vote agairst them because he did not think that their policy was the policy that should be held by the Ministry of South Australia at the present time. He was glad that the question of the ap pointment of Justices of the Peace had been, brought forward, as he did not think the action of the Government the proper action. He should like to hear something of the policy of those who proposed to take the places of the Government, and in giving his vote should be guided by a desire to study the interests of the country. He thought the Govern ment should be annihilated as politicians for sanctioning three railway gauges, but the House generally was as bad as the Government, for they had agreed to the same thing. He condemned the Government also for the reck less system of immigration which they had carried out. Thirdly, he said the Government had neglected to give accommodation for a larger class of ocean steamers, beyond an abortive attempt to remove the outer bar, which would never be removed in that way. Then the Govemmenthaderroneouslyendeavoredtoobtain a railway revenue by high rates on all lines. He sympathised with a good deal that had been said by Mr. Bees with regard to the Bishop Bugnion scheme. Nearly every Ministry that had ever been formed had been comparatively im becile. Nearly every Ministry seemed to bestrong while in Opposition, but they appeared to lose all their power directly they got on the Treasury benches. The tenders for railway waggons had. been mentioned, and if what was said was true it was a case of gross mismanagement;. He should move that the following words be added to the motion : — '. Because they have sanctioned three railway gauges.' The SPEAKER pointed out that this was out of order. It was the Parliament who had sanc tioned the railway measures, and if the hon. member wanted to deal with that he would have to table a motion for a rescission of the Bills passed for the lines. Mr. LINDSAY would strike that out, and would pioceed with his other reasons : — ' 1. That they have recklessly introduced unsuit able immigrants at the public expense. 2. That they have neglected to enquire into the most feasible scheme for getting accommodation at or near Port Adelaide for ocean steamers. 3. That they have attempted to make the railways reproductive by imposing high fares upon the lines of small traffic instead of raising a revenue from the lines of large traffic.' Mr. RAMSAY seconded the amendment. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WOBKS moved the adjournment of the debate. This was agreed to, and the adjourned deba'e was fixed for the next day. The House adjourned at 9.40 till the follow ing day. 