CHBISTMAS-TIDE. ' By D. O' Donovan! TTZZGi BEAUTIFUL indeed -nre'nlhthe festal occn- IF ? B:l siuns of theyear, subtliritling time by tlieir'i V (i« V regulafi recurrence, nnd'aiTcrslfyiug'thi:1 '? '*''» dream of human1 HfoiHsjib elides away between onrth-. Mid heaven, lhcy are, like: ancient churches, which wo ,moet as wo pass along iipon our mortni journey, green with' tho ivy of centuries, auni'titicd with the prayers of gcnorntiptiBJ precibuB to us for tho clustered Memories of ages which nrb liroiliid them, and snored for the softening and purifying Influence which tjib light of their pictured 'windows seems to carry with it to the soul, 'Amongst all theso hallowed festivals, tharo is none, howover, bo welcome to the, heart as the happy, holy schbou ot (Jhristiuaa. II. is essentially the.foast of 'other daya,' thpono. which brings before us the lenderest and.brightcst recollections, images fairer and dearer fur than even the realities still visible ; the oun which wakens thoso oehous of the paBt that at olher anniversaries aro uilcnt asj the dead, ,, Then it is, thai wo gather again, in imagination, tliu prim'roeca that gave form to our first childish emotions of beamy ? then we daub again with bound ing heart amongst thc.nhiyniatcii. of pur boyhood, and live once more tho brilliant, ntoimy days of youth. It brings back to us, tor a moment the innumerable . nrrnj of visionary' thoughts' Unit keep-deploying as if from one eternity to 'another, now in dark and sullen nmssim, now in long hnd darling ' lines', brightened as if with upear-poiiilH imd stimilur da ;''. npiv accom panied with mimic .uarliko anil .tempestuous,' now with' .'(flutes and soft recorders,' liutbroathiiig |nniiiia of victory, but hymns ot peace. Then it is thai, the phantasmagoria ot bygone 'llfu daiieo upon the shadowy' wall before us, and the mind is thronged with '.thoughts that, like phantonis.'tracklcBS, cbm'o nnd.go.'! AU'inory steals io our nidu, hearing in her hand I ho prism of imagination, througli which wu look into this long vihtliB behind us, peopled with the old familiar forms, which we eherlsti thb moro fiiiidly' that We miiy never scii them more ; for then it is ? , . , ? . Tiial'kho iflvi't im hiilik' the dual),''- ??'??? K'cn In tlii; luviilkiit luilu they wuro, '*V -4J*-X;Ifv--..,, On that day th through Ilia world, and tho dcepust emotions ot her heart arc stirred j and i many a one that has sought a home in ! other lands, and is fain to own them a more j prosperous abode, longs to bo once more amongst tho merry groups iii his childhoods i home. Thiit childhood's homo I— how il. riugs, liko a grove in »,-rinK, with Ibo din of I creatures blither than all tho birds in the I world ! How bright tho holly bough looks down upon their happiness 1 How cheerily burns tho yule log, like an altur-forgo whero links of alfoction are wedded, never to bo i broken'!1 What.1 a thrill tho nlens-.nl; song i oomls through these innocent hearts I What ? MndJinfMa beams in tho eyes of all, ns I hey ' scorn gaihcroit together-round the ho'y well I of lovo'which sprim;s up at Christmas time ! in 'the arid deserts or life 1 There, beside that i homo, in tho old churchyard, -where wo j often climbed Io reach the starliug'B and the ! martin's nest ; there lie the loved aiid j TOribrntodj.for, whom, icveu. now that so many j yours have passed, ,wu fool in thiB hushed | and , solomu .libur'Vis 'it it were impiety ho i ,. utterly to have ceased to weep — so seldom | torcmembrcr. ! To how many of our readers will theso ; .roniombrances rouur/— remembiaiices of old ; lands ??nnd old times— remembrances of a ! Christmas- Hint. Australia can nover know? ; Tho;il»ya arc dim in Ihosc old, beloved ' Bcenes;,. tho1 niglilr hold long «nd droilry ! away, .the 'winilowB are fretted with afa : boBciuoB of frost, tho wind in moaning with | niolnucholy sou ml, the plninB are covored , witha snowy mantle, and the woods lire ? 'wreathed' with Parian white. Everything I ornuiid recalls to us the thonsnnd nsssooia ; vtiona .which aro attached inseparably to the , season in bur iniiids. liuthore; in Australia, . all this is changed. Coming, as it does,' in ! ono of tho ? briglicst montha of our burning summer, and appealing by nono of ' its ? iinlRrali-fUirroundiiiga to niiy of tho sym pathies which are linked with the traditional | Cliriitmas of otir Directions, It Is impossible ' that this festival could he celebrated in a , similar maunor.. Koine sturdy -sticklers! for j ..y.nnljquity; may, it i.s true, attempt to copy, ? ! — evsujiero^the ohl domestic reunions which were wont to mark the season in their earlier years ; but who will say thnt a dinner in the shadiest room, to which tho breezes aro h Xqurted through tho.-opuu, lattice, is any 1 ' M/fn/f like the groaning '.board nindo ruddy , with tlii 'glow of a blazing hearth ! No ; ? -^withius'.Chrietuius i«,' and- must ,orer be, a day of til fresco, enjoyments; We 'cannot, even if wo.'wdnju', transplant to our shores ? the' old holiday; as the -I'ilgritn Fathers, did.' ?;-UTNaturo-.wboa';u8.nbroad, with her sunniest ' Gmilc,- and- we cannot rij£usoltb'-fly'_into fic'r ' larms.'. Bionics, *nd not. .dinner, parties', nro' . , thej jsqcial gatherings , of ' ,»n Australian '? ' Christinas'; landUho .warm ilining:roqm of ouriyouth^jexqhangodifpc, this coot np6V -, .beneath .the trees, pi' the 'plpo|innt waters of ' ii J^0,, rivers or. tho b'ays. ' Gfeon banks, gay .d^eB^eSnaud.p.ln'sliiiig.jqars-J-ihoao-are^moro .; ??!»a8Ooi»tedjfith.Chii8tmaB as iMxisU for us .,:,-' thwiCTeni tho holly berry olid .the mistletoe ? ':'. .^'icli nro twin,ed'arounditD'memory in our ?-?'. .hearts.. '?'.?'.' ''''' ' ' '?''?'' '?' -'????*. .. ,.;' Jf we think of, the Bible narrativo mid of I 'the', beautiful'' iiight-sccues thoro ? brought r. ??'.beforo/U») from iho time when the puslbral '[ lay wai broken by a voice aaibug tlic.'BtarB, ,.i.'i, I,, to.thp flight of Mary and Joseph into Egypt, tvo must fool thiit Uuristmas losca'no'thing in '~^te s.u^gestiyeness because it.falla atascaBou V..:. ljrhen'.ttjp.jii.^ht.') aro so gloriously be»utiful \- in they aro with us. It has, been nlBo caid \ that tho cojd ayd disiunl aspcct,*which 1 ;'' nature ,' wenra about piijtlstmhs-iiiuo at ,. .:ioino giVes. an additional aeBi to' tho; home ?--? pleuaures. to which Christinas W'fhtva m '''^'j^iouliarly devoted. But we enuhot jhelp ' ., . f#y}kihg'r.that, if wo havo loss ^ot.iiidooi fiojoy f^fijiUi, wo have also less of the debasing \- 7iot which tgo often attends high:d'oyB ut \- — homo. So that, jtsVon all in nil, though wt ruiiijnay Buffexo little 'txgo^ heat and duiir,' anil ~-:i ?, though i we may.. looi.,,i^thar: brown I anil ??,-|— ' oleaginous' at'Pur-iiuiUflemo'ritB, ,tto '.'.nierry i- jneitj bollsof )ulo'.mny ring -as, appro \--??' ipriately in our, beautiful summer as thej -evcr did in the frosty winter of other climcB .! j filter all, even ' tho English . Christina; , .itself has. chtiDged, and ia »lmoifc «B diif er«n' e uiol her1' thinks of her children scattered as an Australian one (ruin tho jolly roys toriug Ohristmiis of former limes. To ho ?urc, the shopa are Hiill guy, the streets are full, uir-tlie'juur'neymuii-of all tho tailors are put in requisition, lliu hatter brushes up liis tints, tliu' milliner beguiles young ladies uut of Liiuir eiiiu for the winter colours' of the Modes ,lii nwh, and the furrier's shop' has in it a, world, of comfort. There is sometimes .ill ,»'hj pdoiir -haunting tho 'corners of sircbtB'whbre'wbmon sell baked apples and I)ieinen loiter with their hot temptations. Spiced ?gingcrbred is 'still Tauntingly pro claimed, innl: 'managers of thcatrcB ? and pastrycooks aro in all their glory. 1'anto mimes and cakes abound, and one gaudy night succeeds another, till we almost grow tired of feasting, and hit o hours, and the company of children. JJuismcss is' bill n; name, and drollery is the order' of ;thc day. Tragedy rears her gorgeous, head jewelled and crowned, and ' with sceptred pall comes j sweeping by.',. Harlequin, too, ia welcomed still— that glittering mystery, a thing bulweun fairydom and humanity. Coluin-. biuu is ailmired, and I'autaloon applauded ;: both, it would seem, born for nothing but to dauco.uud smile for the i pleasure ot onriip lured thousands. The 'play-bills'. Htill llaiinf abuut, disclosing thcuccrelH ot the coining' nigh.l., and. they aru as myetcriously uuigiiili-. cent as eVer iii the amiouiiueiuent of wngd .domuiis, horsemnii and , vaulturs, .' brnzeii ijhields anil. fnliil maslis, lire-eatera, inggliir's, .aiuUiuadi-upiids fit evury .variety and shape and ofiiiiolligenco, . : Wiiim, Wiwk.'iiinignjj, willinli'tholr trallii',' . We may oven at times hear tho touch iug enrol ol lliu waits -m it rises through tho siloucu of tho night, ami tho maiden s eye will still melt ' at 'lliu tale of love, and hor hand Iling down from her open ea&emunt; the bright silver piece, the, guerdon for the grateful, song. , Tho pusiuiau, and the charity .uoysj.aud.a host of others, cvou yet .expect Ciirihliiias buxes; Now. Year's gifts 'are exchanged between friends and relations,'. In .iruUud ' the wren is ' .suspended oil Kt. Stephen's J)»y from the; holly hough; sur rounded- with all the bravery of, ribbons ; guisers'go about. tho atroets in Scotlknd, on ii'uwt A'ejir's . I'lve, uttering d wonderful jnigon. and, piirforming nnucs of tlie\ most uxlraoriljnary. kind,;, aiid 'everywhere throughout Hie British isles kings'iind queens abound ou^luit, last of. Uhristm'a's litiiiilays, the gay Twelfth Night, festival of snow white confectionary, of cakes, and beans. ... 4! Li lib i;-, i.,it ; is. true, we havostill ; but where, npw.is',thp'( right. hearted lCy'clry of nucicnl days 7' Where Is' 'the' maucf iiitj'and wasleUbread, nnd peacock-pie of 'bygone 'bam'iu'ctiug ? 'Wherd are 'the slaughtered beves', 'tlio ' tiro'abhed' winb.'ciiflks,- the 'h'ugo bnrrqls of nut-brown nle! Where -ai'e'ths i'embl'bidutedlc'oate'd;he'r'jJdsniidl'the!''B'carlet cloinii'd'pu'rauivhritsi fhe'wehaurin^ kftights and toil-worn pilgrims ? Where-are'the holy brethren, with'B'ttCka and wallets, gathering largesse? Where . is; , tho troubadour on his ?pungled housing's) ' whero ia now the Lord of ''AliJruloJ'ihe'AlJbPt' of Unreason; -the Boy' Bishop, and the Master of ilorry- Disportn? \Vher'p^aro';hbi)by-horsb8, ? tho' dryadB, ' the' Irish dresaus, 'the biickham jorkins/iind the' drunken masque I — Where is PalaphilbB,' ,1'riucu of Sophie, and the ' most magu.ilict'nt 'iiid ,?' rcuo AicU JW6maB,:,: 'rfince''^' Albk1 Kortjiimtii,!; ''Where 'are; brawii and'riiils'turd' ' t^at'jiybro eatehj and the niillmsoy wine tnat . was bo freeIy'drunk'iri'1th'bE(i''old cii'rbusalB ? .Where' aro ''Sir'''Randlo - Kackabile,1' Bit 'Morgan Muuictih'n'bi,' StVPratiois'Trattbror t Whore Is iin- arf'Ilio glory uml tho atoiira ? ,', So muoli,''mJfi'ct;' t'lis'^hWige'd, that dome one, -with: a' 'little :poctioi exaggeration, hiis 'iiaiU'fr-1' -!-;. -i- :??--,. iuuv, ,..,,;i.ux Qdnti ate' Ml thoa^goltlen tlays of yoK), * n l :ii.-:Whon01ii«ilimwo8'ali|slii!»i; ' Its sports vro iiow Bliitlt Nee tio lituro, . 'Tis lurm-J Inw GooJ Frlduy. Wo know not if even tihakeapearu's de -'s'cripti'dri''bfJthe' Night: would -hold/good at 'WeaiSnt,' wheijiheiteljB.uaithatjiill,^ ;--s ...„ nut' '???M;J]jIcr'gMnitUiiitreaKra'-jomca'lu , .; rr,-Whcrowith,our.S»vi9Ur;a birth Ig celf brolcd ; , '?; ., I lie Unl P( duwillng slngctri nil iilRbt long. ' ' Alio tdbll lhcy iny no iplrit'iMll waUt'abroiul ?' \- Tho nlghii aro wliolciomo then ; noplaqeti jtriko, - No lalry, takes, uor witch- hoi potror to charm, So kallowed ?n«'to unoltul it tot tliut.'i'' '? , -!-fl».t un- '.?jl-S'in-miq ' ' If Chrifitmas hnn then changed so much at home, is it not Btrnnge that il should assume a different form in a climo where almost everything ia so completely reversed. Nor i'b thin even to be regretted. We must have a Christmas of our own — an Australian equivalent for the wintry nnnivcrmiry of our ancestors, wreathed with summer dowers, and surrounded with associations of a poetry racy of our sunlit soil. There arc, however, many old usages con nected with tho life of Christmas which arc as well suited to our new home as to our old ' one, and happily they aro the heal— the only ones worth preserving. Amongst these, and next only to the charily of Christmns are the delights ot social and domestic in. tercourso, which itH general spirit tends m abundantly to promote. In Ihese guthuringH Christmas seems to demand almost an a right his tribute of tales, and songs, nnd. Dkes, and riddles. Wo cannot refuse it. It 3 tho inspiration of the season, and it will seize us quite as powerfully by the side of tie sinuous Yarra as in the comfortable homo at liloomsbury or tho West J5nd. In tjio old'days wo naturally delighted in tho old tales. Then it was that our literary horuion was peopled with dragons, lit up nth fiery chariots, and beautified with pagical rainbows. Then did Blue Heard ?weep fiercely by— a stern image of mys er'ious and- '-ferocious pomp, .composed of 'orsinh s'litrnp- and Grand Turk— with all ho punulo of camels ami slnvc's and waving 'burners in his train. Thou did wu punnrntc the high ami tangled woods, in which the Sleeping Ueauty lies concealed ; and wo ac companied little liod- ridlng-hood through tho green lanes,, wistfully pooping at tho ,','cheeso- cakca' and ' pot of butter' ns wo ,jvput along.' Then, too, did wb love to Htray into t,hp realm of Obcron, in whoso crown jthojowels are dew-drops from tho pearliest rbso-ithat world, in which! a harebell is a ,'pahYco, a primrose a hall, an anomono a cup, ahda daisy a shieling.' How wo longed to ,b'o ^possessors of ..that butt of ,dow which, in' the form p'f! nhaipl-nut tilled' with tlio tears of morning and. evening, Chilli bo presented .tp.-.tjio' inspired .bard. of our earth who, by thbinusicof 1bis lyre, shall lay all tho pipes bf'^the- Silent, I'eoplo niute, and charm tho !tinj ijinperbr ; jaqlcep' qn hiB Titnnia's bosom benqutn '.tho^uiiconspibus honey-inoon that Ka'^s.likp'a^resfbt.'in ,th'o heavetiof Fniry landj'^Wilh ?what ,iny6tcrious awe wo saw those, sprightly, pjyes, 'riding, .in long and. and' (beautjfui:. array, by ''thii light of the mpob,v,o'r. silUng .jn|1soyori'circles'.in. the bbttora o£,a 'ae'cp',. ravine, drinking' nectar out of cupa^I'Bilvbr.and goldn'p bigger than thbidep-pup.JIow.er V, llpw/tlie'ir wlldj un .eattbly^-.W 'C& ,.»11 ' of ^.pjio ;.bright ' sparkling hue, turned , upon us at the ,saino moment, and.h'p'jir, their, undiBtinguis^cd'whiBpbrings1 «qunSe!q.foarfully.i:in our barp!l ' Then, tuo, was .it'our delight. (.o'liaton.'to' the-!wild' legends of witch arid warlbckrin which we :;jflrer«,,ty}rno a\y,a.3r..to.tl)t)tbln8tstl,henth: to hnai^^^^&of; Paddock and Gray mat^^^Bi'halh bubbles aB the watcrlMfeBO aro of them.' What a ghaijTosphere enveloped theso weinl Jlirae ill-omened beldames I What fi ppiril seemed to breathe Ihrniigflkinny lips 1 What a fiorco coinpnVliuir choppy fingers, aB thoy ntturuilliloinn prophesy— half boni aon, hi -n— foreboding voiccB that, with h rinks, syllabled men's names in 'an and deserts wild 1' lloro frightfi mil perhaps niore faaoinat ingly d vero the ghost stories, which, made t to bristle and tho heart to quake, rii's aro all, no doubt, as old as tho we know nothing of that, nnd th , none tho worse for thoir want i mlity. lint little wo cared lor thn as wo wore amused or in tcrcstc en tolerably well terrified. Chrimiltho time for joke, and song,' and stlij- wero a want of tho sea son, anlil them ; and whether they wero njolil, they are amongst tho pleasaijjllections thnt wu have. Wo y no more. DlesB you, my gentle i and mistresses all I May mirth iipiness bu with you. AVo jilc(lgo a cup of the brightest Aua. Wm i ami journ mill nil I All lionltb ! 