British and Foreign News. [RESTER'S CABLEO RAMS TO THE AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED TRESS.] THE RUSSIANS IN ASIA. SiNQsrOBE, May 28, ll'40 a.m. The Ruesion troops, having left Arriaban, are marching rapidly npon Erzeroom, the chief city of Armenia, in Asiatic Turkey. Tho vanguard of the army is at Olti, thc left wing is advancing apon Durhekin, and the central divisions are bombarding the outworks of Ears. WE are requested by Mr. H. L. Dibdin' to call attention to his salo of town allotments, which takes place at the Central Auction Rooms, East-Btreet, this morning, at ll : o'clock.-ADVT. À CORRESPONDENT (W. T. Wyndham) offers a few suggestions on the management of the fisheries. " Each river should bo looked after by a local board of not less than three con- servators, to be elected at an annual meeting of the fishermen of the district." Ile believes in a mesh of 2 inches extension from knot to knot for barramundi and mullet, but thinks that below the Rocks a smaller net would be required. The remainder of the letter consists of personal and irrelevant matter for which we have no space. TOE following applications will be dealt with at the licensing meeting, on June 12,-Town Licenses t Edward Page, Queensland Hotel ; Mary Ann Dunbar, Bull's Head Hotel ; John Cramp, Golden Age Hotel, transfer of license by John Nankivell. Country Licenses : Moses Wafer, Charlevue Hotel, Charlevue ; Robert Biddell, Victoria Hotel, Burngrove ; W. M. Schofield, Cowarral Hotel, Cowarral ; 'M. P. Lee, Westwood Hotel, Westwood; James 8. Bryden, Sebastopol Hotel, Sebas- topol ; Patrick Bnrke, Blackwater Hotel, Blackwater ; Fanny Clark, transfer nf license from the Walton Creek Hotel, Walton Creek, to Little Dam ; E. W. Godlier, Springton Hotel. Springton ; Philip Hardy, Woolpack ?Inn, Weetwood ; Henry W. Lnnson, Terminus Hotel, Westwood ; James O'Leary, Bedford Arms Hotel, Mackenzie River. A LECTORS was given last night in the School of Arts by Mr. T. P. Pugh, Police Magistrate, on the Eastern Question. The chair waa taken by Mr. J. Headrick, President of the Institution, and there was a large attendance. The lecturer commenced by ex- plaining the origin of the Crimean War, and the grounds of the quarrel about the Holy Sepulchre. He thou showed how tho Turks, Bince their first onslaught on the Greek Empire, had tyrannised over the Christian population of that portion of Europe, now known as Turkey ; and pointed out who were thc Turks and thc Sclavs, of whom so much was heard. The lecturer considered that the wholo Turkish eyBtein of government was radically bad and incapable of improve- ment, illustrating his remarks with copions, extracts. At the close a hearty vote of thanks was passed to the locturer, on the motion of the Chairman, seconded by Mr. J. Macfarlane. The lecture contained much valuable information, and threw considerable light on the political aspectB of the vexed question. -1 Awn. from Mr. Langley, of the Tele- graph Department, etates that cable fate's lipo» messages to be forwarded to the west of India have been raised twopence per word. MAT the Police Court, yesterday, a Poly ncsian'was «barged with disorderly conduct. Constable Glackju deposed the prisoner was disorderly in Boláovor- street on Monday night. Thc prisoner was fined 10s., with the alterna- tive of 48 hours' imprisonment.-A person chorded with drunkenness was fined 5s:, Vf ¡tb the alternative of 24 hours' imprisonment. Mit. WM. HIUSON'S horse .Philosopher left last night in the Lady Young for Maryborough, whence his owner has sent him tn take part in thc annual race meeting on the 12th and 13th of nest month. Philosopher was lot off with 5 st. 12 ll>8. in the .big handicap at that pia'ce, which should give tho-little horse a good chance of landing the prize. IT Ja probable that,. Mr., L'Estgáqge, the Australian ßloudm, iß on board .thc James Paterson, which Came into the Bay yesterday morning about eight o'clock, and was expected to get up to thc wharf this morning by one. Should such be the case, the 1iigh-rope per- formances, which have astonished everybody, will commence about the end of the week. The large enclosure on the Market Reserve waB ready last week, the canvas, which meanwhile'has been . neatly "reefed,'' requir- ing ou ly to be again stretched on the poles. Mr. Lyons hos done eveything very neatly, and in thorough business fashion. THE Allenstown school house, though finished some, weeks ago, is yet, untenanted. TIIÍB is thc fault of thc'Education Department, who, though applied to, have neglected to appoint a teacher. .Such tardy recognition of the wants of tho place, whatever may be the cause, is producing a great deal of dissatis" faction, especially on the part of parents, who do not see why, with a new building at their doors, there should be any further waste of time. Nor do we -but probably the work of the department is in arrear, and Rock- hampton must take its turn. WE have been favoured by Messrs. Mac- dermott Brothers with tho following pedigrees of cattle lately imported by them from New South Wales for Mr. W. G. Pcberdy. Fuchsia, calved January 27, 187"), by Couut Genera (imported), dam Passive (imported). Rosebud, red heifer, calved February 24, J87G, hy Count Geneva, dam Passive. Mossie, by MonasticT (imported), dam Shield cow by Praîton (imported), g. dam Shield cow by Spencer (imported), g.g. dam hy Champion (imported). This animal waa commended at thc Sydney Exhibition, in section 2 class 40. Hyacinth, calved December ll, 1875, by Kildonan (imported), dam Hyacinth by Prince Alfred, g. dam Peachblosaom, brod by Fanning, Griffiths and Co. Kildonan took first prize at the Elgin and Aberdeen Shows before leaving England. ON Monday night about ten o'clock a report, was made to tho police that Mr. Cumming, Secretary to tho School of Arts, had poisoned himself. Senior- Sergeant Brannelly imme- diately proceeded to the Crown Hotel, acenm. panied by a constable, where they found the unfortunate man. At first the im- pression was entertained that he waB in a state of intoxication, and although measures were taken to restore him to consciousness a doctor was not immediately sent for. In a few minutes a young man named Brookes came iu and informed the Senior-Sergeant that a few minutes before ten o'clock Mr. Cumming had gone into Mr. Spicer's Steam Packet Hotel, which is opposite to tho Crown, «od had said, holding up a bottle, that he intended to poison himself.1 The bottle is a small phial, which would hold about an «unce and a half, and is labelled chloroform He wcntawaybutshortly returned and said lo had taken it. On hearing thia story, and satisfying himself of its truth, Senior Sergeant Brannelly sent a messenger for Dr. Callaghan, who oh arrival administered an emetic, to Mr. Cumming, which, however, had no effect. The doctor then eent for a stomach pump to Dr. Salmond, and that gentleman having arrived with it they applied it to the sufferer. At half-past «ne o'clock the doctors expressed. little hope of the patient's recovery, but he hogan to amend about two, and yesterday moruing he was able to walk. The unfortunate man was removed to the Hospital yesterday in custody of the pol.ice. CABLEGRAMS are curiosities in their way, and a message vii Singapore, received by us at three o'clock in the. morning, may afford an illustration. It is intelligible enough, but the spelling is a caution, though we rind that foreign names are nearly always mutilated. The cablegram runs thus: "Russian troops; Rapis march' Errrrieronon vanguard Otti left wing advancing Durhokin." Now let us try a .translation, for the mossage cannot go into thc paper in that form. We must look sharp, too, for the morning is bitterly cold, and wc want a little sleep before commencing the labours of another day. Well, that is com- forting-it is plain Bailing-no hard problem this time. " Thc Russian troops, uudcr General liapis, are marching »pan Ermiergiion, tho vanguard being at Otti, while tba left wing is advpneing towards Durhokin. " Very good ; and thc "devil," who is waiting for "copy," is in thc act cf snatching it away, when General Rapis etarts up.before us (in imagina- tion). A good general no doubt, far-seeing, dashing, yet routions, otily he is not of our acquaintance. Besides, where areEnnieronon, and its companion strongholds t.Down come t hc atlasac8v gazetocrs, geographies, oucyclopoedias, and works of reference hy the dozen-quite a pile-but those mysterious fortresses have l>een omitted. We foar they arc not of earth ; and tho hand of the " devil " is stayed. We must thiuk awhile. Dear General 1 who arc you, and whither aro you marching with your valiant bands. Encamp you in Europe or Asia, or Moonland ? Another glance at the cablegram, and we are conscious of an electric shock. Wc had not quite finished ; there are four words more, and one of them affords a clue to the riddle. That word is Kars. How we dote upon it, and laugh at the mystifications of the cable. The words arc "centre bombarding outworks Kars." Stay, boy, you will get the copy directly. We have found our reckoning. We are in Asiatic Turkey, in the presence of the troops that have just taken Ardahan. But Io ! General j Rapis subsides into a decent adverb; thc troops are marching rapidly upon Erzeroum, the chief city of Armenia, while the vanguard is at Olti, and the centre bombarding Kars. Wo let Durbckin stand as it is, for after an hour's search wc have failed to find , thc requisite credentials. The cable must be responsible ; moveover, if there should be a General Itapis, wo beg his pardon for placing bim so low in tho parts of speech, but up tn thc present, wc have uot received his card. So now the "copy" is iu tile bauds of thc printers, and we hasten home-to'sleep, perchance to dream of General Rapis and his phantom troops. " Ou> Doa TBAV."-An instance of canine affection of an extraordinary nature occurred recently at the llappy-gn-Lucky township.. Robert Mathewson, who died suddenly, left a black collie dog at Mr. Williams*, hotel, and after bis master's decoase " would not be óbin fortod," but roamed about looking for., hi» owner, whom ho could not f*nii. He refused all kind of nnurishraeut oifercd him, and lay down and died, it is said, of a broken heart. melbourne Age. i Tira TBCANT Iwsreoroit.-At elie Hotham 'Police Court, Melbourne, the truant inspector under the Education Act, summoner! nineteen parents for not complying with thc provisions of thc act in respect to tho attendance of children. Seventeen of them were fined 2a. C<V each, and thc other two cases were postponed. The people summoned appeared to be very respectable/¡iud Ute magistrates warned them that if in future they neglected to attend to tho educational training of their children they would bc more severely dealt with.-Age, May. 18. . ' ? \i \< ' SINGULAR Loss.-Mr. J. M'Intyre, of Bray- brook, sustained a' Bevcre IOBB in the sudden death of a valuable horso named Ashburn, for which he' - had (the week ' previous) refused £400. Within twenty-four hours afterwards thc same gentleman found that 123 sheep had been smothered, and 64 Turkeys been drowned, all belonging to him. .The' loss of tbe horse is, it is thought, attributable to inflammation, and of the sheep to the worry I inn of Borne strange dogs in the district. i Melbourne Arqiu. I MILITARY COLONIAL EXTENDITORE. - A Parliamentary paper issued from the War ! Office states that the amount included in thc ' Army Estimates for 1877-78 for military T)ur ' poses in the colonies is £1,760.057, against I £1,705,432 last year. The probable repay I mcnts as colonial contributions in aid nf ? military expenditure are i-Thc Cap«, £10.00(1; Natal, C3500; Mauritius, £27.000 ¡ Hong- kong, £20,009 ; Ceylon. £121,000 Straits (?Settlement, £50,160 ; Malta, £5000. Total, : £236,650. The net military expenditure in the colonies is therefore estimated at £1,532,407.. ERZBROCM.-Toe city is celebrated for its maquen, which number nearly forty; butin i 1859 many of its edifices were thrown down by an earthquake, "in tho brief space of ten or.tw«Ive seconds," says one account, "the better half of this ¡ino and densely populated city was thrown down, and the remainder was seriously damaged. Upwards of 1500 men, women, and icbilrlren were buried in the ruins. Tu one <>f tho barracks alone, out of all entire.battalion of GOO strung, not more than 350 saved their lives by a pre- cipítate retreat." ; Auijtltèr writer mae ( " The linn-walls, tho, Wracks, the quarters of the military governor,1 and a -part of the pnlace of tho pasha, or civil governor, including his harem; the prisons, the- public. RCIIOOIS, the principal bazaar, many minarets,'the Austrian consulate, and the residenco of the British Consul, were among the buildings, rendered to a heap of ruina." Fearing another shock, the entire population took . to the plaina, where they lived in tents for a while. ? PRINCELY BREWERS.-Brewing must bo a Çnnd solid business in the United Kingdom, 'he Guinness brewery is in Ireland, and two- pence is ell ft email bottle of Guinness' porter costs. The profit must be very small, .hut the number of bottles must be "enormous. These brewers are har onetstno. Air BnojominQninness pays income tax of £50,000 a year, and there are two SOD» partners. Ono nf them, Sir Arthur, wanted to get away from the smell of hops and malt. The other Guinnesses agreed to pension him in his nobility, and he ie to re- ceive £1,000,000 cash for his share, or twenty years purchase of £50,000 a year, -Mr. E. Cecil Guinness offered to draw a cheque at once for the round million, his brother's share of tho concern, but took pity on tho bank, which might pot have been -able without previous notioes to rake £,000,000 dol. from its coffers. Such a cheque would be a terrible blowon ariy'hank. Tbs S.irGutnncsscs are going out with their titles'but Mr. G'uinncBB is not too proud to brew beer and make a fortune hy honest fermentation. The GuinueBBUB aro Solid. . - '; ' A SPECTRAL VjfsÎTAir»,-A ghost has made its appearance in the onion district of Bellarine. Tho Adverliier says :J-V A well known residont, - on returning home from Portarlington a' few eveniugs ago, somewhere in the small hours, saw as he approached his residence what to him appeared to be the figuro of a woman in an erect attitute, but motionless. Round the head of thc spirit was a dim halo, which looked supernatural, and the features brno a strong resemblance to those of a young lady of tho district, who, unfortunately for the advocates of spiritism, is still living. With the courage of bis race, he made towards her spiritshin, and was about to ask the reason nf so fate a visit, when to his amazement the figure proved to bo a * Walker,' for it soon disappeared with lightning speed across thc onion fields into utter darkness. The onion grower on seeing this, tonk Jo his heels, and. was Boon safe inside a hotted door, hut so overcome was he with fright that bc swooned away-a circum- stance that to him never occurred before. Thc gbost bas caused great excitement iu the locality. VIVISECTION. - We have met with the following excellent suggestion On this subject, intliccoluinnsof oncofour American exchanges: -After all, the true way to settle the vexed question whether vivisection should or should not he practised hy surgeons, is to adopt a judicious compromise by which scientific pcrsotiB Bhall he permitted to practise vivisec- tion exclusively upon their own persons. Let them folh»w thc example of Hahnem^nn, who gained the knowledge of tho medical pro- perties of drugs hy experimenting exclusively Apon himself. When a surgeon is unable to 'remember whenever his *b!ood circulates or remains stagnant, led him open a vein and an artery, and note the result. If he wants ' to ascertain bow loni; lifo can he sustained with- out a stomach, let, him remove his private stomach, and astonish his remaining orirans hy assailingtbem witli cru-lé andundigestivcfooil; ¡ and if lie wishes to know precisely where his heart or lungs are situated, let him drive a gallery under his diaphragm, and explore the interstices of his person with a lAntern and pickaxe. This sort of vivisection would be entirely unobjectionable to the " sentimenta- lists," aud would probably meet the views of ¡ j scientific animals. -M, and D. Advertiser. j 