t ;c . 5 -Y. ?'? WJíUJiKfjüAY, JUNIS 27. ' Mr.'BUOHANAN said, in reference to Iiis motion respect-. inf» tho Oiiineso question in Queensland, ho had intended moving¡it as nu' amendment upon going into committee of supply, hilt ho! did hot wish to adopt that course. (Hear, hemvj ?' He now asked the Government to give him.ivGoveru nient day for thediscussion of tho matter. (Hear, hear,) j Ho 'believed'nil tho estimates could be passed, next week. Tliis was a most important matter, both to this colony and Queensland, «nd lie believed hon members were desirous to express their sympathy with the people of Queensland. Ile was quite certain that tho Appropriation Bill would not be allowed to pass until this question was disposed of, for it was ono of tho gravest national importance. Sir HENRY PARKES said he did not desire to «tand in t he way of the hon member having a fair discussion upon his resolutions, and he would bo prepared to- morrow to name definitely'a' day upon which tho discussion might bo taken it would ho Monday or Tuesday next. He gave notice of the following amendment upon Mr. Buchanan's motion ..-"That this House, having had under its consideration tho despatches mid other papers relating to thc reservation of the Queensland Goldllolds Act Amendment Bill by his Excellency Governor Cairns, desircs'to express its sympathy with the Government and people, of Queensland, in their efforts to protect them selves from tlie dangers ol' excessive Chinese immigration,' stud Will1 bo-prepared- to support any well- devised and tem perate measures calculated tu Restrict or mitigate tho evils to bo apprehended from any such influx of Asiatic and African aliens. . That tho foregoing resolution bc transmitted by address to his Excellency tho Governor." The first order ol'tho day was thc second rending of thc Criminal Law Amendment Bill, and Sir HENRY PARKES moved the postponement.ol'tho order of thc day for a fort night. Mr. JACOB usked the intentions of the Government with regard to UiisBill. tiir.HENltY PARKES said there was no probability of this Billbolng proceeded with this session. A discussion followed liv which some members wore in favour ol' proceeding with tho .measure this session, while others were of opinion that it was too important a Bill to be hastily dealt with, tum that.it would take at least two mont fis for the House to pass lt. Slr HENRY I'ARK ES. replying to some observations and inquirios respecting the Electoral Bill, said that Bill required 0 ne'day's cn ref ul consideration, and he had not yet been able TU give il, that consideration ; but it would certainly bc laid liclitru IhcHouse, if not this week, at latest on Monday next, The motion to postpone tho order ol' tho day,was agreed to. ' Messages were announced from the Legislative Council, iii which lt was intimated that tho Council had agreed to the Temporary Supply Bill for Julio, and the Sydney Common Improvement Act, Amendment Bill. Thc Consolidated Revenue Fund Bill, No 7, empowering 1 tie Government to pay thc endowment (£10,000) to the Syd ney-Corporation, passed its second reading and through coinriiitteo without amendment or opposition, and its third l eading was fixed for the following day. Thb"lIoúsd-their went into committee of supply, and re sumed tile consideration of the estimates. £«315(5 was voted for Department of Public Works. £8021 was proposed for harbours and rivers navigation. MriMtELHONE asked when tho Government wotild get t ho Circular Quay made. : ; Mr.? HOSKINS said tho plans had been under considera tion!, but,--through- a pressure of business, the Government had.notyet been able to decide as to the material to bo used in tile construction of thc Quay. ' : Mr.:.BCIltN8 consurod the Government for their delay iii lilis matter: . . Mr. COMBES complained that-there was no provision made; for-, tho improvements in the navigation of rivers in tho Interior, and ho specially, mentioned the Murrumbidgee mid thou Darling. He suggested tho American plan of " looking" ¡the rivers, in order to secure navigable water in dry seasons, i - > ' Mr; W.iSUTTOIt supported tho suggestion, and*sald the an niml.import traillo On tho 'Darling was between £30,000 and £ tOiOOO ¡ and the exports nearly.a million a year. Mr, JACOB:drow tho attention of the Minister for Works to tho defective nature of tho bell buoy at Newcastle, and the unsatisfactory'Way in which the dredge np the river per formedJts;Work; , Mr. MACINTOSH strongly urged tho necessity of speedily caiTyhic out the construction of the wharf at the Circulur QIIÓK.,*:;*J'.'..:?.'£,'';'.''':!, *.' ". '-.??:?< . .. .;...<.. Mr. HURLEY (Hartley) took exception to the large sums annuhlly; oxpbhded' uppn tho river Hunter, and -said the BteaihersVoro'hot síüted to tho river trade. .".> , ; Mr:'^yiSDfOM;'deféndëd-tito expenditure on the River ]Iun^'.btlt'was'opposed to : placing.tlie dredge in the hands: of the Marino Board.! 'If that was done, they, would never seo; th'e, drcdgOr'iip.tho river ut ali. He accounted for Mr. iluiney's'ppp'ositibii tb this expenditure by the fact that he had only received two vdtes when ho stood for tho Paterson eleo torate.'. V -. '.. ' ." ' - ..: M i-.: TÄOf)B also def elided the expenditure ; and condemned tho.'narrow- niindcd views bf :the lion member for Hartley. He alluded to'tho wjiiitof wharf accommodation for stoamers utNowoastlo. ,¡\"'.''.' ? -, M}y /1WISTER disapproved'of tho extension of wooden whftrVes hi Sydhoy Cove. ' . ¡ Mr. DA.Y complained of the-omission of tho usual sum for thè navigation bf the Murruh'ibidgoa and Durling.Rivers. Thero ' woro thirty steamers on tho river whoso valuable cargoes Veroconstantly lit dinger, from the snags in the river. Nörmouey' had beeu expended on rouds in this district, aud it wus'but just that the Government should take some stops toiniprovo.the navigation. ; . ? After'n few words from Messrs. COHEN and CHARLES, Mi\ DA VIES niuliitained that tho city of Bydney, with its 120,ui)Ó or, ,130,0.00 taxpayers, received comparatively nothing from the public rcvouuo. Mr. HOSKINS explained that there was a sum of £100,000 voted, and remained unexpended, for the extension of wharf age at.'Newcastle and for the improvement of tho port, the bull buoy'of which w'us under tho supervision of tho Marine Bonni, nn.d thc Harbours and Rivers Department. There was also ;ii700t) 'on h ind for improving tho rivers Darling and Murray;''Which would suilico to keep navigation open for a long timo to come.. If not, he would get more placed upon thu estimates. Mr.:COMBES was not satisfied with tho sums mentioned. Ho wnntod to see sonfethiug done for these rivers. A port idiould bo 'established in tho far interior, and wo would by t his moans be uble to defy Melbourne with regard to the trado of the interior. Mr. UAKI0R believed that if the rivers woro " locked," so ns lo throw back and preservo tho water, tho traillo would s'-ionfpay tho interest on tho outlay. Mr. LACKEY did not think tho complaints of hon mem bers from tho Riverina district about tho want of expenditure on the rlvors spoken of, carno with a good grace, beeuuso tho facilities given by tho expenditure on these rivers went to benefit the owners of Victorian steamers which traded up tho Rivorino districts. He spoke in favour of tho suggest ion to lock i lio Wvers. Ho commented upon tho indecision and delay of tho <iovcroniei't in regard to tho wharf at tho Circular Quay. Ile hoped tho Minister for Works would induce his colleagues to ¿live some consideration to this, und come down to thc House with a proposal to carry out tho work* Mr. (JAMERON culled attention to tho manner In which cei'tiiin wharf owners were trespassing over thc alignment Jalil down by the authorities by extending ( heir wharves into tho hnrlmur. Ho wanted some Information from the Govern mont as to applications for extensions of wharves. Mr- HOSKINS said ho hud, two or three days ago, refused an application from the A.S.N. Co. to extend their letty. Mr. CAMERON asked if un application had been refused In reference to Dlbbs's wharf, Mr. DUIVlîli said he hud agreed to tho line that had boon laid down for the extension of Dlbbs's wharf, us laid down by ihu'Enptlnner-in-ohlef und thc Surveyor General. j&V.; Äl'EDHON 13 considered that In the matter of these whnrves one Government utter thc other had-entirely fulled in doing their duty to the public; and ho sujd they had yielded to influence brought to bear upon then). Unless the Onveriinionfc withdrew the permission to thc A. S. N. Co. to extend their jetty into the harbour, thc cove would bc almost useless for the'large «tournera coming here, such ns tho WlitlMipoii: ! Tho Government, that, gave this permission hud acted vei'Viinproperly.TheGovci'ijujen.thnilbeeualtogethcrtoo easy lil allowing parties to run jetties oi)} into the harbour. Wa woro allev/íng private individuals and companies a very valuable -privilege ami were receiving nothing for lt. T)to cveetloji of these jotlles also deteriorated thu vnluc of tho Circular Quay. Replying to tho objections of Mr. Hurley tJ thc expenditure 01/ the river Hunter, ho said that hon iiieiuber hudnm'r been a mlle away from a COW'B tall all his I Ufó, and knew" as much about tho matter he was talking of as a blackfellow. Ho accused the members for Morpeth and tho Lower Hunter of hot doing their duty, in hot seeing that the dredgo was kept'ito its work in »the Hunter Inver;, and said there was moro produce (excluding wool) coming from tho Hunter in a week than from Kiama in a year. He was surprised at any oho comparing tho Hunter with a two penny-halfpenny placo like Kiama. Mr.,CHARLES combated tho assortions of Mr. M'Elhone, and said there was «.far greater amount of produce, in valuo, coming from Illawarra than from tho Hunter. (Air. M'Euio»: : Only fossils.) There was no wool grown in thc Hunter District. (Mr. M'EI.KOXK: NO fossils.) Tho hon members assertions were not true. (Mr. M'EUIOXK : What about tho Kiamii ghost?) Ho was laid long ago. Mr. GARRETT said there could bc no doubt tho Messrs. Dibbs had exceeded their original limit, und lie hoped no permission would bc given that would amount to sanctioning that excess of limit. JIo expressed tho opinion that a great deal of tile land occupied by wharf-owuors along Darling Harbour was held without a shadow of title-that not one out of every ten had u legal right tu the land. They had gone on taking possession of the Jana between high and low water marks by filling it in, and pushing the water before them, mid thus acmiiring more land. This was a mutter on which a Royal. . Commission could very properly be appointed to inquircinto these titles. If tho Government ex tended the rall way lincinto tho Circular Quay bywayof Darl ing Harbour, these people would have tho audacity to demand compensation from thc Government for taking this land, which really belonged to the Guvcrnmeu't. He (Mr. Garrett) was not in favour of dispossessing these people of tho laud, but they should certainly bo called upon to pay au appraised value for tt. He suggested thc appointment of a Hoyul Com mission to inquire into the whole subject. Further discussion toole pince, in which it was stated'that tho Messrs. Dibbs had exceeded their limit in'the construe-, tton of their jetty, and reference was made to a champagne luncheon tlmt hud been given to celebrate the construction of the jetty. In answer to inquiries irom Mr. Cameron ana.Air. w lusom, Mr. HOSKINS said lie hud received an application from Mr. Dibbs for an extension of his jetty, that the application hud betín referred to tho Engineer-in-Chief for Harbours und Rivers, who hud reported favourably upon ; it the report was returned to him, mid the matter was referred to the Minister for Lands.. Mr. DRIVER said he had received no application, and had sanctioned none. Mr. H. DANGAR said there was a gross abure of the privi lege to erect and extend jetties. Ho gave instances. Mr. MACINTOSH. Mr. WISDOM, Mr. M'ELIIONE and Mr. CAMERON addressed the committee on thc subject. It was pointed out that a monstrous injustice was being done to the public by the granting ! of these privileges respecting jetties-that the water line was exceeded by several feet in many instances, and the public , wore thus deprived of a considerable portion of the harbour ; and, further, that the most extreme rates were charged to tho public for tho uso of these jetties. Spacial reference was made to thc ease of Mr. Dibbs's wharf, the application to ex tend which was described by Mr. M'ELHONE as a mons trous job, because he had, it was said, applied for it to the Minister for Works instead of to tho Minister for Lands; and it was also contended bv the same member that Mr. Dibbs would never have obtained the privilege he had if he had not been a member of Parliament. This was done, he said, to get Mr. Dibbs's support. Other persons who had applied for like privileges, though not so important, were refused because they, were not members of Parliament. It was contended that, in the interest of the public, the permission given should be with drawn. Several members urged tho postponement of the estimate. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON explained that there was a mis apprehension about theso wharves, and some hon members appeared to confound ono with the other. Tho wharf at Dawes Point was owned by the A.S.N. Co., and the ono in Darling Harbour was tho private property, of Mr. Dibbs, who had encroached Upon the property of Captain Smith ; and he insisted upon maintaining that encroachment. Tho late Treasurer gave instructions that tho piles encroaching upon Captain Smith's property should bo removed; and ho (Sir John Robertson), when tho matter was referred to him, ordcreu that the encroachment should be removed, un less tho parties could come to aii.amlcablo settlement. He Icame to this decision in the interests of the public, which he considered had beeu interfered with. (Hear hear.) But Mr. ,-Dibbs not only refused to remove tho obstruction, but actually made a further ex tension upon this Ult gil* extension. (Hear, hear.) And, s tho Minister for Works sanctioned this illegal action without ? tiio .usual notice in the Government Gazette: Why, such a thing was unheard of. (Cheers.) The public had no oppor tunity of objecting to the applications, (Hear, hear.) ïhls matter should have been dealt with by tho Minister for Lands, and not by the Minister for Works. He considered them was some danger of the public rights being encroached iipon by the. neglect of.tho Government; but he certainly did not think, as lind been insinuated by some of his hon friends, that any member of the Government could bo in fluenced by a glass of wine. : . -, l.: Tho PREMIER was averse to. postponing tho estimate, because such a course could serve no good purpose. At ten minutes past 1 o'clock the House was counted ont. The following members were in the chamber :-Sir Henry Parkes, Messrs; Bennett, W. Browne, Charles, Cohen, H. Dangar, Day.. Driver, Parnell, Hoskins, Hurley (Hartley), Jacob, Lloyd, Piddington, Scholey, R. B. Smith, P. Suttor, W. Suttor, aud Windeyor. The principal business in the Legislative Assombly on Thursday was à discussion on a proposal from the Govern ment to postpono tho order of tho day for the adoption of thc report of the committee on tho subject of defences. The proposal was strenuously opposed by members to tho left of the Speaker, who maintained that as the business had been placed on tho paper by the Government for that day, it should be proceeded with. Ministers desired to proceed with the estimates. The House, by majority of 28 to 2!), decided to postpone the order of tho day. The discussion extended overlive hours. The House went into committee to further consider the esti mates, but no progress was made, and the House rose at midnight. 