SUNDA Y SER VICES. . Messiamc Pp.or-HivrKs.— Tbo third of a eerie* of Rermona on the prophecies, relating to tho Messiah was dolivered by tho Bishop -of Melbourne in St. Paul's Church yesterday afternoon, Tho text chosen was Actsxxvi, 6th nni\ 7lb versos, ' Anil now I utand, I am judged 'or tho hope of tho proiniBO maao ot uoa unto. our lauicis, unto which promise, our twelvo tribes instantly uorving God, day ami night hope to oomo.' -The preacher premised that all who had over . survnyei tho history of Israel with a thoughtful , eye vhad ob Bcrvod in it that striking peculiarity, that it placed tho scene of its greatost happiness, and of its highest spiritual power of attainments in tho future. The. f nut had been referred to by Dean .Stanley, Messrs. Archor Uutler, Higginson, Kusncr, and Arohdoacou Hard wick. About that, peculiarity thero could, be no longer any doubt, aud the question, was how to account for it. What made that irresistible tauduiicy to look for its best things in the- future? Ho believed thnt Luthardt gavo tho correct reply to tho question when ho obaorved thnt ' Isrnol was the nation of hope, because it was a nation of roligion.' 'It was of no importance to human culture like tho Greeks and Romano. It was not nit nnd a scuso for thu , beautiful, It was not tho endowments, fitted, to make it the world's ruler which distin guished it, and wcro inherent in it ; its wholo importance consisted in its being tho nation of religion, the people of revelation.' Israel was possessed by two great thoughts — (1st) tbatof the righteousnoss of God, aud (2nd) that of the deep BinfulncsB of man. Tho first had beon woll illustrated by Mr. Matthew Arnold. The Hebrews lived in tho midst of auordorly world, and were aoted upon by unacen forces with the oreatiou and disposition of which! thoy bad nothing to do — it was' independent of themselves. It was tho merit and happiness of tho Jowiah. people to perceive and declare thnt tbat Buper-oxtra. human powor always nindo for righteousness, and that if men only looked, and waited long enough thoy would find the irrosjstiblo unseen forces light ing against tbo wiclt/-J and in favor of the just. Ho was gratefnl to Mr. Arnold, for the force aud clearness with which he bad written, aud if any one could only seize tho truth of which he had treated ho also would become a man of hopo. But it might be askod, whit guarantee was thcro thnt that hope would bo eventually realisod? Was the hopo of Israel a mere vnguo uenti meut, or did it reveal in any wise the np pointed means of its own accomplishment » If tho deliverance wero to be distinctively spiritual, it could only bo deemed possible in connection with aomo mighty deliverer; and, granting the Messiah, it might bo possible to conceive of a Messinuie people. Goetho hail muicn.eti me nocessiLy lor u rum jju^uum* baaia of salvation. The necessity of such a deliveror had been felt and expressed by nil the moro spiritual races of mankind. It had found expression among tho Persians, the Hindoos, our own Teutonic forefathers, tbe Greeks and tho Rouioub. It had been described by Archbishop Trench as rather yearning thanfaith— rather presentiment than predictions. Those uucoiuscious prophecies of heathendom consisted — firstly, in n deter iorutiou of tho Messianic ideal ; and secondlly, in tho total want of practical influenco to adapt them to current religious fuolings and opinions. To suppose that tho bright light of tho Hebrew MesBiauic expectation waa kindled from those pale glimmering rays wns us though one should imagine tho sun to borrow his beams from tho pluuets; nnd tho theory that tho Messianic hopo ol Israel was determined or modified by heathen influences during the captivity wai now very generally abandoned. The distinguishing mark of the Jewish people was that their traditions, fancies and glories gathered runnd, not a chio), warrior, or Bafjo that had been, but a king, a deliverer, a prophet, who was to come. That oxpouta tion was unique. Without pausing to listen to any afterthoughts of reason, they pro cciided to pile up all possible nud impossible excellencies into the grandest nnd richc.it moral ideal ever conceived or delineated by man. It seemed audacious anil ilesperato to form nuch an ideal and thoti predict that it would bo realisod in a ainglo per son, and yet tho prophets of Israel did commit themselves to that von ture, and persuaded their people to bo lieve them. It was the most influential belief of their nature. In that bopo they lived ; at Itn bidding— «» they thought— they broke into revolt, and for its realisation they are still looking. That hope of tho Messiah was something utterly uniquo aud uu. paralleled. It was a prophecy, of the early existence of which there was no dispute, and therefore the important question arose whether it hnd been unquestionably fulfillod. In future lectures tho projubor said ho would endeavor to show that the. oharaotor istio qualities of Jesus Christ wero those whioh the prophets predicted and attributed to the Messiah which was t - come. Tho BiBhop concluded by noticing an objection advanced by Strauss in his Life of Jesus, in whioh he had deniod that tho prophecy and the life wero independent of each other, and sugeented that thu correspondence botween them were first created by tho authors of tho gospels ; but thu idea had been materially modified by Slruusd in his now lafo of Jesus. lfiu.ioioK, Businkss, Literature and PiiilimoI'HV. — Yesterday tho Rev. Thomas .lonoB preached a sermon at the Independent Church, Collins-street, in which ho dealt with the connection of religion with ' busi noss,'! 'literature,' 'soienco ' and 'philo- sophy^' There wan a numerous congregation, Mr. Jones took liiH text from tbe first opUtlu of St. Paul to tho Corinthians, 10th chapter, 31st vejse, ' Whether, therefore', yo cat, or drink, or whatsoever you do, do ' all to tho glory of God.' Man, said the rev. gentleman, must not separate bis life irora Uod ; by so doing ho ruins bis own soul, Jio\y can thu stream continuo to flow when dia. connected wkh the fountain? Will it not become dry, and leave nothing behind but tbo channel iu whioh it ran '.' Can tho tiee con. tinuo to put forth buds and foliayu and blossoms when it is separated trum tuc earth? Will it not rather dry, shrink and disappear? Shall man, who in God's creature, created in the imugo of bis Fnther, shall lio aeparato himself from (iod? When the nun turns ita'face away from thu earth it is night. Night is nothing but tho earth's own shadow ; anil when wo turn away from Uod the darlt nefcs of our own dark shadow is around us. Our hope, our joy, our life, our peaco here now and our peace hereafter all depend upon this union, upon the connection, upon the oneuosu of the human epirit with tbe Knther. Can children turn away from their fathers and mothers ? Can a boy ten years of nge look up into tho loviug face of bis fatbor, and any, ' Father, 1 can do without you ;' and to his mother, 'Mother, I can do without you ':' Yet you say to Almighty God, ' 1 can do without then.' Lot everything bo done for the glorification of God. Wo live in tho midst of a complication of laws — physical laws, mental laws, moral laws and. spiritual laws. God is the author of thoso lawa, and God is administering those laws, the laws of our budy and the lawn of our moral nature. God is tho author of them, and those laws must be obeyed. It is tbe same with individuals, families, churches, and nations ; if they forsako tho path of obedience they war against their own blessed ness. Obedience to those laws of God is necessary. Confession of faith, prayer, hymnHofprauicuudpublicworshiparc comely, aud right and beautiful. But sliull I come here to preach and appear like a l.oly man and go to my Lome on a Sunday ni^ht uud live in utter disobedience to Go;! Almighty ? We muBt obey God in order to glorify Him. Having illuatrutcd the necessityof obedience, ho proceeded to observe that religion should mingle with all the atliiirs of life, and could not be dispensed with in any department of existence. 1 will take, ho snid, this subject briefly iu connection with modern life in London and in Melbourne. I will select five words, the best words that 1 know to cover that civilisation, aud 1 will try to show the absolute necessity of the element of re ligion in every department of life. Tho first word I use is ' business.' What r. word it is i A gentleman told mo in the vestry thik morning, in reply to a question, that he had been vnry busy ; ' business had kept him away on Thursday.' What a word this businejs is ! It is busy-uess — going about here and thero. It is busy-ucss, that which Solomon called the bore travail God has given to the sons of men. It ia a sure travail, this toil of tho laboring man, of tho learned professor, of the minister of religion, it is the busy-neas of life. And what a busy.nera you have to briug up your children, n:id Oh, you teachers of religion, what a busy-iicsa ii it to moot your peoplo three times'a week aud appear frcab in thought, and word, and cxpre-.sion ! To tte young man who has to make bis place in trie world what a busy-nes3 it appears. One of Jacob's sons was compared to a suffer ing aoul, crouching between two burdens. We are all Jsaatjiars. The burdens of two worlds are upon u«. '~W'o aro to conduct our busi. ncBi here, nud wo i»ve the responsibility of the hereafter. Whif 1 w»nt to show is that \ iu business religion ii ira absolute neceuity Integrity, in the first place, is necessary to healthful business. Well, roligion makes a man just, truthful, upright aud downright. Roliwon straightens tho crooked iu a man's 'character. flia ' Yes ' means yes, .and hia 'No' meaim no. Thoro is no boalthy business without this, rcmomber. He exhorted his hearers to let tho light of God anil of otornity cntor into all their business, and proceeded to deal with bis subject undor tho eecond head. Tho next, word 1 choose, said tho preacher, ia Govorraucut. (iovornmciit of tho family is not well dono without religion. Picture to yourselves, the home of a family. It is a mansion, it stands amidst green trees, and, contains in and around it nil tho luxuries of lifo. Thero you find cul ture, thero the courtesy of refined sooioty. There is a l«rgu family of childron growing up in what yon WGuld call a beautiful home. But prayer is not there; roveronco is not thoro, uud religion is not thero. Tho rinvclnnmnufc of that familv will not bo beautiful. Oh, 1 speak as ono who knows this: Tho development of your boys and girls- will nqvor bo beautiful if you try to govern your families without God. Thoy will beoorno spiritually lawless or a la-.w unto themselves. Government of sooioty nan. not bo rightly carriod on without roligion. Thero nro a largo number of Melbourne pooplo here. Do not you feel for thu city of your adoption V Are you not snrry to see so much sin ? Do you not pity tho forsaken, thu poor drunkard reoling towards bell? Can it be well with Melbourne without religion ? A city once nourished from whioh God was banished. Reverenoo was not thoro ; religion bad departed. Tho augel from heaven went out among tho wild mountains of Zonr ; tho heavens became angry ; the forked lightning of God shot aoross tbo Heavens; aud tbe thunders rolled in tho firmament. Tho foundations of that city were burnt front under it, and tbe city disappeared In the doptbs of the earth. 1 am no prophet. I am only rolatiuc un historical fact. Remember that human beings are not congregated to gether to become ono mass of spiritual and morul corruption ; they are not brought to gether in great modern oitios tbat thoy may contaminate one another. And in God's name let uuuo of my hearers dnro tc add to the moral conflagration that is burning up this society ; let nono of you dare to add ono iota to tho siiiB of this placu ! Whou tho timo camo in Rome when mon asked throughout the em pire, with Pilate, ' What is truth?' when Paul was told 'Too much learning is driving thoo mad ; Truth cannot bu discovered ;' when tho pricutH going up to the Temple nt the hour of aacrilico smiled at each other as much aa to nay, 'Thero is no meaning in this, as you know aud its I know,' though roligion is useful in its way ; when the gods descended from Olym pus, then began that great tragedy, the greatest of all of its kind tbat tho world has ever aeon — tho decline) and fall of tho Roman Empire. Franco tried to govern without Uod, nnd the wicked attempt ontlcd iu the reign of terror, nud Franco, like an unnatural mother, devoured her own children. I am not going to prophcBy, but these, great modern cities and this great British empire will become a helpless ruin without God. History is at my back. Lot all who bnvo to govorn these countries fear the Lord. Tho third grand word I shall adopt iu 'literature,' the great institution of inodorn civilisation. I have not out; un kind word to Bpeak with regard to this matter. Speaking, 1 am -in re, in tbo presence of literary men, no ono hero need take, urn brago at anything that I nball Bay. No man is inqro uaruful to road liia daily news paper than I am. I find (iod everywhere Hooks — beautiful books— tho companions of all my hours 1 Does this sound odd to you ? I winb to show you bow beautiful liturnturu can bo, You havo not considered, porhaps, what a privilege it is to have books; what rt privilege to bavo noble, honest, manly newspapers, ovory morning bringing 110WH of the whole world to your broakfaat table, like a golden bond round the globo, bringing men aud women nearer and ncaror to each other. What a force it is. You Jcnrn opinions from the authors you read and love. Thoy aro your masters ; they arc tbo masturs, and you aro tho pupils. You aro glad to learn from them. Well, tho literature of a people should bo, lirst, truthful. It ahould havo facts ; it should bo real — not a phantom, not nu apparition, liko tho characters in Ossian's poems — prose, not phantasmagoria. Tho literature of Melbourne should bo sturdy, robust, truthful, reality. You will not agreo with what Napoleon said. Ho said that his. tory was a fable 'ngrecd upon.' It ia (something more. Novels — if wo must havo novels — must be something more than stupid sensational narratives, beginning with the youthful pnnaions and ending at tho marriago tio with the as sertion that ' thoy lived happily over aftor wnrdi.' If thoro is to bo poetry — as thero must bo — lot it bo true to man's subjoctivo nal'uro, and to the objectivo phenomena of the world. If wo must bayu books on theology — and we must — lot there bo room enough for overy new fact that God in teach ing tbo world. You must not onoloae theology within the limits of an iron bond, but throw it opon. I call upon iny brothers in tbo sacred ministry, and, if you misunderstand I say that I behove every cardinal doctrine of the Christian, religion. 1 bolievo in God tho Father and His Son, in the Holy Ghost and tho Incarnation of God iu Christ iu that whioh comes to 1110 from tho death and roHurroction of Christ ; but believ ing nil thin, 1 am tho moro prepared to wel ooiuo philosophy — to welcome any now fact fromany corncrof thouniverso. I havo room for it here. My Bible is a wonderful book, and thero is room iu my religion for all tho faots which soieneo can present. Therefore 1 nay of tbo literature of theology ' Lot it bo real, and let it roceivoall now idoaa.' The second feature in tho literature of the pooplo should be its purity, I bavo stood 011 tho green bank of a boautiful Walsh river, 1 have looked down through tbo deep waters, aud fjazod upon tbo golden pebiiloa at tho bottom and waLuiiuki viiu num. uu tuuy t£&aiuuueo.; llltiro in their own delightful element. 1 would have literature, not a muddy stream, but tbo pure water of intelligence, clear an crystal. Literary men, 1 am nuro you will not bo angry with 1110 if 1 speak candully to you. You ahould labor to make tho litoraturo of this country, and of tbia city of Melbourne, a puro river of truth. I have a third feature. It should be generous, loviug, kind nnd brotherly. We havo enough of inevitable sorrow iu this world without hurting on» another. Tho truths of criti cism should bo baptised in love. You liko to bo spoken of kindly, don't you ? Well, so does every other man. What a ' kindly light' that was which went before iBrae), uud led the peoplo out of Egypt. In tho terrible storm when they Groused the sea, it was there ; aud when thoy bud passed tho waters, it was in the wilderness. They seemtd to cry, ' Lead, kindly light,' and tbe kindly light did lead them. Letnottho promised light of literaturo abandon us. It should lead man on from vulgarity, degrada tion and sin; lead them as the light led out of Egypt. My dear friends, I will do all I can to lead tho peoplo of thin city into God's care. Will tho literary men of tho city help mo '/ I would muko my pulpit say to litoraturo, ' Let thero bo no disagreement between mo aud thec. We aro brethren. ' I would makn litornturo reply, ' Where thou goeat I go ; where tlion lodgest I lodge ; thy peoplo Bhall be my people, and thy God shall he my God, and eternal peace nhnll reign.' Business, govern ment and literature require religion. He had a fourth word, anil that was science.' The word, taken literally, meant knowledge; but it also meant tho noblest of intelligent men explaining the aubltance of their studies and investigations. Ho held tbat mon of science needed the light of religion. Tho great work or this world, was the volume of Jehovah and it required light from Him to enable scitnee to comprehend it. He would ascend ono stop higher, and use one word moro — tbat word wan, philosophy. Philosophy wus the noble attempt, the grand endeavor ing of the greatest mindi to account for the earth — the hoiv, why, and wherefore of all things. There waa, lio said, no answer so wise and so deep as the old anov/er. Nobody knows more than that ; religion does not tell U3 more than, that ultimately this uni verse may be rilled with blessedness. I like to think tbat before the nun, moon and stars had come forth to shine there was a neces sity in the mind of the Creator to rind creatures to lore Him ; nud that hu taid ' I will create a universe,' and He created the whole of this universe that He might have Boiucthing to love, to embrace, to bless for over. Whatsoever ye do do it to the glory of God, iu business, in government, in litera ture, iu science tud in philosophy — du all for Hia name's sake. ThihI'Sonuay akterTkinitv. — Tbe Very Rev. Dean Russell, of Adelaide, preached last night at St. Mary's Church, Hotliain. He ae. jested his text from First Epiatle of John iv.. 7th ver^e. — 'Uelovcd 1H ua love one another, for love is of God ; and everyone that lovtth is born of God, and knoweth God.' At this season of the year they were 'occupied with the great mystery involved in tho revelation of the uncreated godhesd. We saw that even if we could get rid of the doctrine of the Trinity wo 'could not get quit of that mystery,- aud that all specula tion on it waved between two theories. On the one sido was tho incarnation whioh, though 0 fact, involved a particular theory of the Divine ? ontrance into tho world of living men; nuch a theory as, with the mam. festatiou of God, rotaincd tho idea ot his personality, of tho action of God as a :or'son»l will iu tho midst of humanity, and of Him as a personal will emerging from tho etornal and unseen. On tho other sido waa the theory of tho pantheist, whioh attemptoa to solve tho mystery involved in tho idoa ot nn absolute God, and of tbo notion of God in NatuT-e, by identifying God with nature ana nature with God. Between theso two theories osoilloted nil the movoinoiits of human thought. Eaah of these views was consistent and ooherent, but the intermediate theories whioh denied the actual entrance o£ tno Godhead into our fienh left tho original myatery ns impenetrable as over. Wo hailett it as the glory of our faith that wo behoved that Jeaus did really come forth from tno Father, that his sonahip ' was an eternal sonship ; thnt bo did deliver to us tbo sccrot thought of . God concerning uh ; that ho really did aBcend to heaven, and that a true pathway had oeen established in him for us. It was not vrttti us iu our seokings after God as it was witfi tho subtlo Greek. . Did wo ask what Got was ? Tho answer was— God is love. And thoy must not resolve this into any lower menuing auoh as that God does love 'iboy were to conceive of God as inliuito lovo armed with power. It was the supremo power of tbo univorso in whioh wo dwelt. The manifestation of tbo Godhead waa the coming forth of divine love into nature and human lifo. A mere intellectual knowledge of God did not constitute true faith ami godliness. Ton Jovo of God made itself manifest in man—' Every ono that loveth is born of God, and knoweth God.' It would manifest itself when thoy were faco to fitoe with tho temptations that might try their principles, and when they Mould be called upon to struggle with their own lowor nature, to maintain a spirit of goueroBity nnd forbearance. Ho did not, know how it was hero, but in the colony from whioh he o»rae (South Australia) the'ir public contests, ovnn thoso whioh affected to be intellectual, threatened to become brutal; aiid tiny wanted, on the part of thoso who did really wish to bo true and faithful to Christian principles, not merely a passive but an active maintenance of thnt magnanimous temper which could alone fitly represent tho obaraoter of tho holy doctrine they bad re ceived. Father O'Mulley delivored nnothor of tho series of lectures on Modern 'Thought, at tit. Patrick's Cathedral last eveilug. The sub ject of tho rov. gontlomauTJ discourse was '.'miracles.' lie argued at name length in favor of the ponuibility of initaelcB, and ro futed the arguments of certain writers whoso contentions wero agaiuist tho possibility of wonderful things that could bo considered an miracles. Ho pointed out that it was ab surd for any one man from hia own indi vidual knowledge to toll uu that from out experience Buch things woru impossible. At the conclusiou of the service Father O'Malley announced that hia next lecturo would deal with tho same subject. Auuivorsary services wore bold yestorduy, niOMiiug and evening, by tho l(cv. S. C Kent, in tbo Victoria-parade Congregational Church. Tho Rot. W. Poolo adiiresaed the Sunday School pupils iu tho afternoon, and wns listened to with inuoh attention. kJL 