SMEWS OF THE DAY. A THIRD EDITION of The Herald will be published at half-past five o'clock this oveniug, Bnd will contain a continuation of the report of the proceedings in the divorce suit of Macartney v Macartney, which is exciting so much interest, and also reports of the . proceedings of the Legislative Assembly and Legislative Couucil, . which just nt this crisis are of particular importance. Any other itoms of intelligence, telegraphic or otherwise, that may ho obtainnblo, will also be given. The undermentioned lenders wore formally ncceptcd by tbo Publio Works Dapartmoati at tbo Board Boom of the Lands Ofllca tlii8 afternoon. The Hon. Francis Longmoro' President of the Board of Lands und Works dcclnred tho lowest tender :-r-Wash watoc reservoir drains nnd rcticniation at Hospital for Insane, Ararat John McArthur, £329 -Is; Fenoing volunteer artillery parade ground, Geelong, Thomas Shcrbournc, £13 Is 10d ; Draining works at Hospital for Insane, John Stevens, £52. The Elections nnd Q'anlifications Odm- mittee resumed its sitting at one o'clock to day, when the petition of Mr Shnckoll agair.st the return of the hon D. Gillies wns further considered, A report of tho pro ceedings up to tbo time of going to press appears in another column. Doth Houses of Parliament meet this after- neon. The Council will resume the debate on the second reading of tbo Land Tax Bill, and tho division is likely to bo taken before the Bitting terminates. It is generally under stood that it will bo very close. Tho As sembly is not likely to do any business, as it is believed to be the intention of the Govern ment to ask for a further adjournment, pend ing the decision of the Oounoil on tho Laud Tax Bill. Mails will bo made up at the Genorai Post Office and be, despatched in time to he forwarded by tho Bteamor Eowon, announced to leave Sydney on tho 6th Ootober. The time appointed for closing is for letters, packets, and noWBpapors at 6 30 p.m. en Wednesday ', 3rd October. Lata letters will be taken up to G p.m., to be forwarded over land to Sydney. Lettora for the Onilud Kingdom, Japan, China, and tho East, if specially endorsed " Via Torres 8traits," with the usual rates of postage prepaid, but not otherwise, will bo enclosed in the mails for despatch by that route. It is announced by the Bail way department that on and after the 1st of Ootober next tkvro will be an additional train from Gee- long to Melbourne, This train will leave Geelong at 7. 15 a.m. and will arrive in Mel bourne at 9,20 a.m. It is also intimated that on and after the same date tho mixed train leaving Melbourno at prosent at 3.10 p.m. will not leavo until LIS p.m. The arrange ments will probably be found to be of great convenience to business people. Persona in Geelong may leave in the morning, have seven hours for business iu the metropolis, and get home before seven in the evening, An affray which took place last night in Eussoll's boarding house, West Melbourne, very nearly resulted in a fatality. It appears that Eume dispute occurred between a blind mendicant, a very aged man, and a well- known wharf-loafer, named Jehn Spence, tho bono of contention being the ownership uf an old pipe. From augry words the disputants proceeded to blows, and dpence, taking a smnll-bladed knife from his pocket, inflicted three stabs on the blind man's chest near the region of the heart. Constable Dempster shortly after arrested the would-be assassin, and had the wounded man conveyed to tho hospital, where he now lies in a dangerous condition. The prisoner wns brought before tho City police court to-day, and was remanded for a week. A number of gentlemen connected or inte rested lu the printing profession assembled at the steam printing works of Mersrs Claison, Mnssina, and Co., on Tuesday even ing, for tho purpose of witnessing the trial of a new machine recently imported by the firm from tho Messrs Dawson's Wharfdale Works, Yorkshire. The machine referred to is a 2-feeder self-flying one, and differs in many respects to any other machine by the eamo makers in tbo colony. It is cat pnble of working with oaae and accu racy up to 3000 por hour, no matter whether the Bizc of the forme bo double news or a small card. The great charm about this machine is that it is only neces sary to alter tho grippers when a small or large forme has to he made ready, and consequently unlike Bimilar machines by tho same maker, the conneotiug-rod need not be touched. Machinists will easily understand that thereby a great saving of timo is effected. A small knife, or an instrument closely resembling a circular saw, as. keen as n razor, is attached to each set of delivery (rapes for cutting the sheets when it is so desired, and this knife at the will of the feeder or machincman can by simply pressing handle, bo thrown into or oat of gear instantaneously, Messrs Olarson, Mussina and Co's now machine was erected by Mr Bichard Foster, tbo head machinist of the establishment, who is, besides, a member of the firm. TbiB latest addition to tho plant of this old established printing firm has been necessitated by the steady increase of .news and book work which has been en trusted to them. The healthB of the various partners of- the company were cordially drunk by those present, who all expressed their gratification at being witnesses at tuch an interesting ceremony. The return ball to tho Eight Worshipful the Mayor .and Mrs Peterson, took place icist evening, and wnB eminently successful. The company was numerous, and the cos tumes' of the ladies . and gontlemen who adopted fnncy dresses were, although not so mimerouu as on the occasion of the ball given by his Worship last month picturesque, nnd in many instances splendid, Con siderable ammuseroent wns occasioned by the really clover actiDg anjl ludicrous antics of Mr J, M. Christie and Mr Francis Stephen, the former being capitally made np, a la Frank Hu?oy, as Old Bocks whilBt Mr Stephen as Policoman X was really capital. The fun occasioned by tbcEe gentlemen was thoroughly enjoyed, indeed bo well did these revellers enact their respective roles, that more than one civic official interfered between the parties. The denounmeut, when a cold chicken was aken from the carpot bag of Bocks by tho policeman, was simply immense: His Ex cellency tho Governor, Lndy Bowen, and ' uitc were present during a portion of the cslivitieB. The anniversary dinner of the Australian Litho.aud Copper-plate Printers' Society, is to be hold to-morrow evening nt Bigby'a John Bull Tavern, Little CoIHdb street, It is expected that there will be a largo atten dance of members of the trnde,nnd n number of vieitorB will also be present os gacsts, The art-uniou epidemic is spreading. The latest outbreak has occurred at Eaglohnwk, where one of theBO rnckots is to be held ou behalf of the local pnblio library, Tho first prize 1b to be £500, and tho second £200, There are to be 5000 tickets issued at 10s each. Tho case of n man named Ellis Wallace, who was charged boforo the City Court yesterday with insulting behaviour, aud who presented a fearfully battered appearance, is likely to prove mora serious than wns at first supposed. Wallace wns arrcstod by Constable M'Dowall, who yesterday aworo that he did not inflict tho wound on his prisoner's forehead, He accounted for the gash by explaining that his truncheon merely grazed Wallace's head, and that ho fell against tho baton, which ho was holding lu a defensive attitude, warding off a blow aimed at lain by tho prisoner, who attacked him '.villi « paling. Another constable named itainoy contra dicted his comrnde's evidence, and declared the wound was onnsod by tho paling re bounding from M'DougnU'n baton, striking him as already stated, Acting on tho recom mendation of Sergeant Pewtrees, Wallace wnB sent to the Hospital by Inspector Byall. Dpon examination it was found that the skull wns inid .bnre by tho blow. Tho wound is stated to be somewhnt serious, and fears . are entertained that erysipelas may ensue. Wallace by some one or the other has been very eruolly maltreated. His hands and arras are at pre- sont absolutely powerless, which is at tributed by Wallace to tho blows inflicted oil bim by Constable M'Dowall. Iu the interest, of the policeman referred to, as well as of Wallace himself, the subject should be probed to the bottom, and doubtless Mr Eyall will cnuBO nn early investigation to be made. It is Btated that several porsous who' witnessed the affair are prepared to give evidence. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen appeared ' in tho Prahran Court to-day as counsel for Mr, Alfred England, who still resisted tho application of his daughter to get her necessaries. The form the ease now took wbb a Bummons on Mr England to shew cause why he should not comply with tbo order of tho Bench. The Bench confirmed iheir order, nnd Sir Bryan gave notice of nppenl to the Supreme Court. Noxt tho Bench heard an application by Miss England for the value of her clothes etc., in default of their beinggiven np. This broke down on the service of the order. Mr. England hav ing judiciously absented himself from the court, Sir Brynn raised the point that the service was uot proved. It then transpired that the constable who served the order was absent on leave, and so the case had to be postponed till next court day. At tbo Sandridge Police Court, this morn ing the late steward of the British ship Theopnne — James Guile — wbb charged with desertion. It transpired that thu ship went alongside the town pier on Monday week last, and on the following day, through some misunderstanding on the voyage out between the captain and himself, the captain told him he might leave tho ship if he did uot require any pay, The defendant considered himsolf discharged, and wnb in the act of going away when tho chief officer, Braithwuito, brought him back and struck him. For this offence Guilo summoned the chief officer, aud he pleaded guilty to the offence of striking, He was fined £3. nnd £1 15a costs. Mr Mollison, P.M., in deciding the ease of desertion against Guilo, said he must abide by the strict letter of the law. Tho fact of the captain and the otcwsrd having n conver sation nbout the discharge could not be held legal. The matter ought to have beon taken before tho shipping master, who alone eould releavo tho narties from their engagement as mnster and seaman. He sentenced tho de fendant to ten days' imprisonment. Tho decision caused some surprise in court. A case of assault against the captain was then proceeded with. The Melbourne correspondent of the Goo- long Advertiser stateB that another ex-M. L.A. is nbout to become the landlord of a hotel in this city. Without mentioning the locale, I mnyBtatothat Mr. John Whiteman hns become the proprietor of an old establis hed hotel, situated in 8wanston-street." The Ballnrat Star remarks, that it may not be an uninterosting fnct to Btatc that a nephewof Mr J. Boff, clothier, of Main street, is at the seat of war in Europe, he being tho chief engineer of several English compnnies who have railways in Turkey. This gentleman lives ntnr Varna, and, wo believe, nets as a correspondent to a paper in Bedford, bis father's native place. Tho M. and D. Advertioor snys : — " 'Play ing at ghost' may bo a very pi insant amuse ment, but it is a mischievous and rascally one. Yet, according to all accounts, some fellow is now in the habit of masquerading in certain portions of the town dreseed in a white Bbeet, for the purpose of frighten ing people. Not long since tho. little daughter of Mr Jones, of the locomo tive department of the railway, wau nearly frightened out of her witB by a- scoundrel so enveloped springing up before her ; and we now hear that some fellow, obvionsly the same, has been playing similar pranks on the Cemetery road. Our informant alleges that the fellow was seen by young lade, who were so seared that they turned anil ran all the way to Bluoher'b Reef. The game he is playing is a dangerous one, as any night ho is liable to receive an ounce of lend through him from some adventurous hunter after ghosts." Since the exodus of Dr PeebleB matters have been lather quiet in " Spirit" circles, The members of the various seancca are now, however, waking to fresh life. Negotiations nro in progress for the visit of Mies Emma Hardinge, the eminent medium and lcctnrcss, to this colony from America. This lady is well known in tho latter country, and her visit to Victoria will be looked forward to with great interest by Spiritists generally, Salsbury's Troubadours are playing at tho Prince of Wales Opera House and are doing a splendid business. This is not to be wondered at, for their entertninment is one of the most genuinely humorous that has been given in Melbourne for a long time. Tlic audience is kept in one continual state of laughter. Ail the performers are really ex cellent in their respective departments. On Saturday, at the Princess Theatre, the members of the Amateur Drnmatic Academy will give a performance which iB likely to prove particularly attractive. Tho pieces to be played are the historical drama, Plot and Passion, and the farco, The Young Widow, in both of which a lady amateur, who from the talent she. has shown: at' rehearsal is expected to make a great hit, will nppoar ff r the first time,' under the nom do theatre of Ruby de Burgh. In the farce, also, Mr Isaac Lyons has promised to play, i 