[Fromin the'Saturday Review,], THERE has always been a great- comp?aint of the dulness- of sermons, and :it must be admitted that; as a general rule, it is not without foundation. ~ The difficulty, is that the ordinary subjects of discourse, are essen tially of a grave and solemn character,: and that this naturally affects the manuer of treating them. On the whole, however, it may perhaps be doubted whether it is alto gether a sound objection .to sermons that they are dull, or whether real sermons. can be otherw~ise-that is, dull in ..the sense of being confined to religious; instruction. and exhortatiofi, and not directed to the mere entertainment or amusement of an audience. A church is, under its natural conditions, not a place for recreation in any., form, but for the cultivation of a state of mind which 're quires,ýin order that justice should be done to it, a.certain degree of serious attention and reflection. There are, however, some lively preaclhers, and.with different kinds of liveli ness. Thliere are some• who,.by their earnest ness, eloquence, and impressive power of de monstration; can .keep their hearers deeply interested without in ay, way deviating from the grftvity :of their task i. .while, there' are others, like Mr.: Spurgeon and Mrt Mlooady, who make a point of being uinnvy, and lwho are not, very particular. how far they 'pushi -their jokes. Tihere. is also qinothlie class who, without descending to such avuoi r ` e xpe dients aim at securing:popularit i.a- cloice of topics which deal not with .the doctr esi'of religion in'its brdinary? sense, butiwitht ques tions of the day in which there are openings for fhmiliar- talk and pungent remiarks; and for introducing matters of more iiinmediate worldly interest than the usual substance' of pulpit deliverances. Within the last week or' two a story has been going the round of the papers as to a well-known clergyinan ,who, in giving notice of the subject of a fuiture'ser mon,'either did not speak very 'distlinctly,' or at Idast was not distinctly heaad, so thit 'the congregation went away under the, impres sion that they were to have a rich treat in a sermoni on "The Sanitary Aspects ofJHell.'! The: preacher had: already shown his clever ness in dealing with.- such questions by the way in which he had some time before dis posed of the Devil, and there was. therefore much curiosity to'hear his views on another side of a question which has a great. ascina tioa for many people. .There was accordingly. a large atteridance at the appointed time, and much disappointment was ,caused -wlien. it. becamine known that :a: inisapprehension,had. occurred, and that the :su:bject of the sermon. was not what it iw as expected -to: be, but the. miore prosaid question ot the ",Spiritual As pects of Health." T'This story is.a small one .in itself, bit it illustrates the tastes of a.';cer-. taim 'class of church-goers; which naturally have an effect on the .habits; of .pieachers. There are a great inany people who,::apart from any keen religious , enthusiasm'i,like ;to go to church. It is a- break in ithe monotony: of what to them is' apt to be a dull, day,,:and. it is not" everybody .who, can consoleihimself at home with the: 4Observer or?Bell's;Life. There is usually' something more, or:less :ex hilarating "in the 'sense of:bein g` in:a multi ,tde, and thib is felt in churchl as. elsewhere, while- the appearance; of the :congregatioin, including the costumes of the ladies is also not :iwithoutinterest for certain minds. - (From time to; time a 'discussion !sprins' tip; as :to Sunday amiisements,: and there ..can. be no, doubt' that some kinds of religious' service are included in the categoi'y. Some people, over ;':lookinig the meaning' and spirit ;of religious symnbolism,; go simply for the. sake of. seeing a brilliant displky :of vestments ,and other: decorations, +and:' of hearing, good: music, 'which, supplies .them with much the same sense of gratification as they find at a: theatre, and which they would probably seekat a :theatre if any were open on a Sunday;. There is another class, which does:not'care for such: things, but desires to be;tickled' and amused during ~the -perod of what is shpposed: to be divine service. TJhey.do not object to morn ing: prayer;'ifit is only a prelude:to a smart and· stiiring discourse::; : and, indeed, they rather :like it as an appearance -of respec tabepiet:y. i But what these people goi for is the :sermon;, if sermonit can. be called, and the 4highest praisevhich they can.bestow ofn a preacher to:their:taste is to. say : that :he is. " a'sgood.as a play." ~iTlhe relation .between: : supply anid demand is this observablein: ithe clerical as in other professions ; and a ten dency is developing to provide services.which, while 'conforming to the. external aspects0of religious worship, shall be of a more stirring and entertaining" kind for people of the world.. One distinguished preacher of this class, ob serving'that his hearers were 'etting tired of the ]3ible, took t;o the modern poets, whose remarks w+ere found miore piquant when recited frolm.thepulpit; and itiis satis; factory to think that, having• done' Shelley and.others, he has still Swinbnrn in reserve. We find in a less daring shape something of the same kind in a vohime of sermons and lectures which Mr. Hawies has jnst published. Of. course it is not called sermons, for that is rather an unpopular title. Cz'rrent Coin talfkeit out 'of the ordinary" rtit and keites curiosit~y.: Thie cover is adorned" with scat- tered coins of various kinds, and.there is: a quotation, not from the Psalms, but from the Laureate, at the head of the preface.: The authorlof this volume',daes.not pretend to much originality in its composition, arid a knowledges '.ery frankly that the materials have been obtained from well-known books. In fact, the discoiurses are, when read, ob viously crude and superficial;, but it.is easy .toimaginie that in delivery they: are agree able, to .a congregation such as we have described. It: is' not .so much what the speaker has:to say,. which is often .commoni 1" place and empty, as his way of saying it, that:gives point to these addresses which are collectively termed " pulpit discourses and platform speeches," though there is no means of distinguishing' one from the other. They are all,:in fact, lectures, and not,.in the brdi pary sense, sermons at all. Indeed the main object seems to. be to get rid of the ordinary topics and conditions of sermons, and to lead the congregation into fresh woods and pas tures new, much more refreshing than stale SScriptural dogmas; and rather to amuse and enliven than to edify them, in any serious way. " MIaterialism'? is tle first subject which we come to in Cu'rrent Coiu, and this, as is well known, is one of those questions which a large number of people, being 'as 'a Srule ignorant of what is really meant; ap: p1roach with a curious feeling of mingled alarm anid a sense of seductive' temptation. :They are rather afraid of it, as a ghost;. but. they would like to see whether there is not, after all, something ifih.it.'' This is a commoh, frame of mind at the:present day,.'not only: about this question but about many similar ones,. such as Spiritualism. There is a -feverish and morbid love of loose speculation whlicl~ leads maiy'pesbii to'taied an interest in iatters h?iih. 'seem~ to' them delightfully mysterious, and beyond the ordinary prosaic experiences of the world. In this way thdy enjoy at once not only the gratification of an idle and uifwholesome curiosity, but a sense of elation at their superiority over other people which they fancy 'they derive from their familiarity with, these great problems. In Current Coin the appetite for this kllid of stimulant is cleverly appealed to. The author acknowledges that what he has to say about materialism is "': little more than an at-; tempt to give a still wider currency", to Mr.. Miartineau's speculations.on, this subject; but any one who tuins to :Mr. Martineau's articles will see at once the difference between the deep concentrated study, and-carefully stated conclusionis, -of :that writer, ' and the vague, scrappy, and ;superficial mystification which Is here made 'of this -subject. Mr. Haweis also says that he has " used freely Bain, Herbert, Spencer, Maudsley, Buchner, G. Lewis, Croll, Crookes, A. Picton, and others," just as if he had their works at. his fingers' ends; but his detached fragmentary quotations' fromn 'scientific writers, and his vague summary of what he supposes to. be their views, certainly:;do not :seem to show tlihathe :has>ariy- thorough acquaintance 'with the: ubj'ct. :Mr.. Haweis, accuses the.:clergy (generaily of trying to shut their.eyes against thel- dangerous 'tendencies of modern science, iand of .being. afraid to.come :forward, boldly to iombat them; but it may be doubted ?i ether' much.is: gained ,' bye such loose: and, confiused'ang'uage:!as is:here employed.on the subject:,' !,He ,puts: theeicase.between :himself: and the men of science in:the form ofe a con versationi? in ! which of course; he has,:: as he thinks thie best of it. In a public address this method, of disposing ..of an , adversary ni'goht have some chance.of success from the glib, confident :manner in.. which it would be delivered ; but. when printed in a book its shallowness becomes at once apparent. There is also something;: equivodal;in the preacher's use` of the word " Spiritualism" as opposed to, " Materialism." . As meaning .an abstract theory; the word is nodoubtjustifiable enough; but it is nowadays usually. connected with the' operations of those who profess to be in com~munication- with invisible spirits, and .to briig 'them down to earth, and Mr. Haweis, whetheri he means -it or not, seems to give some countenance to these ..pretensions. He eipresses,: for instance, an opinion that " many of.the miraculous phenomena reported in the Old and New-Testaments bear the closest re seniblance and affinity to .the alleged pheno-. mena of modern Spiritualism ;" and he adds. that" the' important question is,. not so much iwhetler or no the dead are trying to commu iicate-although that is of.course important but ;vwhether .the . phenomena .witnessed, prove the possibility of intelligence of some lkind human or:otherwise, living; and acting upon matter without:.the: brain, and nervous sy tem;, declired-t byphysiologists to be indis-, pensable to the :very: existence.of any intelli ence.": :Ad.tlien he goes on to say, I.'"his is the:real feason ,why_ modern Spiritualism. cainot; gets a- heating .-withi most ~scientific in."- The. truth -is, of course8 thliat, as the, iiiatter: stands,!it is purelyv a: question of scienz-i tific research,anrid the Spiritualists; while; al leoing, thie ?existence of ,certain -iphysical> marvels, .produce: no; evidence which can be ade?uiately ;.tested.'- ,Again,. in a: sermon, on, tlhe Devil, Mr: Haiveis.expresses, not exactly: his -belief;'}but his readiness to believe, in goodi and evil :spirits?olerating in the world; :,and, iafte: a jumble of remarks :about. the I'"mighty, influences: of ,dynamic ,power,' " the: strange and sulitle .vibration of heat rrays," electricity, and 'its curious connection with nerve force, of whichlit'may be only .one subtle modifica tion,' he:suggests. thar " some- such agency is that;ýbeing.controlled.and directed by ex ternalintelligence, inay be used as an instru ment fo. setting. up brain waves, and, creating idi thiemind ,impulses..and, thoughts.". He tboes not.distinctly state at what conclusion he himself arriires, .but vaguely remarks.,that ~ mbdern-.Spiritualism offers to produce intel li'ence'of some kind, acting uponmatter and yet uniconniected with albrain and a nervous system ;,: arid that, :if this : could be proved, ': Godliis?conceivable.", :It -cannot be said that thiS;random way of discussing a question elieriding: on exact evidence and scientific knowledge is likely to have a.beneficialeffect on thLk minidsc which are influenced by it. What the pi'eacher: seems to be doing is to excite the imagination while confusing the mind 'asto the conditions on whichlogical and reasonable conclusions can be obtained. He even goes out of his way to.speak a good wvord for that horrible print, the Police Newos, simply because-"'f whatever there is unwhole some about it,: through it the imagination is exercised, and the people forget themselves.'" He-is.also.in favour of Moody and Sankey, though. he thinks some of their doctrines to be untrue and absurd, because they can, move the people. Another characteristic remark is that "many of us are beginning to feel that the religious worship of the. future w?ill be different in fashion from any of our received and .time- honoured forms," and,.that in his opinion, "-it does. not seem to matter much what the form is. ,He has, he states " learned to be almost as happy in the Roman, Greek, or Jewish churches as.in the Protestant It may be doubted- whether efforts of this. kind to excite, afeverish and restless curiosity as to mysterious "probleis, to start the mind .on delusiveitrainslof thought, and destroy dthat thabit: of cjuiet, sober ,reflection which is ?lie necessary:,basis of fixed principles, can:, be in chiided in the :category, either of soundi relit gious ;instruction or of sound inistructio: of any kInd .1 