A JOURNALIST ON WAR. Mr G. A. Sala writes to the Illustrated London News, from Constantinople, as follows The bodies of some 8000. Englishmen moulder peacefully in this (Scutari) graveyard. I fancy that the remembrance of their deaths might mode rate the frenzy of the politicians who seem bent on hounding England on to a fresh war with Russia. Surely those politicians must be mainly youDg men, or they must have very short memories. I remember the episodes of the Crimean war, as though they had happened yes terday, for then, as now, I was earniug my daily bread by literature and jour nalism, and the war brought me every day fresh materials for my pen. I was within an ace in 1S56 of going to Sebas topol, but I went to Russia instead. Can you not recall, you who are middle- aged and whose memories are good, those two miserable years between the fight at the Alma and the fall of the Malakoff. Do you remember the Ghost's Derby Day in 1855 ? Do you remem ber when, on the cliff at Brighton and the Marina at St. Leonards, you could scarcely walk ten paces with out meeting groups of ladies and children clad in deepest mourning for their fathers, husbands, brothers, sweethearts, slain in that wretched Chersonese, or who had sickened and died in the cheerless wards of the Scutari Hospital ? Are we to have these years of private agony and be reavement, of public blundering and mis management, over again ? I suppose so ; glory is a very fine thing. I am only a pekin, a civilian, and I know nothing about glory- ; but I confess that my blood grows cold and that my heart sickens when I hear politician pertly prating about the ' arbitrament of the sword,' aud ' war clearing the atmosphere, and so forth. I never met Glory yet, and I don't know what he or. she is lite ; but 1 have met War face to face half-a- dozen times in as many countries. I have looked into the whites, or rather the crim sons, of his eyes, and I have gazed upon the Sisters, who follow him wheresoever he goes. They are three sisters, and their names are ' Rapine,' and 'Disease,' and ' Death.' This is, of course, a mi serably cavern and spiritless way of look- iug at War. I cannot help it. .1 have seen only War's madness and wickedness, its foulness and squalor. To me it has represented nothing but robbery and profligacy, but famine and slaugh ter ; and I can but think that if the warlike politicians were to witness just half-an-hour of actual warfare as I have witnessed it in America, in Italy, in Mexico, in France, and in Spain, their martial ardour would cool down a little, and they would not be quite so prompt to blow the bellicose trumpet." 