Sporting Notes. RACING EVENTS TO COME. Geelong Racing Club Meeting, January 27 and 28, 1877. Glen Innes Races January 24, 25, 26. Tamworth Races. March 6 and7. Nominations, Dalby Handicaps, March 8.. Weights, Dalby Handicaps, March 16. General entry, Dalby Races, April 12. Dalby Annual Races, April 17 and 18. THE recent victories of Roseberry in the double events of the Cesarewitch and Cam- bridgeshire Stakes has startled the sporting world at home, and Mr. Smith, the fortunate owner, has become the leviathan of the time. The fact that this gentleman has passed through the dark and varying gradations of printer's devil, ordinary "typo" at so much per 1000 (which, by the way, may have had something to do with " what's the odds,") editor and proprietor of a sporting journal, with all its gloomy cares and responsibilities, to his present proud position of achieving for his generation the-ah ! well, if the Derby is is considered the Blue Ribbon of the Turf this wonderful double should certainly have some such brilliant designation as the-Royal Purple of the Turf ! proves that he is none of your common Smiths, but a man of much the same stamp as the carpenter, Davis, who some years ago, from winning a paltry sweep of thirty shillings rose to be one of the most honoured and trusted bookmakers in England, receiving the patronage of all the sporting nobility, and, in West Australian's year, meeting his liabilities of over a quarter of a million with wonderful promptitude on the settling night without trenching on his reserve fund of about the same amount. Some years back a spell seemed to hang over the two great three-year-old races of the year-the Epsom Derby and the Doncaster St. Leger- and no wizard horse was able to dispel the charm until Lord Clifden's Surplice-he must have been a Ritualistic horse-after a desperate race dispelled the illusion, since which time it has been frequently repeated. On the pre- sent occasion, too, the heavy impost of a stone penalty made the winning of the two handi- caps more problematical, and it is strange that this, the first year of such a steadier, Fate chooses to prove that " there is nothing new under the sun" either in the horsey or other mundane spheres. Roseberry has indeed banished this spectral charm in a most wonder- ful manner, for a quarter-of-a-mile from home a horse, by name "The Ghost," cannoned against the winner severely, but the rider was brilliant enough for the occasion, and saved his horse in a most charming manner just in time to win the race by a neck. What is very rare on the Turf-the owner (Mr. Smith) seems to bear an admirable reputation for liberality and straightforwardness, exemply- fying the first by presenting the jockeys in each race with a cheque for a cool thousand, and the latter by rendering to the public in the most open manner all information as to "the wonder" he possessed. It is to be hoped that Mr. Smith's success will be tem- pered with wisdom and discretion, and not lead to extravagant excesses. Another great surprise has taken place in our own hemisphere, although to nothing like the dazzling figure of the one in the mother land. The Pride of the Hills, by Lord of the Hills, a colt run by Mr. Reid and bred by Mr. Gerrard, of South Australia, has just won the grand three mile Champion Race in Victoria in the easiest manner possible, and in the fastest time on record, winning for his lucky owner close on £10,000. The horse, although doing a good thing by beating Briesis and a good field for the Mares' Produce Stakes, and run- ning forward for a mile and a half in the Melbourne Cup, was little noticed by the general public, with whom the favourites were all in all. If this colt's fine strain of blood and Mr. Gerrard's fine accomplishments as a breeder had been studied more closely before the race, "the ring" would have been a greater sufferer, and not have come off so easy as it did. But the horse coming from such an outside place as South Australia was lost sight of by the cognoscenti, and the oft- bitten public, who generally follow the scent of these gentry, must necessarily trail in their accustomed traditionary groove and invest their money on the fancy of the "knowing ones" rather than use their own brains and study out a hero for themselves. South Australia has now the palm of having bred the champion three-miler in the colonies, and, with such grand cattle as the Pride of the Hills, it will take all the other colonies know to wrest it from her. The Glen Innes (N.S.W) acceptances are published, and a very large field is anticipated. There are some rare old acquaintances left in for the valuable Cup with its thousand guineas added money, and a splendid meeting is looked forward to in this, rich, pretty, and speculative little township on the New England. Next week we purpose to give some few foreshadowings for the Cup, as most of the intending competitors are familiarly known. The programme of the Queensland Turf Club is just published, and is an exceedingly attractive one. lt consists of a Trial Stakes of 50 sovs., Mares' Produce Stakes for two year-olds of 50 sovs., Turf Club Handicap of 200 sovs., Innkeepers' Plate of 30 sovs., Epsom (whatever that means) Handicap of 100 sovs., Maiden Plate of 100 sovs., Mares' Produce Stakes for three-year-olds of 100 sovs., the Brisbane Cup, a handicap of 10 sovs. each added to the munificent sum of 300 sovs., two miles. ; the ladies' Purse of 50 sovs., and the Craven Plate of 75 sovs., winding up the well-drafted programme. The members of the Club must be congratulated on the very liberal provision they have made in the shape of added money, and no doubt their efforts will meet with a hearty response from owners of horses and the general public, and seduce from the other colonies a great shoal of visitors during the race week. Our friends at St. George have set the ball rolling in a grand style for an out-of-the-way meeting. The programme comprises a Maiden Plate of 50 sovs., and the St George Handi- cap of no less than 200 sovs., added to a sweep of 5 sovs., the Balonne Handicap of 100 sovs., and the Sapling Stakes for two-year- olds of 15 sovs. I shall not be surprised to find a little ahead in the future this spirited Club rivalling the rich pastoral districts of Wagga Wagga and Glen Innes in New South Wales, and astonishing the natives with their 1000 guinea prize and gold cup. Bravo St. George ! The well-known racehorse Whalebone has changed hands during the past week for some- thing like £50, Mr. J. Nolan being the pur- chaser. Whalebone ran moderately well at the late North Rockhampton Races, and we expect to hear more good of him in the future. The Blackall Races came off on the 4th and 5th instant, but a detailed account of the running is not yet to hand. 