POPISH BELLMONGERY. . The following account from the Birmingham Daily Post of March last, will show our readers what Popish Idolatry and gross superstitions are in what may be called " Popish Bell- mongery." It cannot be Buprising to any one, with a gram of intelligence, that such silly superstition should be practised in open day in Protestant England in the 10th century. The dark ages are coming back again. " A ceremony of a somewhat peculiar nature, and one that has rarely been witnessed in Bir mingham, was performed at St. Chad's' Roman Catholic Cathedral yesterday morning. It will be remembered that a fortnight ago we gave an account of the castings of three treble bells by Messrs. W. Blews & Sons, of Bartholomew Street, which were designed to complete the peal of St. Chad's Cathedral. It appears that in 1S48, when Dr. Moore left the cathedral to become President of St. Mary's College, Oscott, five bells were presented to Chad's aB a memorial of him, and when he died in 1856 a steeple was erected on the north tower, the bells being hung in tho south tower. The peal has never yet been completed, but recently a friend of the cathedral has promised to present one bell, and an appeal has been made to raise the funds for providing the remaining two, the cost of three bells being £110. The names of the old bells are ' The Blessed Virgin's,' ' St. Peter's,' 1 St. John Baptist's,' St. Chad's,' and 'St. Patrick's.' The new bells are named 'St. Joseph's,' after the name of the recently exalted patron of the whole Roman Catholic Church ; ' St. William's,' the Christian name of Bishop Ullathorne ; and 'St. Agnes's,' this name being given at the request of the donor. Each, in addition to the name, bears a Latin inscription, and the names of the makers, with the date of casting. " The new bells were yesterday morning hung oh temporary supports in the north aisle .of the cathedral, each' being decorated with a boqnet of flowers, and the supports with evergreens. The Right Rev. Bishop Ullathorne performed the rite of 'blessing the bells,' he being assisted by Provost Bagnall and Canon O'Sullivan, canons ; Cannon Longman, deacon ; the Rev. Mr. Keates, sub-deacon ; and the Revs. W. Greaney, T. Dickinson, and J. Parker, masters of ceremonies ; there being also present the Revs. J. Sherlock, J. Dowling, Stoker, Whelan, and G. Duckett (Wolverhampton). "A procession first marched from the saoristy to the north aisle, the Bishop being vested in a white cope with mitre and pastoral staff. He approached the bells, and then seated himself at the chancel end of the north aisle. A number 'of Psalms having been sung in Latin, the Bishop blessed a vessel of water and a quantity of salt, 'exorcising the creature of salt' in the following words : — "'I exorcise thee, creature of salt, by the living God, by the true God, by the holy God, by God who by EliBeus the Prophet bade thee be cast into the water that the barrenness of the water might be healed ; that thou mayest be made exorcised salt unto the salvation of them that believe, and mayest be unto all that take of thee health of soul and body ; and that from the place where thou shalt be sprinkled may fly away and depart every phantasy and wicked- nesB and deceit of diabolical fraud and every unclean Bpirit. ' " He next prayed that the ' creature of salt ' might be blessed and sanctified, that ' whatever shall be touched or sprinkled with it may be free from all uncleanness and' every assault of spiritual wickedness.' The Bishop then pro ceeded to exorcise the 'creature of water in the name of the Trinity, that it ' might become exorcised water to drive away all the power of the enemy, and to root up and extirpate the enemy himself and his apostate angels.' "In a succeeding prayer he asked that the water might receive the effect, of Divine grace unto the driving away of demons and the banishment of diseases, so that whatsoever the water might sprinkle in the houses or places be longing to the faithful.be freed from all unclean ness, anddelivered from harm; that no pestilent spiritorair of corruption might abide therein, and that whatsoever washostile tothesafety or quietof the dwellers therein might fly away at the aspersion of the water. Further, he prayed that, when the bells had been moistened with the water, wherever they might sound might 'the power of those who lie in ambush, the shadow of apparitions, the attack of whirlwinds, the striking of lightning, the ruin of thunder bolts, the calamity of tempests, and all spirits of storms be scared away ; and that Christian children, on hearing them, might sing a new can ticle, introducing in their music, the marshalling sound of the trumpet, the sweet tones of the psaltery, the harmony of the organ, the cheer fulness of the drum, & thegladnessof the cymbal.' "An acolyte at this point presented salt to the Bishop, who, taking some in his hand, threw it into tho vessel of water in the form of a cross, saying, ' Let there be made a mingling of salt and water,' equally in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' In a prayer which succeeded, he asked that the Lord would vouchsafe ' to look upon this creature of salt and water, benignly to shine upon it, and to sanctify it with the dew of Thy goodness, that wherever it shall be sprinkled, by the invocation of Thy holy name, all the molestation of the unclean spirit may be removed and the terror of the venomous serpent may be driven far away.' "These devotions over, the Bishop assumed his mitre, and commenced to wash each of the bells, using a small brush for the purpose, the attendants meanwhile repeating psalms. Having partly washed the bells, the Bishop relegated the remainder of the task to his attendants, who completely washed the bells both inside and out, wiping them afterwards with clean linen cloths. On the conclusion of the psalm, the Bishop dipped the thumb of his right hand into a vessel of 'holy oil for the sick,' making the sign of the cross on each bell, and after wards carefully wiping off the marks with a clean cloth. Then he prayed that tho melody of the bells might drive away — " 'The snares of the enemy, the crashing of hail, the storm of whirlwinds, and the rush of tempests ; might avert the fatal thunderbolts, and soften the gushing of the winds down healthily and gently ; further, that the right hand of God's power might subdue the powers of the air, that, when they heard the bells they might tremble and fly before the standard of the Holy Cross of the Son which was marked upon them, to whom every knee bowed, of things in heaven, on earth, and in hell, and every tongue confessed that our Lord Jesus Christ, having swallowed up death on the gibbet of the Cross, reigned in the glory of God the Father of Christ.' "Another psalm was next repeated, during which an attendant priest, with chalk, marked seven small crosses on the exterior of each bell, and three crosses in the interior of each. The Bishop then, dipping his thumb in the 'holy oil for the sick,' marked seven crosses on each bell immediataly beneath the chalked crosses, and using chrism, or another kind of holy oil, made three crosses in the interior of each bell. Taking off his mitre, he prayed for a heavenly blessing on the bells, that before their sound might be driven far away the fiery darts of the enemy, the striking of thunderbolts, the fall of stones, and the ruin of tempests. Then he resumed his mitre, and having taken his seat, three acolytes, bearing thuribles, waited on him. Into tho thuribles the bishop threw thyme, frankincense, and myrrh, and he then held a thurible beneath each bell until the interior became filled with smoke. Finally, the thuribles were placed on a form immediately beneath the bells, and a psalm was chanted. A prayer by the bishop followed, in which he asked that whilst the sound of the bells travelled through the clouds, the bands of angels might save the assembly of the church; and the deacon concluded the ceremony by reading a portion , of the tenth chapter of St. -Luke. The bishop having kissed the Book of the Gospels, and made the sign of the cross on each bell, the procession was re formed, and the whole party re-entered the saoristy. The congregation which witnessed this ceremony was not large, but the utmost reverence and attention were displayed." 