TOWN TALK. Tho Assembly, on Thursday t night, per petrated a litllo bit of protection in adopting Atr. Stewart's resolutions; to the effect that the "House is of opinion-that, in order to encour age the manufacture of rope in this colony; it is desirable to admit hemp dufcjr free/'. As Air. Stewart has the ; iftorill support of the Colonial TreAsuter, he no'doubt anticipates success for his resolution. Mr. Dickson shows,.or rather attempts to show, that as the Customs' revenue on hemp hitherto has only been about a score of pounds annually, the revenue will "riot suffer ,by thri. Admission of that article ftee 'cf duty; but he ap pears • altogether . to lose sight of- the fact, as did Mr. r Stewart also, that if hemp is "admitted free, there is no limit to the production of the manufactured article here, and then while the Treasury will lose the large amount now derived from the £4 duty on rope, the, tax itself ttill still have to he paid by the people—only it will go to the rope manufactu rer instead of the Treasury. A similar resolu tion as regards leaf tobacco, * and which was supported by the samo kind of arguments, and which is capable of the same kind of answers, was lost. .. . . The old toast, "may our evening s amuse ment bear our! morning's reflection," might have "been uttered by the Volunteers before their late parade in the Queen's Tark- Their even ing drills have not stood the test of; daylight, but there is no reason why, before long, it should not, but tbev will have to turn over a new leaf before this consummation is reached. Strangers coming to the city any time during the past few weeks, Would have imagined that Brisbane was a fortress, with the enemy at its gates, so constant have beeil the marchings and OTuntermatchihgV IhO public, being" made thoroughly aware of these through the lungs of the bandsmen. Unfortunately these military outings do not seem to have worked much in the way of solid drill, and the military mountain has brought forth a ridiculous inottie. The public And thblr fep^enUtives are in'the htUfcohr jhst now to undraw their purse-strings in favour of the volunteers, wh$ iould not baulk this inclination by any further exhibition of loose and careless drill. ' Officers and men should look to it speedily. All those selfish men, and they are a numerous class, both here and in the old country, who only torn out on show occasions,: should have a. peremptory notice to quit, as a very fefr Unsteady men in the ranks will Undo all the work Of the steady men, and discobragfc theih sorely* as the public cannot discriminate er put the blame on the right shoulders. The failure of the "late parade, must, to some extent, he attributed to nervousness on the part of those exposed for the first time to the full glare of daylight alter their previous owl-like preparations^ The new clause Which Mr. Douglas imported into the Railway Beserves Bill on its recom mits! and carried, altering the principle of the measure to * the extent of taking the halves i instead of the whole of runa^ within ' the reserves, was intended, according' to minis ters, as * cOhdeSsion to the squatters, at their own request,. but their representatives on the Opposition side of the House refused utterly to regard it in this light, and declared that the bill was no fairer than before. This brought up that seldom speaker, Mr. Low, who expressed his astonishment' at the. state ments made on the other side of tho House, and stated , that at least sixty squatting friends of his had expressed themselves as earnestly desiring this concession. All the arguments used on the occasion, how ever, were intended rather to defeat the bill than to alter the clause. It now remains to be seen what the so-called obstructive branch of the Legislature will do with the hill. Seeing how the Upper House is now constituted, it is pretty sure to go through without great multi lation. The real straggle, however, will be, not over tbe Railway Beserves Bill; but, over the Railway Bill itself. There were some very undignified passages of arms during* the con sideration of the new clause. Occasion was of coarse taken for. the Opposition to express their undying hatred of the renegade member for Bine kail. Mr. "Walsh described the squatters under the present regime as "an abject and unfortunate tenantry." Another member likening thorn to, but worse than " tenants at will" in the old country. The National Society's Intercolonial Exhi bition promises to be again successful, bat the Society should not be carried away by their feelings. There may be too much of a good thing. Is is doubtful whether an annual Intercolonial Exhibition can be maintained in Brisbane for some time to come at least. With such a well-organised association as the National now is there wuold be no difficulty in holding a successful local show that is, one for Queensland; hat an annual exhibition such as that approaching, would prove too great a strain; • An Intercolonial show once in every three years, or in every two years at the most, would suffice. The Minister for Works, in his desire to ^ve the few what ho miscalls fast trains, is de priving a large number of people of railway accommodation to which thay 'have an un doubted right. The new * tunc*tablo ban apparently been arrahgcd.with a view to ruin the .Bubjor^iah tn^Bci ;fHri Thorn evidently aoep.nQt believe in this etil^tirbati traffic ; bift dotild find good Watfnnty lot ita nittlntentince in the-railway;system, in Victoria. . In that colony the long traffic h«9 fcyen vuirjeddn at alow for the last five yoara of something like a million sterling, while tho llobaoa'w Bay railway, which may ho called u purely suburban ono| is paying ten per cent, dividends. • 76 is bard upon thoso. who have set up their dwelling^ between this and Oxl«;y.ou the fair assumption that they -wOiild .Iiitrh iea^onitbio ' railway dccommduaUoh. libSpilalily Ih the Suburbs will be sorely discouraged by.tho new. time table, as will be understood when it is .stated that—whereas, up to tho present tirao trains have loft, say Topwong, that rapidly-increasing place, at 9.55 p.m. and:12.22 midnight ;'now tho last train leaves at 7.22 p.m., which would reduce the social, evening- to an absurd: mini mum, except in the case of invcterato walkers, Seriously, the now arrangement iB inverting the principle of tho greatest good for the greatest number. : ;;;j , It is gratifying - to find: that, blir only bank, tho Natioftdj holds its bwrij iibtwitlU stindiiift the duutimtS and much competition. At tho half-yearly meeting held on Thursday, the report wiowed that the profits for the Bix months had been rather better than in .the,pre vious half-year. , Tho same dividend as before*, 8 per cent., was declared. The batik, has fimb accumulated a reSUrVo'fuiid of £28,0b0, and is • altogether in n sound condition. Fivo heV branches or agencies have been established, and the increase in. the business of the bank is regarded by tho directors as of a very pro mising character. The expenses^ at the.hefA office and twenty-onei branches was £ld,6£7, which cannot ho considered excessive; under ail the circumstances though it looks rather• a large item at first sight. The peal of bells re-union, better known as the Calico Ball, .which: comes off in August, is already assuming, important proportions, and tho number likely, to attend will far. surpass the first estimate. - The affair has the advantage ■ of a .very compact-but active little working committee, and in these cases it is well known that in tho'multitude of councillors' there is not wisdom. All sorts of people have promised all. aorta of things. for.- the • ball, free .of cost, so . that the expenses. /will be: re duced to a comparatively:, nominal, amount, and the bells' fund is likely to reap a substantial benefit. If there has not as yet been fonnd much difficulty in getting up: the ball, there has been a great deal in getting up . the supports for the belis. The .engiiieeting which was employed to raise, or father, not to . raise, the first frame did not favourably impress non-professionals. A different system,; and one which appears likely.to be sUccessful^h^ now beien adopted: ..,'t '. The annual general meeting of the Bast More ton Agricultural and Horticultural Asso ciation is to be held this afternoon. The work -that is, useful by ^ society is quite, out or proportion .to the length of its title. It has promised .much but per formed little; and has earned the reputation of being nothingznore than a mutual testimonial association. The advertisement calling the general meeting informs. the publlo that it is for the purpose of a presenting the report and balance sheet, electing officers, Jtc, Ac," Ifctfonld be e$uAU£ advai^tageolifl ttf tHe pUb'iic and the Assdciaticti, should it.. proVe .that ohe of these etceteras embraces the consideration of - the winding up of the. society; It has been for some time moribund and ready to give up the' ghost, and its decease will not be mourned over. The chief function of this society has been assumed by the National Association, and I it consequently appears to be no longer n'eccs | •• '' I An annual interesting mid nervous'"tiihe,h|fl I again arrived f^r Clvdi ^servants;; ,dn "Wbdne^ | day a " bdmmitteb of the whole"; resumed Supply. This is the time taken by Ministers to bring forward their pets and protegfc, and addditional fifties and hundreds are scattered about the various departments on the Esti* mates. Not that these increases; are always. expected to he 4 granted at the first, asking. Applications are modo somewhat on the same principle, if the comparison bo not too profane, as those of expectant publicans, who are not deterred by the first rebuff, but livo expectant. And the. applicants for increase, in soma sense, deserve their reward; for it is a sore trial for their nervos either to hear or head of the not always complimentary: remarks passed upon them with that charming : frankness always observable in members of Parliament and other irrresponsiblo pei&ons.; This, as regards some of the small men of the do partmenta, often resembles the operation poetically known as breaking a butterfly on the wheel. Some of the higher Bort, however, received this kind of treatment on Thursday, though one or two, if they did not get; pudding, got praise. An increase, amongst others, of £500, was refused to the Agent-General in London,. but it, is probable that the objection .was rather to the individual than to tho office he fills, as £1,000 a year cannot be said to'be overpay for a man occupying anything like an important position in London in the present day. The Clerk of the Council was honoured with a good deal of attention .when tho item of £100 increaso to his salary was considered. His crime had been tho serving of two masters. As is often the case, too much was attempted to be shown. Mr. Drury's friends said the addition was but fair in the face of the greatly increased duties .of the office, while they also Bhowed that ho had, not long ago, • occn- . pied the position^of Private Secretary to the Governor quite efficiently, while at the same time carrying on his regular duties. Avuncular interest was insufficient to 6often members in favour of tho Clerk Assistant in . the Legislative Council, who sought a small increase. • He was considered too new. He need not despair ft getting tho increaso yet, while tho Supple mentary Estimates yet remain to ho considered... Members took oaro of themselves, and prac tically voted an increase of £400 f°J hooks.. An extra £50 to tho Parliamentary Librarian was forgotten to bo placed on the Estimate* and that officer;will.havo to remain .contented vritti his £400/unless he: finds his way into the Supplementary, Estimates.'- ;Tho Assembly has/ so fflJ, adopted what appenra .to betho fair' principle of: not giving increases to men. . new toi their .offico, and members are in a com-.1 mondably 6conomi(^'mddd.' 