THE FINANCIAL CONDITION OF THE SYDNEY MUNICIPALITY. A MEETING was held nt tho Town Hall, this morning Xor tho purpose of taking into consideration.tho prcsont fiúnn cinl nondititiou and tho fntura requirements ot-tho city corporation, His worship tho Mayor occupied tho chair, mid there wore present Sir John Robertson, Messrs. G. R. Dibbs, J. Davies, ,T. Macintosh, A.'Cameron,' A. Stuart, H. C. Dangar, M.L.A.'s, Aldcrmtm'-Palmor, Mooro. Young, Kippax, Maze, O'Connor, Harri*, Field, Croon, and Chapman, and the City Treasurer Tho MAYOR said tho Council had taken tho liberty of in- viting those prcsont to a mooting in order to lay before thom a statement showing tim prcsont financial position of tho Corporation. Tho matter had benn before tho Government and Parliament for thc last seventeen years, and during that time no bill lo assist thoCorporationwiis introduced or passed into law. In 1800 tho aldermen of tho day saw tho misor ablo condition of tho municipality for want of funds to cany out tho improvomonts in the èitv, and nt that timo tho mayor mid aldermen saw that their Ijahilitios must bo In- creased to an onormous extent. Under these circumstances they drew up a report nnd financial statement, which wero laid -before tho Government of Sir Charles Cowper. _ That Government was favourably inclined to tho Corporalion, for they invited thc city members to a meeting; ?thoy all attended ir:, and sonic little good resulted, for tho eily members brought inllucnco to bear on tho Government, and Sir Charles Cowper introdurod a bill favourable to tho Corporation, that passed Ks second reading, but wont no .farther, as tho Cowper Ministry wore ousted from ollloo. From that timo to tho present" tho Corporation lind been kopt in a most degraded position, and at last had bucouio Corporation beggars. It was well known that although £10,000 was voted annually it was not voceived during tho last three years ; and in "1871 tho Corporation were so straitened in circumstances that they were compelled to wait nunn tho Government of Sir Horny Parkes on tho subject. Sir Horny saw tho difficulty of tho position, and at once ordered tho £10.000 to bc handed over to tho Corporation ; in 1S7Ç they received another £10,000 and he thought that during tint year -they. went, caji in hand for £40,000 ; in 187G ?£10,000 was vo'tol, but not applied for in tho usual manner ; but ho was proud to see, bv tho itcrnld that, morning, that tho money had been . voled in Parliament on (lin previous night. In 1877, ho rather reluctantly took oflico; ho Raid reluctantly, beenuso ho sa'w the position tho Council was in, and that unless some steps wore taken tho bank would come down upon it. He had to dismiss over a hundred.men, with twenty-five carters with their carts and horses, and to reduce thc weekly expendi- ture by £2C0. It was a moral impossibility for tho Cor- poration to carry on tho increasing works for this groat and growing city uuless something were donn. Their income for tho present year was £57.000, and the yearly expenditure for lighting, interest, olltcc, and working oxponses will bo probably about £2.1,100, leaving a balança of £¡13,900, of which about £12,500 will ba required for cleansing the thoroughfares and tho removal of house refuse, so that tho amount for forming and repairing tho streets and genoral improvements would bo reduced to about £21,000, They wero thus unable to mt-ot tho necessary expenditure, and could not help golfing into debt, and they had had continually to go begging lo tho manarrer of tho Union Bank to lot. them have an overdraft. They hail found that bauk a very good friend, for thoy had let them havo nn overdraft of £70.000 without any security. [Sir JOHN ROHEIITKON : What intoroit "do you ?pw 'i] .They paid 8 por cont. Tboy had boen told'by tho lnto I'rcmier that a bill would bo introduced to rd'evo thom from nil their difficulties. Ho be'.inved tho bill had been prop-ired, but it had not baon introduced. It would bo acknowledged that it was time for something to bc done for thom, for thpv ba l boen kept in a very degrading position foryears. Th-y must demnnd from the Government that thoy intioduiw a bill to relievo thom from their fiiiaueial diiiiculties, and nineo them upon a sound basis. Nothing short of £100,000 per annum would enable them to carryon thc works of this city. Thoy wanted to bo dealt with in tho samo way as other cities in other colonies wore doalt with to liivo power to levy lighting rates, and the publicans' licenses, and rates from public buildings. They also asked for power to iniposo a wheol-tax, and for tho endowment of £10,000 per annum. Ho was aware that boggars could not bo choosers, and although they asked these things, they must loavo it entirely to the wisdom and tho liberality of Parliament. " ? ., MT. CAMERON asked whether any such suggestions had been ¡nado to the present Govenfmeiit. The MAYOR siiid theso suggestions had bocu modo to every Govommçnt for tho . last soventoou years. Tho total city liabilities were £179,730. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON: What interest do youpav upon that? . , Tho MAYOR said they paid 6 per cont, on thc debentures, and 8 per cent, on the overdraft. Tho whole of their borrowing powers hod boen exhausted. On-'the Sydney Common Fund they had a total debt of £31,000. Oh tile Prince Alfred Park thc debt was £17,830. Mr. H. C. DANGAR asked how it was that .in 1857 tho city rato was £42,000, whereas it was now only £44,000. Tho MAYOR said that at that timo tho, rents were tinco times os much as they aro now. Mri STUART said thora was a largo inoreaso in tho mileage of tho streets. Whore was tho rovenue from all this increased mileago of streets ? Mr. Dnins thought thora was something wrong in the mode of nsso'smnnt. He understood that the assessment was put up to tender, and.given to tho lowest tenderer. If so. tho man who did' it for tho least money would pro- bably do it tho worst. ' Tho MAYOR said they.did not always accept the lowest tender. Alderman'YOTING said tho rovenuo for 1877 from the city rato was £44,000, but that had been o variable quantity for tho last flfteon or sixteen years, arising pro- bably from tho mode of assessment. Ho admitted that it was doubtful whether tho assessment was quito sufficient: He wished to comparo the position of this oity with that of Melbourne. Ho suv.- that in 1875 the assessment at ls. in the £ in Melbourne amounted'to £41,000. That'showed that, tho city of Sydney, atthe saine rato of assessment, was a more valùablo. placq than Molbourno. Then Sydney was deficient in tho power of levying a lighting rate, although tho oxpohse of lighting tho city was £7500'a year. In Molbourno tho 'lighting rate amounts to £13,000, and tho Government pav- £509 for ; their lights, In Molbourno ihey got £16,8l8 per annum for licenses ; ia Sydnoy.wo havo nothing to set against that.' Tho markets in Molbourno bring in £19,000, while ours bring in only £8000. In Molbourne they have power to causo tho streets to bo flagged, and to impose a paving' into, whilo in Sydney they only had that power in regard to certain- streots. Again, the park lands of Melbourne bring in £1595; we havo nothing to sot against that. Tho public reserves in Melbourne aro kopt up at. tho expense of tho Government, and not nt tho expense of tho Corporation, as is tho case with respect to tho Svdnoy Common. . He saw that the annual revonuo of Molbourno was £111,242, whilo our revomio was only £57,000. He thought that showed there was something -wrong. It was impossiblo that a city like Sydney could be kept in proper ordor and sanitary condition without a proper revonuo. Tho Corporation hero had no powor in their Building Act to enforce tho erection of propQrly- constructed buildings. Thoy were all agreed that what was required was the pawer to do theso things that aró dono in Melbourne. Tho MAYOR said if they had pówer'to collect rates upon thor'housos rented by the Óovornmont, that would bring in £2500 a year. Mr, Dinna suggested that they might havo a short bill submitted with'some hops of it passing this year, just to cmablo them to cover their present difficulties ; to enable them to collect rates on Government, buildings ; to assess unoccupied lands in tho city; and to' cnablo them to collect a lighting rate. Alderman CHAPMAN said ho did not believe in piecemeal legislation such as Mr. Dibbs suggested. There was ono thing; that had been lost sight of., Tho Great Western Road, ho understood, commoncod at the obelisk. Tho Government kept in order all that portion of tho road out- side tho city boundaricn, and the portion within the city cost them £10,000 a year, and the Government contributed nothing towards that portion of the road. Alderman MACINTOSH said that the only bill to do them any good would bo one to givo thom endowment and power to levy a lighting rafe. . Alderman DAVIES did not think this matter would be met hy a short hill ; it should be dealt'with ns a whole.'' Ho found that there had bonn a sum of £417,430 raised for so wage and water purposes by, tho lato City Commission; there was £216,050 interest ; then thoro was a. loan of ¡£40,000, and interest'oh tho'same, £1580, making a total of £675,603. Aginst thisjtho Government ' had.'stopped endowments amounting to £138,162. If the Government had paid tho rates they ought to havo dono, that would amount to £160,000, leaving the Corporatiou'still "indobted over £300,000 to tho - Government . on this old1 account, which ought never to have boen taken over, Tho . matter ought to bo dealt with as a wholo. Ho believed the lato Govornmont had prepared à bill to relieve ,thè city, from this supposed liability, and he thought.it was only .fair to ask tho Government to place the city in a position in which it would be freo for'all' timo to come. "If this, were not dono, ho was willing to agreo to the proposal < of Mr. Dibbs to have a short enabling bill. . The Mint alone consumed nnnually water' valued by measurement at £800, for which the Council did not receive ono shillingi If thoy wore allowed to collect rates from the public buildings in Sydney, that would bring thom in.£10,000 per annum, and tho ratos from unoccupied land would give them £4000 or £500.0 moro. If tho Government treated tho. city ns tho country municipalities were'treated, thoy would', be able to meet all their liabilities', and have a large incönio besides. Mr. STUART said that he'quito, agreed with what .'Mr. Davies had said regarding looking tho entire question fuU'iritho face; for; supposing the Governmont to bri in ap- position to improve the municipal income,- tho Corporatiön would still bo in tho painful position of being smothered by the city dobt. Hó.maintained that tho Corporation had1 a great causo of justice en their sido, and would advise them, instead of going cap-in-hond to the Government-for, -in that position, they would not got justice-to set up their jusi .claims' .in Parliament on thé ground that other municipalities received as8istance',',which they did not., ,'J£ other municipalities had been rightly trcated'in tho nutter of endowment, "and received, in tho aggregate. £60,000 or £70,000 a year, thou, surely, the great city of-Sydnc.Vj with its 80.000 sr 90,000 peoplo, had ;as good a: right as: thoy to consideration in the samo direction. The right was identical in both cases, . and tho Sydney Corporation ought tohave roiterated thoir rights; and no't asked charity as a beggar. Whatever tho Parliament may determine as regarded! tho future,' tho municipality of Sydney had tho samo ground for standing on in regard to re- endowaient as other munici palitls» throughout tho country, und upon that' ground bnlv could theyclami consideration. Tho ' new Municipalities IJill rc-endowed tho varipus provincial municipalities [Mr. DANOAI: : It doon not include Svdncv]-nud if it included Sydney, thcro would ho an ond to all' lt« troubles. I If tho Sydney Corporation advocated their right to equal endowment with othor corporations, it ought at least to i show n disposition to help itsolf liv onforciug tin additional lighting rate, a paving nita; and so exhibit to Parliament, if itwuB procured to deal fairly by tho Corporation, that it did not wish to shirk its responsibility. Ho fancied it would bo found that tho city property was undertaxed as compared with that of Molb'ouroo or Adelaide, but as ro garded publicans' licenses, ho should bo sorry to BOO tho Corporation rcceivo tho fees for them-[Mr. DANGAR: Why not V]-becausohodid not. soo tho reason for their doing_ sp, and beoausa it would be an essentially wrong principle. Ho was quito awaro that corporations in Eng- land received tho prices of tho publicans* licenses, but it was only, in oases whero they maintained police. Tho mat ter, ho felt, was bettor in tho bauds of tho Legislature of tho country, and ho thought that handing over tho licensing foes to corporations was duly dealt with when tho questiou of endowment was undor consideration. Ho did not think thoy would bc wiso in following Mplbourno or Victoria in everything ; tho Now South "Wales Government ought to givo tho Corporation its just rights, and in tho endeavour to establish t lioso rights ou a proper basis ho would lend nil the assistance in his power. Sir 'JOHN ROUERTSON said that if tho Corporation wanted to avoid going to tho'Parliament, for Heaven's Sftko do not let it go with tho object of having its debt wiped out; if it did, perhaps it would bo asked to give up tho water voscrvo, which he thought worth tho whole of tho city debt. Ho was of opinion that tho Corporation ought to sot up a stifler back in the matter, and that it might fairly ask for a bill giving it an endowment similar to that accorded to othor municipalities : if it got that, it ought to bo contented. [Mr. DANOAU: Tho water reservo doe» not belong to thc Corporation.J Well, it had tho whole of the income, and for his part, it ho received thc rents of a pro- perty regularly, ho did not care much who held thc titlodecds. (Laughter.) Ho thought, with his friend, Mr. Stuart, that it would bo highly objectionable for tho Corporation to rcceivo tho fees for publicans' licenses, because their receiving them would . give rise to tho suspicion that moro licenses were granted than was necessary. Ho was sur- prised nt his friend Mr. Davies advocating such a course -[Mr. DAVIES: Oh, I did not!]-and held that tho num- ber of houses should be limited. (Hoar, hoar, and laughter.) Tho right way was to deal with the wholo question before tho meeting ; tho' caso of tho Corporation was so fair and easily to be dealt with that it might j be sottled in two or thvoo weeks- providing thoro was no obstruction. Tho determination of tho House in the matter I had been so unequivocally expressed that ho was suro it would quickly agree to a municipal bill dealing with it. . Mr. limns said they were compelled to consider the interests of tho v.hqlo colony ns woll as those of the Corpo- ration in tho present instance. He agreed with Sir John Robertson with regard to tho value of the water resorvo, hut believed that if tho fee-simple of it wero handed over to the Corporation, it would have un excellent security for borrowing money at four or flvo por cont. He believed in dealing with tho matter as a whole, but, knowing tho wonderful talking powurs of tho Legislature, there was, to his mind, not a ghost of a chance of getting n complicated bill paused during tho existence of tho present Parliament. Tho country members would discuss it very keenly, and take up a'long timo doing so, and ho would suggost'tliat a short bill should bo asked of tho Government to assess pro- perty occupied by the Government'; to deal more fully willi unassesscd property ; to enforce lighting and paving mles ; and other matters that would add about fifty per cent.'to tho civic revenue. Leaving out tho publicans' licenses altogether, ho thought ho saw tho way, by tho means ho had mentioned, for tho Corpora- tion . to rnisn tholr pressnt revenuo to £120,000 per annum. If, however, tho Council wnnted jusfico uono to tho ratepayers they must put their shoulders to the wheel, and if tho citizens wanted proper sewerage, good pavomonts, and roads, aud n magnificent town hall to meet in-as thoy ought to hayo-they must bo prepared to pay, by increased rates, their fair share of the cost of such adju- tages. He did not think the city at present overburdened with taxation, but believed that if there was improved ns sossment by sclentitic valuators, the.revenuo of tho city might fairly bo increased by £50,000. That would lido it over its present diflicnltics until a new municipal bill could bo passed by a now .Parliament. Ho would certainly give his assisfaneo to a temporary relief, bill, and. ta a bill pro- viding for the whole question when either was presented to Parliament. Mr. CAMERON" said that he did not believe- in patch- work legislation, but still ho held .the same opinion as the last speaker, that it would bc impossible to got, a largo municipal bill pnasod during tho pressnt session. It appoarod to him, howevor, that tho discussion. so far had boeu without any practical result upon which the city members wero to fake action to help tlio Corporation from their diftieultiei. Ho would like to sec aomo tangible proposition brought forward upon which they could act. Thero.could be no increased endowment.without a now bill, and ho hoped that would be provided for eventu- ally, and country members - deal with it on tho broad basis that it affected thc colony, generally, and undor tho belief tliat the Corporation had a perfect right to tho con- sideration of Parliament. ' '. ' Alderman MOORE said ho believed'that money could be raised for tho Corporation if it had the power to' deal with licenses in connection with the Transit Commissioners. Ho would make drapers, butchers, and other merchants ]>oy licenses in tho same manner a» hawfcors' and draymen : by doing so £10,000 . a year would be rniasd ;without any objections. \- Mr. DANOAU agreed that the meeting wonld be fruitless unless tomo proposition was brought forward to. relieve, the Counqil from its embarrassment. Ho .was sorry to nolico. a want of Unanimitv as to tho best way of procedure. He re- collected -when tho subject was brought before tho late Mayor that it was understood that tho panacea for all muni-. eipa'l ills was contained in a Municipal Bill-, and ho thought at tho present moment that legislation On tho. subject was more important than it- was-two yeari'.ago, when every Parliamentary candidate was iu favour ol' assisting thc "Corporation. It was believed that tho present Par- liament would deal with the subject, but if the Government did not do so, it did not seem os if any private member was going to move in .it. Ho believed that the _ Coi-porafion should bo relieved of its incubus' of debt j becausoit .was a fnrco to keep it up seeing that thoy could not pay the interest on it. As a matter of temporary relief it appeared to him a very simplo process to increase their reveuuo to the reqnirod amount, by- asking Parliament for' power to. impose lighting and. paving rates, and for a reaionabla endowment. Alderman DAVIES said ho hodasked'á question of the Government, and lind been informed that it., was hot their j intention to introduce a bill until the next session of Par I liament. Tho question now was whot,her, they should ask Sir John Robertson to go on with his bill this session, or wait until tho noxt ' session. Tho^ bill proposed by . Mr. Dibbs would bring them no; relief for twelve, months, because the'asscssment would havo to bo made. . Alderman YOUNO hoped it would not be made a party question, or they would nave no chance of getting it camed. If they could liot get it without forcing the Government, thoy had better leave it alone. Ho was afraid if they had a short bill it would lead to delay in regard to tho more com- prehensive measure. ' Sir Jons ROBERTSON thought it would bo exceedingly unwiso for him to take charge pf tho bill to deal with the Corporation affairs, as it might bo looked lipon as nn inten- tion to humble tho Government. If any othor citv member would do it, it would bo moro likely to go down. He did not see why it should not be dealt with this session. ' Alderman O'CONNOR strongly advocated the necessity.for a thorough and comprehensive measure. . ..- . Alderman MACINTOSH remarked that the indebtedness of the city , on water ond sowerage was incurred prior to the incorporation of the city,' Tho works at that timo wore handed over to tho Corporation'with certain responsibilities, and powers. Tho power to collect a sewerage rato hos been defective, and has been "almost inoperative for tho means of collecting a- rate, to pay interest nnd carry ont worksl Tho. full powers vested in " tho Council to lo vy à water rate had heedfully exercised since, their incorporation, and it had been found insufficient tb' db more than carry out necessary works. -The Conncil hold thatif they aro to bb held now to liquidate their responsibilities they ought to have been armecl with powers to have enabled them to have collected a fund sufficient for tho purposo ; and it could hardly now be just to bo retrospectivo. in increasing tho rates f'qr tho futuro, to carry out new works, pay for management, and. repay the old debt which a former generation- had had tho benefit of. . . L Alderman YOUNO moved,-" .That . the city members should urge .lipon the Government the necessity for intro- ducing a measure to enforce a lighting rate to tho extent of £12,000-; rato* on public buildings equal tb £3500; a tax on wheels and public, vehicles, amounting to £7000 ; and to request that £20,000 be placed on tho Additional Estimates to relieve, the necessities of tho Corporation until better or1 full provision is mado on its behalf." Alderman. MOORE seconded, the resolution, which was agreed' tb: -, The: MAYOR then thanked the' city members for thoir attendance, and the1 meeting terminated. , . EMIGRATION most IHELAND IN 187C-The emigra- tion statistics for Ireland for the year 1876 show that the total number of emigrants .Who.left Irish ports during the year was 38,315,, a decrease of 14,082 tis compared with 1875. The number of emi- grants who were natives of Ireland was 37,587. The total number of emigrants-natives of Ireland-who left the Irish ports from thc 1st of May,. 1851. (the date at wliich . the collection of the returns commenced), to the 31st December, ' 18713, is 2,414,978-1,288,969 males and' 1;126,009 females. The number for each vea r is given in a table, from, which it appears that emigrants from Ireland < were much fewer in number in 1870 than in any of tko' other years under review. In 1876,' as'bèfpre statedi-they numbered 37,587, or 6."9:per 1000 pf the population in 1871,-while in the preceding 24 years they amounted to an- annual'average pf. 92,722 peri sons, or 16'per, 1000 of.the population, fluctuating froml90,'322 in 1852 tc- '51,462 in 1875. The destina-' tiona of the 37;687-emigrants- natives of Ireland who left the country in 1876 .were as. folioWs : United -, States, 14,887 -t Scotland, 8807.; : England and Wales, 7980 ; "Australia, 3635; New Zealand. 1558 ; Canada. 067 ; other countries, 45. 