THE SITE OF THE NEW PARLIA fMENT HOUSES. TO TH5 EDITOR. Sir — In his letter to-day my friend Mr. Tom kinson states that my assumption that we wj.nt new Houses of Parliament is noS shared by tbe community at large. Last October, owing to the vitiated state o? the atmosphere of the Assembly Chambsr, the members, actuated by a desire to prolo-a^ their lives, decided on building the Houses of Parlia ment, for which designs had been called, aid a site selected two years previous. They were clearly justified in tliiscourcs, if your leader af ew days since is to be believed, that after a long sitoing the air becomes so foul that it 13 impos sible for members to perform their duty ; whilst th unfortunate reporters, who cannoi reiire to the slir.des of blisf, are even still worse off. Mr. Too?Tiinson did not object to the designs or site all this time, and it is to be presumed he by his silence assented. But why does he, who ljjhily advocates care in expenditure, observe sifence until the 'Coglin garden' is 'ruth- lessly demolished,' and the '* fountain,' whose flashing waters no one ever saw, is levelled? Why does he wait until the contracts are let, the excavations halt done, his pretty garden is a thing of the past, and at least £1,000 liability is incurred before he raises his voice ? If he intended to protest against the site he should have done it long since, before the garden — which will take years to reproduce — had been destroyed and money was spent which he would now waste. I would ask, Does Mr. Tomkinson shsre the opinion of some of the other members of the deputation in wishing to use the site for a rail way station? The present one is not enough stuck down in a hole, and this would be ten times worse — 30 or 40 feet below the surface. How, too, about the trees and fountain then ? The latter p-rrt of Mr. Tomkinson's letter, like the postscript to a lady's, contains the pith of the matter — that in asking for an alteration of the site he wants to stop the building. I ?would ask is he of the same opinion now that he has read your leader — ' that we don't want rew Parliament Houses?' Is he prepared to meet the ghosts of a few suffocated M.P.'s every ri-jht knocking at his bedroom- door, and giving him their blessing? I'd like to be behind the scenes and see the effeet. SDMTJND W- WRIGHT, Parliamentary Architect. : '? Adelaide, May 25, 1877. .? Sir — The reason why no action was taken by the Hon. W. Everard, myself, and others before is that we never dreamad-any action would be taken by the Government, ipvolving an expen diture of perhaps £30,030, without having full Parliamentary authority. It has pursued a most unusual course in commencing such an outlay without a concurring vote of the Legis lative Council, for which the plea of tbe Hon. the Chief Secretary to the deputation, viz., ' of all measures which might be submitted to the Legislative Council he thought tliat one affect ing the accommodation of the House of As sembly would be a matter upon which the Council would be especially delicate in express ing an ©pinion/' was more ingenious than- con- stitutional. My Mend Mr. E. W. Wright affects great interest in the health of members of Par liament; indeed it- would appear- to be his principal motive for so quickly beginning his horrid work of destruction; but is it true that hon. members ar«j suffocated, or otherwise came to an untimely end, through breathing the vitiated air of the House. Is it worse than our Thaabre, Iiaw Courts, crowded churches, and ballrooms ? Did it prove fatal to the late Sir James Hurtle Fisher, who so long filled the Speaker's and President's chairs ? Have we not amongst us in vigorous health Sir John Morphett, Sir Geo. 'Kingston. Sir William Milne, Mr. Singleton, and Mr. Beresford, all veterans of Parliamen tary atmosphere ? No, Sir, there is no danger to the health of members. None of them will die except from other cauees, whilst a little more consideration is given to the selection of a better site and urgent necessity for a new Par liament House. I fear that I shall have to wait a long time before a political ghost knesks at my door. I should ask him why he did not move the ad journment of the House the moment he felt the air bad instead of rushing to the refreshment room? . ? ?' i Mr. Wright's letter is all lady's postscript. -, He is eager to adorn the city with another, ?building ..worthy of it. He sincerely believes that the public are equally eager to feast , their eyes upon his beautiful -designs. Well, perhaps he is right, but as it is stated that a , majority of membeia are opposed^to the site '', selected, and the taxpayers know nothing of the probable cost, it is surely not unreasonable to wish that the subject should be further dis cussed by hon. members, who on facing each other may after all not find .any traces of vitiated air ia countenance or voice. 