Home M\i h%dgio ENGLAND. CABDINAL MANNING Otf IP.ELANDS STEADFAST FAITH. The Golden Jubilee of Sfc. Patrick's Church, Liverpool, was celebrated with great enthusiasm by the Catholics of that city last month. Cardinal Manning preached a beautiful sermon on the occasion, in the course of which ho paid the following deserved tribute to Ireland's fidelity to the Faith :— ' Ireland never lost her iaith. biie has never wavered or faltered through all manner of persecutions. With the Divine assistance, coming from the Holy Ghost, the people of Ireland have iremained faithful to Jesus, their Lord, and to Hia Vicar on earth in His world-wide Church. St. Patrick's is an inheritance which has nover been cut off, and though he wao no prophet, ho made bold to Day nevor will bs. For hia inheritance is not seen in Ireland alouo, but through the world wide Church of God. In the great new world of Australia, on the continent of America, and scattered through the East, tha sons of St. Patrick, pastors and prieols, springing from Mo ordination, spread the Church, of God, and gothor souls into salva tion. There is no family or progeny in all the Church of God ao great as that which sprang from St. Patrick. That one cole Apostle of tho nation has at this day an inheritance in tho Catholic Church which is not exceeded, nay, he would nay equalled, by ony other apostle of the nations. St. Augustine was indeed the Apostle of Eng land, but where is the ? inheritance of the first Archbiohop of Canterbury ? Patrick, the first archbishop and primate of Ireland, has hia inheritance full and undirainished, multiplied and expanded throughout the world at this hour. In the great Council of the Vatican, when the Catholic Church met together by representatives, there was no one saint or apoatle, save only those saints or apostleo who had laid tho Church in the beginning, who had iu that august council, that synod of the intellect of the Church, so many mitred sons as the Apostle of Ireland. This io the reward which God, in his genero sity, gave to them who served Him in the law of liberty The names inscribed on the ^alls of the church showed that the children of St. Patrick would never forget, living or dying, tho priesthood. Here, around him ha could see the names of those who laid down their lives by the fever-stricken bed, and went like soldiers of Jesus Christ to fill up the vacant gap. There is no people throughout the world so united to their pastors, ao ready to be the helper, the friend, the brother, even the defender of the priest, E3 is tho Irishman. He would say to them, Pray God to mate them understand the law of liberty. He would not say be faithful to the creed which St. Patrick gave, for where is the Irishman who is unfaithful p Even while he is acting contrary to the law of God, and giving scandal to himself and neighbour, he holds his faith as the most precious of all inheritances. There was no apoatle of the nations whoso life waa more markod by constant penitential exercises than StP Patrick. He denied himself and morti fied himself in order that ho might be a true servant of Jesus Christ. Therefore, for the glory and oaUe of God and His blessed mother, and for the honour and the glory oi St. Patrick, practise your religion, and lei the world aee by the light of your lives that you are a true descendant of the great apootle. For by our hearto we shall be judged by our divino Master when r/e stand 0ATHOLI0ITY IN SCOTLAND — A RETEOSPECT. In our previous article we gave an epitome of the state of things Catholic in the Western and Eastern Districts in 1831. Wo will now turn for a moment to the Northern District, over which tho Eight Rev. Jamas Jlyle, D.D., Bishop of Qermanicia, so long pre* aided ao vicar-apostolic. It is in this district of Scotland that wo find the remains of that once-flourishing Church of the High lands, which, for so long after the faith had almost entirely abandoned the Lowlands, maintained itself along with a kindred loyalty to king and country, in the hearts of large numbers of the people. At the date, however, with which we are just now deal ing, the vicariate counted only nineteen re gular mission stations, and including the venerable bishop, twenty priests, one of whom was already counted in the stafi of the College of Blairs (Eastern District). Preshome was the seat of the vicarapo stolic, who had one assistant clergyman. Thin misoion, which is situated in the Enzie, five miles east of Fochabers, possessed a chapel capable of containing 800 persons which, was erected, about 1788, by the Rev. John Reid, and a congregation of about 1400 souls. The two stations of Auch- hinnlring and Fochabers, which are also in the Enzie district, and which were about three miles apart, were served by a single priest, and each possessed a chapel. The chapel of Auchinarling had been built; by Biohop Geddo3, and that of Fochabers by the Eev. George Matthison and Bishop Jfateraon, in 1826, and was a till largely burdened with debt in 1831. The district of Enzie in which, then, three chapels were situated, and which forms that that part of the Banff'shiro coast extending from the River Spey to the town of Cullen' is of particular interest, from the circum stance that a considerable number of Catho lics had remained in it from the time of the Information, and the exercise of the Catho lic religion was never interruoted even in the darkest times of persecution. In 1 his year (1831) the district contained about 2400 Catholics. The chapel at Preshome, too, was remarkable for being the first Catholic place of worship in Scotland since the Eeformation, in the erection of which it was ventured to make any attempt at elegance or ornament. It furnished, too, ao small proof of the liberality of feeling which then prevailed in that part of Scotland, For, though it was built when the penal code was in full vigour, though it stood in a very conspicuous situation, and though it at that time far surpassed in size and appearance all the neighbouring parochial churches of the Establishment, yet not only no hindrance or molestation wag giveu to the clergyman who undertook its erection, nor any of feelings jealousy exhibited, but Protest tants is of overy ranks in the vicinity protect ed, countenanced, and encouraged him in the undertaking. The Earl of Finlater presented an altar-peice after Annibal Carrachi, and two very hand some holy water- fonts made of Portsoy marble. The church possessed beoidoG a organ and circulating libary. In the course of 1832 or 1833 the 4000 Catholics who resided in the fishing village of Buckie added to tho stations in the districts by fitting up aa a chapel a hall which had been leased for they purpose, they being too poor to' do more. Besides serving the principal station of Portsoy, its prietss, in 1831, went every alternative Sunday to Banff and Foggyloan, and in all three places was a chapel. That of Portsoy was erected in 1829, and at that time a Sunday school was being set on foot there. Those congregations together numbered from 500 to 600 souls; and in consequence of the great deficiency of priests in the district, the clergyman at Portsoy was obliged to attend ocasionally at Strichen, Blyth, and Turraff which stations previously formed a seprste charge. Aquhorties, by Keith Hall, was in reality an appanage of the College of Blairs, and its chapel and farm served by the procurator of fehe college. AtTomintoul, by Ballindallocha chapel had been built in 1789, and, in 1820, the increase of the congregation to about 600 souls brought the addition of a gallery. The increasing vitality of the Scottish mission is further shown by the fact that the Directory of 1832, contains besides the additional stations already given, the name of that of Dufftowu. Ifc was not a new mission, but the church and otafcion, as well as the village in which both were placed, were new. The mission, though in 1832 it was near by circumscribed within the limits of the parish of Mortlach, had recently formed a very extensive charge, being ticarcely bounded by the banfeo of tike Spey and Don, and comphroherding parts of seven or eight parishes, in 1794, a chapel and house had been ejected at Keitliock? in the central parish of Mortlaeh but the situation wa3 inconvenient to pastor and people. At Tombac, in the same neighbourhood there had lonfj existed and old and crmablms; chapel for the service of the Catholics of Glenlivct, which, in 1829, Rave place to a new and needed building, for tho erection of which its incumbent had to appeal to the Catholics %.of the Three Kingdoms. Tlaia mission was, and is yet, specially interesting from tho circumstance that in troubloaome times, and fo?.' more than $ ceatury, the Catholic clergy found an asylum in that ] remote and sequestered vale ; that there, in - the seminary of Sealan, candidates were I j educated for the priesthood, and thence sent ! to preach the Gospel through the Lowlands s and Highlands of Scotland. Its chapel, too, wasjjone of the first to which a Catholic burial- ' ground was attached. Gflenlivat is of consider- ; 3,ble°extent, being about fourteen miles long. ! and the Rev. Paul MacPherson, a native of : tho glen, who had been for many years agent ? of the mission and superior of the Scotch : College at Eome, on his return thence in : 1827, built at Chapeltown, on ground granted by the Duke of Gordon, a neat chapel and chapelhcuse, for the benefit of the population of tho higher and more re : mote part of the glen, which was almosj exclusively Catholic. To the chapel, he at 'cached a small burial-ground and in addition to his other services, he supj.l'ed funds for the building of a school in the gl-n. At Elgin there existed a very small v.ui\ incommodious chapel. In Inverness and its environs there was a considerable number of Catholics, and for chapel they had then, owing to their poverty, to be contented with a ruinous house. To the we3twardijof Inver ness is Strathglaso, almost wholly peopled with Catholics, and, from its history, specially interesting to the student of Catholic story. It had, in 1831, a congregation of over 800 souls, and a chapel, which was built by Bi3hop iSneas Cbisholm. The Aird, and the[eastorn part of Strathglass, formed but one mission — that of Eskadale, which was founded about 1791 by Bishop John Cbis holm. There was a chapel at Aiges, which was abandoned in 1827 for tho new and beautiful Saxon structure at Eskadale, erected afc fcbo charge oi T. A. Fraser, E?q. of Lovaf, and containing comfortably, and without thejaid of galleries, about 800 people In she western extremity of the Northern District, near the Isle of Skye, lies Kintail which was in 1831 undoubtedly the poorest mission in?the North. It did not possess a chapel, and divine service was celebrated in an old thatched house at Dornie. Two priests attended to the religious needs of the Catholics of Aberdeen, where, besides a chapel, was a school, which having been found inadequate for the instruction of the children and the congregation, gave place in 1832 to a newDand more commodious build ing. Ballogie, by Kincardine of Riel ; Huntly, Ardoch, Girnside, by Tullich ; and Castletown of Braemar, were served at separate missions, Ballogie by two priests, and the other three places by one priest each. A chapel and congregation at Cogarff were attended irom Ardoch, and Sir Charles Forbes, of New and Edinglassie, had erected a house for the priest. In Keith, a handsornejlchapel was built in 1830, and was supposed to be the only specimen of the Eoman Doric architecture in Scotland. His Majesty Charles X., in 1829, presented to the chapelan altar- piece representing the incredu lity of St. Thomas, and the aite of the chapel, waD granted by the Hon. Colonel Grant, of Grant. ANOTHE FENIAN ' SCAEE.' There is a rumour that the military authori ties at Aldershot have got a clue to a Fenian conspiracy in which several Irish soldiers are involved. It is further stated that the ' conspiracy '' is in some way or another connected with the recent arms ease in Cork. : Whether those statements have any founda tion in fact looks rather problematical. We find it suggested in one quarter that some of the miltary authorities would not be very much grieved to hit just now upon an Irish seditious movement in the army, as it would give them an excuse for insisting on the continued detention of the Irish political prisoners. There may be some truth in that view of the case. — Nation. Europe were to be found brave Irish Generals, dexterous Irish diplomatists, Irish Counts, Irish. Barons, Irish Knights of St Denis and St Leopold, and of the White Eagle and the Golden Fleece, who, if they had remained in the house of bondage, could not have been ensigns of marching regiments, or freemen of petty corporations. . . . We have never known and can but faintly conceive tho feelings of a nation doomed to see constantly in all its public places the monuments of its subjugation. Such monuments everywhere meet the eye of the Irish Roman Catholics.' One more extract from Macaulay's Essays which is paticularly instructive. It has reference to Cromwell's conquest of Ire land : — ' The rebellion of the aboriginal race had excited in England a strong religious and national aversion to them; nor is there any reiuon to believe that the Protector was so far biiyund his age as to be free from the prevailing sentiment. He had vanquished i '.Lena; he knew that they were in his power, a; id he regarded them as a band of malefactors and idolators who were mercifully treated if they were not smitten with the edge of the sword. On those who had resisted he had made war as the Hebrews had made war on the Canaanites. Drogheda waa a3 Jericho, and Wexford as Ai. To the remains of the old population the conqueror granted a peace such as that which Israel granted to the r* ? _n ? * j ? T'ir_ ? .1 _ xi ? i ? _ p ? i jrJ.ueomLUH. jdl b iiiciut; tnem uewers oi svoou md drawers of water. But good or bad, he :ould not be otherwise than great. Under favourable circumstances Ireland would have :ound him a most just and beneficial ruler. She found in him a tyrant; not a small, teasing iyrant, such as those which have been so :ong her curse and her shame, but one of ihose awful tyrants who at long intervals seem io be sent on earth like avenging angels with some high commission of destruction and renovation. He was no man of half measures, }f mean affronts and ungracious concessions. His Protestant ascendancy was not an iscendancy of ribbons and fiddles and statues and processions.' FEAKCISCAN CHUBCH, ENNIS. The people of thia town have witnessed an imposing and interesting ceremony — the in auguration of the new Franciscan novitiate. The historic associations of Ennis with the Franciscans endear them to our people. Centuries ago Clare and Quin Abbeys were famous for learning and piety. To these holy cloisters youths came from every part of thia island to renounce the wealth and pleasures of this world for the poverty and mortifica tion of St. Francis. In those sacred solitudes the young novices acquired and became im prpgnated with the Gospel counsels and spiritual science which eminently qualified them for missionary life and direction of souiu. i. Lieut) uuiy men aueu u uiigm. iiujuu over Ennis, and made a religious impression on this truly Catholic country which remains even to this day. In the tryiag yeara of per* secution they continued with unfailing fide* lity to discharge the duties of their sacred ministry. Expelled from their monasteries they still devoted themselves to the spiritual wants of the faithful, celebrating for them the divine mysteries, and administering to them consolation in their dire distress. It is, indeed, cheering to the people of this town to behold a Franciscan novitiate opened amongst them. Happy and holy results are expected from this recent institution. The new building destined for the purpose enjoys a most eligible position. It is quite in keeping with the fine group of buildings possessed by the contiguous religious estab lishment. It is provided with grounds nicely planted aud every way suitable icr a reli gious community, The adjoining church is well kept—neat and devotional. The cere monies there performed made a deep im pression on the good people of ihis town. Solemn High Mass was celebrated at twelve o'clock by the Very Eev. Dr. Egan, Presi dent of Killaloe College. Fathers Hore and White, O.S F., were deacon and subdeacon while the novices gracefully discharged the minor ceremonies. The church was at tended by a large and respectable congrega tion. After Mass the Very llev. Father Carberry, O.P., Provincial, preached an ap«» propriate and eloquent sermon. The sacred functions were concluded by a Beuediction of the Most Holy Sacrament. The fathers made a collection on the occasion to deal? off the debts incurred by the erection of the novitiate, which, v,e presume, was successful, and equal to the high esteem in which they are held by our charitable and generous fellow-townsmen. DEATE OF AN IEIDH NATIONALIST. With unfciened sorrow vro record the death of 3£r. iEneas O'Molley, so kng well and agreeably known in this his native county, and generally in commercial circles throughout the country. By his brother commercial travellers, no less than by the mercantile classes in town and country, tho deceased was regarded with feelings of warm friendship akin io affection. A more kind hearted man we rarely met ; he r»as charit? able to the poor, and to all others courteous ami amiable. He possessed the highest regard for hpnour and principle ; was an en? thusiastic lover of his country ; proud of the name he bore and the ancient race he belonged to. He died in Dublin, at the early ape of forty-six years, surrounded by his re latives, and fortified by the rites of the Holy Catholic Church, to which he was warmly and devotedly attached. His remains, fol lowed by a large funeral cortege, were in terred in Glasnevin, on Friday, Sept. 21. May he rest in pease.— Mayo Examiner. ABDUCTION OF AN IRISH MAGISTRATE'S ; DAUGHTER. Under a xvarrant granted in ibs London* ' derry County Court, Head 'constable Craw ford, of the Royal Irish Constabulary, has apprehended in Glasgow a young man named John Smyth, on a charge of abduct ing a young lady belonging to Ireland. The parents of the pair, resided beside each other in the county of Londonderry, the youth— for he is ncarcely twenty yearn of age —being the son of a very large farmer,. and the maiden, who had .just completed hex fifteenth year, the only offspring of a county magistrate. On the 28th of last month they both disappeared from their respective homeg, and on the following day they took steamer for Glasgow, where they arrived on the 30th ult. The flight of the pair was duly reported to the Irish authorities, and a warrant for the arrest of the young Lothario having been issued, the representatives of the force in this city were communicated with, the expectation evidently being that they would come to Glasgow. By some means the pair had been able to elude those n s-areh of them until this afternoon, when J (^ad-constable Crawford succeeded in trac ing them to a house in Dumbarton-road, v. here he put the warrant with which he was c'n missioned into force. Peculiarly enough V\o pair were married yesterday -by Sheriff \- l^es. in his chambers in the County Build ?? ings, and the intimation of the event appears n' this morning's paper thus :— ' 20*h ??September, at Sheriff's Chambers, Glasgow, I y the Sheriff of Lanarkshire, John Smyth t ?- Susan M. Courtenay, eldest daughter of A ^raea Courtenay,' Smyth will to night be t}S?en to Belfast by steamer and subsequently removed to Londonderry—Glasgow Evening Times. '?IlilSH ANTIQUITIES. ^THE RUINS OF MONASTEE ? . BOICQ. A correspondent writing to the Dundalk Democrat of Oct. 6th, says :— The pilgrimage to Manasterboice having fallen through— a matter which I deeply ??? regret — I resolved on last Sunday the day being unusually fine, to travel as a pilgrim to that city of the dead, where one of Ireland's greatest round towers and Ireland, s greatest ~f-~M.i~ r,i-r*-r.n /v»-ieiC- -lQnl- + O O+.1 TY1 ('HIV +.O f,ll fi Si.Vt V/tJiOlU OlUUC \\_/J-VJOO iLfUU^* uouuii*iw**j 'v ~-.~ — - . which was cherished in our island two thousand years ago and to the glory of the ancient faith professed for so many centuries by our Catholic forefathers. 1 need scarcely inform you what were my thought as I started on foot to explore one of the relics of the religious establishments planted through Ireland by the Cistersian monks, !ie sons of the great St. Bernard. Of course 1 thought of the past, and of the i-obbers who, for a thousand years— that is, from the first invasion of the Danes to the present day— came among us like wild beasts to destroy our lives, and carry away our property. Murderers and robbers they were ; but their greatest crime was their raising their impious hands irgainst our religious establishments, and barbarously reducing them to the condition n which we see them to-day. One of these establishments was Monasterboice, and what must it have been in its glorious prime, when it looks so grand in its ruins ] As I stepped upon the road which leads from Sarsfield's Cross to the Nursery, on the Bollon road, I got a full view of the sacred spot, and its appearance in the golden sun shine reminded me of a picture I had seen of the ruins of Palmyra. Its round tower shot aloft into the sky with a grandeur I cannot describe, and its lofty stone crosses stood erect, their summits pointing in the same direction. This, I thought, is glorious Ireland— Catholic Ireland— faithful to the Church, and though often struck down, still nnconquered. This relic of the past tells two stories : one, of the sanctity of our fathers in the past, and the other of the struggles they made to defend their altars against the assaults of pagans and heretics. 1 assure \ on when I saw the handsome manner in i.!i which the graveyard is kept, and the wall Mi at surrounds it, together with the footpath, fv» neat and clean, I felt grateful to the Guardians of the Drogheda Union for their ...Uention to it ; I felt pained that the pil grimage projected by the Rev. Father ?,'{?: illogly had not taken place, as thousands would have viewed with great interest the f.rtenes I witnessed, but which I have not the (..bility to portray. When I entered the r-raveyard I saw there were some persons ?V.ere before me, who went from place to -.Jftce, examining the grand old crosses, and usiine of the ancient tombstones. There are ihree crosses, one of them a massive _ Celtic i-.i'i«v,s, and the others tailor, but of a different ,? '?? tern. One of the latter had been broken : , o three parts, but last winter it was put i -ether again, and by means of iron clasps it seems as strong as ever. On two of these crosses are pictorial descriptions of the fall of our first parents, the death of Abel, the preparation for the sacrifice of Isaac, and other portions of the Old Testament narra tives, together with a representation of the crucifixion of our Lord, and portraits of the twelve Apostles, &c.; The round tower, which is more than one hundred feet nigh, has been slightly renovated, but the top is still broken, just as ifc was upwards of fifty years ago. Some now tombstones have been erected repenily^ one of which is afc the grave of some of the deceased children of Mr. Dennis M'Cullougb, S. V., Dundalk, and is very handsome one. Over the remains of the late Rev. Father Campbell, P. P., Terenure, is a beautiful cross, erected by_ the people of the parish, as a tribute to his piety and worth. Close to his grave is the oldest tombstone in the cemetery, which covers the tomb of one of the archbishops of Armagh, according to the statement of the guide, who hns the care of the graveyard. As to the ruins of the Monastery, but little are to bo seen, and they consist of some portions of what is described as the chapel. The dust of many high ecclesiastics lies in this place, and any one who visits it, and possesses the great gift of the Catnolic faith, must feel that he treads upon holy ground. Ifc was' with regret that I left so interes ting a place, so rich in treasures seldom to be found. But the sun was close to the horizon, and I had more than four miles to travel. With my mind deeply impressed by all I had seen, I turned my face homeward, and the memory of my visit to this grand old city of the dead shall never fade from my J mind. If there are sermons in .stones, what » must be in the objects to be seen at Monas- 1 terboice ? They preach to the living to hold | by the faith delivered to our fathers by St. | Patrick ; they remind us that Ireland will j never surrender that faith, and that our duty! is to die an martyrs sooner than become | traitors to the religion of our fathers, who | so bravely fought and nobly died in its de fence, and in defence of their native land. DEATH OF A. PROSELYTISER. A man more genearally known than be loved in Ireland has just died. The Rev. Dr. M'Carthy, notorious as the head of the Irish Church Missions, was found dead last Saturday morning in a train ab .Kingstown, though when, three minutes before, he got into ifc at Sandycove, he was apparently in perfect health. The work with which Dr. M'Carthy was connected must ever render his name odious to his fellow- countrymen. They regard the Irish Church Missions, and every one connected with their management, with deep-rooted and lasfcine hatred. Nor is this a matter of surprise. From the moment that sinister institution commenced its pro ceedings, about thirty years ago, in an obscure den in Bow-street, Dublin, up to the present time, ifc has been used as a snare to lure the faithful Irish people from their ancient faith. No artifice, however questionable, was too mean for that body, providing it held out the least hope of crowning its ungodly efforts with success. That portion of Ireland's story in which is narrated the terrible temptations that were presented to i;he people for the abandonment of their religion is at once the saddest and the most glorious. The heroism with which they clung to it in famine, in sickness, and in suffering, preferring to die for want of food on the roadside, and under no shelter but God's own sky, and the firm ness that could only bo purchased by abjur ing it, need not be repeated. When the Church Missions perceived that they could not wrest the people from their .qrand old faith they had recourse to falsehood. They manu factured ' conversions.' Since the formation of the institution it has received a quarter of a million of English money, and we dare say that by falsehood and imposture ifc will succeed in making simple folk believe it if. making wonderful progress with the benigh« ted Papists of Ireland. We are assured that Ireland is now prosperous; we know that she is in a much better condition than at the ilK omened period when the Irish Church Missions commenced their labours, Is it likely that I he people who then refused to change their religion to save themselves from starvation would do so now, when no such necessity exists ? At all events, Dr. M'Carth- 'a death has inflicted a severe blow on the society — a blow which may hasten its final collapse. FATHEE PEOT7T. A writer in the Cork Herald says :— C( Thr Rev. Andrew Proufc wa3 a real personage ; was P. P. of Watergrasshill, in the Diocese of Cork. I have heard my father tell verj amusing stories of his intercourse with him I have also heard the late Eev. Thomas Eng land, P. P., of Passage and Strnnbally (the biographer of the Rev. Arthur O'Leary, ant'' the brother of the erudite and eloquent Right Rev. John England, Bishop of Charle ston), tell incidents of his earliest clerical experiences (with which Father Proufc wat mixed up), in the parish next adjoining thai of Father Prout. When the Rev. Franci; Mahony adopted as a nom de plume tht designation of a character well known, ven quaint, and peculiar, inany of whose con» V temporaries were then living, it must have been with a terfect consciousnes that no one who had known Father Prout would seriously connect him with ' The Reliques.' 'Father Frank ' belonged to a family honored and beloved in Cork, for two generations at least, to my knowledge ; two of his brothers still live in high respect as men and as merchants, the eminent firm of Mahony Brothers, of Blarney. As to there being any relationship between the families of the real Fatbor Proufc and_ Father Frank Mahony, thero ia probably as little foundation for fho idea as there was for that of thero being any frith Dean Swift or Misn Heater Johnson. MISCELLANEOUS. From the annual report on Irish savings, compiled up to midsummer, 1877, \\-s learn that the_ deposits and cash balances in Irish joint*stock banks at midsummer this year was £32,746,000. During the last twelve years there has been an increase of just a million a year in these items. On the other hand, the amount of investments in Government and India stock on which divi dends are paid at the Bank of Ireland amounted to £32,613,000, or about four millions less than ifc way twelve years ago. Wo_ are glad to note that the savings bank statistics eshibit evidence of increased thrift among our people. ^ In 1866 there wao £1,511,000 deposited in Iriah trustee savings banks, and £221,000 in post-office savings banks. We are c;lnd to note that this year the itema stand £2,223,000 and £1,052,000. We regret, however, to observe that weighing 77_ againot 76 we find a falling off of £650,000 in the aggregate of savings of every kind. Dr. Hancock, the able statistician who compiled the report, points out that con current with this falling of is an increase of both indoor and outdoor relief. He thinks that both these facts are evidence that this year influential causes have been at work un favourably affecting the condition and pros perity of^ the country. He says that large changes in the movements of saved or in vested capital seldom occur unless causes are in operation seriously affecting tho prosperity of large classes of mankind. Professor Cleland, who held the Chair of Anatomy in the Queen's College, Galway, since the appointment of Professor Crolrer King to the Local Government Inspectorship has been elected to the Chair of Anatomy and Physiology of the University of Glasgow, aa successor of Dr. Allan Thompson, late president of tho British Association. —-Irish Times. A policemen (says (he Daily Express of 3rd October), acting as vailesman on the Great Southern and Western Railway, has, ifc is stated, been run over and killed near the Limerick jnnction by a mail train. Yesterday, between Knocklotig and Kilmallock, a aleeper placed across tho rails wa3 opportunely dis covered, and removed on the approach of the mail train. On Friday night, 2 1st September, the flour mills of Messrs Browne Brothers, Cork, were burnt to the ground. Tho fire, which broke out about oleven o'clock, threatened to des troy Ha-i'ley's coal store on the.ono aide, and the Glanmire Mills stores on the other, but fortunately this calamity did not occur. The flame at one time must Lave been fifty feet high at least, and the whole city was lighted up. On Wednesday week (says the Nation cf 4th October) Mr. T. O'Brien, solicitor, 9 Lower Dominick-sfcreet, Dublin, and Dr. Brennan of Louisburg, proceeded in a small pleasuro boat to an island in the bay for the purpose of shooting. On the return journey, the boat was capsized and both were precipi tated into the sea. Dr Brennan reached the shove in an exhausted condition and is recovering, but Mr. O'Brien was drowned. The deceased leaves a young widow to de ploro his loss. On 23rd October Ireland had contributed £10,000 to the Indian Famine Relief Fund. The Rev C F M'Carthy, D.D., Secretary of the Irish Church Mission Society, died suddenly on Saturday morning, 29th Septem ber in one of tho carriages of the Kingstown railway. We regret (oays tho JSTation) to hear of the death of the Rev. George Wheeler, D.D., Rector of Baliysax; and editor of the Irish Times. The vintners and grocers of Tipperary havo bound themselves by signature to a document which has been published in frhe papers, to refrain from opening theiv shops on Sundays and to refuse drink to any person who ohall appear to them to be in any way under tho influence of drink. Writing on the 17th October, the Dublin correspondent of the Tablet nays: — 'I had yesterday an opportunity of inspecting1 the life-size model, of the statue of Sir John Gray, about to be evented by public nubsovip. lion in our city. TLe likeness is nn admir» able one, and the nose of tho figure graceful and expressive. The statue, when finished, will be in white Sicilian marble, and is sure to look remarkably well. Mr. Thomas Farrell, MR. EL A., is tho sculptor, and has proved himself in the model equal to tho j brilliant reputation he has already acquit! hy his statues of the lafco Most Rev. Dr. \£urray, Archbishop of Dublin, of Captain ^Boyd in St. Patrick's Cathedral, of Smith O'Brien, &c;, &c;, The Episcopal Board of St. Patrick's College, Maynooth, have just appointed a Gorman priest to the chair of Sacred Music and Liturgy in the College. The chair under this name is a new one, and its occupant will reside in the collage. The Recorder of Cork died on Saturday, 13th October, at his residence, Queenstown. Mr. Forsaytho was one of the oldest members of the Irish Bar, having entered tho pro*. fesoion as far baGk as 1824. On Saturday, 13th October, a woinaa named O'Donoghtie, the wife of a carrier in Hillarney, was found in a dying state iu the room in which 3he and her husband resided, and in a few minutes after ohe expired. She vrns supposed to have been beaten by her husband, and tho latter was arrested on a charge of murder. At the Belfast police court, a number of farmers were summoned for Rolling adul terated buttermilk containing 2-1 per cent, of water. Fines of 40a and 'coats were iva posed. A frightful thunderstorm lately broke over Tralee. The electric fluid otruck a house and made^fearful havoc in nearly every room. In ono room ifc tore down a little altar, but left the crucifk and statues on it untouched ; in another ifc shattered a marble chimney-piece, ,iix! several panes of glass, but saddest of all, ifc struck with instant death a poor little child of oeven yeara old who was sitting with her widow mother and two younger sisters at the fire before going to bed. The poor little creature was fearfully scorched and disfigured. Several cattle were struck dead in tho neighbouring fields. Tho Duchess of St. Albans, who was spending the bathing season at Kilkee, narrowly escaped from drowning. The duchess leffc the strand to visit the caves in the neighbourhood, and the party had entered one of them, when a tidal wave swept in with great force over the canoo, and dashed ifc with great violence against the rocks. Tho boat man managed to extricate her grace and party from their perilous position, The duchess was very much frightened, but suffered no harm beyond a plentiful 'ducking ' in the water. Tho!' death T 'of the 'Very Rev. Canon McDonnell, parish priest of Listowal, is announced. lie was in the fifty-sixth year j of his ago, and had been appointed to the chai'go of that parish in the year 1856, on the death of his much-lamented predecessor, Father Mahoney. Mr. Patrick Ryan, a muoh-reapected citizen of Kilkenny, died recently at Kings town. Mr. Ryan, who bed retired from mercantile life for many years, had been one of tho most eminent and successful mer chants of the city of Kilkenny, and ho used his large fortune in acts of genuine, unosten tatious benovolence. The corporation of Drogheda have decided on placing illuminated dials on tho town clock, and they have given tho contract to Messrs. Albert, of Drogheda, watch and clock makers. When completed it will be a decided advantageous improvement. ITALY. The Into Cardinal Riario Sforzn was an exceedingly bravo and charitable man. When, in 18u4, tho cholera was killing thousands in Naplen, and those who were well were flying from the city, ho was one of the few who remained and confronted tho peril. Every day ho went about the squalid Neapolitan purlieuo. distributing fresh linen, medicines and dietetic comforts amongst the wretched patients, and administering with his own hands tne sacraments when hope of earthly salvation there waa none. When hi*3 money was exhausted, he sold his jewellery, and then his plato, till that resource also failed him, and ho applied, in his extremity, to a millionaire of his own flock. To hia request for a loan, ha received a flat refusal. So he smiled with a certain bland bitterness, and said, ' Well, I shall borrow from a Jew.'' He went to Rothschild, bufc the Baron had left Naples. The agent, however, dis patched a courier to his superior's villeo giatura, and back came an authorization to let the Cardinal have as much as he liked, ' without any conditions as to re emburse ment.'' PAPAL ELECTIONS. The scene of all recent conclaves has been the Pauline Chapel, in the palace of the Quirinal ; and if the walls of that chapel could tell talen, we should hear many racy anecdotes of Italian wifc nnd Italian craft. A Bull of Gregory X. regulates tho ceremonial even to its minutest detail, and that Bull prescribes that the cardinals, entering the oonclavo with single attendant, shall bo kept in close confinement till they have aaado a Pope, anrl if they have not agreed upon a name v/iU-iin three days, that they shall be ve-itWcU'fi in ono dish each at dinner and supper 1 ;il I ho fifth day, and that after the fifth day they shall bo reduced to bread, wine, and water. 'Perhaps 1 need hardly aay that the irr.rip. of election is the ballot. The. voting takes place in the presbytery, in, ivi^l of tliw ii i tar, and tho ctirdinulsj ar^ seated within the railing of the ^refbytery, with all tho conveniences for writing. A canopy of green silk marks the stalls of those cardinals whose creation dateo back before the last pontificates. The creations of the last Pope aite' distinguished by violet. The Bull of Gregory XV. recognises three models of selection — by inspiration, by compromise, and by ballot ; but tho principle modo in use i3 that of the ballot. This is taken wiili the greatest secrecy ; ' and it ia seldom known out of the conclave, and not often within it, how the cardinals individually vote. The electors are otrictly forbidden to confer with any ono5 even with their colleagues ; aud the voting takes place through sealed papors, that is to my, each cardinal at tho first ballot writo3 upon a clip of paper tba name of his candidate, and in order to identify it, if necessai'y, add3 a text of Scrip ture at one end of Mb vote and his name at the other ond. Thene ends are both folded up9 and the vote with its open name is placed in the consecrated chalice standing on tho altar of the chapel. If in tho first ballot any comes out with two^thirds of the votes, thore is an end of tho matter—the Pope is made. But if no one has a majority, a second ballot ia taken in order to Rive those who wioh an opportunity to accede to the vote of another. This ia called voting by access. It is the second form of ballot ; and it io generally taken in the afternoon. It is possible that in this way the majority may be produced. But if it is not, the papors are burnt, and tho conclave adjourns. Tho next day tho votes aro taken a fresh, and taken, if necessary, day after day, It is tho common process of casting out, and the only restriction upon the voting is that no cardinal ahull vote for hinself. This is why the votes aro required to be signed, in order, if necos3ary, to ascertain that the requisite majority, when it is an exact majority, has not been made up by the vote of the candid date himself. THE STATE OF ITALY. ' An Englishman,' writing to the Standard thus describes how, in one respect, Florence has been regenerated by the Usurpation :— 'Your correspondent's description of the state of Italy should be, I think (for the Information of Englishmen), supplemented by the otate of Florence. This great Italian nation of twenty&is; millions cannot afford to bo so liberal of tho art treasures it has suc ceeded to in Florence as the Austrian Arch dukes. The Italian Government, is trying to raise a revenue on its art treasures Jui Florence by charging a franc per head for each person every time any one pays a visit to gbj of tho galleries. Florence is no longer ? Florence. Where formerly one could culti vate one's knowledge of art and taste by going from one gallery to another, and comparing picture with picture and statue with statue, half-an-houv here and half-an hour there, comparing master with master and school with school, just a3 one's leisure suited ; now, every time you enter one of tho galleries or the Convent of San Marco, there is a chargo at tho door of a franc per head. To a family like mine, of seven persons, all with a taste for art, though not artists, it would amount to a considerable sum if we paid it or could pay it. But a pound a day it would cost mo to use tho galleries as wo could in former timeo. But we do not ; and I find myself saddled with a house hero for several months which I never would have thought of settling in if I had known of thio miserable attempt of the Italian Govern ment. It is a very cheap sight to see any of the gallerios for a franc, to anyone who never saw them before ! So let Englishmen come here for a week or ten days and see the sight and go ; but as for staying here for months Florence is no longer Florence J Thus the Italian Government seems without power to put down the brigands, though it has power to shut up tho Florentine art treasures. I will nob go to Sicily for fear of the Mafia ; and I will take my family away from Florence as soon as ever I ccn, and I re commend all my countrymen to think no longer of Florence as a place of residence for a family with a taste for art, unless they think nothing of paying a franc every time they look at a famous_ picture, or statue, or fresco. In former times the Florentines would have held a public meeting and de plared that the Italian _ Peninsular had no jfight to appropriate to itself tho treasures of japt wtych Florence has created, and that S£ch treasures ought to be dealt with for the public benefit of Florence. But the whole .conduct of the Italian Government seems wholly contemptible. selves among the woods, and once or twice , the Danube pressed her waters through aw- I ful walls of sheer precipice. At first I thought it like the Rhine, only much, very much superior, because of the woods, instead of miserable, tame, formal vineyards ; but presently the magnificence and almost fear ful grandeur of the scenery drove the Rhine utterly out of my thoughts. The woods were principally deciduous trees, with an immense profusion of walnut, and they were all matted together with wild vines, clematis, and very large white convolvulus, while between hev bf?.n'r«! the river writhed and boiled over bnrs or rocks, effectually forbid ding all navigation. But now the cliffs receded, and there came some miles of in cessant wood, with beautiful valleys, through whose woody gates we obtained exquisite glimpses up the mountainous glens. One in particular I remember, of consummate love* liness. It was on the Servian shore ; and far inland there rose a huge mountain in shape like a crouching lion, and the valley broadened out, and left the mountain stand' ing alone against, the sky. Then came a large sea4ike bay, with a Servian village and church on a tongue of green fields. The broad river went by gently, wheeling oolemnly in glossy eddies. It was a scene of perfect lovelines. Not a feature could be heightened or improved. Then came the cliffs again, no longer white and hoary, but a deep mottled red. For the next hour I was well nigh beside mycelf ; had it been the time of many coloured autumn, instead of brown leaved June, with its heavy green, I should have lost my senses. Red cliffs, masked in indefinitely various degrees by foliage, or standing abrupt like walls, or shooting up into npires and pinnacles, like castles, here receding from the view, there throwing them selves forward and shutting the waters up into a narrow, turbulent rapid ; these were the features of the scenery. To describe them is quite impossible. At last we turned from the cliffs and saw the deep wooded hilta above Drenkova, backed by the deep dull crimson of a stormy sunset, and we arrived absolutely wearied with the strength of the impressions made upon us by the scenery. Such a glorious and divine ming ling of grandeur and loveliness, of Nature's smiles and frowns, as decks the royal Danube all this day's journey, I never saw in my life; and I believe I shall never for« get the silent astonishment in which I tra velled for many hours. I almost envied the birds who were frea to drop anywhere in the leafy wilderness, or on the rocky ledges, or to suspend themselves in the air over the middle of the Danube. 