The Nobelist. BY THE SAD SEA WAVES. THE waves are rolling in slowly ; the rows of cottages and the one hotel are bathed in an unbroken and a garish flood of light ; the beach is clotted with the usual specimens of the "human form divine" that one sees at the sea shore ; while the inevitable small child trots around ubiquitously, overshadowed by a large amount of hat, and displaying an amazing brevity of skirts, and much (oh, very much) of bare, mottled leg. Lastly, here am I, uncomfortably seated on a pile of wood, the centre of a swarm of gnats, trying to look as though I enjoyed it, and conscious that I am failing miser- ably. It is not one of our populous places re- sorted to by fashion, but a little primitive beach, sought by those who require cheap- ness or privacy. "If," I mediate, "I could only think of an appropriate poem, perhaps I might be able to get enthusiastic over that dreary sweep of water. There's nothing else for me to do." Poetry is not my strong point, and I rack my brain for at least three minutes. At last the lines come : "The sea, the open sea ! The blue, the fresh, the—" A woman's voice, close at hand, says, "roast veal." What else I hear not, for those two words carry my thoughts forward to dinner. But no— vain hope— dinner is still a thing of the future. At this point the aforesaid small child sets up a dismal howl, and flies in abject terror from "some dread monster of the deep" (length one inch and a half) that its grubbing has disinterred. Its fright gives me malicious pleasure; but even that does not last long, and after a long yawn I rise to go. But at this moment a figure in lilac gingham comes in sight, and I sit down to wait. She comes along with light, easy steps, and presently she drops down silently beside me. She is a girl of twenty-two, with wavy auburn hair, and a pair of deep set grey eyes with dark brows and lashes ; her mouth is somewhat wide, and her nose is short and retroussé ; but the lilac gown shows off every curve of a superb figure, and her skin is prettily tinted. Somehow people always look twice at her. "Well ?" I say, lazily interrogative. "Well ?" she echoes. "Look here, Deborah. If I got so bored in this place that I drown myself, just remember, please, that you brought me here." "Why, Ottalie— " I begin, with ag- grieved sharpness "Perhaps you didn't," she interrupts, contradictorily but placidly. "That is what you are going to say, and I dare say it's true. I did want to come to the sea- side ; and, as we had to bury ourselves somewhere, this antediluvian place, Sone, was as good as any other. And the sea is always nice, you know ; only"— her big eyes turn wrathfully seaward— "there is a little too much of it here, and nothing of anything else. Such a caddish set of people could not have collected in any place but Sone." "As for the people, Otallie, I had an idea we wanted to avoid society. Besides, Sone is cheap— " "And nasty," puts in my sister. "Why do you indulge in these words, Ottalie ? Sone is not bad, though there is no circulating library," I go on : "nothing fit to eat, and no sleep to be had for the gnats." I end by making a frantic lunge at one of the enemy— of course I miss him. I always do. Ottalie laughs. "Poor old Deb, you are getting on bravely. Novels, eating and sleeping— sure signs of spinsterhood. Don't think I say it reproachfully. I wonder"— clasping her hands fiercely— " why people ever marry ?" "I'm sure I don't know." "If Aunt Rebecca would only die, and go to heaven," she goes on meditatively, "we should be rich." "And what if we were rich ?" "We could go away ever so far, where nobody would ever see or find us." "Afghanistan's a good place," I say, dryly. "Yes," she says, with a short laugh. "Only Aunt Rebecca won't. Though she is not a bit of use down here— except to sing hymns." "You ought to be ashamed, Ottalie." "I'm not," she says, cheerfully. "You are always wishing yourself that Aunt Rebecca was gone somewhere." I wisely affect not to hear. "Let us go over to the inlet," she adds, jumping up; "anything's better than sitting here." The inlet is a small bay, chiefly remarkable for its calmness, solitude, and gnats. But why it should be named the inlet nobody seems to know. "Sometimes I think all this must be a dream," Ottalie says, as we saunter along in the heat. "How things have changed ! What a contrast it presents to the days when we were with papa, and he was flourishing. This is a wretched life." "This is a little better than your life last year, Ottalie." She turns away quickly, but presently begins to hum a tune. Wretched I know it is for her, but any reference to the past she will not hear from me. Five minutes later, we stand on the edge of the water. Ottalie points to a small rowing boat. "See," she says, "that boat is what I've been trying to get ever since we came here. We'll borrow it for a little while, Deb." "Borrow it ?" "Just to sit in," she says, jumping in. "Oh, it is cool and pleasant sitting here ! Come in, Deb." I don't know why I always obey her ; she knows that she tyrannizes over me. In I get. "The least little push— so— Deb, will run it off into the water." The boldness of the assertion locks my lips, and almost before I understand the situation we are skimming away from shore. People have said Ottalie rows well ; I know the fact does not comfort me in the least. I close my eyes and cling to the boat's side. Ottalie laughs, and begins to sing ; so I am left in peace to indulge my fears. I always was a coward on the water. "Won't you put back, Ottalie ?" But Ottalie only smiles and sings the louder. Presently I find myself almost a mile out. "Four o'clock !" I say, drawing out my watch. "Is it ?" Ottalie asks, lazily. "I know what an inquiring mind you have, Deborah, and I am taking you to explore the Isle of Shoals." Her eyes flash laughter as I ex- postulate. "It is dinner-time. At least, it will be by the time we got back." "My dear Deborah," she says, coolly, backing water. "I am not a well regulated individual ; my appetite does not depend on the clock." And as she speaks, she runs the boat into land. "Now let us explore," she says, preparing to get out. "And let the boat drift off ?" I ask, tartly. "No, don't come out ; stay where you are," shouts a strange masculine voice from the shore. We both start. "Push off," I whisper, nervously. But before Ottalie, with all her dexterity, can obey, a gentleman with fishing basket and tackle, comes rushing down and jumps in. "My girl," he says to Ottalie, as he takes the seat facing her, "the next time Michael sends you to bring a hungry man back to shore and dinner, please don't make a pleasure excursion of it. Row quickly now, and make up for lost time." Ottalie's back is toward me, but, just as I open my lips to answer, she turns to me a very red face, and makes me a sign to be quiet. The gentleman lights his cigar, and leans back fixing his eyes on Ottalie. "By Jove !" he ejaculates presently, "you are pretty and no mistake." I have noticed the best of men think themselves at liberty to speak out to a girl the admiration they only dare look to a lady. Ottalie glances over her shoulder (with a crimson face) at me again, and once more I hold my tongue. Well, perhaps in the position it was best to be silent. We had brought it upon ourselves. "I would take the oars myself," he adds, "only I gave my wrist an ugly wrench yesterday; so there can be no more rowing for me yet awhile. Tell your father to send you as long as I am helpless— that is, if you want to come. Do you ?" There is a little pause, and then Ottalie answers in her old care-for-nothing tone, "Yes." I hold my breath but nothing more is said. He only laughs. So he takes us for Michael's daughters, whomsoever he and they may be. I feel dowdy ; I feel that we both look just as Michael's daughters might look. I am not much to boast of on orthodox occasions, but now my hat is over one ear, my cotton gown is rumpled, and I can tell that my nose is red and my face a mass of freckles. Ottalie is also rumpled. Her lilac sleeves are rolled up, and her hat is lying at my feet. Yes, we might surely sit as models for those mythical daughters of Michael. Next I look at our "fare." He is tall and broad-shouldered, and clean-limbed ; his face is rather square, his features are irregu- lar, and his mouth is covered by a blaok moustache ; he is either very dark or much sunburnt. But there is something in his countenance that I like, something also in his voice, and he has the unmistakeable bear- ing of a well-bred man. Finding he cannot make Michael's daugh- ters talk with him, he subsides into silence, enjoying his cigar. Then we reach the shore. I scramble out first, before he rises ; he follows ; then comes Ottalie. Once more on land, my courage revives. "Tell Michael," he begins ; but I interrupt him. In my opinion it is high time the farce should end. "You are mistaken, sir," I say, tartly, trying to speak de haut en bas. "We are not Michael's daughters." "Not Michael's daughters !" he repeats. "Then who the dev— I beg your pardon. Then who are you ?" But he speaks with a ring of mockery in his tone. What with that and what with Ottalie's black looks at me, I turn back to speak again. "We did not go after you— to fetch you— we know nothing about you. Ott— the lady got into the boat for pastime, believing it to be at liberty, and she was foolish enough to row over to the opposite side of the inlet. We are ladies." "Thanks," he answers, staring at both of us, and raising his straw hat. My tones may not have impressed him— perhaps puzzled him ; for there is a slighting lightness about him, and anything but reverence in his face. "Thanks for your kind exertions," he adds to Ottalie, who blushes furiously and makes no reply. Raising his hat again, he walks his way, and we walk ours. Glancing back I see a man in rough costume approach him. "Good gracious, that must be Michael !" I say. "He will want to charge us for the boat." Ottalie turns upon me savagely. "De- borah, you are an idiot ! Had you only held your tongue, he never would have found us out— never. What does it matter if he did take us for the boat girls ?" "Had you not better tell me it was my fault we took the boat at all ?" I retort. "I wish you would not do these things." "What a good-looking man he is !" We walk home in silence, for I don't answer her. Ottalie hates reproach, but she is a little ashamed of the escapade herself. In time we learn that the stranger's name is Daine. He is apparently well to do, and is supposed to have come to this little out- of-the-world place, Sone, for a spell of quiet- ness. He lives at the hotel, pays liberally, and keeps himself to himself, occupying his time with boating and fishing. It is I who hear these items of news, and I try to impart them to Ottalie, but she will not listen. Meanwhile, if by chance we meet the stranger, he lifts his hat in silence, and gazes at Ottalie as he passes. Probably, just as we have heard his name, he has heard ours, and he knows that we are not Michael's daughters, but the Miss Peyres. And each time this meeting occurs Ottalie's blushes grow more ridiculous. It makes me angry with her. Three Sundays come and go. On the fourth we see our schoolboy cousin, Keith Harland, who has come down to Sone with his mother. Mrs. Harland looks frostly blue, and does not even give us the tips of her fingers to shake. Of course she did not know we were at Sone, for we do not en- lighten the world as to our movements. Her dead husband was our mother's cousin ; so the relationship to her is not much, but what it is she is ashamed of. The scrambling, moving about, shady kind of life that Ottalie and I lead does not enhance our worth in her eyes. Lead it we must, however, until the end comes and the "finis" is said. And then ? Well, perhaps in the great hereafter Ottalie and I may attain to respectability. On Monday morning Keith comes rushing into our lodgings, all excitement. "I say, Ottalie, what do you think ?" he cries. "Who do you think is here ?" "Who is ?" asks she, from her place on the music stool. "Jasper Daine. I have just seen him." Ottalie strums away and does not answer. She is as red as the poppies outside. "Who is Jasper Daine ?" I question. "A regular trick," responds Keith. "He was at college ages ago, and he came over to see Tom last autumn and get some shooting. He has a nice place of his own." "And is well off ?" "Well off ! I wish I was likely to be half as well off. He is going to take me out fishing this afternoon. I told him you two were here, and that you were my cousins." I draw the boy to me as Ottalie leaves the room, and look into his eyes, speaking im- pressively : "Keith, you must take care. No tales out of school, you know, about past troubles." At first the lad, gazing at me with his honest eyes, scarcely seems to understand. And I add, "for Ottalie's sake." "Why, Deb, I hope you don't think there's need to caution me on that score," he says, promptly and half indignantly. "My mother would skin me, I expect, if I would talk about that. And serve me right, too." Sitting on the bench in our solitary cottage garden at sunset, I see two figures coming across the sands. Can Keith be going to bring that man here ? How stupid the lad is. Yes, on they come, and inside the gate Keith, eager as the schoolboy is, the other already lifting his straw hat respectfully. Ottalie rises deliberately, turns her back and looks over the side palings. "Mr. Daine, Miss Peyre," cried the lad, making the introduction after the manner of his elders. "And this is her sister," he adds, pulling Ottalie round by the arm. "Ottalie, here's Mr. Daine." Ottalie and I bow stiffly ; she puts on her coldest manner, comes back to her seat, and takes it. Mr. Daine sits down, facing us in a small iron chair. Keith climbs the trunk of the big tree and lodges himself amid the branches. He begins telling of their fishing expedition in the afternoon, and what they caught and did not catch, which leads us on to general conversation. In the midst of it appears the small servant maid. "Tea is waiting ma'am," she says to me. What can I do but ask the intruder to take some tea ? We all go into the sitting room to- gather. I place myself before the table ; they range themselves at the open windows. Ottalie's beautiful grey eyes glance up at him ever and anon through their long dark lashes as he talks to her. "Now, is he not a jolly brick ?" demands Keith as Mr. Daine says good-night and leaves. "Very," cried Ottalie, sarcastically. "I can tell you, Ottie, all the girls down with us thought so. Not that he thinks much of women," adds Master Harland. "He does not take to them. And now I must go, or my mother will be outrageous. I dined with him at the hotel— such a jolly dinner." "Well, this is very pretty !" I cry, as the boy disappears. "That insolent man, of all others, to make friends with us." "Why did you give him tea ?" says Ottalie. "Give him tea ! Could I help it ? And for you to talk so freely with him, Ottalie ! I did hope you had learned prudence— " "I did hope you had learned prudence," mimics Ottalie. "Mark me, Deborah, if anything upsets our equanimity, our domes- tic calm, you will have brought it upon your- self." "Go on, go on, child." But she does not go on. She turns to the piano, and begins the first bars of the old French song : "Partant pour la Syrie, le jeune et brave Dunois." "Women and moths," I murmur. "She has assigned herself once, and she'd like to flutter near the flame again." And I take up the bedroom candlestick. Day, Sunday. Time, five o'clock on a sultry afternoon. Dramatis personae, Ottalie, myself, and Jasper Daine, who has just unlatched the gate, and is sanuntering towards us. Ottalie is on the bench under the trees. I am in the room, looking from the window. "Been fishing ?" she asks, laconically, as he drops down by her side, and nods to me. Fishing ! how irreverent she is. "No," he says, "I have boon boring my- self with myself. After inflicting my com- pany on you in the morning, I had not the face to come any sooner; and while I was thrown on my own resources, I came to the conclusion that, in point of dullness, Sone and church are about on a par." I am getting used to this man and his cynical reverence, but this last startles me so that I exclaim in reproof. He turns to give me an amused look. "As usual, I have shocked Miss Peyre," he says. "But— " At this point Ottalie's glove drops. He picks it up, and goes on in his lazy, indif- ferent manner with some explanation to soften his words away. Then he raises the glove to his lips. "Violet is my favourite colour and per- fume," he says, coolly. "Is it also yours, Ottalie ?" He calls her Ottalie for the first time in my hearing. It is only five Sundays since Keith introduced him to us, yet he calls her Ottalie. As the aborigines reckoned the flight of time by the moon, so we of Sone reckon it by our solitary landmark— the Sabbath. Keith Harland and his haughty mother have gone again. My thoughts wander off on Ottalie's affairs, and just as I come to the conclusion that she was sent into this world for the sole purpose of ruining my temper, and getting us both into trouble, his voice startles me— or rather not his voice, but what he says. "I have called you fast," it says, "even a girl of the period. I never meant to fall in love with you, but yet I have done it." There is an odd, half humourous, half doubtful tone in the voice, and its owner is clutching Ottalie's two hands. Her head is bent so low I can only see the outline of a flushed cheek. Apprehension— anger— I hardly know what feeling arouses me. "Ottalie !" I may as well call the moon. She does not hear or heed me. Mr. Daine bends down to her and speaks almost in a whisper. Her eyes— the big, beautiful grey eyes— glance up at him. In my vexation I retire from the window. In my trouble I walk back to it. Both of them have forgotten my existence. "Do you know," he goes on, and my ears are quick, "I began by meaning to dislike you. I did not care for a girl who could be fast enough to row a stranger over the bay and personate a boatman's daughter. Ottalie, how did you subdue my prejudices. How did you get the better of me ? Are you a witch ?" Mr. Daine is certainly an odd lover, if he means it for love, and woos after a fashion of his own ; Ottalie does not seem to object. As he bends to her the wind stirs her pretty hair, and the water comes rolling in slowly over the sunshiny sand— poor, foolish Ottalie. "You are a witch, perhaps," he says, after a pause. "On my life I cannot tell. I only know one thing— I love you." "Really and truly do you love me ? Really and truly ?" asks she, childishly twisting her fingers together, as she rises to her feet, and looks up at him. "Better than life !" he answers, and takes both her hands in his. Dismay had held my breath, but I call now. "Ottalie !" He hears that and looks around. She goes and looks out at the murmuring sea. At that moment the maid comes in with a tea tray, cake, and bread and butter. We dine early on Sundays. "Come in to tea," I call out, in desperate hope of putting an and to the folly. But no ; just as though my words were wind, they regard them not. Opening the gate they stroll off together across the sands. I take my tea alone with a sinking heart. How intensely foolish Ottalie is ! The wildest imagination could not, I fear, picture Deborah Peyre as a praying woman. Of course, I go to church ; I go this evening. I have called myself a miserable sinner scores of times ; now I feel I am one, or that she is, or that he is, or that we are all sinners together. I try to pray, more earnestly, per- haps, than I had over tried in my life. And after the service is over, I go home and wait. The gate clinks at last. Ottalie comes in, and stands blinking in the doorway, half- dazzled by the light. "Will you condescend to tell me how you intend to wind up this highly creditable farce you are playing ?" I cry, in helpless rage. "Wind it up," she repeats, the brightness fading all at once out of her face. Then with a sudden dash of recklessness : "I don't know. I don't think it's a bad plan, Deb. I let myself drift— drift— drift. It's so much easier." And she laughs a strained little laugh that cannot take the shadow out of her eyes. "Understand this much," says I ; "if you do not put an end to this, I will." She gets as white as her dress, and seizes my arm. "No, oh, no, Deborah ; you are joking ; are you not ?" And she drops my arm and and sinks on her knees beside me. "Am I given to joking ?" "But you won't," she repeats. "I will do what you want— only not now, Deborah, not now. Let me be happy, please, just a little while. Do you grudge me these few days because my life, has been so happy ?" I am silent. She clasps my arm to hasten my reply. "Have I had so happy a life, Deborah ?" Heaven knows that she has not— of late years. But how shall I answer her ! What am I to do ? In one sense of the word I am at rest ; she has too much pride to give cause for real fear ; but— there are complications. "Deborah, dear Deborah, won't you promise me ?" and her voice breaks, and the firm white arm creeps up round my neck, as her eyes peer into mine. "You will not tell ?" How shall I answer her ? "Deborah, dear Deborah," she cries again, putting her lips to my cheek. How still the room is, as her voice falls. How quiet it is outside— how quiet. "No," I say, shortly; "I will not tell, unless I am forced to it, Ottalie ; understand that." After a little she gets up and goes toward the door. I follow her. "Ottalie," I begin. She stops and looks over her shoulder, half angrily, half entreat- ingly. "Hush," she says, "I am forgetting it— that. You said I might be happy— just a little while." "Then," I say, bewildered out of my equanimity, "you will be the first person who was ever made happy by acting a lie." Ottalie turned a scared face upon me, moans, and escapes from the room. What a culpable woman I am ! Bribed with a kiss to promise ! But poor Ottalie ! And what a reckless, miserable mood she is in ! I hear her voice ringing out overhead : "Et l'ivresse, l'ivresse, l'ivresse et l'amour !" Not an exalted sentiment, is it, reader ? and for Sunday night ! Well, she learnt in a hard school, this poor Ottalie of mine. I toss and turn my night away. Ottalie, I fancy, does the same. When she sits down to breakfast her face is pale, her eyes are encircled by purple rings. We scarcely speak to one anotlher. Later, I come into the room again, with my things on, look at her, and wait. "I am not going out," she says ; so I leave her sitting at the window. If she is happy, she is a better actress than I thought — she hides it so well. For three hours do I poke jolly-fish with the end of my sun-shade. But jelly-fish are phlegmatic and the sun is hot. In the course of time it becomes monotonous, and I rise and go homeward. As I close our gate I hear Jasper Daine's voice. Sometimes it has struck me as being musical, but now it fairly sets my teeth on edge. What does it all mean ? Has she told him herself ? Well, It may be better, I think, as I walk in. Ottalie is bolt upright near the piano, and Mr. Daine is tramping up and down the room. He comes to a sudden pause before me. "What is the matter ?" I ask, not in the least because I require information. I think he guesses that, for he eyes me in an ex- tremely unpleasant way. "The matter is this," he says, in his harsh voice : "Last night I was led to believe your sister would be my affianced wife ; nay, that she was. To-day, when I ask about our wed- ding day, she tells me she is already married. That is all that is the matter, Miss Peyre." I untie my hat- strings and sit down ; I have not the least idea what else to do. "Forgive me," she says, or rather moans, coming a few steps nearer him with a scared, pitiful face. "For drawing me on ! For making a fool of me ! For allowing me to love you as I have never loved mortal yet ! And when I know not whether to believe this strange assertion, and ask what your name is, and why, if you are married, you have let me call you Miss Peyre, Miss Ottalie— you refuse to speak. Madame, I appeal to you," he adds, turning fiercely to me, "is this the way to treat a gentleman ? Have I or have I not a right to ask an explanation ?" "Tell him, Deborah, tell him all," she says, trembling. But I hold my peace stubbornly. I feel angry with everything and everybody. Her own folly led her into this ; let her get out of it as she can. He stands, waiting for mo to speak. Ottalie gives a great sob, which disarms me. In spite of myself I begin, and give him the outlines of the tale. Our father was Major Peyre of the— Regiment. He was not a good man ; to say the least, not a judicious one. He drank and gambled. After our mother's death Ottalie and I were quite in his power. One of his gambling friends, to whom he became largely indebted, cast his covetous eyes on Ottalie, who was but a young girl, shy and inexperi- enced. My father gave her to him in mar- riage. Before two months passed over my father died. Mr. Daine, who possibly knows Mr. Peyre by reputation, may remember what his death was. Before the year was out, that man, Otallie's husband, fell into trouble and crime. He was tried for it ; tried, Mr. Daine and readers, and he is now work- ing out his sentence in prison. Can anyone wonder that we seek to hide our heads ? Mr. Daine, standing with folded arms and shortened breath, inquires what the man's name was. "Joyce, Waller Joyce," I say, "ex-captain. Once, by courtesy, gentleman." "Walter Joyce !" he exclaims, staring at her. "And you are his wife ? Heaven help you !" She wrings her hands and looks up at him with wide, tearless eyes. All her coquetries are gone, all her pretty bewildering looks and smiles. "Forgive me," she says, humbly. "Never !" The word seems to be wrung from the depth of a despairing heart. "Know- ing all this, why could you not have let me alone ?" he asks ; "have checked me when you saw what you were becoming to me ?" "Because I grew to care for you," she says, in her recklessness, her white lips smiling faintly. "Because I never know what hap- piness was until you came. I was very wicked, I know ; Deborah there is thinking me more wicked still for avowing it. But this is the end of all." In her sad eyes stands the ghost of the dead and gone past. Mr. Daine, looking down upon her with strange compassion, catches up his breath with a sob. "Jasper, Jasper ! Only forgive me !" The silence was dreadful. I can't bear these scenes. I was not made for them. Her head falls in despair. All in a moment he folds her to him. "If that be true, if you do love me, why then all will be well. Why should he stand between us— that base, bad man, who has wrecked your life ?" I put out my hand, aghast. Ottalie, aghast, too, turns her white face to him inquiringly. "Don't you see that it is not an ordinary case ?" he asks. "What does it signify that a few carping Puritans may carp at it ? Otallie, my dear one, come with me ! I can make you happy now and always." He waves me aside. I stand aside and wait. It seems to me like an eternity ; but I know I can trust Ottalie. She frees herself slowly from him. "Good- bye, dear love," she whispers. "Good-bye ?" he echoes. "What do you mean ? You cannot, you will not, send me away, Ottalie— " "I am his wife," she whispers, drawing a long, quivering breath. "It is a pity you did not remember that sooner," he says, his angry mood returning. But the next moment he is drawing her to him again. "Remembered it before you played with me." "I know it," she says, humbly. "But if I played with you it was dangerous play ; for I think I have wounded myself to death." "Ottalie, forgive me," he cries. "I think I am going mad. Ottalie— " "No, no, no ! don't tempt me, please," she sobs, leaving him where he stands. "Go, Mr. Daine, please go, for all is over. And I would ask you to forgot me if— but no, don't forget me quite," she breaks off with a cry of pain ; "not quite, not quite. Only try not to blame me more than you can help." Her tears break out at last between the dry sobs. His only answer is to snatch her to him and kiss her frantically— her face, her slender hands, even her hair. "Go," she gasps out ; "please go, Jasper." And go he does. And the next morning, before Sone is well astir, Ottalie and I and our boxes go off like the shame-faced things we are. The sea shore again. More sand and fewer houses than at Sone ; we are a hundred miles from that delectable spot. Sone was not much, but this— who shall describe its dreariness ? Sometimes I think I cannot bear it. It is the fag end of the world ; hardly anything but the lighthouse to see. Weeks have passed since we came, the signs of Winter are at hand. What, shall we do when Winter comes ? I am sitting on the door-step, and Ottalie is walking up and down as if she had been wound up and warranted to go so many hours ; her eyes are fastened on the sea, and her long skirt stirs the leaves that lie dead on the path. "I'd just as soon be in my grave as here," I groan ; for in truth all things wear a cruel aspect to me to-day. Ottalie stops to speak. "Deborah, don't ! please don't. We must stay here. It is a safe retreat ; no one knows it. I sometimes fear I am not a good woman ; that you know I am not. I am afraid to risk temptation again. Sometimes I wonder whether if he" — her voice sinks, and she turns her pale, thin face toward me— " if he were to find me and ask me the same thing, I should have the strength to say no again. Oh, my dear mother, if you were but living now !" she adds, clasping her hands, and taking up her weary tramp again. It is the first time she I has alluded to Jasper Daine. The thought exasperates me. I must be getting ill-tempered out of sheer weariness. "I warned you in time, Ottalie. Did I not tell you how it must end ?" "Yes, I know all that ; it is no one's fault but mine," she answers, as her eyes wander out seaward again. The eyes have dark circles perpetually now, and her pretty face has lost its bloom. As a gust of wind lifts her hair I see how sharpened its outline has become. How dreary this is ! And, what is drearier still, every day brings us nearer to Captain Joyce's release. And then, will he find us here ? Will she die of it ? Oh, Ottalie, Ottalie ! If I am cross it is for her sake. To and fro she still tramps. I sit on with my despair, and watch the smoke from the coast-guard cottage chimneys curl up against the grey sky, and the last leaves from the solitary row of poplar trees fall off in the wintry wind. And this is our life. How long will it last ? I ask the question of myself as the faint, red sun gleams out for a moment beyond the lighthouse, and then sinks to its rest ; sinks only to rise again on the morrow ; to rise and set on many countless to-morrows. How long ? How long ? The sea-gulls flap into shore, screeching angrily, and the waves, the sad sea waves, come creeping in slowly over the sands, with a sad, sullen moan, in and in, until the faint colour left by the sun is gone, and night is upon us. And all night long I lie on my pillow and listen to the waves, and cannot sleep. The morning brings a letter. A letter for us ! Only one individual in the wide world, so far as I know, is cognizant of our address ; the friendly old lawyer, once a relative of my dead mother's, through whom we get our small income transmitted periodically. What can he have to say ? It is only the middle of the quarter. Ottalie seated opposite to me at the breakfast-table glances at it with some faint curiosity. "Old Weston must have gone in early," shs remarks, alluding to the distant post- town. "He had to fetch something betimes for the lighthouse." The letter is addressed to me, and I open it. As I glance at its contents, a mist gathers before my sight, and I turn sick and faint. Is it right to be glad at a fellow-creature's death ? I know not. "What is the matter, Deborah ?" "News. It concerns you." "Concerns me ?" "Yes. Someone is dead." She gazes at me with parted lips. "Not — " she begins, and stops. "Yes, he is dead. Your husband has died in prison." I don't quite remember how we got through the day, except that we hardly exchange two words. What Otallie feels I know not. I am thankful. "Why, there is a stranger" I exclaim in wonder, as I discern some tall man marching down the rugged pathway at evening. A gentleman, too. We had not seen anything of the kind in the place before. Ottalie raises her eyes languidly and looks out. She knows him in spite of the twilight, and she stands up and locks her fingers one within the other in her emotion. He comes in— Jasper Daine. His form fills up the doorway. Opening his arms, Otallie falls into them. And I and he do what we can, both to still her hysterical sobbing. "You see, Miss Peyre," he says to me. "Fate has been kinder to us than— " "Than you deserve," I put in. "Quite so. But as my wife, I will en- deavour to shield her in future from life's troubles and storms. You shall enjoy peace and rest if I can give them to you, my dar- ling Ottalie." And the sad sea waves did not sound to me that night so sadly as they had done. Poor, weary Ottalie ! The dark past was over for her ; hope was dawning ; she might be light-hearted once more, even in this world. 