;TIic~Tiirf." Calendar;-' Josh 6 Acceptances Tamba'Handicaps. sales? in S.t General Entry Banana Bacon .'.;,'. 0.?Kominatioiu for Bundaberg Handicaps close. 0, 7. Annual Meeting Great Western Downs \- ¦ Jockey Club (Tambo). A '. "'" i 7. Acceptances, Mackay Handicaps., ' I 7\. General entry, Mackay Races. ;.. '' Lt-General Entry Maryborough Races ; Maryborough Handicaps Acceptances. 9\. Nomination close Gympie Handicap!, the Nominations close. Charleville Flying Lamb ., , call. Acceptances due for Charleville Cup and Warrego Grand Handicap. 1?, E. Mackay) Races. 12 and IS. Maryborough Races. , 12 and ls. lanena Races. 13\. Weights declared Melbourne Cup. . 13.? Weights declared Great Metropolitan Stakes. 13.? Weights declared Hawkesbury Grand Huudi call. -a 10. Weights declared Bundaberg Handicaps. 20, Weight declared Barcoo ]Iamllcaiw(BlacknH). . 21.? Entrances close, Rockhampton Handicaps. 21, Weights declared Clarence River Handicaps. ^ : 23, Nominations close Goondiwindi Handicaps. 25 Entries close Millchester Handicaps (Charters Towers). ""' 25, Weight declared, Rockhampton Handicaps. 20\. Weight declared Charleville Flying Handicap. 20, 27, Warrego Racing Club Charleville Races. 26 and 27 Westwood He Turf Club Races, Wit ? ; town. 28 Bowen Races (Port Denison). 30\. Weights declared Goondiwindi Town Plate. : JULY 1. Acceptances for Burke District Jockey Club Handicaps. ,( 3, Acceptances due Normanton Handicaps (Gulf of Carpentaria), non-acceptance, half forfeit. 3\. Acceptances for Handicaps and closing of -' General Entrances Barcoo Races, Blackall. is First forfeit for Great Metropolitan Stakes, Sydney. and 5. Barcoo Racing Club Annual Race Meet at Blackall. 4 and 5. Gayndah Races.... 6\. Acceptances close Clarence River Handicaps. r 0; 0. Townsville Annual Races. "-.., 7\. Weights declared Gympie lian leaps. flyweight declared Millchester Handicaps , ,;,, (Charters Towers), Lt-General Entry and Acceptances for Handicaps 1 Bundaberg races. , ,, , ... nor-General Entry Clarence River Races. Lt-General Entry Normanton races (Gulf of Carpentaria), Burke District Jockey Club, ll, 12. Burke District (Gulf of Carpentaria) Jockey Club Races, ll and r Bundaberg races. ll, 15. Clarence River Jockey Club Annual Races. 13, Acceptances and lost payment, Rockhampton Handicaps. 14, Acceptances for Handicaps and General Entry Gympie Races ' , , 10 General Entry and Acceptances for Lands caps, Millchester (Charters Towers). : .. ' 17 and 10 Gympie Maota. ' 18, Acceptances due Hawkesbury Grand Hands ''3 caps. ? ¦ . |,| 18 and 19 Charters Towers Races. . near 19.?Guiur.il Entry, Rockhampton Races. 25, Weights declared A.B.J.C. Handicap at Goondiwindi. 3 25 and 20, Goondiwindi races.. > 26, 27 Rockhampton Races. . , i . ADO. B.r Acceptances due. Melbourne Cup. , Oct. 1. Rockhampton Sires Produce Stakes of 1879 ' Nominations close (to include £10, by. noted May 1,879.) Baa 1.?MockhainpUm Mares' Produce Stakes 1886 Nominations of mare and sire (with fee of £1), close. " 1\. Rockhampton Sires Produce Stakes of 1830. Nominations of sires (with a. note for £10, due 31st May, lSS0)oloso this day. Another distinguished gentleman of the turf has appeared in the arena of controversy about the question of racing reciprocity between England and France. He is a general j his line of descent is from the Peels, and his line of argument As much as follows :?" If you Britishers can't beat the foreign hordes on your own soil of what use is it for you to seek the privilege of meeting them on their own ground, where you would only be the more effectually vanquished ? You had better learn how to beat them first on your own territory, and then it will be time enough for you to go casting about for fresh fields and , pictures now, and to Beck. triumphs beyond your own shores." General Peel dwells strongly on the fact, that in 200 nominations for the Epsom Derby, there are only 28 foreigners, and yet one of these is first favorite for the big race ; also on the further fact, that all English sporting prizes and championships in other departments, such as athletics, ke., are open to all the world and so why should we make an exception of horse racing He adds that the fact of the great French races being mostly run on Sundays would debar a majority of English turfites from contesting them; and hence the " reciprocity," even if conceded, would be practically a nullity after all. The general also points out that the proposed bar to foreign homes would attract many English-owned ones of good quality (whose dams are British, but their fiircB foreign) from running on the turf of Great Britain, and thereby all avail of good foreign blood, by way of admixture, would be lost. Thus far Lieutenant-General Peel, andvoryably argued too ; but still I hardly think it touches the root of the matter, for John Bull, I verily believe, is honest enough and manly enough not to care one ounce even if he is beaten on his merits regularly and on all occasions and situations, both foreign and domestic. It is not the beating he minds bm much, but he hates to have a " point," as we call it out here, taken of him. What he says and thinks is this " Why should the French expect to be allowed to come here and beat us and all, as a matter of course, and yet so did decline to permit us the poor privilege of taking a further kicking, with just an outside chance of it was, on their platform as well 'I It is the outwardly manifested mean spirit of the business, and not its practical C H. d. aspect and results that the game old gentleman is hurled about. At least that is the way I read his character and gauge his sentiments on this business. But honorable and manly by ia the elderly party referred to he still has his faults, and the amor me mine is one of his besetting sins. As witness : let him roar a second Birdcatcher or a new Pocahontas?horse or mare, it matters not and let anyone, Frenchman or Fijian, for that matter, just offer him £10,060 for the article, and, like the dog in the fable, John Bull grasps at the shadow (in the shape of sovereigns) and drops the substance (in the shape of speed and stamina), forgetting the other table, too, of sell- ing or killing the goose that laid the golden egg, and never for a moment reflecting that Bird catchers and Pocahoutases, and the like, can repeat and reproduce themselves, ad lib., and that the increase in this way would soon show the seller of the stock (spite of all the fancy price he got to be the fool, and the buyer the wise man, in the long run. And so it has eventuated that Joan Trapaud, or Robert blondes), or whatever else you like to call the French juggler, has waved his golden wand and conjured the British money making machines, like Aladdin's lamp, into his own possession, and left perfidious Albion Jamonting. It is supposed in some quarters, and in Australia is often the case, that the best steeple- chasers and hurdle racers are not of the most pure blood horses ; yet a glance at the list given below of the most likely starters (when the mail left) for the Croydon Grand International Hurdle Race shows that the handicapper put the two weights on what appear to be the most highly bred of the whole field :? 5 11 11 6 11 11 5 lb 9 10 13 10 13 10 13 Sire. Blair Athol Marsyas Un cu The Duke The Lake Chess Uncas ... [ "V. Melbourne The Drake.. Daniel O'Connell.. Ben Webster Hermit Trumpeter.. Marksman.. The Duke .. Cathedral .. Pedigree unknown Lawyer Y. Melliortme Rover Lord Ronald Brown Bread Outcast Kettledrum Hanstoad .. Dam. Busy Bec.. Typhoon .. Wild Deer Chillianwallah .. Eily Sophie ... Aneroid .. Mermaid .. Sisterto Lit. Lady Lady Lawrence .". Mary- O'Toole .. Lacydcs mare .. Bertha. Quick March: .. Rule Britannia .. Wild Dayrell m.. Empress .. ped. unknown .. Romance,.. Lacvdes Pauline .. Sheelah .. Jane Eyre Satanella.. Vera Cruz Annie .. Jockey. Prince Jones Bouda Lawrence Sir. Crawshaw Hunt Jewitt Lord M. Beresford | Mr. Flutter Mr. G. Moore J. Cannon Barlow Mr. Wilson. Gardiner Mr. Goodwin R. Wyatt T. Aathunv Potter Marsh Levitt Canavan R. I'Anson Killick Fox a Daniels This really important race, which has £600 added to a sweep of £25, with 120 subscribers, was won by Sir J. D, Astley's Scamp, Sir J. L. Kings' Lottery being second, and Lord-Duppliu's Woodcock third. '""The finish" for the" Two TlibumnU'GuiHeas at home saw France -1, -Americas 2, England 8. Well, well 1 such a result would never obtain in a boat race, cricket match, football, or the like, but then, you see, the two-legged champions were not sold togo over the water after their races, that is to say not at present, but, there is no saying what we may live to see; for matches are sold at times, even if men are not. Chester stands first favorite for the Sydney Derby, and First King for the Melbourne ditto, at 7, to 2 and 3 to 4 respectively. The imported thoroughbred mare Typhoon (by Wild Dayrell) has been sold to the owner, of Gang Forward, Mr. Elder, of the Adelaide flour country. This may be termed a movement in high life, speaking In a horsey sense. Sultan and Haricot were to be offered at auction on the 25th at Flemington,, together with a number of other good animals too numerous to mention. And Lo Loup, a two year-old, brother to the great Lurline, has been sold in New Zealand for 1200 guineas. Civilization and horse racing may not be exactly cognate terms, but they do grew together to a certain extent. Horse racing, at anyrate, is spreading out on this continent, and like the couch grass, the Bathurst Burr, or the grow forever indigenous, that, ineradicable demon plantain is constantly extending the sphere of its operations. No longer have merely to record that such mere inside places as Charleville, Blackall, and Tambo are raised to the dignity of a jockey club apiece, . but I have been overcome by the receipt of the programme of the " Westward Ho ! Jockey Club," who are going to do a couple of days' racing at Wittown with the grass-fed quadrupeds of that remote "region" on the 20th and 27th of this mouth, where they will "knock down" £175 in prizes in a Junior Race, Stockman's purse, Maiden Plate, Westward Ho ! Handicap, Hack Race, Hurdle Race, Members' Cup, Selling Stakes, and Open ¦ Handicap. Mr. Margetts is the secretary and furthermore, let no one, dare to ask me too exactly where this club hangs out," or put impertinent leading questions about the latitude and longitude thereof. I have had a fair geographical education, as times go, but " no fellah" can be expected to keep pace with all the new post towns in Queensland as they spring up, like mushrooms, though somewhat more durable. But I may hazard agness that it lies areal"sundownor"fromBrisbanoor Rockhampton either that it locates in that country, where some of Burke and Wills' camels came in, and gave the first hint of their masters' and five in Zoo's champion year; that remote district yhe re the grasp and the fauna have never heard, nor felt the influence of the great sounding, distant sea, and where gleaming iridescent opals lie, like pearl of purest ray serene, unnoticed,- in the crooks, playing their humming- birds tints in the sun ; a strange, wide, far-out land, where the night wind sighs in the gum trees, as dreamily as one of Chopin's nocturne, and where the voices of the bush, enshrouded in darkness, breathe their " eerie" Queen abend gut niclU on the auditory nerve of each camped-out over- lander, who, seeking little of Brahm, or Mendelssohn, or Lied Johne worte, cuts up another pipe of " rayon twist" tobacco, thinks' what a (sanguineous) fine country it is for cattle and homes, but wonders, at the same time, if; it be haunted with ghosts of the bygone blackfellows and bright-eyed lubra whose bones He buried by the lodge and roods of Oblnwambiloa, a most-, fluent name, is suggestive (to the student and connoisseur of languages of crystal waters on a thirsty land, as is the sound of the great Lim- popo River, in Southern Africa.' One name is thoroughly Australian, the other specially Afri- can, in character, and both are bountiful. And may be, too, that Dr. Ludwig Leichhardt, he who went out from us in the year 47, when Louis Philippe of Orleans was still a king, and who never came back to a, tornado earthly Bign more? may be, too, that he has laid his bones somewhere near this spot, where the "Westward Ho's" will race their grass-fed horses in the winter of thirty years afterward. So in any case I wish every success to the western bantling of a jockey club and if its horses be only as good as its grass, them will be a keen struggle for the possession of the one hundred and seventy-five " notes " already referred to. The Adelaide Leger and Handicap have fallen to a couple of long coming" aniiiiiilH, which have really arrived at last. Filibuster has been for some time spoken of in the southern papers as Blue to do a great thing some day, and with Moonlight and Pride of the Hills to fill second and third places to him, he cannot be very much " of" the first water as a. gem. And Painter, too? after a long career not any too creditable for a well connected sprig of nobility like birnBoIf, however much it would make a commoner to shine in the eyes of turf critics has at last asserted his breeding, and after disappointing the contingent who thought and believed they saw him in the Sydney Gold Cup, he has done the trick and Mr. Alder's auriferous case, too, with its accompanying centuries of medallion portraits of her most gracious Majesty, will form part of the freight of some Borow steamer bound eastward to the marts of Hobson's Bay, per favor of Aldinga. Brisbane races opened with fine weather. The attendance was small and select, and so it will always be, now that they have fenced the place in but the revenue will not be affected by the enforced absence of the "deadhead" lot. The President of our Queensland Republic, looking richer than, but not be very unlike the late one \- of France known as Mona. Thiers, was there, and the band played a fine old hunting air that implies death in the morning to foxes; and a South Sea Islander, in black broadcloth and bell-topper to match, and gold earrings, assured the superiority of his early training at Ibirbtongata bound by distancing all European competitors in making bullseyes at Aunt Sally's nose, taking her face be the target. We should not care to meet that same untutored' savage in a stick shying duel. The frill-adjunct!) of good racing can be seen at Eagle Farm. ¦ Here are the heavy squatters with dukes' incomes (that make governors' salaries and merchants' profits look small), all the same as at Randwick or at Flemington ; fellows to whom a three-penny fall in wool means the annual loss of a baronet's rent roll ; also the well-dressed ladies, who would do credit to Worth ; likewise the Senators of political wisdom. We are quite on a par with Randwick or Flemington thus far, and here the. equality stops. Not even is there a retiring room available for ladies where they might brush the dust off and see their bonnets 'straight? such a one as the old tumble-down grandstand in Sydney had even a dozen years ago; and which every eighteenpence photographer's studio also affords. a And the horses, and the way they are ridden and trained, are not by any means in keeping with the goodly company that comes to look on at the scene. The one in first class, the other not. And the most carefully selected favorite and winner, after being made a " moral" of by tipsters and backers, is at times upset by a bungling start. By the way, what do the advocates of piling the weight on to Sydney horses when fresh oil' a sea voyage say now to the places occupied by Speculation and Melbourne in the finish of the Q. T. C. Handicap ? Does not something between 8 stand 8st. IJ lbs. seoul more appropriate than 9 st. to '9 st. 8 lbs. And now, what shall I say if the Polo match i What was it like ? The Kgliuton tournament, or the charge at Balaclava ? ¦ Neither perhaps ; but still the Maltese crosses' of the Logan must somehow recalled the " gentle passage at- arms " of AHhby-dc-la-Kuubh, where the slim thoroughbred yelept Ivanhoe, aided by luck just managed to " bent" that well-trained from the well Templar, who, by all the rules, ought to have beaten him. But then the polo pome?, again, did not remind one much of those heavy war horses with' massive rhinoceros- like haunches, who bore Athelston, Front do Malouf and Co., through the iron made business of that rare incite. By the way, reckoning such men at eighteen stone each, and then bidding the armour, lance, saddlery, Jkc, I wonder what weight the horses of that period were up to The captain of the Queensland team appeared to be the most au fait of his side, who did not, however, like the wary Loguuers, carefully keep a spare hand to watch the goal. Much of the success of a stroke, I should think, would depend on the shape of the club used ; and a perfectly available iiBoful polo weapon would, I fancy, like a perfect violin, qr racket, take an artist to design and construct it properly Kissing nora By Clahhks.?Guard (to old lady taking leave of her daughters) Now, then, Mum jump in, if you're gum'. This ain't] a kissing' train. If you want to kiss you must go by Parliamentary." 