THERE is fi pAper published in London known as tbe Pall Mall Budget ; and this paper has been saving some very qoeflr things of late about Victoria and itH people. Althongh in no part of the world is the law more cheerfully obeyed, or order more generally respected, than bene, yet the. PaZZ Mali Budget is of opinion that this colony is on tbe verge of -anarchy, .and that tbe time may not be far distant when tbe Imperial Government will have to interfere, in a very practical form, to save all Bocial decency in Victoria :from destruction. And this condoBion is based on premises which will rather astonish the people out here to read, and which, for pure bathos and un adulterated invention excels anything of the same sort which has yet appeared in a public journal. For example, it -is Pot jestingly but gravely alleged that Victoria is now governed by ,l a- gang of disrepnt- ahle pdntitdans,'' who appeal for thoir own purposes " to the passions and ignorance .qf the masses," and who are beot'on breaking down tail vested or established interests which stand between these ruthless propa gandists and the attainment of their detest able and revolutionary- oKjects. But what these bbjecta ate the writer does hot .deign to explain. He magnanimously leaves the Hamlet- "of the: drama to his ; readers '.to discover" for themselves. Nor does be assign any reason for de scribing the present Ministry, and their followers in the Assembly, in this spirit, or in the libellqos terms used. Itehas soma- how got hold of an idea that the desire to compel the -wealthy landowners to contri- bnte something to tbe State, in return for the great privileges they enjoy, covers some .terrible raid, upon all kinds of pro perty, and that the electors, have Bent the very .scam of Victorian politicians into thp Assembly, tbe more effectually to realise their nefarious and communistic purpose. He therefore assumes that the reproduction here of all sorts of violence, including even the same kind .of strikes as have lately occurred in America, is only a question of time; and, in general terms, Victoria Is ; . ; t.L X'- 1 - "i. tkli J ; alleged to be on the eve of witnessing a great social and political disturbance, which will involve all forms of property in irretriey- , a$p ruin, and briDg no end of offence anffl \ dippnte njpon /he yrhole British cqpnec- , Khchtfiiw! aHXmmerited insult, botlto tl;po<gle off this colony and,, theifep«Btarie--J ; should eppBar tn a patjic jtte8! thh ; mother connt?, almost snrpaiBBefi oelief ; but it serves, at sJl events, to show that the land monopolists here have warm sympa - thtserslH-Begft.'hd.-ahaThktThhy Vre Byiio' means -partjcnlaras-.tpithej mean thf fo-t t sort to to aid Vue cuhu f)f thtsr friends, Staff " fl&fii;≥ Keris pntation _off £heir op ponents; — Bnt the libdlet does not stop st mere deduction, lie proceeds to trace 6p effecttoEsuse ; linti tip reeidtsof.his Investi gations would be itn men selyam using, -were thfjbtrso'HicMtitatetad-meSSicifms. The tease (Of all this lax' state 'of- poHliriil and social morality he associates with the original Itiint 'off obnici: cJlomsation still remaining tin this .colony; abd Which, he says, hafl.rprpdaceil.- uij abundance pf youthful rqydyism - and no end pf adult deterioration:1 Brutaf assaults, out- ; rages on women, tjih wuy i"Ohl>€nea &n; ' i n cty 1 1 i ;iri s m are amlfng"the"iiiorb prh'mmeut amutemente of Abe Yictorian people, who are governed "By caprice quite as much as by .loyeof plunder or revenge;" and .the Aus tralian papers are aVer-red- to -be 4vfilledVith nartettvife . %xiflmfe',D3>inpauied Jay Tuwfiy lnrrmptariOn' thlatythePagifitrates -fcabnot 'ue'vef do hard f_..jlM,JitipqaQ- worse, toe, police ;a(e .only CMiarkMLejoruthBir ineffi ciency. ; " in the largqtowOR they are -weak in nuinbenq timid, and it has even been hinted -corrupt while, in the country. dis tricts, they are ".pruetirally non- existent." Now, Orel less English papers say about police corruption, (.after: the discloanree made in connection with the repent turf frauds, the lete jbeyi wUl. expose themselves to (the charge of occhpying the same posi tion/as SATAN assumes when he stands up and dedrnms Against ain. - For the rest, and indeed all, of this malicirros diatribe against Victoria, it Isonty rie«»saiy. to say that there is not « scintilla of .truth in it tram beginning to end, to show the meudaciouB instincts of the writer, and the gross manner in which J.he English . public are often im posed upon by London newspapers of this mean bias's, Pr tracfcjing description. It will of course be asked what has caused this tirade of abase' to be . showered ota this colony just now, and' from where . has the writer gathered his inspiration? -The; re- plies to these questions are ta&Har; to seek. All the alleged indications pf commnnism and relapses into crime -have arisen from no less a cause thati the success of the Liberal party pn.the 11th of May.Xtis Mr BtilXt and taiB friends -who have 'done it" all. It-i? they who hayp made Victoria a .shock ing example to all -civilised communities; and placed it on- the high road to political infalny and bocial'disruptton at nd distant time in the future. It-is tbe triumph of the Liberal party which has e voted a dread in England that Imperial inter ference Will soon be necessary to restore this colony to order, and to save all kinds ?T property from that ruthless destruction with which it is now alleged to be threatened by the successes of Mr Berry and his friends at the last general election. And it is tbe gross misrepresentations, which are Bent from this colony every month, in the shapeof mail summaries, which have inspired the Pali Mall Budget to pen these libels on Victoria, and which have caused this country to be described to the people of England in a manner which wbb as little expected as it is entirely undeserved. Vic toria will of course survive all such inflic tions as these, just tbe same as the Liberal party will laugh at these despe rate efforts to bring it into disgrace with the " old people at ho'me." But none the less are these lying statements worthy of notice and denial, because they are made with no other intention than to degrade the working xdaaBes of Victoria, and to create a strong feeling in England against tbe spread of democratic institutions. The game is a cowardly one to play. Of this, at all events, there can hie no doubt. But this fact does not detract from its damsging effects ; nor is it at all likely that we can see to prevent tbe repetition of these mendacious state ments and ecandaluus slanders. A deputation will wait on the Minister of Railways to-day asking for a branch line of railway to be made from the platform near Sulky Gully to the Ballarat racecourse ; and there are numerous reasons why this request sb'oold be granted. The line would not be more than two miles long, and would cer tainly not cost' at the .outside more than £7000. The Ballaratshire Council has given permission to nse half of all 'the by roads that will be required for the purpose; and, therefore, it Will only be necessary for the Government to purchase one small piece of land near the course, to obtaiD all the land that ia required to carry out the under taking- ft is estimated, at the rate of 2s perhead fur adults; and Ie for children, in- dnding the privilege of return, that the revenue which-.would flow into the depart- from the making of this line, wonld not be less than £1200, a year ; and of course this amount would pay a handsome rate of interest on the ontlay, as pwing to the .line being only occasionally need, it would not be necessary to have any more than a platform on the course, or to employ any extra labor to superintend the traffic. A conple of porters conld be eent from Bal larat whenever tbe line was being used, and brought back by the laet. train in the even ing. The gatekeeper - near Sulky ;Guilv Conld work the points at the junction with tbe Oreswjck railway; so that no ex pense beyond, the mere cost of running the trains would be involved in the working of this 'extension. One engine wonld suffice to do the work, because, as there would , he only the one set Of pointB to cross, tbe train conld be jnst as easily pushed back on to tbe Ores wick line as i/ conld be drawn by tbe locomotive down to the racecourse. .Orthere conld he two engines used, tone to follow up tbe train after tbe junction had. been passed. This engine could briDg the train hack to Ballarat ; and the otberlocomotive.mnningin the rear from the conrse, cpnld wait for its turn near tbe jnta'ctioNto'TOlloW fip lthenext train to the course, hud then bring the carriages back to the Western station. . Anet return of st least £1100 a year would therefore be "obtained by the. depart ment through the construction of this line, as the cost of maintenance would he so light that the linemep pow employed, -oonld easily: do this work, and Attend' bo tbeir present duties as -well; .and this amount would be a very handsome earn indeed to realise every yBar tor an ex penditure of £7000 in the first instance. But even supposing there is any doubt as to this return being secured, it is entirely set at rest by the offer of the Baliarat'Tnrf Club.. They are willing to enter into a bond with' the department, guaranteeing intereat on the expenditure ; this bond to extend over the next twenty years. ' The department conld not therefore possibly lose by tbis un dertaking, even supposing the' ' estimate, ; as mentioned above, was not .tea--. Itsed, which we . - take to be a -very unlikely contingency to happen. There ia a line to the Ballarat racecourse ; there riUsbortiy be an 'lue pithlAfiSelong coarse; andrit wpnld beihard Sndeecspecially pnder 'the circonisfances As dMOribedihove, if tbe Bailarjit people were «3enied fthe same convenience at their race jmeetiogSL TKb advantages; to the public-' and- toe Xprf Club,-wpn1d he very considerable by the making of this line. The public would be saved the long, -dreary, and dusty ride of fourteenmiies.ltelV -ktad. Track, which they now have to endure when they" attend the races ; while the receipts of jhe.club jvfmld .be. . tremendously increased, owing to the mnch larger pumber of persons who wonld then patronise— their several meetings. Tbe cabmen may, perhaps, think this line would greaLly interfere with their incomes. But we believe they would be benefited by it rather than injured, because there would be such a greater number of persons then attend the tiacesf that" the cabs would find plenty of employment in taking people tij and rfroip the Western station. When pe'opTe £hetv tbat they would have plenty of walking about during the fl£y; ihpy wouldldpend a shilling to reach the. trains ; and after people had undergone all this pedestrianism- -they would readily enough give a Bhilling to reach their homes on their return frtm the rachfceufse. : over, the reduced cust of travelling to the course -fend ' back would tend to develorp a large cab traffic to and from the Western station, juat'he ' Same aB the lessened cost, of conveyance wonld swell the number 6f people svbo.woaldpttetiitim acre, looking at the matter, .thereforje, irom all points qf view, this bratichline should be made, becauae it will prove beneficial to all parties coni-, cerned in jits 4»nstrnctioo.-- Ande think therefore' the'deputatioh Bhnnld return to Bal larat to-night well- satisfied with the recep tion .it had received from Mr Woods,' aiid also amply prepared1 to give to the tflnb a gratifying account,. pf ,itB application to the departibent. " " " j The Land Tax Bill came before- Ihe Legislative Council last night, and was introduced by in ahle speech from tbe Postmaster General, a report of which apgeare fiUewhere. Sir Chariee Sladep followed, and moVe that the bill be laid aside, mainly on tbe ground -that excesiire powers would be given to the cominiBaioaera who would be ap pointed ubder Its provisions. .A lengthy 'diBcuarioh ensued, and at a quarter-past ten o'clock the debate was adjourned till this afternoon, on the motion of Mr Sargood. Mr A'Beckett and Captain Cole supported the bill, while Mr Bromell and Df Dobson opposed it. 1 Wei£JhiBy>telraathat'MrThutan' — accom p&nied; by Mr Thompson Moore, Mr S. Fraser, and Mr Ross (of Sandhurst):z4nterviewed the Minister of Mines yesterday, in reference to the use of $ diamond J drill.'' ' Af ter Mr JTbtireaa.Tiad ,gjvEH Major Smith a quantity of Valuable and interesting information as to the various drills in use in America,'; and tafceic jflefciilUfTjEdyajitifees. the Minister said be would scod a telegram on Thurs day, ordering si diamond" drills from New York! Xt is . anticipated that Ihe- cost of l?se dritlsili fuUy abiorbthe vote of £5000 op the Ketimatea for the purpose. A yonxr#romazr nafruVl Aflfiine Hrioe, of pre- pOBsessing appearance, was arrested yesterday in Melbourne, on warrant, -barged with stealing £20,' the property of Bridget Kelly, of tbe British Queen hotel, Dorotou ttreeVBaUarat, oo theSUt instant. Prisoner was brought izp'last night by train to Ballarat, and will be charged with the offe n ceathe XSty Police Conrt this tnormng. The remains of Mr John Winter, of the Colbi- n&bbin; station, eldest son of tbe late Mr John Winter,, of Ballarat, were brought to Ballarat yesterday evening by the 6A5 train from Mary borough, to be interred in the family ground in the Old Cemetery. The funeral will start from the late residence of Mr John Winter, Cardigan, thiw afternoon, at two o'clock. At the City Police Court yesterday, Robert Malcolm, wheelwright, and Alfred Nicholson were charged with attempting to commit suicide. In the ca?e of Mr Malcolm it web shown that he was oot in his right mind when he made the attempt on hiB life/consequently be waa dis charged. Nicholson, however, who, it will be re membered, opened, or attempted to open, a vein in his arm some time ago, was bound over in his own recognisance pf £20 to keep the. peace towards himself for six months. Mr Gwuqt. P.M_, occu pied the bench. Both defendJfcjiare just left the Hospital. To the information we gave our readers on Tues day (remarks the TtkgraphX about the expected presence of the Prince ol Wales at the opening of our International Exhibition to 1879, we have to add that which will be received with enthusiasm and delight in all the colonies. The_latest tele- , -grams' reoeived on" 4he subject are from. Lord Car narvon tohli Excellency Sir George Bowen. They state that His Royal Highness baa quite decided to visit Australia, and that he is especially anxious to be present at the opening of the Melbourne Ex hibition.. The Prince, however, is reluctant Jo . make the trip without the company of thePrincess, who ii as anxious to come as her husband himself, but who is equally reluctant to leave her children for so long a period as the tour would occupy. Though it is by no means certain, therefore, it is just possible tbat all Australia and New Zealand may be< gratified by the visit of the Princess, and some of her children at least, as well as by our ' futnre King. Petty robberies about Sebastopol are reported to . be almost alarmingly numerous. Since the late sale of the St. George plant one or two of the pur chasers have discovered that a great many of the smaller articles, such, as holts, Bcresra, &c.;, are , disappearing with marvellous regularity, and that in the face of a watchman -being continually on the , ground. It is arid that - policemen's visits there are like angels, few and far between. Now, how- ; ver, that public attention has been called to the thefts that are bring committed, it is possible the < police will exercise more vigilance. A united communion Service in connection with J ffce Evangdical AlHaoce 'was held inSt John's I Presbyterian Churoh, Peel fctreet, lost evening. n»ere was a large congregation, the building being : well filled, and the following clergymen. were pre sent on the platform Revs. J. W. Jbglis, E. I. Watkin, KaJph Brown, W. G. Minna, Joseph Walker, J. Orchard, Green, W> Hunt, and W. 'Cl&riL; Alter tbe preliminary service, the Rev. Joseph Walker delivered the/ sacramental sermon, taking forhis text, "Mysonl is exceeding sorrowful evea unto death." A large number of the congre gation partook of the sacrament, after which the Revs. E. L 'Watkin and J. W. Inghs delivered appropriate addresses, and the other clergymen present took part in the service. The collection amounted to £7 14s,. which gill be devoted tp tfre purchase and distribution of religious literature. ; A meeting of the committee of the Ballarat Coursing Club was held yesterday afternoon, at Craig's hotel (Mr-W. Bailey in the chair), to arrange the dates of the programme for next season. It was derided to hold .flvn meetings, as follows The Ercildouu Stakes, for thirty-two dogs, -to commence on 4th April ; Dowiing Forest Stakes, for thirty-two dogs, 9th May ; Derby and Oaks, unlimited, -20th June ; Tra walla juid Langi Kal Kal Stages, sixteen dogs each, 27th "Jnly ; Champion "Stakes, open to the werld, on 29tji August. . No other bntiness was transacted, and the meeting adjourned. A Cbioaman named Tak Shi, a miner, working at the No. 2 shaft of tbe Haddon Gold. Mining Company, was brought- into the Ballarat Hospital yesterday morning s offering from somewhat aevere injuries in the region of the stomach, received by a truck mating over him when he was working. The agadest ipccuroed several fitys gb;Kut the injured men was not brought into Ballarat until Wednesday. > At the Ararat police oonrt yesterday mornine, Frederick J. Somerton was committed for trial at the en auing Court of Assize, upon a charge of emzriement,5f)netred agaipjt Jrimcby .hi em ployer, Mr J. Hollway, of Armstrong street. rTto art-nnrap ejndemic ii spreading. Thelatesi outbrenk fau occurred at. Emglehaak, where oue of . thew rmcketa ii to he held on (behalf of the local isihlic library.: The flnit prize to be X500, and the second £200. Here are tote 5000 'tickets issued, at lOs'eadi. - A metipgDf tte Ballarat TattersiOrs'Ci' was held last ereuiug at the rooms, Unicorn hotel a large number of members being present. It was reported that about .fifty of the leading sporting- ;men of Ihe diaf rict had already been admitted, and |Aat the club had been successfully established. Nine new members were also proposed. We may add that Mr Gnndiy has re-furnished the large and commodious room at the Unicorn hotel in a mint comfortable- manner, and sup plied a pianoforte for the use of the members, ilt is Lso intended to have a billiard ruble la con nection with the dub, which will be placed iu position in 'about & fortnight. At present the libnry comprises nearly all the leading sporting periodicals of the day and Works of reference, and itbe finances are inaeatisfactory condition. Arrange- knenta have also been made by which Jelegrams of all race meetings and other leading sports will be posted at the rooms immedUtely, after Aeermtsj «me off. Altogether, the institution otttgBuftd has, therefore, been a success, and wUl 1 a ant long fell by the sporting public. gfit A meeting wai held schoolroom, Elaine, tor :Wjgdrpo«d cf obning the opinion of the mhab«nt» w present position of the Portland ttipxpKOttces., which have recently b:Xte»o'edJfeomie rail way station. On the motitWof BIr Kteg, seconded by Mr Blngrose, Mr Andrews wadV?roted to the chair. The chairman stated tbe objret of the meeting, and called upon Mr Conley, "mored- xrifl Tdtw arfled tw Poatmoster-GeDeral, -pairing him -to v«en»oye. the offices back to or oonfiguoas totoe railway station. Mr deary seconded tfre jugtignxJrt1 i y os catrtod vunanimoaBly. Mr'C|fiary moYed— JThat aoommite be appointed to tariy b'nt the views of the meeting. -Seconded by Mr King, -who Yild th4fhe»!ihed Lit to be understood that he had every respect for the present postn aster, bnt tbat he thought it would be found inconvenient to the public, both in refa- ence to the present site sod in the employment of a' 6tate-cbool tearing ma xwpnkBtr,. who he thought 'ought1 to 1>e' otherwise fully employed. The motion was then carried. All tke speakers expressed themselves as having great respect for the present postmaster personally, and all equally insisted that the -railway sfaoti was the proper place for the telegraph aod post office. Owing to the night being dark there was not a large attea- „daqce, hut _ sixteen .of. ihe principal-- in habitants w'erY. pr&ent.; .There apxiars Ao. be a ata-ongifeot- ing at Elaine in favor of getting the offices re moved back to their origi-posi.tiD-, A very enjoyable evening was Bpent on Tues day l&at;, hen k the, teachers and » senior sdigiarB of the Barkiy. Street Sunday. Schori aat d®i to an excellent tea, provided by Mrs Tozer, in her usual f - A . a meeting was held in the large schoolroom — tbe Rev. R.Brown in. thevCbair, .,wkBa ' .tojUowfr:prografifiDe.Was carried through in a most prcdttafale,imaxma> -by the various ladies and gentlemen present : — Chaii;- miD e.ct>Jn4afi,,, choic; aolo( and' chorus, Mim Retchford and company.; song, ' Resignation" 'Mr J. Nettle; address, Mr R. B. Michell; solo and chorus, "Angris are aitihg Mias E. Carnell aril -comjAiiy ; rwadtog, Mr Bell ; song, " Ldttle eister's gone to sleep," Miss Vercoe (encored) ; song, Miss Retchford ; duet, Miss E. Carp ellwand , Miss..y excoe. (the gem of the evening); address, Mr J/'-D/Stobka ; duet, "The pilgrims," Messes J. Nettle and J. Wooleock (en cored) ; chorus, " Who are these ?" choir. Much credit is due to Miss Vercoe for. the manner iu which .shfc' rendered ;her song of Little sisters gone to alpep," ; wbich ,.waa so -appreciated by ibe audience that an -encore . waa : demanded, Miss E. Cornell appeared to grai advantage, while Miss Retchford fairly won the appreciation of the audience by her songs. Mr J. -Wooleock made his first appearance before ae audience, and great credit is due to - him and Mr J. Nettle for their duet, u Ihe pilgrims," whifeh won the hearty applaose of theaudience, AfterYhe usual votes, "of thanka had been'pasaed, ' and the. benediction pro nounced by the chatrman, an enjoyable evening was brought to a close. 1 We have received the following amounts from Mr Phillip Davis, .treasurer of "the Parker 'b United 'Accident Fund, 'Gordon : — £2 10s for the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum, and £2 10a for the Ballarat Orphan Asylum OnJFriday evening last, in Connection -with the Brown Hill Literary Institute, an instructive and interesting lecture, was delivered by the Rev. 'Ralph Brown, -pn " Headsnd Faces." Cross occupied' ihe chair. The lecwire . was listened to attentively by a good attendance, >and. during: ha delivery the lecturer was friequeotlyj applauded. At tbe conclusion several came forward aud had tbeir beads manipulated by the lecturer, to their own satisfaction, and greatly to (he amusement af < the audience. - A unanimous vote of thanks' to the lecturer bronght the meeting to acioae. An examination of the children .attending the JSmythesdale rosd scbool, under4he tuition of Mr and Mrs Dempster, was frdd on Monday last by Inspector Curiewia. The attainments were re ported as good — v Programme fairly taught. Pro gress satisfactory." Discipline good. Records properly kept." Forty-one children were pre sented, and attained the average of 7&£ per cent., showing an improvement on the Last examination, with a greater number present. Mr and Mrs Dempster have only been in charge about ten month, and the results they have obtained at this their first examination must be satisfactory to them and ihe parents generally. A widow, named Mary Anne Bailey, late of dunes, has lately been discharged from the Bal larat Hospital incurable. She bos two children, aud is unable to support richer them or herself. Subscriptions on her behalf will be thankfully re ceived at this office, and also' by Mr Hosking, 1 town missionary ; Mrs S. Ke&st;, Sturt street ; and : by Mr W. Shirra, at 5 Bridge street. \- We «ee -that tbe ItalisnX>pera Company, wbidh are to appear in Ballarat next week, are drawing crowded houses at Sandhurst. We shall be happy to answer 'L Enquirer's letter if be will call upon us at this office. It wonld not be judicious to reply to bis questions in print. 1 " Messrs OTsrrell and Son will apll Messrs Young and MtGuigan"s plant by aacLkm at tbe Upper Gong Gong to- day, commencing at half- past eleven. The sale will start with the horses, and then follow on according to the catalogue. We have received from Mr George Robertson, of Melbourne, a copy of Mark Twain's latest , work, entitled " The Mississippi Pilot." It is written in Mark Twain's best and most racy style, aod de serves to command a wide circle of Australian readers. A temperance meeting was hplri last -night -in the Primitive Methodist Schoolroom «Lo Lyons street, and waa very well attended, Mr Allen being in the chair. An excellent programme, in cluding addresses, singing, was very well ren dered,' Mrs and Miss Carnell presiding at the har monium. ,At the close of Xh a meeting fifteen per sons signed the pledged Tbe annual meeting of the Galatea Cricket .Club, to have been held last night, was adjourned until some day next, week in consequence of the smallness of the attendance. What is described ss the inaugural lectnr? jn connection with the Ballarat Rowing Club wiQ be 1 delivered to-morrow. The advertisement, which appears elsewhere, is, however, ilentrboth on the ; sobject of thelefcthre and where it will take place. Tbe Railway Department invites tenders this morning for the construction and erectioo of an irOTfoofcbridge"at the Ballarat "Weat""aS'tioTi. Particulars will be. .found -in our advertieing columns. - We have received 24s 6J, which was collect by Miss Fiizsimmons of Yendon, for- Benevolent Asylum. Messrs OTkrrell and Son w3iaetl4he publicans' booths for the Bongaree races at their horse bazaar, Armstrong street, next Saturday morning, at half -past eleven. A meeting of pointers and paper-hangers will be held at tbe Unicorn hotel tqoETOw evening, st eight o'clock. : It is not generally known (says the Bendidb Advertiser) thst &ne.w; industry hu been started at Kangaroo Flat by Mr W. B. Fox, whirii should the sympathy and assistance of all cricketers. The industry referred to is the manufacture of encket balls, and, judging from a sample of the. local article, tbe mate has t>o tied to fear competition with either 11 Duke" or " DaA," <W-any other celebrated manufacturer. The cricket balls made by Mr Fox have been tried by a num ber of cltibs, aud are spoken of in the highest terms. , The following telegram from Sydney appeared in Bight's Herald?—' Another terrible' tragedy u .reported from Bonrke, which 1 place was the other day startled by the shooting of two con stables. In this instance ajeamater, named Leahy formed a diabolical plan'te' poison his daughter' but it foiled. In consequence of the warineaa of tke girt, and Leahy then, in his chsgrip at failing in his inhuman purpose; deliberately poisoned ium- scir, ana died in great agony." The TeUgraph understand, that two Victorian M""' / £S"un Be"® Oc&atree; and Mr Melbourne J. M Nurnara, were admitted to practue in New, Soutb Wales, en tbe 22nd inriant,fcvTft Supreme Court of that colony. A, these Jntfe! men hare Utely .etkrted praeti? inSDiJuir ro V- «Ch " lo" of "'Ctoria a. of New &nth; a not more eo, thor Application for adffijssuin ire. granted, bnt we hdiere the same privilege will not be extended to other Victorian "Cept OD usual ex- Now that the eumtper mtmths are irniMrt,;.,.1 , an order (says the' Grtong PMhl ih8Unl been msde by the 11 ' totgemite rM prtreteanf the force mnst pro ride thetnrejves with joe- oyercoata, known as "long to" 7e l"4 fluubt, very desK t.SOl'be 11 " the jtjuguc. iney wul be found awkward and burden- fwlJ,hT,hTeU to T that «><= Hot- J. G 04 h" tormer ill-' was much "ening, however, Mr Frsnei, Lwie' 0f Pl',Iroy- is acting as "Tsmatta Lunatic Asylum, to brit ffii.to England by the next EnRU«h mi,; Cresswell-. pu,.?e Jj u j- Jfea@S#tendB to telegraph OH rif v New South Wxia asking for penmssion to take Crro. « ! ddir to Ehylani Ip aonseqnence of certain . circulated in reference to the dbcinlir be manigement of the Fentridge SioA.S11"1 in « t-ody. ("7" the At9ue) hare «u following statement to Mr Call, tL % spector- general " Sir,— We, te..'?®' i chief, senior, and ordinary warden. with great regret small articles in tii cd&tUnlng; false stalteients wiih tton in the .fnrce, hereby peraonallr deT««- allegations, as we are aware no sicS, 111 let .existexaept in one -solitary case, hare no sympathy." The document t 1 signatures. .The Maryborough Advertiser i, three of Mr Lauder", greyhound. poisonsd.- Ony:flf them was. the cejJ".'<st rGnrdon, who won the cup given bythT 1 of the Maryborough and CarisbrookCouJ"3 at the conclusion of the last season eery Taluable. and their death will Pm .loss to Mr Lauder. e (Wet The following new insolvent- s,. . the Geeloruj Advertiser) was filed" wtfc trar on Tuesday afttrnoou Alerant storekeeper and grazier, at LethhriJe/'r.N of insolvency— Losses through caul.' . dying and had debts.. Liabilities assets, JE2195 4s lOd ; deficiency, liolS li, l?5'1 The Sandhurst correspondent 0f writing on Tuesday night, "Arcbll'i11 I committed, about midnight on SLindav "ow? at Ibe Fortuna crushinz vorku at Xe; property of Mr George Laniscll. wht.n plates, .containing, it is estimated, shout ot gota, were stolen. The vtgilanue of the wanAmsn who is enjploves, alter Abe plant; "and although the td exerting JhcntselvEs in ;the matter, on dT? 51 yet -been obtained as to the perpetratnri " -'-The' -jSfaiW/ c/u oniele savst— <>7, i very good, authority, that a VepresentssJ ' .bTtinr-xiriglaooriog -riactoratea i- UksrW a ' from Parliament, «nd that bi-fore W hi. J28 t. ivill be handed in. It i, snPp0& \- arduous work the repreaentatiun entsQi the unsatisfactory natore of public lile'u rresent, has resolved him to take this '"i1 "dedto 81 Uborty t0 nime the "Flaying at ghost" may be s ray amusement, but it is s mischievous snjL® one. Yet, according to all Rccmn;s Maryborough Advertiser), some fellow i« Dsv'" habit of masquerading in certain portion, j? town, dreveed in a white sheet, fur lhe puri frightening people. T2je fellow was seen hu? young lads, who were so scared that thev ta2 and ran all the way to Blncher'E Rft.f -K he is pUying ia a dangerous one, ss my J? Is'Iiable to receive an ounce of lead throuTS from some adventuroufl hunter after ghosts 