THE LAST OF THE VALOIS. On the banks of the Loire. The bright river gleaming in the sunshine, and rolling through the arches of the ancient bridgeover* whioh frowns the great castle of Ambolse—not yet deformed by tbe builders of Louis the Great, but rejoicing in a wealth of architectural beauty; the Btern Norman features of the stronghold throwing into relief the florid riohness of the Renaissance. AS the sun descends, steeping the lofty castellated rook in crimson and purple—at the close of .this glorious July day of the year of grace1559—the little bright-eyed, black-haired girl, gorgeously dight in a dress stiff with gold and pearls, Knows little of the terrible event whioh has left her to be the plaything and the tool, by turnB the prey and the lure, of Catholic and ^Huguenot, of mother, and brother, and hnsband. Her father, the great KingTJenry the Second—name forgotten einae, were it not for a certain beautiful kind of pottery—has fallen a victim to the luckless lance of Hontgommery; and France is left in thaweak grasp of a gentle, smooth-faced lad known to historians as Francis the Second, and oelebrated, poor boy 1 for nothing, save as having been the first husband of Mary Stuart. The little girl at Amboise has been a pet of '.her handsome,-sad-looking father, and of her long-headed mother, Catherine de Medici. In the'old happy, days of triumph, while .the. victories of Metz and Calais, aud sucoesseB in Italy, made the French king deem himself a thunderbolt of war, Henry oftrimes , dandled hie daughter on his knee, and adced her why •he preferred of her little playmates jthe youthful Guise to the bonnier Buauprcftu—a question fiilly answered in later and sadder dayn. Unluckily for the little girl, she is pretty, anJ, luckily or unluckily, is clever. Fated to be the last of the intellectual raoe of VHIOIS, she is second to none of them in tbe accomplishments of the time. Skilful instructors are opening her mind to tbe literary masterpieces of antiquity. Unhappily, her school, if brilliant, is far from pure. The taste of the court of Catherine do Medici is formed on tbe model of M. de Roneard, whose ditties are over-much given totbepMBion of love. A change comes over France as the little girl grows upward. The writings of tbe rollicking author of Pantagruel, and the bitter satires of the Men-is of Ronsard, have raised A storm soon to break in a crimson showr. Persecuting Frang iis. gloomy Henry, and poor little Fran9oi8 the Second are gone, and under i he rule tif the livid, hectic youth, CharleB the Ninth, with his smooth face and snaky look, the " taint of Hueuenotry" has spread fur and wide. Little Marguerette, who has been brought up "bouue Catholique," undergoes all kinds of persecutions at the handB of her brother, the Due d'Alet^on. who, " infected" with Protestantism, burns her old-fashioned bookB, and leads his poor little.sister a dreadful life. Tbe court of France is really playing a double game, tbe queen-mother being tbe reigning Bpirit. On the oue hand is orthodoxy—and the whole power of the House of Lorraine— hateful to the Valois. Against orthodoxy and the Guises skilful Catherine covertly encourages the chiefs of the Huguenots, aimiug to secure by this Maohiavelisn policy the predominance of the Crown—not to be accomplished till three-quarters of a century later by the genius of Richelieu. Little Marguerite grows npnee iu theBe troublous timeB, increasing in beauty nnd tbe consciousness thereof. Long before there is any question of marrying her, there are rumours that she has faithful servitors— lordliugs who wear her colours, and enjoy the reputation of possessing her affections. First among theBe shines, in all the bravery of court favour, the handsome Balzac, d' Entraigues—the " bel Antragnet"—dainty minion of Marguerite's brother, the Due d'Anjou—a slender, graceful man, with delicate, well-cut features of quiet concentrated expression; one of those Belf-contained men, full of courage, vice, and intrigue, who have left their names in letters of blood on tbe page of the Renaissance; a dandy, too, of the firBt water, shaved and curled, perfumed and essenced, till he sheds an aroma of gallantry arouud him—a dangerous admirer for a young princess of volonic tendencies. But his web is soon spun, as he, with Qu^lus aud others of tbe same type, follows his master to the kingdom of Poland. The reception of the Polish ambassadors is made the occasion of a brilliant ffite, at which, of course, Marguerite is present iu a woudruun dress of velvet incarnadine glittering with spangles, blazing with precious stones; her head—already decked, alasl for vanity— in one of the "dainty blonde wigs" that she loved to her dying day. The raven locks are hidden, and tbe hazel eyes shine out under a remarkable head-dress, also of crimson velvet, decked with feathers, diamonds, and pearls. A very beauteous Marguerite indeed, and soon furnished with a new lover—no other than her early playmate, the Due de Guise— the dark-visaged, scarred oce ; the famous soldier who, when threatened, said proudly, "They dare notl" A well- matched couple this, " le Balsfi'^" being anxious to wed a daughter of France. Guise, backed by the whole power of tbe papacy, is strong enough to break oil' the projected marriage between Marguerite and the King of Portugal, hut is forced to bend to tbe policy of the queenmother. Catherine will not see the hated houBe of Lorraine, already, to her mind, far too strong, strengthened yet more by another alliance with a daughter of France. It may not be; and tbe handsome lovers are advised that their destiny is different. Tbe scarred one, terrified by the menaces of the king, marries at once a handsome widow—the PrincesB de Porcian—who gives bim no little trouble as lime rolls on. Hapless Marguerite, like another, but by no means spotless, Ipbigenia, is destined for another fate— foreshadowed at a famous meeting on the confines of France and Spain. Never wag a ffite more brilliant than this held to celebrate the interview between Queen Elizabeth, consort of Philip tbe Second, her mother, Catherine, and her brother, Charles the Ninth. The Island of Aiguemeau on the Adour has been metamorphosed into a fairy palace, surrounded by lofty trees, under which lurk snug parties of ten or a dozen, the .royal table at one end of this sylvan palace being elevated on a dais of four steps of emerald turf. Around these tables hover attendant shepherdesses, dressed in satin and cloth of gold, in the costume of all the various provinces of France. Asi the state barges, draped in costly stuff's, emblazoned with tbe royal device, approached the island to tbe Bocnd of Bweet instruments, and the song of mermen and mermaids, the island shepherdesses dance after the manner of their respective province!—the Poitevines, to the skirling of a bagpipe; the Provengales, to the' claBh of cymbals; the Burgundians, to the piping of-the oboe; tbe Cbampenoises, to the fife and tabor; the Bretonnes dancing the most vigorously of all. Danciug over, there enters a band of'musical satyrs and lovely nymphs, but " envious fortune being unable to endure so much glory," a heavy storm, accompanied by a deluge of rain, descends upon the fairy isle, soattering the gay company, and driving them to their boats for shelter pell-mell—a retreat giving rise to many comical adventures, and more queer stories of the general confusion of partners. One couple, however, is well matched, but they hardly laugh, these two, nor is their apparel so bravely decked with bright colours and sparkling gems as that of the giggling dames and forward gallants who hurry to the water-side. Neither of these seriouB persons is of French birth. The woman, large-eyed and large-nosed, is a genuine Medici; the man is lean, haggard and ascetic- looking, wearing a face as the face of Don Quixote. These two have come to an understanding— the woman having at last yielded to her com panioifs energetic remonstrances. Catherine de Medici and the Duke of Alva have decided on the destruction of the Huguenots; not yet for a little while— till the suspicions of watchful Jeanne d'Albret are quieted for ever, and " my plump Madge" shall catch them all—her charms proving very lime-twigs to the accursed hereucs, and her gentle voice as the whistle of the fowler. Plump Madge" declares herself not averse to the Portuguese marriage soheme, which Guise and Philip the Second contrive to strangle between them, but secretly plots to secure her alliance with tbe Lorraine prince, till the news of biB wedding with the PrincesB Porcian awakes her from her dream of love and ambition. Her fate is already decided by the stern mother, who plays her children like pawns'on a chess-boird—so long as they permit her. She had an easy reign over poor gentle Franjoia, but sullen, wayward Charles is more difficult to deal with. The grim plot, arranged to the sound of fife and tabor on the island iu the Adour, is not to be communicated to bim on any account till it is ripe for execution. Meanwhile, the queen-mother urges him to strengthen his owu handB by marrying Madge to the young King of Navarre—the son of Jeanne d'Albret and Antoine de.Bourbon—a prince with "more nose than kingdom," the famous ancestor'of long lines of Icings. His chance of the Frenoh crown looks remote enough just now, h t for between bim and it stand three brother! of the Valois—Cbarles, Henry, aud Franjoin, Due d' Alcnfon—butBtrong-minded Catherine has one weak point; she is superstitious to a fabulous degree, and is aorely troubled by tbe horoscope of Navarrese Heury, which declares that he will " reign in France." Superstition nnd worldly wisdom are both served, by Becuriug tbe fox-faced Huguenot as the husband of Madge. Charles is not sorry to acquire an ally of bis own. Between biB mother and the Guises his too-powerful relatives—and hia rebellious Calvibiatic etilijcct, she is often lathed into tits of ungovernable fury, and bitterly bewails that no human being luves or caree for him, save only geutle Murie Touchet. As is his wont, this wild hunter of beasts aud men, once seized with a project, pursues it to the end with savage vehemence. But there are obstacles to be overcome—obstacles to the furious will of the Most Christian King. The Pope, still occupying the centre of the European Tapestry, is horror-struck at tbe proposal to wed a Catholio princess to a heretic leader, and the consent of the Pope must be gaiued, for Henry and Marguerite are, in a fashion, cousins, and undoubtedly within the limits forbidden by the Churoh. The Pope refuses ' dispensation, and, moreover, sends his cardinal nephew to dissuade the king from hiB monstrous project. But another counsellor haB the ear of Charles—one singularly out of place in the giddy court of Catherine -a grave, sud-visaged gentleman, the famous Admiral" Colliguy, who is quite won over by tbe arts of tbe Italian, and is anxious to pacify France by marrying the "fox of B£ nil" to " plump Madge" quickly as possible. A valiant and skilful soldier this admiral, but over simple-hearted and truthful to contend in political intrigue with the professed students of the Florentine. Carried away by the real sincerity of tbe king, and the pretended heartiness of the Due d'Anjou and the queen-mother, the brave old warrior persuades Jeanne d'Albret to join the court at Blois—gay, brilliaut Blois—the summer palace of Frangois I., with its great exterior staircase and ancient hall of the estates. Blois is especially joyful just now, glancing oquettiBhiy down on the smiling Loire. Its quaint streets and lofty, narrow staircases are swept by the " vertugadins" of merry dames aud damsels—for it iB the humour of the strange Italian that all should be bright and mirthful around her, as if to intensify the the darknesB within. While forming the centre of her bright bevy of dames and their circumambient gallants, Catherine loves a joke, and is no bad hand at quip and crank, merry conceit, and highly-seasone'd repartee. But when the fete is over, she turnB from tbe gorgeous figures which wave to and fro on the arras, and bending her steps towards, a remote part of the ancient castle, after climbing many- stairs, reaches tbe lonely turret projecting over the church of St, Nicholas. It is the observatory employed, not with any scientific purpose, but purely as an instrument for interrogating the obstinate stars which persist that Henry of Navarre will "reign in France." The Queen of Navarre, who, reluctantly enough, has come to tbis giddy court at the entreaty of the admiral, is grievously shocked at all that she sees and hears, for the language of the court dames and gallants is happily, new to the Puritan Jeanne. Billingsgate and St. Giles's are names that couvey but a faint idea of the 'joyous remarks" aud the " pleasant sayings" current at Blo:s in this bright springtide of 1S57. Feted and QaresBed by the king and his mother, wary Jeanne yet fears to bring her son to a place horrifying to every sentl ment of decency. More difficulties arise. Catherine wishes the wedding to take place at Paris according to the Catholic rite. Jeanne objects to the mass, and insists ou the ceremony being performed in some city ICSB inimical to the Huguenots. Pending this debate Pope Pius V. dies, and is succeeded by Gregory XIII., who displays more flexibility than his .predecessor, but yet hesitates, till Charles loses all patience, and tells the Queen of Navarre one day, " My aunt, I honour you more than the Pope, and love my sister more than I fear him. I am not a Huguenot, but I am not an aBS. If the Pope plays the fool too long I. will take Madge by the band myself, and se8 her married in full conventicle." Just as the marriage oontract is Bigned the Queen of Navarre dies—some say of pleurisy, others of poison—but nothing is now allowed to impede the ceremony. The scene changes to old Paris—not the PariB of St. Louis, nor that in which luckless English Henry was crowned " despite of foes," but the Paris of the ruthless Renaissance. The castellated dwellings of the Middle Ages have developed into the hotelB of great seigneurs—fortified more or less, and crammed with gentlemen armed to the teeth. A strange mixture of splendour and squalor this good city of Paris. Tall gabled houses nod towards each other over narrow streets ankle-deep in filth, with no approach of drainage save an open gutter. Gloomy passages and dreary alleys slink from the light of heaven. Thieves abound, .though what they find to steal is a mystery, as after dark no honest citizen ventures abroad, lest he should be waylaid and plundered by the professional robber, or killed, out of pure joyoUBneas of heart, by the gay gallants iu search of adventures. The gallant is ae unlike the person depicted by writers of romauoes and operas as can well be imagined. He ie splendid, but by no means clean, for the silken hose which adorn his nether limbs have previously been worn for a week or two by his inamorata, that they may comfort him the more, nnd awake his mind to deeds of chivalry. He by no means Hinge his cloak around him'and issues forth armed only with his tfusty rapier. Not he. The gallant. on tbe way to a rendezvous is in his fashion a prudent man. Beneath Tiis doublet of seitin, slashed with the colours of the lady of his lurks, for the better preservatioil of organ, a finely-worked shirt of mail. His rapier, of portentous length, is supple' mented by a long, left-handed dagger. Before him walk pages with flambeaux, and a stout man-at-armB, pike or arquebuse iu hand. Behind and with him come two or three, or, if he be a great man, a dozen trusty friends to see him through his adventure. TheBe chivalrous times are curiously practical when seen in contemporaneous tapestry. That terrible seeker of amorous adventures, the young King of Navarre, never stirs out of his room to perambulate the long corridors of the Louvre, where he is as yet only a guest, without a pikeman, for the way iB short from the boudoir to the grave. The thing known as fair play is not yet invented, and man smites his enemy when and where he can take him at a disadvantage. The atmosphere of Paris is heavy with rumours. There is talk in council aud ruelle, and strange conferences are held between, mighty chiefs of the faction of the Guises aud the provosts of the great guilds of the good city of Paris. Apart, aloof from these, the Huguenots shiver in their fortified hotels, for there is a scent of blood iu the air, and'the chiefs unvanquished in the field talk strangely of being led into mousetrap. And yet these wary warriors have come hither on an occasion more fitting for 'eilken favours than buff jerkins. They are bidden to a wedding banquet. Henry of Navarre, still in mourning, has arrived iu Paris, in the early days of August, at the head of a gallant train of eight hundred gentlemen, the flower of the 1 Huguenot nobility. On the seventeenth of the month the betrothal takes plaoe at the Louvro. Oh the following day the marriage is celebrated with "maimed rites" by tbe Cardinal de Bourbon. A strange scene. - Not within the cred fane, but outBide the Cathedral of Notre Dame, a huge Btructure has been erected of wood, carved and hung with cloih " gold. • Henry of Navarre—hie mother two nntbs dead—lays aside his mourning, aud appears with his eight hundred gentlemen brave attire of velvet, satin, and cloth of gold, strangely pinohed and slashed in tbe! latest mode. Marguerite herself—splendid and conscious of her splendour—" dressed in royal robes, with a crown and bodice of' ermine, glittering with the jewels of the regalia, aud the royal mautle of blue, with, four ells of train, carried by three princesseB." Plump Madge, looking very handsome and triumphant, to be made a wife and a queen last—albeit to a husband whose neighbourhood is unsavoury to those of delicate, noetrils—people shouting and crowding to suffocation, white the bride hears mass, and ber husband waits outside. Then come fcites nd dances, jousts aud junketings, masques aud merry- makings, thetbells of Palis ringing out a merry peal—prophetic enough to some sharp ears of the tocsin of St. Germain Auxerrois. Captain Blosset—a Burgundian Huguenot, distinguished by his valiant defence of Vezelay against the Catholic army—calls one morning on the admiral, and asks permission go home. " Why," asks Coligny, " why are you in such haste 1" " Because they mean no good to us in this place." " What!" shouts the admiral, do not you believe we have a good king ?" " Too good! -Too good to us by far 1 That is why I want to go away; and, if yon would do as I do, M. l'Amiral, you would do good to yourself and to the cause." It is impossible to keep the sharp Burgundian, who takes to horse aud away. Hardly is be clear of Paris, than Maurevert's pistol- shot reaches the doomed admiral. Angry remonstrances and many threats are made by the Huguenots, and, at last, tbe king is told that he has no option, that his enemies are delivered into his handB, find that he may not let them go. This is a fearful time for a bride'in the first week of her boneymoou. Everyone whispering, none telling ber anything. SuBpicious Huguenots avoiding her because ehe is Catholic. Citho licB keeping their lips cloBe, because she haB married a Huguenot. Left to herself, she creeps iuto the ceremony of the " coucher" of the queen-mothor, and feeling very lonely and wretched, Bits down upon a coffer beside her sister Claude, Duchess of Loraine, also very, very sad. The two young women sit, hand in hand, silently and wretchedly enough, in the great dimlylighted room, hung with tapestry depicting the martyrdoms of saints. At last the queen-mother perceives Madge Bitting sorrowfully with her Bister, and commands her to go to bed. As she makes her curtsy, her sister Claude seizes ber by "the arm, aud, weeping bitterly, cries, " Oh, God I my eist'er, do not 1" Madge iB more frightened Btill, till Catherine flieB into a passion and forbids Claude to tell her anything. The Duchess of Lorraine then flies out and declares that her sister shall not be sent to the sacrifice; that the Huguenots will revenge themselves upon her. Nevertheless, the old queen ie firm. The absence of Madge would give rise to suspicious. Her place is with her husband. Driven from ber mother's presence, she seeks ber husband,.whomahe finds already in bed, Burrounded by thirty or forty zealots of his party, talking loudly of the attempt to assassinate the admiral, and resolving, the next morning—alas 1 for them, that next morning—to demand of the king that justice shall be done on the. Guises, as otherwise they will " take the law in their owa hands." ThuB passes a night sleepless and of utter misery, the wordBof her sister Claude ringing ever in Marguerite's ears. As day breaks, her huBband rises to go and play tennis till King Charles is awake, the weSry woman tells her nurse to close the door, and sinkB into a feverish sleep. The awaking is frightful enough. There is loud knocking at the door aDd cries of Navarre I Navarre 1" The nurse, thinking it must be the King Henry, opens the dour, when in rushes a man streaming with blood, with arm and shoulder cut and slashed, and clings to tbe young queen—as frightened as he. Four archers 'pursue tbis M. de L£r.m into the very nuptual chamber, and are only restrained from killing their man by M. de Nancay, captain of the guard, and a right merry, jovial gentleman, who laughs heartily at the comical picture of tbe wounded man holding fast to " plump Madge," and his four bloodhounds eager to tear him down. These worthies got rid of, jolly M. de Nancay remains with Marguerite, and "while she changes her dress, being all covered with blood," telle her all about the merry jest in action this fine August morning. First he grants her the life of M. de L6ran, whom she stows away iu the dreBsing-room till hia wounds are healed, and- then quiets her fears concerning her husband, assuring her that he is safe enough with the king in his cabinet, where, by the way, is also the Prince de Cond£—the king offering the choice of " masi, death, or Bastille." Covering Marguerite's shoulders with a mantle, pleasant M. de Nancay tells her not to be alarmed, that they are only killing all the Huguenots except her husband, and conducts her to the chamber of her sister .Claude, where she arrives " more dead than alive." Just UB ehe steps into the antechamber, she sees another gentleman pursued by the archers, and struck with a-halberd within three paceB of her royal person. Without, make themselves heard the rattle of arquebuBades, tbe olash of swords, the triumphant yell of the white-scarved crusaders, and, now and then, the defiant roar of a knot of old soldiers who, despite chains and barriers, pike and gun; cut through their enemieB and get clear off, while above all tolls the great bell of the church of the Auxerrois, Another fold of the tapestry shows us Marguerite and the "kinglet" her husband, prisoners rather than rulers, as ornament to the court of Charles and his successor, Henry —quickly returning from Poland at tbe news of hia brother's death. There are schemes to effeot the escape of the "fox of Bearn,". but they are long unsuccessful, costing : also I the lives of Coconnas and Li Mole—regarded, perhaps, with too kindly an eye by Marguerite, Then comes the famous hpnting-party at Senlis and the escape of the husband, Marguerite being still at the court of Henry IIL— out of favour,, too, with husband and kingly brother, and plotting with the Ducd'Alencon, her younger brother—but yet the ornament of society in the best period of the Renaissance. A period of charming costume and of culture excessively elegant, when compared with all that preceded it. Yet, with all this beauty and elegance, the' age is full of savagery. Tbe famouB duel 1 of the mignont will bear witness to this. .It is true their hair is frizzed, the beard plucked from their soft chins, their ears *piercsd and jewelled, and their ruffs so vast that the head of a mignon ''resembles that of St. John the Biptist on a charger;" but they are always' ready with the steel, and die violent deaths almost to a m&n.; So does their master, who, 'with'all hiB vice and effeminacy; his look of ineffable Weariness and-aborn, his masks Hined with almond paste to preserve hiB complexion, hu love of female attire—" black satin slashed with white, puffed aqd pinched, laced and frilled "—-hia hair dressed in two arches, it la Marie Stuart,hirblackened eyebrows and face painted, is yet brave as a lion, as the red fields of farnac and Monoontour can testify* The Queen of Navarre is, for the time being, greatly smitten by the splendid figure of Louis de Clermont, better known as Bussy d'Amboise—the favourite of her younger brother—one of the ablest captains, and oertainly the greatest swaih-buckler, of his| time. All the time he can spare from lovemaking be devotes to quarrelling and fight* ing. The ^king's " miguons " are the particular object of his attack. He misses no opportunity of insulting them 'both by word and deed. He loves to dreis his own lackeys as richly as the king's, favourites, and to go himself in attire of the severest simplicity. Marguerite's too susceptible heart is oocupied by this paladin, who wears her colours—to wit, green and gold, white atad violet— opeuly. Bussy comes to court from the wars covered with glory, meeti Marguerite on her return from a journey to Spa, and delights the heart of that princeis, whose undisguised admiration of him is a fertile subject for those Baroaatio young gentlemen—QuSlus, Saint-Luc, Livarot, Mangiron, and Saint- Megrin. To do BusBy j ustice, he is abundantly provided with wit—not of the delicate, highdried kind, but. rough and full-flavoured, strong military wit, as it were. Two or three attempts are made to assassinate him, but in vain. Impunity makes his tongne wag all the faster. Handsome, curly-haired 'Qu41us— daintiest and bravest of the "mignons"—is his especial butt, never spared either before the throne or the altar. At last things come to Buch a pass that the king, insisting on a formal treaty of peace, compels the two enemies to embrace in his presence, but only provokes from Buasy.one gf hisjadd gtrokqp of buffoonery, . Nevertheless, the quarrel is patched up for a while, Bussy, and other friends of tbe king's brother, leading a joyous life with the royal mignons, whose, life is one perpetual feast—merry, indeed, as it need be, for fate has decreed that it shall be short enough. The court is on the best terms with the great citizens of Paris, who give entertainments three or four times weekly. Lent is given up to these amusements, which prove too much for a worthy churchman—the Cardinal de GuiBe, better known as. the " Bottle Cardinal"—a fine specimen of gourmand and gourmet, "who meddled with no other matters than .those of the cellar and the kitchen, Vhich he understood very well—fifc . better than those of church and state." A few more bright threads in Marguerite's web of life, and then all is dark in hue and coarse iu fibre. The king has determined to establish, or rather, to revive, the Order of the Holy Ghost—to found an order of knighthood in honour of his siBter. This Order of the Holy Ghost, new to France, dates from the year 135'), when it was founded at Naples by Louis d'Anjou, King of Jerusalem, a descendent of the brother of St. Louis, whose statutes ore extant, and came into the possession of Henry at Venice—a gift of the Serene Republic to the King of Poland. It is the first day of the new year, 1970, and' the. ceremony of inauguration is celebrated with great pomp in the church of the Augustines, magnificently decorated for the occasion. The chevaliers and knights-commanders are gorgeous to look upon. They are clothed in a. barret cap of black, velvet, pourpoint, aud trunks of cloth of silver, shoes and scabbard of white velvet, a great mantle of black velvet, embroidered round- with fleurs-de-lys in gold, with tongues of flame intermingled, and the king's cypher in silver thread, the lining of orange satin. Over this mantle, instead of a hood, they wear a mantelet of cloth of gold," also enriched with fleurs-delys, tongues of flame, and, cyphers like the great mantle. The collar of the brder is formed of the king's and Marguerite's cyphers, interlaced with fleurs-de-lys and fiery tongues. From this hangs a cross of gold, of marvellouB work in gold and enamel, in the middle of which is a white dove—the emblem of the Holy Ghost. A great grief now oppresses Marguerite. The career of Bussy comes to an end. Fight- . ing appears to agree with himj but letterwriting brings him to grief. In a moment of confidence he writes a letter to the duke, bis master, telling him that he is in pursuit of the " doe of the king's grand huntsman." The duke—false aud fickle ever, and just now very weary of his too active partisan—shows the letter to the . king, his brother, who detesting Bussy, reads it aloud to tbe grand huntsman himself—Charles de Chambre, Count of Montsoreau. This gentleman . hies him to his castle, of Montsoreau,. near to Saumur, and compels his '.unhappy countess to write, a' .letter to'' .Bussy, inviting him to visit .her thf^e. ' Arriving at midnight, , he is. ^si^iled! by Montsoreau and a dozen bravoes,, anfl after a . desperate combat, fought:out-as Jong as A hit of his sword remains in the t hilt, he is finally slain, after killing several ofhifl (assailants. Marguerite, inconsolable for a while, rejoins her husband at his little court at N6rac, and, allowed to act as ,she.pleases, is the most oomplaisant wife in t^e.ffwld, {But,.as Henry of Navarre devslopet ipto Heni^y of France, he determines to divorce " plump Madge,'' now more than plump—with great f^t cheeks, enormous shoulders, and goggle eyes set in a bald pate, crowned , with a golden wig, shorn from the skujls of a "score of blondelackeys." No longer resplendent at ,the great court of Paris, or the Uttle:One of Navarre,, she keeps Btate, sorely, straitened for OMh at times, at the Castle .of TTssbn. "Tears, luxurious and inglorious, pais; by, and again the last Of her lace .descends.'upon..Paris; no longer a wife, but divorced, and taking it in such good part, that she is prssent at the. coronation of her successor—Marieda'Mediai."Eighteenyeara have improved ^.neither :.$he looks nor. the morals of the ex-queen, who livesin grsat splendour at,her palace in the Rufe de Stine. But she is true to her de«tiny, and'!brin(js death to the favourites. of her old .age, as to the lovers of her' youth. Bewigged and bupainted, the .old woman lives.outran existence divided betweendeyotion and dissipation., She outlives all—parents, brothers, husband and lovers—and dies " greatly regretted as a princess, full of goodneis and good intentions, who only did harm to herself. ' Saint Denis claims her body,, but her heart—still at lastis deposited at the; Convent of the Stored Heart, of which she was founder. - Thus, in the year 1615, fades but this notable figure of .the last daughter |of a royal house—famous and infamous as that of Pelopa. 