LATE EUROPEAN NEWS. Melbourne, Monday. The Whampoa arrived here from London this jnorning at 1 o'clock, making the run from port to port in 43 days 8 hours. There are over 300 passengers aboard, and they are all in good health. The steamer brings English files to tho 2nd J une. Passengers for Sydney. — Mr. A. W. M. Lees, Mr. Henry Scott, Mr. R. Walker, Mr. and Mrs. George Stott ; Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Mme, two children and servant ; Mr. Arthur Blunt, Mr. ' and Mrs. Henry Wange ; MissE. E. Gibson, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Tiarks, five children, Mr. C. Alison, Mr. Francis D. Kite, Mrs. Hfc garth, Miss. Annie Haygarth, Mrs. Wallis, Mr . Hepburn, Miss Jane May, Mrs. Napier and 2 chi-dren, Mr. Phillip Napier, Miss Edith Napier. Sirs. Raymond, Miss Mary Raymond, Mr. Percy Raymond, Mrs. Sleigh and servant, Miss Annie Sleigh, Miss Owen, Miss Howell, Mr. H. Hart, Baron Von Beust, Dr. and Mrs. A. IC. Morson, child and servant, Mr. George Michael, and 119 in. the second cabin and steerage. The following is a summary of the news brought by tho Whampoa. GENERAL NEWS. London, May 30. Captain Hume, late in command of tho Immor tality, of the detached squadron, has been dis missed the service by a sentence of court-martial for conduct unbecoming an officer and gentleman. The Duke of Cambridge reviewed 14,000 tnen at Aldershot on the 27th May. There were in addition 2000 horses and 46 guns ou the ground. The ' Army and Navy Gazette' states that in case a cavalry corps is sent abroad, the Household Brigade will form a part of it. Her Majesty it is reported, has purchased the extensive forest of Brooklyn, adjoining Balmoral, from Colonel Farquharson, of Invercauld, it possesses the largest area of natural-grown Scotch lira in Scotland, the size, beauty, and symmetry of the trees being unequalled. An international British celebration of her Majesty's birthday has been held at St. Peters burgh, Virginia. It lasted three days. There was a very large gathering, every British assoccia tion in Canada and the United States being repre sented, and Americans exhibited marked sym pathy. Inconsequence oftheEnglisli Press Conservative, Liberal, and Radical, with singular unanimity condemning the action of Marshal MacMahon in dismissing Mi Simon, papers havo been subjected to a censorship on entering Franco, and thoy are delayed several hours. Princo Bismarck's return to Berlin, almost im mediately after the dismissal of the French Cabinet, was looked upon as an indication of speedy action against France. Tlio change is re garded as bringing the Ultramontane party into power. He has since proceeded to Kishingen. It has been stated that Marshal MacMahom in tends resigning if another Republican Assembly is elected. The Ambassadors of Austria, Germany, and Italy arrived at, Constantinople on the 17th May. A gross act of treachery on tho part of Russia was noticed by the Berlin correspondent of tho 'Times'. A man named Krysinski, a leader in the Polish insurrection of 1803, who escaped applied for leave to return. In answer, he was invited to come back. On doing so, ho was tried and sentenced to banishment in Siberia. He made his escape, was caught,- and tried a second time and shot. Kepovts havo been received of a conspiracy having been discovered among the Circassians in tho Russian army. Several ollicers have been un mercifully shot. Lieutenant-General Sir Collingwood Dickson, R.A.jK.C.B., has been appointed military adviser to Mr. L lyard at Constantinople. Colonel Porter, R. E. , has beon sont to Kars on a special mission, to report on the war in Asia Minor. Lieutenant-General Sir Arnold Kimball has re turned to Greece from Kars, and is staled to havo expressed his opinion that the Turks cannot hold hold out lou:;. A largo number of gentlemen who havo sorved in the British army are about entering the Turkish army, and it is thought, that tliey will make their presence fell, as did their predecessors in 1844 Mil 18-15. The dato of the departure of tho Czar from Biwkharest is purposely not made known. Tho frequent accidents on the Roumanian railways has fjivun rise to a fear that a conspiracy to cause his death is afloat. Advices from General Loris Molikofl', received at St. Petersburg, state that tho Mussulman popu lation have |riscn oi nut/me since tho proclamation '-? the fetwa by the Sheik-nl-Islam. General j lieschuft, it is imid, has been compelled to retreat i before the Circassian insurgents. According to a'i'illis telegram tho Russian garri / son of Suklioum Kaleh, after the destrnction of tho place and fort, rotircd to tho forts and block liouso of Macamba, on tho heights to tho north east, and havo been reinforced by tho battalions of riflemen from the Kuban, and regular field and mountain batteries. Notwithstanding theso re inforcements an attack made on the Turkish positions at Suklioum ICaleh, a few days ago, seems to havo been completely unsuccessful. The Russians were driven back with loss, leaving a considerable quantity of arms and ammunition on the field. Tho .natives of Abkasia as well as tho Circassians aro, it is stated, now in full insurrection. Tho Sultan has ordered 20,000 revolvers to bo purchased out of his privato purse, and distributed among the insurgents. The son of Schamyl, Mesmed Pasha, has gone to join tho revolted Circassians, and it is announced from St. Petersburg that the other son of Schamyl, who is established there and holds rank in the Russian army, has gono to the Caucasus, no doubt to uso his influence, or rather tho weight of his name, with tho mountaineers. Tho effect produced by the insurrection in the Caucasus, the Vienna correspondent of the ' Times' says, seems to be all tho greater in Russia as it was quite unexpected. All accounts previous to the war were such as to excite no approhensions about a possible rising there. The race between Boyd and Higgins was rowed in tempests of wind and rain, and the river was lashed into angry roar. As Boyd was known to be suffering from an attack of boils, the betting was strongly in favour of Higgins. A clear lead of two lengths was gained at the start by Boyd, who from that moment held the race secure, Higgins not having a ghost of a chance against him. Altogether it was a hollow affair. The ' Daily Telegraph' commenting on the race says there was a space of at least 200 yards between the men as Boyd went under Barnes' Bridge ; and that he could havo won by a quarter of a mile is unde niable had he not judiciously slackened his pace ; as it was, Higgins, who showed an utter inability to contend with rough water, was about 20 lengths behind at the finish. Boyd won in 28 minutes 24 seconds, by Benson's chronometer watch. With tho stakes of £400 and the scullers championship, Boyd also took as a challenge trophy, the hand some cup given by the proprietors of a Newcastle paper. It is very likely that Boyd or Blackman will go to Australia and there compete with Trickett, who last Juno easily defeated Joseph Sadlor for the Thames championship, but declined, before leaving England, to row with Higgins. The following account of the sinking of a second Turkish ironclad in the Danube is telegraphed by the special correspondent of tho ' Times' at Buck harest : — ' One of the most daring deedB ever recorded in the history of warfare was performed on the Lower Danube, near Ibraila, on Saturday morning, May 26. A small detachment of Rus sian soldiers, commanded by Lieutenant Dubas chiff, left the northarn shore of the Danube in a number of small boats, and proceeded towards tho point Petra Fetei, below Matchin, and opposite [bralia, at which point there was stationed a large Turkish monitor. The night was very dark, and they managed to surround the monitor beforo being discovered by tho Turkish sentries on board. They were challenged, and ' who goes there' rang out on the night air. Major Murgesen replied in Turkish, 'friends.' Tho Turks evidently not satisfied, commenced firing in the direction of Matchin, not knowing where these boats were. During the firing, several of the Russian soldiers, under the direction of Lieutenant Dnbaschiff, plunged into the water, swam silently to the hull of the ironclad vessel, and placed the deadly tor pedo in close contact with the bottom of the moni tor. After the destructive machine had been securely fastened and the wire of an electric battery had been accurately adjusted, the men retired to the neighbouring shore of the river, and at half- past 3 in the morning the monitor was blown into the air, with all tho officers and crew. The explosion was terrific ; and as nothing is said of the crew being saved, it is supposed that all on board perished with the vessel. The cool determi nation with which this enterprise was carried out, speaks for itself. The fate of the second Turkish monitor already sent to tho bottom of the Danube with all on board, shows how futile is tho expecta tion that gunboats can maintain the mastery of a river lined with liostilo batteries, filled with enemies as resolute as the men whose deeds are recorded above. The name of the monitor des troyed was tho Dar Matrin.' 