ODD NOTES. ST A .BOSSMLAN. The Polynesian ,will soon lie as big a parlia mentary nuisance as the " distressed squatter used to be.,...For.many years in succession, while wool, bides,J and tallow, were low in* price, a considerable portion of each session of Parliament was devoted to wrangling over a " Squatters Relief Bill." Sometimes these bills wotild get passed in one shape or other; some limes they were rejected; but whether passed or not the . next session brought its Spuatters Belief Bill alljthe same. They were not called by that name, but that was what. they, aimed at. Now that the "distressed squatter" is choked off, this irrepressible Polynesian is torn, ing up for everlasting. Employers of Polynesians and advocates of tbat kind of labour assure me that I do not clearly under-, stand the question. It iB more than probable -they are right. But whose fault is that, I should like to know ? I do not lay claim to any more brains than myneighbours, but I can see as far into a* millstone: as they can; and how can a fellow understand the question.in the way they put it P .First, of all, they claim foe their brioved. Polynesian that he is a free agent, comes of. his own accord, makes his own bargains, knows exaofly what he is about, and ought to . be placed onthe same footing as other -aliens .who come here.' If you only as much as 'hint .thai tinge of slavery., about there is a nasty this labour and its employers its defenders irill bo ready to jump down your throat/before you\can/get your mouth well open. But at the same time they will candidly admit that special legislation is required for:the protection of these men, as they are . savages who do not understand our, language* at all, or understand it very im perfectly ; that they are ignorant of our manners' and customs; are heathens, and therefore incapable .'of giving legal evidence in a court of law; and are utterly at the mercy of their employers "unless special legislation is j resorted to. These Polynesians are all men ! who cannot acquire; the rights of citizenship ifv they..;-wished, and : they do not wish. They ! consume, no t dutiable articles, land j therefore* do not' contribute - anything to the revenue; they do not require the services of draper, grocer, butcher, or baker, except to an;infinitdssimal extent, and r spend most of their earnings, in firearms, ammunition,| and cutlery: of a particular kind; and, pattern. Then it is'asserted that the'sugar industry cannot be carried on without thbin; as it will not pay ...to employ*, white men at that work. .Yetj'whon I: say that if sugar'cane cannot be grown here at a profit by white men, it; is not an industry worth* making any fuss about, these samo Polynerian advocates hurl at my head the enormous sums which have been in vested in this industry, and ask me, with bitter smiles, if I would'wish to see all this money lost ?! I tell1 them it is not what I wish, hut what is possible under the circumstances; which is the real question at issue, and they say it is nothing of tho . kind. It is very olear to me that if these people are right on* the subject, I must be wrong; but I am far from being convinced of the latter fact. That is what is the matter with me. I have no money invested in.tho sugar industry, and, between our two. selves, I do not wont to see tho waste lands of this colony shared up among a few "boss" proprietors with nobody but huge gangs of naked savages for labourers. That does not come up to my idea of-British colonization.', ; ; . Thore must bo. a ;screw. loose somewhere about tbis Polynesian business. . I don't pro tend to bo able to put ray finger on the oxact defect, hut there is a defect somewhere, depend upon it. ' I read in a Maryborough paper tho other* day a long account of the two Polyne sians who -were hung: for having,. on , the clearest evidence, committed a capital offence on a decent married woman, and nearly lolled;, her with tomahawks afterwards. Among other things recorded in the local paper was fhe>. following:— The Eex, Th.os. Holme bad frequently V.ritod George . within thelaat fewdaya, and: had the natWactionof " knowing that he died penitent, and belioring that ho was forgiven. George bod been taouht a little prayer,. Lord have mercy uponr me,1' and this he frequently repeated, as if by so doing be gained consolatiOQ. George's spirits seemed to revive, and bo looked for ward hopefully, Mr. Holmo tolls us. from the moment when the reverend gentleman told him- the'story of King David, who had committed adaltery, and then— to shie d himself—murder; crimes even worse than those for which George and Tommy were to Jay down their lives. King David, when he bad seen the error of his ways, confeised his Bins, and henceforth ' was known as a " man alter God's own heart." I should like to know on what grounds Mr. ■■■."> Holme " had the satisfaction of knowing " thai this man " died' penitent/' and what were George's reasons for "believing thai hi» . sins were forgiven." The littler prayer. seemed to have been used by George as a sorb : -T of white-fellow's charm or incantation, and •'* 'not as a deep earnest appeal for mercy through a crushing consciousness of guilt. Tnaieafl of being made to understand that he deserved ■ . his punishment for breaking the first and most sacred law, human and Divine—he was told ... that he was nothing like so bad as KingDavfd, •-.»* If the truth could only be known, it is just as likely as not that the most vivid impression left ' . / on the mind of this poor savage from the religious instruction imparted to him, was that • . he was a very ill-used individual—taking all - ' the circumstances into conmderatioa. David was not hung for his crime, but died peaceably ; I in his bed as a king, through being allowed timo to " see the error , of his ways," while poor George, the South Sea Islander, had' no such chance allowed him. Ton see that lesson . about King David,, if the fellow really under- ■ stood it clearly, did not apply in his case, - - - David did not maltreat Bath&eba; and then . nearly murder her with a tomahawk. -I deny that David was anything like aa- . bad as Tommy and George. But it ■■.r- ■ i David had been bung for the crime, ■ George; | might have been made to see the justice of his ^ own sentence. That, at all events, is how !the • thing strikes me. . ; . . ... | 1 should not care to have the editing of the < " Daily Hansard" as at present, issued. The ' editor don't have a ghost of a chance. Members '■■■.; of the Assembly con peck and nag athim and hisworkasmuchastheyplease,andhehasnoop-;• portunity of defending himself in his own paper. o He cannot" hit back." This isnot fur. He/ ' ought to be allowed, say a column and ahalf/,*, each day, for comments of his own, on the sub-.;/ jects discussed,and the manner in which it was • done. The newspaper editors have this privi-v: >. > lege, and they thoroughly appreciate it; so do- : the members of the Assembly. The criticism to which they are thus subjected does them all'' ',]] the good in the world, and they are generally pretty careful about attacking a newspaper, editor on that very account. He speaks to ia" larger audience than the strangers1 gallery, " and, if he knows his business, is quite able to ' take core of himself. If he is unjustly orun reasonably attacked by a legislator in Parlia* merit, and is not able to give as good as ha ' gets—why he just pockets, the difference, and says nothing about it. If the editor of the ' "Daily Hansard" had the same privilege,'.^,, members might then indulge their critical T; powers on him and his work to any extent they thought proper. 'Besides, it would have this - ' further1 effect, the public who bought 'and ' read the " Hansard " would thereby be supplieA.(* with an authoritative standard of critids® which .they now lack. The Editor would; - he able 'to tell Ms readers where: members7 were right and' where they* were wrong, and the political education of the people,.would be. facilitated amazingly. -As it is now, there are only the speeches, or an . abstract'"of the speeches, given, and 'members - - can, get up and deny having made such speeches ; ifthey "don't like the look of themnext morn ing. There is nobody to contradict them/cr"';' show to'what extent, if any, they are in error. , v_ I" do hope the Parliamentary Printing Com* .. mitteo will seriously consider my suggestion. It seems that I owe an apology to the mem* * hers of the Queensland Turf Club for the re* ^ marks I made last week with respect to the sale and purchase of the copyright of the "cr'kt ' cawd.". I am always ready to apologise when I find I am in error, because nobody is ' infalliblo, you know. Weil, I apologise about the "cr'kt cawd." I am assured, on reliable' ^ authority, that Mr. Bramstcn did not purchase i the monopoly of tho sale of this card for his own benefit, but was acting for the dub. This ' dub . of. sporting gents have no confidence in the honour or honesty of printers,. and pah* licans who wish to erect booths, and .other, persons from whom money can bo made at race ; - times; so, while they submit to sale by auction. ' the privilege of Belling race' cards, occupying ground with booths or stalls, and the like, they s. resort to tho taotics of the Bondon mock*auo* >. tion marts, and tell off one of their number to run up tho bids to the utmost possible extent^— and yery.ofteu they aie.run-up.so high that it is riot,;worth anybody's while to risk.such a, , figure, in which case tho member .of the club who is bidding gets tbe thing knocked down to himself. But'be does not realize any pecu niary benefit.' He. generally^ hands . over tbe thing to- the neat highest bona Jld* bidder if that person is content to accept it at the price, and if not he makes the best bargain he I know sporting gentlemen require'to keep a 'very sharp look out to avoid being swindled, and it may be that this arrangement for ranning a "decoy duck" at the auction •ales of theirs is absolutely necessary in order to secure the fair market price for what they have to sell. Sporting cannot be carried on on the same principles as ordinary business. Anyway,'-1 am glad to" be able to pnt myself right with my readers. on the subject of the "cr'ktcawd" monopoly. The committee for providing the funds for a peal of'bells'for St. John's Church- keep "wiring in '' most indefatigably. That is a model committee for worming the money out of people's pockets in novel ways. The excur sion to serenade His Excellency the Governor was a splendid success, and now they are going to give a morning concert at a guinea a ticket, which promises another good hauL Anyway, I am sure the committee will have no cause to reflect upon themselves fornothaving tried every possible mode of making it successful. The last move in this direction was a trump card. As it is pretty well known that some persons who can well afford it are as a rule backward in sending along their guineas, the Bells Com* mittee persuaded somebody of great social in fluence to send tickets to all these people. They can 6caroely have the cheek to return the tickets, but will send the guineas instead, whether they go to the concert or not. See the little move i Is it not capital ? I bet my money on that Bells Committee. 