? ? ? ? during the previous fortnight, was brought to a olose. It has been the most successful one ever held in Sandhurst, and the fruits of it cannot fail to produce a lasting and beneficial effect upon hundreds. Every morning and evening during the mission St. Kilian's was crowded with devout worshippers, and the discourses of the talented preacher were listened to with the greatest attention and reverence. Many who had not approached the sacraments or attended Mass for years did so upon this occasion. These results are very gratifying to the Eev. Father Crane, who has been indefatigable in his zeal for the spiritual welfare of the people, and for promoting the honour and glory of God, and in trying to awaken those feelings of sorrow and repentance for past sins, of love and devotion towards God and their neighbour, which were exhibited during the continuance of this mission. He was working from seven a.m. to eleven at night, and was assisted in hearing confessions by the other priests after the services in the evening. On Sunday morning the whole congregation received Holy Communion at the first (eight o'clock) Mass. At eleven o'clock Pontifical High Mass was celebrated by his Lordship Bishop Crane, assisted by the Revs. Father Murphy, assistand priest; Father Carolan, deacon; Father O'Connell, sub-deacon ; and Dr. Reville, master of ceremonies. The sermon was preached by the Eev. N. Crane, from St. John xiv., 26th, " But the Paraclete, the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in My name, he will teach you all things, and bring all things to your mind, whatsoever I shall have said to you." He briefly, yet clearly and eloquently, spoke of the effects which the Holy Ghost, the Comforter, would produce on the souls of those who received His visit in the Sacrament of Confirmation, with the necessary dispositions. During the past two weeks the HolyJSpirit had been infusing His Graces in abundance upon them;. the dews of heaven had fallen upon their souls, souls which had been estranged from His divine spirit had again been cleansed, purified, and sanctified by the workings of the Holy Ghost. It was well for them to consider the need they had of this divine comforter, how much they needed Him as a physician and protector, to guard them against the enemies of their souls. His graces were, or would be, infused into the souls of those who had or were about to be confirmed. In confirmation they became strong and perfect soldiers of Christ, able to withstand tbe persecutions of the enemies of God. The Holy Ghost would pour a balm into their souls which would relieve them when most depressed; trials, sorrows, and persecutions He would turn to the benefit of their souls. If afflicted with bodily aliments, the first thing they would do was to seek a skilful physician, and expose their complaints to him; so in spiritual matters they should go to this physician, who alone was able to heal and comfort them. God alone could cure their souls, and raise them again from a state of sin; like a loving Father, He watches over His children, and even when they have inflicted fatal wounds upon their souls, He heals those wounds aud brings them again into a state of health. But they must first seek God; they must not set their hearts upon creatures, for the love of creatures separated them from their Creator unless that love was purified by the Holy Ghost. Their bodies were temples of the Holy Ghost, and they- . were told, "If any man violate the temple of God, him will God destroy." These were terrible words, for the temple of God was violated by him who committed mortal sin. Guard, then, against this, and pray to the Holy Ghost to keep, them in a state of grace. Be faithful to the resolutions they had made, that the Divine Spirit might abide with them, and that they might despise the world and. be happy for ever with Him in heaven. After the Mass had been celebrated, his Lordship the Bishop administered the Sacrament of Confirmation to about 250 children and adults, and after the ceremony he addressed those who had received it in a few suitable words appropriate to the occasion, and impressing upon them the obligation resting upon, them of keeping themselves pure in the- Bight of God, and faithful children of' the Church. At Vespers there was an immense congregation, the whole church beingdensely crowded,.,even, the vestry and within the altar rails being filled. Long before service began the place was filled to overflowing.- Father Crane preached the concluding -sermon, of > the mission. <The text wasjfaken from St. Matt. xix., 17, " If thou wilt enter into life, keep "the ' commandments." ' • Th6 preacher dwelt' at' length upo|'%he * nature-Jf! fhe ,la;wsy&cb;^.Jhad'^yen for,the gviiq.~ 'anise J of j, 'map^iaire',.'which sbpfild *Jjje' je^vejl in ^I'^^.^jj'aifflm^tffl, sad flhould i>e observed with fideffir. Thesa laws were written, upon two tables of Btone, and he asked the congregation to listen attentively while the Bishop read the first table of the law, viz,, that relating to their duty towards God. The Bishop then read the first three commandments as given in the Book of Exodus, after which Father Crane explained the nature of each commandment, how it should be observed, how it was.violated, and the means they should take to guard against future infractions of these heavenly precepts. And then the Bishop continued to read the seven commandments of the second table of the law—the law relating to their duty towards their neighbour. These he also explained at soine length in a similar manner to that in which he had treated the preceding commandments. He then alluded to the mission which was about to close, and to the ceremony of the renewal of their baptismal vows which would immediately take place; and he called upon them, in the presence of God and of His holy angels, in presence of His Immaculate Mother, in presence of the saints, and of their pastors, to profess their belief in God and in these holy laws, their determination to observe them faithfully, and their resolution to renounce that wicked spirit, the enemy of their souls, with all his works and pomps. The congregation then stood up and lit their candles, and holding them aloft, repeated after the preacher the vows made in baptism, and their resolution to renounce the devil and all his works and pomps. The effect of the vast number of lighted candles was truly grand, and most beautiful and impressive. The singing of the choir, at both the morning and evening services, was, as usual, most excellent. The conclusion of the mission was an appropriate one, the beneficial effects of which, it is to be hoped, will prove lasting and efficacious. At Echuca a large brick residence will soon be commenced for the accommodation of Father M'Gillicuddy and the other priests of that parish. Mr. Brady, of Sandhurst, is the architect. 