NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. Mr. R. D. Fitzgerald, Deputy-Surveyor, General, whose beautiful work on "Australian Orchids" lias been so creditable to the colony, has received a most flattering letter from Professor Ruclienbach, the greatest living authority on orchids. The Herald states that Mr. William Davies, in consequence of another candidate Uaviug already appeared in the field for the representation of Goulburn, thinks it right to state that on a vacancy occurring, he inteuds to solicit the suffrages of the electors. The Botirke correspondent of the S. M. Herald states that the son of the aboriginal king of that district is only 11 years of age, and already weighs 15 stone; he has Herculean limbs, and is exceedingly intelligent, but is afraid of a photographic instrument, and consequently his portrait cannot be taken. The bell for the Wagga Convent arrived in Wagga last week, and will shortly be placed in the position which it is to occupy. The diameter of the bell is three feet, and the weight 1200 lbs. It bears the inscription " Sacred Heart Presentation Convent, Wagga Wagga, 1876." in addition to a representation of the haq) crowned, and shamrocks, and a representation of the Sacred Heart surrounded by a crown of thorns. It was manufactured by Murphy of Dublin. There io at present (says the Mcrcitry) on exhibition in the show rooms of Mr. Moore, auctioneer, High-street, Maitland, a slab of cedar. It is fifty-two inches broad, with clean edges, showing, that they were far from the bark. It has a splendidly even surface without faults, but where it came from is not positively known, but rumour says not thirty miles from Maitland. It is also said that there is any amount of the same juality and size to l)e found in the same locality. On Monday, the 2.9th ult, says the Hay Standard, a three-year- old child of Mr. Eugstrom's was missed from amongst its youug companions, who were playing on the river lmnk near the water's edge. Search was made in the neighborhood, and in the river, by means of diving and dragging, and the body of the child was picked up between the steamer Burrabogieand her barge, as it floated down stream yesterday afternoon. It is supposed that the unfortunate child slipped or fell into the water unnoticed by its companions. The amount of revenue derived from the sale of Crown lands in the Hay district will be startling in amount at the end of the year, if the receipts continue to be as large as those of the past few months, and, notably, those of the past week. During the week ended 0I1 Thursday last (says the local paper) over £33,000 were received at the Hay office, including £6109 12s. Oil. for deposits 011 land sold on Wednesday, and £27,070 6s. 3d, for balances of purchases previously made. It is not unlikely that £1,500,000 will be forwarded from this district during the current twelve months, to be spent in and around Sydney. Still (exclaims the Central Australian) we have to endure an intensity of heat almost sufficient to freckle a blackfellow, and to cook our food without the aid of fueL Although we have bad a few showers during the week, the parched nature of tbefground very soon obliterated all traces of the downpour. Vegetation of every description is being parched up, and the water in most places is beginning to fail. Two travellers from Eungonia inform us that they had to travel 50 miles without water—rather an unpleasant situation if they had not started with well filled water-bags. The poor dumb animals are the sufferers, with the thermometer up to 120 degrees. The Rod'Jiwmpton Bulletin states that a gentleman from Broadsound states that some anxiety is felt there at the non- return of a man named Joss, who was left alone on one of the Percy Islands, about fifty miles distant from St. Lawrence, about three months. Joss is a carpenter, well known in Rockhamnton, and it is reported that his object in proceeding to the Islands was to apply for one of them as a timber selection. He was accompanied by three other men in a boat, and they shortly afterwards returned to St. Lawrence without Joss, reporting that he hod chosen to remain on the island. Nothing has since been heard of him. At Fred. Meads's wine shanty, North Bourke, this morning, says the Central Australian of the 27th January, a fight ensued between two men named Denis Lynch and Richard Wormsley, both of whom were undfir the influence of drink. At the second round Lynch fell to the ground, and, on the bystanders going to him, he was found to be dying. Dr. Browne was seut for, as also the police. Dr. Browne, 011 examination, pronounced the man to be dead.' Sub-Inspector ICeegan, Senior-Constable Prior, and Constable Buchan, were soon on the spot, and arrested the prisoner. The body was brought into town, and an inquest will be held this afternoon. Deceased is about 50 years of age, prisoner about 26 years. The Gootamundra Herald reports that on Sun day the 28th inst., the coach, after passing Cuimning's Hotel, about seven miles south of MuiTuinburrah, was descending a hill, when a shepherd boy, who had been sitting on the fence at the side of the road, thoughtlessly jumped iroin bis perch just in front of the coach-horses, which took fright and sheered off the road. A sapliug lying in the way caused the coach to unset, when the passengers were thrown out with considerable violence. Master John Barnes, elde^t fionof Mr.' Edward Barnes, of this town, in leaping hie Beat on the box, had his ankle sprained-; wi a yonng lady who sat by his side was thrown pn ^ head ana sustained a fracture of the skull, ppicb, fp is feared, may prove fatal. She is now lying ,in a precarious state at the tfeiuondrillfi Hotel. Tjif IjWty, yfa are informed, was on her way from Melbpjirjjp j^r brother's at Young. An elderly Ifldy [mm?* SWJafaed a slight aJtfMfon of the Wp* »nd^illp'CC»jiflh>5iMi, who held 011 desperately to stfee thrown, was dragged some distance and stunned for a while, but sustained no further dauiRge. The horses succeeded in breaking away from the coach and galloped towards Murrumbumb, where the malls for Sydney missed the coach in consequence of the accident. Mr. J. F. Francis, whilst proceeding to Mount Oxley, on Sunday week last, discovered a man lying apparently dead in the bush near Moculta Station. Upon examination, says the Central Australian, it transpired that the poor fellow was dyin", having been four days without water. Mr. Francis having refreshed him with the contents of his water-bag, proceeded to Moculta Station, where the manager, Mr. Robinson, kindly lent his buggy and the assistance of two of the station hands to convey the unfortunate fellow to the hospital, where, upon his arrival, Dr. Brown attended him, and we are happy to state that he is quite recovered. When Mr. Francis found him lie was too weak to raise himself from the ground, but he had previously placed his hat ou the road, and torn his handkerchief into strips, which he fastened to trees in the vicinity, trusting that they might attract the attention of some one passing. The Riverine Guardian, a journal published at Moama, relates that on Sunday, the 21st January, "it was amusing to see the thirsty souls of Echuca, travelstained, entering our quiet township to obtain the creature comforts which their liberal Government denied them. Among the rest, and perhaps more noticeable, was the exportation of dinner beer that took place, for even in spite of the XXX ale which the philanthropic landlord of the Bridge had offered to supply on Saturday in bottle, guaranteed to keep any length of time, the billy was put in requisition, and a close observer could notice many, whose Sunday roast wanted the hop to season it, plodding across the flat with something carefully concealed in handkerchiefs, &c.;, which we have been told from good authority was to contain "a shillings worth of beer." In connection with the above the same ournal reports that a meeting of the Echuca lotelkeepers was held at the Victoria Hotel, Hare-street, on Friday week, to consider what action should be taken in reference to those clauses of the new Publicans' Act which affect Sunday trading. Resolutions were earned, pledging those present to rigidly close their houses on the Sunday, and appointing a vigilance committee to see that such was done. At Deniliquin, on Friday week, an inquest was held on the body of a child named Maude Field, and from the evidence there is every reason to believe that the cause of the death of the little girl was by being butted by an infuriated ram. From the evidence of the father it appeared that she was sent to mind some sheep, and not returning he went to look for her ; during his absence the deceased was discovered by her mother lying insensible, and the father at once brought the child to Deniliquin. A post- mortem examination was made by Dr. Clarkson, who found that below the lower jaw there was a large bruise, due to an injury during life ; the lower lip had been bruised and bleeding—a few light scratches on the face, caused before death ; on the top and slightly to the right side was a Large bruise, and a quantity of extravasated blood; also a slight bruise with extravasation at the back of the head ; between the dura mater, and lying on the brain, he found a clot of blood the size of a pigeon's egg ; the bones of the skull were not fractured ; the cause of death was, in his opinion, from pressure on the brain from extravasated blood, resulting from a direct blow inflicted by some blunt hard object; there had evidently been three distinct blows on the head ; the injuries were of the character which would result from the butting of a ram. Mr. Charles Evans, ot Acland Farm, near Toowoomha, supplies the Brisbane Courier with an account ot a terrible hurricane, which passed from south-west to north-east over bis farm, on January 18th, with such force as to terrify all who were on the spot at the time, and strange to say only extended over a piece of countiy about one mile long by half a mile wide. No one felt the force of the storm (says Mr. Evans) but ourselves, and people outside the half-mile did not know that such a hurricanc had passed so close to them. Some of the largest trees on the farm were torn up by the roots aud acres of land in our paddocks were covered with branches. In less than a minute the barn was partially unroofed, four sheets of iron were blown off the dwelling-house, one outbuilding was turned upside down, standing on the roof, with the butts of the corner posts in the air, and these posts were morticed into heavy sleepers. Two stacks were twisted round, with the ends that had been westward turned nearly due north, and capsized, and the heavy pelting rain and hail making them a complete dungheap. Everything loose about the place was snatched up and hurled away with such force as to shatter them to pieces, and two or three empty cases were split up like matchwood and blown away. The saucepan-covers were blown out of the skillion at the back of the kitchen, and taken from fifty to one hundred yards away. Large limbs were blown up against the fences with such terrific force as to split the posts and shatter the rails into splinters, and the whole farm was a sorry wreck in less than n minute. The roar of the wind was awful, nud the whole affair something that will not be forgotten in a hurry. Two years ago this very month, and within a few days of same date, the train was blown over near Camboova. I was in that train at the time ; and most fortunately the by-train to Warwick on Thursday passed by our farm just twenty minutes before the hurricane passed. Had it been twenty minutes late it must have shared the same fate as the train two years ago. On Thursday, the 25th ult.,sorae men in the employment of Mr. T. W. Hammon, of North Junee, found a skeleton of a man upon the run. A magisterial inquiry upon the remains was held by Mr. Hammon, aud from the evidence adduced Jjt ^eavs that they were those of a man between 40 and 50 years of age. There were no marks of a struggle about the spot, and the bones were together with the exception of a portion of an arm which was a short distance away, whither it had robably been dragged by a native cat. Seceased had evidently lain down upon his The side and died quietly where the remains were found. The side of the face exposed was sun-dried, the skin presenting the appearance of parchment. The only clothing found ou the remains was a striped undershirt, moleskin trousers, audjxwts. No evidence could be procured as to the ^rjntity of the deceased, but it is supposed that he wandered into the bush and perished while suffering from the effects of drink. The Government have issued a series of regulations, pursuant to the Gunpowder and Explosive Substauces Act, in reference to the storage and transit or explosives. The regulations, 47 in number, relate to the management and control of the magazines, and the storage and custody of explosives; the importation and exportation of explosives, and the precautions to be used in conveying them; flag to be used as a danger signal j the removal and carriage of explosives by land and water; the size ana description of boats to bo used in transporting explosives by water, and the manner in which such boats shall be constructed and fitted up { the storage and removal of explosives for public works or mining purposes ; the duties of inspectors of magazines, and miscellaneous. Those interested in the sale or use of explosives would do well to obtain a copy of these regulations. A little child not yet lour years old, a son of Mr. Thomas Hillier, of Cooleman, was found last week (says the Gundagai Times) by G. Dowsett, junr., in the Micaloug ranges, alive and well, after bring lost ia the bush ten days. It seems on last Sunday week two elder children of the Hilliers left their little brother Charley about a mile or a mile and a half from home, to wait for them while they headed back a flock of sheep under their charge. Then child then wandered, away, and up till Monday last about thirty persons, including the police, scoured the country without success, believing at last that the little one must have perished in one of the numerous wombat holes thereabouts. As the child was barefooted no one supposed he would have crossed the sharp stony ridges which led to the spot where he was found, about 4 miles distant from his home. Singular to relate, the little fellow appeared none the worse for his long exposure (and 011 Monday night there was a smart storm), for, on being taken into a house,* he innocently asked for some pudding, the loss of the Sunday "duff" had no doubt embittered his first night in the bush, and was still in his mind. It is supposed that the child subsisted on wild cherries and other edible berries which are plentiful in the locality. The joy of the parents and the family at the recovery ot the lost one is better imagined than described. Mr. Wiseman Wilkie, Secretary to the Peak Downs Hospital, and Town Clerk of Copperfield, has been committed for trial on a charge of feloniously converting to his own use a cheque or order for £12 lis. 6d., the property ot the Treasurer of the Peak Downs Hospital. Sub- Inspector Dvos proved the arrest of the prisoner under warrant at Copperfield. Mr. Davidson, manager of the Bank of New South Wales at Copperfield, and Treasurer of the Hospital, produced a cheque the subject of the present charge. Dr. Candiottis, surgeon of the hospital, stated that he gave the cheque produced to the prisoner as Secretary of the hospital, on 5th Januarv. The amount was £12 lis. Gd., and it represented one half the gross proceeds of Mr. Ashton's benefit performance. Mr. Mullins proved that he cashed the cheque, giving Wilkie its value. Other witnesses having been examined, the prisoner made a long statement, in which he declared that he cashed the cheque to pay the printing and other hospital accounts. In his evidence, however, Dr. Candiottis stated that no accounts could be paid until passed by the committee. The prisoner was committed for trial, bail being allowed, himself in £200 and two sureties in £100 cach. The hospital books are missing, and the amount of defalcations is therefore unknown. A similar condition of affairs appears to obtain with regard to the municipal books. The arrest of two clerks in the Joint Stock Bank at Rockhampton is reported in the Bulletin. On the 24th January a report obtained currency m town, and unfortunately it was based on soli'd grounds. On the information of the manager of one of our local banks, warrants were issued by the police magistrate for the arrest of two confidential clerks who, as old residents of the town had a large circle of friends and acquaintances. One of them, William Woodd, had, it appeared, made a full confession of his offence, and on being arrested quickly obtained bail and was released. The other, G. J. Surenne, was away from home all day, but was arrested in the evening. It is well known that the pair held for several ycara responsible positions, one as ledger-keeper and the other as accountant, and by that means thev were able to manipulate the bank accounts in such a manner as to baffle detection. For some months past, however, they had been somewhat irregular m their habits, a fact which led to the dismissal of Surenne a few weeks ago. aud the suspension of Woodd. The latter, however, was subsequently reinstated, 110 suspicion being entertained of h,s want of integrity. But in the absence of his confederate discovery was only a question of time, and at length, it is und^ Tpod, a full confession to his s l j S J h e de J alcati T have extender over several years, and are said to cover a large amount. Both men are married, and have families. The thoteA?'" 1 a ' v ? that y° odd app^d before ? t Pf**?* the 25th to answer 3 8 him of i f t r t ^ " ' ' stealing the sum of £90 on the 20th October last. Mr. Rees mand mrtip™ J f ^ bank, applied for SS mand until Thursday, which was granted. GabMci James Surcnne, lately ledger-keeper in the same bank, was charged with emberzling .certaiu moneys, the property of the Australian Joint Stock Bank. Senior-Bergeaut Brannelly gave evidence as to the arrest of the prisoner about € o'clock the previous evening on the Dawson Road and applied for a remand until next Thursday for the production of evidence, which was granted, Both prisoners were admitted to bail, themselves in the sum of j£l50 each, and two sureties in the sum of £75 each. i f\Ve learn by telegram that both,prisoners have been committed for trial.] laying of the foundation stone of the church at Mundarlo took place (says the Qundayai Times) on the 20th ult., and was laid by Mr. W. Bootes, the church to be known in future as St. Peter's. A great many persona witnessed the interesting ceremony, ana prayer* and lessons appropriate to the occasion were read by the Rev, S. B. Holt, the Vicar. The customary bottle was then laid under the stone, and contained a scroll with the following inscription: " In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen, liy the grace of God, the foundation stone of this church, dedicated to the worship of the ever- Messed Trinity, to be called the church of St. Peter, was laid by Mr. W. Bootes, of Mundarlo, on Friday, the 36th January 1677, being the 40th year of tne reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, and the thirteenth year of the Episcopate of the right Jlcv. Mesac Thomas, D.D, Lord Bishop of Goulburn, His Excellency Sir Hercules Q. R. Robinson being Governor of the colony, the Rev. S. B. Holt being vicar of the parish, and Mr. James Tilsley the contractor for the building of the church." In addition to the scroll the bottle contained copies of the Gundagai Times, the Australian Churchman, and the Prot-es- tani Standard» The church, which in its erectiou will cost £291, is to be built of brick, and when completed will afford accommodation for 120 persons, but this amount will not include the plasteriup of the edifice, or the erection of a chancel, neither of which work form part of the present contract. About £25 was laid upon the stone during the cereiuouy of the laying of the foundation. A serious result of the bite of a blaclc spider is recorded in the Raclchampton Bulletin, of the 23rd instant. It appears that about two months since the wife of Mr. G. Retcliless, who resides at Dingo, while carrying a piece of firewood was bitten on the point of her left finger by a small block spider. Mrs. Retcliless took no notice of mishap at the time, but the following morning the fin«cr, which had been very painful during the night, was found to be very much swollen, as well as the hand and arm. A poultice was applied to the wound, but in a few days the in ftanimation and pain was so great that Mrs, Retcliless came to Rockhampton to obtaiu medical adi'ice. Dr. Callaghan lanced the wound, and applied proper remedies and Mrs. Retcliless, after a few weeks stay in town, returned to her home at Dingo. However, after suffering the most excruciating pain for a fortnight, the unfortunate woman had to come to town again on Saturday last. When Dr. Callaghan saw the finger, which was swollen to at least six times its natural size, he pronounced the only way to save the ham: was to remove the finger at once, which was accordingly done, and the patient has been thereby relieved. The following case of horse stealing and the capture of the thief, in the Dawson district, is related by the Bulletin ;—" A few days ago Sergeant Carey, who is stationed at Dingo, missed his honse, saddle, and bridle, under circumstances which iuduced the belief that they bad been stolen. The seigeant was intending to proceed ou horseback for the Dawson, a distance of thirty miles, and, deprived of his »ag r started by train. In places the dray road runs parallel with the railway, and as the sergeant travelled pleasantly along, he espied his horse with a man mounted upon him, leadiug auother horse, travelling in the same direction as the train. On reaching Boolburra, Sergeant Carey left the train, and getting a saddle horse, started in quest of his own steed. He soon encountered the thief, who hastily dismounted, and made for the river, which he swam, and refusing to 6tand on the opposite bank, the sergeant took aim and fire. The shot took effect, but the man escaped lor the time. Sergeant Carey returned to Boolburra, and obtaining help, started again iu pursuit. The u'hole neighbourhood was scoured, and eventually the lugitive was captured at Goganjo, after Sergeant Carey had obtained the help of a black tracks Traced to a scrub, the thief was followed through it for three miles, when, being almost in a state of exhaustion, he was easily captured by the police officer. 