NIGHT OF TERROR. ABB a U appearances deceitful ? Do we live sun rouuded by shadowy ohimeras ? Have oar i V®8 been given us only to deoeive our senses, a°d our senses to keep as in a state of perj. 'etual doubt and delusion ? In the present j. 'rosalo and meohanioal age, it is not diffloult to * ridicule all that relates to the supernatural; \ but many of the most sceptical, after l°D8 laughing at the idea of a visit from tl '°se who have learned the great seoret andi massed into the Bhadow-land, Lave been foroea 1 hy terrible experience to believe and trembl It is more especially in that middle state .between sleeping and waking, when the e weres are unstrung, that the sunBitive brain eeea objects that have no tangible existence, a tad hears sounds that are the offspring of ite I own creation. Terror, remorse, love, and .grief, are the painters who offer their im) mijpable piotures to our heated and unsettled I imaginations; and, for this reason, the belie >f io fantastic visions is by no means oonfi iued to the weak and ignorant. The man, t v?hoee brain is of the highest order, and, oo raeeqiwntly, the hardest worked, is oftentimes more ready to receive the impressions of imaginary or ghostly apparitions, and to investigate these phe nomena with respeot,, than the uneduoated end unthinking sooii !or who jeers at the whole thine as nothi: ag but vulgar supersti tion. Whether the follow iug story, which relates the exporienoaa of a d Jght of torror, will servo to throw any light upi tu tho possibility of a return of phautom 3 wandoring on tho boundaries of auothi ir world, svili depend upon the spirit in whi< sb it is read. Bortrand Barr&re; said, " II n'y a que les morta qui ne revienneut pas," 1 |h bien, M. JBaridre, nous TertQnB. It is many years ago sinoe I set out on n tour through the western highlands of thopt pioturesque oounties Mayo and Galway. U,\ yaoht lay off the little fishing village of Keem, in Olew Bay, from which spot I had made trips to Glare Island, Blabksoa Harbour, «nd all tbe other places worthy 01 interest upon the ooast; and I now deter . mined to hire a guide and pjya'visit ti some o! the inland eoenury. I bad lit&lo; difficulty in engaging Larry Maogobarfcy'f services during my stay on shore j he was au honest lad, with a laughing eye, and all the aptness for repartee and impromptu wit thai generally belongs to his conntrymen. But, as it is diffloult to find an emerald without a flaw, so it is hard to find a man, even though he be an emerald islander, without some slight blemish; and Larry's, I soon dis covered, was an inordinate love of potheen. With my knapspok on my bask, my stiok in my band, and Larry by my side, I set off to asoend the steep sides of the Oroghan mountain, When we started the sun was shining in all its glory, throwing its gold upon the treex and heather. Far below lay the calm unruffled ocean, without one rook or island on whioh the weary sea-bird oould rest its foot between Achil Head and America. In the bay, Clare Island and tbe islets eouM be seen, some dark as jet, others flashing like a smile upon the faoe of the waters. High above towered the hill, its summit olad with a orown of forest land, and its slopes oovered with a rioh growth of wildwood and flowers, interseoted by numerous Btreamlets that rushed down, through the velvet mosseB, laughing to the Bea. Inland we oould see ridges and slopes of gre»n broken only by lakes, peeping from their deep hiding places, whioh spread away as far as the eye oould follow. Tbe hum of big, slumberous, heavy laden, broad-baoked honey-bees, the joyous notes of numerous song-birds, and the silver tinkling of distant sheep-bells, filled the air with Bounds of summer music, and made us linger on our way. A turn in the road brought in eight an anoient tower, whioh Btood on the brink of an overhanging preoipiue like some ragged war beaten sentry guarding the tshores of J his native laad. On approaching the building, it turned out to be an old ruined mill, lonely, dismal, and deserted as the Moated Orange of the Laureate, desolate, spectral, and un canny as Hood's Haunted'House. I wished to pay a nearer visit, hoping to be able to enter the ruiu, but Larry, who was trembling with terror, Bald-" Ah, sure ! yet honour, don't go near it; sure the place is haunted." He then proceeded to relate the story of a murder whiob had taken plaoe there^some years previously. The crime was ol a peculiarly atrooious oharaoter; the son of the old miller had killed him.with a hatobet, for the sake of a small sum of money that was believed to be in his possession, and, afterwards, when the deed was discovered, the murderer, pursued by the enraged neigh bours, oonoealed himself in the mill. Traoked by unrelenting justice, and despair ing of esoape, he flung himself from the oliff, into the foaming waters beneath. From that time the peassnrty avoided the unholy spot, and it was soon reported to be visited by the ghosts of those connected with the murder, ' Surely, I thought, if any orime can recall the dead, and make the place of its perpetra tion aooursed, this is one, Larry tremblingly desoribed the terrible eights -spokeirof by .the village gossips, as being witnessed in the blaokened walls of the dreary mill; the most horrible one being the corpse of ttie murdered man, wbioh, on the anniversary of the crime, was seen lying on the floor of the .upper room, glazed with congealed gore. Deserted and aooursed, the j place Ml into ruins; no one passed it with out a shudder and a prayer for the repose of the old man's soul.9 Without believing in the wild and improbable tales told by the peasants, I felt so muoh horror of this diabolical deed, that we hurried on, glad to be relieved of the influuDoe of the place; and we soon lost, in the bright, sunny aoenes, all memory of the haunted mill. For some hours we continued our excur sion in the neighbourhood, puudng often to listen to the oooing of the wild wood-pigeons and the lays of the blackbird and mintle thrush. As we' wandered inland, nothing was visible but one wide expanse of living verdure, save where the silvery wafers of the streamlets and lakes were seen hidden in the luxuriant mass of foliage j the sunBet oloudB of Italy seemed transported by the hand of some mighty magician to the Bylvan soli tudes of the WeBt; and no soene of nature could have offered a fairer image of Paradise. But gradually, as the evening approaobed, the wind, wbioh bad been softly sighing through the gently waving branohes, began to blow in freshly from the sea ; and the Tippling wavelets, that were dancing upon the sarfaoe of the 'fetters, seemed mo mentarily to inorease in size, Everyone who knows the ooast of Ireland ia aware how sudden are the ohanges--from a gale to a oalm, from a oalm to a hurrioane. In half an-hour the soene was hardly recognisable; the heavy. Atlantio rollers were breaking upon the shore with tremendous violeuoe: flakea of foam oame sweeping over the surging' waters, flying up the mountain Bide, and were carried far inland; the sand was caught up by the wind and sent sleeting aoroas the country, thioker and more intole rable than any hailstones, filling the eyes, ears, and mouth; levelling ditches, over topping walls, and threatening to lay the whole ooastline in one oommon desolation and ruin. Larry, who had oalled at every shebeen on the road, and replenished a whisky bottle, whioh no persuasion could compel him to re linquish, was by this time more than half seas over, and, to make matters worse, we missed the beaten traek and lost our way. " What's to be done now, Larry ?" said I. " The divil a ohe of me knows, yer honour, without ye'd sit here under the rook, and wait till l And out where we are." The rook that be spoke of hung over the path, giving just sufficient shelter for one person; and, as night was oomiog on, and I felt half-blinded by the shifting sand; I oonsented; and Larry, after promising to return quickly, disappeared in the darkness. Left to myself, I soon began to lament my lonely condition, and to abuse Larry and fate for bringing me into such a mess; in this congenial oooupation an hour passed slowly away, but there was so sign of Larry's return; and I sorrowfully concluded that he had either wandered so far that he was unable to find his way baok, or that some aooideot had happened to him; fearing the latter, I resolved to venture out of my lair, and try if I oould find him or discover the lost path. Cautiously feeling my way step by step, I continued to descend the mountain, nearly falling into many of the ravines and precipices with whioh its rugged sides are broken At last, after half-an-hour's scrambling about, my good fortune brought me into the road, nearly opposite tho old ruined mill; here, as I despaired of reaohing the village that night, I determined to tako refuge. ^ After ascending, with some difficulty, tho rough and preoipitous path which led to the door, I entered the building and lighted a email travelling lamp which I always carried in my knapsack. I found the door unlooked, just as the terror-atriokoQ peasants bad left it; there was nothing in the plaoo to rob, and if thoro had been, superstition and fear would have been far better guardians of the house than looks and bolts. The old furniture still remained, but it bad long .tinoe fallen into Buoh a state of decay as'to 09 utterly valueless; most' of the glass bad ueen shattered in the window-saahes; on the Uble lay the mouldering remains of a sapper ieft there by people whose bones bad long nnoe whitened in the grey ohurobyard. Being determined to make the best of a oad bargain, I began to leok round for some thing to' make a fire with, and soon collected plenty of wood from the rotting panelling with whioh the room was surrounded; this! built up upon the hearth, and soon, for the first time in twenty years, there was a bright dime flickering in the old chimney corner. ^ After drying my olothes, whioh had become wet throngh in my endeavour to find tha path, I maie a hearty supper o2 the good tuings in my knapsaok; and, taking a book, I rolled myself up in my boat-oloak, and Iffy down before the fire to try and pass the time in readiDg. But the book that I bad brought with me, unfortunately, was a collection of legends and ghost stories; and, although:I was a thorough soeptio about supernatural things, still I was not altogether free from a certain unearthly awe due to the situation in whioh I wis placed. The rain bad ceased, but it -was still dark; the low thunder rolled incessantly along the hill side, and the -wind moaned continuously through the tossing branches of the stunted oak and biroh-trees. Patter, patter, fell the raindrops from the rafters, and, whenever the wind'sank for a moment, I could hear the solemn dirge that the waves were singing at the foot of the mountain. The influence of the house soon oame upon me, and I could not help thinking of the horrible story connected with it. Just as I was dropping off to sleep, I seemed to hear something like a 1 smothered groan under the flooring;' this sound made the blood sink to my Heart, but 11 determined to convince myself that it was only the wind. Still, when the sound was repeated again, and again, I was forced unwillingly to believe my senses. It was real, and no triok of a diseased and exoited imagination. My fancies began to crowd,into the regions of mystery and night, but, at length, I mustered up my courage, and determined to discover its source. By moving, I broke the spell that hovered over me; I opened the door, and, lamp in hand, I desoended the stairs to the oellar. In the oorner of a dark and dismal vault I saw what seemed to be a luminous ball of fire; a sense of something moving to and fro came over me; thiok mists and dense vapours rose from the dark abyss and hovered round me; so, after hesitating a moment whether to advanoe or retreat, I hurriedly made my way back to the ground floor. Had I not been so terrified as to be scarcely consoious, I should have rushed from the * house; as it was, impalpable impressions appeared to return from long-forgotten graves to visit me. Just as I was beooming more calm, a sound of scratching was distinctly heard at the door by which I entered; had I not been so agitated, I should have thought that it was a dog, but, now, my throbbing brain oould dream of nothing but the supernatural; the room became thronged with shadowy mis* teries; I dared not open the door, and I dared not remain where I was. I tried the windows, but they were barred. Then'I noticed for the first time a small door leading apparently to the baok of the house; with a sigh of relief I turned thS handle, the door opened, and, as I entered a small- room, the first thing that met my sight was aluminous, ghastly, livid light, that streamed upwards from the floor. Hastily retreating, I olosed the door. .There was no escape; yes, there was one. In the oorner of the room there was an old stairohse leading to. the upper room of the mill; mechanically I asoendedit, and entered; with a scream of .horror I started baok. There, sfcrstohed on the floor of the room in whioh the murder had been committed, lay the ghastly apparition of a man; his bair, his face, and his whole body covered with an oozing slime that looked like clotted blood. With fiair standing on end, . I made but one leap down the staircase, the steps of whioh were so rotten that I fell through them and became insensible. When I recovered, the sun was streaming oyer the hills; the storm had oeased as quickly aa it commenced,- and, as I stag gered into the open air, the birds were once more Binging their sweet summer songs. I plunged into the stream that ran past> the door. With the daylight my courage and my sceptioism returned, ind I made up my mind to hunt out the hidden mysteries of the mill. As I re-entered, I saw standing at the top of the stairs, in the doorway, the same ghastly figure, its face and body covered with the same oozy slime. With a shriek of horror, I exolaimed " What in the name of heaven do yon require P" " Half-a-pint of whisky, yer honour, for the bottle'a empty," was the reply; and I recognised the voioe of Mr. Larry Mao* goharty. " You drunken sooundrel, what are you doing here ?" " Sure, sor, after I left yer honour, I fell into the bog, and then I found the o.nld mill; and, as yer honour had been good enough to give me a wee taste of the orater, I plucked up oourage and oame in to rest for the night." Having round my prinoipal ghost, and helped him to eorape off some of the mad from the bog, wbioh I had mistaken for blood, I began to look for my minor apparitions. I opened the little door at the baokj the floor of the room was covered with rotten, fish, and, as fish when in a state of deoay generally throws off a phos phorio light, the luminous appearance was easily accounted for. I then descended the stairs leading to the cellar, and in the corner found an old mountain sheep, who .had oome there to die. He it was whose groans had first terrified me, and it was the reflection of his eyes that had looked like the burning ooal in the cellar. The next day I left the west coast of Ireland, and, when I returned in after years, I found the old building pulled clown j so I never had any further oppor tunity of passing another night of terror in the haunted mill. A LONDONER, seeing an advertisement headed, 11 Amerionn Steam Safe Company," remarked that he was glad the Amerio&DB; bad made steam safe company " WHY did yoa name that old horse Napo* leon?" asked a gentlemen of a negro, whose horse was almost reduoed to a skeleton. 11 Why, marBe, you see it's oaze the bony part is so strong in him," was the ready reply. A STRONG-MINDED woman was heard to remark, the other day, that she would marry a man who had plenty of money, though ha was oo uglv she had to soream every time she looked at him. WHEN is a parson like a postman ?-'When his delivery pleases you. AN old gentleman who had dabbled all his life in statistics says be never heard of bat one woman who insured her life. He accounts for this by tho siugular faot of one of the questions being, " Wbat is your ago ?" " TIIERE ia one thing about babies," flays a late traveller-" they never change. We have girls of the period, men of tue world, but the baby is rhe same self-possessed, fear less, laughing, voraoioua little heathen in all ages and in all countries." 