TALES AND SKETCHES. The Doppelganger. (From Chambers's Journal.) Albert Lachner was my particular frieid and fellow-student. We studied together at Heidelberg; we lived together; we had no secrets from each other; we called each other by the endearing name of brother. On leaving the university, Albert decided on following the profession of medicine. I was possessed of a moderate competence and a little estate at Ems, on the Lahn ; so I devoted myself to the tranquil life of a propriétaire and a book-dreamer. Albert went to reside with a physician, as pupil and assistant, at the little town of Cassel; I established myself in my inheritance. I was delighted with my home; with my garden, sloping down to the rushy margin of the river; with the view of Ems, the turretted old Kürhaus the suspension-bridge, and, further away, the bridge of boats, and the dark wooded hills, closing in the little colony on every side. I planted my garden in the English style; fitted up my library and smoking-room ; and furnished one bed-chamber especially for my friend. This room overlooked the water, and a clematis grew up round the window. I placed there a bookcase, and filled it with his favourite books; hung the walls with engravings which I knew he admired, and chose draperies of his favourite colour. When all was complete, I wrote him, and bade him come and spend his summer- holiday with me at Ems. He came; but I found him greatly altered. He was a dark, pale man; always somewhat taciturn and sickly, he was now paler, more silent, more delicate than ever. He seemed subject to fits of melancholy abstraction, and appeared as if some all-absorbing subject weighed upon his mind — some haunting care, from which even I was excluded. He had never been gay, it is true; he had never mingled in our Heidelberg extravagances — never fought a duel at the Hirschgasse — never been one of the fellowhood of Foxes — never boated, and quarrelled, and gambled like the rest of us, wild boys as we were! But then he was constitutionally unfitted for such violent sports; and a lameness which dated from his early childhood, proved an effectual bar to the practice of all those athletic exercises which secure to youth the mens sana in corpora sano. Still, he was strangely altered, and it cut me to the heart to see him so sad, and not to be permitted to partake of his anxieties. At first thought he had been studying too closely; but this he protested was not the case; Sometimes I fancied that he was in love, but I was soon convinced of my error; he was changed — but how or why, found it impossible to discover. After he had been with me about a week, I chanced one day to allude to the rapid progress that was making everywhere in favour of mesmerism, and added some light words of in- credulity as I spoke. To my surprise, he expressed his absoute faith in every department of the science, and defended all its phenomena, even to clairvoyance and mesmeric revelation, with the fervour of a determined be- liever. I found his views on the subject more extended than any I had previously heard. To mesmeric influences he attributed all those spectral appear- ances, such as ghosts, wraiths, and dopplegangers; all those noises and troubled spirits ; all those banshees or family apparition; all those hauntings and miscellaneous phenomena, which have from the earliest ages occupied the fears, the thoughts, and the in- quiries of the human race. After about three weeks' stay, he left me, and returned to his medical studies at Cassel, promising to visit me in the autumn, when the grape- harvest should be in progress. His parting words were earnest and re- markable: "Farewell, Heinrich, mein Bruder; farewell till the gathering- season. In thought, I shall be often with you." He was holding my hands in both his own as he said this, and a peculiar expression flitted across his countenance; the next moment, he had stepped into the diligence, and was gone. Feeling disturbed, yet without knowing why, I made my way slowly back to my cottage. This visit of Albert's had strangely unsettled me, and I found that for days after his departure, I could not return to the old quiet round of studies which had been my occupa- tion, and delight, before he came. Somehow, our long arguments dwelt unpleasantly upon my mind, and induced a nervous sensation of which I felt ashamed. I had no wish to be- lieve ; I struggled against conviction, and the very struggle caused me to think of it the more. At last the effect wore away ; and when my friend had been gone about a fortnight, I returned almost insensibly to my former routine of thought and occupation. Thus the season slowly advanced: Ems became crowded with tourists, attracted thither by the fame of our medicinal springs; and what with frequenting concerts, promenades, and gardens, reading, receiving a few friends, occa- sionally taking part in the music- meetings which are so much the fashion here, and entering altogether into a little more society than had hitherto been my habit, I succeeded in banishing entirely from my mind the doubts and reflections which had so much disturbed me. One evening, as I was returning homeward from the house of a friend in the town, I experienced a delusion, which, to say the least of it, caused me a very disagreeable sensation. I have stated that my cottege was situated on the banks of the river, and was surrounded by a garden. The entrance lay at the other side, by the high road; but I am fond of boating, and I had constructed, therefore, a little wicket, with a flight of wooden steps leading down to the water's edge, near which my small rowing-boat lay moored. This evening, I came along by the meadows which skirt the stream; these meadows are here and there in- tercepted by villas and private en- closures. Now, mine was the first; and I could walk from the town to my own garden-fence without once diverging from the river-path. I was musing, and humming to myself some bars of a popular melody, when, all at once, I began thinking of Albert and his theories. This was, I asseverate, the first time he had even entered my mind for at least two days. Thus going along, with my arms folded, and my eyes fixed on the ground, I reached the boundaries of my little domain before I knew that I had traversed half the distance. Smiling at my own abstraction, I paused to go round by the entrance, when suddenly, and to my great surprise, I saw my friend standing by the wicket, and looking over the river towards the sunset. Astonishment and delight deprived me at the first of all power of speech; at last — "Albert!" I cried, "this is kind of you. When did you arrive ?" He seemed not to hear me, and re- mained in the same attitude. I re- peated the words, and with a similar result. "Albert, look round man!" Slowly he turned his head, and looked me in the face; and then O Horror! even as I was looking at him, he dis- appeared. He did not fade away ; he did not fall ; but, in the twinkling of an eye, he was not there. Trembling and awe-struck, I went into the house; and strove to compose my shattered nerves. Was Albert dead, and were apparitions truths ? I dared not think — I dared not ask myself the questions, I passed a wretched night; and the next day I was as unsettled as when first he left me. It was about four days from this time when a circumstance wholly in- explicable occurred in my house. I was sitting at breakfast in the library, with a volume of Plato beside me, when my servant entered the room and courtesied for permission to speak. I looked up, and supposing that she needed money for domestic purposes, I pulled out my purse from my pocket, and saying: "Well, Katrine, what do you want now?" drew forth a florin, and held it towards her. She courtesied again, and shook her, head. "Thank you, master; but it is not that." Something in the old woman's tone of voice caused me to look up hastily, "What is the matter, Katrine? Has anything alarmed you ?" "If you please, master—if it is not rude question, has — has any one been here lately ?" " Here!" I repeated. "What do you mean ?" "In the bed upstairs, master." I sprang to my feet, and turned as cold as a statue. The bed has been slept in, master, for the last four nights." I flew to the door, thrust her aside and in a moment sprang up the stair- case and into Albert's bedroom; and there, plainly. I beheld the impression of a heavy body left upon the bed ! Yes, there, on the pillow, was the mark where his head had been laid ; there the deep groove pressed by his body ! It was no deception this, but a strange, an incomprehensible reality! I groaned aloud, and staggered heavily back. "It has been like this for four nights, master," said the old woman. " Each morning I have made the bed, thinking, perhaps, that you had been in there to lie down during the day ; but this time I thought I would speak to you about it." Well, Katrine, make the bed once more; let us give it another trial; and then" ------- I said no more, but walked away. When all was in order, I returned, bringing with me a basin of fine sand. First of all, I closed and barred the shutters; then sprinkled the floor all round the bed with sand ; shut and locked the chamber door, and left the key, under some trivial pretext, at the house of a friend in the town. Katrine was witness to all this. That night I lay awake and restless ; not a sound disturbed the utter silence of the autumn night; not a breath stirred the leaves against my casement. I rose early the next morning; and by the time Katrine was up and at her work, I returned from Ems with the key. "Come with me, Katrine," I said ; " let us see if all be right in the Herr Lachner's bedroom." At the door, we paused and looked, half-terrified, in each other's faces ; then I summoned courage, turned the key, and entered. The window-shutters, which I had fastened, the day before, were wide open — unclosed by no mortal hand; and the daylight streaming in, fell upon the disordered bed — upon footmarks in the sand ! Looking attentively at these latter, I saw that the impressions were alter- nately light and heavy, as if the walker had rested longer upon one foot than the other, like a lame man. I will not here delay my narrative, with an account of the mental anguish.: which this circumstance caused me ; suffice it, that I left that room, locked the door again, and resolved never to re- enter it till I had learned the fate of my friend. The next day I set eff for Cassel. The journey was long and fatiguing, and only a portion could be achieved by train. Though I started very early in the morning, it was quite night before the diligence by which the transit was completed entered the streets of the town. Faint and weary though I was, I could not delay at the inn to partake of any refreshment, but hired a youth to shew me the way to Albert's lodgings, and proceeded at once upon my search. He led me through a labyrinth of narrow old-fashioned streets, and paused at length before a high red-bricked dwelling, with pro- jecting stories and a curiously carved doorway. An old man with a lantern answered my summons; and, on my inquiring if Herr Lachner lodged there, desired me to walk up stairs to the third floor. (TO BE CONTINUED IN OUR NEXT.) 