hEW WEBLEYAN CHURCH NOWRA. LAUNGTHB FOUNDATION STONE. NEW Year's Day was a red letter event in the annuals of Nowra, especially lo the Wesleyah part of the community, as it was the day "set aside for the laying the foundation eteneofo new Wesley an Church. • The time set apart for the ceremony was 2 o'clock p.m. and shortly after that time, the Rev. J, H. Fletcher, Principal of Newington College . arrivod on the ground and was soon surrounded by the already gathered crowd. The proceedings were opened by singing a hymn and reading the 84th Psalm by Rev. J. Phil lips, after which thB Rev W. Grant {Presbyterian) engaged in-prayer. Just at this part of tbe proceedings a thunderstorm, which liHd been threating for some time previously, broke over in a light shower ef rain, but of not sufficient foice to 8top tbe proceedings. Mr. Phillips then mounted tho rostrum holding a bottle containing tbe Sydney Morning Herald, Shoalhaven Neivs, and Christian Advocate, together with the usual document containing the list of names |of the Queen, Governor, Rev. J. H. Fletcher, Rev. J. Phillips, Architect, Contractor, Council &c.;, with the date of the laying of the stone. The trowel which was a splendid piece of silversmith's art from the firm of Hardy Brothers, of Sydney, was shown, with an apology for the absence of the mallet which inadvertently had not been forwarded in time but would eventually be sent to Mr. Fletcher. He would now call upon the Rev. Mr. Fletcher to lay the stone. Mr. A. M'Aithur, tbe contractor, and his assistants having all things prepared lowered the stone into its place and having adjustod it, the Rev. J. H. Fletcher declared the stone to be well and truly laid in the name of the Father, of the Son; and the Holy Ghost. He said there would be neither charity nor common sense in detaining this assembly in the rain by a lengthy address on this occasion. Indeed it is not necessary, in view of the fact that for many years, we have been exercising our ministration in the neighbourhood, and consequently, the doctrines to which we give prominence and our manner of proclaiming them are veiy well known to many of you ; there can be "nothing new and there can be nothing old in ihe Gospel of Christ. Like the sunbeams which brought us the morning of this day, the Gospel is at once the oldest and the newest gift of Gud to man. The great Protestant Reformation in England during tbe lGth Ceutury, the Puritanism of the 17th, and the Methodism of the 18th Century were successive waveB of the great spiritual impulse ; they were connected with the preaching of the same great truths, and they accomplished the same result iu tbe salvation of men from sin and all its baneful consequcnces. These great truths, we trust, will ever be the most prominent in the teaching to be heard throughout the coming year, in the house of prayer, whose foundation stone has been laid. No man we trust will ever ask within its walls, " What must I do to be saved ?" without finding many leady to give the one authentic smwer,' " Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ and thou shalt be saved." Christianity, in its saving power, is in one view essentially connected with the person of a Divine and sinatoning Saviour, and with the presence and work of the Holy Spirit. From such a source we expect that a pure and benificcnt influence will reach many of the homes around in this our land. We look forward to a time when there sbnll be an Australian nation, with its own peculiar characteristics and its own memorable history. And we desire that the homeB from which this coming nation is to bo built up should be filled with honeBt and virtuous men and women, and youths and children. Nothing is likely to bring this to pass as the due increase of sanctuaries in which many shall hear that Divine message which teaches men to do " justice and to love mercy and to walk humbly with their God." Mr. M. Marrnck the Secretary, then mounted the stone and read the repurt of the committee together with lists of the sums collected by the different members of the church as follows:— £ t. d. Rev. J. Phillips 112 10 6 Mr. J Stanbury 5 11 0 Mr. M. Marrack 52 1 C Mr. M'Grath 5 14 0 Sunday collections 8 5 0 Total....... £184 2 0 As an omission it was mentioned that lo com' plete the edifice about £700 would be required, and the secretary then held himself in readiness to thankfully receive any donations which might be deposited on the stone or names of intending donors, which resulted in some £34 1B 6d being added to the funds. Thus ended tho laying of the stone. TEA MEETING. After the laying of the foundation stone had boeii completed, tho assembly wended their way to the stied at the rear of the Presbyterian Church, where preparations were being actively carried on to appease tbe appetiticy ot the crowd About 5 o'clock the shed was well packed when the Rev. Mr. Fletcher gave out the giace, beiiig taken up and sang by the assembly. Tbe crowd was so great that it required three sittings to eventually satisfy the lovere, of tea and cake. There were nine long tables placed cross ways of tbe Bhed each one being presided over by the followsng ladies:—Mesdames J. Green, M. Marrack, — Hay, It. Benny, — Robson, E. Hawker, — Grawford, J. Hewitt, and J. Phillips With these ladies at the head of their respective tables it would be unnecessary to add our eulogy to that given by our fellow partakers. Suffice it to say that, in every respect it WBB in no way inferior to any of its predecessors fully bearing out the well earned character of our Wesleyan ladies for getting up tea parties, and the affair being in all points worthy of tho occasion. There being plenty of time before the commencement of the last of the programme of the day, tho peoplo dispersed into groups to amuse themselves as suit them best, the great predominance being given to running and jumping by tbe young men, and iliop handkerchief by the ladies and accompanying swains. At about 7 o'clock the Presbyterian Church, which had been kindly lent to the Wesleyans for the occasion was densely packed ready for THE LECTURE ON RICHARD BAXTER. The Rev. J. Phillips in opening the evenings proceedings called upon the choir to sing, " G« Work in my Vineyard" after which he called up their friend Mr. J. Green to occupy the chair, which gave evident satisfaction to the audience. Mr. Green briefly addressed the congregation, feeling highly pleased at his position, arid seeing so many present from all parts of the district and from the different denominations. They had "met, having an object in view, and that was the laying the foundation stone of a new'Wesleyan Church, and after dwelling oj>on'the necessityXnd desirability of such a building adverted to the Presbyterian friends who had so kindly lent their commodious church, not on the piesent occasion for the first time bat on all times and seasons when required. This act «lone shows the christian spirit of the sect and deserves that the heartiest thanks should be given at their hands. Mr. Green then spoke in a humorous way of the origination of tbe idea of their wonting a. house of worship to themselves, which eventuated in that day's proceedings.It was a step in the right direction and notwithstanding the innumerable difficnlties in the way, the work bad progressed, and.by ihe blessing of God he hoped to see It completed to be a boon to all who may worship in the church. He would not detein them longer but would introduce to them ibe rev: gentleman who had consented to deliver a lecture'on " Richard Baxter." Mr. Green sat down amidst ^ The §ev. J. H. Fletcher, who was most heartily received, commenced by giving a hum. orous anecdote of Dr. Bcecher prefaring his lecture with an account of the times in which Richard Baxter lived and showing tbe difference of those times with the present, making laughable allusions in point. He also spoke of tbe times when potatoes were first brought before the English, also of tea, which at the period of which we speak was sold at sixty shillings per lb., alluding to the old lady style of tea drinking of the present era, following by speaking of tobacco and smoking, giving some history of the value of possessing tobacco, where fines inflicted payable were in so many pounds of tobacco. The incidents were referred to. as having some connection with the time of Richard Baxter who lived in tbe 17th century or 200 years ago. Bichsrd Baxter was born in 1618, and died in 1691, so that it might be said his life clasped at both ends of a century. He was inbued with a keen and subtile intelligence, wishing to reconcile all within the scope of his influccce, but by his actions often caused dissensions. He was a colossal book maker as would be seen from the fact of his having wrote 168 books on innumerable subjects. Further it was no trouble to Lim, he coulrt write a largo book SB readily as a small one. He was always earnest and practical and having been in a pious family he was favored in having the. privilege of reading God's Book. The lecturer then spoke of the early history of the Bible and showing the difficulty experienced in those days in getting a Bible. Through having a devout father, who was strict in observing the Sabbath nnd church going, young Baxter was brought up in like observances. Once, Richard was induced to have a game with dice and eventually beat the best player, but, as he said the devil had helped liiin to success he would ever afterwards abstain from playing again. Baxter was thus saved from a downward and lost course, and some time aftei entered tho Ministry as an Episcopalian but subsequently joined the Wesleyan Church, Baxter was an earnest thinker, and referred to his " Saints Rest." In early days a great deal was said about witches, but there was onlv one who bewitched Baxter and in return, instead of burning tbe sorceress the subject of tho lecture, married her. Having been appointed to a church at Ridderuiinstter, it was surprising at the crowds who went to hear his long sermons which often extended over four hours. So great was the crowd that all share alike in getting a scat, tbe peasant and titled gentleman were treated alike. The choir was here called upon to sing " Hold the Fort," by way of rest to the lecturer. On resuming the rev. gentleman alluded in like terms to Baxter and Biinyan, but with Baxter health seemed to have deserted him, but he proved himself like a cracked pi ale, often lasted out the healthy and whole ones. Tbe lecturer after some further remarks upon Baxters position and mental piety, referred back to the time of Baxter's marriage. There was a lady of the name of Margaret Charleton 23 years of age, wealthy, intelligent, and winsome and thinking she ought to be, and would make a good Mrs. Baxter told him, that as he was getting old, she would be his wife, eventuatif.g in old Baxter replying—"The Lord's will be done " Nineteen years after ho poured out a high tribute of eulogy and said that—"if marriages were made in heaven his was." lie was 47 years old and his wife 23 years old, and after 19 years of connubial bliss he became a a widower following which came the dark ages. The lecturer then referred to the dark ages, with special reference to James, Judge Jeffreys and btherM, poor Baxter's troubles of unpopularity by being put down and bis books cried down together with bis fine of 500 marks and 7 yeara imprisonment finally yielding up his soul to/Jis maker in his 73rd year. The lecturer cpflelii5ed by stating that Baxter gave his countenance to_ Cromwell and his puritan friends sjating; reasons for so doing, and concluded by showing his great love to England in Baxter's pVayer'| " Lord Jeius 6&ve; my soul, Lord Jesus save England." The rev. gentleman after a few concluding remarks then Tesumed his seat amidst hearty applause. tf [The disgraceful conduct of some booll, we were pleased to observe did not affect the speaker, but whose conduct was the more reprehensible because it was within the precincts of a house of prayer, and the presence of ladies. We trust a sense of their own disgrace in tbe eyes of their fellowmen will in future prevent repetitions.—ED. S. N.} The choir next snug " Daniels Band," after which Mr. Marrack read his subscription lists, and gathered the names of twenty one friends who undertook between them to raise £105 in one year. So far we understand that the funds at present available amount to £356 9s 6d without taking into account the money taken at the door. The following votes of thanks were moved seconded, and carried. Mr. Jatnes Monaghan moved a Vote of thanks to the lecturer which being seconded was carried uproariously. The Rev. J. H. Fletcher briefly responded. The Rev. Mr. Phillips as representative of tho Wesleyan Churcii begged to tender his deep gratitude and hearty thanks tu his Presbyterian friends for the use o£ their church and sbed, and further moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman which being carried was duly responded to. The proceedings were brought to a close by the choir rendering " Over There" and the Benediction. 