QUEENSLAND; Brisbane, March 20. The schooner Diamond, timber laden from Bundabong to Cairns, is a total wreck. She lies with her bottom out, near Townville. The vessel had four feet cf water in her hold, when the captain ran her ashore. The crew was saved. To CORRESPONDENTS.—Tommy Trevenna's" Cross Roads Ghost Story in next issue. WE arc glad to note that the case against Alfred Dickenson of alleged manslaughter, was discharged before the completion of the evidence. Gabriel Allen, for setting fire to Mr. Shepherdson's premises at Wallaroo, was sentenced to three years, with hard labor. Rarbary was sentenced to five years' imprisonment, and 25 strokes of the lash. F. Tborne. for stealing the property of his master, was sentenced to one years' imprisonment. FALSE PRETENCES.—A very young girl named Elizabeth Ann Hocking was brought up at the Moonta Police Court, on Wednesday morning, before Messrs. Furner and Derrington, JJP., on a charge of obtaining a tin of salmon, tin of jam, and sundry other goods, from Messrs. Hall, storekeepers in Ryan-street. Sergeant O'Callaghan i conclaflfllfducted the case. The evidence was and showed that the girl pretended shcj been sent for the things by her 'WW mother, Mrs. Hocking, residing near {Trancrthe Wesley an Church. The prisioner (who was accompanied by her mother) pleaded guilty, aud electing to be dealt with summarily was sentenced to be imprisoned until the rising of the Court, and to receive chastisement at the hand of her mother, to the satisfaction of the Police. The prisoner was dealt with so leniently because of her tender- years, and because it was believed she had been made to some extent a victim by a more experienced criminal. YESTERDAY Sergeant O'Callaghan received information from Mr. Stephens, of Moonta Bay, that some boxes of candles had been stolan from consignee's goods lying at the jetty prior to removal. A parcel had been found planted under the jetty, and P.C: Cock was told off to see who came to take them. About dusk an old man named Doran, in the employ of Mr. Kerrison, came to taks them away, and he was at once Beized by the constable, and taken to the police station. He will be tried for the theft this morning. THE deputation on behalf of Green's Plains water-supply has waited upon the Commissione; of Crown Lands, who promised that all diligence should ,4)6 used in making the dams aalted for. LAST evening we had the opportunity of inspecting one of Mr. Duryea's most recent photographs, an admirable portrait of one of our local Bank managers. For tone, clearness, and effectiveness it would bear Comparison with the best specimens of the art produced in the colony. PRIMITIVE METHODIST BAZAAR, MOONTA MINES.—The industry and ingenuity of the friends and supporters of the Primitive Methodist Church were attested in & very practical manner by the exhibits at their Bazaar, which was opened on Tuesday morning last in the Moonta Mines Institute. The tables were covered with an admirable display of useful and ornamental articles ; and the room was festooned with draperies, all having domestic and practical purposes. The stalls were presided over severally by Mesdames Waters, Harris, Stephens, Jeffery, Tregear, Adams, and Peters, and Mr. Joseph Jones, each with assistants. The refresh- ' menta were laid out in an adjacent apartment, and the comfort of visitors was ministered to by Mrs. Dunstone and Mr. Carthew. The receipts up to Wednesday evening, with money in hand, made about £100, and it was then estimated there were poods to the value of a hundred guineas left. The weather was unfavorable for the attendance of the general public, and this operated particularly yesterday afternnon, so that at the time of our visit it was in contemplation to close the Bazaar then, and re-open on Saturday and Monday. Among the items striking our attention were a wonderfully constructed bird-cage, the work of a miner, valued by a cabinet-maker at £16, but offered at a low price ; and a patchwork quilt, the work of a young girl, who in her desire to help in a good cause had patiently fitted together more than 2,500 pieces of diversely-colored prints. 