LETTERS TO AN ANGLICAN BECTOR.—NO. XXXV. PROTESTANTISM IS SPUN. [NOTE.—It will be seen that this is an interruption of the regular course of the correspondence with our worthy Anglican reotor. The interruption is caused by the wish to la; before the readers of the Advocate * copy ,of a proclamation issued by the amiable and exalted lady who occupies the •throne of Great Britain, though, of course, by and with the adviceof her Majesty's Protestant Privy Council. It will be seen that this Royal Protestant proclamation ie (mutatis mutandis) almost a verbatim counterpart of another proclamation issued a few months ago by the King ol Spain, with a purpose precisely similar to the purpose for whioh Queen Viotoria waB advised to issue hers. Some religious nondescripts, semi-Protestant-semiinfidel emissaries of Exeter Hall, burned with holy desire to ereot or enlarge and beautify a place of worship in Madrid, and to aell FroteBtant bibles and other > equally objectionable publications through the streets, and to hold a school in jrhteh only the atheistic eclecticisms ol Bze ter Sail should be taught. This, however, happened to be a yiolatton of the XI. Article of the Spanish Constitution, and contrary to the laws of Bpain. The young King, Alphonso XII., was therefore advised by big Privy Council to issue a proclamation -^nearly word for word, and certainly in apixit, tallying with the, proclamation of oar own Queen, The Protestant* in IfkiUM had b*en permitted by the Spanish -government to have a "chnroh" where jgMji'eould assemble, and ring, nnd pray, ^uu |W»aeh, acaecarely as if in London. U is to be hoped «ba* thcre4a ao acholic .m wm*. or ao wUJcm m to W for cne mommt disoooMartcfl or fetffoi thing that appears in the Melbourne Argus from week to week, purporting to be Catholic intelligence. The object of the Argus iB not to give intelligence, but to disseminate slander against our religion and Church. False to all the principles of honourable journalism, the Argus would seem to have changed parte and places with that dreary publication called Melbourne Punch, in so far as the vili. fication of Catholicity and Catholic affairs areo oncerned. To misrepresent, to pervert facte, and to promulgate ribald gossip of the most silly description seems to be the pride of the Argus aa regards us and ours. Every one to his taste, and let no Catholic ever believe one word the Argus says about Catholic matters until confirmed from more reliable sources. The Spanish proclamation was a very small episode in the grand drama of Spain's noble resistance in all ages to the attacks of heresy, come in what disguise it might. Protestantism is always ready with^its hypocritical clap-trap protests and complaints about Popish intolerance, as if its own whole body, soul, spirit, mind, principle, and practice were not the very essence of fierce unreasoning intolerance. Protestantism is the malevolent embodiment of inconsistency, bad logic, and intolerance. In the North of Ireland there is nothiDg that conld afford a more acceptable gratification to the Protestant Orangemen than to be let loose with rifle, bayonet, and torch, upon the homes and persons of the " Croppies " who live in the Orange districts. And whether it be a toast in an Orange lodge, such as " To hell with the Pope," or whether it be a " Fifth of November" Protestant service, or whether in a Queen's more dignified proclamation, still the innate intolerant spirit of Protestantism is quick. Yet Protestants are always preaching about toleration.. Nothing could be more just, wise, proper, patriotic, and truly Christian than the proclamation of the Spanish Government, wbich forbade the insolent agents of Exeter Hall to fly their flag in the heart of the Catholic Spanish capital and country. And if there be Catholics who do not know what Protestantism can do in the proclamation line, the following dooument, duly verified by the royal sign manual, will asBiBt in enlightening them :— BT THE QUEEN. PROCLAMATION. " Victoria R. Whebba8, by the Act of Parliament passed in the 10th year of the reign of his Majesty Geo. IV. for the relief of his Majesty's Roman Catholic subjects" (the Emancipation Act so called) " it is enacted that no Roman Catholic ecclesiastic nor any member of any of the Religious orders, Communities, or Societies of the Church of Borne bound by monastic or religious vows should exercise any of the religious rites or ceremonies of the Roman Catholic religion, or wear the habit of his order except only within their usual place of worship of the Roman Church, or in private houses. And WHBEXA.S, it has been represented to us that Boman Catholic ecclesiastics wearing the habits of their orders have exercised the riteB and ceremonies of the Boman Catholic religion in highways and placet of puttie resort with persons in oeremonial dresses bearing banners or object* (.'/) or symbols of their worship in procession to the great scandal and annoyance of our] people [tbat is "our" Protestant people], and to the manifest danger of the public peace. And wbbbeas it has bean represented to us that such violations of the law have been committed near places of public [Protestant] worship, and in such a maimer a* to disturb the [Protestant congregation assembled, we have therefore thought it our boundsn duty, by, and with the advice of our Privy Council to issue this, our royal proclamation, solemnly warning all thos [Boman Catholics] whom, it map concern, that while we are resolved to protect our Boman Catholic snbjeots in the undisturbed enjoyment of their legal rights and civil freedom, we are determined to prevent and repres the commission o/ all rueh offence* at the afore said, whereby the offenders may draw upon themselves punishment, and the peace and security of our dominion endangered. " Given from bur Court at Buckingham Palace, 15th' June, 1852, in the 15th year of our reign. " GOD SAVX TH» QUEEN." 70 Blank-street, Melbourne. Jan. 6,187—. My Dear Beetor,—Aa yon still maintain that the proclamation of King Alphonso XII.; f Spain, issued last year, " was a persecuting 1 restriction tipon the liberty of inoffensive Protestants of various churches, who only asked to be allowed to worship God according to the dictates of their oonicienpe," I take the liberty to send you a copy of a porely Protestant and high official doonment, which I hope ypn will take the liberty to and, mark, learn, and inwardly dig«rt. : ' ''I<Mai afraid, however, yoa will'toaitherraadlt not imnapcUit; though it bears very curiously an tfcecaiic whlsh yoa «o aealctuly aapoas*. The state paper I transmit does not, as yon may-perceive, date back quite into, the " dark ages." It is a production of the middle of the 19th century, composed at the palace of the Protestant Queen of England, and fulminated against certain unwary Catholics, who were simple enough to think that with such a general chorus of Protestant voices all round them, chanting the praises of " Toleration," they might venture to put on short white surplices, and walk in an orderly religions procession, some fifty yards along or across a Protestant road, bearing two or three small Bilk banners, three feet by two, and other " objects." This was a mistake on the part of these Catholics. It was more tban a mistake, it was a legal offence, as they soon dicovered, from the notice with which the Protestant Queen of England honoured their proceedings. They bad walked too close to a Protestant place of worship with their banners and " objects," and this was a gross aggravation of their offence. It was impossible to overlook it. The whole affair as a procession was a poor, and tame, and rather tawdry display, but it was, nevertheless, real, rank, veritable ."Popery," and this was the sin, and the shame, and the harm, and the guilt of it. It was the the thin edge. ,It was the small spark which, if not stamped out at once, might kindle a great "Romish" flame, which might burn down all the Protestant, Reformed, Anglican, Baptist, Independent, Wesleyan, Quaker, Ritualist, Unitarian, Irvingite, Presbyterian, Swedenborgian, Gospel Pilgrim, Bible Christian, and many other "churches,"- too numerous to mention, which flourished in merry England, and the more churches the merrier the England, especially when every one of them declared itself better reformed and more truly scriptural than the others. I have sometimes wondered why the renowned Baronet Claimant, disrespectfully nick- named "Bullocky" by the elite of Wapping, didn't start a new reformed Protestant religion. With Mr. Whalley, M.P., as his theologian, he ought to have had an immense following. As a loyal man, I will assume that you have read your Queen's proclamation given above, and you may observe that I have affixed no less than three notes of astonishment to the word " objects." What would you suppose her Majesty meant by " objects ?'' First there were *' banners," then there were " object,." It seems it was a crime to carry these "objects" through the streets or lanes. What were theyP Of course the Privy Council had apprised their Queen of the whole proceeding. In so-doing they must needs explain that along with the wicked, Popish banners, there were also one or two Crobbbs. But then, if her Majesty * were to threaten that she would send her Catholic subjects to gaol for carrying crosses oh a Sunday, some of her Popish cousins on the continent might exclaim, " Oh, how shocking 1" and have even retaliated on her by forbidding, her subjects, when residing in their dominions, to carry their Protestant prayer-books or bibles about with them. It'may therefore be innocently conjectured that (say) Lord Palmerston, always prompt with a sprightly suggestion, might have rescued bis royal mistress from her little difficulty by proposing to call the crosses " objects." Nobody then would know what was aimed at in the proclamation except the caitiff wretches" who had dared to insult English Protestantism by carrying crosses under its " biblical" nose, and they would hold their tongues for their own sakes. It did not signify that the crosses were carried in honobr of the Christ who died on a Cross. Nobody, not even Christ himBelf, should affront English Protestant law with impunity. The Cross was not only outlawed in Protestant England, but out of fashion, and though it was the emblem of our salvation, the revival of it as an old lashion wasn't progress, or science: and progress and science when sufficiently cultivated and properly understood, were now the true Protestant way of salvation. The Protestant Privy Council of England didn't deny that the Cross was, once on a time, carried through England's streets and along her roads under the amotion of law and gospel. But all that was changed, and the Cross, out of the most exceeding reBpect, was prononneed superstitious, and even dangerous to the public peace. Protestants " retained " an odd CrosB here and there on the gables of old cathedrals, to chow that England could formerly join in the adoring raptures of St. Paul, when he cried oat " God forbid that I should glory save in the Cross." Evidently this holy apostle could conceive of nothing more worthy of veneration than the OroBB. All Christian altars iare throneB for the Cross. Dr. Cave, Bishop Pearson, Dean Hook, and other Protestant historians relate tbat it was the custom among Christians, «' in the pnrest ages of the Church;*' to sign themselves with the holy sign of the Cross when they rosc.in.tiM morning and when they lay down at night; when they went out, and when they came in % when tbey sat down to eat, and. when their meals were "ended; when any danger threatened, or sorrow fell upon them ;' when they commenced, and when iheyeopcluded their prayers; when thpy were assailed ty bad thoughts, or tempted ty bad'example; when they entered ai churcb, and whentkey departed. ' Judging from their Ireqaent osectfthe rign of the Cross, really, myduVre4staf;yonmighteanly mistake these •arly Christians of the purestages for good, modem Oatholiss, so habitually did they make it, Dor loranot ondertake to reconcile her Most 43ract{Xis Majesty's proclamation against " objects" with a th<»oagh know ledge «f Hook, Cave, »nd;f!eBi|w».:,..I$ * ledge of Hook, Cave, |uid;|f«Mpo9.j,.1$ M crones and reign of George IV., and no one would expect much love or devotion to the Cross from him! But why should a law be made againBt crosses and piooessions with crosses, in' a country which professes to believe in Christ cruoified? This is for you ta explain. I can't. A great change must have come since the " purest ages " of tha Church, when, from fervent faith in Christ, Protestants deride and disuse the sign of the Cross which was so dear to the holy martyrs and the purest age of Christians. But, whatever explanation you have to offer, King Alphonso of Spain, in restricting the Exeter Hall Cross-haters to the inside of the Protestant Church, of which he guaranteed them the unmolested use, may probably have met with and transcribed Queen Victoria's proclamation of 1852, and taken it as the pattern of his proclamation in 1876. Two countries can play at proclamations, yousee. But while yjurQueen proclaims downPopish exhibitions in England, I think Exeter Hall must have a power of impudence the devil- himself might admire, when it stepped over in to Catholic Spain* and demanded unlimited leave to corrupt or pester, a Catholic people bappily united in the one true faith of Christ and desiringxio other. Queen Victoria will not snffer the peace and security of her Protestant subjects to bo broken by the sight of Popish banners and crosses. King Alphonso, following her example, will not suffer the peace and security of his kingdom to be disturbed by the hawking of heretical bibles. If'you want to prove that your Protestant kettle is much whiter than my Papist pot, by all means do so, though perhaps yon hold that sauce for & Protestant goose is not sauce for a Popish gander. Why not ? If you want " toleraS tion" in Spain why don't you grant fall" generous, ungrudging toleration in Bngland, and Germany, and Sweden, and Switzerland | Rather, -I should ask, why do you- not cease altogether preaohing about "toleration" whett you are yourselves the most intolerant of selfcontradictory intoleraots ? The Spaniards have ever successfully resisted all your attempts to drive or draw them into rebellion against revealed truth, and into apostaoy from it. This is what maddens you. This is what stirs you to a frenzy of baffled rage. This is the sting of your newspaper assaults upon the good, and brave, and virtuous Bishop of Majorca. But he bids you defiance. He laughs you to scorn. Gallant shepherd is he who will not let his sheep be torn by the prowling wolves of Exeter Hall. Vigilant guardian of the flock over whioh the Holy Ghost has made him overseer, he descries the enemy afar off, and gives notice* of his approach. Rail on I you rail, and rave in vain against Spanish bisbops and Spanish peasants. While with you the making of the sign of the Cross is " mummery," and while the nnity of the faith is a mockery, and while schiBm is a benediction, and human science the only salvation, and private judgment the only infallible voioe to which yoa listen, Spain will oontinue to do as tihe has always done—repel you—resist yoa—defy you, and laugh at your Protestant vituperations. This is all the balm I can offer to soothe your soul, so angaiahed by th<a young King of Spain's Proclamation of 187ft. And if you find no comfort in this, perhctps yoa' may find it in another perusal of the Queen of Eogland's Protestant Proclamation of 15th June, 1852. Peutetre. 