FRANK MEL'S ILLUSION. CHAPTER IV. "The wicked and the weak, by some dark law, Haveastrnnge power to shut and rivet down Their own horizon around us, to unwing Our heaven-aspiring visions." —Lowel. There came .1 day which Frank set aside to go up to the City, -'mil make more definite arrangements as to sundry little bits of literary work which hung prospectively before • him, for his name had not appeared more tliaii two or three times on the cover of the Great Magazine before other editors had be gun to make vague overtures to him. gene rally over a glass of wine in Sir Ralph's dining room. The first editor on whom he called was quite a young man, not much older than him self, and of most pleasant and affable manners. " Iu the first instance we shall have to make you an offer which will seem like under-payment, Mr. Niel," he said cheer fully: " because we want you to make a separate name for us. We want you to write for us just the sore of things that you are bringing out in the Great Afatjatine; but then, you see, it is supposed to be carried on in the Liberal interest, aud we are Tories here, aud we must not have the same tames on our covers, don't you see? If you prefer, you can take some name to whi«h you have a kind of right—say, for install oe, your mother's father's name if it be a well-sounding one." "But i am a Liberal," said simple Frank. '' No doubtyou are. That does not matter. So was I till I got the offerof this berth, when I began to see there was a great deal to be said oubottfsides, don't you know?" respouded the otifer; with an arch wink. " Nature is neither Whig nor Tory, and it is true that I never intentionally touch poli tics at all in my verses or stories ; but what one believes is sure to come out," said Frank. " Oh, I don't think we shall quarrel over that," answered the editor. " When you feel inclined to write verses descriptive of a model squire send them to us, and when you long to'grow pathetic over a ploughman send them to the Great Magazine." "But oueht it not to be the other way i" said prank." " Y011 Tories ought to be shown the wrongs which exist, aud we Liberals should be taught to appreciate what virtues may thrive among our enemies." The editor laughed heartlv. " You are refreshing!" he said. "Do you expect to flourish by giving people what they need, in stead of what they like ? If you were a doctor, would you refuse an old lady a tasty tonic, and tell her she would be all right if she did not eat too much! If you were a lawyer, would you warn a new client that your bill of costs would amount to more than the valve of the estate he wanted to dispute?" " Of eourse I should," said Frank. " weR my dear friend; so I hope we all woulJ, if such conduct couldcarry its own end; but while the world is constituted as it is, the offended patient and clieut would simply ga off to less scrupulous doctors aud lawyers. We must deal with things as they are." . '' But how are ikey ever to grow better, if nobody begins to do his own best ?" said Frank. " My Jear "fellow, the millennium is so very slow in building, and whoever offers himself towards its progress to-day will be an entirely forgotten stone iu its foundations by the time it is complete," answered the young man. " The stone which the builders rejected is become the head of the corner," said Frank, earnestly. Tiie young editor did not reiterate his light laugh, a»d there was a real kindliness in his tone as he said, " Do not think you may be taking things too seriously? It is not some thing like trying to walk always to march music"? " We shall fall out of step often enough, however we may strive not to do ao," Frank answered. At that moment the office boy knocked at the door. " Please, sir," he said, " there's that old Mr. Oliver wants to speak with you; he says he won't detainyou a minute." "Oh tell him I'm very particularly en gaged," answered the editor. " I'm so glad you are here, Mr. Niel, to give me an excuse for saying so, for I'm afraid I'd have done the same without any excuse. He's a terrible old bore. Now, that is one of the sad stories that will keep cropping up in our profession. He made a great hit once. Why, thatsongof his, ' The day that shall dawn,' was sung everywhere! I believe he only got a few shillings for that ; indeed, I'm not sure that lie did not present it to the publisher, in his anxiety to sea himself in print. Of course, its success taught him better, and some old things that had been kicked through half the waste-paper baskets of the magazines were brought out, and brought him iu very fair prices. And then the poor fool could not un derstand that one swallow makes uosummer. And he got married 011 the strength of it, thinking, of course, that a few extra poems would proride for each child as it came. And the end of it was, he wrote himself out, and the papers bagan to get shy of him. And between exhaustion, and dissappoiutment, and anxiety, he took to drinking. I often think his brain has softened a little; but there is one of the mysteries of genius, for out of that soddened ' wreck a spark of the true fire will still strike from time to time, so that ho may earn enough to pay the rent of the cottage they live iu at Hoston, though noth-. ing he does is worth half as much as it wonld. have bean, if he had not poured such a lot of bosh iute the market." " Hsw does he and his family live, then?" Frank asked. " The livey on very little, I can tell you," said theecitor, "aud that trifle the.wife earns by keeping a 'little school, and giving music lessons. She's a very fine sensible woman, better able than he is to judge when.what he is worth the doing. When he is sober enough ho is always scribbling, and lie reads it all to her, and, out of twenty or thirty pieces, perhaps she finds oae that she knows we will take. Then she brings it here herself, and out of consideration for what he was once, and of what they are now, we pay her its price at once, for if he called for the money it woukl be the publican aud not the land lord that would get it. She never trusts him with a manuscript worth anything, so when he calls I know he ha? only brought some rubbish. It is curious that he his not him self the least able to distinguish betwean a gem of thought and abit of cut-glass conceit, except that he rather inclines to the latter, and fancies that only his worst pieces get printed because the public taste is so low. It is very sad." Sad indeed !'' said Frank, whose vivid imagination had rapidly filled the bare out line with many a piteous and pathetic detail. " Poor fellow! he goes on thinking him self a wronged man. And no doubt he: was in some ways. But it is no nse feeling wronged," the editor went on, in a brisker tone, "One must make up one's mindto accept facts. He his always harping on the Parthenon having dropped him in his best days, to make room for what lie calls the 'trumpery jingles' of Lord Gorge Ardern. Now, if it had been plain Mr. Ardern against plain Mr. Oliver, I'd have backed Oliver for the general public. But the general public loves a lord. Besides, Oliver wanted his payments regularly, and Lord George did not care about them much.- Aud Oliver had no shooting-box to invite editors to for six weeks in the autumn. How could Oliver compete with Lord George ?. Not unless'an editor were au angel 1 And, between yon and me if Oliver had been in his place, he would have been found quite as human." "Ah, that fs uncharitable!" said Frank. " Is it?" laughed the editor. " Then what Hade Oliver so proud when lie heard that' the millionaire By field had praised some of his works? Does a mail's possession of a mint give real literary opinions! I rather think that Mr. Oliver hoped that ' something might come of it,' as phrase goes. Oliver gave me to understand that he wished I'd "lot Byfield know that he was a very struggling man. And I said so, as if it came from myself, yon understand. And Byfield said that so many charities had a claim 011 him, and a man thought to be so rich (Byfield always says ' thought') is always expected to do so much if he begins at all, that lie did not see hn-.v lie could move iu the matter. At any rate, lie would .send Mrs. Oliver a silk- dress, but it must be described as from 'an aunonyuioiis admirer of her husband's genius,' else he would be overwhelmed by that sort of gratitude whieh men like Byiield always so poignantly feel to be only a lively sense of favours to come. Poor Mrs. Oliver • I hope there has been some occasion when she could decently wear that dress without exciting tiie malice of the iittle shnpkejpers to whom she was in debt, Doh'l lyyk ni mo so very reproachfully, Mr. Niol. I am not violating auy contideuces, fori let her iuto the secret of the gift, and that was the very .remark she made about it. Oliver was never what one may call a -useful man," the editor went on, while Frank sat sorrowfully siient. "Now, there is that little Miss Everett, whom you must have ofteu met at Sir Ralph's." "Yes." " Well, she will always fall on lior feet. She can do any thing, and she is quite williu;: to do it. She has pushed herworkinto papers of all creeds, politic*, mid ranks, she has managed so beautifully that for none of them I has she written one line which could get her into hot water with any other of them. I have heard her praised by Romanist*, Reviva lists, by Tory squires and .lied Republican artisans, in Rotten Row and at ragged-school meetings. And you must understand that they don't all praise her, as they might all. praise 'Home, sweet Home,' or ' As you Like it,' but each feota that she is on hia side, and that she becomes all things to all men only that she may gain some for his party." " 'Woo unto von, when all men shall speak well of yon! for so did their fathers to the false prophets,' " said Frank. The editor had been slowly paciug up and down the room. Now ha paused before his visitor with a gesture of good-humoured but very sincere impatience. " You are as much out of your place here 03 if you were an ancient prophet in camolen hair and leathern girdle," he said. " I can fancy Miss Everett hearing you utter your. dennuciatiou. I know what she would say. She would take your hand, and observe, ' Dear Sir, how kind of you to censure me yourself, and so redeem me from the curse that might other wise descend un my unlucky head.' You should cultivate her acquaintance. She is a good little thing, and has been very dutiful to her family, and is altogether" a most admirable character iu private life. " Now, I won't let you throw up our magazine in a moment of impulsive Quixotism. Think about the matter for a week. You cannnl: think how much more I respect yon for your scruples. I shall not tell my principals the ground of your delay. I shall just tell them that you prefer to give the matter .a longer consideration. They will probably think you demur to their terms, and they may raise them. . I shall like to have you to work with me." And he shook hands with Frank very cordially, as he let him out of the office. "That seems a fine young fellow,'' the editor said to himself, as he went back to His easy-chair. " Surely, all that eamesthessiis sincere! I can't bring myself to believe that he is acting it to enhance his own value. But really this world is such a hninbug, that one can never be sure of anything.'" Frank went away sosore of heart, that he did not notice the inconsistency of the editor's parting observations. A heary rain was fall ing, but he walked throngh it unheeding. A ghost of scare crow genius s&emed; to, flatter before him, flaunting the tei» tags of what had once been royal singing rpUes. And on the other hand arose his retxilof MW Everett, as he had seen her. <U-tile fiaykum*' parties, one among the frivolous, fashionable wemeu, yet with an indefinite something about her, which divided her froux theau He could vividly recall the weary, far-off look that would come into her dark eyes, when she was silent, and the strange chord in her voice which had often startled him with the idea that tears were not far off. Wasnothor soul starved on tho pottage for which she had bartered its birthright? .. ' When Frank reached his lodgings he found ha found a Forgar letter awaiting him. It was from Dr. Murray, and he wrote to say that Mrs. Niel seemed very ailing, and that he thought she ought not ■ to live alone through the ensuing winter. What could Frank do! Though tho income he was promised from the Great Magazine wis cortainly larger than his mason's wage, it was scarcely worth so much heavier. Frank kept that letter beside him while he ate the dry chop and cold potatoes which his land lady set before him. And a little elf soemed to peep into his heart, and repeat the offer that the editor had made to him that morning, and to recall tho worldly. wisdom of the unsatisfied Jewish king, " Be not righteous over much : why shoudst thou destroy thy self 1" And then something withiu him stoutly retorted to the temper, "It is no wonder that tho man who advised so should presently pronounce all God's world to be vanity of vauities." There was to be a party at the Rayburns thai evening, and Frank Felt that he must rouse himself to go, though his head burned and ached, and his heart felt sick within him. He found the mansion brilliantly lighted, and the saloons already crowded. Even in his brief experience he had grown used.to,,the hollowuess of fashionable intercourSe;"and quite realised that society isaperpetualfancy ball, where each strives his hardest to appear something other than ho -really is. He kept some private faiths apart from the spreading cynicism which was beginning to scorch up his joyonsness of heart. '. 1 ; lie had already weighed and measured Sir Ralph, and (unless ho had really been his friend in the matter of tho Grc.it Afagaziiie) had found him utterly wanting. \Hehad dis covered that ho only cared to Gud".stars,";i that he might set them iu his own cabinet to: attract moths and .butterflies by "their light; He knew now that the star which had pre ceded him had been a political refugee, who',' after having been made to ran his number of social nights, had been found, to be " utterly impracticable," and had been dropped back into his jdingy ca/fej 'He quite understood now that Sir; Ralph had like J to. make the utmost romance but of his own humble surrouudiiigs because, otherwise, iiis gifts were too simple and. too. modest to excite; the required sensation. ,;He had reason : to believe that the star which was to succeed him would be a preaching, lady,- about wh«ni - Sir Ralph Rayburn had of late made many curious inquiries.- Poor Frank. | li0 bs^.trr to find that contemporary faine,'Tike a-towh-^ crier brackets very strange conteistay-'. jj,,j '• boy-Uke, the youth still kept Mi f.-iith metre candid kindliness of Ethel-leay burn'; He did not meet hbr W-mghV nsrlio'' generally did, .almost immediately on his arrival. Wandering aboiit, throngh: the rooms, he scarcely sawa fatniliurface, and he felt so tired and dnll tliat'he presently took refuge on an empty settee, .which was half I hidden by the shadow of a velvet curtain.; Somebody else was seated at tho other side of it, but at first Frauk could only 'hear .voices in a soft indistinguishable murmur: Presently they must,luve moved nearer- for Frank heard a man's voice say, in an elo»ant drawl, " I do 'ate to hear Byron and Burns put together, merely becauth they both happen to fall under the censure of good folk. For Byron watlra gentleman." " Of course, we cau better sympathise with him,".' answered the musical tones which Frank knew so well to belong to Ethel Ray burn, " because his ways of lifo and thought are the same as ours. For these thinu3°do set up impassable barriers betweon man and man. How can we put ourselves in the position of one who could feel it probable that he should, ' Lie in kilns and barns at e'en Whenbanes are crazed and bluidisthin.' One can only say it must be very shocking. I wish there could be nice almshouses pro vided for all poor old people! When one is down in the country it quito hurts one's feel ings to see them crawling about. In the nice parts of the town they are generally hidden somewhere out of sight." " You won't be troubled with any such miserable spectacles on my plath," returned the other voice, "for I won't have any wretched cottageth built on my laud. The labourers just have to walk in from the town, which ith only about four niilth away. But to returulo what we were sneaking about. Althongh'Bunith watli a common farinerni iu, 1 cannot uildersthaud how even thesorthof geuius lie had did not keep him from fallm in love with tho. kind of creatures the heroines of. his verses niust have been. Can't you fancy you see them, with their short petti coats, thweaping out tho house orboilin- the beastly porridge?" "Oh, dreadful !" said Ethel: "but then his satisfaction with their red; checks and ye'Ion* hair shows a bemtifii! arrang.mieut of Providence. For his wife v.-ouUf luivo to sweep the house, and boil the porridge, and, of course more rained beauties would have declined to undertake those, duties." "Even for a poet.'" laughed tho young dandy. " .Uy poor old aunt, the Countess of W icidiam, ith tho sentimental. 'Give me a real man,' she say*, ' and I'll dean his boot?, and darn his.stockings.' And I b'lieve she would, only she'd box liithe.irs into the bargain ! You young builtW are more busi liess-like." " Certainly," assented Ethel. "Besides, if I were a iiia:j( I would sooner hunt and yacht than sit scribbling, so 1 prefer the men who do so." The scented youth laughed conceitedly. Xow, there is gome rouiamh about Byr«u's ! love poetry and love affairs," he said. " I . don't know what hi« Gnlnsres May be in , j their own countries, but thay dvm't shock I [ one's imagination as doth the idea of acoiumoii j | girl loafing.&bout; a.villaga -shop or a pigitye, j and th——" , . , ; Frank couid bear no more. He s wept back i the. velvet,.curtain \Y.ith"a'yigo.ur: that made j Kthel atartj knd wrung a'h eipletivo from the j dandy.' " Good evening, Miss Itayburni.'' ha said. " I chance to -overhear: that you are discuss ing a a abject \veJiave...ofteu.Ulkudtabout to gether. J. um.zuru your friend will bo da lighted when I assure him from my own ex perience, that amotig the class of common girls, from whom his. delicate i-eiinemenk naturally shrinks, , are to bo. found women beautiful, intelligent, > and original, whose ignorant friends may even prefer the without thesuppleaccomplishments.which make polite society so smooth and so s'lippery. ' 1 blush for Burn's, because I cannot- understand how a man of his honest parentage and .sound breeding could have ever fallen to exchangu meretricious sentimentalities with' the genteel Glariuda and Maria „E.iddeU.:„_Aud.J pi ty Loril By run,, bemuse,~>viili'l>U niad uhd mur derous genealogy and^discordalit.'boyhood, :I! can imagine it would have been"very hard for himi to be .better tliari he'was."'' . . ! And; Frank bo.wedslightly, and iininedlately walked away. ; . . : . . " Good graciouth ! " said the dandy. i"'Poor dear fellow!"' sighed tithe), ''he is one of these low-born -rhymesters. •'• * We thought ho seeiried. vei'y reasonable at'first, and 'we tried .to do all wo could for./him, But .there is n'o1 getting tlfese people" to uudfei-' stand social .rules.": It; is . like. tahiing wild things—suddenly 'they, get a'taste, of bloud, and your labour is all, thrown., away/'And. then Ethel sighed, for. sho said "within her self, " Frank Kiel is jealous., Whyneed the. poor, puddle always falliin love'with the star; that is roflccted-upon it-far an-hour. I hope he will not do- anything desperate, poor fellow!" . ' ; ->■•- • - As Frank tiirued' fromiEthel an'd:her coni-' panion he met a"pair-of 'dark eyes.watching'' him lialf sadly, half archly.''' Tfiey belonged to Miss Everett'. She.."extended!heivhand to him,, and lie took it' warmly,'. -In "that gay,' crowded rooirij lie somehowijiui-iied towards her lis a. sdnpwreckeil,; s!ii!or.i,wi>u)il, towards a white man wlipui be,:found acclimatised' with tho savages on', the': coast .where lie; was cast. :: .. - >. -.;; .- - " You are uoi looking^ wfell-' to-njgbt,V-slie sai^, kindly, as he seated'himself beside her.; 'Shall. I! tellthe''truthT1.'1! belie vft' it is because yon cannot tea'cli 'y&iireelf;, to-write poetry, aiid to live prose."',"iJ., ,'V ". Perhaps ybii will giv'e^hif ajesspiij'' saiil Frank. .He spoke bitteili^-and./as ;he, heard his words ha, felt that they;,ware rude' and cruel. But the kindliness ou Miss Everett's face ouly deepened.: J:.-. v j.-t-.i. . " No," ske said ; " but; Iwaut you to help uw to reebllocfchowl felt before Tinexr that -lesson myself."' ' -n!i ■ ; . "I don'tAvant'to bd' ii jiiinibug...:lj!/l ivaut'to' mean what I say,' aiid '.to say., what, rinieaii. That does \iot seem\ much, to ask," said Frant.:.';. " It is the lnost.exorbitantdemand yeii can possibly make,"; alio . answered,- ;witli Jier enigmatical smile..: '.Slaves are petted aud pampered, -though they-- may be-!soiuetiines! neglected:when a!I tlie < work- is out of: tlieiii:1 But freemen'1 inust;'be' ()repared ' to" 'work hardiy, and fare' hardly,: friniiV tli'e ciadio tb' the grave." '' ' ' •" •• ! "Do you.call,yourself.ja-sUro I'V.'^rmik asked, abrubtly. • >'.X*8»" a'10 SttsWi!l;S8J^^wilir,,:»:~'8tntnge quietness.. "1 soldmyself,-iuto .slavery at lirst for the sake.of.others.u l-had a brother;1, years younger, than; myseif^-h'exiwould be about your agoif herhad lived—and I wanted' to give him a igood education,-: and conifMit,' for he was very: delicate.' 'So instead' of' speaking whatever worilGo'd scnt ,to" inu, aiid'' holding, iny peace, when' . He sent none;' I: offered to' prophesy ronVany ni6init for any. Balak, provided "he .brought .the 'rewards ot divinatjon.iii his hand., Aiid so I-scribliled uiy screeds of loveless lovastorie's, aud wruug^ out merry'verses when I felt .like a stagnant ditch, and stuck ou ready-niBde tinsel morali ties, when .invention aud rhyme alike failed me. You cannot think how dreadful it was in those days, iMr. Niel, for-T tli^ii had not quito polished ' lnyself otit of the shape in 'which God made' hid, and1 when 'I' tried to cranip myself, it -often seemOd'as if .total paralysis ,would result. • You see,. I had closed the shutters of my soiil to the over-rettii-niiig siiUj and'even, tlie best supply,of gas,will fiifl sometiinos! ,And tolceep up tiie sort of push-, ing popularity. I. hai resolved on entailed\ many expenses, aud the struggle was very hot and .,hard.-: Aud just as my.sbrother's education was finished,-he died.^-' - ■ r.Aa.t ■ And then ' you.' were" set'"free ! "^.said' Frank, accepting Miss' Eyfi'rett's phraseology,' and in his 'passioiiate ' iiitet'e's^ iii, a tragedy of l- fe which might so easily become his yiyn, half forgetting. tl!at; it, was'.;written ^inV' tiia; very life-blood ot tlie .'wo.mauj iwho.iivas so coolly reading it aloud.".;ij ; :ii - She shook her head mournfully/aud 'askid" iu; reply; Do - yoii make a slaye'ifrue" By knockiiig-pff }iis;chHins and setHuy'liim:dpivii'' iu 'a land of liberty'? ' AYjiat if; his alavery'iiiis bred Jslvishness ?;'1 Does' ii<j',;ku6w/ htiw/'to wt»rk; tor^: himself i " Caii;iVe "Willio«.t'^iiia' gnng-iriusic,^and.his. gew-gaws,- au'd his'hqljl!. days? ; Did; not;tho freed Israelites long fori the flesh-pots, of Egypt,?.., AiW.iNoilV fthoro ls; np real slavery, till-tho.i slave doesrihos.^iviah ; to"esKipe.:i I;Oannotgive up niy.ailk:dresses' and ;hiy : little luxuries; and uny: pledsant' . fl,xc'teinent8.' •• I conld'not liveiii a print gown ' in a cottage, ^ft is ya«&r; for me tri silence1 my;deeper 'coriscieiicoy'arid:giye hp'my''liiglior' lave of art.' ? And-now y'oiif'in'ay/despise ! iwmuchM" yWu,lijce^:j^ill xiekV,o>-ci'^pfsc!' | me as- n>ucl^,.aii, LyearA ago, ,if , j.<;hail /.j)Qea1,)v»riie°d<'^(iaVra' shr.lhtw. iiisiiiOTre.jstiflud; creature :1/should, be to-day,, i.shouldihave said.that itiwus! im-. i'lxjssihle."-,,:;^') lialf} .VCTh:!!i> {!;«• .h-Aij. J..U X"it'havejbeea-:sincere: euoujrh'to-'me .saidjFratik.' i:» ir.itii' n (»;v.v. ..j .-jai'i:: ■'Tfie ia%:"laiigl)ed^thatr-'bitterMaugh at' ;>vhich,.Fwuk;;had;'ofteh'.'wbridered: '"'f "Sin a caged! niitl 'i accept my^aga-'for;the'/sake;of/its 'sgarkling'. floor andjluiiip^^f'sugiir^; biit, I;\vill'never lei any -"wild..bird eu);e?;\wi^ that if is] ,a. .cage, . wliero .they must pipe jii rhyme aiid reason, and. nevermore like-.; . ' The-blackbird in the summer treea,"1' ' . .. .., S The'lark upon the hill, I^t loose their carols when they please, • ' Be quiet "when they will. " Your; ward's haye.cerlaiiily given force t.) many vague, waruiugs that have been mutter ing round me," said Frank. t;. ; >'ou "'^y always put up a wrecked boat for a beacon," she answered, lightly ; and, I suppose; that ought to comfort its drowiied CiiptaiiU"'i - : .w..::-:;s;; •" B#' if!ouS.'1l»ee«U'^iVwar'riing,''Whew!''i8: one to 6u'd! i-JjiiJiat*/;!'aifee'd 5 Fr.uikv ' ,' ','Oii'e inay avoid/a^hoaljibutrono^vishei'to iiiid the haven."; ^.'.f.-'v^; f" " Fiiiil the root of vou'r own nature," sho said. •' Because a plant has thriven well in certain soil and certain circumstances, is that any reason that its welfai-esliould bo enhanced by transplanting ? Tlie sacred (ire may well illuminate the lowliest du elling, but it should never be set to boil the stuck-pot in tliu kitchen. Even your favorite Burns, about whom I heard yon declaiming to Miss Ethel aud her betrothed (and Miss Everett Jo.iked scrutinising at Frank), even if he could not have lived on his best poems without Ellis laud farm and the excise; in fact, the fume his poems brought him c,jst only more than Eliisland and die excise could snpplv. Do you suppose thaL Jasmin, rhe French barber would have written his ' Francmuette,' and his exquisite ' Blind girl of Castlo-Cuille,' if he had rushed up lo Paris and bee nue a 'journalist!1 Where would the ' Excursion1 have bean if Wordsworth had felt that so many more tu satisfy the butcher 1 And, iMr. i\cili, let '.is lcet.'j» to the love which 1'ivcs us; for ourselves. That is tho love which briug-c inspiration." " I biilieve yon are of tlie opinion of the editor of t:ie (mutt who seemed to think I had better ^o 011 with my stone mason.-T," obierved Frank. '' In,iced I am," she said, very earnestly; 1 and if 1 had had any trade to stick to iu t!ie day of my temptation, perhaps I should not have fallen into the snare. .Am' now, she added playfully, "[ have given you such good advice, that if you prfiic by it", I shall ; think myself enLitled to oome down upon your Scotch household, aud make myself free j of your new-laid eg^s and fresh vegetables, ] and^hall never feel that you have wholly I distuarged tho debt- you will owo iuo.'t j (T<j be continued.) i 