LITERATURE. ? * ? TENNYSON'S HAROLD HxiiOLn : a Drama. By Alfred Tennyson. (H. S. King and Co.) An ambition is apparent among modern ?writers to ex tend and fill up the series of Shakspearc's historical plays. During the last few years,Jthe ' Lady Jane Grey ' of Mr. Ross Neill, Mr. Wills' s 'Charles the First,' Mr. Tom Taylor's ' 'Twixt Axe and Crown,' the 'Anthony Babington' of Violet Fane, and the ' Mary Tudor,' and . ' Harold ' of Mr. Tennyson, have brought before the public, in the closet or on the stage, one or other of our English monarchs. In a few cases only is there such ob vious intention to keep up the line of dramatic sequence as challenges comparison with Shakspearean chronicles. Among the works, however, in which such comparison is suggested, Mr. Tennyson's two dramns must be counted. At rirst glance An ambition of this kind appears laughable enougxi. ix is omy uu hixxum uiuu^ulb wa nuu tut* uuuiw sion of weakness that is unconsciously involved in the choice of a subject. Compared with his remaining works, ihe chronicle plays of Shakspeare are of small account. Some, of them may also rank ? as what, in the slang of the studio, are culled ' potrboilers.' The popularity of those who keep the stage is largely attributable to 'characters . which, like Falstaff and Shallow, are wholly imaginative. ' Richard the Third,' the. one historical piny which holds | . its own on the strength of a central and eminently . dramatic character, lives only, so far as the stage is con cerned, in Gibber's version. A man endowed with dramatic insight and creative imagination may take an historical per souage, shape it accordingto his own idea, and make of it what may claim to be an imaginary character. He may even; as an intellectual exercise, choose to set before the public a monarch 'in his habit as he lived.' The former method of treatment is exemplified in the 'Frani-ois Pre mier' of M. Victor Hugo, the second in the ' Louis XI.' of Alfred do Vigny. When, however, a writer deliberately selects historical characters for successive essays in dramatic art, he makes complete if unconscious avowal of incapacity for higher effort in the 6ame line. No man in whom strong dramatic leaven is working will be content with a method which, in some cases at least, suggest the idea that the artist is, a colourist and no draftsman, and is content to fill out the figures another hand has traced. It is difficult to imagine that the Laureate can hope for any increase of reputation from such work as he now at tempts. The author of 'Maud' and ' In Moinoriam,' and the versifier of so many legends from the ' Morte d' Arthur' will reap no added harvest of fame from his adaptations of Mr. Froude or Mr. Freeman. That but a small measure of dramatic faculty is accorded to Mr. Tennyson was evident from 'Mary Tudor.' His second attempt is weaker in all respects than the first, and lacks especially the animating presence of a central figure, which Mary, weak and hysterical as was her temperament, sup . plied. A drama intended to be immortal needs a hero of more backbone than Harold. A worthy, peaceable, God fearing Saxon, Harold is the sort of man who in later days would have. made an admirable county magistrate, but with whom the Fates or the Furies would scarcely at any time, and under any conditions, have concerned themselves. That he is brave is told us by the poet, who narrates his victories, and places in his mouth a few soldierly expressions. Ho has the obstinacy and reluctance to profit by advice which are characteristic of a young Englishman, and he is usually tender fai his dealings 'with those around him. From the Blameless King, whose presence hi the 'Idylls of the King' is the chief source of weakness, he differs only in that he is shown to be capable of infirmity. He is equally uninteresting, if a little more human. His first speech is rather cumbrous banter : — . ' Hail, Gamel, son of Orm ! Albeit no rolling stone, my good friend Gamel, Thou hast rounded since we met. Thy life at home Is easier than mine here. Look ! am 1 not Work- wan, flesh-fallen?' A second speech addressed to tihe same individual is cheery and noble. Gomel speaks of the discontent in Northumber land aroused by the high-handed proceedings of the man destined to be subsequently his murderer — Harold's brother Tostig, To this Harold replies :— ' Stand by him, mine old friend, Thou art a great voice in Northumberland ! Advise him : speak him sweetly, he will hear thee. He is passionate but honest. Stand thou by him ! ' In his next speech he claims an immunity from superstitious terrors far in advance of anything known in his days, and reminding us a little of Tressiliau, in Scott's 'Kcnilworth.' 'When Stigand, the uncanonical Archbishop of Canterbury, asks of the comet, whose appearance in the heavens is sup pose to presage the coming evils, ' ' Is that the doom of Eng land ?' Harold replies :— ' Why not the doom of all the world as well ? For all the world sees it as well as England. These meteors came and went before our day, Not harming any : it threatens us no more * Than French or Norman. War ? the worst tliat follows Things that seemed jerk'd out of the common nit Of Nature is the hot religious fool, Who, seeing war in heaven, for heaven's credit Makes it on earth.' His next words contain a request to King Edward for per mission to hunt in Nonnandy, which the Confessor, sus pecting the schemes of William, whom he calls the fox-lion, refuses. Acquiescing reluctantly in the prohibition, Harold expresses his determination to take his hounds and hawks to Flanders. A scene of disputation follows between the sous of Godwin, in which Harold shows his affection for his brothers' Gurth and Lcofwin, and inflicts upon the turbulent Tostig some advice concerning1 the government of his realm — for such it may be called— which the Litter angrily and contemptuously rejects. After the departure of Tostig, Harold lectures Gurth and Leofwin, his brothers, and the Queen, his sister, upon their boyish disputes : — ' Why, boys will fight. Leofwin would often fight me, and I beat him. Even old Gurlh would fight. I bad much ado To hold mine own against old Gurth. Old Gurlh, We fought like great states for grave cause ; but Tostig On a sudden — at a something — for a nothing — The bojywould fist me hard, and when we fought I conquer' d, and he loved me none the less, Till thou wouldst get him all apart, and tell him That, where he was but worsted, he was wronged. Ah ! thou hast taught the king to spoil him too ; Now the spoilt child sways both. Take heed, take heed ; Thou art the queen ; ye are boy and girl no more ; Side not with Tostig in any violence, Lest thou be sideways guilty of the violence.' We sec in all these speeches a well-meaning honourable man, but fail to trace anything heroic or oven characteristic. There is not a word that might not be spoken by almost any brave and virtuous character in history. Harold's wooing of Edith in the second scene fails to reveal any more decided phase of character. He likens her to a night ingale, kisses her once, declares his intention to demand her hand of the king, whose ward she is, and endeavours to dis sipate the fears bred in her by troublous dreams, to which he gives a common-place interpretation. Succeeding incidents do jiot mip.irt to the chametor more distinctness of outline; Wrecked on the Norman coast, Harold scolds the fishermen, whose misleading lights have been the cause of his calamity, and Guy of Ponthieu, who, according to the custom of the time, looks upon shipwrecked men as prisoners of war, and detains them for the purpose of putting them to ransom. Once his anger almost over masters him, and he says to the principal among the fisher men, ' I have a mind to brain thee with mine axe.' It is not until Harold has been ransomed by William of Nonnandy, and retained by that grim, cruel, and astute count at ' his court, that an3r opportunity of developing character is exhibited. Moved by the intercessions of Wulfnolh, his youngest brother, kept as a hostage in Nor mandy, and by the counsels of Malet, a Norman noble, thoroughly friendly to the English, Harold gives the pro mise required of hiin by William that he will back his pre tensions to the throne of England. A trick of the Norman count then extorts from him an oath to the same effect, which, having once given his promise, he cannot withhold. This oath, according to tradition, is sworn upon the bones of the Nonnan saints. Here, if anywhere, is the oppor tunity for a dramatist to show of what he is capable. The inentil struggle through which Harold passes might be laid bare, and the contention between pity for his brother and regard for his own security, on the one hand, and respect for a word not lightly to be pledged, on the other, might be rendered highly interesting and dramatic. In a strain of true poetry, Wulfnoth tells of his longing to revisit his native shore, and with passion he describes his fear of the oubliettes in the castle of William, at Bayeux. When Wulfnoth asks him to lie for the sake of Edith, Harold finds nothing newer to answer than — ' There thouprick'st me deep. ' ' Wulfnoth. And for our Mother England P 'II ahold. Deeper still.' The subsequent scene, in which his promise is extorted, is purposely set in a low key. It cannot, however, escape the ? charge of tameness. William demands — ' Why then the heir of England, who is he?' and the dialogue proceeds as follows : — ' Harold. The Atheliug is nearest to the throne. ' William. But sieklv, slight, half-witted, and a child, Will England have him king ! ' II Ail. It may be, no. 'Will. And hath King Edward not pronounced his heir? ' ' Hah. Not that I know. ' W ill. AVhen he was here in Nonnandy, He loved us and we him, because we found him A Norman of the Normans. 'Hah. So did we. ' Will. A gentle, gracious, pure, and saintly man ! And grateful to the hand that shielded, him, He promised that if ever he were king In England, ho would give his kingly voice To me as his successor. Knowest tliou this ? ' Hah. I leam it now. ' Will. Tliou knowest I am his cousin, And that my wife descends from Alfred ? ' Hah. Ay. ' Will. Who hath a better claim then to the crown So that ye will not crown the Athcling ? 'Hau. None that I know . . . if that but hung upon King Edward's will. ' Will. Wilt thou uphold my claim ? 'Malet (aside to II ahold). Be careful of thine answer, my good friend. ' Wulfnoth (aside to Harold). Oh ! Harold, for my sake and for thine own ! 'Hah. Ay ... if the king have not revoked his promise. ' ' Will. But hath he done it then ? ' Hah. Not that I know. 'Will. Good, good, and thou wilt help me to the crown ? ' Hah. Ay ... if the Witan will consent to this. ' ' Will. Thou art the mightiest voice in England, man, Thy voice will lead the Witan — shall I have it ? 'Wulfnoth (aside to ILvholu). Oh! Harold, if thou love thine Edith, ay. 'Hah. Ay, if— ' Malet (aside to Harold). Thine 'ifs' will sear thine eyes out — ay. ' Will. I ask thee,'wilt thou help me to the crown? And I will make thee my great Earl of Earls, Foremost in England and in Nonnandy ; Thou shalt be verily king — all but the 'name — For I shall most sojourn in Normandy ; And thou be my vice-king in England. Speak. 'Wulfnoth (aside to Hahold). Ay, brother — for the sake of England — ay. 'Hau. My lord— ' Malet (aside to Harold). Take heed now. ' Hah. Ay. ' AVill. I am content, For thou art truthful, and thy word thy bond. To-morrow .will we ride with* thee to Harfleur. {Exit William. 'Malet. Harold, I am thy friend, one life with thee, And even as I should bless thee saving mine, I thank thee now for having- saved thyself. [Exit Malet. ' Hah. For having lost myself to save myself, Said ' ay' when I meant ' no,' lied- like a lad That dreads the pendent scourge, said ' ay' for ' no !' Ay ! No I — he has not bound me by an oath — Is* ' ay' an oath i is ' ay' strong as'an oath ? Or, is' it the same sin to speak iny word As break mine oath ? He call'd my word my bond ! He is a liar who knows I am a liar, And makes believe that he believes my word — The crime be on his head — not bounden — no.' In the determination to break; his oath, and secure for him self the crown he has promised to another, Harold does not show to great advantage. His abandonment of Edith, whom he has always loved, and his marriage with Aldwyth, whose husband, the King of Wales, he lias slain, and whose passion for him is partly responsible for the catastrophe, show likeindecision of character. Edith,itistrue,hasbeensolemnly withheld from him by Edward. His vows to her have, however, been, in the words of one of the old dramatists, ' Of deeper, stronger growth Than the sharp word of one farewell can sever.' Without much attempt to free himself from the toils in which ho is wrapt, he yields to considerations of prudence. But in the fight with liis brother 'iostig, and with Harold Httidrada, Ins ally, and in the subsequent combat with William, Harold acquits himself like a man. There is, too, a martial ring «bout his address to the Thanes after the battle of Stamford. In his sleep before the battle of Hastings or Senlac, Harold is visited, like Richard the Third, 'by the ghosts of those whose destiny h:is buen leagued with his own, including' the ghost of Wulfnoth, which is remarkable as the spectre of n. man presumably still living. Like Richard, too, he rises from liis couch grasping liis weapons and defying the evil auguries. This speech is the most powerful in the play : — 'Away! My baille- axc against your voices. Peace ! The king's last word — - (he arrow !' I shall die — I die for England then, who lived for England — What nobler ? men must die. I cannot fall into a falser world — I have done no man wrong. Tostig, poor brother, Art thou so anger'd ? Fain had 1 kept thine earldom in thy hands Save for thy wild and violent will that wrenched All hearts of free men from thee. 1 could do No other than this way advise thp king Against the race of Godwin. Is it possible That mortal men should bear (heir earthly heats Iulo yon bloodless world, and threaten us thence Unsrliool'd of Death '( Thus then thou art revenged — I left our England naked to the South To meet thee in the North. The Norseman's raid ? Hath helpt the Norman, and the race of Godwin Hath ruiii'd Godwin. No— our waking thoughts Suffer a stonnless shipwreck in the pools Of sullen slumber, and arise again Disjointed : only dreams — where mine own self Takes part against myself ! Why 't for a spark Of self-disdain bom in me when I swore Falsely to 'lim, the falser Nonnan, over His gilded ui-k of mummy-saints by whom I knew not that I sware, — not for myself — For England — yet not wholly ? ' A passage descriptive of the death of the Norwegian Icing is vigorous : — 'Ay, my girl, no tricks in him — No bastard he ! when ail was lost, he ycll'd, And bit his shield, and dash'd it on the ground, And swaying his two-handed sword about him, Two deaths at every swing, ran in upon us And died so, and I loved him as I hate This liar who made mo liar. If Hate can kill, And Loathing wield a Saxon but tlo-axe ? ' From this moment Harold disappears, the manner of his death being1 described by Stigand to Alice, his companion in the Royal tent, whence the field of battle can be contemplated. Not one feature in the king attains heroic dimemsions; not one speech that he makes has tragic dignity or dramatic power. Of the principal personages there is none stands forth boldly, unless it is Stig-and, tiie Archbishop of Canter bury. Edward is described in one speech spoken by himself : — ' In heaven signs ! Signs upon earth ! signs everywhere ! your Priests Gross, wordly, siinoniacnl, unleam'd! They scarce can rend their Psalter ; and your churches Uncouth, unhandsome, while in Normanland God speaks thro' abler voices, as He dwells Iu statelier shrines. I say not this, as being1 Half Norman-blooded, nor as some have held, Because I love the Norman better— no, But dreading God's revenge upon this realm For narrowness and coldness : and I say it For the last time perchance before I go To find the sweet refreshment of the Saints. I have lived a life of utter purity : I have builded the great church of Holy Peter ; I have wrought miracles — to God the glory — And miracles will in my name be wrought Hereafter. I have fought the fight and go — I see the flashing of the gates of pearl — And it is well with me, tho' some of you Have scorned me — ay — but after I am gone Woe, woe to England ! I have had a vision'; The seven sleepers in tho cave at Ephesus Have turned from right to left.' We fail, however, to grasp a very clear idea of the man, and this speech is chiefly noteworthy for the opportunity of reply its termination affords Harold — ' My most dear master, What matters ? Let them turn from left to right, And sleep again.' Edith is a mere shadow. The author has, however, sentimentalized her less than Lord Lytton iu his gush ing novel on the same subject. indeed some para graphs at the end seem to indicate that Mr. Tennyson takes the view of the relations between Harold and Edith which tradition preserved. Aldwyth's passion for the slayer of her husband gives her a semblance of life; but she can scarcely claim to be a recognizable figure, nor are the manner of her scheming and the means by which her prey is captured very clearly shown. Among the subordinate per sonages, William, Gurth, Malet the Norman noble, and Wulfnoth stand forth most distinctly. Yet tho whole is nebulous, and the figures, like those of men iu a fog, are lost the moment they recede. The general treatment is not more dramatic than are the characters. A solemn note of preparation is sounded by the appearance of the comet, which ' From its horrid hair Shakes pestilence and war. ' The account of it is, however, open, to the charge ihai it is mere poetical description, broken into sentences, and divided between different speakers : — ' Lo ! there once more — this is the seventh night ! Yon grimly-glaring, treble-brandLsh'd scourge Of England! Horrible ! Look you, there's a star That dances in it as mad with agony ! Ay, like a spirit in Hell who skijjs and flies To light and left, and cannot scape the flame. Steam'd upward from the undesccndable Abysm, or floated downward from the throno Of God Almighty. ***** It glares in heaven, it flares upon the Thames, Tho people are as thick as bees below. They hum like bees — they cannot speak — for awe ; Look to the skies, then to the river, strike Their hearts, and hold their babies up to it.' These lines, with the addition of half-a-dozen others omitted where we liave inserted asterisks, are divided among six speakers. They might almost, however, be taken as narrative. It is worth while to compare for a moment the manner in which the master-spirit uses like materials. When, after the murder of Duncan, Macduff and Lennox enter to Macbeth, and Lennox is left alone while Macduff goes to awaken the king, the following conversation takes place : — ' Lennox. The night has been unruly : where we lay, Our chimneys were blown down ; and, as they say, Lamentings heard i' the air ; strange screams' of death, And prophesying with accents terrible Of dire combustion and confused events New hatch'd to the woeful rime : the obscure bird Clainour'd the live-long night : some say, the earth Was feverous and did shake. 'Macbeth. 'Twas a rough night. ' Lennox. My young remembrance cannot parallel A fellow to it.' Here the blending of the familiar and the terrible is pro foundly effective ; the suggestion of horror is oppressive, yet the whole remains colloquial. Very much finer than the opening passages is the descrip tion, by Aldred, of one who passing by Senlac hill, the scene of the coming combat, heard ' A ghostly horn Blowing continually, and faint battle hymns And cries, and clashes, and the groans of men ; And dreadful shadows strove upon the hill, And dreadful lights crept up froin out the marsh — Corpse-candles gliding over nameless graves.' . In ' an equally high strain is the scene con' tinucd. Edward, sleeping, catches the name Senlae, which is pronounced, finds in it an answer to his thoughts and fears, and dies with a sort of play upon the name hi his mouth : — 'A lake, A sea of blood — we are drown'd in blood— for God Has filled the quiver, and Death lias drawn the bow — Sanguehic! Sang-uelac ! the arrow! the arrow! [j'-«w.' These exclamations, repeated by Stigand at tlie close of his description of the combat, convey the only information he gives as to the fate of the king1. His List words lire — ' Sanguelac — Ssinguelac — the arrow — the arrow! — away !' Some sweet lyrics arc introduced. One especially, eon' calling 'Two younglovers in winter weather,' is supremely dainty. Passages of poetic fiincy are also to be found. Wulfuoth's lamentation is very beautiful : — ' Yea, and I Shall see the dewy kiss of dawn no more Make blush the maiden- white of our tall cliffs, Nor mark the sea-bird rouse himself and hover Above the windy ripple, and fill the sky With free sea-Laughter— never — save indeed Thou canst make yield this iron-mooded Duke To let me go.' The failure of ' Harold ' to satisfy the exigencies of dramatic art — a failure which will obtain recognition the moment the froth of adulation, which in England passes for crilicism, has blown away, and the play finds its place among its author's compositions — does more than prove that Mr. Tennyson has no aptitude for dramatic composition. Taken with the fate of olher iffjrts of the day in the same direction, it seems to show that the drama is no longer an available method of utterance for poets, and that the time when it could with advantage be allied to the highest order of poetry is over. Pieces in which genuine poetry may be traced' find their way'occasionally to the board's, where they obtain that barrenest of triumphs, a succes d'estinie, and are withdrawn. It is to be hoped that ' Harold' will not share the fate on the stage of ' Mary.' It is still more to be hoped that our groat lyrist will doff tho cumbrous dramatic armour in which he walks uneasily, and will return to the forms of composition in which his chief, if not his only, triumphs have ^een won. — Athenaeum. 