?':.: A STRANGE GHOST STORY. ..'My friend, Colonol Sir William D ? , an officer in the British array, having ceon much service in various parto of the V7orld, has been for aome time residing in PariB with hie family, consisting of his wife, two sons, and a highly accomplished and charming do.ughte-% From Sir William and his daughter I have the following ? story, which I give — changing only the nomeo -and initials of the parties — exactly an they told it to me a few evenings ago ; The eldoot son, ?when pursuing hia Dtudieo0 a very few yearn ... since, as the military College of Sandhurst, near ...London, was on-intimate terms wi h anotker of the cadets, whom we will call Horfcly. Young H?rtly was a general favourite in the college, a pvomioing active young fellow, fond of the ..sjpoits usually ployed by young men in England, and especially addicted to cricket One Saturday afternoon, young Hartly having been absent for some time from the college on a visit to hio parents in London, the p pilo all turned out for . a game of cricket. It was a very aunny afternoon; tho cricket ground was full of animation, a^d the game was going on merrily. Presently, to the Burprise and satisfaction of all the pupilc, young , Hartly was seen to eator tho ground, dreaned a3 usual, and looking in all reopeoto exactly like his ? ,. usual self. He went up to the uahera and ohook . hando with them, and with a number of the pupils. Al present appsai* to have aeen him , ? .?perfectly, and to have felt planned at oeoing him ? come back. Presently he threw himoelf on the ground, took a cigar fv-m hia pooket, lighted it, and began to smoke »v ..toning the game, mean «? ? while, with his uoual interoofc, and every now -? and then commenting upon its progreDD, criticise ing this stroke, applauding fchafe, and seeming on intent on the game no any of the players. AC length he suddenly drew out hio watoh, and started fco bis feet, exclaiming : ' I am wanted in London afc four o'clock, and I muiit be off at once, for I have jast time to catch '-he train,' and rushed from tho ground in the direction of the railway station. Much surprised at do ouddona departure, several of the pupils took out_ their watches and discuused hia chanceo of boing in London by four o'clock, an it then wanted but a few minutes of that hour. Nest day brought to the astonished ?nmatea of the college the news of you'jgHartlj'o death, which occurred the preceding day at hip father's bonae, exactly at four o'clock. Ho had fallen ill during hie visit home, and as was afterwards anoertaineds had not left his bed from the time of bis falling ill. It was alao ascertained that during the whole of that last day, through which he lay in a sort of quiet 8tuponr8 his mother had nevei: left his bedside. 'We've aeon a real apparition for once in our Jivee I' wag the shndderii g admission of the cadoto whf n the news of Hartly'c decenne . reaohed them. Bat the awkwardness of ouch an admission, and the impossibility of claeeifying or explaining so inconvenient a fact as the visible and taLgible presence of fchei oomrade on the ' ... »orioket ground while he was really dying in hia bed in London, were too obviona not to produce a, certain reaction ; and so it came to pass that, in coor&'e of time, the cadeta gave up the idea of ? having ?? seen an appaution,' and settled down on the more convenient hypothesis of an ''hal- luoinatioB.' A few of tho number, hov/ever, of ' whom youp.g D ? is one, persist firmly in their firet belief in regard to thio remarkablo incident, p.nd stoutly dcJeiare that they did sco, touch, and hear tho perfect imuge of thoir friend, . though utterly unable to exp ain tho nature of suoh an appearance. — Nation. 