SLAUGHTER OF MARSUPIALS,-In our telegraphic news published in last Friday's issue, there was an item from Gunnedah, which stated that "eight hundred " kanga roos were yarded and killed at Trinkey station, where a party of gentlemen had, by arrangement, met for the purpose of destroying these intruders, that are so inconveniently numerous on many of the pastoral estates of the colony. The follow ing extract from the Namoi Independent, shows that our figures in the telegram referred to were incorrect, and that the almost incredible niumber of eight thousand were slaughtered:-" From a gentleman who has just returned from the Trinkey hunt, we learn that on Saturday, the first day of the battue, forty-six horsemen yarded and killed 6,964 kangaroos. These were counted in the yards, and our infor mant states that there must have been nearly 400 destroyed in and about the the wings of the yard. These numbers are irrespective of joeys; and, at this season of the year nearly every female carries one or two young ones in her pouch which, when hard pressed, she throws out, we may fairly conclude upwards of 8000 in all destroyed. The hunt continued on Mon day, Tuesday, and Wednesday, but we have not yet heard particulars. The yards, on the occasion, were not those pre viously used, but situated on a part of the run lying near the Bando boundary; and the drive commenced near Lake Goran. If all the owners or managers of stations in this district were as energetic and enter prising as Mr. Mevil, of Trinkey, there would be a different tale to tell about the dying stock. IMPORTANT TO HOTELKEEPERS. - An English gentleman occupying a room at an hotel went to bed without locking the door, although he had left on his dressing table a costly watch, a diamond ring, and other jewellery; and during the night thieves broke in and stole ; whereupon he brought a suit against the landlord. The defence was (I) a plea of contributory neg ligence-the plaintiff ought to have locked the door; and (2) limitation of liability-a notice posted in the vestibule restricted the landlord's liability to £30. The Lord Chief Baron early in May overruled both pleas, and ordered a verdict for the whole amount of the stolen goods. He decided that it would be mischievous to hold that a guest of an hotel is under any obligation to lock the door of his room. The omission of a single word in the printed notice vitiated the second plea. THE SEA SERPENT.-This monster will always have an interest for the curious- Commander Hugo L. Pearson, of the Os- borne Royal yacht, which arrived at Ports- mouth from the Mediterranean on June 11, has forwarded to the Admiralty, through Admiral Sir George Elliot, the commander- in-chief, a report respecting a sea monster the yacht encountered during her home- ward voyage. The report states that on June 2, while the yacht was proceeding round the north coast of Sicily towards Cape Vito, the officer on watch observed a long ridge of fins, each about 6ft long, moving slowly along, the sea being very calm at the time. He called for a telescope, and was at once joined by other officers. The Osborne was steaming westward at a speed of about ten and a half knots an hour, and the fins were progressing in an east- wardly direction. As the yacht met the fins those on board noticed the foremost part of a gigantic sea monster. Its skin was apparently devoid of scales, and was almost as sleek as a seal. The head was bullet-shaped, with an elongated termina- tion, being somewhat like that of a seal, and about 6ft in diameter. Its features were only seen by one officer, who described them as like those of an alligator. The neck appeared to be narrow, and the body was somewhat like that of a turtle, a fin about 15ft long extending from either side. The appearance of the monster is accounted for by a submarine volcano which occurred north of Galita, in the Gulf of Sunice, about the middle of May. The spot in question is about 100 miles distinct from where the monster is reported to have been seen. A GiiosT AT ALnDEanorTT.-Tha London Times has a ghost story. For a month tlhe camp at Aldershott was visited nightly by an aggressive spirit. It was no respecter of persons or rank, it pummelled haughty officers in the ribs, and gave humble pri vates black eyes. ..private of the 10th saw it one night, and was abashed. It was mnidnight, and the sentry perceiving some thing advancing towards him gave the usual challenge, to which no reply was made. The challenge was repeated, whereupon the ghost went to the sentry-box, slapped the soldier several times in the face, and before he could recover from Ilis confusion made off across the common witlh astonishing bounds. The soldier, in his excitement, loaded his rifle and fired, but missed his aim. Theoghost went towards the Military Cemetery, and isn a similar nmnner at tempted to frighten a private in the 100th Regiment, wlho was on guard by a powder magazine. Again .was a gun fired, and again did the ghost stalk off unharmed. A fortnight afterwards the ghost pounced upon another soldier and endeavoured to snatch away his rifle. A sharp struggle ensued, which ended by the soldier receiv ing a pair of black eyes and. losing his shako, which was found next morning .in the canal. Another sentry was accosted in the ctamp by some one with a mask, who informed him that he-was the much- dreaded ghost, and his object was to show. the nation how easily lie could frighten the soldiers of the present day. CoecLUSIVE.-A mother and father were trying to persuade their daughter to marry a man she. did not love. But'the girl objected, and on being asked for her objectiohs, she replied, " Well, in the first place, he is stupid." ".Now, hold on, my child," put in her mother . "that .is no reason at all. Didn't I marry your father '" Fon AsTaeoNo~l~Ea,-Evory honeymoon has a min in it, THE LATE MINISTILY.-In SO article on the retirement of the late Ministry, the A us'rlasian bas the following --Tihe shameless eagerness andi greed m'auifested bythe Opposition, shown by most unseemly sad disorderly interrluptions to thile digni fled statement of Sir Hf. Parkecs in annouc ing his r.esignation, do not offer a very encouragilg omen for the sidrit sad chareC ter of'the Government formed out of such cleiments. Neither is there any high ground if hople afstrdcd by the lesrsonal comlpsi. tion of the new Ministry. Sir John Ihobertson has had to go low and lower for colleagues, and his Ministry is a fitting out conle of the claptrap resolution to which it owes its beieg. The best that canbe lhoped is that the inevitable dissolutiohi will not le long delayed, and tlhat an Assciibly which has two or three times failed to supr ply from its midst a Ministry which it could support may give place to bne einbodying theL feelii?gs of thie countiry Arith rega~l, to these recent proceediigs.. ' ': i TIIE \WEATIiERIA AALIUtaY.-?The Albury correspondent of the lHerald; writing on the 18th instant, says:-The continnation of the dry weatler is becoming a noe serious matter every week, as apart fromn the fears entertaiied for next summer, the supply of water in many plhices is evei now giving out. I refer of course only to the back country, where the entire dependence is upon tanks, which have never yBt been filled up siice the last drought. In other resoectsithe country generally looks well. as with the late extraordinarily mild weather the spring of grass hais been rapid land lusxurlant. Comnplaiints ar de ina i sone parts that the young feed is purging the stock badly, and neither cattle nor horses generally can be described as strong. Stock and station sales in this district are dull people in fact are afraid to buy just now, even if stores were plentiful, whici they are not. TonPEDo EsXsEIrENTw.-Th.e ann0ouneC ment of Mr. E. C. Cracknell's intention of conducting some torpedo experiments in the Milton oeach, on Saturday afternoon (says the Courier of tile 13th instant), sue.c dcceded in drawing a large number of people in tlsis direction, Tile spot chosen for the exp'iTirm'enti was at the upper portion of the reach, nearly opposite tile residence of Mr. W. H, Walsh, M.L.A., and by the time notified for them to take place, the banks of the river in the vicinity, and also along portions of the North Quay commanding a view of the reach, were lined with crowds of spectators. Four or five boats or small punts had been moored in a line and con. nected with a battery on the steamer Laura, The principal charge was contained in a torpedo under a punt a alort distance abloo the Laura, this hobarge consisting of 70 lbs, of dynamite, which has about the same explosive power as gun cotton, the sub. stance ordinarily used for torpedoes. Just about the time mentioned, a good-sized boat anchored some httle distance above the punt over this charge, began to drag her' mooring, and drifted against it. Almost immediately a signal was given by the fir ing of a gun from the North Quay, connec tion was closed by the battery on tie Laura, and a terrific explosion tookl place, which caused an immense volume of water, covering an area at its base of from 100 to 150 feet to rise into the air about 200 feet, and which, spurting out in all directions, curled over atnd fell to the surface in a manner suggestive of the water falling from a huge fountain. The sun's rays reflected on the body of water, had a very pretty effect. The boat and the punt wore shat tered into fragments, which, together-with thousands of small fish, were seen floating on the surface after the effect of the explo sion. had subsided. The fact of the boat drifting against that under which the charge was placed, created the impression amongst many of the spectators that the explosion was caused by the contact. The charge was fired by magneto-electricity, with a detonator in the charge. This experiment was witnessed by his Excellency Sir William Jervois and Colonel 80ratchley, who, with the Premier and Lieutenant Berkeley, A.D.C., were on board the Laura at thie time, and who returned to town by land immediately after it was over. The first and principal experiment was carried out with the aid of an electric wire brought specially from Sydney for the purpose, and with this no diffllculty was experienced, For the purpose of exploding the other charges, hooever, some ordinary telegraph office connection wire was brought into requisition. Before the first experiment was over, the ebb 'ide was running very rapidly, and the moorings of the torpedoes not being sufficiently heavy, they shifted; thus a heavy strain was put upon the wire which destroyed its continuit, so that no further experiment could be made. How THE ltUssraNs CavP.-0Tho Jour cal de Geneva gives a curious account of the manner in which the IRuessians " encamp." As far as possible the open air, and pick themselves " as close ais sardicies" in any. available house. At leni, where there are about 800 houses, most of them small and with only one story, the authori. ties succeeded in lodging 15,000 men; in a neighbouring village of 200 huts, 5000 men were lodged. Where room cannot be found for the troops, those unprovided for set to work to anilke their own shelter. "A large deep hole is dug in the ground, the size of it depending upon the number of men that are to lodge in it. As soon as the excavation is completed a large bonfire is lit in the hole to dry theb earth, and then a roof to-it is mada 'with planks and thebo branches of trees. A company in ordinary weather can lodge themselves in this way in four or five hours, but when it rains. the taske of making the shelter is niaturally more tedious and difficult. In some of these underground huts 'as nany as a hundred' men are acddmmoddated,' Botl 'iinfantr. and cavalry'resort to the same means of procuring shelter, and horses and niaen sleep hIuddled togethler." BottaRDtENT OP CONSUtAxTES AT oaST CHv.--On the 25.h June inftlormation was received that the English consulate at Iustchukl, with a large Union Jack floating over it, seemed to have been specially singled out for concentrated fire and was destrbyed, while the French and German consulates at Konak nod.several' hospitals were 'much damaged. The Bhlgarian quarter of the town suflered most. Nobody at any of the consulates was harmed. The consuls are drawing up a protest against the conduct of' the Russians, as beiang against all principles of international law?s'. Telegrams from several distinct. sources (says thie Vienna correspondent of the Daily Telegraph) state that'.the Russian, fire srom Giurgevo yesterday was chiefly directed against the fdilg-n consulates at RIlustchuk, The anglish and German con sulates.wer ei tirely destroyed, the French and Austrian seriously damaged, while the Turkish cntrenchmlirent were only slightly injured." Only one soldier was killed, whereas about 100 civilians were badly wounded, and among them three Austrian ladies. A SrEWLY fledged country editor cam-, pares Marshal LMaolMabonsa conduct of public affaiirs to the freitl of a tiad captain, who 'took the wheel of his vessel and brit for the interposition of his crew would have dashed her against the rocks, Query -Would Marshal M'Mahon aeris Franca thus P 