PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS. Have a care of your entertainments. — Merry Wives, IV., 5' Victoria Theatre. " No better proof of the popularity of Mr. Dampier in Sydney could be adduced than the crowded state of the Victoria Theatre on Satur day night to witness his appearance in "Macbeth." It is no slight compliment to him to say that the change of " bill " was altogether premature. Everything that is best in th dramatic instincts of the theatrical-going portion of the inhabitants of Sydney had been called forth by his representation of " Hamlet." However much differences of opinion may exist as to the correctness of his conception, or his rendering of individual speeches and passages, one verdiot alone was given about the distinct merit of his performance as a whole. The interest of the public was being fairly aroused, and the tragedy would have drawn for several nights longer. It is to be hoped that this un necessary break-in upon an undoubted run will not interfere with the general success of Mr. Dampier's season. Mr. Dampier's interpretation of the character of Macbeth is evidently the result of some considerable thought and no little intel ligence. The vacillation and criminal ambition of the barbarous chieftain as displayed in the first two acts were vividly pourtrayed, and the final climax when the conscience-struck usurper is brought to bay was, with the exception of one or two overdrawn points, admirably depicted. The absence of Banquo's ghost from the ban queting scene made the whole of that scene, in spite of Mr. Dam pier's efforts to be effective, absolutely and irretrievably flat. It will take a greater tragedian than he to move an audience by apostro phising an empty chair. The thoughtless innovators who first were guilty of this act of abject folly have much to answer for. Another blot on the performance was the wretched music throughout the piece, which displayed as much want of melody on the part of the orchestra as it showed want of carefulness on the part of those who produced the tragedy. Miss Bowring as Lady Macbeth was tame and stagey. Mr. Bland Holt made a jump from the first gravedigger to the first witch, and, excellent as he was in the former character, he is still better in the latter. " Much ado about Nothing " was produced on Tuesday to a good but not crowded house. Of Mr. Dampier it is enough to say that in the character of Benedick he falls very little, if at all below the level of his other performances. The dialogue with Beatrice in the last scene but one was his most applauded, and certainly his happiest effort. Miss Bowring made an excellent Beatrice, and displayed acting less unworthy of licr reputation than has been her habit of late. Mr. Fulford as Claudio was the best dressed man in the comedy, and by no means the worst actor. Dogberry and Verges received ample justice at the hands of Messrs. Holt and Tolano. The success of Mr. Bartlett as Don Pedro was rendered impossible by the huski- ness of his voice, while, in addition, he seemed anything but at ease in the folds of a long funeral cloak, the absurd appearance of which was intensified by the fact that it was matched by a similar piece of dress hanging from the shoulders of Mr. Seagrave, who stumbled through his scenes in a characteristic manner. No part was better filled than that of Leonato, by Mr. Jones, whose success in it was unequivocal. Theatre Royal. Mrs. Bates — an old Sydney favourite— appeared at this theatre on Monday last, in " Queen Elizabeth." This grand historical play has been adapted for the English stage from that written for Madame ltistori, who, it will be remembered created quite a f urore by her con summate pourtrayal of the character of Queen Elizabeth, Marie Antoinette, Judith, &c.;, &c.; No unworthy follower of the renowned Tragedienne has Mrs. Bates proved herself. Her impersonation of the Queen was quite a masterpiece, and evoked rounds of applause from first to last. But when the fact is taken into consideration that Mrs. Bates has not the advantage of the support of as highly a trained company as that brought out by Madame Eistori, for the express purpose of producing these historical plays, it is more than credit able to this young and talented artiste to have achieved so undoubted a success. Mr. Punch begs here to notify that he does not at all desire by these remarks to depreciate the very meritorious efforts of the company at the Royal. It is not fair to draw comparisons which, as Dogberry says, are "odorous," between the performance of "stars" who visit this colony. If that were tolerated as a rule, no comedian would be considered worthy of patronage who was not a veritable Charles Mathews, no tragedian unless a Brooke or Keane, no instrumentalist unless a Levy or Boulanger, while no vocalist, unless a Barratti, Kate Hayes, or Sara Flower, would be acceptable to a colonial audience. Mrs. Bates has shown a wise discretion in following as strictly as may-be the interpretation of Madame Eistori, and she may be congratulated upon the fidelity, reality, and vigour with which she represented the various peculiarities of the character of " Queen Elizabeth." Mrs. Bates was ably supported by Mr. Chaplin as " Essex," the glove scene especially being remarkable for considerable dramatic action. Miss Young represented "Lady S, Howard" with much care, and contributed no little to the success of the performance. The piece was elegantly mounted, and placed on the stage in every way creditable to the managament of the Royal. Mr. Levy's Concert. If ever artiste— either musical, tragical, farcical, or otherwise — gained a complete triumph in New South Wales, Mr. Levy did on Tuesday evening last, when at the Masonic Hall he made his first bow before a Sydney audience. Mr. Levy as a cornet player fairly " outstrips all praise." He completely electrified his audience by his really mar vellous execution, together with the "silver sounds" evoked by him from his instrument. His reception was so enthusiastic and hearty that he must have fancied himself back in the old country bowing his customary bows to an Exhibition Building crowd of admirers. Mr. Levy fairly took his audience by surprise, aud was honoured with repeated recalls. His execution of "Alexis," a piece thoroughly suited for the purpose of exhibiting the wonderful command he possesses over the instrument, was simply magnificent. Mr. Levy has no reason to complain of the Sydney people for want of appreciation of his great genius. Mrs. Cutter — a lady new to Sydney, though why she has never before favoured us with her presence is a marvel — also appeared, and at once became a favourite. With but one or two exceptions, Sydney folks have heard no voice so pure, rich, and sweet as that of Mrs. Cutter. Her songs, too, are rendered with a charming simplicity of manner, and utter absence of affectation, with out any attempt at seeking applause by the use of needless flourishes and interpolations. Her rich contralto voice was heard to great ad vantage in " Rocked in the Cradle," <fcc., and reminded Mr. P. of days gone by, when Sara Flower used to reign supreme. Eosnati, too, was in magnificent voice. Mr. Foster, a pianist new to Sydney, and Mr. Broadhurst on the harmonium, also assisted. Mr. Levy's third con cert takes place on Saturday evening. Mr. Punch has very pleasurable recollections of certain popular concerts in London, at which the cornet player, par excellence, of the world — Mr. Levy — even then, some few years ago, was the great at traction. Why then does he not give the Australians a sample of those popular concerts, in which, at home, he has played so great a part, and in a building — say the Exhibition — in which the general public may have a cheap chance of hearing one of the musical won ders of the age ? Fakir of Oolu. The Fakir of Oolu has arrived, and commences a season of " mys teries" at the hall of the School of Arts on Saturday. 