trii©' Girl'lM*¿Ú¡&iMed;¡> ,..,""., '.J. Jacket. !«ri>/J'" In the summor186-^1 had reached ono ofthoso moments that sometimes1 happen' in life, when wo seem' to-have' como to an .nÄ'oiÄUitheiintefeBta of osistonce. ' '1 ' HowJD.had! boen:brought to-'the'-'hopo lessness of tho hour I can perhaps boat' explain tolmy reader by allowing a glimpse; of a letter :<-.' ^' "';. ?? \',i "Aud'so','my.dear Robbie, wo muât tie onoéj more Ï only/riflflii«.'111 nm áur'oi'nfterall ïbave B»id; yoa'oan understand that the."fátál 'dein-.' lion) in-regard toyour uncle's-piopoRy fal ls'ns heivjly upon mo rna > upou iyou ¡ and -you trill1 appreciate that I do not conceal, from y'otij' B'S' a mora artful girl might do, thnt it is solely on account of. the ,utihappy , termination ,- of your lawÀuit'tbàttniy decision has^boen made; ¡ , : " W ero, my; own incomp, withthe.additiqn of joiir ' Salary, sufficient to maintain , suoll < an, establishment as .our. position'1 in ! society de-, mandi;', wbat'different words I might pen !' ',' .. "But wo must be sensible; and wo must'bo bráve.toHad all been well, nothing, BU'ould havo prevented our return ia October, bad1 the' event,(of which, Ipfear;.wo bothi dreamod|'of sentimentally, .would; of courais have oóourred. As it.is.|I.'tbink ,wo sholl stay,,abroad rn- year longer.' spending,!J probably, tho-winter in. Bom'é. *';''"''!'.'',, "",'.".',., .\¡"> .-??!?. . ! "Aaiëû|my!gbod.Robbie, my Kind,, indul gent;'and'fbb'ibnaly'rómémbéred friend;^.Do. not'fofgot that whateverpangs of séparation" you may suffer aro shared by your ,faithful; but'dMÎScdvKi'i-' - -1 "AIUBB'I.LX'AISSÍEE.'' , '' A*fè.W;weélai 'kîter'T h^rocèived thia, lottbrj"ân'd"while tho kqon sense ¡.pf a' double wrong goadod. mo, to thbaghtB bf . tlie Darb"típdkuh " orden riraefc my friend Aifród:coit.,;,ir .''. -^'.¡'V-'. j&witb.;' a''"masculino delicacy for'^hícn, I forever give him 'credit, 'he,avoided allusion to my - mîsfortuno, and with artful transposition of porspn. assured me he was really ailing, and .begged me, SB a i good fellow, to run down with him, for' over Sunday, to Long Branch. ? ? Thora ie nothing so passive, aa misery. > A gay watéring-place , was . tho , last spot: my íólioice .inclined ' mo. to visit ; ¿overthe less/'at','thia porching-place of pleasure, and in tho [ very height of tho soasen, I: found myself'on tho morrow... ? Dear .reader*, -ypu ' have, I imagine, visited tliia' famous sea-sido. . You will, then,1 romembor whore, on tho beach, aear the lower bathing-plaoè, on unsightly .wro'cK tkruBts itself upward from :the sand. .Every year is burying it deeper ; but still its gray and rust-stained timbers mock tho oudeavours of storm and surf to quoll its impolont protest of indignation and bring it to the quiescent level of tho strand. It wan on that \vreck,_ piled with all tho abandon and graco feminine draperios BO well assist tho natural suavity of woman! to assume, that a morry group greeted our. " enrly . morniiig vision,".,as , wo strolled fortlii .at an hour, when Coit hod, assured me .iy'o'shpuld.hnvo tho,ocean to. ourselves,. In truth, vory few peoplo were, abroad. Brodkfast at tho hptol had hardly, oom ' meae'ed... ' "We had boon ourselves 'the 44 early 'birds " of that ropast, ; and 1 had. Witnessed, on our egress' from tho dining hall, a briof scene that must bo mentioned hw« for its connection "with my story. A slenderly formed woman, in deepeB mourning, and'veiled blackly almost t< ber feet,-appeared at the doorway of tbi " ladies' parlor," and with a few hast] strides was crossing the ball, toward thc stairway, when soddenly, with a half surpressod scream-an'exclamation'as ol mingled recognition and dread-she tossed her arms wildly upward and fell to the floor. . - - - The few peaple-happening to. be neal rushed to her assistance.: She was lifted gently and placed in a-reclining attitude upon the.sofa; but tho fact .became im mediately evident that whatever hod been the nature of her. attack, it had not left her ,in,; ¡a ¡ 'swoop..'-/, She . resisted,, with suiSciont, vivacity, to , attest her con sciousness, -any .Attempt: to bathe her ?temples', or çivè:.her . more . air; and |ipresently, at.her own order, was lifted j into' an arm-chair by the servants and carried np stairs. . . ???? !j ' , As we approached tho gay'group upon ¡the shore, beyond whom my gloomy mood {had,perceived. with, satisfaction a clear ¡expanse of solitude, what was. my dismay ¡to near, Alfred Coit exclaim.-, . -, : ,.? ! .¡"?"Why, hero, as good luck:willhave it, ¡wp chance..trbon', our, own party-Mimi, land May, and Netta, and tho boyB.. But !who," he added, hi tone of soliloquy, " is jthe' centre piece of this family monument ? A stranger to me,- I am eure. Do you recognize'her¡ Bob ?-tho girl in' the red jacket," '-': ; : ': ' :'. ,'.',' j 'The-young lady thus unceremoniously sketched' formed tho apex of tho pyramid that had boen'improvised upon tho wreck. Her. scarlet, jacket " defined vividly a softly curved figure ; tho delicately shaped faco, turned from us almost to profile, had its animated'contour cast in-to relief by a pale back-ground of blue mist ; while tho winds, pushing- baok to full length o cluster of "light brown curl«, along with the dark plume pf a coquettish little hat,; gavé: in conjunction with the jackets, martial dash of color, qaito a spirited air' -a sort, of liberty-cap or banner-aloft look' to tho whole gronp. 1 I ,'Tho tablean','_howeyór, did not stay ipr' elaborate'critioism, but at the first récog nition bf ónr'appiroach tumbled to pieces like a Chinese puzzle.. /, . The. boys rushed upon us yrith' tho' forocious appetito of two young oantibals. Mimi' 'flow to Alf with a-' kiss, and carno yéry' néor bestowing upon nie tho nnsis terly1 effusion of regard. Natta elong to Alf a' 'arm, . and - beamed -, unfeignedly gracious upon tho,' next,.'removal' to that primo object 'pf hor warmth. "May, the potted romp, made her'dual greeting, ¿OT-. diálly felt, ^and 'then introduced her companion : 11 . ! " Miss Reed," Mr.: L-- ; Miss Helen' Roed, my brother Alf." Í 'We strolled leisurely along the boach. Mimi, with a charming air of matronlincss -I-sho, had bsien , married : she . months attached -..-herself to me.' Alf sauntorod before ns, Not ta-on his arm,; and- convers-i ing'ivrith, Miss Reed. ' May prowled-, restlessly about; < evidently dying to boro., hor 'foot -Uko, the boys, and wade in the wako pf tho surf. , 11 i . . ? . i j .'f l-amiso-glad ybaioamo," 'said' Mimi ;i 'ythero is to be a boli to-night- af ancy ball, no masks. It was - impossible for George tb ¡be ¡here, and mother and I were wishing fpr^escerta,: . Alf always; i ft providential, ? dear folioWj and- 'What do you think of Miss Rood?": . j Gallantly checking the: words that arose t^> ïny lips, " Really I had not thought," .and'Unableat that < mbmont to reproduce in: mental . visions' the picture that had formed i itself upon my retina froni the ; wreck, I' now \ deliberately observed the young croaturd'as shechdttod with Alf. ; j " A very nico girl, I should think." ? '? i " We think her a beauty," said Mimi. "¡Certainly she is,'as you say, a porfeotly ¡lovely girla favorite school 'friend bf ..Notta's and mino, and we had not seon her . in three years .until now, although:B1IO lives in New York. But no one evor sees hor ' there.'.' -That is a part'of tho mys-: .8tory-which,T suppose; really adds to our /admiration.-; -'And','poor girl; even-horo'slie is1 a Trisonor almost. ><A-stroll in :tho roorh ,ing¿ occasionally 'coming1 down 'to.bathe, 'and"'after 'that nbt «& glinipso'of ' her ' all' day. ''I Sheds in'cohstnnt attendance upon an invalid'aunt,;'a dreadful' creature^-in'-' ? visible, of course. Even at school we had' nb '.idea whore she lived. ";: Miss;.G-^-; .know, - I1 s'nppósó:; bùt'we.' school-girls never could find! out; or 'ndver would, ruthor ; for; any suggostiou of walking home with Helen gave ?' hor, such evident' (distress that sho was the. life of her class '-jorie of thoso eloctóo'sort; of girls, you, , know, -who always soom to create a chelo of animation:17 And-"'' " ' " ,..¡ ,¡ ¡So;my companion'afEectioriatoly rattled pa, and would'no doubt hore continued ¡affeotionotely'tb rattle-on, had wo not poached the fishing place ; and all energies woro divortod from ' mo to ' the laudablo attempt of keeping her exuberant brothers from plunging irito tho briny boats,:with apparent intent'of lavishing upon tho basa and blup-flsh the; same excess of cordiality 'that had' boen : so. flattoring in their reception pf Alf arid myself.'. 1 ; 'By tho timo'wo returned, thp beach had .assumed. >its? 'mid-day ' aspect bf ' gaiety. Mimi > was repeatedly-' called away by friends.- Alf, too; oxoused, himself for a mbmont,' and I found myself in the soli tary enjoyment of escorting Miss Reed. . How, m tho midst of commonplaces, the ..confession oacaped me that I was suffering from à desperate attack of " the blues/I do not'know. Miss Bead turned at i tho romark, and studied mo quickly' with a glance BO penetrating that I felt for the instant as if sho were in nossossion of the whole seergt^of my despair.. ' .->.. But she remarked, prosontly, ignorantly enough. "Thon.you.havo come, I think, to just the right place to be cured." . " BooauBO pooplo are BO gay hore that there is no roomf or melancholy ? Or is it tho sea itself that yon consider an inspirit ing olomont ?".-.. "Tho Boa itself,"" she said ; " at least hero at Long Branch. Different sba- shoros, I know, have different expressions. Some , aro- so sad, even cruel. But hore-and perhaps tho pooplo have much to do with it;; I have never visited Long Branch pxcepting.in the season, and can hardly imagine it ,a sblitudo- hore, it: Booms to ,mo, if any one lind troublo, thoro, would lio - soniothing invigorating,, inspiring ,a,6inething,to say, iii not so much as ' Bo happy/ thon, anyway, ' Wo must bo sonsiblo and wo must bo brave.'." . ;. \ , ',, '.'.?'?] "'. HbwjthpBOÍwords startled.mo I can .not ! find liuiguago' to ' toll. ?' 1,'dartod : upon tho girl beside me a furious glance. Sho was utterly unconscious of tho wrath she had raised ¡ hey attention, indeed, at that moment, waa directed eagerly toward th bluff. " "We must be sensible and wo mast b bravo." Those were tho very words^ o Arabella's letter that bad boen haunting mo for a month, ringing in my ears thei racking mockery, till of their syllable my soul was sick.. 1 I, felt myself seized with sudden enmifr against this girl who had repeated them ;But there waB little time m whioh ti indulge my animosity. Some one sprang .down the stairway from the : Bummer [house that had been Miss Beed's object o: interest upon tho bluff-a servant fron the hotel to summon her to her aunt ; one she bade mo good-by at once. ; | r ' ; " ?;' Suohwos her haste, T ^hardly coule persuade her to lot me accompany ho; across the lawn. ' ?'<*.' j : "Next time we meat," I said, as ahe flev along softly by my side, " I shall beg yet ito explain to me an expression, 1 certainly tho most foreign and the most unsenti jtimental that I have ever - heard ascribet either to a frivolous watering-place or lc the ' sad sea-waves!' " ' j I uttered thia sentence with precisely tho sarcastic iciness of tone which a sen sitive girl, who has just' departed a little 'from the ordinary routine of talk with t stranger, would be most likely to hate. And I had the satisfaction of perceiving « pained look cross her faco. It was re placed, however, immediately,- na wc roached the'piazza,' by a friendly smile, a quick "good- morning," and she waa gone, ! The' fancy ball was the 'event of the week. In" every detail, of pleasure ¡md magnificence.it waa pronounced a success. To me it was a brilliant boro," not even enlivened by the presence "of "tho girl "in tho red jacket." . Where ' had she been j unsought and uhmissed-through' 'all the ¡ dazzling hours of the ball ? I waa jusl about mentally inquiring, when Alf and 1 sprang from our ; chairs, aroused by the most; piercing shrieks that ever broke from » woman's lips. 1 Dead silence followed ; then a, rash of footsteps1 down tho passage ; ? and then again those heart-rending cries. ' At the noxt moment Mimi's voice at our door : " Alfred I Robert 1 aro you thar* ? are you np?" and,-as--ire hastily withdrew tho bolt, horaelfy íale'áa'á ghost. "Come with mo, both of you," she gaspod. . ' "Wo followed her along thehall-where, at tho head of the stairway, I aaw. Miss Roed apparently trying to calm 4 fright ened gTour> of people startled from their rooms, half disrobad Uk« ourselvoa-and tamed into a. narrow entry, where, at tho sound of Alf's voice, Mri. Ooit cautiously oponed a door, and ordering Mimi authori tatively to retire, admitted us to an interior which explained'at a glanos the source of thoso thrilling shrieks. - ! In the midst of the apartment, shrouded in a night dross bearing - evidence of . a. struggle, like the tossed bed beyond, stood a slondor woman, with her out stretched i arms held fast by two'.' meii, between, whom, her-head bowed upon' hor breast and her -faco ihidden^by drooping' ; ¿air, she was swaying'hbfself-to land "fro in the lull of a frantic paroxysm. '' . v': ? i Before'1 Mrs. Ooit had time to explain how she' had' herself been summoned te this' scone, the - woman lifted her head, gazod at us stupidly for a minute, and then; with a darting glance of recognition, ari-mvidualizing'' intelligence,:;' drroPtoa solely, as T felt in o very nervo of my body, against me, dashed herself from;the un guarded men, and leaped like a tigress at my throat. ' A brief oonflict there was, such as I trust in'its'faintest resemblance T. shall nover know or soe again. When at laat wo flung tho poor creature on' tho pillow; sho lay like one dóacl. '.' ! A vague interval followed. Alf, I believe, was binding up my bleeding wrist.; Thon Í perceived -'that Miss Boed had' ontored the room,'and that; with soothing little ' movements and low-voiood lulling accents, such as mothors uso to tired babos, she was'leaning o vor; tho bëdi' V ' " ' I This dangerous:ihahiacj;them ;Was . tho. "'invalid'aunt '1 of'Helen Rcecf. ' ' l'i "' i j Tho hotol had its resident physician','tut' on that hight ho was hot te baf o'ruid ¡"and iwlieh1 it ' 'was .' proposed,; tb; sond" te.! the', vUlago' for medical assistance, ' Miss'Reed ?interposed.'1 r<'-;;-. ';" '.' .' J '. .- ¡If it were possible;' she'said,' 'toi 'return to Now York at pneo, this was her, most' urgent' wislr', to';bo at liomo again directly. ' béfói d'another" fit ' Pf ^excitomont'; should occur, abd under;rtho' caro' pf 'th cir own; physician, who understood tho caso by experience bf year's,- and would doal.'bcst, sho- thought, with ibis' new. "phase, ! so. dreadful, so distressing,1 sb'unexplained. Couid wo assist her te'aopbm'plish this ? ".' ' Mrs Coit acquiesced in tho propriety pf, immediate '1 remeval. ' ' Sho ' offered ' 'te accompany Miss Boodto New York; but it was decidod, as tbs patient became mora and more 'quietly composed, that ho woald bo snfflciontly protoctod by Alf, arid myself. ' ' Th« journey was aacomplished in safotV although my assistanco'was of Httlo'avail,' for my proserico soemod to excite' tho maniac so that at last I did not venture te appear In her sight. "I think, Mr. L--, I may( want to write to yoù'some day ; for although "you have no recollection of my aunt, excepting a's tho stranger whoso agitation, surprised. you into tho hotol hall yesterday morning, she soems to have some .'vary connected ideas associated with you and with that which most affects your happiness. I can .not decide-I shall loavo it to tho doctor to ! decido, whether her' story, strangely now te mo, is phantasy br true. If it is true, then I must write to you ; and shall I address you through tho Coits ?" . I ventured to ask if I might not call up on ihor, but tho request was mot. with a firm but gentle refusal. * ' In loss than a month a lotter called mo to her Bide. Palo and sorrowful .ëho mat mo¡ and in. a fow moments conducted me. up afiignt of stairs to an apportaient .that adjoined a sick-room. She ex plained nor reason for sending for mo in a few words ; ' ' '' My aunt, who, although*vory ill, is. perfectly calm and rational, wishes to give yon in porson an important com munication. Scarcoly hhd sho concluded when tho physician came towards us. " Nollio," ho said, " 1 know your bravo little hoart. It must not desort you now. Aro you propared,, my child, to moot the worst ? ".. ?? : Tho young girl hid hor faco in her hands' and¡ trembling from hoad to foot, remained silent'until sho was calm., : Then we wont together into tho hushed roora. . Hor hand was clasped in mino. Whether she gave it to mo or whether X took, it, don't know. But I held it fast, as I thankful to remember, through all t gloomy hour, whon tho lonely child bles idearen in her heart for my poor com nionship Kneeling beside tho bed, we caught broken sentences that fell faintly from dyi»y woman's lips. _ " It is so long ago-and she was snci little child j-it was almost as if Ï I possessed her from her birth-my darli -ray beautiful-my pet. I loved her passionately before, I thought. Aud is wonderful-and very sad-how mac! woman can love a child. When tho A; glees wont away, leaving their babe wi mo-the only womun of her own count Harriet Ainslee knew in Now York-th expected to return in throe months, they had come then, all would have bo well-and why did they not ? Whe was her mother's heart ? Mouths grow yoars-five years thoy wero away-eve day knitting my soul closer to tho chil I forsaw my danger. When my eist died, I adopted hor orphan girl, ju Helen's age, and tried to love her,-but ceuld not. At laßt tho Ainsloes wo coming back ;-and then-in tho nnguit of parting with my idol- came that dai thought. If suffering could atone f< sin-why than-but it can not ;-and could not give up Nellie. That dat thought-it was tho seed of all this horn of remorse j-but Nellie darling, the bei I have is yours.' I have not wrongod yo -havo'I, my .child, at the last? And M: L---¿ from the tinaa rou wore pointe »ut to me-when the Ainslees were hej last spring-as "Arabella's lover-I wa haunted by your face. I knew yon love her with an earnest man's heart. Then y«u lost your property, and I heard-y«u engagement had been broken off;-an then my sin looked darker and darker : it is af earful thing to wrong young heart« Yes-thon I suffered so much. But noi -nothing can keep yon from" claiming your wife. Th* Ainslees have áo right Arabella is not their child. And-Helsi darling-yon must tell him the rest i for-it ls growing so dark- and-«when are yon, Nellie-my darling-my baby ray little pet." ' It was not until after tho poor heart broken woman had been laid in the gravi that I heard the roit-tho proofs of th< children's parentage, and the legal diapo sition of property to "Helen Arabelh Ainslee, my god-ohild," and " Arabelle Reed, my niece." Complications ' arose bat tkey were finally adjusted as her heart so faithful to Helen, would have wished. ' ; Nellie's way of being sensible and being brfve, of using tho present to_ its best, and looking the future brightly in the face an exemplification, dear reader, of " dis arming tho ruffian with a emile"-hos brought lier much happiness. ; Arabella, who; I had boen long ago persuaded, from her own heart, and not from her foster-parents' ambition, rofused 'mo'whe'n Twas deniod the property- since by an unlooked for incident, regainod-has been in her way equally.. fortunate, . and .'her' 'consistency has beeb rewarded -hy that' ' crowning technique, " ¡ a brilliant match,". ; ?" r'1 ?'.''.'; : i And now, as I closo this ? scribbling sheet, :it is' an; autumn morning'-winter almost. There was a high wind last night, and to-day tho wheels grate ; harshly on tho icy'street, and the window-panes' are whito with frost. " : ; Along tho coast tho night .must have been wild indeed. At-long branch, I imagine, tho wintry tide Bwept- ruthlessly across tho beach, burying, perhaps, still deeper iii the sand tho gray and rust stained timbers of tho doserted wrock. ' But hero, in tho ' warm breakfast-room, at bright table, a little white- frooked, iong apronod guest is seated in a high chair at hor mother's side. Beyond them is the aviary , wido awako; with cheerful song, every voice of which I ' know. Windows oh either sido are piled high» with flower ing plants.;' - ?> . ..i; 'I ¡And 'opposite my lucky self is the ^prettiest woman I over mot-the loveliest' woman, in fact,; and the sweetest! in; the ? wörld- who, on account of a'littlo'. crlmi 'son' morning Bacquo' she lina put on to-day to!ward oiE early/frost, looks ' exceedingly' like "Tho Girl iri the Bed Jacket." «. "' 