-? ';?».-.- WALIAM OP'Ma. ?'.'; ;-;-. -;V I ?' La Sdnrinmbula was tbo attra'cti'onnat'ilWB Theatre .Royal last night.'. .'Th' is opera .of Bellini's— clinrming notwithstanding its rather sketchy style of melody and reiterated i musical phrases— although, it. did. not'eom mand a very good bouse, wqb, .nevertheless, from tbe general excellence of its- perfor- , ruance received in as cordial ' a manner as in ai considerable 'measure it deserved. Signora Vita, it will be 'naturally supposed, nrinlfi nnfc pnmn.ii-rt fivhrahlv in the rjart of Atnina with tome bth'er artiata who'hnVe- sung it in Melbourne. In the first actj'Cpmel per me sereno, nnd the following .-arja, ' were ..well sung, nnd her, perform-, ance .generally in. the , early '. parti of the opera wasimuoh superior to that of tbe; concluding portions, where ? her intonation' was no faulty as to cauBeadisagreeablo ini-i pression. Ahl non giunge, however, _ Wna j given in correct jT'riot brilliant, atylo, nnd'in' a :highly ornate . manner. Signor Comoro, i .who.'., .was naturally casd, , for i :the. Elvinb, sang , tbe ,,'onn'no of, ' the ,i,part; wbich exactly suits tbe character of i liis voice, ve»y well; and although _his appear-, ance weighs heavily against him in the .ac.ile of success, he nevertheless mannges to pre serve more than a mere fealailce of public favor. The betrothal duet-in the Jirst act, ; sung by this gentleman nnd Signora Vita,', was decidedly praiseworthy,' \ and' the' solo' tenor music appertaining to the part was well and correctly given; but in the concerted music of the second act a fiasco, .which had the effect of suddenly determining the efforts of tlie rest of. tbo company,- must be fairly attributed to Signor Camero, as well as one or two slighter slips, which were not so disastrous. The Count Rudolpho of Signor Cesari was good,, ! both as regards singing and acting. The popular aria, . Vi ravviso . (As_ 1 View those1 Scenes),' was excellently given, ns -well as the succeeding bnss air, -and bin music in tbe Opora was altogether , oapitally performed. : The lAaa of Signora Baraty was,' an even and correct rendering of n rather unthankful part. ? Signora Fabris' TereRa is as strikingly, perfect as nil this lady's imper 'sonattons. ijlie considerably assisted, in tnaking the situationu. effective ' in' which aba is conoerned. , The other partB .were fairly .filled. The ohoruaes, although both unready and unBteady at times, were generally, good, and the ghost chorns in the first act was really wall sung. Between the first and second acts a ballot wna ? danced by Signora Pasta and Signor Bbrzini, : and be tween the second and third act's the overture to PeBrottVa Tutti iu Masehera w»a played by. the band in .-jplen'did' style. iThia'luat Daiiicd opera is'ia preparation, and, will be sliortjly .prpduoed.^ , ? It | appears, to qont,aiu . sqm-e:, ,very. pleasing.i miisii!, judging by ? tbe ,oyerturu. Verdi's Trovatore will be repeated to-jiight, . and his Hallo in MMcbetsV- to morrow.- ;??'?? ?-- ;? ';?; ?' '; r;-:'-' ; - ? . ' 