CHRISTMAS TIDE. Beaatdfol Indeed are all thetestel occasions of theyear, subdividing time by their regnlar wjttiwoe.wd diversifying the dream e* hnmaaJUeaitt glides, away between earth and heaven- ' Tb*y are like «nolent ohnrohee, which -msetas we P«*|onf. ?f011 « mortal fcumey, green with the try of ZEtiivam* with the prayen -* generations, preelow to us for «»o ?*?*«* „_„— «f »»ee whiota are around them. «nd«ta«afortto softening and parifymt tofloeiftewhleUO« light of their pictured window* «eem. to carry wi* It to the m* ImengrttJltliew hallowed fMttrd. there U Bon.,howewr,«)WBleometothe heart » the happy, Aoly season of Ohrlstmas. It Is «Mentiiaiytliofe«» of 'other days,' and one which bring* before ns the tenderest and brightest ^eooUeotions, images fairer and dearer far than the realities still Tlslble; the one which awakens those echoes of the past fhatatelher anniversaries are silent as the dead Then It'is aboye all other tinws Jhat we tetravel the windings and wanderings that our feet haTe trodden since the remotest hour at which memory pauses, toffled »« »ne vainly tries tj»'penetwte. the impervious darkness that shrowls the few first for- everf orgottea yean of onr wondeiful exlstenoe. Then it ig «iatwe»-her agala, in imagination, the StorosMthat gilve form to our ftrstoblldish iSoUonsof beauty t then we dash again with bounding hertt ?mongst the pltymates of iorbof hood, an(J live once more the brilli Mt,^ny days et yonth. It brings back to ™torB moment the innumerable array ot Tlsionary thoughe that keep deploying ai U fcom «e«ternitT to another, now Ib dark and sullen masses, now in long and-dawllng lfam brightened a, If with issmU -J ?tandards ; now accompanied with maHo warlike and tempettuons, now with 4 flutes and soft recordere,' not breathing pnsiistif victory, but bymns of peaoe. Then itistbatthephantasmaKOTiaof bygone life danee npon tbe shadowy wall before us, end the mlniis. thronged with1' thoBRbts that, like phanioms, trackless come and go.' Wemoit Steal* to our side, bearing in her band flie prism ot Imagination, through \- which wj look into the long vistas behind ? us, peepled with tie old familiar forms, which we«hertsh the more fondly that we «nay ne-er tee them mort; for then it is. ?Tkat s''e«-vj- »? **-* the d.ad, K'eb in 'teltvei st lo k» th*y were. * On that day the mother thinks of her ' children Mattered through tbe world, and tbe deepest emotions of her heart are stirred : and many a one that has sought a home In other lands, and Is fain to own them a mon prospemus abode, longs to be -w«mon amongst tbe merr; gronpB in his childhood's borne. 3%atohlUbood's beme l--how it lings, like a clove in spring, with the din of orea tares bUtherthBnalltbe birds in the world I How bright' the holly hongh looks dowa upon their happlnesi I How oheerily burns tbe vnlo lpg,'like an altar-forge where Jiuks of ?Section! are welded, never jto be broken I. VThat a thriU tte pleasant song sends i through ihese Innocent hearts ( What UndUnew be*msjli-the»r48of all, as they soemgatheied, tomUMriBOBnd the holy well of lore whloh aBriBMW M Ohristmas time in the. arid fa&t;£W--i iThere/ Reside that homa.,1; is UieoSnliarobrari where weoftwollmtod to reaaOhetftwiPg's *DI' ^e ?nartlnsnestj Oure fle the Tored and venerated, lor whets, it waSjaptsty m *t*W M Mf »W»«* to weepfor-** te^Bj^e^nemiar. . j; .... - To how many a reader of this will these ramembranoej reourf— remembranoer of old Jands and old timea-r-reroemorancea of a Christmas -that Australia can never know t the days are dim in these old, beloved aoenes, the nights bold long and dreary eway, the windows are fretted with arabesques of frost,' the wind is moaning with melancholy sound, the plains,are covered. with a snowy mantle, and the woods are wreathed with Parian whl'e. Everything around recalls to ns the thousand associations which are attached inseparably to the season in our mind*. But here, in Australia, ail this is ohanged. Coming, as it docs, in one of the brightest months ot par tarnlng summer, and appeal ling by none ot its natural' surroundings to any of the sympathies which are linked with the traditional Christmas of our affections, it is impossible that this festival could be oelebrated in a similar manner. Some sturdy aticklers for antiquity may, it is true, attempt to copy, even here the old domestic reunions whioh were wont, to mark the season in their earlier years ; but who will say that a dinner In the shadiest room to which the breeces are courted through open lattioe, is anything like the groaning board made ruddy with the slow of a blaring hearth f He ; with us Christ mas la and must ever be, a day of nl fresco enjoyments. We cannot, even if we would, transplant to our shores the eld holiday, as tbe Pilgrim Fathers did. Nature woos ns abroad with her sunniest smtlr, and we cannot refuse to fly into. her arms. Picnics, and not dinner Darties, and the social gatherings of an Australian Christmas ,-and the warm dining-room of our youth is exchanged for the oool nook beneath tbe trees, or tho pleasant waters of the rivers or the bays. Green banks, gay dresses and plasking oars— these are more aasootated with Christmas as it exists for us than even the holly berry and the mistletoe which are twined around its memory in our hearts. If we think of the Bible narrative and of the beautiful night-tcencs there brought before ns, from the time when the pastoral lay was broken by a voice among the stars to the flight of Mary and Joseph into Egypt, we unit feel that Christmas loses nothing in its suggestiveBeas because it falls at a season when the nights are so gloriously beautiful as they are with us. It has been also said that the oold and dismal aspect whloh nature wears about Christmas-time at home, gives an additional test to the home pleasures to which Ohritamas is thete so peculiarly devoted. But we cannot help thinking that, if we have less of indoor enjoyment, we have also leas of the debasing riot which too often attends hlghdays at home, 8o that, taken all in all, though we may suffer a little from the heat and dust, and though we may look rather brown and oleaginous at our amusements, the ' merry, merry bells of yule ' may ring as appropria tely in our beautiful summer as they ever aid in the frosty winter of other climes. After all, even the English Christmas Itself has changed, and Is almost as different as in Australian one from the jolly royster ing Christmas of former times, To be Cure tbe shops are still gay, the streets are foil, and all the Journey men of all the tailors are put In requisition, the hatter brashes np his hats, the milliner beguiles young ladles out of their coin far the winter colors of the Modes du Hois, and the furrier's shop has in it a world of comfort. There is sometimes still an odour haunting tbe corners of streets where women sell baked apples and piemen loiter with their hot temptations. Cpiced gingerbread is still vaunttngly proclaimed, and managers of theatres and pastrycooks are in all their glory. Pantomimes and cakes abound, and onegaudy nigh t succeeds an other, Ull we almost grow tired of feasting and late hours, and the oompany of chil dren. Business h but a name, a id drollery is the order of the day. Tragedy rears her gorgeous head jewelled and crowned, and ' sceptred pall comes sweeping by.' Har lequin, too, is we corned still— that glittering mystery, a thing between falrydom fend humanity. Oolumblae is admired, and Pantaloon applauded; both, It would seem, bom for nothing but to dance and smile for the pleamre ot enraptured thousands. The play bills still flaunt about, disclosing the secrets ot the oomlng night, and ther are as mysteriously magnificent as ever in the announcement of wood demons, horsemen and vaolters, brasen Bhlelds and fatal masks, fire eaters, jutglers, an-* quadrupedsof every variety ef shape and of intelligence, Watte, black, and grey, with all their tnla. We may even at times hear the touching oarol of the waits as it rises through the sllenoe of the night, ' and tbe maiden's eye will sUll melt at tbe tale of love aad her hand fling down from her open casement the bright silver piece, the guerdon for tbe grateful song. Tbe postman, and the charity boys, and a host of others, even yet expect their Christmas boxeB. Mew tear's gifts are exchanged between friends and relations, In Ireland the wren la suspended on St, Stephen's Day from the holly bough, surrounded with all the bravery of ribbons ; galaers go about the street ia Boctland, on New Tear's Eve, uttering a wonderful jargon and performing antioa of the most extraordi nary kind; and everywhere throughout the British Isles kings and queens abound on. that last of Christmas holidays, the gay Twelfth night festival of enow-white con fectionary, of cakes and beans. All this, it la true, we have still ; bat where new is the ' right-hearted revelry ot ancient days f' Where now is the manohet, and wastel-bread, and peacock-pie of bygone banqueting f Where are the slaughtered beeves, thejbroacbed wine-casks, the huge barrels ef nut brown ale? Where are tbe embroidered-coated heralds and the eearleb-ooated pursuivants, the wandering ksights and toil worn pilgrims f Where are the holy brethren, with sacks and wallets, gathering largesse? Where is the troubadour on his palfrey rich with spangled housings ? Where is now the Lord of Misrule, the Abbot of Unreason, the Boy Bishop, and the Master bf Merry Disports I Where are the hobby horses, the dryade, the Irish drtssas, the buokram jerkins, and the drnnken masque f Where Is Pblaphilos, Prince of Sophie, and the ' most mag nificent and renowned Thomas, Prince of Alba FortunataT' Where are the brawn and muBtard that were eaten, and malmsey wine that was sp freely drunk in those old carousals f Where are Sir Handle Baokabite, Bir Morgan Mumchanoe, Sir Frauds Flatterer t Where Is pwssd the g'or; and the d earn f Bo much, In fact, has changed that some one, with a little poetic exaggeration, has. said :— Oore are eUthoss golden, dsysef sore; When OhriaUmai wai a high day ; Its p»ti we bow shtll see no more; ' lia. Uriel late Oeod Friday. We know eot if even Bhakespere's des cription of the Night wonla bold geodat present, iwjien he teflsns that. . . iBvar 'gabutthtt s«mb o»bms * Ji«n*ita oar Saviour's birth Is selebrattd The bird of «k)**iat«laiteth«'l night tos* aadft-atheran aw .BbltsaawaJkabiol* : fhe Blgktt are whDleaonle taka j wpUaeUsuik*. ? ' ' ff COlfjiitmtl js^^ijIfw'iTttaWwrf?^ aW'Mrh' MBBma^ffi^j^ST*.eU«B ?*»?!.: 4meref|4hiBgU«MBj4*ta)fjevexs*d, Mar* 'B this even o be regretted. We mast have .* Christmas of our' own — an Australian equivalent for the Wintry anniversary of our ancestors, wreathed with summer flowers, and eurronnded with the associations of a poetry racy of our sunlit soil. It Is with this idea that we present the public of these oolonies, with this sketch, which will speak to them of the life they live, and of tbe scenes by which they are surrounded. . We anticipate, therefore a hearty wel come for the few native flowert whioh we have gathered here to take the place of those which can only flourish in another land. There are, however, many old usa es connected with Christmas which arc bs well suited to our new home as te onr old one, and happily they are too best—the only ones worth preserving. Amongst these, and next only te the charity of Christmas, are the delights of social and do mestic intercourse, which Its genialsplrittendi) so abundantly to promote. In these gather. Ings Christmas seems to demand alfcost as a .right his tribute of tales, and songs, and jokes, and riddles. We cannot refuse it. It is the Inspiration of the season, and it will setee us quite as powerfully by the side of the slnnoue Terra as in the comfortable home at Bloomsbnry orthj West End. In the old days we naturally delighted in the old tales. Then it was that our literary horizon was peopled with dragons, lit np with fiery chariots, and beautified with magical rain bows. Then did Blue Beard sweep fiercely by— astern Image of mysterious and fero otous pomp, composed of Persian satrap and Grand Turk— with nil tbe parade of camels and slaves and waving banners In his train. Then did we penetrate the high and tangled woods, in whioh the Sleeping Beauty lies concealed ; and we accompanied poor little Bed Riding Hood through tbe green lanes, wistfully peeping at the 'cheese cakes' and 'the pat of butter' as we went along: Then, too, did we love to stray In the realm of Oberon, in whose crown the jewels are dew drops from the pearliest rose— that world in which a harebell is a palace, a primrose a hall, an anemone a cup, and a daisy a shieling. Ho* we longed to be posaeators of that butt of dew wbich,in the form of ahazel nut filled with tbe tears of morning and evening, shall be presented to the inspired barb of our earth who, by the music of his lyre, shall lay all the pipes of the Silent People mute, and charm the tiny emperor asleep on his Titanla's bosom beneath tbe unconscious honey moon that hangs like a cresset in the heaven of Fairyland I With wh«t myBterous awe we saw those sprightly elves riding in long and beautiful arrays by the lfgbt of the moon,or sittingin seven circles In the bottom of a deep ravine, drinking neotar out of cups of silver and gold no bigger -than the dew-cup flowers. How their wild unearthly eyes, all of one bright sparkling hue, turned upon ns at the same moment, and how their undistinguished whisperings sounded fearfully in onr ears I Then, too, was it onr delight to listen to the wild legends of witoh and warlook, in which we were borne away to tbe blasted heath to hear the gibbering of Paddack and Gray, malkin. 'The air hath babbles &s; the water hath, and these are of them.' What a gha»t!y atmosphere eaveloped these weird sisters— these Hlomened beldames I What a hellish spirit seemed to breathe through their skinny lips I What a fierce compression of their choppy fingers, as they uttered their salemn prophecy— half bension half malison foreboding voioes that, with hideous shrieks, syllabled men's names In ' antres vast and deserts wild I' More frightful still, and perhaps more fascinatingly dreaifnl were the ghost stories, which mads the hair to bristle and the heart to quako. The stories are all, nodenbt, as old as the hills, but we knew nothing of that, and they were none tbe worse for their want of originality. We little imagined then that the jokes at which we laughed so heartily are in Hierooles, and that he again is but a revival of the jesters of the East. It Is the same In everything. Punch,, who caxtigates Judy fer the benefit of the street audiences is the Arleehlno of Italy — the descendant of the Pesoennlnes — the regular representatives of rhe drolls of the golden aga. The very cantripes of our witche?, their bell broth and cauldron are all In Apalelus, who Is himself bat an echo of times mnoh older, a dim sbadower forth of .mysteries by himself not understood. Ghosts have flourished- in all their glory from the earliest times, and we know of no addition to their terrors. There Is nothing in the castle of Otranto— nothing in the mysteries of TJdolpho, we mean nothing of incident, that the world has not heard before. The White Lady of Arene', piercing tbe centre of the earth, and singing her wondrous songs, Is to be found In many a fabling sags. Here again it is true that 'there is nothing new nnder the sun.' But little we cared for that as long as we were amused or interested, or even tolerably well terrified. Christmas was the time for joke, and song, aad story; they were a want of tbe season, and we had them; and whether they were new or old, they are amongst the pleaaantest recollec tions that we have. Weneedsav no more. Bless you, my gentle masters and mistresses all I May mirth and happiness be with you. We pledge yon ma cap of brightest Australian wine I— Wassail to yon and ynirs and all I All health! 