Wayside Notes-The Crocodile. IT ¡B said that Australia has so history ; and to the antiquary, «ho cares only for the re- mains of antiquity, the statement la literally correct, especially as regards Queensland. We may bare had a "stone age," but as yet it is only hinted at, and the marsupials are said to tell a tale as to our youth geologically. Be that as it may, ire, the present possessors of the soil, commenced business only yester day ; and here we are to-day, with little of Time's wreckage scattered about, but con- fronted by an ever-pressing noa, with its exacting demands npon energy and activity. Verily, we come up to the poetic idea-^/a "live in the present ;" yet some of onr yester- days are worth a retrospective glance, as exhibiting the clements of growth and decay on a wonderfully accelerated scale. We may have an opportunity of looking at a few of them occasionally, and first we shall go to the Crocodile, take note of its auriferous waste*, and linger awhile over the ruins of Boulder- combe- yesterday the scene of bustle and active life, to-day comparatively «¡lent and deserted. Passing through the swamp, now firm enough under foot, or along the Port Cartis road, where the eye is delighted with the fresh green appearance of the pad- docks and of the range on the right, we jog along on our fifteen-mile journey. Some distance out-a few miles at the most we enter a dry belt of Country, which 10008 to have missed the late rains. Here and there j we observed water, bht little or no grass ; and from the Half-way House to the Crocodile everything is brown and bare, and as dry as tinder. The remains of five bullocks are to lie seen from the road, and in one instance only a few bones marked the spot where the beast had perished. In some places tho ground ls covered with long grass, but it withered long ago, and now contains no nourishment. If this grass had been cut when green, made into bay, salted and stacked, it would have kept the stock in fair condition. Some settlers have always-hay on hand, while others, of the happy- go-luoky stamp, habitually neglect the adoption of précautions against a dry season. In many parts the land is so encumbered with stumps and fallen trees that the grass, though exceedingly rank, could not be cut, and a little preliminary clearing would bc necessary in the first instance. Nevertheless, the conditions are inexorable ; farmers in the old country have to provide against thc winter months, and stoekowners . here-more especially in ovor- Btocked districts -must look out for seasons of drought ii they would save their cattle. But this is by the way. Two miles beyond the Half-way House we come to a little of Time's wreckage-a record of yesterday. It is the Canadian Beef, which extends on each side of the road, running north and south. A prospecting claim ana three others were at one time worked, the yield being about an ounce to the ton ; bat it was abandoned seven or eight years ago for Gympie, and has never been resumed. The reef is now private property, and the shafts have bean filled up to prevent accident. Proceeding some eight chains further, we come to what has been one of the largest and best developed undertakings' In the distriot the Hector Beef. It runs east and west, or nearly so, and crosses the road at an oblique angle. Like the Canadian it is now private property, but it had its -day, and waa the centre of a little mining township. The pros- pectors-Messrs. Price and' Kalonidas, the latter a Greek-sold their claim to a company including two well-to-do Rockhampton mer- chant«, sud work went on vigorously for three or four years. The results were satisfactory -or what would be considered so now- as some of the crushinga yielded BB much, as four ounces tti*Jf the tor. Tbe'áverage must bave been fsroelow this, though we cannot now state what it was. But the stone had to be carted a distance of over two miles, the crushing machine being situated at the Half-way House. Then labour of all aorta was -very costly, and other El Dorados, particularly Gympie, presented counter attractions, and drafted off . many of the ruinen. From one cause and another, the claim was abandoned five or -six years since s but tho shafts, aU well timbered, are «till open, and some parts of the working appli- .. anees are yet on the ground. Horses were used in the operations. Other claims on the same reef were also opened, but not to the same extent. The crushing machine, on the abandonment of the reef, first went to Cowarral, and subsequently! we believe, to ? Charters Towers. Leaving this interesting spot, we enter a charmed circle-the domain nf a dreamer, now remembered by only the older residents. We refer to the Moonlight Reef, situated on the left side of the road, on the next fall of the ridge. The history of this reef is enrionp. Aman named Mortel, a loyal subject of St. Patrick, had a remarkable dream, in which, ss he thought, a stranger of superior address and bearing pointed to a spot not tlx from his humpy, and said "dig." Martel awoke ; the moon was shining brightly ; and so impressed was be with the vision, that he got up, threw on his "togs," and went straightway and pegged out the place indicated. He after- wards secured a claim, and sank several shafts ; but notwithstanding that he dug and dug, bc never got more than about eleven pennyweights to the ton. This, of course, did not pay ; and thus what was begun in moonlight turned out to be merely moonshine. The "spirit" had evidently pointed out a wrong spot; -or it may have been the ghost of a digger, bent upon revenging some injury sustained in the body. There is little more to note until we arrive at Crocodile Creek, three miles from the town- ship, where there ara a number of abandoned reefs, Halligan'*, White's, Johnston's, and others. Here, alec, is Cummings line of reef, recently granted to Brown and party. The claim has been pegged out and a notice put up ; but the necessary conditions as to work have not been complied with, and the ground is therefore open to any new applicant who may fancy it. There was some talk not long ago of the probability of foreign capital being iutroduced to develops the auriferous deposits, but so far anticipation has not been realised - it has ended in "blow." With regard to the Crocodile reefs generally, enquiries are made occasionally hy moneyed men in the south as to the return that might be expected from a liberal investment of capital, but, so far as we are aware, no steps of a practical character have yet been taken. The Salamander machine, a ten stamper, is located on the creek, at the Three Mile, Just now it is " hung up " for repairs, as the saying goes. Messrs. Burns and Twigg are supplying new tubes, and new fire and smoke boxes, for tho boiler ; and the engine, as well BS the stamping department, is undergoing a thorough overhaul. A new table is also being supplied. Mr. Hinchcliffe, the proprietor, says he expects to have the machine in working order again in about five weeks ; and the diggers will thus have a small crushing for Christmas, The fiual stage of the journey is short and easy. We soon come in sight of Bouldercombe, lying snugly in a pocket, with its amphitheatre of hüls in the background. It has the appear- ance of a ruined city, and is, in reality, a barren waste, covered with stones and heaps of rubbish. Along the creeks, and also on many of the intersections, the ground has been all turned over, atone time or another, in qnest of the precious metal ; while one is reminded at almost e*cry step of the once populous town of Bouldercombe, with its European and Chinese quarters, and its hotels, stores, and gambling-houses. Eleven years ago this "howl- ing wilderness" was the hannt of actUe, ambitious men, fair women, and nollKy kuows how many children. Eleven years ago we might have counted over two thousand miners ; and, in the European quarter, eight hotels, and an equal number of stores, which did a good trade. In China ToWn, as it was called, "John" mustered in force, and had six or seven stores, with fruit shops, tc., to say nothing of other means of catching the 'nimble «hilling." On Saturday night the main thoroughfare was usually so crowded with people that locomotion was almost im- possible, and from one end of the place to the other gambling was oaried on until a late hour. Besides all this, there was a Catholic chapel on the flat, a Protestant place of worship on Chu rob-hill, and a Jess-house in the Chinese quarter ; but these erections hare succumbed to tho general ruin, the Protestant church having Seen burnt down. The fate of old Bouldercombe ie that of many a mining town- ship, flourishing one day, aa it were, and deserted the next. The present township is on a slender scale. The population, which is somewhat fluctuating, embraces from thirty to thirty-five miners, some of them having pretty large families. Theirjjre also a few Chinese. The children may bV estimated at from twenty to thirty. There ire two stores-JagerndorfTs, which is large and well supplied, and Ah Moy's. Bakers' bread ia unknown in the township, but the home-made bread manufactured in every household is excellent. Butcher- meat is a trifle cheaper than in Rockhampton ; but goat's flesh is pretty extensively used, and is a capital substitute for mutton, from which it often cannot be distinguished. There are no hotels or public-houses in the place ; no chnroh or school, and no Sunday ministrations of any description. Everything depends upon the reefs, the principal of which is the "Who'd havethougbtit," only recently laid off. It is situated on the weat side of tho creek, and runs nearly due east and wost, crossing the ridge at an oblique angle, and having an underlay dinning to the north. Morris and party (4), the prospectors, are working the Erospecbng claim, from which ono crushing as been obtained yielding two ounces to the ton. Fifteen tons, more or leas, of promising looking atone are to grass, and there is also a quantity at the machine, awaiting crushing. Fonr shafts have been snnk, the greatest depth yet attained being 73 feet. Two other claims are in course of develop- ment. No. 1 West is being worked by Bowley and party (3), who have sunk three shafts, and are down about sixty feet. They have up from 30 to 40 tone of stone, the whole of it looking well. No. 2 West is in the hands of a party of six Chinese, who have sank four shafts, varying io depth from 25 feet to 00 feet, and have about ten tons of stone to grass. The prospecta are satisfactory. The stone is a rotten mullocky, very much burnt ; and judging from its appearance, and also from tho satisfactory trial crushing already mentioned, there ia every probability of a good yield. Moreover, the chancea are that the reef will he permanent, as it has been struck by all the three claims ; but the character of the stans will likely alter with the increase of depth. This surmise ÍB strengthened by a few of the specimens, which, though equally rich, arc harder than the bulk of the stone now being raised. There are four ether claims taken up on the same reef, but the owners have not yet started work. The rest of the operations at Bouldercombe are easily summed up. A party of three Wilton, LomaB, and Watson-are working an extended claim on the old Block and Pillar reef, which had been abandoned. It is almost in a line with the " Who'd have thought it," and is near the One Mile. There are here about ten tons of stone to grass. A new shaft has been sunk, and the depth attained ia about 40 feet. The party recently came from the Dee. Two other miners-Murray and M'Lennon-have been at work about a month at the One Mile ; there are a few fossickers in the creek ; and Combes and party have a wet sinking in an alluvial claim, and are said to be making a little. Altogether, the place is improving, and sdi are anxiously looking forward to the next crushings. 