Sporting Notes. RACING EVENTS TO COME. Hawkesbury summer Meeting, December 26. North Backhimiiten Annual Bacos. Pccomber 26. Weit wara BoOhrtitmai Meeting, December 2a, 27. Ohartera Towera Ouristmas Banns, December 26,27. Vorth australian Summer Meeting, December 26,27. Comet Hirer Races, December 26. Northern Downs j.e. Christmas Heating, Doooinbar 26, 27. Gympie CUriitmaa Baees, December 26,27. Doma Christmas Mooting, Decembor 26,27. ÄWcartte J.e. afeettoir, January £s, 27. TotrpiTilte Christmas luuea, January 1. V.E.O. Champion Meeting, january 1. Tittere»!l'« (N.8.W.) Hosting, January 1. Warwick T.O. Meeting January 1, t. Maryborough Bacoe. January 1, 2. Geelong &.C. Meetins. February 1,2. Tasmanian T.O. Heetlng, February 7, 8, fl. V.tt.O. Autumn Meeting, «arch 2,7, 8. Tim only nominations (or the north Bock hampton Handicap on Thursday sight last, were Princess Thyra, Cedric, Bulgares Boy, and Hawkaway. Such a small lot of entries ] for the bp prize is anything bnt encouraging to those gentlemen who hare Bpent so much time and mbSjy in getting tho meeting up. There are a few other nags I believe in train- ing for the other events, amongst them being Prophet, The Ghost, and a youngster or two for the Maiden Plato. The weightB will be declared on Tuesday next, which it ie to be I hoped will be so équitable as to bring the | " double pair " to the post. Tho nomination) for the Charters Towers handicaps were not SD numerous as waB expected, but the quality of the entries should to a very groat extent compensate for tho deficiency in numbers. Annexed aro the animals nominated and the weights they will have to carry :-Millchester Handicap (two miles): Chanco, dst. 4 lbs.; Drummer, 8 st. 10lbs.; Tallyrand, 8sb 6lbs.; Mariner, 7st. 13 Iba. ; Clontarf, 7 Rt ll lbs. Towers Handi- cap (three miles): Chance, 9st. Mb.; I Drummer, Sst. 7lbs.; Tallyrand, 8st. 2lbs.; Mariner, 7 st. IO tbs. ; Clontarf, 7 st. 8 lbs. The Northern Downe (Dalby) Annual ; Races will be held on Thursday and Friday, [ 11th and 12tb April. A capital hst of events has been published as follow«,'»mounting to £035 of added money :-First, Day : Trial J Stakes, £30 ; Flying Handicap, £50 ; Inn- ! keepera' Plate, £30 ; Dalby Town Plate (han- | dican), £100; N.D.P.A.A. Stakes, £40; i Hack Hace, £10. Second Day : Hurdle Race, £75 ; Maiden Plate, £60 ; Club Handicap, £200 ; Craven Plate, £30 ; Hurry Scurry, £5 ; I Forced Handicap, £15. Nominations for han- dicaps to be sent in by the 5th March; | weights on the 12th ; acceptances on the 27th, j The announcement that Mr. R. B. Daw barn, of Sydney, has been appointed Secretary j to the Queensland Turf Club, will be received J with satisfaction by all interested in turf : mattera. Mr. Dawbarn before his present { appointment was Secretary to the Sydney Amateur Turf Club, and is credited with a large amount of turf experience and ability. There aro thirty-five nominations for the | Launceston Gold Cup, and thirty- four for the T.T. Club Handicap. These entries include Pluto, Pride of thc Hills, Wollomai, Adelaide, Filibuster, Aldinga, Imperial, Barmaid, Strop, Spark, ic., fcc. Janitor won the WagRa Cup by a neck, in 3'3G. The Grand Stand Handicap was carried off by Woodlands ; Coquette, 2 ; Stratbearn, 3. Time, 2-121. Lord Falmouth, the owner of Silvio, won no lees than £34,433 in stakes (not including ' the Ascot Gold Vase) during thc present year | up to October 15. Tliis is by far the largest amount ever won in one season by tho one person. Neither Hero nor Theseus found purchasers when offered for sale a few days since. Tho former, I hear, will probably bc sent to Victoria for disposal. Mr. Lambert will offer Theseus again to-day, at the Alliance Yards, at ll o'clock. I have been informed tbat Mr. Nash has disposed of Volunteer to a gentleman residing on the Barcoo for thirty-seven guineas. The horse left for his destination a few days ago. A letter appears in the Australasian of December 1 from Mr. Herbert Power, the owner of Savanaka, in reference to thc re- marks of that journal iu connection with thc running of his horse for the Melbourne Cup. Mr. Power clearly and fairly gives reasons for all bis actions in tho matter, which aro BO consistent and open that they carry thc con- viction that be was in no way a party to the so-called coup. He reiterates that thc public from thc very first were made acquained with the excellent chance be considered his horse possessed, and that his conduct throughout was open and above board. 