THESEUS: TEE YOUNG IFERO OF ATTICA. A Story of Ancient Grooco. CHAPTER XI'V.-- Continued. Andromeda hastened away to her home, where she assumed the garb of a peasant girl, and .having browned her face and hands, she set forth in quest of. information. She met several of her companions on the way, but they did not recognize her. She went first to the gate by which she knew Theseus had entered, and after much inquiry she found a boy who had seen a man, answering the description she gave of the hero, enter the city early in the morning, and he pointed out to her the street into which the man had turned. With this information she weiit on to the street designated, where she instituted new inquiries; and at length she had the good fortune to find a pastrycook who had seen the youth of whom she was in search. "I noticed him," said the cook, "because he stopped over against my stall as though he were not quite sure of his way; and I noticed the curious sword he wore, with a hilt of twisted gold and silver, and an enormous car buncele on the pommel." ' That was my brother, good sir. Which way did he go ?" With the information she derived from the pastrycook, Andromeda was led to another street; and as the last rays of the setting sun faded from the walls of the Acropolis, she had reached the house which she believed Theseus had entered. Then.she hastened away, and after much searching she found Glanucis and Serpho. "Good Glaucis," she said, "1 am sure I have found the house which Theseus entered this morning. Thus much I have done, and you must do the rest. Do you know where Polydius lives ?" " Certainly." "Into this dwelling I am confident our hero went." "Do you mean the brother of the king?" " Yes." CBut what could Theseus have had to do with him ?":' "That I cannot tell. It is for you to ascertain." "By the rock of Delphi," cried Glaucis, clapping his hands, "I begin to suspect that evil hath befallen our deliverer. This Polydius is a scheming man, and he fears every one who promises to outshine his ambitious sons. But why should Theseus have gone to him? I am puzzled." "You will watch that house, Glaucis ?" " Yes." " Then find your companions, and be at work; and while you are labouring for Theseus, I will go and see how fares it with Ariadne." CHAPTER XV. FROM TROUBLE TO TROU?LE. Tns soldiers, when they saw Theseus step out from the dungeon, started back as from a ghost; but presently they recovered themselves; and when they saw that the prisoner had no arms, they grew courageous. They saw that he leaned upon something which looked like a beam of wood; but they did not fear that. At length the leader spoke: "We are very glad to find that you have not gone far away. Perhaps you have heard some of ,.ur conversation ?" "Yes, I have." "And perhaps you have learned what our errand is ?" "My ears are good, fair sire, and I understand your business perfectly. And now listen to me; I give you your choice. You may turn about and lead me in safety to the open street, or you may attack me with your swords. If you lead me forth from this palace, I will thank you, and reward you wherx 1 have opportunity. If you attack me, I shall kill you." The soldiers laughed heartily at what they considered a piece of impudent pleasantry. " Will you kill us all at once, or will you drop us one at a time ?" asked the leader, derisively. "Make your choice quickly," cried Theseus; "for Ihave no disposition to wait here. If you would know how I can dispose of you, the means of that knowledge are within your reach. Turn towards the upper world, or strike as you please." "You have heard us speak our purpose and ,we have not spoken falsely. We will pray for the rest of your spirit after you are dead." Thus speaking, the leader of the assassins raised his sword, and motioned for his companions to advance. Theseus took a few steps back, so as to reach a place where he could have a free sweep for his club, and then he spoke his last word of warning: " Hold, sirs. If you do this at the command of another, know that you are contemplating a grievous sin against an innocent man. Turn from me, andyou may live. If you attack me, you die. I have no more to say." Three of the soldiers laughed at this; but the other three seemed to feel that the man before them might be able to accomplish what he had threatened. SThe presence of that battered iron door was a marvelto them. However, they had no choice. Their leader ordered them on, and they dared not disobey. "Die with thy vaunting upon thy lips," pronounced the foremost ruflian. His sword was aimed for a thrust, but in a moment more he was stretched life less upoh the pavewent. That ponderous beam of oak, so heavy and so solid, seemed but as a wisp of straw in the grasp of our hero. Like a flash of light it swept through the air and three of the soliers went down beneath its fatal blows before they could fairly see what manner of weapon was used. (To be Continued.) 