MEMORANDA. A.t the last meeting of the Council oft?iie St. Kilda:Branch of the. Free-trade League it was determined that no further action should be "taken in selecting a second candidate for: this electorate. Since then, however, Dr. Hearn has come forward on his own independent ticket. .It will be seen by anvertisement that Mr. R. S. Kingham announces h:s attention of addressing the electors of this district at the Prahran Town Hall on Wednesday evening next. A meeting of the friends and. supporters of Mr. G. D. Carter will be hield in the Court 'House, IPrahran, 'on Thursday evening next. -This announcement ishows coinclusively that Mr.-Jarter.intends to ge. to the poll. We understand that a concert and ball will shortly be'held by the members of the Local Fire Brigade, in the Town Hall, in connection wiith their funds. On Wedniesday evening last the plans of St. Matthew's new church, Prahran, were exhibited' to the congregation. A large number of the parishioners attended, and general satisfaction was expressed of the whole design. The church is Gothic in style, rectangular in shape, and will accom modate at leas: 800 persons when coinm pleted. The great object has been to guard against unnecessary ornamentation on the one hand and the absence of neatness on the other, and it is predicted that when the church is erected it will afford very general satisfaction. Yesterday the Sunday School scholars attending St. Matthews Church Prahrail, had their annual gathering. At an early hour they were marched to the St. Kilda Park where they were regaled to their hearts content with creature comforts in quantities sufficient to the juvenile appetites, and in the evening a concert was held in the temporary church, which went off in a very satisfactory manner, under the conductor ship of 'Mr Davies. We would again 'draw attention to the concert to be given in the St. Kilda Town Hall, on Monday evening next, in aid of the funds of the St. Kilda Brass Band. A capital programme has been prepared for the occasion, in which are many well-known and favourite artistes, and it is anticipated there wtill be, as the object deserves, a bumper house. The anniversary tea meeting in con nexion with the .Prahran Independent Church, Malvern-road, will take place next I'uesday. A concert will follow, in which a number of well-known ladies and gentle men are ann mnced to take part. Mr. J. O. Broadley will be conductor, while Mr. Forder, of the Blind Asylum, will act as organist. It is the custom of' the members and congregation of the Prahran Baptist Church to have a.social tea-meeting once a quarter, whereat they meet together for freer inter-. course than would be compatible with the design of the regular services. The last of these was held on Tuesday evening, and proved a. most pleasant gathering. Its interest was greatly enhanced by .the presence of the Rev. J. Paton, formerly a missionary in she New Hebrides, accom panied by a young native chief. This little individual is a fine specimen of darky humanity-tall, Jweak-built, of a cheerful countenance, and pleasant manners. -During the evening he delivered a short address in his native language, which was translated to the audience by Mr. Paton as literally as the idioms of the two languages would permit; and if this young man may be taken as a fair specimen of :intellectual capacity of his fellow-countrymen. Then they are by no means so destitute of intelligence as white men, in their assumed superiority, have rated them. A first and final dividend in the insolvent estate of George Walker, grocer, of South Yarra, is now payabl~ at 8?rEliabeth.street, Melbourne. The seventh General Assembly of the Order of St. Andrew was opened at the Bull and Mouth' Hotel, .Melbourne, on Wednesday last, at two p.m., and was well attended by drelegates. rom 'the. various lodges. After some routine business the Assembly adjourned'till six p.m., and also continued its sitt:ng at same hour on Thursday. At the close, the officers of tlts Grand Lodge were elected :-Bro IIeny G.M.; Bro R. Grim-vade, D.G.M.; Bro Laing, P.G-M. ; Bros iHamil and Norman, S.Ws. ; Bros W. Smith and Harris, S.'. and I.''. Bro M. Kidston was unanimously' elected Grand Treasurer, and Bro Blake. more Sectetary. .The greatest harmony and good feeling prevaildd. After the 'installa. tion of officers by P.G.M. Bro Saunders, a testimonial, consisting of a hatidsome gold ,atch,"was preserited by G.M. Henry (on` behalf of the order) to P.G.Ms. Saunders on his retirement from office, for his valuable services during the past five years. A Moonlight Concert at the Botanical Gardens, was held on Saturday evening un der favourable auspices. The night, although not a very light ohe, was fine, and conse= quently there was a large attendance of visitors; attracted; no doubt, by the good obh jest for vhllih 'the entertainment was given,' namely, the augmentation of the funds of the Prabran and South .Yarra Ladies' Benevo-. lent Suociety,'and the South Yarra Recizabites;: The programme was gone through in a very: satisfactory manner. Mrs. Edwards and' Miss Holland gained great praise for the manner in which they rendered the solo parts. The latter lady has a rich contralto voice, and sang Mattei's song, "Oh how the' Wild Winds Blow," so well that she had to repeat the last verse. Mrs. Edwards'sang Bishop's well-known song, "Tell Me my Heart," and. was loudly applauded. Several choruses, glees and part songs were given', by the 'Temperance Musical Union, and the Southern District and St. Kilda bands also gave their aid. A general meetinglhas been held apd closed in the Insolvent Court in the estate of James Lang,junior, of Prabran, labourer. A certifi. cate of discharge has beean granted by the same Court to i~. C. B. MIassie, of St. Kilds, clerk. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Victorian Asylum and School for the Blind was held yesterday week. Present-Messrs Benson (chairman), WVilton,' Hodgson, Jennings, Adamson, Ball, and the Rev. Mr. Moss, bon. secretary. Household accounts, amounting to £273 19s. 10d., and special accounts, amounting to £390 Os. 3d., were passed for payment. The House Committee reported that the general health of the in. mates was good. Mr. F. W. Harmer. was appointed musical instructor for the asylum. The resignation of Mr. Greenwood; the teacher, was accepted, and it was agreed that be should receive his 'full salary jfor the: month of March. Mr. Greenwood has re signed on account of his arduous duties' having affected his health. Applications have been received from a number of candi. dates' for the vacancy, and: on the recom mendation of the Health' Committee that of Mr. Fenton was selected, and referred to Mr. I. Warren Ball for an opinion as to the capabilities of the~candidate. :A letter was received from the Sandhurst Benevolent Asylum, requesting that seveial blind men in that institution should be admitted to'the Blind Asylum. It was agreed that a reply should be sent to that gentleman, informing him that at present the application could not be entertained, owing to want of accommoda. tion in" the asylum for adults. The Hon. Graham Berry having refused to tender what Mr. G. B. Davies considered a sufficient . apology for having publicly stigmatised him (Mr. Davies) a corrupt chairman of committees, Mr; Davies has placed the matter in the hands of his solicitor, for the latter to deal with it. At the monthly. meeting of the Pres bytery of Melbourne,' the Rev. W. L. Morton reported that he had preached at Gardiner's Creek to between 40 and 50 people and that they were anxious to receive a su'pply of ordinances. The presbytery thank.'d Mr. Morton, and requested him to continue to look after the district. The third performance of the St. Kilda Amateur Dramatic Club was given in the Assembly Hall, Grey-street, on Tuesday last, in aid of the funds of the local Ladies' Benevolent Society, and the entertainment proved in every way a success. The build ing was crowded by a fashionable audience, attracted doubtless by the excellence of the programme and the fact that the proceeds were to be devoted to a charitable purpose, H. T. Craven's drama, "Meg's Diversion," was the principal piece selected, and the hearty anil well-merited applause be stowed showed that the efforts of the per. formers were duly appreciated. The Misses Josephine and Florentine Hickson exhibited great histrionic ability, while Miss Kate Johnson, who was elegantly dressed, looked "as pretty as a picture." Miss Josephine took the part of Margaret, one of Farmer Crow's daughters, an eccentric but kind hearted young lady, and although this was a somewhat difficult part, she achieved a pronounced success. Miss Florentine Hick son, as Mrs Netwell, made a charming young widow, exhibiting an amount of talent very unusual in so youthful 5s amateur. Miss Kate Johnson made her first appearance as Cornelia Crow, and showed herself to be a valuable addition to the Dramatic Club. Jeremy Crow, a Devon. shire farmer, was represented by Mr. c.V. Chandos with a great deal of humour, and Mr. F. H. Goodall, as Jasper Pidgeoon, village carpenter, was deservedly applnuded. The remainder of the performers; consisting of Massre. G. Robertson, jun., Howard Dare, ansoil E. H. Bardwell, also sustained their 'rdles in a most creditable manner. "The Spectre Bridegroom, or a Ghost inu, Spite of Himself," concluded the entertainm meat. This farce was enacted by the pre* vious performers, with the addition of Messrs H. Norman, George Ormond, And C. Fr Beauchamp. It was very amusinglysenderdde and was provocative. ef a great\ des merriment. During the evenin s tsal1 handsome bouquets were thrown upo. ot stage, and the young performers mayi gratulate themselves upon their possr"Q0 of the power to interest an audience , long a time, as the entertainment 4d .u? conclude till nearly midnight, :'. 