Her Majesty's Tower By William 'Hepworth Dixon. Chapter VII. uncle gloucester. If I may counsel you, some day or two Thanks to the great poet, no name is stamped so darkly on the Tower as that of Gloucester. Richard seems to haunt the pile. If the word Tower crops up in talk, nine persons out of ten will throw his figure into the front. They see, in their mind's eye, Gloucester with his knife at King Henry's throat; Gloucester denouncing Hastings at the board; Gloucester in rusty armour on the wall. Men picture him as drowning his brother Clarence in the butt of wine; as murdering his nephews, King Edward and the Duke of York. The localities of his crimes, and of the crimes imputed to him, are shown. He stabbed King Henry in the Hall tower, now the Jewel house. He accused Lord Hastings in the Council chamber, and struck off his head on the terrace below the keep. He drowned his brother in the Bowyer tower. He addressed the citizens from the terrace now known as Raleigh's walk. Brackenbury was kneeling in St. John's chapel when he received the King's order to kill the princes. The boys were lodged by him in the rooms over the entrance gate then known as the Garden tower. They were interred in the passage, at the foot of a private stair. The bones of these royal youths were afterwards dug out from behind a stall in the keep. That the princes were murdered in the Tower there ought to be no doubt Two of the greatest men in English story vouch it; not in the general feature only, but in the minor details of the crime. Sir Thomas More (the true author, as I think, of the book which bears his name) wrote at the time about the year 1913 while he was acting as judge of the sheriffs' court, and while two of the four actors in the business were still alive. Lord Bacon, who knew the place and the story well; who probably heard the Tower authorities, when they read a welcome to King James, describes the Bloody tower as the scene of that royal murder; seems to have felt no doubt on the point. What More and Bacon wrote received clinching proof in the discovery which was afterwards made of the children's bones. Yet the story of this murder has been doubted; not in detail only, but in block. In the first place, political passion led to reports that the princes were not dead; and when these political reports fell away with time, they left behind them a bodiless spirit in the shape of historic doubt. Partisans of Lambert Simnel and Perkin Warbeck were bound to say the two princes had not been killed by Tyrrellinthe manner commonly supposed, and that one of them had not been killed at all. Duchess Marguerite (King Edward's sister) received young Warbeck as her nephew; the Irish nobles owned him for their prince; while a powerful English party, hating the victor of Bosworth field, were secretly disposed to push his claim. To all these partisans of the House of York, that story of a midnight murder was a fatal bar. From that day to our own some ghost of a doubt has always fluttered round the tale. Bayley denies that if the crime were done at all it could have been done in the Gate house. But his reasons for rejecting a tradition which certainly goes back to the time of the alleged murder are very weak. He thinks it unlikely that Gloucester would confine the royal youths in so obscure a place. He thinks it absurd to call a room Woody because two boys had been smothered in it. He finds in a survey made in the reign of Henry the Eighth, that this pile was called the Garden tower, not the Bloody tower, as he thinks it ought to have been styled if the legend of the crime had then been considered true. On what slight grounds historic doubt may rest! Richard's scruples about putting his nephews into a dull lodging, after he had resolved to kill them, may be dismissed with a smile. Yet, fact being fact, it must be added that the rooms over the gate wore a part of the royal palace, communicating with the King's bedroom in the Lantern, through the private chapel and the Great hall. Nothing about the Gate house then suggested dismal thoughts. It was the Garden tower, called from a garden into which it opened. It was lighted on both sides, so that the windows commanded views of the inner and outer wards, as well as of the wharf, the river, and the bridge. It had a separate entrance to the pleasant promenade on the wall. King Henry the Sixth had lived in the adjoining room. As to the fact of calling a place bloody on account of two boys having been smothered in it, a word may be said. Old writers do not say that both the boys were smothered; indeed, the very Bret narrative of this murder (that of John Randall, brother-in-law of More) states that the ruffians smothered one of the boys with a pillow and cut the other boy's throat with a knife. As to the change of name, the answer is brief. Garden tower was an official name; the survey made by Henry the Eighth was an official work. It is only after many ages that in a public document you can expect to see an official name replaced by a popular name. The Bloody tower is not the only one which has changed its name in deference to public whim. The official name of the new Jewel house was once the Hall tower, that of the Lantern was once the New tower. Beauchamp tower is known as Cobham tower, Martin tower as Jewel tower, Brick tower as Burbage tower, and Water gate as St. Thomas' tower. Edward the Fifth and his brother, Richard, Duke of York, one twelve years old, the other eight, were living in the palace, under charge of Sir John Brackenbury, then Lieutenant of the Tower; the young king having been deprived of his royal power without being deposed from his royal rank. Gloucester ruled the kingdom as Protector. The queen mother, Elizabeth Woodville, who had seen her second boy torn from her arms, with wild foreboding of his fate, lived in sanctuary with the Abbot of Westminster; occupying the Jerusalem chamber and that adjoining room which is now used by the Westminster boys as a dining- room. The fair Saxon lady, whose pink and white flesh and shower of golden hair had won for her the wandering heart of Edward the Fourth, could hear the matters of joiners in the abbey, could see the waggons of vintners and cooks bringing wine and meat to the great hall, by command of Gloucester, for the coronation of her eldest son. But the royal widow knew in her heart the festival day would never dawn. Her brother, who should have held the Tower 'or Edward, forsook his post to join her in sanctuary under the Abbot's roof, where he felt that, come what might, his head would be safe. Gloucester took charge of the fortress in his nephew's name. Working in the dark, with shrugs and hints, he began to sound the great earls and barons as to how far they would go with fear; and to throw out hints of a secret marriage having taken place between his brother, the late king, and Elinor Talbot; by which reports "no legitimacy of his nephews would be brought '"to doubt before Holy Church. Robert Stirling was, bishop of Bath, and Lord High Chancellor, is said to have helped the Duke, by saying that he had married the King to Elinor; a fact which he had concealed during Edward's reign, because his royal master had afterwards made the still more fascinating Elizabeth Woodville the public partner of his throne. Some earls and knights lock up the prelate's tale; a few from fear of the Duke, others because they may have thought l,»*.vTll<> right of' republishing "Her Majesty's Tower" ? iron purchased by the proprietor of The Qumulandtr. it true. Edward the Fourth, thought light of love, Kftd not been manly in protecting the frail 'ones whom' life passions had brought to shame. Shore's'wife was not the only woman whom he had loved and ruined. ; Hewart said to.haveleft many a son in Cheapside. Men who rejected the tale of Perkin'Warbe'ck being the actual Duke of York,: could not help thinking, from his face ¦ and figure; that he must have been 'King Ed 'ward'Brnatural soon., Such, would seem to: have been Bacon's view A mock marriage was not, indeed, beyond Edwardes flight;, and the Bishop of Bath and Wells may have aided in some such frolic That Edward had been guilty of entering into a clandestine marriage, and of keeping it secret, to the peril of his crown, is a story not to be received. But men who could not see with Gloucester's eyes, soon found that the Duke had a swift and ugly way of freeing himself from lukewarm friends. Lord Hastings felt it first. Pushing forward the young king's coronation, Richard called a council, in which some of the men who knew his bout had seats. They met in the Council Chamber, where Lord Hastings, instead of playing into the Duke's hand, spoke up stoutly for the King; on which Gloucester, who had been listening in a passage, rushed into the Council room, tore up his sleeve, showed a withered arm, which he accused Hastings of having caused by impious arts, and asked his councillors what should be done. Words were useless. At a sign from Gloucester, bands of soldiers rushed from the corridor, tore Hastings from the table, dragged him downstairs, and, finding the block on the green out of order, threw him across a beam of wood and hacked off his head. Then came, stroke on stroke, the crowning of Richard and the murder of his inconvenient kin. Richard left London for the north while the crime was being done. His. instruments had been chosen and his orders given. But the course of murder never quite runs smooth. Bracken- bury was at his prayers, when the King's meaning was made known to him in a few sharp words. Finding him on his knees, the royal message was not likely to find him in the mood. He refused history. The King had ridden so far as Warwick Castle when he heard that Sir John declined his office and though it was midnight when the rider came in, he slips from his couch, passed into the guard-room, where Sir James Tyrell, his master of the horse, lay sleeping on a pallet bed, and gave a few sure words of instruc- tion to that trusty knight. Tyrrell rode back to London, bearing a royal order that Brackenbury should, for one night only, give up his command, with the keys and passwords. The month was August; the days were hot; and Tyrrell was much oppressed in soul; for murder is not an easy thing at beat, and the errand on which he was riding to the Tower was one of the foulest ever known. But he feared the now king even more than he feared the devil and all his fires. Two trusty knaves were at his side; John Dighton and Miles Forrest; fellows on whose strong arms and callous hearts he could count for any deed which the King might bid them do. These men he took down to the Gate- house, where the princes lay; and after getting the keys and passes from Brackenbury, he closed the Tower gates, and sent the two ruffians up into the princes' room. In a few seconds the deed was done. Stealing downstairs, the murderers called their master, who stood watching near the gate, to come up and see that the boys were dead! Tyrrell crept up, by the private door; and, after giving a few orders to his agents, and calling the tower priest to their help, he rode away from the scene and from London; bearing the dread news to his master, who was still going north towards York. The two murderers, helped, as it would seem, by the priest, got the bodies downstairs into the gateway; dug a hole near the wall, and threw in the dead, and covered them over with earth and stones. But the now king, whose crimes made him superstitious, sent orders that the priest should bestow his nephews in some more decent place. The priest obeyed; but no one knew (unless it were the King) where he now laid them; and as he died soon after, the secret of their sepulchre passed from the knowledge of living men. After the battle of Bosworth and the fall of Richard, the new king had no reason to conceal that grave, and after the rising of Perkin Warbeck it became a pressing duty for him to find it and make it known. He could not. Forrest was dead ; the priest was dead. Tyrrell and Dighton, though living, and eager to confess their crime, covering themselves with a royal pardon, could not help being Henry to prove, by the very best evidence? their bones that the princes were not alive. Richard had sent orders for the priest to remove them that was all they knew; and every apprentice boy in London know as much. The fact of a first burial, and then a second burial, is stated in the writings ascribed to Moree, and is mentioned in Shakespeare's play:? The chaplain of the Tower hath buried them, that were, to say the truth, I do not know. As the priest would be likely to inter the princes in consecrated ground, search was made, not only in the open graveyard near St. Peter's, but within the church. To find these relics would have been to render a signal service to King Henry. No effort was spared; but fate was against the search and as the bodies could not be found, the most cunning princes of Europe affected to believe that. Perkin Warbeck the Pretender was King Edward's son. Two hundred years after the deed was done the mystery was cleared. In the reign of Charles the Second, when the keep (no longer used as a royal palace was being filled with State papers, some workmen, in making a new staircase into the royal chapel, found under the old stone steps, hidden close away and covered with earth, the bones of two boys, which answered in every way to those which had been sought so long. Deep public wonder was excited ; full enquiry into all the facts was made and a report being sent to Charles that these bones were those of the murdered princes, the King gave orders for their removal to a royal sepulchre in Westminster Abbey. The bones thus found now lie in the great chapel built by Henry the Seventh, side by side with some of the most eminent of English kings. Chapter VIII. PRISON RULES. Let the sorrowful sighing of the prisoners come before Thee. What, in those days, were the rule and order of our first State prison The rule was simple, the order strict. In ancient times the government lay with the Constable, who had his official residence on the eastern wall, in Constable tower. This officer was paid in fees ; twenty pounds on the committal of a duke, twenty marks on that of an earl, ten pounds on that of a baron, five pounds on that of a knight. A poor man had no right in the Tower at all; the officers sometimes complain that such and such as follow could not afford to be a prisoner, and ought to be sent away. When a man was committed, the council seized his goods for the king's use, and the Treasury had to pay the Constable for his board and Mrs. So early as the reign of Richard the Second, the fees were fixed for a duke at five marks a-week, for an earl or forty shillings, for a baron at twenty shillings, for a knight at ten shillings. A duke's chaplains were allowed six shillings and eight-pence a-week ; his gentlemen the same ; his yeomen three shillings and fourpence All other servants were allowed three shillings and four-pence ; all other yeomen one shilling and eight-pence. These fees were raised as gold declined in value. In the reign of Edward the Sixth, the Duchess of Somerset, with two gentlewomen and three male servants, cost the Treasury eight pounds a-week. in Mary's reign, Lady Jane Grey was allowed eighty shillings a-week for diet with thirteen shillings and fourpence for wood, coal, and candle. Her two gentle- women cost twenty shillings a-week, and her three male servants the same sum. A bishop was treated like a baron, Nicholas Ridley, bishop of London, wasallowedfifty-threoshillingsa-week for food, with six shillings and eight- pence for fire and light. Two servants waited on him, who cost the country ten shillings a-week. The prisoners were cheated by their keepers, most of all in the comforts of fire and candle. The Constable, always a man of high rank, appointed a Lieutenant, to whom he allowed it stipend of twenty pounds a-year, with suoliBmall savings as could be made in furniture and food. In the reign of Henry the Eighth, the Lieutenant, who had now become the actual prison warder, had a new house built for his accommodation, in a courtly quarter of the prison, under the belfry; which house was afterwards known as the Lieu Ed pec not oba tag her cell fess con Star met on his way I keep fun can be: and tol toS T that on sea will offer grey T first idol Was Crew lost a fit of a in his the to t fixed so p tenant's lodgings. Close by his house, on either Rich side, stood two' smaller houses for his officers that in the east, in the garden, became famous in after times as the prison of Latimer and Raleigh; that to the north, on the green, became famous as the prison of Lady Jane Grey. in time, the Lieutenant and his officers came to look on the State allowance for a prisoner's maintenance as a perquisite. They expected an offender to pay heavy fees, and to find himself in furniture and diet. Raleigh paid for his food £208 a-year; equal to a thousand pounds in the present time. Bare walls, an oaken floor, a grated window, anion bound door, were all provided by his country. Chairs, arras, tables, books, plate, fire, and victuals, he had to buy for himself, at his own cost, through porters, serving-men, and cheats who lived upon his purse. When he had bought these articles, they were not his own, except for their immediate use. The rule was, that as a man brought nothing in, he could take nothing out. Whether he died in prison, or left it with a pardon, his goods of every kind were seized for his keeper's use. How a prisoner fared in his cell may be seen by two examples taken from a heap of records. The case of Sir Henry Wyat, of Allington Castle, Kent, father of the wit and poet, takes us back to the letters of the Red and White Roses. Wyat, a Lancastrian in politics, spent not a little of his time under watch and ward. The Wyat papers say?" He was imprisoned often; once in a cold and narrow tower, where he had neither bed to lie on, nor clothes sufficient to warm him, nor meat for his mouth. He had starved there had not God, who sent a crew to feed his prophet, sent this his and his country's martyr a cat both to feed and warm him. It was his own relation unto them from whom I had it. A cat came one day down into the dungeon unto him, and as it were offered herself unto him. He was glad of her, laid her in his bosom to warm him, and, by making much of her won her love. After this she would come every day unto him divers times, and, when she could get one, bring him a pigeon. He complained to his keeper of his cold and short fare. The answer was he durst not better it.' ' But,', said Sir Henry, ' if I can provide any, will you promise to dress it for me ?' 'I may well enough, said he, the keeper, you are safe for that matter;' and being urged again, promised him, and kept his promise, and dressed for him, from time to time, such pigeons as his ancestor the cat provided for him. Sir Henry Wyat in his prosperity for this would ever make much of cats, as other men will of their spaniels or hounds and perhaps you shall not find his picture anywhere but, like Sir Christopher Hatton with his dog, with a cat beside him." One picture of the old knight, with his faithful cat, pigeon in paw, was seen in the South Kensington gallery of portraits. Wyat was put to the torture, a thing unknown to our law, but well known to our judges. Racks, boots, barnacles, thumbscrews, wore occasionally used. The barnacles was an instrument fastened to the upper lips of horses to keep them still while they were being bled; and Richard the Third was fond of putting this curb on his enemies. One day, after putting it on Wyat, the King exclaimed in a fit of admiration, " Wyat, why art thou such a fool ? Thou servest for moonshine in water. Thy master," meaning Henry of Richmond, " is a beggarly fugitive ; forsake him and become mine. Cannot I reward thee 1 And I swear unto thee I will." To all this the prisoner replied : "If I had first chosen you for my master, thus faithful would I have been to you, if you should have needed it. But the Earl, poor and unhappy though he be, is my master, and no discouragement, no allurement, shall ever drive me from him, by God's grace." When the wars of the Roses came to an end, Sir Henry found that he had served for something better than moonshine in water; being made a Gentleman of the Privy Chamber, a knight banneret, Master of the Jewel house, Treasurer of the King's chamber, and a Privy Councillor; rich enough to buy Allington Castle, one of the noblest piles in Kent; where Lady Wyat, his wife, put the Abbot of Bexley in the stocks for taking liberties with one of her maids ; where Sir Henry lived to see his son, Sir Thomas, renowned as a wit, a poet, and a servant of the Queen. The case of Thomas Howard, third Duke of Norfolk, gives us glimpses of the prison seventy years later, in the reign of Edward the Sixth. Norfolk was not only the first of English nobles, but the uncle of two queens, and nearly related to the King in blood. He had served his country in the council chamber and at foreign courts in the fleet and on the field of battle ; nay, he had so far won King Henry's confidence as to be named one of his executors during the minority of his son. He was an early reformer, and in the wild rising called the Pilgrimage of Grace he had smitten the Catholics hip and thigh. Yet, when Henry was on his death-bed, rivals and enemies whispered in his ear that Norfolk's eldest son, Lord Surrey, the poet of whose genius we are all so proud, was looking for the hand of Mary, and quartering the arms of Edward the Confessor on his shield. The dying man was alarmed for the public peace. Father and son, seized in the King's name, were lodged, unknown to each other, in the Tower. Surrey, not being a peer of the realm, was tried at Guildhall by a common jury, before whom he pleaded his right to wear the Confessor's arms; a right of usage which he said was sanctioned by the heralds ; but the court pronounced this assumption of the King's arms treason, and the brilliant young noble laid his head upon the block. The Peers passed a bill of attainder against the old warrior; a warrant for his execution was signed ; but in the night, while the fieldsmen were sharpening their axe and setting up the block, the King expired. Somerset, the Duke's rival, feared to carry out the warrant; yet Norfolk was kept in prison until King Edward died; and in this interval of quiet endurance there is one letter from him extant, in which he humbly begs to have some books sent to him from a house in Lambeth, saying, very pathetically, that unless he has a book to engage his mind, he cannot keep himself awake, but is always dozing, and yet never able to sleep, nor has he ever done so for a dozen years Only one servant was allowed to wait upon him a rare restriction in the case of men of his exalted rank. The Duchess of Somerset had two ladies and three male servants to attend her. Sir Edward Warner, the Lieutenant, made the usual charges for a duke, £22 18s. 8d. a month ; charges which should have covered died, light, and fire. Yet Norfolk has to beg his good musters for leave to walk by day in the outer chamber of his cell, for tho sake of his health, which suffers very much from his close confine- ment. They can still, he says, lock him up in his narrow cage at night. He craves to be allowed some sheets, to keep him warm in bed. Such were the comforts of a prison, to the first peer in the realm, at a period when the laws did not pretend to be equal for the great and the obscure. A man of quality had one great advantage ; he could not be stretched on the rack and it hung by the cord. Cases occur of a baron in one cell urging his follower in another never to con- ~l" few, but to stand out like a man and the pour commoner replying that it is easy for a lord to stand out, since he is only examined by word of mouth ; not so easy for a poor wretch who, unprotected by his quality, has to answer with his thumb under a screw and his limbs on the wheel. Chapter IX. BEAUCHAMP TOWER. Before the days of Henry of Agincourt, the keep had ceased to be a common prison, and that function had been transferred to the large and central work on the western wall. This work became known by the names of Beauchamp tower and Cobham tower ; names which take us back to Thomas de Beauchamp, Earl of Warwick, and to Sir John Oldcastle, the Good Lord Cobham. This tower consists of three floors ; mainly of three large rooms and a winding stair ; a room on the green, which was used by keepers and servants ; a middle room, used as a prison, for what may be called the second class of great offenders ; an uppermost room for the servants of great lords and for prisoners of inferior rank. The tenant to whom these chambers owe their first renown and lasting name, was a popular idol, Thomas de Beauchamp, son of that Earl of Warwick, who had swept through the lines of Cressy and Poictiers. Beauchamp was of milder tastes and more popular manners than his sire ; a friend of the good Duke of Gloucester, Thomas of Woodstock ; a builder, a gardener, a student; a man who found more happiness in his park and his oratory than in courts and camps. When the House of Commons met to appoint a governor to the young King, Richard of Bordeaux, they fixed on Beauchamp us the man best gifted for so great a charge. It was a thankless office. Richard proved to be a boy at once proud and in a win for I little if < fort bite hits it t hok grow high dry] and crop doe hair to H the paper male sex have mac 0 very and a pi much "W good men Join thin and heavy base; fond of pomp and show; attached to low persons and degrading pleasures.. For the King's own good, Gloucester and Beauchamp put their strength together, and, being joined by Arundel, Mortimer, and other great barons, marched on London, seized the rapacious Simon Burley, and, after an open trial, put this unpopular minion of the King to death. All honest men rejoiced in Burley's fall; but Richard was roused to anger and for many years he nursed a bitter heart, masked by a smiling face, against the men who had done him this true service. In fact, the arrest of Burley was not their sole offence. They wished to keep him in the open path of law while he and his flatterers were bent on ruling in a fashion of their own. Hence they acquired the name of sound advisers" to the court. For some years Richard had to wait and grow; but when he came of age, he took the reins into his hands, dismissing his wise governor from his council, and banishing him into the midland shires. Beauchamp repaired to Warwick Castle, where he found sweet employment for his genius, in building towers, in strengthening walls, in planting trees. Some of his noble work remains in evidence of his taste and skill; among other things, Guy's tower, on the north-east corner of the castle, and the nave of St. Mary's Church in the town. But even in the country, men so popular as the Duke of Gloucester and the Earl of Warwick were not to be endured by a prince who dreamt of seizing all the powers of the realm into his puny hands. At length his occasion came, and he struck his blow. Arundel was the first to fall; Beauchamp followed next; but. they only fell when the liberties of England were destroyed, when parliaments were swept away, and the King, with the advice of of eight lords and three commoners only, assumed the power of making all future laws for the government of his realm. It was a vast usurpation, and the men who became its victims were regarded as martyrs to a sacred cause. The barons seized by the King were taken by perfidious arts. Lord Arundel was carried by his brother, the Lord Primate, to the King's closet, whence he was hurried to the Isle of Wight. Beauchamp was caught as he was leaving the royal table. The weak prince, who piqued himself on his guile, invited the great and popular Earl to dine with him, and on his arrival treated him with distinguished favor, sitting at the same board, and calling him his very good lord. A stranger who stood by would have supposed Beauchamp higher in grace than ever ; but the King's servants knew their master; and were not surprised on quitting the banquet, to find him a prisoner in the marshal's hands. In a few days Beauchamp was given in charge to Ralph Lord Nevill, of Raby, Constable of the Tower, by whom he was lodged in the apartment to which he has bequeathed his name. Thomas of Woodstock, known as the Good Duke of Gloucester, was taken next, at his castle of Plasley, near Dunmow, by an ingenious wife. Richard set out from London, dressed as for a royal hunt; rode on to Havering Park, where dinner had been prepared for him and, after eating a morry meal, got on his horse, and went on to Peasley, the Duke's residence, with a few gentlemen only in his train. It was five o'clock of a summer afternoon when they clattered into the open court; the Duke, who had just stepped, led down the Duchess and his children to the court-yard to give his nephew welcome. Richard went into the house, and sat at table ; but after a few minutes, he cried, Fair and o, cause you some five or six horses to be brought, and let us away to London, when we need your counsels." Uncle and nephew descended into the yard, leapt to their horses, and rode away the King keeping in front, at a sharp trot, until they came upon an ambush of armed men, who seized the Duke's bridle and hold him fast Gloucester shouted to his nephew to come back ; but the King rode forward, taking no heed of the Duke's cries, until he reached the Tower and threw himself on his couch. The Duke, brought up to London by his guards, was thrust on board a ship, carried over to Calais, and lodged in the castle of that town, from which he was never to escape with life. Arundel was tried, condemned, and executed. Mortimer escaped from his pursuers into the wilds of Ulster, where he dwelt in safety with the Irish kernels. From his cell on the westwall, Beauchamp was carried by Lord Nevill and his javelin men to the House of Peers, where John of Gaunt informed him that he stood accused by Edward Plantagenet, Earl of Rutland, of having, in times long past, committed divers crimes and offences against his lord the king. Beauchamp replied, that for these alleged offences he had received a pardon under the Great Seal. Of course this plea was final. But Sir John Clopton, Chief Justice of the King's Bench, declared that this pardon under the Great Seal would not serve his turn, since the King, for good and wise reasons, had, on the prayer of his faithful Parliament, reported that instrument as void and of no effect. Seeing that the ancient law and franchise of the realm were set at naught, the Earl could do nothing else than put his cause in the hands of God and his Peers. Rutland made the charge against him in two main parts. In the first part he accused Beauchamp of high treason in having raised an armed force against the King's authority and crown in the second part in having arrested, tried, and executed Sir Simon Burley, without the King's consent, to the great scandal of his royal justice. Beauchamp knew they would condemn him though he may have doubted whether they would dare to defy the City by sending him to the block. He pleaded guilty to the charge. In a version of his trial, which was published by the court, he is said to have confessed his faults with many tears ; urging -that he felt the wickedness of what he had done, and that his only hope was in the King's grace and mercy. Gaunt pronounced the same sentence as on Arundel; that he should be hanged, drawn, and quartered that his name should be erased from the roll of Peers that all his castles, manors, and estates, should revert to the Crown. With the weight of this sentence on his head, he was taken back to the Tower, where Lord Nevill replaced him in his cell until his Majesty's pleasure should be further known. Richard, covered with the odium of his uncle's murder, could not bring his pen to sign the warrant for Beauchamp's death. The Earl had a great following, and his prison was a centre of public emotion, like that of Raleigh in a later reign. To get rid of these sympathies, he was sent away to the late of Man, a prisoner for life ; but that small islet in the Irish Sea was found to be no safe gaol for so great a man and before the year ran out he was brought back to London and lodged once more under Nevill's eye. Here he remained for two years longer; when the star of Henry of Bolingbroke rising in the west, he was set at liberty, purged in honor, and restored to his rank and fortune. His ashes He at Warwick, in the noble church which he had built in the days of his happy exile from the court. [to ask continued.] How Pins aub Made snappish, voracious little dwarf of a machine pulls in the wire, bites it off by inches incessantly, one hundred and forty bites a minute, and just as it seizes each bite a saucy little hammer with a concave face hits the end of the wire three taps and " upsets " it to a head while he grips it in a countersunk hole between his teeth and lays it sideways in a grove, where levers and springs, playing like lightning, point the pins, and whence they are dropped into a box. The pins are thou polished, and two very intelligent machines reject every crooked pin. Another automaton asserts half a dozen lengths, and a perfect genius of a machine hangs the pins by the heads and transfers them to slips of paper, and by one movemoutstieks them all through two corrugated ridges in the paper, when the work is finished. The pin machine is one of the nearest approaches to the severity of the human hand that has been invented. It is about the size of a living machine, which it closely resembles. Old Johnson, the player, who was not only a very good actor, but a good judge of painting and remarkable for making dry jokes, was shown a picture done by a very indifferent hand, but much commended, and asked his opinion of it. "Why, truly," said he, "the painter is a very good painter, and observes the Lord's command- ments." "What do you mean by that, Mr. Johnson, said one who stood by. "Why, I think," answered he, " that he hath not made to himself the likeness of anything that is in heaven above, or in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth." trod on two Ne and kill ing rea the bet that you too dor was 1 poor wife and dat the hut surf face! up; play All bea: lear frie: An mer atta has nest hen atta but hour. never was on fl cam dread a sea I am; ruffle him men to to fear if you at 01 weak 