MELBOURNE. (FROM OCR OWN C'ORIIE.SI'ONDKNT.) Saturday Evening. The Melbourne Cup acceptances have left in the unprecedented number of 85, of which 35 will, no doubt start, an immense field. Although the old Barb, 9st. 31bs., lias paid up, 110 one thinks of putting a shilling on him, and it is £20 to £1 against his turning up on the day. He has boon exhibited lately as a hack in Collins-street, fat, shiny and frisky as a young buck nigger. Next on the list is Diver, the mysterious, with Ost. lilbs., but people shake their heads over him and say that the day of this game sou of Maribynong is past, although the visitors from his division of Riverina are very full absnt liis doings. Pride of the llills, Ost., is not favored, but he may come again this spring. He is having a long spell at his South Australian quarters. Wollomai, 8st. lllbs., the Cup winner of 1875, will not be had at any price, but Haricot, the Cup winner of 1S74, is thought more of. Probably neither of them has the ghost of a show. No horse has won the Cup twice, since Archer in 18GL and 1802. Neither has the favorite ever won it since that tim;;, except the Barb, in 18GG. Robinson Crusoe, 8st. lOlbs., is regarded as the first likely horse on the acceptances, beginning at the top. This is the famous colt by Angler, out of Chryso lite, and thus he is a grandson of Fisher man. Robinson Cr'.iso> is so named because of his rescue at the City of Melbourne catas trophe. He was given up for dead, as he lay panting under a shed at the wharf, badly cut and injured, but yet he came again and brilliantly distinguished himself at Randwick last autumn. Imperial, Sst. 51bs., is a glory of the past. Newminster, 8st 31bs., is a very doubtful piece of cattle. No one knows how to regard this truly grand but unfortu nate son of the Marquis. Kingfisher, 8st. lib., lias no chancrf. Painter, 8st., is dangerous, being a swift fivo year old. and good performer. Adelaide, 8st., the Leger winner, must not be overlooked. Tocal, 7st. lOlbs., the only credible one of the Barb's progeny, stands far better in tho race than his renowimd father. Sportsmen expect To cal will mako a good run for it. Aldinga, 7st. lOlbs., winner of the Adelaide Cup, will be patronised by many. Irish Stew, five years, 7st. olbs., is fairly treated, and will show high in the betting. Tom Kirk, six years, 7st. 41bs., is very warm. He won the Australian Cup, and must be particularly watched in this event, for which he will no doubt bo the sheet anchor for his owners. First King, three years, 7st. lib., and Art ful Joe, five years, Gst. 121bs., are supposed to be crackers of the St. Albans stable. Since the withdrawal of Briseis, they have commanded more attention, but Savanaka, three years, Gst. 21b., huils from the same quarter and is the most supported. The aristrocratic Chester, three years, Gst. 121bs., has accepted, and was, perhaps, tho best colt of the autumn, but it is doubtful whether another prize will not attract him from the Cup. Meteor, five years, Gst. 121bs., is very quick over a short distance. It is thought tho Cup, two miles, is too long for his stay ing powers. Yet the weight is light, and he will make a rush. Don Alphonso, four year?, Gst. lOlbs., is a fine horse, but has just changed hands, which is unfavorable looking. Vagabond, four years, Gst. 91bs., is much supported. Rapidity, three years, Gst. 71bs., is by English Tim NVhifller, and thus half brother to Briseis and Sybil. He is a comm.' horse. Salisbury, three years, Gst. 3lbs., is caid to be very heavily backed. Devico, three years, Gst. 3!bs., will be a runner up. From tho mention of the above horses picked out of the mass, it will readily be understood that the race will be tho most open over con tested in Australia, and the most exciting. Tho Hawkesbury Handicap and the Swdney Metropolitan, especially the latter, will be keenly watched to aflbvd signs, but they have generally proved deceptive. The Melbourne Cup horses engaged for tho Hawkesbury Handicap, are Janitor. Tocal, Painter, Fern hill, Don Alphonso, Deacon, Black Eagle, Amendment, Dean and Moira, the total number of acceptances being 41, of, which hardly more than 18 will start. It will be seon that none of the Cup favorites are engaged at Hawki-sbury. The Melbourne Cup horses engaged for tho Sydney Metro politan are as follow :-Kingfisher,- Janitor, Painter, Tocal, Volo, llangatira, Fisherman, Fornhill, Don Alphonso, Glengarry, Cap-a pie, Deacon, the King, Black Eagle, Salis bury, Amendment, Dean and Moira. 