INTERVIEWING THE OMNIBUS COMPANY. AN institution can exist upon wheels equally important in its public functions alike with the immovable fixtures of hospitals, &c.;, and the 'Bus Company, by reason of a very extensive connection with the denizens of this city and suburbs, can lay claim to be considered a great " institoosliun" in pur midst. We determined, therefore, upon a chat with the functionary who is generally in the front upon 'bus matters, Mr. Sprigg, and ascertain a few particulars upon certain matters which have from time to time reached our ears. There is nothing particularly clownish about Mr. Sprigg ; he does not, more than he can help, smile too much, and one cannot but feel that Mr. Sprigg in his general conversations upon 'busses, is about to ask you, most of the interviewing time, if you have put your fare in the box. However, to the business before us, or rather behind us as we write ; that in front at present being the devil (from the type board), and the rear arrangement being in our great coat pocket, scented with pipe-stems, sandwich lunches, etc., etc, Scene : 'Bus Office, Bourke-street. REP.—Mr. Sprigg, I believe ? MK. SPRIGG.—Quite right, sir, be seated. Let me see, did you not have something to say about us before ? REP.—Possibly, we generally run most things on one track or another. So you are winding up I see ; going in for a big tram, eh, and fresh lines ? S.—Yes (smiling blandly), we intend doing something of that sort. Now what can I be of use in ? REP.—Well, to tell you the truth, I want a little general information about your company. S. (rising and producing newspapers).—There, sir, you will find everything in these accounts about our company, being articles recently written explaining our beginnings, how we have got on, the number of 'busses running, horse feed, etc., etc. REP. (declining papers).—Thank you, we never reprint stale matter. No, Mr. Sprigg, what I want to know I am afraid is not on those lists. Anyone listening ? S.—(rising and closing door). Not at all, we are quite alone. Go on, sir. RKP.—If in the exercise of my instincts of common humanity, I happen to ask a few unpleasant questions, I trust, Mr. S., that—you understand. S.—Of course, you know our company better than that. Rather - REP.—Precisely. Now, Mr. S., your company has made a lot of money and is really a wealthy proprietary uow—a splendid success. S.—Well, thanks, you are not far wrong. But perhaps you are intending to run an opposition, eh ? REP.—Not at all. To go back. You have done well, and the public seems to have stood manfully to your busses. Now, Mr. Sprigg, is it true you keep your drivers for nigh sixteen hours per day, each man being all this time in all weathers perched oil his box, immoveable. S. (looking in trouble). —Well you see hardly that, that is, you see REP.—Let me, one moment, ask: another question. These poor wretches with hands benumbed and wet and chilblained, have to collect fares, give change, drive, and keep time also for sixteen hours daily. S.—Well, you see. REP.—Now, Mr. Secretary, is it true that three of your drivers already, this winter, have died, and are now in their graves from absolute exposure, that the Melbourne Hospital almost continuously has charge of some of your whips with demented bodies, and that as a rule your drivers are leading lives worse than galley slaves, more wretched than convicts, and in addition to this daily bread-winning, are fined for slight breaches of irregularities, fined u one farthing short in their change ? S.—You are, I am afraid, prejudiced. REP.—There is no prejudice in the knowledge available to any man with a threepenny bit in his pocket, and a common hum® sympathetic heart, who will get up upon the box seat of any one o your busses, and hear the unadorned simple statements ot yo unfortunate drivers. , S.—These drivers often say things they know nothing about. Yarning, in fact, to kill time. . REP.—There is nothing cheering or exhilarating in listening tow cry from the box-seat, a cry which has been wrung from honest wH-working men, an agonised cry. of oppression. "W hy, your „_ 0 -3 to begin with ; will you point one driver earning 45s. a week ? ire you prepared to deny that you have not paid twenty per cent, dividends to one another, and men die every winter in your employ, dropoff almost in harness?—harness forsooth t your horses are princes ia comfort, while your men are pinched unhealthy monuments of grab- all, starve-all, take-all monopoly. S.—These words, sir, are REP.—I am not afraid. I am here to-day to expose a wrong, a bitter wrong ; for there are, and you know it, reports in the camp which have been smothered for over three years, and now is the time, when you are moving for further concessions from your employers, the public, to know how long you are to be allowed to do ill-deeds upon your fellow humans. You know well your men are short-lived, reins slip through half-nourished hands; aud while the rain patters against the window-pane, and the wind howls through the ticket-hole, while cozy passengers doze off in the lullaby of winter winds, there is one outside, alone, his cheeks sunken and ; hollow, who has been up there ill- clad, soaked through and through, nine long weary hours. His wife long ago ran across the sodden road and handed up to him a lump of salted meat, which, by bit and bite, he managed to munch as the horses shig-shogg'd through the mire. He will drive on through rain and damp fog for hours yet up there Eliivering alone, and the lamps will be burning low as he crawls into his little cottage, pale, no appetite, shrinking from the pitiless rains, his clothes clinging to his body, perhaps a third of his day's earnings gone on the loose slip of a few fares while on a sideling on a wet rein, and the world wags on. Why, sir, you sit here with warm rugs around you, fires for your office-boys, and those men, poor devils, your drivers, are being gradually and surely worn out by over-work and under-pay. S.—Look here, sir, it is our intention to make great concessions to our men under the new company, we assure you. REP.—Well, sir, I will givo you. due notice, we shall not leave you in your greased fortresses in silence. Why do you continue in these oppressions, knowing the bitterness of the wrongs you have committed? Who provides for the widows and orphans of those in your employ, whose headstones now « With uncouth rhymes and shapeless sculpture deck'd Implore the pleasing tribute of a sigh." Did you ? did any of you ? I fear not. I can see in your face, Mr. " >rigg, evidence enough, and you need not say a word. S.— But the public never complain, and what is more—- HEP.—The public will begin to know from to-day a little more than it knew before, and the public will learn to understand matters, I imagine, when you stand before its Legislature asking for tramway fixings and other American notions of yours. S, (raging)—We shall get them too, in spite of your twopennyhalfpenny comic rot of a rag. • • ' . . . . . REP. (risingThank you, Mr. Hoytey-tpighty, you can clap your hands with joy, and become a whole bough,' Sprigg, only you have got to alter that Box seat. There will have to be a MAN in charge of passengers'lives, and not a GHOST ! We are getting wearied of being daily driven by undertakers, and you had better begin to think so, because it is as well to tell you your ways are unhealthy. You needn't open the door. 