EUROPEAN NEWS, Compiled from our own Latest Files. The Anglo-Australian. This writer says, in the ' European Mail' Mr. Forster, the Agent General for New South Wales, has read his paper on the « Fallacies of Federation," before the Royal Colonial Institute. Mr. For ster has had considerable colonial experi ence in one of the finest colonies of the Empire, and it was expected of him that he would say something to the purpose on this ill-important subject. A large at tendance, therefore, greeted him when he made liis appearance upon the platform. As, however, Mr. Forster is too old a stager to be affected by a reception good, bad, or indifferent, he at once turned his attention to the matter in hand, and pro ceeded steadily and cautiously to enunciate his views as propounded in a rather elabo rate and clumsily-prepared "jiaper," to which I purpose giving a little attention. Mr. Forster's chief fault is that he treats .the subject too diffusely, and that, in seeking to be concise, practical, and effec tive, he loses his way, and is buried in a tangled mass of parasites, which inter weave themselves around his chief figure, and trip him up at every step. At one time he asserts that colonial federation is not good in any shape or form, and in the next breath he says that colonial federa tion might be good if it came spontane ously from the colonists themselves, but in no sense should it be forced upon the ^colonies by the Imperial power. He as sumes to himself an authority almost dic tatorial when he says—" It is naturally, perhaps, a favourite subject with public writers and speakers, partly, no doubt, from its purely political character, but chiefly, judging from the style of thought and discussion it awakens, because it ad mits of a vast amount of abstract and even transcendental theorising, standing as it does greatly out of the range of com mon political experience, and consequently little liable to be checked or tested by facts." This is in effect to say that all who have hitherto given any attention to this subject know nothing about it, .and that it has been left to Mr. Forster to in struct the world upon a point upon which it is, and has been, lamentably ignorant. Mr. Forster shifts his ground so much in the course of his arguments that there is no fixing him to any clear and defined statement, but I gather that he means this sweeping criticism to apply to writers and thinkers in and out of the colonies who have turned their attention to this form of government, and that he main tains there is nothing in ancient or exist ing systems which can be grafted in a federal sense upon our colonial institu tions, just as if federation was something so very mazy and obscure, and so inca pable of analysis, investigation, and appli cation as to be practically Utopian. At any rate he is clearly of opinion that theo rising stands no chance, for he asked his audience to agree with him in placing little value upon any theory, especially a political theory—ignoring the fact that in politics the theoretical must of necessity de tlis practical—which cannot stand the test of experience. And when he had got thus far he affirmed " that most of our theories of colonial federation are, and must for a long time to come remain, wanting in opportunities of application to such a test," thereby curiously and figu ratively enough admitting that a theo retical federation is capable of being put to the test of experience, though it might " be wanting in opportunities of applica tion to ' such a test.'" In illustrating his point he refers first to the position of affairs in South Africa, and in doing so he shows how dangerous it is to " theorise" upon any subject without an adequate knowledge of all its hearings. Upon apparently very slight foundation he charges the British Government "with exerting their utmost influence to intro duce into South Africa a system of local federation," when the simple fact is that Mr. Froude went out, not to introduce federation, but to sound the people and to learn how they stood affected in regard to that form of government; and so far was Lord Carnarvon from desiring to coerce the colonists that he invited the several colonies and states of that country to hold a conference for the purpose of gathering whether federation was desir able or no. For reasons which are well understood by Cape men the Premier, Mr. Molteno, refused to fall in with this suggestion. He saw it would break up that monopoly which the Western Pro vince had enjoyed for so many years, and against which the Eastern Province had in vain protested, and so he would have nothing to do with it. Mr. Forster is, therefore, in error when he supposes that Lord Carnarvon meant to force federation .--upon. South Africa. The relative position of parties will be understood when I say it is something similar to that which ob tains in Queensland in regard to separa tion—Cape Town or the Western Pro vince interest having an affinity to the feeling in Brisbane and district; and Port Elizabeth, Graliamstown, and many of the up-country districts, entertaining views similar to those held in Rockhampton and the North. Thus Lord Carnarvon, in recommending federation, was really only advising the country to its own good; for, if the proposed scheme should fall through, there can be no doubt that the separation agitation will break out anew and with more virulence than ever. In such a state of things surely federation would be preferable to separation. Then Mr. Forster is equally at sea when re ferring to the South African Republics, which he calls the "Boer Free States," and especially so when he assumes that these " Free States" once formed part of the British Empire. It is true that— after a skirmish with the settlers of what is now known as the Orange River Free State in 1848, in which the settlers were worsted—Sir Harry Smith proclaimed that settlement to be British territory, but in face of the fact that the Boers continued I to show a hostile front, that annexation ' can only be regarded as of a territorial character. Indeed, so little importance did the British Government of that day attach to it that Sir George Clark, six years afterwards, received instructions to retire from the territory and to abandon it to the Boers. Then, as to the Trans vaal Republic, this was never under Bri tish rule, the Republic having been estab lished by one Pretorius, who migrated with some Boers from Natal, so that when Mr. Forater says " in the interests and for the sake of a common humanity we are bound to consider the wisdom and expediency of that policy by which these Free States were created," it should be borne in mind that the sin of their crea tion does not lie at the door of the Bri tish Government, and that the entire subjugation of the Boers could only have been brought about at the cost of much bloodshed and possibly extermination. Human foresight can hardly be expected to grapple with events that are shrouded within the future of thirty years. Had ! the Government of that period been so I wise as the Government of the present day, and had the Boers of that day been I equally enlightened, history might have had to record another and more advanced solution of the difficulty, but as the then Government regarded that part of the country as sterile, impracticable, and too far removed from any port to be of use, they took little trouble in the matter. The war over they apportioned locations to the several Kaffir tribes, enjoining them to live in peace, and having done so much for the Kaffirs the least they could do was to let the Boers live in peace under their own form of government. I know that, judged by the light of our own time, the wisdom of this policy has been ques tioned, but if it be considered that these States—being now more than ever able to judge of the advantages of British con nection—may yet be induced to adopt federation, will not such a bloodless vic tory—a victory won by sheer common sense—more than atone for the errors (if any) in policy of thirty years ago ? Of a truth there is nothing equal to Mr. For ster's " transcendental theorising" in the course of his remarks upon South Africa, and this being so, their application in re gard "to the fallacies of federation!' may be said to be of doubtful value. Mr. Forster, however, seems to revel in diffi culties, and to delight in groping in the dark with abstruse theories. Hence, after looking in upon Barbadoes, and making some very unhappy comments upon the recent federation movement in that coun ty hi which it has been demonstrated that neither the Governor nor the Go vernment were to blame—he takes a hack ward header into antiquity and brings up the Achaian League, which existed some where about 200 years before the Chris tian era, with the object of showing that the leading feature of that league was "its independent and strictly sovereign character," and "that the federal units of the league have exhibited themselves.| more or less throughout those subsequent associations of tho same kind which his tory has classified under a similar desig nation." It scarcely needed to drag this ancient ghost from his grave to tell us this, for with the experience of Germany, the United States, and our own United Kingdom at hand, it was obviously only to lose time to go so far back for an ana !®§y in illustration of modern require ments. My own view is, that when the colonists shall agree to federate, they will not be asked to wear the Roman toga, or to adopt any principle that is subversive of progress, social or material. On the contrary, I believe things will remain pretty much as they are, that nothing will be done without their full and free con sent, and that the thought of coercion is nothing but a phantasy of the author's mind. I have thus far dealt with but a few of the arguments contained in the earlier portion of Jtfr. Forster's paper in support of his theory of the "fallacies of federation," and in my next I propose to review the remainder with the object of either being won over to his theory or of demonstrating its fallacy. The Somersetshire takes out two grey hounds, valued at £40, to Melbourne. The Baron Blantyre has on board for Otago two cows, two calves, and one bull, the whole being valued at £2050. The Opawa, for Canterbuiy, takes out horses valued at £700, and two dogs valued at ^30. As showing the power of production in the River Plate, it may be mentioned that the coming clip of wool'is estimated at 250,000 bales. One hundred thousand bales bad already been disposed of at Buenos Ayres, and the balance of 140,000 bales was on the way to market. It is fortunate that very little of this wool enters into competition with Australian or New Zealand sorts, but still the fact remains that it is absorbed somewhere in America and upon the continent. The new wheat crop, too, was coming in, and I am told the yield exceeds that of any previous crop of the River Plate. The wheat commanded a fair price. Looking therefore to the proximity of South Ame rica to our markets, there are economical considerations involved in these announce ments which seem to me to be worthy of consideration. The 'Journal des Fabricants de Sucre' announces that the premium of 100,000 francs offered by the Council-General of Guadeloupe to the inventor of a process calculated to augment the yield of sugar in the juice contained in the cane, lias been accorded to M. A. Duchassaing. The process consists of " imbibition/' and "repressing" the cane to the state of megass. This bears a strong resem blance to Mr. Russell's maceration pro cess, and it will be interesting to compare the details of the two schemes. A plan of Mr. Russell's macerating ma chine appears in ' Engineering' of January 19, together with a short description of its mode of working. The description is too technical for this column, but some of the results that are given may be men tioned. ' Engineering' says that, accord ing to experience obtained from a year's work with the macerator, as compared to f the ordinary method, an increase of 34i ' per cent, in the amount of sugar made per acre lias been obtained, and of 28J per cent, in the quantity of rum. The increase in the amount of coal employed is 32i per cent. The macerator reduces the amount of sugar left in the megass, and ordinarily wasted, from 26 per cent, to about 7 per cent., while the extra cost of plant and working is comparatively small. Some time ago I referred to a practice and against which I believe the colonies protested—which obtained on this side, of magistrates letting prisoners who were charged with petty thefts free, on a pro mise being given by their friends that they Bhould be sent to Australia. An other instance of this practice occurred the other day at the Middlesex Sessions, when Mr. Serjeant Cox remitted punish ment in the case of a youth charged with attempting to obtain property by false pretences, on condition that his friends sent him to New Zealand, " where he had relations well to do." Fresh meat from America and Canada continues to arrive in this country in large quantities. A consignment was sold whole sale in Smithfield Market the other day at 4|d. to 6^-d. per lb. At present, how ever, the public reap very little advantage from this reduction, as many of the retail butchers dispose of it at the same high rates as they are asking for the home-bred meat. It is confidently expected, how ever, that these importations will pre sently bring about a reduction of 2d. per lb. This will be a great boon to the pub lic, as a reduction of 2d. per lb. would re sult m a yearly saving to the whole coun try of £31,451,264, or an average saving to each family in the United Kingdom of about 3s. 6d. per week. Some butchers at Manchester have hit upon a scheme for counteracting the effect which the exten sive use of American beef is exercising upon their profits. They are, according to my informant, buying up as fast as they can all the tough old bulls and an cient " matronly cows" they can lay their hands on. These they kill, and exhibit as "real American beef, not frozen,"sell ing the meat at an apparently small price, j but in reality gaining a handsome profit. The customer, after once partaking of " real American beef, not frozen," never wants to try it again, and returns to his old high-priced English meat, which is nothing, in many cases, but the American article naturalised by the butcher. Re ferring to the fresh and preserved meat trade, the ' Grocer' says :— A contemporary, in replying to a cor respondent, says :—"Dr. Newman con tends that the lower atmospheric pressure and absence of phosphates in New Zealand must render children born or brought up in that colony inferior, mentally and phy sically, to those brought up at home. This view is strongly opposed by Mr. Mantell and others." A Shocking Accident.—The Brighton coroner has held an inquest on the bodies of Elizabeth Brown and her child, who were killed by a massive vase falling from the White Lion Hotel on the occasion of the Princess Louise's visit. The vase, it appeared, was broken by a large banner used in the street decorations becoming loosened by heavy gusts of wind and striking against it. The unfortunate wo man was walking on the pavement be neath, carrying her child four months old in her arms, and the terrible blow smashed her skull into twenty pieces, fractured her spine in two places, and broke her collar bone and one rib. The infant was also killed. It being shown that the orna ment was fixed in a proper manner, the jury returned a verdict of '.' Accidental death." A strange story of love and vengeance comes from Manteye Department of the Hautes-Alpes, France. A young man be longing to the German quarter fell in love with a young lady named Meissonnier, daughter of a school teacher, and asked her in marriage. Being refused, he de clared that he would be revenged, and for a long time watched his opportunity to carry out his plan. Some nights ago he concealed himself in the house during the absence of the young lady and her father, and awaited their return with a loaded revolver. As the girl entered he fired three successive shots at her, wound ing her each time. The father, who ran to his daughter's assistance, received the three remaining balls of the pistol. Hear ing the report of firearms and screams in the house of M. Meissonnier, the neigh bours entered, but the assassin had time to escape before they arrived. Cruelty to a Servant.—Robertson Fran cis Morris, a farmer, of Iver Heath, and Janet Morris, his wife, were charged on remand at Slough, on February 14, with cruelly ill-treating Caroline Carter, a nurse in their employ. The girl entered the de fendants' service last May from the Prin cess Louise's Home at Wanstead, and ever since that time had, according to her evi dence, been subjected to the greatest acts of cruelty. The wife pinched and hit her every day, broke a poker over her back, and repeatedly ran a pair of scissors and a fork into her arm and head. She also pulled nearly the whole of her hair out. The man had horsewhipped and kicked her. On another occasion the wife broke a sho vel over her back, and hit her on the back and arm with a poker. Other injuries were inflicted, and at last the girl's arm was broken. Both prisoners were com mitted for trial A very large crowd had assembled at the court, by whom the pri soners were loudly hissed. | A Child Charged with Felony.—Walter Ernest Nye, aged four years, described on the charge-sheet as ''of no occupation," living at 21, Richmond-street, Maida Vale, was recently charged at the Mary lebone Police Court with being concerned with two others not in custody, in steal ing from outside the shop, 402, Edgeware Road, a piece of bacon of the value of 2d., : the property of a Mr. Chapman, cheese monger. When prisoner was brought into the court he had half an orange in his i hand, and seemed to be enjoying himself ! immensely, for he looked round the court, and seeing his mother in the body of the court smiled at her. Mr. Mansfield re fused to allow the prisoner to be placed in the dock, and without asking what evidence was against the prisoner asked if the mother was in attendance. The mother, a respectably dressed woman, who was in tears, and appeared to be in great distress, stepped into the witness box, and the magistrate told her to take her son home and give him a good scold ing. A foolish hoax has just been perpetrated 011 some City brokers by a man sending tliem an order to buy .£100,000 worth of stock, which, being written on the memo randum of a well-known bank, was at tended to, with the result of £4000 loss to the firm. A Famous Shorthorn.—Lord Bective has had the misfortune to lose by tuber culosis the famous shorthorn, "Tenth j Duchess of Geneva," which was pur chased by his lordship at the New York Mills sale, United States, in 1873, for more than 6000 guineas. The '' D uchess'' has left of her breed one bull and three heifers, the youngest of which is stated to be especially worthy of her handsome dam. The Pimlico Murder.—Alderman Had ley and Mr. East, accompanied by their under- sheriffs, Messrs. Farrar and Baxter, the Rev. Lloyd Jones, the ordinary, and Mr. Sydney Smith, the governor, went on Feb. 9 to the cell of Frederick Treadaway, sentenced to death for shooting a man at Pimlico, and the ordinary announced to him that Monday, February 26, was the day appointed by the sheriffs for carrying out the sentence of the law. The pri soner, contrary to anticipation, received the fatal intelligence with considerable fortitude, and, indeed, since the trial he appears to have exhibited a good deal more firmness than he had previously shown while he was awaiting that event. A rather painful scene appears to have taken place at the court after the trial was concluded and the sentence of death had been passed upon the prisoner. It appears that among the witnesses who were called on behalf of the prisoner were his sweetheart, Caroline Stevens, and his mother and father, and Selina Stevens, the sister of Caroline, and they were all in attendance down to the period of the jury retiring. Mr. Tillcock, the chief in spector of the City police, who has charge of the police arrangements for maintain ing order in the court, anticipating the event of an adverse result, which was, of course, generally expected, deemed this a fitting opportunity to request the rela tives of the prisoner and the members of the family of Mr. Stevens to retire, and they were taken to a room outside. The father, it appears, was unable to bear the excitement, and he went away from the court, but the others insisted upon re maining to hear the result; and when the fatal verdict had been given, and the judge had passed sentence of death upon the unhappy young man, a distressing scene of excitement ensued; the young women and the mother shrieked vio lently, and a considerable time elapsed before anything like composure could be restored. A Mad Lover.—At Drayton, near Ab ingdon, on January 6, a young man of the name of Marshall fired a revolver at his sweetheart, named Elizabeth Besley, in a public-house. The bullet entered her back, and she now lies in a very precarious state. Marshall afterwards fired at the girl's father, but the bullet striking his watch glanced off without doing anv in 3«ry Marshall is in custody. 