TALES AND SKETCHES. THORLEIGH MOAT. A Grandmother's Tale. (From Belgravia.) Yes, my dears, it certainly has been a very dreary winter's day—snow, without any dismal faces within. I can quite unr deretand that you are sick of the frivolity of bagatelle, and weary with the hard work of chess. Come to the fire, then, and let us enliven the evening with a lit tle cheerful chat. A story ? 0, but what a tax on the old woman's brains ! I did not bargain for that. The story of Thorleigh Moat 1 You have never heard it properly ? Ah, well, I daresay not; it all happened so long ago, and for years it gave me so much pain to hear it alluded to, that the subject was forbiddeh, and at last almost forgotten. Now that all is softened by Time's " effacing fingers," I can tear to think of it with the meian choly interest one feels in a tragedy re presented on the stage. Ah, I can scarcely believe that. I ever was a wild impulsive girl, and the heroine of so ter rible a tale. Stir the fire, and let us have a ruddy blaze to warm our limbs and cheer our hearts. No, don't ring for the lamp : there s plenty of light to tell a story by tne fire blazes merrily. Now little Fan and Tommy had better go iip to the nurseiy. Yes, dears, it would not amuse you at all; and here are some goodies to sweeten exile. Good night, little ones. And now, you " chil dren of a larger growth," come here, and listen with adl your ears. You must know my father and mother lived in London, and my brother and I were their only children. My brother, several years the elder, went into the Koyal Navy at an early age; and soon afterwards, in consequence of my mother's delicate health and nervous temperament, it was thought advisable, for both our sakes, to send me to school abroad. Oh, I'm not going to tell you anything about my school days at Geneva now ; you have heard of all my pranks there over and over again. I will begin when I was fif teen, and was suddenly summoned to England in consequence of the death of my father. Going on business to the North, the coach in which he travelled was overturned; he was thrown on his head, and never spoke again. I foitud my mother in agonies of grief, which deepened into .utter despair when, s few months later, we heard of my bro ther's death. by fever in a foreign port. Two such shocks proved too much for her delicate frame, aud she died before I had completed my seventeenth year, leaving me an orphan indeed. I see tears in some of yonr dear young eyes. Yes, my darlings, it was indeed sad to be left as I was, still almost a child, alone in the world—for I really was alone. I had but few relatives, and with those few I was—in consequence of the time I had spent abroad and my mother's ill-health since my return, which had pre vented her seeing any company—totally ^unacquainted. found myself mistress of -a competent igh not a large fortune, and I and my lly possessions were entrusted to the ice of my nearest relative, my fa jlder brother, who always lived on lily estate in the West of England ; R> his residence, Thorleigh Moat, I to travel, in the companionship of /old and faithful servant, as soon as the icessary arrangements were completed. I shall pass over my journey, which was tedious but quite uneventful, and proceed at once to tell you of Thorleigh Moat, and my arrival there, k .. You must remember there were ne ^railroads in those days to whirl us acros: ■the country, and it was not till towards ■ffcc close of the thirty days' journey thai ■ opened my weary eyes as the post chaise ^■topped before the gates. ■ I had often heard of Thorleigh Moat, ■tad my mother, who had been there on i ■Visit soon after their marriage, loved tc W expatiate on the beauty and venerabls antiquity of this home of her husband'i family; but no description had preparei me for what I then, beheld, and I feai that I shall fail to convey to your minds a just idea of the scene which greeted mj eyes on that lovely autumn evening ] am to tiy ? So I will. Well, then, pic ture to yourselves a stately dwelling o! the Middle Ages, rearing its head un scathed amid the common-place buildings of the present day. It was a large squar< building, with courtyard in the centre, surrounded by its moat, broad, deep, anc clear, as when it formed a necessary de fence against the enemy. The mansion was of various periods and styles of archi tecture, but none, I believe, later than the reigns of the last Tudors ; all in wood order and repair, butundesecrated by the sacrilegious hand of modern state It was a fossil mansion ; a ghost of the past reappearing in the daylight of modern Civilisation ; a castle wherein the Sleepins -Beauty might awaken from dreams ol more than a hundred years. The drawbridge existed no longer, bul its place was supplied by a regular bridge, with a gate at either end, and over it j passed into the interior. . The outside had Btrack me chiefly foi its well-preserved antiquity, but on alight ing from the carriage in the courtyard J was absolutely dazzled by the beauty oi the scene. The architecture was, as J have said, picturesque and various, bul here the gardener's art had contributed not a little to the effect by the splendid creepers which draped the walls on aide, lhe tower which surmounted the entrance was a perfect pyramid of gor geous blossoms. The American creeper, «£ ?its finest scarlet hues flashed through masses of monthly roses and garlands of some lovely white cluster ing plant, while geraniums, the hand somest I have ever seen, glowed and bloomed around. O, yes, I know what you would say: "There were no Giants in those days." No, nor " Tom Thumbs/ nor Frogmores," nor any of the grandly named blossoms of the last half century ; \--indeed, .1 believe they have all been changed into Pelargoniums since I was young—but for all that I shall live and ln *ke belief that no flower evei bleomed like those which beautified old Thorleigh Moat. You see, like all old fogies (is there a female fogy?), I-fane j that the objects which 1 beheld without spectacles w«re far finer than any these dim eyes can see now-a-days. All sorts of images presented them selves to my young mind as I looked upon ^nd beauty glowing amid the shadows of the past; a hoary monarch in his coronation robes, a fair corpse tricked out for the grave in bridal dress, a ghost revisiting the glimpses of the moon while Nature seemed pleased with the work and harmonised the whole. I discovered subsequently that my un cle cherished this home of his ancestors lo™and Pride> and that to his good taste and care were chiefly owing its beautiful appearance and fine preserva I began to wonder who would wel come me to this enchanted place. The " Beauty" had arrived, but where was the " Beast ?" Ah, you may laugh, you wicked ones, but I was a beauty half a eentury ago. Ay, as you boys say, " and no mistake." Well, my wonder was of short dura tion, for, looking round admiringly, through an archway on the opposite side to that on which I had entered, I spied an old-fashioned garden, with high-clipped hedges and terraces of velvet turf, and advancing down its slopes a handsome man of middle age, who, from his iike ness to my father, I knew at once to be my uncle. He crossed the bridge that spanned the moat, and took me in his arms. Oh, how my heart warmed towards him as he folded me to his breast, and welcomed me as a daughter to his house. I felt as if I had indeed found a father again. The poor fledgling, fallen from the nest and left fluttering on the ground, had found a fostering hand to warm and cherish it. He led me into the house. We passed 1 first through an ancient dining-hall, with large windows, in which holy saints and unholy-looking warriors made dim the light of day, and old oaken settees looked as uncomfortable as the warmest lover of the antique could desire ; and thence, by ' many mysterious stairs and winding gal- j leries, to a room furnished in more mo- I dern style, with soft luxurious arm-chairs, I and windows that let the sunshine in, j and draperies of vivid hues. There, engaged in some feminine occu pation, sat my aunt, a pleasing-looking woman, though it struck me, 1 remember, at the first glance, that care sat on her brow. She welcomed me as kindly as my uncle, thereby removing from my mind a lurking anxiety, for the little 1 had heard about her had rather alarmed me at first. She had been married to my uncle only a few years, and neither my father nor my mother had ever seen her. She had been a widow with one son and a handsome fortune; and a report had reached us that she was, to use an expressive phrase, a masterful woman, and ruled my good but rather indolent uncle most despoti cally. However this might be, to me she then seemed all gracious kindness, and to her husband sweet wifely submission ; and the only drawback to my perfect satis faction with my present lot was the infor mation that her son, the young Osmund Ray, was for the time absent—for the same report that brought an account of my aunt's disposition had spoken of the beauty and talents of this youth, and I naturally longed for the companionship of one of my own age. Next day, refreshed by a good night's rest, I longed to explore my new abode, so unlike anything I had ever seen be fore ; and my uncle wished no better task than to be my guide—his interest in me and his pride in the old place com bining to make it indeed a "labour of love." The house was, altogether, very large, but much of it, kept up as it was in the ancient form, was of course useless for modern requirements. There were many rooms for which no use could now be as signed, with strange mediaeval names, which clung to them, though sometimes the very meaning was lost, except to learned antiquaries. My uncle explained everything, but still I remained in rather a puzzled though pleased frame of mind; more delighted with the picturesque and poetical view, than edified by all the archaeological learning my uncle poured into my ears. Of all I then saw for the first time, I was moBt struck with the an cient chapel, certainly the most beautiful part of the building, and in some respects the most curious. My uncle told me it was a perfect specimen of some particular style of Gothic architecture with a long name, which at this moment 1 forget—a matter of very little consequence, as I be lieve you would none of you be much the wiser for hearing it. It was enough for me, and it must be for you, that the chapel was beautiful, and, better still, was haunted. Need I say more to make it thoroughly interesting ? This chapel was kept in exquisite order and repair, with its family pew, a kind of gallery—its seats for retainers and do mestics, with cushions and curtains, and all .appliances and means for the Roman , Catholic form of worship, to which the family had clung till quite modern times, although, as my uncle kept no chaplain, divine service was now never performed here; but most interesting of all to me, near the entrance a flight of steps led up into a belfry, whence a door opened upon the moat, said to have been used in time of danger as a mode of escape for the in habitants of the castle; in what way I could not discover, unless they swam the moat, and then escaped the enemies on the other side. But for probability I cared nothing; improbabilities—the wilder the better—charmed me far more than any matter-of-fact statement, as is always the case in early youth, and I begged for the ghost story, and listened to it with a throbbing heart and trembling frame. And now you may listen in your turn. Some hapless priest, in times of perse cution, had been assassinated in that bel fry while in the act of polling the ropes to give the alarm to his friends on the other side, and his body thrown into the moat; and it was said that often at the hour when he met his fate he was seen to glide up the stairs into the belfry, when the eager listener might hear a faint ring ing of bells, mingled with angry voices, and then a fearful splash in the waters of the moat. Such was the tale which my uncle told me with a smile of incredulity, but yet with a certain lurking pride in the tradi tion, for, to an old family, legends of this kind ar# like fringe upon a costly gar ment, a necessary finish to its splendour and completeness. We went that morning all over the building. It was at that time, I believe, for its size, the most perfect specimen of feudal architecture in England. It now only serves as a residence for the Bteward who looks after the estate, and the noble mansion has, I hear, lost all its character and beauty. But to return to the past. As the place then appeared it took a firm hold on my romantic imagination, and, well read in taleB of chivalry as I was, I felt myself transformed into a noble chatelaine, and almost expected to see a knight come "pricking o'er the plain" to do battle for my charms. My uncle was much amused, and still more pleased with my enthu siasm, and I really believe that if I had been the most artful girl in the world, and had studied my part beforehand, I could not have succeeded better in win ning his regard. My aunt, too, perhaps influenced by him, seemed to take me to her heart. I was accepted as the daugh ter of the house, and treated with the moBt considerate affection. The terrible wounds my heart had suffered in the loss of all my nearest relatives were soon I almost healed. With the natural buoy ancy of youth I recovered, my spirits, and bloomed like a rose iu the fresh country air. Another cause too contributed perhaps to bring back life and joy to my heart— the companionship and attentions of a very amiable and pleasing young man. Thorleigli Moat was situated in a very beautiful but not very populous part of j the country. The estates were large, the houses widely scattered, and no import ant town within reach. Our ouly near neighbour was a young baronet, who ge nerally resided on his estate, which joined i my uncle's. He had not before been very intimate with the family at the Moat, but happening to call a few days after my arrival, he found me—I suppose I may say it now without vanity—so much to his taste, that he soon repeated his visit, and after a short time was constantly iu the house. Without transcendent talents, or re markably good looks, he was a tine manly ' fellow, with plenty of good nature and good sense, and an honest upright cha racter. What more should the heart de sire? I took great pleasure in his so ciety, and that feeling would, no doubt, soen have ripened into love, when an event happened which completely changed the spirit of my dream. This event was the sndden return of my aunt's son, my cousin, as I called him, Thorleigh Moat. I had not heard that he was expected, when one day, returning from a long ride, and going into the garden to seek my aunt, who spent much of her time there, I found a stranger quietly seated on one of the old-fashioned benches which were dispersed upon the grassy slopes—and such a stranger! He was simply the handsomest man that I have ever seen. His was a radiant beauty, that seemed to light up the sombre evergreens among which he sat, on that dull November day, with a kind of glory. Were I to describe him to you, you would think I was speaking of a girl; yet he was not ef feminate. In looking at him you were irresistibly reminded of the demi-gods of Grecian fable—a Hercules before his labours had begun, or young Archilles arming for the fight. On seeing me he started up, and ad vanced, with pleasure beaming in his eyes. " I must introduce myself," he said, and his voice was like an organ tone. "Iam Osmund Ray, and I cannot doubt that I behold my lovely cousin, of whom I have already heard so much from my dear mother." "Then you have seen her," I could not help saying, so much was I astonished at this sudden apparition, for which I was not at all prepared, no one having alluded to his expected return. " Of course I have seen her," he said, and seemed amazed at the surprise I could not quite conceal; " and now, sweet cousin, let us seek her together and together we went into the house, and through the long corridors to his mother's room; and I remember a strange feeling coming over me, as we walked side by side, that it was not as strangers we had met, and that already we belonged to each other. My aunt seemed, I fancied, somewhat puzzled and even embarrassed, as if she scarcely knew how to take onr sudden appearance together; but a look of peace was on her face I had never seen before. " Ah ! you have met already, you two spoiled children. Where and how ? Has Osmund in his impatience been to meet you, little one ? or did you, informed by some kind woodland fairy of his safe re turn, come at your horse's swiftest pace to welcome him ?" She spoke unlike her self, quickly and eagerly, and seemed im patient for our reply ; but I imputed all the peculiarity of her manner to joy at having this beloved son once more near her. She had spoken of him but little, but in that little I had traced her love and her anxiety, and liked her all the better for it. My uncle came in soon after, and seemed also delighted to see his step-son. Their greeting was pleasant to behold, and I felt at once as if a new day had dawned on the domestic atmosphere. For myself I soon knew that indeed the sun of niy life had risen, and every day I passed in Osmund's company added to the charm. His beauty, his fascinat ing manner, and varied talents made his society perpetual holiday and fete. He sang like an angel, spoke many languages, and talked of and cultivated art like a professor, and yet was no stay-at-heme or bookworm, devoted to sedentary pur suits, but rode, shot, and played at manly games better than many a youth in whose composition the article brains seems to have been accidentally omitted. Our meals, hitherto so silent, were now en livened with jest and laughter. We rode together, and he chased away my fears with kind encouraging words, till, for the first time, I was perfectly at ease upon my horse; we sang together, till the house echoed with the melody of our young voices. He was an " Admirable Crichton," and all his charms and talents were from the first devoted to my service and exerted in my behalf: can you wonder, then, that my first suitor, the worthy and most respectable baronet, fell into the back ground of the view, and soon faded alto gether from my mind 1 Happily he perceived the state of things very soon, and accepted his fate without a murmur; though, as I could not fail to see, with poignant regret. But atthattimean earthquake mighthave opened the ground beneath my feet, and I should scarcely have trembled so I and Osmund were engulphed together ; flames might have surrounded us, but, like the Indian widow, I should have submitted to the fate which destroyed us both without a sigh. I thought of nothing but my lover and my love. Soon the wintry weather often con fined us to the house, and we used to wander at twilight through the old rooms aj^ dim mysterious passages, recounting all the legends and ghost stories we could think of ; and many a time have I almost expected to see the famous monk appear ! upon the ancient staircase of the belfry ; but he certainly never at that time " re visited,' for us, the glimpses of the moon, making night hideous—I really believe, rather to our mortification —asif anything, save separation, could have caused an noyance to us then, happy lovers as we were ! The dark days of winter seemed changed to summer by the magic of love's beam. The trees were leafless, but our eyes saw verdure everywhere; and though the birds were silent, sweeter music sounded in our hearts. So warm a passion made rapid progress, and before we had known one another a month we had mutually declared our love, and Osmund had entreated his mother's ' and his stepfather's consent to our speedy union, i A day was soon fixed for our marriage, i When spring should begin to ripen into ! summer, we were to plight our troth in the village church, and then profit by the j long days to make a tour abroad, return ing before winter sot in, to settle down for ever, a happy united pair, in the an cient halls of Thorleigh Moat; Such was our programme, and the time of performance was drawing nigh, when one morning, ou coming down rather late to breakfast, X was astonished to find my aunt in tears, and my uncle looking much disturbed. My aunt embraced me, and telling me not to be alarmed, said that Osmond had been called away suddenly on business of importance, which would detain him a few days. He had left his dearest lore for me, and would write, but had not a moment's time to bid me farewell. It seemed strange that he should go thus without a word or sign, but I was obliged to submit, buoyed up by the hope of his speedy return, and the expec tation of a letter the next day. It came; my aunt gave it to me, saying it had been enclosed in one to herself. It was very short, only a few words, and the writing seemed tremulous; but those few were " words that burn"—words of wild love and passion, and they satisfied me. My aunt entered into a long explanation of the reasons of his absence ; X thought of his return, and scarcely heeded what she said. Alas ! that return was delayed week after week—our intended wedding-day passed by, and still my bridegroom came not. His mother was overwhelmed with grief, my uncle became taciturn and gloomy, and I .continually caught his eyes fixed upon me with an expression of profound compassion. My annt exhausted herself in excuses and explanations—Osmund was detained by affairs which I never could comprehend but she often gave me notes in his handwriting, which she said had been en closed to her. They were loving and pas sionate, but vague, and told me nothing. I was at first excited, and even angry, as much as grieved ; but as time wore on, bringing no lover and no satisfactory so lution of the mystery that surrounded i him, I gave myself up to grief ; and a ' more melancholy family circle could not have been found than ours, which so short a time before had been all life and happiness and hope. All day I wandered restlessly about, recalling the saddest legends of the place, till at nightfall a ghost seemed. to start ! from every shadowed nook, and when nearer approach shewed me the futility of my fears, I almost regretted it. I seemed to long for intercourse with an- I other world, since all was so barren and disappointing in this. And now I come, my children, to the terrible part of my tale—terrible indeed ! I shudder as my memory recalk in all their vividness the incidents of that eventful autumn. \ I used to wander, as I told you, to wards nightfall in the older and less fre quented portions of the building ; espe cially I used to sit for hours in the old chapel, seldom entered, except when an additional tourist gained permission to explore the building, or a servant en tered to remove the dust; and the latter happened, as you may believe, not very ofteD, and only in the broadest daylight. So there I sat undisturbed ; no one entered into my movements, or guessed where I spent the twilight hours. One night a suspicion suddenly crossed my mind that my beloved was dead, and that in pity they concealed the dreadful truth from me. " Oh, what false pity!" cried I to myself; " the worse certainty were easier to bear than all this dire suspense. If I knew he had left this world I would prepare myself to follow him, for surely God in His mercy would let me die. O Osmund, my adored! if you are in heaven, look down and give me some sign, to com fort me, left here desolate and alone." I uttered these wild words aloud, and as I ceased, I saw before me on the belfry stairs—how it came there I could not tell —a figure clothed in flowing monkish gar ments. It seemed to glide rather than walk, and almost before I could feel cer tain it was there, had disappeared into the belfry apparently; but if so, the door opened and closed without noise. All seemed silent as the grave. A trembling seized my limbs—my pulse ceased to beat. I fell upon the floor, and remained for some time in a state of un consciousness. The next night, at the same hour, I took my place upon a monument near the entrance of the chapel; and there, upon the stairs, glided the same figure, momen tarily seen, as on the preceding night. The light was faint, as the moon was still in her quarter, and I could not trace the way the figure came or went; but there it was for the moment, palpable to the sight, as it seemed to me, as myself, while it traversed that portion of the staircase which received the light of a window in the chapel. _ I shrank from mentioning the appari tion to any one, andi never made the slightest effort to approach it. It seemed i as if to do either would break the spell, and that I should behold it no more. All day I wandered in the desolate woods and gardens, longing for night to come, when 1 I should seek the ebapel and watch for ! that transient glimpse of, as I felt sure/ the spirit world. ! This lasted some time. Every night I j beheld the unearthly visitant, and every | night I sought my couch more and more weaned from thoughts of earth, and be lieving more and more firmly that I saw a messenger from my lost lover, and only determined to wait patiently his pleasure that his wishes should be communicated. As the month wore on the.moon, nearly at full, gave a clearer light. It fell full upon the stairs, though still leaving the highest and lowest steps in shadow ; and as the figure emerged into the resplend ence I could trace every fold of the long garments, which almost covered the hands and feet, and even the head, leaving only the face uncovered, and that had never yet been turned towards me—never yet. O, that it never had been ! But one night, as the moon at full shone more brilliantly than ever, my feelings became uncontrollable. I started forward; the figure turned, and, O God! it was my lover's face ! I saw it, changed as by the grave, pallid and ghastly, with eyes that seemed to glare upon me with hatred and fury ; but it was his face, and, whether in body or spirit, that was enough for me. I flew to Mm, uttering Ms name with frantic cries, with shrieks of mingled joy and fear. The figure fled, the door seemed to yield before it, and as I followed I saw the flutter of light-coloured garments dis appear through an opening on the other side of the belfry chamber—then a heavy fall, a fearful cry, a splash in the deep waters of the moat, and all was still. ' I sank insensible upon the floor. I Go on ? Tell you how it all happened ? I will—although the truth is almost too sad and shocking for yourj young ears, i My beloved, my lover, my beautiful Os mund—the favourite, as he seemed, of Nature aud of Fortune—had been from his childhood subject to fits of insanity. His doating mother bad always concealed the melancholy fact as far as possible ; aud as he grew older, and the attacks be came less frequent, she fondly hoped that iu time they would cease altogether. At the time of my arrival he had been so afflicted ; but as the fit had been slight and of short duration, his mother hoped his love for me, which seemed to effect a change in his whole nature, would com plete the cure. My uncle had consented reluctantly to what he considered a sacri fice, but she over-ruled him, and insisted upon his silence. How I should have felt towards him had I known it before we met, I cannot tell ; but certainly, after I once loved him, the knowledge of his calamity would but have increased my affection. Just before the time fixed for our mar riage a sudden attack, of a worse nature than any that had preceded it, came on, probably caused by the excitement which his mother had hoped would operate so differently. He had never been sent away from home on these occasions, but always kept under the charge of competent per sons in a secluded portion of the build ing, still under his mother's watchful eye, and on recovery he always seemed quite unconscious of the state he had been in. All these particulars I learned later. How he contrived on those fatal nights to elude the vigilance of his guardians, I never quite understood ; but madness is cunning, and doubtless his wandering mind clung to the remembrance of the spot. His horror and flight at sight of me may be only too well accounted for— the insane generally detesting those they most love in their lucid moments. But to return. Next morning I was found insensible upon the belfry stairs, and some trace of his garments floating on the waters of the moat guided the searchers to the discovery of Osmond's corpse, A brain fever long confined me to my bed, and when I at last awoke to con sciousness my aunt was dead. The shock had overwhelmed her, and she did not long survive her hapless son. My uncle was bowed down with grief and remorse for the part he had played in this sad tragedy—passive though it was— and it was to console him that I first roused myself to take a part in the ordi nary affairs of life. I need not say we left Thorleigh Moat, which has ever since been shut up and neglected, and took refuge on a small estate belonging to my uncle in the same county, but at some distance off. And now I think that all is told. Ah ! you want to hear something about the kind grandfather yon all remember: my dears, your grandfather, Sir Henry Moreton, was the young baronet mentioned at the beginning of my story. And now good-night. God bless you, dears, and all to bed. 