CORRESPONDENCE. BOWNING MELANGE. To the Editor of the Yass Courier, &IH;,— in a certain standing paragiaph on the magnitude and comprehensiveness of the modern Babylon— which said paragraph, like many a favourite Btock joke, makes its round of the newspapers evory three or four years— wo are told with considerable solemnity, and with a tincture of tho Macaulayian spirit, that the great city London contains " More Scotchmen than Edinburgh ; more Iriahmon that Dublin ; more Roman Catholics than Rome; more Jaws than Palestine;" and a good many other "mores," too numerous to mention. If I wero the editor of tho scissors department of a paper about to give our venerable friend another insertion, I should bo strongly tempted to add the words, "'and enough thieves to « take in ' and fleece tho rest ol the civilised and uncivilised globe." Whether we regard the young nnd artful dodger who in the humbler walks of the profession " fakes " and " filches " from the British public whenever he ha9 the ghost of a chance, or behold at tho very top of the ladder tbe soi-disanl Baron coolly pocketing his thousands for floating com panies which he never expects will pay, we are struck with a sort of aumirution at tho artistic and neat raannor in which the business operations aro conducted. Tho old-fashioned race of high way robbors and garrotters is fast disappearing. Thoir game is too dangerous now-a-days. The man who halt kills another for the sake of a five- pound note is much more certain to be eagorlv sought after than tbe moro scientific villain who baa moroly "done" you out of a few pounds. With the Bpread of education and the compulsory cramming of the three all-sufficient R's down everybody's throat, our predatorial class, who xnake such short work of moneyed and other aimpletons, nre becoming absolutely refined and scholarly, and put on Bueh a goodly outside as would deceive even Mr. Fagiu himself. But, talking about London thieves, the metro polis of tho world haBn't all the good tilings in creation. Even New South Wales rovols in tho luxuries of intelligent, sparkling, well-got-up rogues. Ono of there a short time ago penetrated as far as this union. ..ng little town. True, his ambition was not of the " vaulting " kind, but 'his visit was, all the same, thoroughly successful. A description of the modus operandi may not be uninteresting, and may prove a warning to others; besides, to tell the truth, I am rather abort of topics on this occasion. The gentleman in question was not particularly Herculean in stature, but he bad plenty to say for himself. According to his own account, he had finished a brilliant scholastic career at Eton, and wa3 per fectly au courant with the nnmber of beans requsito to make up the magical teBt five. In deed, to hear him ornculate, you would give him credit for being able to see very much further through a stone wall than most men. And so ' ie could, assuming the stone wall to bo a correct | |:g.:ra &: speech fcr ir.ar. s ir.c.-oduii:y, which it isnk. However, Uks ai. experienced general, he had previously reconnoitred tho situation, had obtained by some means the necessary knowltago as to who'3 who and what's what in Downing; and now ho makea his descent on the quiet and ominontly respectable ba9telry, "Tho Indepen dence Hotel." Tho stranger, with a magnanimity scarcely inferior to his transparent pomposity, opens his heart in the strictost confidence to his genial and interested hostess. His namo, he informs her, is — Mr. — and ho has just arrived in tho town to superintend, on behalf of the Governtnont, the orection of some workmen's cottages near tho lailway station. In speaking of the railway engineers and others who make tho dining-table of the Independence their rondozvotis when in Downing, he uses their names with tho greatest familiarity, and seems to be more or less acquainted with them all. About one of theso gentlomen, who had left the town tho day before, Mr. onquiros with moro than ordinary interest, as he has beon expecting from hira somo finnl instructions with rogard to tho work to bo superintended. But | no letter has boon loft for him by Mr. Links, j wheroat Mr. is very much surprised, ; and for tho moment non-plussod. Ilowever- boing a man of resource, ho gets over tho diffi, J culty somehow. At tho evening dinner ho un corks some of his Cockney French, waxes eloquent on tho beauties of the Gorman language, and gives a disquisition on Euclid and the evor- moroorable pons asinorum. Ho is evidently a man of partB. For a couple of days he comes end goes, and is apparently deeply engroBSod by his inspectorial duties. On the Saturday morning he asks tho landlady aguin if there is no Iettor for hira from Mr. Links. But tho reply is again in the negative. ThiB is another and a griovous disappointment. A letter Bhould have arrived containing a cheque with which to pay the workmon thoir wages. The non-receipt of this despatch wos exasperating beyond measure, and placed Mr. in a most trying and critical situation. Fortunately he bad some spare ca9h in his possession, and he only hoped it would prove sufficient. Two hours later— tho scheme was now matured — he rushed into the botol brouthloss, and, making his way to tho landlady's room, where she was at the time lying ill in bed, ho puts on a look of the intenseat misory, flings bis arms iu the air, and ejaculates with the desperation of a drowning man, "Good God ! What shall I do ?" Tho tender heart of the old lady, to uso her own expression, " leapt into her mouth," and with unfeigned concern she enquired what was the mattor, and what could she do for him. "Good heavens!" was tho reply, " What shall I do? I hare made up the wages, and find I am just £3 16s. short. I don't know what on earth to do." Now, the ancient Mrs. J. is anything but cold-blooded in a case of real distress, and this piteous appeal roused hor sympathetic bouI to immediate action. " Ob, if that is oil," she replied, much gratified to find tbe cause of his misery so trivial, " I can soon put you right. I will lend you the money." And she did put hira right. He got the £3 16s. ; he- went oft to pay the men, and has been paying them ever since. At anyrato, he hasn't found timo to call at the "Independence" and Bettlo his little bill, let alone paying back the £3 16s. After Mr. had got clean off the sad truth began to dawn on everybody that he bad as much to do with her Majesty's sorvice and tho orection of cottages ns with tbe Society for the Promotion of Christian Morality, and probably the only inspecting he has ever done in connection with the Government has beon inspecting the four corners of a prison cell, in which situation Mrs. Independence most dovoutlv wishes him. WENGA. 