LOwK. TO YOUR NOSE. This is a very common expression, but there is more in it than at first meets the eye. Jfose ology is a neglected science. Dr. Watts wrote— " The ntind's the standard of the man." Noseologiets have a different idea. Their great apostle, Mr. Sloaue, thought that the nose is the true needle to point to the loadstone of the heart and mind alike. It is the most prominent out come of the inner nature. It attaches to itself all the ineutal superiority of the human cos mogony. The varieties of no9es are legion—the shades of difference are multifarious, even in noses with a like general outline. These differences are per ceptible, yet in many cases so faintly that one would almost need to go into logarithms to esti mate precisely. The contour of the face affects noses greatly, and a like pattern of a nose on a fair mun presents a difference of appearance upon a dark; and on fair and dark alike the weather, worry, or sickness makes a wonderful alteration. Into the minutiae of noses, however, there is little need to enter, as most observers can take stock of them after a description of the four generic types. As the study progresses the types Can be divided and subdivided according to the keenness of the observation of the reader. The generic order of noses is here put thus:— 1 1\. The Pug. 2\. The Soman. - ?. 3\. The Grecian. 4\. The Grecian, or 'Composite .Order. The common Soman nose is held in little repute by those who are attempting to revive this un happily neglected science of noseology, From the bridge it is rounded off to the tip. If not strongly marked after the fashion of the late Iron Duke, the mind is not of the highest order, it barely rises above mediocrity (the man owner of the nose, it should be understood), and bedizens itself on breast and fingers with gaudy jewels. The uncommon Soman nose is altogether of a different calibre. There is a something about it which must assert itself if culture has been added to the proboseis. It is a kind of nose which overcomes all opposition, which has enabled men to conquer mortal achievements—" to mould the world to their will." Notably, to use Sloane's words in our century, Napoleon and Wellington were in the possession of such noses. " Napoleon kuew the secrets of noseology, be knew what ad vantages there were in a good Roman nose. He selected his generals, and put them into places of trust and confidence by the length and height of their noses. The Dnke of Wellington, one of the most illustrious of warriors in times ancient or modern, had a strikingly remarkable Roman nose. By this nose he conquered Napoleon, and by that nose saved Britain from becoming a pro vince of France. May she ever have such a nose in emergencies, and so on." The pug nose, pur et simple, it will readily be admitted by all—except, perhaps, its possessor— is by no means an attractive featnre in the face, especially if the upward carve starts about the third of the distance from whence tbe organ is eliminated from tbe forehead. There are pug noses, especially in Irishmen, if not too much elevnted skyward, which are not without humour if they happen to be set off with twinking blue or light grey eyes; but if the " diamonds" at each side are not expressive, tbe pug nose is almost next to repulsive. As a rale, from a png nose supplementary to an opaque face, tbe writer instintively recoils. The owner of the common pug is seldom a brilliant individual, but if be happens to possess talents Jit may almost be ac cepted as an anxiom that he is overbearing. Not unfrequently he is laborious, anxious to learn, hut rarely can get further than an inconsequential sneer. The common pug has something like the ferocity of a bull-dog about^it, with the vacillating nature of the pug in the canine species. The owner of the uncommon pug by no means bears so bad a character. There is something intellec tual about him, although it is said by noseologists that be is a combination between a prize-fighter and a drunken politician, and it would go against the grain to declare that" no one with an un common pug nose could be either a sculptor, a poet, or a painter." Recent history has told us very differently. The Grecian nose, straighter than the Roman, lacks the fiery energy. It is more characteristic of amiability and refinement. It indicates passion, too, but its real passion means not the sword or the spear, but the lute of Apollo and the brash of Apelles. Byron fought and died for that nose, yet still the cup of Samian wine needs to be swallowed under protest. But it is a comfort to think that there are other- noses not so bad as the pug, nor so valiant as the Roman, nor quite so refined as the Grecian, but possessing in a mixed degree the best quali ties of all, gnided by a wise discretion. This in noseology is called the Composite nose, and it is the sort that is generally met with in the streets. " It should run in a direct angle," we are told, " from the forehead, should be straight, regular, and . of a good size. Facts prove and circumstances confirm that this order, is suited for attaining eminence in any of the arts and sciences, in the senate, or the. bar, in commerce or in agriculture." The toper's nose speaks for itself. It is not by any means comely, but there is a certain amount of jollity about it which even Sir Wilfrid Lawson could scarcely fail to appreciate in presence of the owner. It bespeaks sack more than solids^ Flat noses are held in less esteem by noseolo gists than any other pattern. It is argued that the flatness of the nose indicates flatness of mind, and that no nation of flat noses have ever made their way npon the earth. So far as what wa understand by civilization this idea cannot be satisfactorily disputed. It needs no ghost from the grave to tell that hocked nose, behind which is set tbe keen eye, belongs to the race of the Father of the Faithful — that race which, endures much contumely and cruel persecution through ail its toils, trials, and shocking sufferings in accumulating that powerful agency called lucre to such an amount that it may almost safely be said to rule the world. Sloane has a wonder ful appreciation of this nose. He is more elo quent about it than of any of the others, taking it from a pecuniary standpoint. He asks where are the Pharaohs, and then says, " That nose which toiled and strained under the whip of a task-mas ter still exists in all its hooked rotundity as large and as well defined as ever, whilst the nasal organ of the oppressor has vanished, and nowhere exists save in the remains of its sculpture." \- Graphic. A Man who Says hb Doesn't Sleep.—The mail who does not sleep, Saunders, now resides near Parkesburgh, California. Some time in 1861 or 1862, Saunders enlisted in the Fourth West Virginia Volunteers. For several years he had not slept at all so he says. But it becoming known directly in camp that he made such pre* tentions, it aroused the curiosity of many of the men and officers. A colonel said that he and many others lost a great many nights' sleep in endeavouring to entrap Saunders, but during the whole time that he remained a member of the Fourth he was never caught asleep. He stood guard night after night, and week after week, paid by sleepy-headed soldiers to take their turns, but never was caught napping. He hauled coal several weeks in succession, only stopping long enough to eat and change horses, and ploughed in the fields with five or six stalwart men until he wore them out completely, but never seemed to tire. During the year 1863 he went to Philadel phia, and was examined by the leading physicians of the country. 'Ihey sat up with him in relays of five night and day, and kept up an almost con stant stream of conversation with him, and at the expiration of twenty-nine days discharged him with a certificate, but could give no explanation of his freak of nature. Many stories of the un tiring energy and activity of this man are toid, and all agree who know him that this antipodeof Hip Van Winkle is the most sleepless man they ever met. Mr. Saunders is now about fifty-six years of age, and says that lie has not known what sleep is for eighteen years. He himself cannot account for it, as he says the change in his physical organization occurred within three days, and that he never was sick in his life, and took medicine but once, and that was when he had catarrh, about three years ago. He is a hale, hearty man, and bids fair to live many years yet. He in conscientiously opposed to making a display of himself, or no doubt would long ago have been before the public as one of the human ouriositiea of the world. The wardrobe of Pius IX. has attracted the attention of a pious Frenchman on a visit to Home, and we gather some curious details from his letter to the paris Figaro. The Pope wears out during the year six white silk eapaucliine, which his Holiness chiefly spoils taking snuff; these cost" Pius IX. i£I6 a-pieee. His slippers, made of red cloth, embroidered in gold, cost from £5 to £6 a pair, and half a dozen pair are used during the year, while the Popn in winter wears white silk stockings o.er cotton ones, and in summer a mixture of silk and thread, for both of which he pays £1 a pair. His Holiness's red mantle also is worth £32. His cast-off garments are always burned, no o'.her use being thought sufficiently honorable for the clothes which have been worn by the Vicar of Heaven. 