THE WATER SUPPLY. In the Assembly on Tuesday last Mr. Bannaford asked whether it was the intention of the Government to fill the Hope Yalley Reservoir with water this year. In reply the Commissioner of Public Works said — 'If he was advised by the Engineer - in - Chief that it was dangerous to fill it he should not do so ; but he was advised at present that it could be, and it was proposed to fill it to thirty five feet. Beyond that he was advised that it was undesirable to do it ; but the Engineer-in-Chief assured him in the most distinct manner possible that he believed the embankment was safe, and that it could be filled to fifty feet, but he thought it was not prudent to do so at the present time. ' The subject is a serious one if we take into account only our present require ments, but if in addition we allow for the large extension of area that is shortly to be supplied with water, and also the extra quantity that will be needed when the underground drainage of Adelaide is completed, it becomes more serious still. We understand that at present the reser voir is filled up to twenty-five feet, and that it is intended to fill it up to thirty five feet by November. This it is believed will afford an ample supply to the area served by the works, As to the capability of the reservoir to carry fifty feet of water we can quite understand that there are reasons why the authorities would not care to take the responsibility of giving an unconditional answer in the affirma tive. It will be remembered that should an accident occur there is a large number of houses in the direct course the flood would take, the inhabitants of which wuald certainly be exposed to great peril and very probably to destruction. Then, again, the leakage that took place after the reservoir was finished furnishes another reason for caution. So far as could be judged the water did not then escape through the dam but below it, as it was found to be decidedly brackish, which could not have been the case if it had come direct from the reser voir. There was a good deal of discussion at the time as to the depth of clay re quired to afford a safe holding ground for the water, and the judgment of some of the best English hydraulic engineers was that it should be one-seventh the height of the water resting upon it. The reser voir was accordingly puddled with clay to the depth of seven feet at the lowest part, the thickness being gradually diminished as the sides and end were approached. It is therefore calculated that it will safely hold fifty feet of water. It should be stated, however, that the actual carrying capacity of the reservoir was not diminished to the extent that might be supposed, as there was a large hollow below the level of the bottom of the valve tower, which it was thought would collect the silt that might come into the reservoir, but which should not of course be taken into account in reckoning its capacity. We believe that so far as can be ascertained the work is now in a thoroughly sound state ; but unless there is any urgent reason for filling the reservoir to the height of fifty feet it is certainly wiser not to incur the risk. It is evident that the general ques tion of a sufficient water supply for Adelaide and the suburbs as well as for the other places which it is intended to serve from the same works needs very careful attention. The area which is shortly to be connected is, we believe, even larger in extent than that to which the mains are now carried, though of course the population to be supplied is less. As many of the places, too, are at a low level the pressure will be greater, and as a' natural consequence there is likely to be greater waste, more especially in places like Brighton and Somerton, where the soil is sandy, and the inconvenience of allowing water to run away will not be felt so much as in districts where the soil is of such a nature as to retain it. A good many trials have been made in the different gullies with the view of finding where additional reservoirs might be constructed ; but thus far we understand with no very satisfactory result, as it is found that the ground is for the most part formed of rock debris mixed with alluvial. Suitable localities could be found, so far as the character of the ground is concerned, but at too low a level to be of any use for the higher suburbs eastwards of Adelaide. Mitchain ?will have to be supplied by a separate system ; but it will not be possible to utilize Brownhill Creek, because the water in it is made impure by the proximity of the market gardens and the drainage of the - manure from them into it. Ultimately no doubt the different districts will have to be served from entirely dis tinct sources. One plan that has been suggested is to continue the aqueduct from Hope Valley to the neighbourhood of Diy Creek and form a reservoir there. From this the prison could be supplied, and a serious evil to which we have repeatedly referred vhen commenting upon the reports of that institution would be removed. At present the supply of watei: at the Stockade is not sufficient even for purposes of ordinary cleanliness, and in the event of a fire there would bo no means available of extinguishing it. With the same reservoir North Adelaide, the Port, and the various places along that route might be connected. We threw out a suggestion a few daya since that as Mr. W. Clark is likely to visit Adelaide shortly to report on tha proposed drainage works for the city it might be desirable for the Government to ask him during his stay to report also upon [our present waterworks, and uponi any schemes that may be thought of foe giving a larger supply. The question, is a, vital one, and should not be left in a. state of uncertainty. It is difficult to resist the appeals that are constantly, being, made for an extension of the area to ? which the pipes shall be earned ; . but, a3 - was pointed out more than onco in the* discussions last session, many of these = districts being at a lower level than fche = city, if there should at auy time from any unforeseen cause be a deficient supply,, the city would be the first to suffer. Apart from all selfish considerations on the part of the inhabitants of the metro- - polis, it must be admitted that such a contingency is * so alarming that the- — -J exercise of the utmost circumspection .; and greatest care is requisite to prevent ? its occurrence. The Resignation of the New. South. Wales Ministry. —The political difficulty in New South Wales, to which we re ferred in Wednesday's Register, has now . reached the climax. It will be re membered that in consequence of an ad verse vote on a motion of the late Com- - missioner of Crown Lands.- as to the ? interpretation of one of the clauses of tha Land Act of 1871, the Premier stated that . the Government had come to the conclu sion to ask the House to pass the Appro priation Bill at once in . order that an appeal to the country might take place. When the Assembly met on Wednesday an attempt was made to go on with tha. question of the Pacific Mail Service; but the late Premier, Sir John Robertson, insisted on knowing definitely the inten- - tion of the Government in regard to the crisis, and moved the adjournment of tha House, The Premier repeated his former statement, and said if the motion for ? adjournment was carried he should regard it as an indication of the refusal of fhe Assembly to pass the Appropriation Bill, and in such a case the Government would either resign or -ask the Governor for a dissolution. The debate on Sir ? John Robertson's motion was not closed until 2 o'clock on Thursday morning, and resulted in a majority, of six . against the Ministry. On Thursday afternoon the ?Premier stated thai ho had had an. inter view with the Governor and tendered to ? His Excellency the advice to dissolve Parliament. The Governor replied that he could only act upon the advice on the ? condition which he imposed upon the late Ministry, and that he must reserve to himself the right to reconsider the matter in the event of supplies being refused. Sir Henry Parkes at once declined this conditional grant of a dissolution, and placed the resignation ? of himself and his colleagues in the hands of the Governor, by whom it was accepted. The House was then adjourned until to-day. As in the ordinary course of thing3 a general election will take place in a few months, and the feeling of the ? country can then be tested, it is to be regretted that the present session should already have witnessed two changes of Administration. At the same time the only honourable course for Sir Henry Parkes was to resign, after ?? he had stated that he would regard an adverse vote en the question of adjournment as an expression ot the intention of the House to refuse supply. ? The present Parliament in New South Wales has earned a bad reputation by the scenes of disorder that have so frequently ? occurred and the abusive language in which members have indulged, as well as ? by the small amount of actual work ac complished. Parties arc so nearly balanced — or at any rate there are so many members ready to change sides on the ?? smallest provocation — that it is not very likely a new Ministry will succeed in carrying many measures. Probably the most that can be expected is an indi cation of the polic37 upon which the ^ opinion of the constituents may be : ascer- - ? tained at the next election. ? s- ? Mr. John Bright and Protection.— ? Many of our readers will remember that - at a dinner given to the Hon. John Young in Melbourne, on June 0,. Sir O. G. Duffy cited Mr. Bright, Mr. J. S. Mill, and Mr. Carlyle as being favourable to protection in young countries. As to the first of these gentlemen Sir. Charles Duffy said that when in. .England in 1SG4 he addressed. Mr.. Bright in the following terms :— ? ' All my life Avill be spent in Australia. I am a freetrader as you know. They are going to have a protective policy there. Am I to retire therefore from public life ?'' and that Mr. Lright's reply was : — f ? If'' there are particular industries that can flourish in that country, and if it is the determination of the people to encourage them, I would grant bonuses on- certain industries liberally in order to promote- . them, or I would come to an agreement with the protectionists to protect a certain - number of articles for a certain number of year3 and let them try their experiment.' It was startling to many to find the eminent freetrader and friend of Cobden. using such language as this ; though even if the conversation were correctly re ported it would be difficult to find- in it ? an approval of the policy of protection * developed in Victoria. An English tele- \\. gram which we publish in another column ^ gives, however, a very different ver sion of the matter. Mr. Bright-, has published a letter repudiating the views attributed to him by the Speaker of the Victorian Assembly, and stating that he does not remember the conversation. It is quite pro! table that the interview took place ; but it is pretty certain that tho tenor of Mr. Bright's remarks was altogether misunderstood by Sir C. Duffy. Mr. Bright states that no sound principle would be violated if the Government voted a subsidy to aid an important steamboat enterprise, or to- - foster the cultivation of any new crop ; but lie altogether condemns- ? an oppressive Customs tariff for protective purposes, and believes that. Victoria will ultimately find her policy to be injurious. Thus one of the three authorities quoted by Sir O. Duffy dis owns the opinions ascribed to him ; tho second i3 beyond the reach of human appeal ; and as to the third— the vehement assertion which Mr. Carlyle is reported to have made, that '-'no country under the sky has ever got manufactures except by spend ing the funds of the State to plant them,' leaves untoviched the important question whether it was expedient to plant them at such a cost in Victoria, and can hardly ZOO 'be accepted as a conclusive settlement of an important point in practical politics. 'We should imagine Sir 0. Duffy mil rather regret that through an infir mity of memory he should have made a statement 'which lias called forth such a strong disclaimer from the emi nent politician who was quoted as an authority in favour of views 'which he so emphatically disoTvH3. July Laxd Saxes. — The total payments received at the Treasury on account of land during the month of July were £35,564 16s. lOd. Compared with the corresponding month of last year it shows a great increase, the gross amount then being £17,508. The cash sales reached l,362i acres, of which 52 acres were town ship lands, 292t? acres suburban lands, 924 acres of lands that have passed the hammer, and 94 acres being small blocks selected in excess of the area allowed. For these 1,362^ acres the sum of £3,239 lls. 5d. was paid in cash. The credit sales comprised 82,721 acres, for which the amount of purchase-money is £85,356 9s. 6d. The bulk of the land— that is 79,018 acres — was selected in newly opened districts, and the rest was taken up in old agricultural areas, or selected after having been forfeited or passed the hammer. The amount received on account of interest deposits was £8,535 18s. Selectors holding 12,7O8J acres completed their purchases and paid £16,072 los., tf added to which instalments of interest JJL and extensions of credit made up the ^ sum total of £35,564 16s. lOd. The chief selections in the newly-opened country lands were in the Hundreds of- Mongo lata, Morgan, Oladdie, Ramsay, Coonatto, Pinda, Willowie, Arkaba, Gumbowie, Boolcunda, Kanyaka, Palmer, and Pirie. The PormcAi. Situation. — We believe that Mr. Nock, as the representative of the private meeting of members of the House of Assembly held on 'Wednesday, waited upon the Com misioner of Public 'Works in the Parliamentary Buildings on Thursday afternoon. The hon. member conveyed to the Premier the feeling of the' meeting, and Mr. Colton in reply stated that the Government would not sacrifice the Chief Secretary, as they considered that it would be unconstitutional to recognise the vote3 of the Legislative Council directed against him. The Mah. Steamer. — The E.M.S. China left the Bay at an early hour this morning for Galle, having arrived off Glenelg at half-past 9 on Thursday evening. The steamer was mate rially delayed after reaching Cape 'Willoughby toy a heavy gale, which brought up a sea so boisterous that she was at times with her bows completely under water. Wreck at Waterloo Bay. — We have been courteously informed by the Superintendent of Telegraphs that he last evening received intel- ligence of the wreck of the schooner Fanny Wright on Tuesday, August 7, at Waterloo Bay. The vessel, which was bound to Eucla with a cargo of telegraph stores, went down in two and a quarter fathoms of water at a distance of 700 yards from the shore, but no lives were lost. It will be remembered that 'aterloo Bay is the locality at which the schooner Freebridge was wrecked on June 12 last. Drainage 'Works. — On Wednesday next Mr. Hawker intends to move in the House of Assembly — ' That a report of Mr. Rogers as to .the way in which the contract for drainage works was carried out by Messrs. J. & J. Cock be laid on the table of this House.' Bank Deposits. — The following statement showing the total deposits (including floating balances and funds bearing interest) in the Banks in the June quarters of the years named is appended to the Treasurer's Budget Speech :— 1871, £1,335,076 15s. Id.; 1872, £1,708,703 lls. 3d.j 1873, £2,171,044 9s. 8d.; 1874, £2,317,304 lls. 4d.; 1875, £2,5*4,693 17s. 10d.; 1876, £3,177,193 7sr 5d.; 1877, £3,279,362 13s. lOd. Supreme Court Sittings. — His Honor Mr. Justice Stow sat in Equity on Thursday, August 9, and adjourned the hearing of a petition irifo the estate of Isaac Kali, deceased, till Monday, the 13th instant. Thereafter their Honors the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Stow sat in Banco and granted decrees nisi in the divorce suits of Burford v. Burford and Wede meyer v. Wedemeyer. In the suit of Fyfe v. Fyfe a decree absolute was also granted. This dosed the business before the Court. Dockyard Enquiry. — The Commission appointed to enquire into the alleged mis behaviour on the part of certain employes at the Government Dockyard will begin the in vestigation—a private one — on Friday, August 10\. Their report will be handed totheGo vernment to await action in the matter. Leave of Absence. — Mr. Nock will move on Tuesday next in the Assembly — ' That a week's leave of absence be granted to Mr. Coles on account of urgent private business.9 Thh Week's Immigration.— The number of persons who arrived at Port Adelaide by sea for the week ending Monday, August 6, was 236. Of these 233 came from Melbourne and three from the United States. Lecture.— Mr. George Laughton delivered his entertaining lecture on ' Ventriloquism' in the Wesleyan Lecture Hall, Kent Town, on Thursday evening, August 9. There was a large attendance and Councillor Enowles presided. The lecture, which was given in aid of the Hall building fund, was listened to with manifest tokens of approval, the plaudits being both loud and numerous. Several musical selections were rendered during the evening. Heavy Fog ik the. Gulf. — A fog of most unusual density occurred in the Gulf on Thurs day morning, and the perplexities caused by it were strongly indicative of similar occurrences in the old country. The boarding-boat had just completed her visit to the Invercauld, and*wa- about ten miles south-west of the stations shaping a course for shore, when the wind from the northward brought down a vapour which so completely enveloped the roads that in. a minute's sail the Invercauld was lost to view The boat had at first a strong breeze, but it died away as the shore was neared. The sound of a steamer whistle then attracted attention, then another, and subsequently a third joined the chorus, all the vessels being invisible. The boat being becalmed was consequently powerless to clear the way or put the officer on board, but a second officer from the station steamed in the launch to the South Australian, which steamer was so beclouded that she did not attempt the passage of the bar until the haze lifted, which did not do so for a considerable time. The Bel tana and the Invercauld kept an offing, and ?were invisible till midday. . Education Lands.— Mr. Murray's motion on this subject has-been allowed to lapse, and the hon. member has given fresh notice for jBTedncsday, August 22. ^fr^ Adelaide Benevolent and Strangers ^^JTriend Society. — The Committee of this Society held their monthly meeting on Tuesday, August 7, at the Church Office ; Mr. H. Hussay in the chair. The Treasurer's niiaute was read, showing a balance in hand of £13 9s. Id. The sum voted to relieve the various cases brought forward at the meeting, together with that for emergency-orders during the past month, amounted to £13 Is., being to relieve 26 cases. Each member of the Committee was empowered to draw to the extent of 10s. in case of emer gency during the ensuing month. New Lodge Oddfellows. — A new Lodge in connection with, the Independent Order of Odd fellows, F.SJILTT., was opened in the Hoyleton Hotel, Hoyleton, on Tuesday, August 7. There were present from the Eiverton Lodge Prov. GJkL, G. H. Brown; N.G., P.P.G.M., P. McMartin; V.G., P.G., G. ColviUe, Potter, Mills, and several other gentlemen. The fol lowing brothers were duly installed : — J. Kobin son,N.G.;R. R. Stevenson, V.G.; F. Treloar, Secretary; and J.Lovell, Treasurer. Thirteen . members were initiated. Eobe T-tef Club.— On Saturday, July 23 (says the Xanacorte Herald), a meeting of the members of the Kobe Turf Club was held, Messrs. J. Grice, W. Warren, R. Stoekdale, Gall, W. Dawson, S. Eeid, and D. McPherson were appointed a Managing Committee. The rules and regulatioEs of the Club were laid on the tableland after consideration were confirmed, The Club starts with thirty-sever; members. and several more have promised to join. Thb Cricketing Team for Engxand. — The Argus says :— ' The arrangements for the formation of a combination team of Australian cricketers to play in England during the next season are well advanced, and we are now in a position to announce the names of the members, viz. :— Victoria— F. Allan, T. Kendall, J. Black ham, T. Horan, Boyle, or Midwinter. New South Wales — Bannennan, Spofforth, Garrett, N. Thompson, D. Gregory, and Murdoch. Tas mania — Geo. H. Bailey. Two or three of the Victorian representatives are in the Civil Service, but we believe there will be no diffi culty placed in the way of their obtaining leave of absence. Mr. John Conway has been the prin cipal promoter of the undertaking, and will supervise the business management. In order to afford the members of the eleven the oppor tunity of practising together and becoming thoroughly well acquainted with each other's play, it is intended to play a series of matches in the colonies before proceeding to England. The first match will be played in Sydney or Brisbane in November nest. They will also visit New Zealand, the fact of the light there being very similar to the light in England rendering practice under such circumstances of peculiar value. They will start for England by the March mail. The trip from first to last is expected to occupy about twelve months. The undertaking, we may mention, will be conducted on the co-operative principle, and an Executive Committee of three chosen from among the members of the team will supervise the business arrangements. The team chosen appears to be a fairly representative one, and should be able to give a good account of itself against any ordinary English eleven.' The Laeeikin Eleuekt at a Meeting. — To show bow obtrusive the larrikin element is becoming at public meetings, it may be stated (remarks the Argus) that ,at the Trades Hall, when manufacturers of leather, curriers, and others had the leather duty under discussion, a larrikin impudently put a half-filled bottle of beer before the Chairman and was encouraged by the laughter that his act provoked from his friends to attempt a speech, but he was promptly brought down from the platform. His intrusion was preceded by an unseemly motion from a man who did not appear to be sober, to the effect 'that what we call our honest importers are ? rogues.' Much stronger words than the one indicated by the blank were used by different persons in an interjectory way in the course of the irregular discussion which lasted from beginning to end, but nobody appeared to be shocked. The Chair man (Mr. Thompson) spoke with some indig nation of the conduct of the larrikin, but this was only when the larrikin (whom he called ' a gentleman') rose to complain that Mr. Thompson had offered him 30s. a week as wages, and not on the appearance of the bottle, which was merely regarded as a joke. A Novel Wagee. — The Southern Argus of August 9 relates the following : — ' One evening this, week a merry party in Strathalbyn were seated round a fireside indulging every passion for horrors by telling the most extraordinary ' ghost stories' that could be brought to recol lection. Gradually the subject of ' cemetery bravery' was brought on, when one of the party, a young gentleman, declared his willingness to go to any part of the Strathalbyn Cemetery at midnight ; and this statement led to a wager being made that he would not that night go and deposit a bunch of keys upon a specified grave. This he accepted, and started shortly before mid night, returning in the course of the next half hour, having traversed the whole of the distance, two miles and a half, over a sandy and rough road, walked 50 yards into the cemetery, and de posited the bunch of key3 upon the grave. The gentleman who laid the wager thinking that the distance could not be done in the time, the courageous one was sent to his room with a companion who was to see that he did not leave it during the night, and early next morning they then drove up to the cemetery, when the keys were found upon the identical grave agreed upon. The time occupied was so short as to deserve notice — any one knowing the road will at once recognise that fact, the distance from the house from where he started to the cemetery gate being lather more than a mile and a quarter, so that our ' brave' friend must have stepped it out pretty considerably — whether im pelled by fear or courage we cannot say.' Hobsestrat.txg. — On or about July 26 (says the Border Watch), two horse3 mysteriously disappeared from a grazing paddock near the town, known as Nobes's paddock. The horses were well-bred valuable animals, were of nearly the same colour— dark-brown— and were in general respects well matched. But they had different owners, one belonging to Mr. W. Hiller, the other to Mr. E. Krull. How they got out of the paddock was a mystery. The gates were securely locked, and so they remained after the horses had got away. The fence did not appear to have been interfered with either. After various surmisings it was concluded that, as the fence was weak in one or two places, a rail hail been removed, the horses taken out, and the fence then repaired. On Friday afternoon both Messrs. Krull and Hiller reported their loss to the police, and fortunately the very same evening Corporal Field received a tele gram from the Superintendent of j Police at Belfast, Victoria, stating that a man named Garratt 'Wheelan, alias Miles Garratt, had been detained by the Korcit Police on suspicion of having stolen two horses he had in his posses sion. The descriptions and brands given in the telegram exactly corresponded with those of Messrs. Krull and Hiller's horses, and informa tion to that effect was returned to Belfast. On Monday morning evidence was taken at the Police Court to justify the issue of a warrant for the arrest of the offender, and Police-trooper MacFarlane, armed with the warrant, was at once dispatched to bring 'Wheeian to Mount Gambier. Wheelan, who seems to have an alias for nearly every place he visits, was a recent arrival at Mount Gambier from Victoria. MotTNT GA3IBIER AND PtlVOLI BAT RAILWAY. — The Engineer-in- Chief is calling for tenders for the construction of a line of railway from Mount Gambier to Rivoli Bay. Tenders will be received up to Monday, October 29. [From yesterday's Evening Journal^ Oddfellowship. — On Wednesday evening, August 8, there was a large muster of the members of the G.U.O.O.F., at the Princess Koyal Lodge room, Grenfell-street, to witness a presentation to P.P. T. G. Haddrick, who had recently resigned the office of Treasurer and Sick-pay Officer. Representatives were present from the Apollo and Hercules, Good Samaritan, Duke of Kent, and Prince Albert Lodges. Mr. H. C. Uhlmann, the Chairman of the Lodge Trustees, in making the presentation, referred to the satisfactory manner in which for over ?16 years _ their late Treasurer had dis charged his duties, and asked his acceptance of a silver lever watch and gold albert chain and locket as a slight expression of the esteem and respect in which he was held by the brothers of the Lodge. Mr. Haddrick, in a few feeling words, returned thanks for this expression of the good feeling of the members, which was more than a recom pense for all the exertions be had made in the management of their financial affairs. After several other testimonies of the appreciation in which Mr. Haddrick was held, P.P. E. J. Lane proposed ' The Health of the Visiting Officers and Brothers,' which was responded to by P.P.'s Moodie, Hele, Maley, Calder, and Harrison. The following inscription was engraved on the in side of the watch : — ' Presented to PJP. Had drick by the Princess Royal Lodge, G.TJ.O.O.F. August'8, 1877.' The Melbourne Football Club. — The steamer South Australian, which arrived from Melbourne on Thursday morning, brought 20 members of the Melbourne Football Club, who have come to play a match against the Victorian Club of Adelaide. The Victorians hired the Fairy,-and'met their visitors at Glenelg, whence they were brought to Adelaide in a coach and four. Mr. Byrne is captain of the team, and they will practise early this afternoon on the Adelaide Ground, lent them by that Club. Mr. Riddell, Captain of the St. Kilda Club, has also arrived by the South Australian. Hetdhaesh Young Men's Literary Associa tion. — On Monday afternoon an exhibition of curiosities, pictures (kindly lent by E. S. Wigg and Son), works of art, fruifc, vegetables, &c;, was held in connection with tbis Association in the Distrist Hal], Hindmarsli. The most attractive exhibit was an inlaid marble table, consisting of about 300 pieces of marble, gathered from all parts of the world ; 25 years alone were spent in collecting the marble. It is a beautiful piece of work, and was exhibited by Mr. John Holvrill, of Hindmarsh, whose father made it, ai.d exhibited it in the great Exhibition of 1851. In the evening a soiree was held, presided over by Mr. J. P. Boacaut, M.P. Recitations and readings were given by the members, and the musical part was carried out by Misses Daniel and Henson, and Messrs. Smart, Bishop, Wright, together with Mr. Daniel and a number of his pupils. During the evening prizes were given for the best and worst local conundrum?* Both prizes were won by Mr. T. Brooker. 