THE UNDERTAKERS' PICNIC. Mb. Punch was delighted, some time ago, to see by the Herald that the undertakers meditated a picnic ; he is still more gratified to be able to lay before a sympathising public the only reliable report of the pro ceedings in existence. The day was everything that could be desired. Huge masses of black cloud lay piled away to the south'ard, impart- ing a sombre and funereal aspect to everything, and the spirits of the excursionists rose in proportion. The picturesque Cemetery at Haslem's Creek was the spot chosen for the celebration of the festivi ties, and the cheerful recesses of its cypress-shaded labyrinths that day re-echoed out bursts of merriment, which must have been par ticularly trying to misanthropic ghosts. Every available hearse and mourning-coach was pressed into the service to convey the holiday- keepers to the Mortuary Bailway-station, from which a special train was to start at nine sharp ; and the party, in full gala costume — hat bands, gloves, and plumes --presented quite a lively appearance as the cortege moved down Brickfield Hill, the band playing " The Dead March in Saul." Arrived at the scene of the intended festivi ties a luxurious alfresco banquet was set forth, the numerous marble slabs in the vicinity making the most delightful substitutes for tables imaginable, and the epitaphs and inscriptions forming an agreeable mental repast after the grosser bodily appetites had been sub dued. Messrs. Compagnoni, on this occasion, surpassed themselves ; and the black puddings, and other appropriate delicacies— served on brass plates — were decorated with : "In memory of," " Requiescat in pace," and other appropriate mottoes, calculated to raise the spirits of the party and promote hilarity in the highest degree. Old Elm- plank said he hadn't had such a lively time, or felt in such good spirits, since the measles were around. Meanwhile the young folks were enjoying themselves, and fun and flirtation were carried on in a decorous manner, out of respect to the emblems of mortality by which they were surrounded. An amiable young coffin-maker, with the most fascinating hearse-suit appendages, made great inroads on the heart of Miss Grace Bugles. He requested her to enter his heart, which he compared to an unoccupied tomb, and reside there rent free. Should love like his be "coffined, cribbed, confined " within the narrow limits of a flannel waistcoat ? No ; he invited her to come to his arms, shroud herself in his bosom, and stop the process of cremation which was going on in his heart. Songs and recitations followed. Miss Bugles sang " Those Funeral Bells," and " The Old Elm Tree," and her admirer gave them a Bacchanalian — or rather, a coffimwi/ian — ditty, with a chorus of " Bier, bier, beautiful bier," and a skull and cross-bones accompani ment, which provoked thunders of applause ; and when old Tassels, of the mourning livery-stable, sang — " But one golden tress of her hair I'll twine in my hearse's sable plume," there was scarcely a dry eye in the assembly. There were no healths drunk — such a custom being considered out of character with the proceedings, and not conducive to the pros perity of business generally. Undertakers, who were socially disposed, took each other's measures, composed epitaphs, and talked about cremation. Old Elmplank said that any allusion to such a mode of disposing of the dead wounded him to the quick. "Intro duce that process," he said, " and the whole romance of a funeral was done away with. The invention," he added, "was worthy of a man as was mean enough to drink another cove's 'elth." But everything must have an end, and the undertakers' picnic was no exception to the rule. As evening drew on, the rain having been falling heavily for several hours, the Cemetery was, by common con sent, allowed to be damp, and a general move was made for the Bailway-station. The party returned to Sydney, well satisfied with their outing ; and the number of colds caught must have made busi ness lively for the next six months. 