OUB GOSSIP FROM BERLIN. After the usual harvest manoeuvres and the hunting excursions which our Emperor attended the winter season has now commenced in our capital and as the octogenarian monarch thinks it a part of his duty to attend all balls, concerts, and theatrical performances, the life li« leads cannot be said to be an easy one, and I dare say he often thinks existence would be enjoyable if it were not for its amusements.' As all these Court and aristocratic. festivities are similar all over the world I need not attempt any description of them, and will only remark that they make the impression here that* the European' war with which we are threatened will not break out-an impression which has been strengthened by some speeches recently made on this subject by our Chancellor. At a Parliamentary soiree in his private residence, and later in the Reichstag, Prince Bismarck gave an explanation of his policy on the Eastern question, and said that Germany would stand as an entirely neutral Power, in the hope to i mediate afterwards as a mutual friend between the opposing Powers. The outbreak of a war between Russia and Turkey certainly ! seemed imminent enough; still there was in his opinion a possibility of avoiding recourse | to arms. If war should break out it would be ; his_ endeavour to localize it, and prevent a I universal conflagration. As I observe by the i papers, these utterances of our Chancellor have | given satisfaction, not only in Germany, but also , in other countries ; and even French journals appear to see the error of their opinion that Germany was always looking out for the lucky moment to attack its neighbours - notably virtuous and unhappy France, which never did anything to harm the brutal Teuton. General Field-Marshal Manteuffel, who holds a similar rank in the Russian army, is said to have received an offer from Emperor Alexander to accept the post of Commander-in-Chief of the Russian army on the Caucasus, destined to act in Asia against the Turks in the impending war. Manteuffel, although a thorough soldier, and as such, perhaps, willing enough to accept such a charge, has declined the offer, it is said, at the command of our Emperor, or perhaps because the Field-Marshal share? the view of Bismarck, and does not believe that Russia and Turkey will go to war. The Commander-in-Chief of the Turkish army on the Danube is Abdul Kherim Pasha, as every newspaper reader knows; but what most of them do not know is that Abdul Kherim Pasha was formerly a Prussian officer - Frederick Strecker - who went a number of years ago as instructor to the Turkish artillery. Strecker stayed in the Ottoman capital, and by his eminent military qualities quickly rose to his present high position. Abdul Klierim Pasha's father was Government Secretary in Erfurt, and his son went to school at the Gym nasium (classical school) in Fulda, till at the age of 21 years he entered the Prussian artillery to serve his time as a soldier. He has now liis head-quarters at Schumla, and under his direc tion that Turkish fortress is put' in a thorough state of defence, to be able to resist any attack the Russians could make. "What the Turkish soldiers are able to do in defence of fortifications the last Crimean war and the sieges of Kars, Silistria, and other places have sufficiently shown. Our Crown Prince has accepted the Presidency of the German Committee of the Society for Exploring Central Africa, which Society was formed at the instigation of the King of the Belgians last summer. The explorations of Livingstone, Barth, Togel, Cameron, and nume rous other travellers have shown what a large field for advantageous mercantile enterprise Africa presents, and how by such alone the abominable African slave-trade can be sup pressed. As the Berlin Committee is composed of our principal men of science, members of Parliament, officers of State, &c.;, there is every hope that something practical will come out of their deliberations. Mr. Ralph Scott left Berlin last Saturday without even having made a trial- trip with his aerial flying-machine. The "War Department, after inspecting the apparatus, declined to enter into any negotiations with the would-be aeronaut, who had only loose assertions and excuses instead of proving his promises by actual deeds. Mr. Scott has left his machine and other belongings here, as he found himself unable to pay his hotel bill; and even the means for his return to Dover were given him by the English Benevolent Society in Berlin. After the example of London, our Postmaster General Stephan has lately introduced the system of subterranean pneumatic tubes for the conveyance of letters and parcels between some of the principal post-offices in Berlin. The cost of laying these tubes has been a little over one ayad a quarter millions of marks, and the system is to be enlarged if, as there seems to be little doubt, it answers its purpose. I mentioned in previous " Gossip" that the Government is laying down subterranean tele graph cables, as the poles and wires above ground are liable to many interruptions. The storm on the 9th and 12th March of this year, for in stance, disturbed two-fifths of all the telegraph lines in Germany, destroyed 50,000 kilometres of wire, and caused a loss, directly and in directly, of many hundreds of thousands of marks. During the night of the 12th November the cold was intense, and in consequence the ice and snow gathered on the telegraph wires and broke them in numerous places, so that, for instance, in the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg not a serviceable line was left. It therefore appears reasonable, and even profitable, to guard against such losses and interruptions to telegraphic communication in using for the future only subterranean lines, which cannot be acted on by any atmospheric influences. Our Government intends shortly to coin five mark pieces in gold-equal to 5s.-although we have veiy nice fire-mark pieces in silver which would answer all purposes. Public opinion is therefore against such a coin, as it will be too small, and in consequence inconvenient. The French have five-franc pieces in gold, but these coins do not give satisfaction, and consequently the German coin of almost similar value and size will not be better liked than the French : one. On the occasion of the return of the Emperor 1 from his hunting excursion to Sagan, in Silesia, two railway lamplighters had a rather dangerous adventure. When the express train containing the Emperor entered the station at Cozel on the 16th November darkness had set in, and two lamplighters -mounted the roof of the railway 1 carriages to light the lamps. Probably the two ! men had their attention diverted by the crowd ? on the platform; at all events, they were longer 1 at their work than usual, for all at once they I felt the train moving and quickly attaining ; | a speed of some 50 or 60 miles an hour. The ! j two involuntary travellers did the best they ' / could under the circumstances- they laid them ! selves flat down on the roof of the carriage and ; | held fast as hard as possible, although their II hands and feet got quickly benumbed by the j terrible cold. After a very tedious hour or so, '. in which the two men were almost frozen to 11 death, the train reached the station of Schop | pinitz, where a short stay was made. To the ! great surprise of the railway officials, two j benumbed travellers tumbled down from the roof I of the carriage on to the platform, and were ] after they had related their adventure-hospi j tably entertained, besides receiving a present j from the Emperor, who had been informed of the peculiar adventure of the men. According to statements of our Statistical ; Bureau, the population of Germany was on the 1st December, 1S75, (the date of the last census) 42,757,812 persons, and had increased since the I 1st December, 1871 (the date of the previous :, census), 1,699,020 persons. In nearly all parts of Germany an increase of population has taken 1 place, except in the two Gran'd-Duchies of : Mecklenburg, where the number of inhabitants 1 had been reduced 6,057 persons. This peculiar ? fact is ascribed to the old feudal institutions, ! j which are still in force in Mecklenburg, j although done away with in all other parts in ? | Germany. j In my former " Gossip" I mentioned that i the town of Dantzic had effectually solved the , problem what to do with its sewage, and how to ; j get rid of it profitably. Dantzic is situated j about six miles from the seacoast, and by . carrying its sewage to the sandhills on this : coast the town has converted the same into i productive vegetable gardens. But this is only ! the leasts advantageous effect of the drainage ; system; the real advantage is to be found in i the improved health of the town since the ' introduction of a rational drainage. Quite i recently" Dr. Lievin. of Dantzic, published I official tables showing the sanitary state of the j town before and after the introduction i of proper sewerage, and the statements he adduced are of such importance that I think it right to mention them here. Lievui | takes two periods-the nine years from 1883 tall j j 1871, that is the time before the introduction j or underground drains, and the period from 1872 till 1876, the time after the finishing of the | canals. In the first period the usual death-rate t of the town was 36-93 per cent, per 1,000 inhabi tants ; in the second period this death-rate had | decreased to 28*54 per cent, per thousand.' The | children's death-rate had been respectively 13*03 and 10*77 per thousand. Dantzic is ah old forti fied town, closely built, with narrow and irre gular streets, and its death-rate sometimes was frightful, as in the year 1858, when S0*74 per cent, per thousand died, .and the average life duration of its inhabitants was only 45 years. As the to wn contains about 65,000 inhabitants, Dr. Lievin calculates that 3,156 human lives had been saved during the last five years merely through the introduction of a proper system of H 1*1 ino rro The Society of Old Soldiers (Kxieger-Verein) in Pollnow, a little Pomeranian town in the neighbourhood of Varzin, where more than 90 years ago General Field-Marshal "Wrangel was born, has conferred its honorary membership on old "Father Wrangel" and Prince Bismarck. On I November 27 a deputation of the Verein came j to the Chancellor to deliver to him the diploma of membership, and bookbinder Kohler intro duced himself and his comrades. " To what troops did you belong?" asked the Prince. "To the Rifles, Grenadiers, Fusiliers, and Uhlans, your Highness," answered the spokesman, point ing out his comrades. "Very well; I am a , Cuirassier, my son is a Dragoon, and thus almost all arms of our army are here represented," said Bismarck, who thereupon introduced the depu tation to the Princess, by whom the gentlemen were invited to dinner. This went off in the I most cordial manner, the Prince talking about agricultural topics, with which his guests were I fully conversant. That the deputation returned to Pollnow^enchanted with their reception may be easily imagined, and the Chancellor, most probably, was equally pleased with his new | distinction. The excavations at Olympia are carried on | with energy^ and the result is again most satis I factory. Among other discoveries two new ! metopes of the Temple of Zeus hare been found -°ne showing Pallas Athene, the other a man whose identity has not been made oat yet, as the sculpture is in a rather bad state of preserva tion. Professor Cartius is now in Athens en Toute to Olympia, and under his inspection the excavations will probably be carried on with redoubled energy. ' If the results of the excavations at Olympia have been most satisfactory, similar labours in other parts of Greece have been even more astonishing. You are most likely aware that a former German merchant, Heinrich Schliemann, has been carrying on very successful excavations at Bunar-Bashi, near the Skamanda Biver, where he discovered what he believes to have been the treasures of Priam, hid at the time of the destruction of Ilium. Prevented by the political troubles of Turkey from continuing his Trojan labours,_ Schliemann sought and obtained the permission of the Greek Government to com mence excavations at Mycense, on the Angolio Plain in the Peloponnesus, the capital of Agamemnon, who was leader of the Greeks at the siege of Troy, 1184 B.C. Thucydides, the Greek traveller, found in 474 B.C. the [ town of Mycenae in ruins, and Pausanias, j some 200 years after . Christ, gave a descrip tion of these ruins. These two descriptions [ seem to have induced Schliemann to choose Mycense for the field of his labours, and they have been marvellously rewarded. On the 9th instant the Berlin Society of Archaeologists gave a banquet in honour of "Winkelmann's centenary, at which the Hereditary Prince of j Saxe-Meiningen was present. The Prince, who had made a voyage in Greece, was an eye-witness of the opening of the ancient tombs near the old Lion-Gate of Mycense, and therefore his relation was listened to with extraordinary interest. The ground where Schliemann commenced his work was covered with immense stone, part of the ancient walls and ramparts. After these i had been cleared away there appeared a cir cular space, covered with old archaic grave stones ; and when these were lifted Schliemann and the Prince beheld the body of a tall mus | cular man, with round head, large eyes, and a mouth full of good teeth. As the body was in a i good state Schliemann has succeeded in pre serving it. Besides the body the tomb con . tained a great number of arms, statues, and ornaments, mostly of pure gold, the sword-blades of brass, and a few dozen of arrows with flint heads. ^ As not a particle of iron was found the j antiquity of the tomb is clear. The mere metal ! value of the found treasure the Prince states to be of more than 300,000 francs, and probably i I Schliemann will succeed in opening up other graves. The Doctor has presented the whole ' treasure to the Sing of Greece, and expresses i his confident hope that these remarkable anti- j ! quities will be the means of drawing many 1 visitors to Athens. j Last Saturday the visitors to Salomonski's t Circus witnessed a show which they had not paid for nor expected. An American, Mr. Swane, exhibited in the Circus a'large alligator and a so-called anaconda-a good-sized snake. The two animals must have felt a particular dis- j like against each other, for before Mr. Swane ! was able to interfere the alligator had bitten the anaconda's head off, and swallowed the same, I greatly to the surprise of the numerous specta tors in the Circus. The alligator was removed directly, but the serpent's head proved indigest able, and the saurian had to give up his ghost I during the night to the great sorrow of Mr. Swane, who had paid 360 marks for the anaconda ' and 1,800 marks for the alligator. The Berlin publicans seem to take everv chance into account. The proprietor of one of our [ better restaurants advertised that some of his waiters are deaf mutes. The speculative host i evidently calculated that all deaf mutes in ! ! Berlin, of whom there are probably a good number, will now frequent his restaurant, and that it will therefore pay to employ the peculiar kind of waiter mentioned. During the first week of last month there died in "Wiesbaden Colonel von "Witzleben, a Prussian officer and an old veteran, who had fought as a lieutenant in the battle of "Waterloo, where he j received a rifle bullet in his right thigh. That ! ball was never extracted, and "Witzleben always asserted he could feel the bullet in his leg. in | spite of his wound Witzleben served on, rose from step to step till he became a colonel, and died at the age of nearly 86 years. In his last will he ordered that his body should be exa mined to ascertain whether the bullet, the pressure of which he had felt for more than 60 years, was really in his leg. This wish of the old soldier was carried out, and surely enough a flattened rifle bullet was extracted, which liad slid down from the thigh into the calf of the leg, and rested between two of its bones. It is no wonder that the Government is an enemy to all emigration agents, and opposed to all schemes for inducing people to leave the country and seek a home in foreign parts. After the shocking disclosures of the treatment many German immigrants had recently received in Brazil, the Government published warnings against emigrating to South American States. In spite of this a numberofpeopleinEasternPrussia are again prevailed npon by the representation of a Soman Catholic priest, Iavowski, to leave their fatherland and to seek a new home in Venezuela. Iavowski represented to the people that iTipjr religion was threatened by the Prussian Govern ment j that he would ship them gratis from Antwerp to their destination; that Venezuela was a very Elysium; and that for all this every emigrant had only to pay him, the benevolent Iavowski, a bonus of 4 thalers (12s.) On the 30th November 580 of these deluded people arrived in Antwerp, where they found neither a ship nor their friend Iavowski, andas only a few of the emigrants had any means, the Belgian Government and the German Consul had to take care of the people, and provide them with food and lodging. Iavowski was arrested in Brussels, and 3,400 francs of his ill- gotten gains taken from him; but what to do now with the emigrants is a question not easy to solve. In one of my former " Gossips" I related that some Parisian journals had published an article about the illegitimate birth of the daughter of the Countess of Montijo, viz., the Empress Eugenie. The Countess felt herself compelled to prosecute the papers in question for libel, and the trial came on before the Tenth Chamber of the Tribunal Correetionelle in Paris on the 16th November last. The Court decided that the datbsofthe Gazette des Tnbvmaaix, referring to | some: statements of ."the Boyal phancellery of j Valladolid in Spain, in 'respect to the death of j Count Montijo, were eiTpnebns/as tlie father of the former Empress of .France sad died in the year 1839 j that consequently the Empress, was born during "the lifetime of the Count: Con sidering that the accused journals had pub lished the articles in question with a calumnious intention the Court sentenced the Tribune and the Petite Bepublique Franqaise each to a fine of 1,500 francs, and to pay an indemnity of another 1,500 francs. The Droits des VHommes, Siecle, Independance, Peuple, and Evenement had to pay each 1,000 francs fine, and the same amount as indemnity; and two provincial papers came off with 500 francs fine and 500 francs indemnity each. All these journals are moreover bound to publish the sentence. Thus ended a Parisian scandal, which had given rise to a good deal of talk for our Berlin gossips. > A peculiar discovery of interest to our wine merchants and connoisseurs has recently been made in "Versailles. M. Lelong, the proprietor I of a cabaret in the Hue St. Mederio, was in his cellar removing a cask, when suddenly the ground under his feet gave way, and Lelong: | found himself precipitated into a large vault 1 underneath his cellar, a distance of about a dozen feet. TTis cries brought Ms wife and servant to the spot, when it was found that Lelong lay in a roomy cellar, filled with rows of. casks. It was discovered that these casks con tained choice French and Spanish wines, and that the cellar had been a part of the notorious Part aux Cerfs, under a pavilion named Rendez vous d'Amour, erected and used by Louis XV. As this profligate monarch died 1774, these wines must be more than a century old, and our principal Berlin wine merchants are already on the alert to purchase some of this treasure, which will remain in possession of Lelong, as the French Government, does.not intend to claim it. Onr countrymen in Chicago have formed a society of old soldiers (kriegerbund) all of whose members have fought in the last German-French war. The President notified this fact to our Emperor, requesting him to become patron of the Verein, and this request our venerable monarch not only granted, but ordered our Court painter of heraldry, Herr von Glinski, to paint a splendid flag, which is to be forwarded to Chicago to arrive there as a Christmas present from the Emperor. 