RACING The Turf. CALENDAR. JAN. 11.—Nominations Balouno Handicaps, St George (extended). 22.—Weights Balonne Handicaps. 24,25,26.—G1en Innes Races. 26, 26.—Namoi Rwn. 20, 27.—Geelong Races. Fib. I.—Weight*, Bourke Handicap. 7.—Wefghte Australian Cup and Newmarket Han dicap, Melbourne. 7, 8,«.— Launoeston Races. 14.—Acceptance Australian Cap and Newmarkes Handicap, Melbourne. 14.—Weight* declared Sydney Gold Cup. 16.— Entrica clow Warwick Handicaps, 14,16,16. —Hobart Town Race*. 24.—Weight* declared Warwick Handicap*. Mar. I.—Entrances Randwick Maiden Plate. I.—First forfeit Sydney Gold Cup. 6,7.—Tamworth Races. B.— Nomination!, Dalby Handicap*. 10.—Acceptance*, Balonne Handicaps. 16.-WeigW Dalby Handicap*. 16.— Nomination* olom for Ipswich Cop, Hurdle Races, Flying Handicap, Breeders' Cup, and Grand Handicap, Ipswich. 17.—Acceptance*, Boorke Handicap*. 20.—General emtry, Baloiuw Rape* (St. Georgo). 23\. Kntries close, warwiok Hurdle Race. 23.—Acceptances, Warwick Handicap. AN* B.—Weights declared Ipswich Cup, Hurdle Raot, Flying Handicap, and N.A.J.C. Grand Handi cap, Ipswich. 4.—Weights declared Warwiok Hurdle Race. 12.—Entrances Q. T. C. Handicap and Brisbane Cn>. : 17.—Acceptances Ipswioh Cup, Hurdle Raoe, Fly ing Handicap, and N.A.J.C. Grand Handicap, Ipswich. 23.—General entry, Warwiok Race*. 36, 26\—Warwiok Annual Race*. Mat I.—Entrances close Maiden Plate, Gilpin Stakes, Queensland P. and A. Association Stakes, Htewards' Cup, and Sapling Stakes, at Ipswich. B.—General ontry Jpswion Raoe*. 10.—General entry, Brisbane Race*. 11,12,14.— Ipswich Races. 16.—Weight* declared Brisbane Cop and Q.T.C. Handicap. 21.—Aooeptanoes Brisbane Handicaps. 24,20,—Brisbane Races. I had no space last week to go folly into the merit* and demerit* of the Brisbane and Ipnrieh May race programme*. Somehow I never approach the subject of Ipswich race*, thoroughly business like a* are present arrangements, without a sigh over the glorious past of their history. They didn't go into the severe science of racing management much in that place twenty yean ago ; there was none of that skilful laying out of programmes and conditions which v so needful now-a-dayu in order to attract the attention and patronage of men who raoe for money, and for money only. The programmes may have been most faultily constructed in those times, but what matter? NabocUitk/ There was fan; there were crowds of people; there was tport, tpirit, life, handsome girls and manly men. For ten days before the North Australian Jockey Club's old June meeting all would be a delicious quiver of excitement and anticipation, as the early gallops, and the viait* they called for, gave a tone and a health to the frame that sustained it all through the long winter evening** "blowing" that as a matter of course followed, and was prolonged into the small hours without in the least hurting the iron constitution of the arguers. And when the first day's raoe and its splendid sport, and savory luncheon and Veuve Clicquot (that made bright eyes still brighter), were all over, one was com forted to think that there were two more similar days' saturnalia still in store for us. Then the thud day brought with it a chastened regret that most of the cake was now eaten, and a stern resolution, fully carried out, you be sure, to make the most of tthat time was left; and if, perchance, the Canning Downs pink and white stripes forged to the front of Tait or Toby Ryan, the victory of the Zetland " Spots," or the Fal mouth "Magpie" on the turf in old England, could scarcely evoke or transcend the throat splitting yell that would greet the local triumph. And then, on the next day, we would sit on the rails outaide the stockyard near the club, and "moon" at the jolliest of horse sales; and serpent tongued bull punchers and shearers of the same quality would bandy lightning repartee with the "swell coves," in continuation of the same game carried on at the races. All in good humor, however, for there is, or was, a "freemasonry of the bush," where perils are shared alike between the worker and the employer, where both are true men and up to their duty. I have given up going to the Ipswich races ; for when last I used to go I did not so much ace the people who were then there, as the ghosts of those who once had been there, and I could not stand it I might go there now, but I should not see Charley Watkinß, nor Heitz, nor old Meyers, nor Fattorini, nor long Frank Lucas, nor "Kent of Fassifern," "Yaldwyn of Sussex" and Taroom, nor genial " Giglamps," nor hundreds of others I could name, but will not. Some day I must write the story of " Haunted Ipswich." There are better prizes now, better programmes, better management perhaps; but all that will not bring the dead to life again, nor recall The touoh of a vanished hand, Or the sound of a roice that is stilL John Murphy is still alive, but he is a police magistrate up in the "Never Never" some where. Only the evergreen "Joshua Peter" remains to us of all the old. host of them, and but for him Ipßwich races would have Buffered a still further change. Brisbane races will never to the end of time have such a classic bygone history embalmed in their archives—a history for ever interwoven with the happy early days and infant struggles of what is now called Queensland —as old Limestone can boast of. Eh ! mun, what gorgeous saddlery and jewelled whips Chris. Gorry used to import "special" for the races ! and the three-fathom " gully-raker of the Clerk of the Ipswich Course had a work manlike air, and a wholesome terror for the inevitable " dawg," that the dandy hunting-crop and lash of a Brisbane clerk never Bomebow seemed to possess. But I must, after all this outburst of sentiment, remember that thw is 1877, and not 1857, and address myself to the methodical analysis of the bills of fare of the modern period. Some £2300 of added money should, even in these days of high prises, draw a crowd together, aa it all has to be fun for in the comptH of one' fortnight. The Brisbane Cup would have been better at a mile and three quarters, even as it was ten yean ago. That dis tance would let more hones into it A mild substi tute for a Derby race is found the Mares' Produce Stakes, for three-year-olds. Derby weights and a-quarter of a mile taken off the distance. There is no Forced Handicap, which ia a drawback, and no Hurdle Race, which is a benefit Ipswich will throw considerable light on what nomina tionßwemayexpectforßriflbaneHandicaps. Much the same horses will doubtless enter for both; and our "fields" will all be "weeded" by the 24th of May; but it can't be helped, as the Turf Club has so fixed it The Ipswich Maiden Plate is better garnished to suit the palate than is ours; the penalties are lower and the dednction for the second horse less. A one-mile handicap figures in each programme; it is called Epsom Handicap in Brisbane, and Flying Handicap in Ipswich, which latter place now, for the first time, I believe, sports its Cup ; the " Ipswich Cup " of 200 aovs., a mile and a half handicap. There ia also that desideratum that Brisbane has neglected, viz., a two mile weight- for-age race, in the shape of the Queens land Pastoral and Agricultural Association Stakes. This is the kind of race to bring out horses of the Goldsbrough, Diver, and Dagworth stamp, and should find a place in the annual race programme of every place with any pretensions to position. By way of making up for the absence of the timber business at Eagle Farm, therehre a couple of spins at it announced for Ipswich; one fa a real "swell" affair, a handicap three miles over nine 4 feet hurdles. None but the equine Kaut ton can afford to compete in this. While for the "inferiaw" animals there is another selling jumping weight-for-age race, over six hurdles and two miles, the hurdles being of the more negotiable currency of 3 feet 6. A species of mild and mixed Maribyrnong Plate, in the shape of a Breeders' Cup, for two- year and three-year-olds,atweightfor age, over sixfurlonga, figures in the Ipswich programme, and -is not by any means the least interesting feature in it, and it winds up the second day's sport The Sapling Stakes is another of the same kind, dis tance, &c;, but does not appear to be confined to Queensland bred horses, as is the Breeders' Plate. When Richmond won the Champion Race last year, I said that all the honor belonged to the. overloaded Qoldsbrough, who ran second} and that Master Richmond would find it another sort of game when he in his turn, as a four-year old, with his racing weight up, had to face his juniors by a year over three miles. The result has justified my prediction. Qoldsbrough did what no four-year-old this year has done, viz., got a place in the Champion Race. The three-year-olds filled the first three places in 1877, and w}ll continue to do so, unless another Qoldsbrough should arise, or the weights be readjusted for three and four year olds. Pride of the Hills won it easily by four lengths, pull ing hard, in 5 mm. 34£ sees., and must, there fore, be a.geod colt indeed; but I shall wait and see how he shapes with an extra 25 lbs. or so on his back, in a year's time, before I place him in my Valhalla with such as Qoldsbrough. I believe he will turn out a trump, though he only won the Produce Stakes and not the Derby as welL And now, at this point, I would allude to a per sonal matter, and must announce that, in future, I cannot take notice, in any way, of anonymous attacks on me through the Press. I have been attacked by one writer (Mr. Bramston),, on January 1, for the crime of venturing to suggest how a good secretary could be obtained forthe local Turf Club; and a few days afterwards I am publicly taken to task by one " Tal Tal" for not suggesting how an efficient secretary is to be got Now, it is quite evident that these people, making, as they do, directly opposite charges against me, cannot both be right, if either. It appears to me, then, that some of it was done for the mere sake of " nagging" at me in a spirit of mischief, and it is out of the question, therefore, for me, in future, to take notice in any way of such letters. If the secretary of any up-country meeting be of opinion that sufficient note is not made by me of training and racing matters in his district, he has only got to forward me a few memoranda of the same (as is done elsewhere), and I will in all cases give due publicity to them. Ido not think there fa anyone who has ever sent me any jottings of races held in, or training notes from, his vicinity, who can complain that I "burked* them; but quite the contrary. Things appear to go gaily at Qlen Innes : town filling, large fields entered, course in splen did order and level as a bewling-green ; the great Melbourne " arrove," and after the mile and a half affair at Wagga, who I should like to know fa to say him nay in this business ? for he never seems to run so well as when he fa away from Sydney, the reason for which fa beyond my ken. Sixty-six entries for the Sydney Gold Cup fa an improvement on previous musteringa, and very few of the " quality" are absent therefrom. Javelin appears to be comfortably buried at last, and so does Priam, and it fa a great relief to my mind. These two horses used to dfaturb me by getting entered in races for the mere purpose apparently of breaking down, getting scratched, or finishing in the ruck, or some other equally " feckless" result When the weights appear, I fancy that Barmaid will have to figure under something over 6 st 10 lbs., which she so easily carried to the front of the gallant Rapid Bay's 9 st on New Year's Day, in the Midsummer Handicap at Flemington, in 3 mins. 10 sees. Bully for you, Rapid Bay ! Bay I. Youra was the beßt run (age and weight duly con sidered) that has yet been made in that same race, Sultana's 3 mm. 7 Bees, notwithstanding. There fa a hoat of rare good two-milera in the Sydney Cup : Kingfisher, Timothy, Chrysolite colt. Sunlight, Sterling, Tocal, Malta, Viva, Mountaineer, Pride of the Hills, Brfaeia, Impe rial, and Sibyl; and when, in the Bpaces between these, tho others that I have not named come to be akilfully interspersed aa to weight, the result will be a rallying point and atanding diali for betting and sporting men at Eaßter tide that will satisfy the most gluttonous appetite for excitement. Two-mile performers are none too plentiful in all Australia (three-milers are BtUl scarcer)} and when a good two-mile handicap fa put before the public, it fa a pity to Bee any one VENISON. competent two-miler stand ont. of the fun* " Every man jack" of them is needed to make a real racinof it 