An Eloquent Bellman — On Wednesday our local bellman, whilst ringing to announce that Mr O'Leary would address the electors at Delatite who were in Wangaratta, at the Royal Victoria Hotel, took advantage of the opportunity to deliver his own political opinions. He commenced by calling the inhabitants of the borough to come np and bear Mr O, Leary, a gentleman who was both straightforward and honest — one who was willing and able to represent the mem bers of Delatite — one whr.se interests were identified with the district— one who hud travelled 16,000 miles to visit Europe, and had come all the way back to look after the interests of the people of the honorary district. Our friend who rings the bell then proceeded to descant upon the quali fications of some of the candiates for Moira. " We have," said he, "'our friend Mr Hanna — we know him well, he has served us in tfce past and will do so in the future. Let us prefer local men to strangers; let us return those who have property in the district and therefore an interest in it. Both Mr Sharpe and Mr Tone are interested in this district. We want no strangers who are looking after £300 a year, and when they get it they snap their fingers in your face. Why didn't the stranger who wishes to represent us stand for his own locality, why, because they would not have him." Having thus delivered himself with due emphasis, our political bellman proceeded to invite all and sundry to attend the meeting.- — Dispatch. Poolet The Cricketer. — In the Supreme Court at Christchurch on April 6, Edward Pooley, the English cricketer, and Albert tirainiiall were charged with having wilfully, unlawfully, and maliciously committed damage to certain articles, the property of Ralph Donkin, at Warner's Hotel , Christ- church, between the hours of 9 and midnight on February 2S, and 6 o'clock on March 1. No new evidence was adduced for the prose cution Mr Garrick, who appeared as counsel for the defendants, tried hard to get the case against Bramball dismissed, in order that the latter could give evidence for Pooley and the judge agreed that not a particle of evidence to connect Bramhall with Pooley on the night of the damage was shown. After a lengthy argument, the Court granted the request of the Crown prosecutor, that the case against Bramhall should be allowed to go to the jury. Several witnesses were called for the defence to show that Poole and Bramhall when seen in the passage of Warner's Hotel, near Donkin's bedroom, just prior to the damage being discovered, might easily have been mis taken for other members of the English cricket team, as for instance, Selby Green wood, or Armitage. Une witness also stated tli&t; at the time of the row about the bee. he heard Uilyett say, " We are all iu it," and Selby say, "We will have it out of you he- fore morning." The judge summed up at great length. The jury retired, and after an absence of half an hour returned a verdict of not guilty. Typhoid Fever at Urana. — Intelligence has reached.Wabgunyah that at the present time there are at Urana and on the Billabong Creek thirteen cases of the most malignant form of this terrible disease. Two deaths have been thereby caused, and to add to the seriousness of the situation, Dr Stewart, the only medical man within forty mileB, is himself a prostrate victim to the malady. It is asserted that the immediate cause of the epidemic is the poison ous state of the atmosphere, consequent upon dead cattle putrefying and rotting in the sun. Sheep and cattle are dying in thousands, and there is little rain. Suicide at Walhalla. — A mail named James Riley, a packer, residing at the Bald Hills, committed suicide by hanging himself at Mount Lookout, Aberfeldie, on Sunday morning last, in the stable connected with Lefferin's Hotel. He had been away from his home for eleven days, drinking heavily, when he committed the rash act. He took two straps from off his pack saddle, which he joined together, and standing on a box, kicked it from under him, after attaching t> e straps to a rafter, and then round his neck. No cause can he assigned hut the effects of his drinking bout, as he was a man iu easy cir cumstances. He leaves a wife and five chil dren, the youngest being only three months old. His wif6 is said to have gone nearly mad over the melancholy event. Singular Accident in a Church. — Some little excitement was caused at the evening service in St Patrick's Church on Sunday through a mishap which occurred with one of the altar candles. These candles, which are of great size, are not it appears real candles hut merely hollow tubes constructed to resemble them, the light being obtained from an ordinary sperm candle placed iu the tube aud retained in position by a spring on pre cisely the same principle as that adopted with the ordinary buggy lamp. By some mischance the apparatus got out of order on Sunday night, and the lighted candle shot with all the force of a powerful spring out of the tube, went like a rocket from a mortar clean up to the roof whence it rebounded to the floor, much to the consternation of some of the ladies of the congregation who could nnf. loll fnr n mnmpnt what it was that had gone wrong.— -Albury Banner. Shepparton Items. — We take the following items from the letter of of the Shepparton coirespoudent of the Benalla Ensign : — A great battle will be fought by the two Railway Leagues for the line down the Goulburn. It must come down the eastern side, if justice and economy are al all considered. We shall see what the two candidates that will be returned will have to say on this point when the question arises in the House. Kialla, Arcadia, aud Shepparton alone are entitled to a railway not to speak of other parts along the route. — I met " Finney," the favorite commercial, in Shepparton one day last week. I was for the moment knocked into amazement, for did not we all hear he was dead ; but when I touched him he did not vanish as his ghost would have done, and to prove that he was real we did the real thing together, wishing him health for all time. — I notice going through the Shire of Benalla an old acquaintance collecting statistics for the education depart ment, a task hard in the extreme, so much so that unless a person is a thorough bushman he stands a chance of getting lost, but as the gentleman referred to knows the country, the Government are. to be congratulated in secur ing the services of one so ably fitted for the office. TThe writer refers to Mr Savage Eeid, formerly superintendent of police. The Late Concerts for Mrs Stewart. — It will be remembered that Mr Alpen under took to carry out two concerts at Albury aud Wodonga for the benefit of Mrs Stewart and family. We have much pleasure now iu stat ing tbat the concert iu Albury realised the sum of £23, including £1 subscribed bv a friend, and that in Wodonga £11 17s, making a total of £34 17s, a cheque for which has been handed to Mrs Stewart by Mr Alpeu. Albuhy Tukf Club. — The right to provide room for holding all the meetings of the Albury Turf Club (except any settling) during the current year was on Wednesday sold by auction, and knocked down to Air E. T. Powell, of the Bose Hotel, for £43 10s. We think Mr Powell's enterprise deserving of suc cess, but are Very much afraid he has got a remarkably bad bargain on this occasion. — Border Post. Sharks in Hoissons bay.— The Government rewards for the capture of sharks have had the desired effect. Since the 3rd of the month (says the Argus ) no fewer than 56 sharks, varying in length from 2 ft. to 9ft. 4in , have been caught at Wiliamstowu. Radical Changes for the Better take place in the disordered aud woakened sto mach, the torpid liver, the dormeut or con gested kidneys, the irritated bladder, the overstrained nerves, the rheumatic joints, and weakened muscles, when that supremely efficiently stomachic, anti-bilious remedy, nervine blood depurent and tonic, Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps is employed to rectify their disorders or over come their disabilities. A Good Thing. — This was the admission drawn from one of the leading physicians n Sau Francisco, when he saw tho effects of three bottles of Bristol's Sarsaparilla on a patient whom he had vainiy been trying to cure for many weeks. It was a case of foul eruption, entirely cured by the Sarsaparilla. 