LIVELY PREACHING. (From Ike Saturday Sain.) There has always been a complaint of the dulness of sermons, and it must be admitted that, as a general rale, it is not without foundation. The difficulty is, that the ordinary subjects of discourse are essentially of a grave and solemn character, and that this naturally affects the manner of treating them. On the whole, however, it may per haps be doubted whether it is altogether a sound objection to sermons that they are dull, or whether real sermona can be other wise — that is, dull in the senBe of being con fined to religious instruction and exhortation, and not directed to the mete entertainment or amusement of an audience. A church is, under its natural conditions, not a place for recreation in any form, but for the cultiva tion of a state of mind which requires, in order that justice should be done to it, a cer tain degree of surious attention and reflec tion. There are, however, some lively preachers, And with different kinds of liveli ness. There are some who, by their earnest ness, eloquence, and impressive power of demonstration, can keep their hearers deeply interested without in any way deviating from the gravity of their task ; while there are others, like Mr. Spurgfon and Mr. Moody, who make a point of being funny, and who are not very particular how far they push their jokes. There is also another class who, without descending to such vulgarexpedients, aim at securing popularity by a choice o topics which deal not with the doctrines of religion in its ordinary sense, but with questions of the day in which there are openings for familiar t-Uk and pungent remarks, and for introducing matterrs of more immediate worldly interest than the usual substance of pulpit deliver ances. Within the last week or two a story has been going the round of the papers as to a well-known clergyman, who, iu giving no tice of the subject of a future sermon, either did not speak very distinctly, or at least was not clearly heard, so that the congregation went away under the impression that they were to have a rich treat in a sermon on 'The Sanitary Aspects of Hell.' The preacher had already shown his cleverness n dealinc with such questions by the way in which he had some time before disposed of the Devil, and there was theiefore much curiosity to bear his views on another side of a question which has a great fascination for many people. There was accordingly a large attendance at the appointed time, and much disappointment was taueed when it became known that a misapprehension had occurred, and that the subject of the ser mon was not what it was expected to be, )ut the more prosaic question of the ' Spiri tual Aspects of Health.' Ihis story is a small one in itself, but it illustrates the tastes of a certain class of church-goers, which naturally have an effect on the hab its ot preachers. There are a great many people who, apart from any keen religious enthusiasm, like to go to church. It is a break in the monotory of what to them ib apt to be a dull day, sod it is not everybody who can console himelf at home with the Observer or Belts Life. There is usually something more or less ex hilarating in the tense of being in a multitude, and this is felt in church as elsewhere, WJile the appearance of the congregation, incliding the costumes of the ladies, iB also no' without interest for certain minds. From time to time u die cuBBion springs up as t- Sunday amusements, and there can be no dabt that some kinds of religious service ate inJuded in the category. Some people, overiookng the meaning and spirit of religious symtofism, go simply for the sake of seeing i briiiant display of vest ments and other decorations, and of bearing good music, whicbBuppies them with much the same sense of ;ratificatiou as they find at a theatre, and wtch they would probably seek at a theatre i any were open on Sun day. There is anchor class which does not care for such thing, but desires to be tickled and amused durin, tbe period of what is supposed to be Dime service. They do not object to morning rayer, if it is only a pre lude to a smart am stirring discourse ; and, indeed, they ratbeiike it as an appearance of respectable piet; But what these people go tor is the sermoi— if sermon it be called— and the highest pree which they can bestow on a preacher to thir taste is to say that he is 'as good as a phj.' The relation betreen supply and demand is thus observable i the clerical as in other professions ; and . tendency is evidently developing to provle services which, while conforming to the Eternal aspects of religions worship, shall be - a more stirring and en tertaining kind foi-eople of the world. One distinguished preaaer of this class, observing that his hearers w-e setting rathertiredof the bible, took to theiodern poets, whose works were found more iquant when recited from the pulpit; and ; is satisfactory to think that, having dooeJhelley and others, be has still Swinburne itreserve. We find in a less daring shape aomihing of the same kind in a volumeof serous and lectures which Mr. Haweis has just mblished. Of coarse it is not calloi sermor, for that is rather an un popular title. Crrent Coin takes it out of the ordinary rut nd excites curiosity. The cover is adorns with scattered coins of various kinds, ad there is a quotation, not from the Psalmr but from the Laureate, at tbe heat of tbeprefacc. The author of this volume does nbfpretend to much originality in its wmposifan, and acknowledges very frankly that th- materials have been obtained from vell-knom books. In fact, the dis course) are, wbn read, obviovsly crude and superficial ; bo it is easy to imagine that in delivery they ire agreeable to a congregation such as we ha « described. It is not so much what the speaker has to say, which is' often commonplace md empty, as his way of say ing it, that jives point to these addresses which are colictively termed 'pulpit dis courses and plitform speeohes,' though there is no meanB ol distinguishing one from tbe other. They ire all, in fact, lectures, and not, in the ordinary sense, sermons at aU. Indeed the main object seems to be to get rid of the ordinary topics and conditions of sermons, and to lead the congregation ' into fresh woods and pastures new,' muoh more refreshing than stale Scriptural dogmas j and rathtr to amuse and enliven than to edify them in any serious way. ' Materialism' is the first subject we come to in Current Coin, and this, as is well known, is one of those questions which a large number of people, being as a role ignorant of what is really meant, approach with a curious feeling of mingled alarm and a sense of seductive temptation. They are rather afraid of it, as of a ghost ; bat they would like to see whether there is not, after all, something in it. This is a common frame of mind at the present day, not only about ttus question but about many similar ones, such as Spiritualism. There is a feverish and morbid love of loose specula tion which leads many persons to take an interest in matters which to them seem de lightfully mysterious, and beyond die ordi nary prosaic experiences of the world. In this way the} enjoy at onoe not only the gratification of an idle and' unwholesome curiosity, bnt a sense of elation at their' superiority over other people whloh they anoy they derive from their familiarity witt these great problems. In Current Ootn the appetite for this kind of stimulant to cleverly appealed to. Th» author aoknowledge* that what he has to «ay about materialliinis 'JisUtUemorethanan attemM to give a attll wider ourrenoy' to Mr. Wattinftau's apeoulatioDionthu subjeotj but any om who tarn* to Mr, Mattinean.'* ? articles will tee at onoe the difference be» tween the deep and concentrated study,' and carefully stated aenolaiions, of that; writer and the vague, scrappy, and superfi cial mystification Hiioh is here made of thia subject Mr. Hawds also Bays that he hasj 'used freely Bain, Herbert Spencer, Maudsley, Buchner, G. Lewis, Oroll, Crookes, A. Pioton, and others,' just as if he had their works at his fingers' ends ; but his de. tached fragmentary quotations from adentific writers, and his vague summary of what he supposes to be their views, certainly do not seem to show that he has any thorough ac quaintance with the subjeut. Mr. Haweia arouses the clergy generally of trying to shut their eyes against the dangerous ten dencies of modern science, ana ol being; afraid to come forward boldly to combat them ; but it may be doubted whether much is gained by such loose and confused language as is here employed on the subject. He puts the case between himself aud the men of suese in the form of a conversation, in which of coarse he has, an he thinks, the beat of it. In a public address this method of disposing of an adversary might have some chanoe of success from tho glib confident manner ia which it wonld be delivered ; but #ben printed in a book its shallowness becomes at once apparent. There is also ?Mtattdnf equivocal in the preacher's use of the word 'Spiritualiam,'as opposed to 'Materialism.' As meaning an abstract theory, the word i» no donbt justifiable enough ; but it is bows days usually connected with the operation* of those who profess tobe in communication with invisible spirits, and to be able to bring them down to earth, and Mr- Haweis, whe ther he meaus it or not, seems to give some countenance to these pretensions. He ex presses, for instance, an opinion that 'many of that miraculous phenomena reported in the Old and New Testaments bear the closest re Bemblance and affinity to the alleged pheno mena of modern Spiritualism ; ' and he add* that 'the important question is, not so much whether or no the thing looks trivial, or whe ther or no the dead are trying to communi cate—although this ib of course important— but whether the phenomena witnessed prove ?he possibility of intelliuenoe of some kind, human or otherwise, living, and acting upon matter without the brain and nervous sys tem, declared by physiologists to be indis pensable to the very existence of any intelli gence.' And then he goes on to say, 'ThU ib the real reason why modem Spiritualism cannot get a hearing with most scientific men.' The truth is, of course, that, as the matter stands, it is purely a question of sei entitac research, and the Spiritualists, while alleging the existence of certain physical marvels, produce no evidence which can be adequately tested. Again, in a sermon on ;he Devil, Mr. Haweis expresses, not exactly US belief, hnh lli« raajiinaa* b- k.C.n S_ feood and evil spirits operating in the world % and, after a jumble of remarks about tho mighty influences of dynamic power' 'the strauee and subtle vibrations of heat rays,' electricity and 'its curious connection with nerve force, of which it may be only one subtle modification,' le suggests that ' some such agency as that, being controlled and directed by external in telligence, may be used as an instrument for setting up brain waves, and creating in the uund impulses and thoughts.' He does not distinctly state at what conclusion he him self arrives, but vaguely remarks that ' modem Spiritualism offers to produce in telligence of some kind, acting upon matter, and yet unconnected with a brain and » nervous system ;' and that, if this could be proved, 'God is conceivable.' It cannot be said that this random way of discussing a question depending on exact evidence and scientific knowledge, is likely to have a bene ficial effect on the minds which are influenced by it. What the preacher seems to be doing is to excite the imagination while confusing the mind as to the conditions on which* logical and reasonable conclusions can be ob tained. He even goes out of his way to speak a good word for that horrible print— le Police News, simply because 'whatever there is unwholesome about it, through it the imagination is exercised, and the people for get themselves.' He is also in favor of Moody and Sankey, though he thinks some of their doctrines to be untrue and absurd, because they can move the people. Another aracteristic remark is that ' many of us are beginning to feel that the religious wor ship of the future will be different in fashion from any of our received and time-honored forms,' and that, in his opinion, 'it does not seem to matter much what the form is.' He has, he states, ' learned to be almost as bappy in the Boman, Greek, or Jewish churches as in the Protestant.' It may be doubted whether efforts of this kind to ex cite a feverish and restless ourioaity aa to mysterious problems, to start the mind on delusive trains of thought, and destroy that habit of quiet sober reflection which is the necessary basis of fixed principles, can be included in the category, either of sound religious instruction or of sound instruction of auy kind. Rocket Floats.— The Bev. Mr. Bamus'a invention of rocket floats is tons described:— » ' A rocket float is simply a float (oarrving a coarge of explosives Urge enough to destroy a ebip) with a rocket laid horizontally upon it and securely attached to it. When the rocket is fired, its combustion supplies the propelling force that drives the float over the water in tbe direction required. The chief peculiarity of the invention lies in the con struction of the float, the bottom of which is formed of three or more consecutive in clined planes, which enable the float to past evenly over the surface of the eea at a rate of speed hitherto considered impossible. The Admiralty enginner has shown that the utmost resistance which the water can offer to vessels of this construction can never, at any assignable rate of speed, exceed one eighth of the entire weight of tbe vessel. And it has been further ascertained, by nu merous experiments made with rocket-floats, as well as by calculations derived from expe riments made with rockets on board H.IL8. Excellent some years ago, that the combos tion of a rocket will supply a propnhrive foroo prodigiously greater than is necessary for overcoming the resistance of the water to a rocket-float, so that there wiD,,alwaya be an immense surplus force available for the acceleration of the float as long as the rocket burnt. An exact computation has lately been submitted to the Admiralty by Mr. Bamus, showing that a rocket-float . of fifty tons can be driven over the water at a speed of 275 miles an hour, and can be pro pelled a distance of nearly four miles. And this can be done without taking into aooonnt the fact that rockets can now be made much. , more effective than those used by the Ad miralty in their experiments some yean ago. The rooket- float is guided in any desired - - course by a fixed rudder of thin metal, stt that it can be projected against a ship or any other object on or near the tea with perfect precision. The oast of a 00-ton rocket-float will not exoeod £1200 aod that of a 10-ton float (the most serviceable sin) will be sWt £250 ; yet- few of these inexpensive tmple. _ - uwum, ww^iuwnu, wmuu, an ? sow nonfa- destroy a fleet of iron-armoured ahlps. So- , simple and effective is the wvautlonthatifc seems improbable that it will never be tnaas '. ' f^herose of than to demonstrate itopowerl . It may, in fact, be the meant of obUtmatW naval warfarealtonther. Oonrideringthepre- ' ' aent critioaUtateof affairs, the Admiralty will ' do well to perfect the new projectile wilboflk .''. delay, for ft has been too long talked about ' not tote well known to foreign MUtiS^tA ;? should (t be aatd against tu In talk Am In* ' sUnoa, our shores might in one ^hortdaVlie ; ^ tafttobdly defenceless. TJ. jKTttaflm* ?':] enabled the Admiralty to^^S*ir«5ii. ;: of the project wan Htat :*mM'-mm *»' ! gi»e»suHkient ipropellingto^ jbtit%hea«i ' ' wmntUra has lately bean proved to to «O tttteriygroundlealtnat t&« Admlra%&aT;* Data tfre firm, and panels when offered m-*t ! with a rawly tale j we learn of a thousand tmcii TWinninn feeding hiring changed hand* at St. lOd. t» 4s. Id. for stoat Maim istfStegaf qoieHy»t*«. ? '- ; foisV«Qpldibroujtb and Co. report, Jape 88, the Bale of Bawbelle atatinn, Qaeenalapd, on aobount^f Mr. Laoulon M'Bean, consist ingvt 'trine Mocks in the Burnett district, with about 10.000 head of cattle, to Meura. Shaw, at ? satisfactory price- ? , ' . ? , 