ITEMS OF NEWS. This evening there, will be.a moeting of citizens : in the Meohanic's' Institute for the purpose of' considering the advisability of petitioning the : Railway Department to- establish .work or re pairing shops at" OaBtlemaine, as being most : central and suitable for.such buildings. Tivo cases of diphtheria were treated at the Hospital yesterday./ ' '. // /.! .' - Mr Farrell, M.LA., made his first appearance in the Assembly. on Tuesday evening - since the time he met with the unfortunata accident. Mr Fitzgerald,- the brewer, : of -Castlemaine, has purchased the Wilton Distillery buildings, Brisbane, for a sum of- LI760, and intends to start a large/brewery and distillery. " A serious accident occurred at Chapman's Gully, Tarrangower, - on Tuesday, to;Mr. Kin- nery, contraciorV ' -When returning with a field roller, the dray upset, and/ the. whole load fell across his: ohest:' ' But little hopeB are 'enter tained of his recovery:' ' There is nothing new' to hand respecting the new| rush through Mooplight hills.; .those who discovered the leader are busy 'at Work, but' no discoveries. . ivorth note ; have been made. It is to be/ hoped, 1 /'however, that. /it! may . prove a source of employment to many. .At .the present time there are a ; very large number of zymotio diseases prevalent, sueh as scarlatina, diphtheria, catarrh, and croup. These .are more observable amongst children. This will give employment to the" doctors for some time to come, as : the diseases named have ap peared in various parts of the town. ' " t The Elections and QualifloationB Committee were engaged the'- whole of /yesterday in taking evidence and hearing- the arguments of counsel in the case: of the petition of Mr; R. H.i Lock against the return -of Mr D.' M. Davies for the electoral district of Grenville. At the olose of the counsel's - address, - the committee adjourned till to-day. -The filter-beds on Monument'Hill are finished, : and only await the hardening of the concrete floors to enable those in charge , to open the valves and putthe ponds to their legitimate use. Mr Beauchamp of Melbourtief'has/bbtained the contract: for fencing in. ' the/ Whole of the Vorks on theLhill';' he/was 'also/the sucbessful-fepderer for/fencing in' the contodr w/ater-ch'anneitfrom Exoudition Pass to Porter's Tunnel. - Both works will ba atqnce proceeded with.' , , ;/, -./, A child - named Thomas M'Oarthy, aged six years, while playing yesterday- 'near, the Golden Point school, was pushed down by 'one of the other/ boys, and fell on his hand- When picked up it wras seen that hq had been seriously; injured, and was at oiica brought, to the Hospital.. Dr. Go'w, who happened to be present in the absence of the Resident-surgebh examined the child, and found that he 'had sustained a" dislocation of the elbow..joint. Remedies were applied, and the disloratioh;. successfully- ' reduced ; the/ boy was then /taken back to1 his parent's : residence at Chbwtori.' : : . The , Baptist/ Dhureh, Templeton-streot; was" crowded: last - evening, on the -'oooasion of the baptism of'd number of adults.' The Rev. Mr Hiddlestone, of Brunswiok,/ conduoted the ser vice, assisted ' by" Mr Wilkin/ jun. / The rev. gentleman preaqhed a/very long disbourse on the' subject of baptism, -its nature, object, and effects, taking for his' text/ Mark xvi., lfith and! lOtli veraeB. At the conclusion of the address the ordinance of baptism by imraoraion .was ad ministered' to eleven individuals',— all of whom ; were females. : There were to have been several! more, but owing to unavoidable oiroumstances ! they , were unable to be present. " The residents iu Gingell-street were somewhat i surp'rised yesterday morning to Qnd thajt during i the (light some maliotous scoundrelB had: been! playing high jinkq tit the Railway hotel, /by hav- ' ing a'raid'at the windows; Almost Pverv Dane 1 of glass was broken, and in some oases the framework of the windows -smashed in, while the floors of the rooms was littered' with broken glass logs /of wood, and "brickbats". " The house has been uiiocoupied for'somo little time 'owing to1' some : dispute between'/tfiej/iabdlbrd, Mr J, ifi'.flielatq, 'owner .a'ncT tenant.' „Tt';ia not, 'so fqr, known by whom the act.was accom plished, but the police have the.'matteir.io liand; and i/ will go hard with the perpetrators if dis- .oovered/.: .1 --...t . :T -.h - 1 Thelollowing -is' the' return'of traffic on the Viotorian"; Railways' fdr '.tlib' week eritng' 12th J ulyj ! 1877 '/;/ .— / 'N®.' '!pt '/pasengOTs' '46, 048 j ; "c'pj«esp3ndngdate in' passengers, /pqr(cbli,!h9P carriages,' dogs ' arid mails, £7,119 8s Id ('".ipwriyiatidifln; ipwatt pnd. cattlo, £il182";is'i6d. /Total; receipts .for ; the week; £18,301 9s 7d. Aggregate to this date 'from 1st July, £32,276 0s 4d ; weekly average 2 wee)b £10, 138 0s '2./ ' 1 ' / ; / , ... . .. The Tarrangower iTimes reports :--The crush- 1 ing lfwt -week' from trie iSpecidationiOoinpan Nuggetty Reef, gave the exoellen yieldoE 24oz; 4Jwt retorted gold from 22 tons. |Tha,prospeets aire cheering. Matthews and Oo, Town Reef, oruahod 10. tons for 4oz 8dwt. Nankiyelljand Co', Linsoott's Co., oruahed 29 tons:-' for.Soz- 13dwt. The elements for hunting. sport in tho. shape of foxos arid' fox-hounds have been brought out here in the s.s. Kent, from London. There are two pairs of the former, and three brace" of the latter, and two of the sluts have recently had litters. The hounds are from well-known Spr- re'y kennels. /;'/ ...: ! '//.i:!: - / 1 Instructions have been, received from tho- Crown law bfficersby the Sandhurst inspector: of mines (Mr Nicholas) . to, institute proceedings iagainBt the parties concerned in tho oauabbf.the death' of John Patterson, who was killed-in-the: mine of the Garden' Gully Railway Reserve Company on tho 21at of June. A warrant has! been issued against the manager. > - i Last week, . at the selection of Mr J ohn ' Hill, between the Arehdale and Dalyenopg statiops, a lamb, say the Advertiser, wbb dropped, having a well formed body with two perfect headB and; necks, and eight legs, of .whioh four wore' at tached to the hind quarters, two to the fore, the remaining two protruding, from the : middle - of the belly. The little animal was, of course, not! allowed to live. r. " '! j The value of imports at the .port of Mel bourne during the week ending the 14th inst. amounted to L325,193. Of apparel and slops the amount was L8302 ; coals, L10,729 ; cotton ; piece goods L29, 268 ; gold, L14.360 ; haber-; dashery, L10,762 ; . sugar, L8032 ; woollens, 1 &c.;\ L28,814 j brandy, L7792; and tea,; L19,961. The exports from the port during the same period amounted "to L349,790. They included — Gold, L56,896 ; horses,. L4000 ; specie, L188,651 ; tea, L6,461 ; and wool, ! L34,627. ' " " " " ' ; Tho fnlTftrainn narMnlara nrorn ailfinllAf? hv the Government to' the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday evening, in.reply to Mr M/Intyre's mo tion for a return showing the total jnumb'qrl/pf mechanics and labourers respectively' employed in each of the Gonveynngent railway workshops : at Williamstown, Geelong, Melbourne, Sand- hurat,andBallarat ; — Williamstown : Mechanics, 192 v;' labourers, '84. Geelong : Meohanica, "3 ; labourers, - 4. Melbourne : . Mephauics, 25 ; labourers, : 28. ' Sandhurst :: Mechanics, 8 ;; labourers, 6. Ballarat - : Mechanics, 5 ; la bourers, 6. . : i < . The Inglewood correspondent of - theBondigo Advertiser writes on Tuesday. /' New? arrived to-night of- a shooking accident having occurred this afternoon at a small alluvial diggings about fonr.or five miles froiii hero, generally known aa " The. Timber, " neiir Whitehead's farm.1 "-Two men named. Joseph May. and -Thomas James had been working in a claim, there, and when leaving off started out of the:dfive, May going first. He had got.into the shaft,, when' James, who followed, was caught, before he could .olear infi-unve, oy aume laiiing eartu, uuu uuuio diately killed. ..The deceased was 52 years of age. The" : correspondent, of the Argua wjiteqJ — ; "'It1 ia not'often" that "farmers' halve any- oiiuse to complain, of "superabundant .crqp3, Jjut.tha po- tatP crop'this'year .abqut /Biingareeif not" a cause of actual complaint, is a . ,sore , source of anxiety to many 'of' the growers"1 of ' the tuber. Although large /quantities are .'constantly sent away from Ballarat in all-directions, the cry is, " Still they Goma;"'and.a very ; depreBjed price may shortly be looked for, and if it should fajl to a figure at which1 it will not phy - the ' growers to send their; potatoes: to. market. soores, ' if not hunred, of tons will hqyq;to be left, ;to,. rot in the'ground." ' . '/ /' Some little time ago it was stated that a pqrty had arrived in the district from India (says the Pleasant , Creek News) . and inspected,. .theland with a/view to ascertaining whether the cliqaqtq "arid'soil in/the Wimmera district' were suitable for the cultivation of tea and indigo.1 Welearii that their opiuiucs ' are- 'decidedly "in" favour of attempting the experiment, and several indi viduals have taken up- selections of 320 acres eaoh in the Sheep Hills district, whioh portion has found the most favour with them. , Opera; tions will be commenced on . an / extensive -scale as soon as all the preliminaries with regard to the leasing of the land are arranged. It is an ticipated that every encouragement will bq af- forded thein by/thp'se/residing in the vioinity, so that there is every' probability of a new 'industry being established in our midst within a' short space of time. ' : ' The Hamilton Spectator thus laughs at Vic torian railway travelling The velocity. at tained by the passenger train between - Dunkeld and Glen Thompson cannot be. such as/to alarm the moBt timid." A few days ago Mr Wall's re; triver Niger determined !. to see.iSome ,.of. the pupils safe to Duukeld, and unknown - to them, followed the coach.- On arrival-there, the faith ful animal would not leave them until he 'had seen them safely seated in the' train, when they felt sure he would make the best of 'his '-way home. Their surprise may oe imagihod when on looking out of the train after they ! bad started,- they saw the dog running alongside; Niger is a big dog and very fat,/ yet .he managed with the greatest of ease , to keep, jup with the iron, horse until jt reached /Glori'/ Thompson;-, when, perhaps annoyed at not being offered a, seat, he turned tail and leisurely trotted-home to Hamilton. MrB. M. Sara, who was lalely ':campirigr for the night'at Rapid Oreok, -Northern Territory, witnessed a somewhat, novel, scene/ (says'/the Northern Argus). Some horses belonging to the Government were-: crossing the //croak jnear the mouth, when/an alligatbypujri" an appear ance and seized 'one of ' them / by /. the wither. The/horse struggled '.'vibleritly, 'arid at length succeeded in getting away from his , adversary. The; reptile, ho.wever!agai(i caught, hold oi tha horse by the leg,: but it ; let out with spoh a " oonvinber ?',tliat;tiie-»Uigator/dratlyr con cluded he had 'caught: a Tar.tar! arid gave up the contest. : Jlrj Sersifirqq his revolver r tpjijighten tho alligatbr, but"was afraid to aiiri direcHy at him|for feair. of /:/inunrig-<the,lioniB.'',:c Another horse belonging to tho overland telegraph de partment was severely bitten 'by an alligator some days Binooi '/'./Both: horses "are now pnder treajimant, and aro;expacted:toT6aover. | . .Avery sad aiooident ooourred /at.Upper_Rin- garooma, Tasmania, on. the 26th ult., causing the death of a miner' named 'Edward Ooughlan. It'app<jarar(say,a" theiLaundeston. Examiner) that on that day Mr Joha :;.Westwood, who has the O.K.qlaim, qear tho Thomas River, agreed with his brother-in-law', Mr'Ti Doriovanj and-Oough- lan,, that. they shpuld:go out that; afternoon: to out down Biiitable spars for a paok bridge: over the,Thoirias.- On;. arrival at-the river the two others orosaed the 'river, leaving Mr John' West- wood on one side by himself, but 'he rireaehtlv called out to them to/come arid look at the" tree he'had seleoted arid see if ; it wbuld 'db. ' 1 /His brother ofbssed,/biit Ooughlan "would 'rioVbrit gave his opinion' from the other .side, arid , then sat down on the bank while Mr Westwopd ,ooh(t irienced tbbut down the tree. The tree wari about 2 feet through and 80 feet or more high, and Ooughlan sat down on the oppbaile bank hf the river, several yards above the line of fall qf the'tree, whioh was to . be . dropped "aprpss the river' for the proposed, bridge. . As'sbou'as. the tree/braoked, Mr, Westwood oallod' 'to, Ooughlan to/look out, and he ran up 'the bank. The/tree fell aoross the river into tho forkof another troe, and a great limb, snapping off this tree with the blow, flew off at a tangent, and struck Oough lan as he ran, smashing one leg: near the thigh and doubling it baok and pinning him to the ground aoross the. body,: though, as there was a bend in the limb, ho was not much crushed by it. Tho Messrs Westwood and Donovan hastened aoross the river out the limb -of the tree in two,' and levered it off the 1 unfortunate man/ who was found to be deai ' / ' - : " i A, turnip, nearly 18 inches in length, woo ing 231ba, 'grown qn a selection at Brandy Oree , in theGippslririd distriot is shown at Geelong. /m A'.bbxol speoiniens frpiri the richest part of the Blaok Horao reef at the.711 feet level was brought to Ballarat on Tuesday. _ They vary from about a quarter of a pound to eightorpine pounds in weight, and" are" loaded with 00"r® gold, some pieces being larger thau peaB. tne Btone in the lower level is said to be atill improv ing. The other evening (writes the Booleroo cor respondent of the Northern Argus) a young man named -M'Diarmid met with a rather serious mishap''He was returning hom'e from Taroowie on horsebaok, snd the 'night being very dark he came in contact/with a forked branoh of o 'reo. He was caught firmly under the chin, and bis horse'wenb/from under him. For nearly- half an hour he hung in that helpless and- dangerous positiorij'but fortunately the branoh broke while he was struggling 1 to release himself, and he escaped without Berions injury. ,,!A' regulation is about, to be issued, by the Education Department, direeting that in all oases, where. it becomes necessary, that porporal punishment shall be inflioted upon - a pupil in the State Sohools, the task is to be undertaken by therheadrteaoher. - Whenever the -teacher shall deem it necossary to inflict /a more than ordinarilysevere punishment, he will be required to report the matter to the head of the 'depart ment;'"' 'With the view of discouragiog as much as possible the too frequent recourse to corporal punishment, the department have resolve, in considering the claims of teabhqrs'tp promotion, to take into acoouot the ability shown'by teach ers to ..con trol their soholars by other means than/corporal chastisement. - , Z1"- ;; The North-Eastern Ensign says We'have frequently expressed our conviction that at no distant, date a payable. goldfiold would be, fiiaoo- vered in close proximity to this town/ and it is t-iU All AU.L- A. ««!> aaII i-wiiaiwAvI'ltv IlUWStabtiU UU WUtlU WO luuoi.unu;. wubvitysvmj authority that some prospectors 'Hays' recently struok a rich reef behiud Fleming's arid Cherry's paddocks, not far distant from the leased ground of the Benalla Hope Company, A small parcel of stone, weighing lfiowt,' was sent'toBtanley to be erushod/ the return of gold being' 3oz. This is cheering news, and shows/ another rea son why'the" ground in the locality of what is known-as-'-Ths -Reefs ' should— not -be thrown open foreleetion .under, the Land Act. There oari-be rioi'possible doubt but t(lie, whole of thas site, Is aurifqroris and shoul/it be allowed. , to be taken . up , by ! selectors, . . cpinplioatioris of mining versus farming/ or." grazing will ensue." James Fowler, the, man who -is supposed to be the author of /the olever - forgeries', irecently brought to light, was; placed upqn ,hjs trial at the Central Criminal Oourt on Tuesday. The first charge proceeded lyith , iyas the forgery of the nameqf Mr. John Hood to. a cheque for Ll'dO/'but'iri Srdq tp .sbbw a guilty knowledge on the parevftjp'qrierl/riidepM :.was given athq-gqjae.t.i.iriq (o connect ' him withjthe other forgeries. JLu reply toiHr fllolflswortii vfQOj.cie fended the prisoner, Pierson said: that when he cashed the cheques he had no idea that they werq forgeries. . It was shown, that the prisoner hadraocess to documents wbich might- have served as patterns for the forgerieB, - and-, evi- deribe' was' given; corroborative: of -portions' of Pierson's' story:'1 11 No witnesses" were 'called for the'defence' Mr -Moles worth resting tho pri soner's 'case on" the , fact that the evidence of Pierson the /principal/ witSe'ss," was', uriwortHy of;';credibiU£y,."The jury, 'after .about twenty miriuies', , consideratioq found /.the.', prisoner g'uilty of uttering. /' A oonyiotiori of .aix years' hardl.abourforforgeryiri 1862 haying been pr'oyed and: admitted by t he prisoner, >he was remanded for sentence. . -;-o ;i.-.-n..i 1 Rospeoting- the nse of: gas on the New Sonth WalesTailways' the 8. M: "Herald' writes On Wednesday reyening' last-we Had /an opportunity of ' inapebtihg Ith'e' aaloori carriage that had just retd'rued'frptri'/Gou'lburrii arid /in riyery part/of it/ tjierq waq ample'; light with qniy/oriVjet/burri- ink tb/rqada paper . with' . perf eot "ease arid witiir out ,tha ,B(ighteat/ attain bn/.the< eyes,/ whereas wjth/th'q.dingy's/ppky .lamp' in ordipaiy-iise it/is only:with/the utmost difficulty! that the letters oan be distinguiahed.: ; Nobody will. for one. mo-, ment question-, the 'superiority of the: proposed new method of - lighting -our; railway: carriages oyer.the systepi that has hitherto beqn in vogue, aqd-we are glad to bear that.no obstruction has ' been: put in the way of Mr/ Oastner!'having every opportunity. of giuing his sohemeri fair trial. In England and' on the -Continent' gas' has for some time' been used 'on1 the' railways, but 'in'-'many partsiof America the old'sysfem'-'of oil ' lighting1 is still' adhered to, because oil in America-is very m'ubh' 'oheaperi than, ' gas. . The Metropblitriri ari'Nprfcb Loridbn railways' have a yarij br prirt of;a guard's yan, of . each train fitted up with a gas reservoir, -. which .is merely a square strorig bag, oy beljowa, weighted at the top sufficiently to,- produce s gentle pressure iipori. the inflated- bellows..-- At.maoh terminal station, there is - a- length of hose attaohed to the gas main,- the, end of, .which is ; sore wed upon a pipe under tho van leading from the reservoir, and it is thus charged each journey asi oiroumstances require;'- There is a tap in the guard's break by; whuriiithe prqs: sure can be out off, or the light moderated when neoeasary.l'j ;;A/ correspondent to- an .-English journal writes to say that by the system of sup plying traiuq .with gas in Eoglan.ha has aeon a man at Wakefield fill four trains in five minutes. Auubuoi uo ubioa ud ior/,a rurcner trial of the gas, arid it is expeoted to be ready in the .opufje of a , cojiple of days,,) A rumour was current that an old woman natned<: 'Bolton) :» living - with fihei'S hrisb'andCin UppariMacq'uarie-atreeti Hobart Town . (says- the Mercury) had, on Saturday morning, a/few; minutes before her death)- signified to her hus band that' a box boiitaining' some 2000 sovereigns was aongealed.beneath a .board in-her bedroom. The report was generally, bqljeved in the city, butj en inquiry we" found that the money dis covered — whioh was in a tin box baneath Mrs Bolton'a.bed— amounted only..to.batwflen.L2QQ andL300, and that one principal portion of it was realised from tha sale of some property , a few weeks ago. We may mention as an incident in oonneotipn with the story,-that on- the night of /Sunday; last Mr _ Bolton, who Was suffqririg from't paraly tip' stroke and had'lPst the' uqe of her 'limbs 'excepting Hey left Hrm/'made1, signqi ipd, (eating that there was' a noise in thq ohimneiV At the'mome'rit7theroom. was filled' with' smpke! and Mrs Bplfori-rwho is a very old and riliriost1 on fire, m!ade'se'ab6h,-'and"fou'nd that' suoh'-was the ease. Neighbours were'.oalled in, arid in at tempting to dislodge the enorusted 'soot in the chimney, they managed to bring down q stuffed1 sack, , w.hiok, Mr, .Bolton supposed' must -have been'pladed in tho 'chimney ' with .the view of preventing .ventilation, .and. producing. iHe /suf< focatiori of himself and wife. Mr and Mrs Rnlfnn RAm Alwavn Irnnnn frt knn a l.'tii. faith id baQju,' and Mra -Bolton was accredited with the singular ingenuity 'of setting aside for a rainy day at leaat two-thirds of ! Her, earnings ; more than' this, the; House "the ' had previously lived in was. twenty years ago broken into, and a sura of L153 stolen therefrom, and this oom- binption, ,,of oircumstancqy, gave, a - certain airiount of colour to J the" suppositions of Mr Bolton. The treasure' trove,"- however, is nqw,lodgel ipone:of (he banks, an, if, there- waq any , real desig'u to ,rob , the old ooqple of that 'whioh should bq.their own in" their . declin ing years, wo have to1 express our ' satisfaotion that it has been successfully foiled. If,--, , -. A Btory is told of a shrewish Sooteh woman who tried to weari her husband from1 the publio-h'ouae by employing her brother to aot the part of a ghost and frighten John on his way home. "Whs. are you?" said tho guidman, as the apparition rose before him from behind a bush. "lam Auld Niok." was tho reply. "Como awa', man," said John, nothing' dannted; " gis's a' shake o' Vonr hand— I am mprripd tqo a slstpr 0' jyogr," 