MEMORY. Lecturing on this subject before his Spring street audience on Saturday, Mr T. P. Hill asserted that whatever covered the field of consciousness covered the field of that wonderful facultv of the human mind known as memory. No faculty was more susceptible of cultiva tion. When men took into consideration the great and permanent advantages to be derived from it in every department of social, commercial, intellectual, and religious lifi-, 't became matter of as tonishment ili . 1 vv.is not more heeded and cared for. Deprived of memory, man would beci « blank i a creation. Nothing would ie... .1 for him — " But vacancy absorbing space Aud fixedness — without a place. There would be no stars — no earth — no time — No check, no change — no good — no orime — But silence, and a 3tirleas breath Which neither is of life nor death ; A sea of stagnant idleness, Blind, boundless, mute and motionless." The records of the past ; all that they had read concerning the rise and fall of empires ; the heavens and the earth and the water nnder the earth ;the Book of Providence and the Book of God — all were foloed up in; the volume of memory. The ancieuts understood the importance of memory. At Athens, a statue, was erected in honor of Mne mosyne, the Godess of Memory and the Mother of the Muses. Thesacrad well aud thrown near the Trephonian Oracle were known to all students. The memory of the ancients was great. Drusns could repeat the whole of Homer. Sallust knew all the orations of Demosthenes. Cyrus could name every officer and soldier in his vast armies. As a proof what lie could do, Hortensius made a wager that he could attend a sale, and, without a single note, would, immedi- "ijty it was over, repeat the price at .0! . t'B t/ J:. which each article, had been sold, the nature of the article, and the name of the bidder. The task was performed accu rately. Portias Lartius, Themistocles, Cicero, and many other men--of an elder day were possessed of cultivated memories compared with which men in the year 1877 were pigmies. The fact was that before the invention ot printing, public meD were compelled, by a very necessity of the case, to improve and strengthen their memories by observation, analogy, and original thought. It was not enough to have books, or to knowwhere to read up for information as they wanted it. Practical wisdom for the purposes of life required to be carried about and utilsed. Memory grew with the growth of the body ; strengthened with youth ; and ripened in manhood. Tho contemporary of animal energy, it was the first of the mental faculties to betray the incipient decay of the vital force ; the grey head, the impaired sight, and the wrinkled brow, the trembling limb, and the fading memory, told of the approach of that last stage in life's eventful history, when, in the language of Shakespere, they were constrained to exclaim : — " Out ! out, brief candle 1 Life's but a walking shadow ; a poor player That struts and frets his honr upon the Btage, And then is heard no more." Whatever entered the mind by the doorway of sensation, memory marked, recorded, and, when called npon, repro duced. Thus they recollected one thing by means of another, namely, by associ ation. Things impressed together, or repeated together, in the order of time and place and sequence, rose np in the memory together. The lives of men were composed of two Btates of consciousness, namely, sensations and ideas, and these were always related to each other. The idea of the common hangman and the rope were associated together. The idea of G. Y. Brooke, and the idea of Othello, in the impersonation of which character he was unrivalled, were associated together. A broad brimmed hat suggested a quaker ; a red coat, a soldier ; a tlack suit and a white tie, a clergyman. If parents would ponder over those evil com munications which they were told cor rupted good manners, and think of the importance of early association as affect ing the future welfare and happiness of their children, many of the most pernicious and absurd errors of the day might be avoided. Locke, in his Essay on the Human Understanding, had observed, " Ideas that in themselves are not at all of kin come to be so united in some men's minds that it is very hard to separate them. They always keep in company ; aud the one no sooner at one time eomes into the understanding than its associate appears wilh it. Thus the ideas of ghosts and goblins have really no more to do with darkness than with light. Yet, let but a foolish maid servant inculcate this often in the mind of a child aud raise them there together, possibly he shall never be able to separate them again as long as he lives, but darkness shall over after bring with it those frightful ideas, and they shall be so joined that he can1 no more bear the one than the other." There was food for thought in that. Let them take another illustration. Some persons had what was called an antipathy to a spider, a toad, a rat, or a mouse. The idea of danger had on some occasions been so great in connection with the sight or touch of the animal that the association connected between them could not be dissolved. The sensation excited the idea and produced the uneasi ness which the idea imparted. Again, some persons who had undergone a painful operation could never afterwards bear the sight of the operator, however strong the gratitute they might entertain for his skill and success. The sight of the operator, by a strong association, called up so vividly the idea of the pain of the operation, that it was itself a pain. The spot on which a man parted from a valued friend when be embarked on the voyage from which he was destined never to return, could not afterwards be wit nessed without recalling all the associa tions of the scene. Time weakened, but never destroyed sensation. After a variety of other illustrations, Mr Hill called the serious attention of the teachers to the tremendous power and influence of memory. The moment a man com mitted a crime that instant, God's con stable took the criminal into custody. No writer on lhe face of the earth had made this fact more patent than Shake speare. Macbeth murdered DuncaD, King of Scotland. The blood was no sooner on his guilty hand than the air was peopled with voices proclaiming the malefaction. From that hour he was on the inclined plane which led to des truction. The golden rigol was on his brow, but the vulture was at his heart. After life's fitful fever Duncan slept well. Not so the guilty Thane. In restless ecstacy he tossed nightly on his bed. Grime was with remorse, and remorse was with ruin. Memory, with Shakes peare, was what the sun was to the planetary system. It was the beginning, the middle, and the end. The light was on the just and the unjust. Let him, the lecturer, give them a powerful illus tration of what he desired to convey. A committed a murder. Object, £20,000. Midnight. No one but the murderer on i h« spot. The deed committed. The pluuder obtained. Escape made. Lon don, Paris, Rome, Vienna, Brussels : Wine, women, dissipation. What was that which scared slumber from the murderer's eyes. The victim stood before him. He was in the iron grasp of memory. The present pursued the murderer. The future awaited him. Macbeth had murdered sleep ; and, there fore, Macbeth should sleep no more. That was memory ; that was conscience ; that was tho worm that died not, and the fire was not quenched ; that was HELL. Blessed, therefore, was the man whose memory was his friend. If they wanted to understand what conscience and memory really meant, let them read, mark, learn and inwardly digest Mac- beth's irremediable crime, his consequent remorse, and his final ruin. Memory was the witness that would go into the box of that Great High Court of Justice where many of the judgments of the courts below would be reversed. — Jaeraltu Tenders for Schools. — Tenders have been accepted for the following schools »— Erection of State school and quarters, Wooragee — John Hall, £318 lis 6dj erecting verandah, Yackandandali school — Thomas Y. Ramsay, £93. 