MELBOURNE. (F1105I oun OWN" COllUBSrONDENT.) in Melbourne, .it all ovent3, the spcecn ot the Premier has caused .a difference in the rolativo importance attached to the questions of Protection and a Land Tax. To express it mathematically, [ would say that this time last week the Land Tax was to Protection as 3 to 1, aiuUnow-Protection is to the Land Tax as 3 to 2. Sir James M'Culloch declares that ho is in favor of abolishing tho 20 per cent, dutit'3 and gives it to be inferred that he would cut all duties down to about 10 per cent, or make this his understood policy. It is]ja very different policy to that under which ho professed to introduce the tariff of 1SG4, accepted by protectionists as an instalment. In short, Sir .Tamos has definitely placed him solf at tho head of fclio Free Trado re- action, and he might as well have said, " We have tried Protection and it is a failure." City people regard the Lmd Tax as a matter of theory by the side of protection, which touches them vitally. 'There will be a determined attempt to force Protection to the leading place as the question of the electors. All this must result in some con fusion to the popular cause, as the Land Tax party and tho Protectionists, although nominally identical, are not so really. The advocates of the Land Tax include ultra free traders, as witness Professor Pearson. It is little uso talking about anything but the election?.. Service's address, in Maldon, is pronounced vory good, and almost on a par with his grand onslaught on Sir James M'Culloch in tho Assembly hist session. There is no mistake about it now that Duffy, Service, and Casey are all in one boat. Still the corner is small, and, I think, is mainly composed of those individuals who have a personal grudge against Sir James M'Cnlloch. Others, of precisely similar opinions, sup port liini. In fact, can any one point out a really important difference between the Ministry au:l tho Cjrner, on a loading ques tion ? Tho news of Mr. Parko3' illness is sorrow fully received by numerous friends in Mel bourne. He is a noblo old fellow, with all is faults. Mis mind is full of politics, mean ing thereby the vital matters of general in terest to Australia. Unlike groat Victorian politicians, ho has boon unable to mauage n business of his own, to keep him independ ent, and so ho is always as poor as a rat. When over in Sydney, I heard a lady's criti cism on tho good old man : He is so clover, but then ho is .so poor." ITever mind, ho is rich in the possession of intellect., and a big heart and soul, always revolving, I bolievo, on affairs of public import. It appears hard for him to bo laid on the shelf, just as he has achieved tho premiership again. Peoplo are saying now that Mr. Zox, a Jew, has a good chance of olection at East Melbourne. If Levi, the other Jewish can didate, would only retire, Zox would bo safo to fill the placo of the late IS. Cohen. Knipo, another candidate for the same district, cir culates lithographs of his physiognomy about, as an induoDment for the electors to give him a vote. Me looks a profounder statesman than ho is, so tho idea is not bad. Among tho other new men A. Stevenson, the coach builder, and moderate protectionist, is fight ing West Melbourne)' against Langton and MaoMahon, who show that matters are not exactly secure by each going on his own hook. Mr. Andrew, retired draper and Berryite, stands for this constituency also, which is bad policy, tlio Free Traders being so strong. Tucker, the stoneu aller, will bo put in at Fifzroy, and tho other seat will go to Pro fessor liearn, apparontly, unless the field bo mucli cut down. It would be tedious to enu merate tho shoal of candidates in all these placos. Men without the ghost of a show keep bravely addressing meetings, and ox pending monoy in placards -" Mr.'ituAY ROWING CLUU.-A meeting of tho Murray llowing Club will bo hold at Spearing's Palace Hotel to-morrow evening. TUB DAVENTOUTS.-The Davenport Bros, are now at Napier. While performing at Wellington, ono of the andienco one night struck a match during tlio dark soanco, much to the disgust of the performers. Though the local papers said that nothing was seen, a number of tho andienco assarted that they distinctly saw ono of tho Davenports and Professor Fay standing upon the table on which tho musical .instruments had boon placed, stamping, and waving round their heads tho phosphorised banjos. Yet upon tho gas being lit, which, was almost in stantaneously, both performers woro soen as securely tied as when the lights wore put out. LADY BURDF.LT COUTTS.-It is said Lady Burd.ott Contts has certified from personal knowledge, that Parisian milliner used forty thousand humming birds in the season. It is also said that Parisian milliners, who fur nish ladies out of town with their hats, send for their photographs before they make the selection o£ shape, and colour of the trim mings. Mil. Tuojri'sojf MooitE.-This gentleman held a very successful meeting at llochestor, last evaning, at Mannan's Shamrock Hotel. He entered fully into the leiding questions of the day, and was listoned to with great attention. A vote was unanimously passed that Sir. Moore was a fit and proper person to 'represent'tho electors in Parliament. Sir Win. Gregory is exported to open tho Logi-ilativ^ Council oil the 11th. 