A NOVEL WITHOUT A NAME. By William Aubrey Burnage, Author of " A swim for a wife," " Constance," " Bertha Shelley," &c.; CHAPTER VIII. (Continued,) " Don't, Polly Don't !" cried the old lady, raising her hands depreca- tingly. " You rend my heart by talking so lightly of death !" Frank at this moment entered ; and his aunt stepped into the next room to hide her emotion. " Oh, Frank, I am so glad you are home again !" cried Polly, joyfully, as her brother caught her in his arms, and pressed a loving kiss upon her white brow. " Yes, my sweet sister, I am back again all safe," he replied fervently ; and, Mr. Talford's words still fresh in his ears, he held her for a moment at arms length, and scanned her features with deep misgiving. " He was right !" he thought uneasily, " I must have been blind not to have noticed it before !" and taking a chair at her side he said, " You will have to go to the seaside for a change of air, Polly ! London smoke is making you look quite thin and pale." " Why, Frank, that's what aunt and Dr. Fulton say, so I suppose I shall have to submit ; but I never felt less inclined to move about than I do now." " Don't you see a great change in her Frank ?" asked his aunt, re-entering the room. " Yes, aunt. She must most certainly go away somewhere for a change. I think some quiet village near the coast would be better than going to one of the thronged and fashionable watering places," he answered, shrinking from the idea of encountering society. " I will go too for a week or two. Of course you will go with her aunt." " Can you doubt it, Frank ? I would not be separated from my only darling for world ! You do not look well either, my boy ; and the change will do you good. But when will you be able to go ? We can be ready, as soon as you can arrange to start." " I will see Mr. Talford in the morn- ing, aunt, and consult with him about the best place to go ; and we can settle the time when I return. He spent his boyhood on the south coast, and will be able to advise me upon the most suitable spot." " I am so glad you can go too, Frank !" Polly said, twining her arms in sisterly fashion about his nook. " The pleasure of having my only brother all to myself again for a while almost reconciles me to leaving this dear old cottage, where we have lived so long." " But it is only for a short time, Polly ; we shall be back again before your flowers have done blossoming," said Frank hopefully. " Ah, but, Frank, there is nothing, certain in this life. I might never come back !" she replied dreamily. Miss Letitia tried hard to smother her rising sobs, but with only partial success ; and Frank's control over, his emotion was wellnigh lost. Nancy's opportune entrance to set the tea things enabled them to change the subject ; and while she was in the room they contrived to keep up a flagging conversation upon general topics. As they were about to take their seats at the table, Polly left the room for a moment to get some essential Nancy had forgotten ; and her aunt took the opportunity of whispering her fears to Frank. " Dr Fulton won't tell me what is the matter with her, Frank : he only says she needs a change ; but I dread its being a rapid consump- tion--that's what your mother died of and I am almost certain he thinks so too, from the medicine he gives her." Polly's return checked Frank's reply ; but the softened tenderness and solici- tude with which he addressed her, proved that his aunt's apprehensive hints had sunk into his heart. He strove bravely to crush down his feelings, and talked incessantly during the mealtime to amuse her, and divert his aunt's thoughts from their gloomy current. "O, Frank," exclaimed Polly, when handling him a second cup of tea, " You have not told us where you have been ; and what adventures you met with ! You were away in Derbyshire somewhere ; weren't you ?" The wretched youth suddenly recollect- ed call he had forgotten to make ; and, rising abruptly from the table, he stam- mered, "I shall be back within the hour, aunt ; but you must excuse me now for I have to see Hunt on business that cannot wait till to-morrow ! Good-bye, Polly ! I will tell you about my travels when I return," and hurried from the room. "Hunt !" Miss Letitia exclaimed. " Isn't that the newspaper man, Polly ? I wish Frank would give up writing. He is undermining his health by such continuous work." It was nearly nine o'clock when Framk returned. He entered the parlour ; and finding it dark anl deserted, he took possession of the easy chair by the fire- place, and settled himself down to ruminate upon the inquest he had that afternoon read in the Times. Presently Polly entered the room with a lamp, and discovering her brother she drew a foot-stool to his side, and seating herself, and leaning upon his knees, reminded him of his promise to tell her about his trip into the country. Frank ran his fingers caressingly through her glossy hair ; and then, pressing it back from her temples, he stooped and kissed her tenderly, thinking sadly, " If aunt's misgivings be realized. I shall not long have my pretty sister with me !" " Come, Frank, you promised, you know ; and I want you to tell me what you did ; and where you went to," she said coaxingly. Frank considered a minute or two, and then gave her a long and high-colored account of a week's sojourn among the hospitable farmers of Derbyshire and of the rural pleasures of reaping, ploughing fishing, and shearing--Polly the while gazing up into his face with a pensive smile, and occasionally listening with deep attention. Next morning, as Mr. Talford was stepping into a cab to drive to the King's Bench, he encountered Dr. Fulton, who had gone to the same stand for a vehicle. " Ha ! Well met, Doctor ! I am glad to see you ; for I want to speak with you about that promising pupil of mine. I feel rather uneasy about him. He came back yesterday from his run in to the country ; but the change cannot have done him much good ; for he looks more like a ghost than his former self." " Rest, my dear sir ! Rest is all that he needs ! There is nothing the matter with him that I can see. He is not very stout certainly, but he is tough and wiry," replied the doctor. "He has a constitution of iron. I only wish his sister's was half as strong." " Is Miss Seymour no better then, doctor ?" Mr. Talford enquired eagerly. "No," Mr. Talford ; and, if I may judge from her symptoms, never will be again ! But not a word of this to her aunt or brother--they will know it soon enough." The barrister paused a moment to steady his voice, and then replied in a tone of ordinary sympathy. " I am very sorry indeed that you think her case so desperate. Are you certain it is consumption ?" " Yes. She must have had the seeds of it in her constitution ; for I never remember seeing a case develop so fast before. A week or two ago she ap- peared in perfect health. In very deli- cate organizations phthisis pulmonalis eats away life with inconceivable rapidity ; and in her instance its ravages must have been extensive before we suspected its presence at all." Mr. Talford shook hands with the doctor, and entered the cab without reply. In a few seconds the driver enquired where his fare wished to go ; and, rousing himself sufficiently to exclaim impatiently. " Westminster !" the barrister relapsed into a painful reverie. " I never heard Talford make such a rambling address to the jury before !" observed one barrister to another, as they walked out of the court late in the afternoon. " Nor I. How he won the case is a marvel to me," returned the other. " He never once touched upon its strong points, but spent the time in what appeared to me a weak repetition of im- material and irrelevant matter." " Well, he did win it ; so it does not matter how, I suppose ; but if ever he owed success to good fortune or the whim of a jury, he did to-day !" CHAPTER IX. HARRY FENTON'S leave of absence had expired, and the morning arrived for him to return to his regiment. It was within half an hour of the time his groom was ordered to have his charger ready at the hall door ; and he and his father were sitting in the library. Mr. Fenton writing a letter to his old friend Sir Cecil Wilmot, and Harry gazing absently through the open window, and thinking of the many strange and important events that had crowded themselves into the narrow compass of his brief visit home--of his meeting again with his boyish love, and finding her still true to him ; of her father's opposition, and the tantalizing position it placed him in, of knowing that she longed to see him yet dared not permit him to visit her ; of his discovery of Nellie's preference for himself, and the melancholy end of her devoted slave, his friend Mr. Bradlaw, Harry's face assumed a very grave expression, as his thoughts carried him back to that fatal afternoon, and his ride from Redgate's farm. The inquest upon the unfortunate militia captain had thrown no light upon the mystery in which the crime was shrouded ; and no clue but the pistol had been discovered ; and it so far had been valueless as such. He was trying to conjecture the motive that could have led to the murder, when his reverie was disturbed by his father rising and saying, " I have finished this note to your colonel, Hal ; so if the girls will only leave us in peace we may have a few minutes quiet conversation before you start. You wanted to tell me something, I think--about your charmer at Fenwick Park, eh ?" Harry smiled, and replied, " No, father ; it is upon a far less pleasant topic I want to speak with you. It is upon poor Bradlaw's death, and some- thing I said on that evening when he and I, with Bentree and Chalmers, were riding home from Redgate's farm, I made use of words then that have caused me some considerable uneasiness since." " Considerable uneasiness, Hal. How ?" asked the old gentleman, drawing his chair to Harry's and sitting down again. " As it was proved at the inquest, father, I was the last person seen with him ; and that fact gives a terrible but false significance to some words I made use of that afternoon. As we were riding home Bentree was amusing himself by teasing poor Bradlaw about Nellie ; and one of them, trying to turn the jest upon me, declared that I was jealous of Bradlaw. I laughed at the idea, and denied the fact ; and then, thinking of Mabel, I was so unfortunate as to say ' Heaven help the man I should be jealous of ! I would shoot him down like a dog !' " " But I cannot see, Hal, how making that silly boast need trouble you ! You did not shoot him." " Don't you see, father, that after making what might appear, in the light of the subsequent crime, as a threat, poor Bradlaw, and I ride away together, and the next that is heard of him is that he has been shot down !" " Humph !' ejaculated Mr. Fenton thoughtfully. " Your words viewed in that light do bear a most disagreeable construction. You cannot tell how glad I am now that we had that conversation about Nellie the other evening. If I did not know of your affection for Miss Wilton, those unfortunate words would have damned you, even in my eyes ; and I dread what may be the consequence of either of these young men repeating the story. They were both examined at the inquest ?" " Yes, father ; but for some reason neither mentioned our conversation." " Had we not better see them, and warn them against repeating it, Hal ?" Harry paused a moment and then answered the question by another, " Would that not be the policy of a guilty man, father? If I did, and it were afterwards to transpire, doing so would be----" " Enough to hang you ! No, my boy, you are right ; it will not do to mention it ; and we must trust that they have for- gotten them, or did not connect them with this melancholy event in the way you have done," replied Mr. Fenton gravely. " Of course, I am very anxious to learn whether they noticed and recollect my words ; but for obvious reasons I dare not ask them. The weapon too, which was found upon the scene of the murder, is marked H. F. Under other circum- stances I should not have noticed that I know half a dozen men with the same initials--but, taken in conjunction, with my words, it is a most disagreeable and embarrassing coincidence." " It is indeed, Hal ! It is indeed l" " But do not mention it to my mother or the girls, father. Most probably my uneasiness is groundless ; and should these false links be forged into a chain of presumptive evidence against me, it will be time enough to harrass them with my fears, when they have taken more tangible form ! But I must go and bid them good-bye now ; for I want to get an early start." " Don't, fear, my dear boy ; I will not breathe a syllable of what you have said !" returned the old gentleman earn- estly. " It is needless to alarm them by what, as you say, may prove groundless fears. Your mother would fret herself into the grave, if she shared your ap- prehensions. No, no ! it will not do to let her know !" Harry embraced his father in some emotion, and then hurried away into the breakfast room to bid farewell to his mother and sisters. ' I think your choosing a profession was a great mistake, Harry ; and if I had my way you should resign," said Mrs. Fenton, as her son turned to bid her good-bye. " I can see no necessity for people as rich as you taking any profession, especially one that keeps you from home so much." " Glory, mother dear ! Glory ! The whole inducement lies in the magic of that little word !" returned Harry, laughing. " When will you be likely to come home again, Harry ?" enquired Fanny. " Not for another long year, I expect !" Harry smiled roguishly. " What, shall I not be required to take part in a grand performance in the old church in the village yonder before then ? I thought the important ceremony was for May." " O, I forgot. Of course you are to come in May," replied Fanny, blushing. " But do you think you will have a long leave then ?" " No, sister mine : only just long enough to take a seat as the wedding breakfast, and away again. But I must be off." " You are not going to escape us so easily, sir !" said Clara. " Fanny, Beatrice, and I are going as far as the lodge with you. Aren't we, Bee ?" Beatrice clung to her brother's hand sobbing, and made no answer ; and Harry embraced his mother, and then walked on with his sisters to the lawn. " Give Beatrice a ride, Harry," suggested Clara, as Harry took his horse from the groom, and drew his arm through the rein. " I don't want a ride !" cried the child, vainly trying to force back her tears " Oh, Harry, don't go away yet ! Stay for another week ! We might as well have no brother at all ; for you are never at home now !" The young man tenderly lifted the broken-hearted little maid up into his arms. "Harry must go away now, pet !" he replied soothingly : " But some day he will come home, and never go away again." " But someday is so long coming, Harry ! Can't you stay now ? What's the use of being a big boy like you, if you can't do as you like ?" replied Beatrice. Harry answered the childish philoso- phy by a kiss ; and, setting her upon her feet again, he said gently, " I must go to-day pet ! But, come, brush those tears away ; and I will come home very soon again then." Beatrice busied herself in striving to repress her tears, and shape her doleful little face into a cheerful expression ; and turning to Fanny, Harry said, " I expect you may occasionally meet Mabel at different mutual friends, Fanny, when she is settled, and begins to return the visits she his received. Don't forget to tell me in your letters all you can about her. Her father will of course prohibit her writing to me ; but she might, per- haps, send me messages sometimes through you." " And can't I be of any use Harry ? Is there no oppressed, lovelorn maiden I can help to correspond with her gallant Hussah ?" enquired Clara laughing. " Let me see--there's Nellie. But she will doubtless write direct ; so there would be no romance in sending you stealthy messages from her ! It must be delightful to know some simpleton silly enough to mistake you for gods and goddesses ! Verily you are two fortunate individuals. Heigho ! when will it be my turn !" Harry laughed at Clara's merry nonsense, and replied. " Your turn, Mad- cap ? He would be an unhappy wight indeed, who should fall a victim to your fancied charms ! But, here we are at the lodge !" Resisting their entreaties to wait a little longer, Harry kissed them each, mounted, and, waving his handkerchief, galloped off. His sisters watched him in silence, till he disappeared round the first bend in the road--Beatrice sobbing the while as if her little heart was breaking--and then Clara exclaimed, " He was in a great hurry to leave us, Fanny ; but he will not be so impatient to tear himself away, when he is bidding Mabel good-bye." " He will not have the opportunity of seeing her, Clara. If you recollect, Squire Wilton ordered him not to go near the Park again." Clara arched her eyebrows in unfeigned surprise at what she thought her sister's simplicity. " And are you goose enough to think that fifty orders will stop Harry. He is not such a gentle, patient mortal as you, Fanny ; he is more like me. If I loved anybody, opposition would only make me the more determined. It's a pity someone does not fall in love with me, and papa look black and say 'No,' that I might show you how a high spirited, self-willed girl would act." Fanny smiled without replying ; and taking Beatrice by the hand, they returned to the Hall. Harry Fenton kept to the high road, on his way to Fenwick Park, which he was to cross to reach Dunmow on route for his regiment. He rode fast till he reached the scene of Captain Bradlaw's death, and then drew rein, and viewed the place for a few minutes with an anxious, thoughtful gaze. " Poor fellow ! How sad to be out down so suddenly !" lie mused, as he spurred on. " So full of life and hope ! Little Nellie lost a true and faithful admirer when he died. She will never meet a truer." At the lodge-gate of Fenwick Park he paused, " Now, how am I to manage it ?" he communed with himself. " I must not go boldly up to the House, and ask for her ; and yet I am determined not to return without seeing her." He seemed undecided for a minute or two when an idea suddenly occurred to him. A lad about eleven years of age was nursing a baby on the doorstop of the lodge." " Well, my boy !" he said dis- mounting, and leading his horse to the cottage. " What is your name ?" " Ernest Merville, sir !" the lad re- plied, with a self- possessed smile of intelligence not often met with in cottager's children. " Do you go to school ?" " No, sir ; we are too poor ; but mamma teaches me herself," Harry was very much surprised at the lad's manner and speech. He evi- dently did not belong to the rank of the peasantry. " Is your mamna in then ?" he asked, smiling at the ill-clothed but cleanly urchin's use of the word mamma. At this momoet the boy's mother appeared at the door, an enquiring glance in her dark eyes. Harry involuntarily raised his hat, and observed, " This is a bright lad of yours Mrs.--Mrs.--" " Merville," prompted the boy. " Mrs.Merville. He does not go to school, he tells me." " No, sir, Ernest does not go to school now ; but I teach him myself at night. He is a good boy ; and I do not know what I should do without him," replied the woman, fondly stroking her little son's curly hair. " What do you intend to make of him by-and-by ? He seems above the gener- al run of country lads," asked Harry with more interest than he usually took in the plans and prospects of the sur- rounding poor. " I hope to get Mr. Wilton to take him as under gardener or gamekeeper, when he is old enough, sir. It is the best he may aspire to now, poor boy, but before my husband died we expected to educate him for a lawyer." " A lawyer !" echoed Harry in as- tonishment. The woman smiled faintly. " You seem surprised, sir, at a simple peasant lad having so high an ambition ; but the truth is we were not always in our present station. My husband was a barrister ; but when he died we were left penniless ; and I was obliged to face the world myself. Mr. Wilton's steward was in my father's service years ago ; and, as the late lodge-keeper left about the time I came to the village with my children, he kindly gave me the vacancy. What little I receive as wages, together with what I earn by the needle, keeps us very comfortably ; and we try to reconcile ourselves to the position Providence has lowered us to." Harry gazed searchingly into the woman's face for a few seconds ; and then apparently satisfied, he said abruptly, " You wish to make a lawyer of Ernest : I think I can help you !" The boy sat the baby on the floor ; and rose to his feet, his whole soul in his eyes ; and his mother exclaimed in- credulously, " You sir ! How ?" and in her turn scrutinized the young man's features keenly. " I presume you do not know me, Mrs Merville," Harry said, amused at her look of amazement " No, sir. I do not," she answered bluntly. " My name is Fenton--of Elmgrove Hall." " O, indeed ! Then I have heard of you,'' she replied, recollecting Jepson's gossip about Miss Wilton's early attach- ment to the son of Squire Fenton." " I wish to speak to you about--he parsed, and glanced at the boy. " Ernest take Amy to the sunshine on the other side of the drive," said the woman's catching the significance of his glance, and the boy took his little charge out of hearing. Harry cleared his throat ; and then plunged into the communication he had determined to make. " I want you to do me a kindness. Mrs Merville, there exists a necessity for me to have a confidant at the Park ; and, if I may take your face as a recommendation, you are a person who may be trus- ted." " I thank you for the compliment Mr. Fenton," replied the woman. "But it depends very much upon the nature of the confidence you wish to repose in me, whether I may be trusted or not ; and I tell you candidly first, that unless it is fair and honourable I make no promise not to betray it." " I shall expect nothing of you, Mrs. Merville, but what is fair and honour- able," replied Harry, his confidence in the woman's reliability strengthened by her plain speaking ; and, as a sort of introduction to the favour he intended asking, he gave her a brief account of his love for Mabel and the opposition of the young lady's father, and concluded by saying earnestly, " And now, Mrs. Merville, I am on my way to join my regiment again ; and I want you to set your woman's wit to work, and contrive a meeting between us this morning ; for, as I shall be away for some months, it is only natural I should wish to bid her good-bye before I go." Mrs. Merville considered for a few minutes before replying. Her own marriage had been a love match made against her parents wishes ; and she had never had cause to regret it ; and she naturally felt sympathy for others in the same difficulties. Her eyes turned upon her children : and she keenly felt the different position they would be placed in, if she could gain the gratitude of the young people. " I will help you if I can, Mr Fenton. Returning the compliment you paid me just now, to judge from your face, you are not one to meditate anything dishonourable. But how can I assist you ?" " I am now going down to the lake. You can make some excuse for calling at the house to see her ; and then tell her I am waiting there to bid her adieu. If she cannot come, or is from home, send your little boy with some message to me : I shall understand your mean- ing." Here he took out his purse. " Do not misunderstand me, Mrs. Merville," he continued, noticing her color rise ; " I only mean this as something to- wards your boy's education." " Not now, Mr. Fenton, thank you. We can manage very well for the present," she replied with a touch of pride in her tone. " By-and-bye when I have taught him all that I can, I shall be grateful for some assistance ; but for the next year at least, we can manage without it. You may ride on to the lake to meet Miss Wilton, if she cares to go down ; and I will visit her at once as your ambassadress, my ostensible mission being to enquire if your friend has any sewing to put out." Harry thanked the woman, for her willingness to aid him ; and after shaking hands he mounted, and rode slowly along the path through the park till opposite the lake ; and then, alight- ing again, he led his horse behind a clump of stunted trees, that concealed it from the House, hitched it to a broken branch, and then walked on to the lake, where, throwing himself upon the grass, he resigned himself to fairy-castle building. He had lain buried in reverie for nearly a quarter of an hour, when he was disturbed by the excitement of the swans ; and, glancing up, he found Mabel approaching. Springing to his feet, and meeting her, he exclaimed joyfully, " I was beginning to fear that you could not come, my darling !" "I can only stay a few seconds, Harry ; for papa is at home ; and he may miss me at any moment," she replied, " He has hardly spoke to me since I was at the Hall ; and I am so very un- happy !" The young man felt unhappy too at this inability to say anything to comfort her, " May I hope you will write to me regularly now Mabel?" he asked, after expressing his sympathy with her in her father's estrangement. " I will write regularly to you." " No, no, Harry, you must not ! and I cannot write to you, till I can do so with papn's approbation ," she answered hurriedly. " What ! and are we to remain as strangers till then ?" he exclaimed in surprise, " Mrs Merville could re- ceive my letters for you, and post yours to me." " And deceive papa again ! Oh, Harry, I could not ; I have sufferd too much for my first offence ! You cannot know what it is to have no mother nor sister's, only a father whom you have deceived ! No, Harry, we must rest content in knowing that we love each other ! But I cannot stay any longer, papa may miss me. I will be true to you, Harry ; and I will trust you to be true to me. Good-bye !" " What, darling, must you hurry back so soon ? Cannot you spare me one half hour of your company ? We may not meet again for months," he urged. " Your papa is not at all likely to ask where you have been." " No, Harry. I must go back at once !" she answered, trying to smile through her gathering tears. " Good bye !" They were alone in the park, out of sight of the House, with no witnesses but the birds in the lake : and, taking her in his strong arms, he pressed a dozen burning kisses upon her blushing cheeks before she could resist. " Good bye my darling ! good-bye ! Heaven bless you." She broke from his embrace, and hurried back home, her heart too full for words--her unusual agitation mainly caused by the nervous excite- ment she had worked herself into by grieving in silence over her father's displeasure. Harry watched her till she disappeared into the shrubbery, and then mounted, and slowly pursued his journey. He had ridden about half a mile when Bentree and Chalmers overtook him. " Hallo, Fenton !" cried Bentree, as they reined in at his side. " How do you feel ? I have not seen you since-- he paused, and glanced signifi- cantly at his companion. " Since we rode this way together last week. Poor Bradlaw was with us then." Harry caught the glance and under- stood the drift of the allusion, and coloured with vexation. " Yes," he replied with forced calmness. " We did not think then it was to be our last ride together." " We dis not !" returned Bentree, laying a perceptible stress upon the word ' We.' For a moment Harry was inclined to attempt to correct their mistaken im- pression by reiterating the account he had given at the inquest of his parting from the ill-fated captain at Fenwiek Park lodge gate ; but he felt that an innocent man was not supposed to understand their hints, and that doing so would look like a guilty one's effort to turn them from the scent ; and, utterly at a loss what to answer, he said at a venture--stumbling upon the very thing he was anxious to avoid--" It was a strange coincidence his being shot so soon after your banter." " Very !" observed Bentree drily ; and turning to his companion, he sug- gested that they would chance to miss the train unless they hurried. " Yes ! We must push on," returned the other. " Good-bye, Fenton ! I expect you will not forget our last ride together for a lifetime !" They passed on without enquiring whether Harry was going the same way ; and the pointed omission spoke as plainly as their words their unpleasant suspi- cions ; and the young man slowly followed, a prey to the most perplexing doubts. Bentree and Chalmers were just in time ; and had barely taken their seats when the whistle answered the bell and the train glided off. " Dear me, and I've bin an' forgot my bandbox ; and my new, gray alpacky gown's in it too exclaimed an overdressed fussy, old lady in the same carriage. " Can't nobody stop the railway ? Where's the guard ? Drat him !" No one answering her, she continued with rising energy, " Can't nobody stop the train ? I don't see the fun of running away from a bandbox with a brand new gown in it !" (To be Continued.) 