SPECIALITIES. IT has often been remarked that one of the earliest lessons which should be studied by young Ministers is the art of receiving deputations. The strictest care is generally exercised by the experienced members of a Cabinet that no young recruit shall be exposed to this ordeal of fire until by precept and example he shall have undergone a certain degree of seasoning. Negligence in this respect seldom fails to invite disaster. It was an untoward accident which delivered the unfortunate Miles, then in his ministerial infancy, into the clutches of an Ipswich deputation. Ab Mr. Miles has since discovered, and has indeed remarked, of all possible deputations an Ipswich deputation is the most formidable. From some inexplicable cause Ipswich has always been productive of a keen and wary race of deputationista, and has cultivated a school of experts grown gray in the practice of astute dealings with many successions of Ministers. Once in the hands of a select batch of those veteran deputationists, the adolescent Miles had not a ghost of a chance. It was the old story of Laacoon with a single victim and a larger assortment of serpents. To the insiduous wind ings of his assailants the unfortunate victim could oppose none of the corresponding wriggles which are familiar to more experienced Ministers. The regular dodges were then to him still a sealed book. The deputation wanted money, and instead of getting into an attitude of defence at the first hiss of that threatening word, Mr. Miles innocently laid himself open to the boa constrictive convolutions of the foe. He rashly undertook to kear and determine the claim on its merits, and as a consequence the Ipswichian deceivers are crunching his bones in the hearing of all Queensland, if ad Mr. Miles at that time known as much as he does now he might have escaped almost uninjured. For the benefit of future innocents in the Cabinet trick, we' may append a few of the most effective methods of parrying similar attacks. Under all circum stances the Minister assailed must be calm and circumspect. While preserving the moat en couraging and untuspicious attitude, he must be ready to shift his ground at a moment's notice. He should be most desirous of meeting the views of the deputation but—uncertain whether any funds are available for the particular purpose. He must cordially agree with the views ex pressed but—must remember that the matter lies within the province of the Treasurer (or any other brother Minister whom he would like to embarrass.) He should be highly sympathetic but —should require to refer to the officials of the department before finally pledging himself. Let it be noted here that he should never par* tioularise which of the officials be desires to consult, or the deputation may insist on that officer being called in then or there. A Minister should ascertain beforehand what officer is absent in the North, and, if hard pressed, assert a burning necessity for consulting that man above all others. He should use the expression "finally pledging himself," because it sounds as though he pledged himself for the present, but won't sustain that interpretation when looked at more critically. At the very worst stress, a Minister should, as a forlorn hope, request that the deputation would put their application in writing for his favorable ("favorable" is another delusive expression) consideration. Let Mr. Miles take these few hints to heart. Is there anyone now-a-days particularly anxious for the crown of martyrdom ? We fear not. In these degenerate times we doubt if any one would give even Aa(f-a-crown for it. But if there should be any such relic of olden days dry- rotting amongßt us, we know exactly where to lay our hands on the very article to suit him. Its name is Mai If there is any truth (and we believe there is) in the anticipatory declaration of the islanders at present on their return voyage to Mai, that henceforth every white man who lands on their island will be hanged, we feel called upon to advertise this gratuitously as one of the finest opportunities of acquiring a posthumous reputation that has ever fallen in the way of a Christian philanthropist, lay or clerical. Unhappily, there are so many calls upon our time that we cannot ourselves take advantage of it; but there is no envy in our composition, and we know many to whom we would yield the palm (it will more probably be a bread fruit tree) without a murmur. To such of our friends as may suggest that we should ourselves strive for the elevation, we can only reply that we'll " see them hanged first." We know lota who pass their lives in looking for a lift at the hands of others, who couldn't do better than pay a visit to Mai. Then, again, there are men who are con* sumed with desire for the benefit of the country to whom this offers a most eligible opening. What, for instance, could Walsh (whose name always rises before our mind when the subject of self-denying patriotism comes up)—what could Walsh do better than get himself ap pointed Government agent to the Sibyl ? If he would be only sure to land, what everlasting gratitude would he not earn by merely hanging congenially in cold " obstruction !" But apart from individual considerations, the threatened Mai reprisals suggest a new means of saving ex pense to the colony. Why should we pay for a professional hangman, and all the other para phernalia of execution, when there is a whole island of hangmen waiting for a gratuitous job ? Might we not look to the island of Mai, also, to supply the requisite sanitary cordon wherewith to isolate the threatened evil «i Chinese leprosy ? We commend the whole question to the atten tion of Parliament, especially to such members as have a general leaning towards anneckaation. But that the subject should be fairly dealt with, a visit to the spot would be absolutely necessary. The Kate should be utilised for a Parliamentary picnic to Mai It needn't be a very expensive trip, as there would be nothing drunk on the return voyage. The only extra expenses would be those of the immediately en suing General Election, Breathes there a man with soul so dead Who never to himMlf has said, This in my own, my nativo land ! It has been a reproach to us that we have a good many in that unhappy condition, who—not to put too fine a point on it—don't care two straws about the land of their birth or adop tion. But the reproach is wiped away, we also have a lover of his country—literally, a big thing in patriots—and his name is John de Poix Tyrel. It was not long ago announced that this incarna tion of stern devotion to duty was to be a com missioner for Queensland at the Paris Exhibition. The billet was decidedly a rosy one. Feeble fancy fails to paint in sufficiently glowing colors the probable exaltation of the hon. member for Carnarvon when he reached Paris in the character of Ambassador from Queeensland. Mr. Mackay got a fair amount of " cracking up" from enthusiastic Yankees when he went to Phila delphia, but it would be as moonlight to sunlight, as water to wine, compared with the reception our Tyrel would have met with. This gi'os, grand, magnifiqut man looming largely on Parisian society, would simply have taken it by storm. Commissioner for Queensland figurtz vouB— what of great, of splendid, of entrancing, in the idea! And the man himiielf Anglo-Qallo- Australian, such a splendid example of the effect produced by the genial climate of Australia, on the effete and puny races of Europe. Honors would have been showered on him ; his manly chest would have been festooned with many* colored ribbons; he would have trodden the floors of the talons with the step of a conqueror; the wearied belles of the capital of frivolity would have hailed him as a new sensation—he would have been smothered in duchesses. Look on that picture, oh cynical reader, doubtful whether pure patriotism is to be found in Queensland, and then look on this. The editor of the Stanthorpe paper, after telling his readers that the member for Carnarvon will not visit Paris as a commissioner, gives the reason for this determination. Rightly judging that common English would be inadequate to convey the full effect of the announcement with which his pen is pregnant, he says :— In arriving at this decision we are of opinion our mem ber has been actuated by the apparent delay in starting and carrying out of the proposed public works of the electorate- most notably the Goondlwindi Bridge and the Htanthorpe Railway, and the probable protraction re sultant from the absence of our representative. There! we leave the statement before our readers, and ask them whether the heroic age has passed in Queensland. But there is another side to it. The Romans shouted joyfully when the dauntless three stopped the thoroughfare over that famous bridge, but it is not recorded that Lars Porsenna of Clusium felt equally pleased with the feat. Stanthorpe may shout for joy, but there will be dismay in the Cabinet, there will be weeping and wailing in the Works Office. Douglas, when next he ventures within reach of a telegraph office, will flee again to the uttermost parts of Cape York, and wait till a swift messenger comes to tell him that the blockade is raised. Thorn is packing up his portmanteau on the sly, intend ing to take shelter in the mountains of Fassifern among his faithful vassals ; Miles, grimly de fiant, nas doubled the messengers at every avenue of the Works Office, and is sotring up loose coppers against the coming hard times. The Tyrel is on his charger—visor down, lance in rest —and a recreant Ministry are shaking in their craven shoes. There is but one remedy one escape from their terrible predicament. It is but no, we will not part with a State secret in this unguarded manner. A communication will find us. The death of Brigham Young, Esq., which recently took place, probably plunged more families into mourning than any other demise during the last few centuries. Seventeen dU« consolate widows wrung their thirty-four hands, and lifted up their respective voices and wept for the beloved object whose fortnightly visits they should never again receive. Fifty-six lonely orphans were cast upon the cold mercies of an unfeeling world. It must be admitted that Mr. Young has, after all, been moderate ia his absorption of wives and production of orphans. What do seventeen and fifty-six amount to after all ? Considered as a Crying Brigade they might be effective, provided they complied with the exigencies of their position, and did not harbor a dry eye amongst them. Had it been Brigham's fate to die anywhere but in Utah, had he been mourned over in some less watered territory, his relatives might have given a certain celebrity to his obsequies by weeping an entirely new and original salt lake in memory of him. A good moist widow, who knows her business and does it without any nonsense, is calculated to have a capacity of 140 tears a minute, each tear being one fluid drachm. Sta tistics have satisfied mankind that an average woman can cry two days and nights continu ously at a stretch if refused a new bonnet, and it may therefore be safely assumed that each of Brigham's seventeen bereaved widows would be good for thirty-six hours' straight crying. There fore it is easy to calculate that each widow would have a flow of about three tons of water. The prophet went off at a most inconvenient time for all concerned. In fact it would have been difficult for a man so circumstanced as he was to have found a suitable time for going off. As it happened, the fifty-six orphans were in various critical stages. Ann Maria Young, the senior orphan, aged 43, was in revolt because her vener able father had never sealed her to anybody, and now his restraining hand is off will probably elope with the (gentile) milkman. John W. Young ib notoriously in love, and as a youthful and inexperienced lad who has only five wives, it is feared he will enlist or something, now that his father no longer exists to make the fair one, who doesn't care to be Mrs. Smith, Junr., No. 6, listen to the voice of Heaven and camp with John. Various Misses Young are just in their teens, and are suspected of reading Swinburne at Tabernacle, bound like the Book of Mormon, while forty-two teeth are in process of cutting among the youngest Youngs, who are fractions, and Brigham was looked to, to do all the hush-a by business of nights. If we were to read that in some Oriental city a man was brought up before the Cadi in the same batch with murderer*, thieves, and other criminals, on tho charge of having a diseased liver, we would look upon it as one of the funny eccentricities of barbarism at which we thoroughly civilised Britishers are entitled to indulge in our usual self-gratulatory laugh ; and this, notwith standing the fact that evil livero are the essen tial raUon d!ltre of all penal lawß. And if the next case on the charge sheet were that of a man accused of hereditary gout, we would still feel entitled to our smile of superiority, even though the evidence made it as plain as chalk that the man could write his name with his knuckles. But if we were to read that, in Brisbane, an otherwise respectable man had been brought before the beak, and subjected to a whole Pinnock's Catechism on the accusa tion of harboring in his system the Barcoo rot, or any of the other ills that proud Queensland flesh is presumptive heir to, the Britisher within us would smile no longer. The general British lion would be roused. The English lion would pose himself as a lion rampant, snortant, fumant The Scottish lion would be in a scot. The Irish lion—well, never mind ; the Irishman can always do his own tail lashing without any allegorical help from natural history. There would be no cause then for the outcry of "uothing in the papers." "Audi alteram partem," "Justitia," "Veritas," to gether with that prejudiced grumbler "Fair Play," that blinded ignoramus " One who knows,' that superannuated nightmare "Colonist of Forty Years' Standing" (and lying)—and the whole tribe of scribbling crudities that render " Mr. Editor's" life one long indigestion, would be upon us like a whirlwind. " That a respect able man should be classed with thieves, utterers, wife-beaters, a hoe gcrnu omne, because his sys tem is out of order t It is an outrage on all laws, human and divine; and worse Btill, it is un-English I" That would be the sort of thing which would fill our columns and overflow our waste-basket. And yet, oh British Lion, thiß thing is done every day within reach of your tail J Certainly we are not so far gone yet 88 to class a disordered stomach, or an en larged liver, or even Bmallpoz, with misde meanors that deserve the opprobrium of public exposure in open court But apparently, in our present stage of civilisation, the brain is looked upon as the organ of respectability. Let disease once attack it. and as the pickpocket steps down with the words " ten days " ringing in his ears, up comes the poor patient charged ("charged," forsooth !) with being of unsound mind. Why U this thus? Now that we know it to be a purely physical disease, why should the poor invalid bo "charged" with his distemper any more than the magistrate, who may at that same moment be morbidly secreting twice his proper amount of bile ! Whatever may be the wisdom of making as public as possible all investigations into the reality of cases of insanity, it is not wisdom but wit, the wit of happily-wedded incon gruities, which places Jack Dawkins, pickpocket, accused of theft, and our poor suffering friend John Smith, accused of sickness, on the same charge sheet. Isn't it funny T 