\- m v t nggspr CHAPTER XXII. TAKIKO IT QUIETLY. i a reai.fi iff BV THE AUTHOR OP "LADY AUDLF.v's SECRET,' « ADBOEA FLOVD," &c.;, &C.; L c "If you could know all, Harcourt, as you never can, you might excuse—you might forgive " .. A Harcourt Lowther, very quick at apprehension always, especially so where Ins own interests were concerned, had taken caieful note of these broken sentences uttered by Maude Hillary, and, rowing Loudonwards in the summer darkness, pondered on them long and deliberately, only arousing himself now and then (torn his sombre reverie, in order to express liis profound contempt for some amateur waterman who was just saved from a foul by the superior skill of die youug officer. What did it mean! That was the question which Mr, Harcourt Lowther set himself to answer. " It means something more than than the caprice of a shallow-hearted jilt," he thought, as he rested on his oars and lighted liis cigar. " How pale Rhe grew at sight of me ! That pale, agonised look in her face was real despair. 'If I could know all!' she said. All ichat / There's a mystery somewhere. Maude Hillary is the last woman in the world to throw over a poor lover for the sake of a rich one. The sentimental girl, who was ready to keep her engagement with me at the sacrifice of her lather's fortone, would scarcely marry a clownish rustic for the sake of his thirty thousand a year. Besides, these heiresses, who have never known what it is to have a wish denied them, are the most romantic creatures in creation, and cherish Bublimely absurd ideas upon the sordid dross question. No, I cannot think that Maude would be influenced by any mercenary con siderations—and yet how else t" The villas and villages on the river-banks flitted past htm like phantom habitations in the dim light The flat shores of Battersea ; the dingy roofe and chimneys of crowded Chelsea and manufacturing Lambeth; the bridges and barges; the low-lying prison, lurktag like some crouching beast upon the swampy ground, shifted by as the oars dipped in the quiet water, while Harcourt Lowther's wherry sped homeward with the tide. But all the length of his water-journey he could find no satisfactory answer to that question about Maude Hillary; and when he relinquished his boat to its rightful owner at a certain landing place in Westminster, he was still undecided as to the meaning of those broken phrases which had dropped from tha lips of the merchant's daughter iu the first monent of surprise and emotion. " I dare say it is the old story after all," he thought, as he walked towards the Strand, in the purlieus of which ha had taken up his quarters. " Lionel Hillary, being as rich as Croesus, is determined that no poor man shall profit by his daughter's fortune. Water runs to the river, and Maude's dowry mil go to swell that old Cornish miser's savings. It's only my usual luck. I am engaged to a beautiful woman with a hundred thousand or so for a fortune, and I find a victorious rival in the man who cleans my boots." But Mr. Lowther had not settled the question even yet. Lying awake and feverishly restless in his loalging in Norfolk Street, Miss Hillary's pale face was still before him, the sound of her imploring tones was per- petually in his ear. - " 'If I knew all, I might forgive, I might excuse!' There must have been some meaning in those words, some secret involved iu them. .Surely, if her father had forced this marriage upon her, after (he manuer of some tyrannical old parent in a stage-play,—surely, if that had beeh the case, she would have candidly told me the truth; she would have pleaded the best excuse a woman oau have. There must be .some secret reason for this marriage, and I must be a consummate fool if foil in getting to the bottom of the mystery." Mr. Lowther breakfasted early tha next morning, and dressed, himself with his accustomed neatness before going but. He had no body-servant now whom he could badgerahd wonjy when ttio world went hard with himj or $hat , individual would most assuredly have paid the penalty of Miss Hillary's broken faith. Harcourt Lowther, the votwgor eft'lwJSft pp&i;^vk&jvpfcpjiy; a valet. He had grown weary pf waiting for promotion in the army, as he had sickened of -hoping for advancement at the bar, and had sold his commission. The world -was all before him.ittow,^ tt W^wh aftveh yeife ago, ^jbeu, he had first looked about hiiu for a profession. The world; iWamllbfefore him, and his onp,$hauce ©T IBrfctipe^e possibility of a marriage with jM^Hiihwjy, seemed entirely loatto him. It strange if his- spirits sank before the dismal blankness of jtho'ptospect Whifch hP #&teniplfttod; that 7/ ' .•.•re-. Il-.v ••)!"//•••' •>• • ondon eggs and lodging-house toast and offee. j He went out a little after twelve o clock, hailed the first prowling hausotu heencountered n the Strand, and ordered the man to drive to certain street in the City, sacred to the stockbroking and money-making interests. Here he alighted, dismissed the cab, turned into a narrow court, still more entirely sacred to stockbroking, and entered a little office, where there was a desk, two or three horeehair chairs a great many bills hanging against the wall, all relating to the stockbroking interests, and a six-foot screen of wooden panelling, dividing the small outer office from a laiger inner office. Mr. Lowther walked straight to this screen, and standing on tip-toe, looked over into the second office. A gentleman with sandy whiskers, a light overcoat, and a white hat, was standing at a desk, and jotting some pencil memoranda upon the maigins of a file of documents, which he was turning over with a certain rapidity aud precision of touch peculiar to a man of business. « Cau you spare a quarter of au hour of your valuable time from the calculation of last year's prices for the Fiji Island Grand Junction Stock in order to devote it to the claims of friendship V' asked Mr. Lowther. The clerks smiled as they looked up from their desks; and the gentleman in the white hat dropped his pencil, and lun to a little wpoden door iu the partition, over which Harcourt Lowther's hat made itself visible. " My dear Lowther!" he exclaimed, presenting himself iu the emal'er offic, and stretching out both his hands towards the intruder; " this u- a surprise; I thought you were at the Antipodes." " Yes, that's the way of the world," answfered Mr. Lowther, rather peevishly; "a mau is banished to some outlandish hole at the remotest end of the universe, ergo he's never to return to the civilized half of the globe." " But it seems only yesterday when " " And that's another cruel thing a man's frieuds eay to him when he does turn up in the civilized hemisphere," interrupted Mr. Lowther. " ' It seems only yesterday when you left us;' that is to Bay, life has been so pleasant and rapid for us, amidst all the gaities a«d luxuries and successes of the most wonderful city in the world, that we are utterly uqablc to believe in the dreary months and yekns that you've had to drag ontt poor devil, in your hole on the other side of the line. That's what a fellow's friends mean when they talk their confounded humbug about it's only seeming yesterday." Harcourt Lowther's City friend was not the most brilliant or original of men when you took him away from the stockbroking interests. He stared blankly during Mr. Lowther's discontented remarks upon the selfishuess of mankind. " Haw! that's good. Meant no offence by allusion to yesterday ; only meant that I was jolly glad to see you, you know, and so on But, you see, a follow turning up iu the City when you've been given to understand that he's in Van Diemeu's Laud is rather a surprise, you know. Can I do anything for you t I'll tell you what, old fellow ; I can put you up to a good thing in the Etruscan Loan,—-panic prices,—nine per cent, and certain to turn up trumps in the long run. Mr. Lowther smiled bitterly. " Do you suppose that I've any money to invest; or that if I had money, I'm thfe sort of man to sink the glorious principal for the sake of 6ome miserable dribblings in the way of interest 1 No, my dear Wilderson, you can do me a good turn, but it's in quite another direction. Just step this way." He put his hand on his friend's shouldeT and led him to the door loading into the court. Here, safely out of the hearing of the clerks -at work in the inner office, Mr. Lowther lowered his voice to a confidential tone. " Wilderson," he Raid, I think you know Loinel Hillary, the Australian merchant I" " Hillary and Co. 1" exclaimed Mr. Wilderson,—" I should flatter myself I did." " I want you to tell me all about him—how he stands—how he lias stood for some t}me st; in short, all you know about him." The stockbroker pulled his hay-ooloured whiskers thoughtfully, and shook his head. 't These sort of things are rather difficult to knowhe said, " but a man may have his thoughts about'em.*' And what jour thoughts ? Hang it, imm, speak out. Ypu talked just now of being^ ready to serve me. You can servo me in this matter, if you choose." Mr. Wilderson shrugged his shoiildevs, and again pulled his whiskers in aieflective mood. j '"Dear boy," he said presently, " come out in to the court/' Evidently in Mr. Wildorson's mind the $ouk was as soine primeval forest, Vvherein no listener's earapould penetrate. Out in the court the stockbroker hitohod his arm through that of Harcourt Lowther, and bdgan to discourse upon Lionel Hillary; or auuu v , M"Mr7 WUder80n to designate low, confidential voice, aud Haroourt Lowther's feU a little as lie listened.- One tJung was made clear to the ex- offiper, and that was, that Lionel Hillary's iaflaire had been hintpd at b^ the knowing ones as rather shaky; that there f had been even whispers of that awful word, ''suspension;" but that soruehow or othtt Hillary and Co. had contrived tb right themselves'; and thatM-wjas supposed by theafbrt- ' said kno«*ing * »that the Auatraliatr merchant had found a wealthy-backet. "There's fresh blood been let into- hi» business, you may rely upon it, dear boy, said Mr. Wilderson. "1 know that he wm in Queer Street last Christmas. Bills referred to drawer, and that sort of thing. Tbe banhert were begining to got shy of his paper. I heia a little of it myself, and a deuced deal pf trouble I had to plaut it." This and much more to hear did Harcourt • Lowther seriously incline. Then he e.ked Mr. Wildercon to dine with him at a certam noted establishment in the Strand, and left the court very grave and slow of step. « So my lovely Maude is not a millionaire's daughter after all," he thought. " And my friend Hillary has been dipping his capacious paw into Francis Tredcthlyn's purse. 1 ought to have known that half these reputed rich men are as rotten as a pear. So this is the explanation of my simple Maude's heroics. Poor little girl, she has been the pretty fly with which that accomplished angler, Lionel Hillary, has whipped tbe stream for his big gudgeon I Any little card I may have arranged to play for myself has been very neatly taken out of my hands; aud I find my friend provided with a needy father-in-law and, au extravagant wife. However, I dare say there's some small part left for me to play; aud perhaps the best thing I can do is to take it quietly." Harcourt Lowther's servant! The man to whom Maude Hillary was now engaged had once been the valet of her discarded lover. This could scarcely be a pleasant thought to any young lady early imbued with all the -ordinary prejudices of society. Miss Hillary was not a strong-minded woman; she could not console herselif with a neat aphorism from Burns to the effect that " a man's a man for a' that;" and to her Harcourt Lowther's revelation seemed feruelly ' humiliating. She had heard of young womfift " in her own position marrying grooms, ot perhaps even footmen, for love, and she had shuddered at the very idea of their iniquity. But was in not quite as degrading to many a valet for money, as to elope with a groom for love I "He blacked Harcourt's boots J" thought poor Maude; and it is imposible to describe i the utter despair expressed in that brief sentence. She met her lover with a very^palB face the next day, and, seating himself in his accustomed place by her embroidery frame, Francis Trodethlyn saw that there was something wrong. Alas! poor—Francis, he had already learned to watch every change upon that beautiful face; already, before the marriage vows had been spoken, all the - miserable tortures of doubt had begun to prey upon his devoted heart. She had promised to uiarry him, but she had not promised to love ; him. He remembered that, . She had given herself to him in payment of her father's debt She had sacrificed herself iu accordance with the loyal instincts of her noble nature. Francis, generous aud loyal himself, could understand this, much better than it was understood by Lionel Hillary, for whose sake the sacrifice was made. There were times when the young man, reproached himself for his selfishness in accepting the supreme :desin> of his soul. Ought he not rattier to have wrestled Witto himself and let this bright young creature gol Bu|i there were other times when Francis Tredethlyn suffered himself to be beguiled' by -delicious hopes. Hail not true apd honest. lovp. sometimes triumphed over >circumstance i Might not the day come when Maude Hillary would be able to return his affection, to reward hiSjpatlencel <?! can afford to be jpaHeiit," he thought; "forit wilf be ^hiappmMStpVeher^Yi, To- pay, patching her palp ifwo in pensive contemplation, Fmucis puzeled himself vkinly t to gUffis what was amiss with his protbtod Wfe." It was not only that she was paler than usual, -rapid the brightness of Her colour had faded verjr much of latej—fbut to-pay, tji'ore yfas »!' shade of coldness - in hor manner wlwh wasqyite uew to her aflianced husband, and whitfh . sent a chill to his hgart, always ready to sink under «oue v«ffl^*0prehen«ion where Mai^le Hillary' was /fcflwc^rtied. Wo hold th&e; aujAejne joya'of life 1 ty t»o 'slehdfer k'thiejicl, that" half 'frftf dbli^ m nibm fe's^tp^byi the d&ad;^ of theft possible low- ;'! .he said by-aud-by, afterim'^ •U commonplace '-phrases, -etid aftar he had" tvafohed hier for some 1 mltitttoa% tiilphcb, • - i( K!-!p; i- ':•'!' I'-- Ill ' • •.!>'!'' .-!,„/ (JH am sure there is something >amUs with you to-day. You are ill—you——" , " Oh,up, not ill Duly a little worried." " Worried—out about what I" " I heard something about you last night, Mr. Tredethlyn," said MIBB Hillary,—it was the first time she had called him Mr. Tredethlyn since their engagement,—" something which you never told me yourself. Mr. Lowther,—a friend of papa's, who has just ; come hoin^from Van Dieman's Land, told me —that—that—you had been-—" " His servant! Yes, Maude, it is quite true. I wits a soldier, and I was obliged to obey orders. I was ordered to attend upon Ensign Lowther, and I did my best to serve him well. When I enlisted in her Majesty's service, I had all sorts - of foolish fancies about fighting and glory, but they all dwindled down to the usual routine. No fighting, no glory no desperate attacks upon Indian fortresses, no scaling walls to plant the British flag upon the enemy's ramparts; but any amount of drill and hard work, and a discontented fine gentleman to wait upon." A flood of crimson rushed into Maude's face as Francis said this; but the young man's head was drooping over the embroidery frame, and he was trilling mechanically with the loose Berlin wool lying on Miss Hillary's can vas. " I am afraid you think it a kind of degradation to you, that I should have been a servant, Maude ?" he said presently. " You never told me " " No—I told you I had been a private in the 51st The other business was only a part of my duty." Maude was silent for some moments after this. She sat looking dreamily out of the window, 'while Francis still twisted the Berlin wools in his strong fingers. Maude was the first to speak. " Was it Air. Lowther you meant just now, when you spoke of a discontented fine gentleman 1" she asked, with some slight hesitation. " Yes; I never served any other master. Ensign Lowther was horribly discontented. He was one of those men who can't take things easily; but I can understand a good deal of his peevish restlessness now. I can sympathize with him now, Maude." His voice grew low and tender as he said this. " Why f asked Miss Hillary, rather coldly. "He was in love, Maude,—an unhappy attachment, as I understood, to some lady—an heiress, I think—whose money was a hindrance to a marriage between them." From the beginning to the end of this con versation Maude Hillaiy's thoughts had been employed in debating one question—should she, or should she not, tell her future husband that Harcourt Lowther was the man to whom she had been previously engaged t He knew of that broken engagement, but he did not know the name of her lover. Was it her duty to tell him ? It would be very unpleasant to do so; but then duty is so often unpleasant She was still silently debating this subject; the words which she should speak were forming themselves in her mind ; when the drawing-room door was opened, and a servant announced Mr. Lowther. Maude's heart beat violently. Would there bo a scene ? Why had Harcourt come, when he knew ? But Mr. Lowther very speedily relieved her tears upon this subject. Nothing could be more delightful than his manner. He was cordial to his old servant, without attempting any airs of patronage. He could not have been more entirely at his ease with Maude, had he been the most indifferent of first-cousins. Mr. Lowther was only acting up to his determination to take things quietly. He had mot Lionel Hillary in the City that morning, and had surprised the merchant by speaking of Maude'B engagement to Francis Tredethlyn. " But don't alarm yourself, my dear Hillary," he said with a frank smile. " To say that I adored, and do adore, your daughter, is only to admit a fact to which, I dare say, every male visitor at the Cedars would be happy to testify in a round-robin. Miss Hillary is made to be worshipped. I have only been one among a score of worshippers. fif ever I hoped to overcome your very natural prejudice against my disgusting poverty, I nave long ceaBed to hope it; so it was scarcely such a death-blow me to discover what had happened during my exile. Will you let me renew my old relations with your household? Will you let me be one of the moths again ? I know now that the candle will burn, and that its dangerous glare alone, and not its tender warmth, is reserved for me, so I shall have only rnydelf to blame if I come, away with a scorched wing." Mr. Hillaryls only reply to this rather sentimental speech was a hearty invitation to dinner. . " I can riyo you your favourite Rudesheimer with the oysters. Chablis is a mistake, when you can-get good hock. Sham seven, remember; but you may go earlier if you care; for croquet. ,:I daro say you'll find Tredethlyn there." " The poor fellow is very hard hit, I suppose T Mr. Hillary smiled and Bhrugged his shoulders. " I never saw such a devoted creature. Gcod day." The merchant hurri 't off, and Harcourt walked 6lowly away, pcJfiSering as he went. " A. devoted creature. Yes, and there had been new blood let into the commercial an atomy of Hillary and Co. I dare say that poor devil Tredethlyn has been bled to a hideous extent" The dinner at the Cedars went off very pleasantly. What dinner could fail to go off tolerably well, enlivened by Harcourt Lowther, when that gentleman cared to exercise his genius for making conversation I There were other guests at the merchants rouud table; and after dinner people showed an inclination to stroll out of the lamplit drawing-room on to the dusky lawn, and down to the terrace, drawn perhaps by the magnetic influence of the river, which trill be looked at. It happened somehow—I suppose Mr. Lowther himself managed it—that he and Maude were left a little way behind the rest of the loiterers upon the twilit terrace. Ah! how vividly in the memory of both arose the picture of a time long ago, when they had stood there side by side, by the 6ame river, in a twilight calm like this, with the same star glimmering faintly in a low rose-tinted western 6ky! In Maude's breast that memory awakened cruel pangs of shame and remorse! In Harcourt Lowther's breast there was a strangely mingled feeling of bitterness and regret;—bitterness against the Destiny which had given him so tew of life's brightest possessions; regret for the vanished time in which some natural earnestness, some touch of fresh and manly feeling, had yet lingered in his heart " Poor, simple, unworldly Maude," he thought, as he contemplated the girl's pale face, "fwhat a penitent look she has ! and yet if she knew " He smiled, and left the thought unfinished. Then, turning to Maude, he said, with a little touch of melancholy solemnity, worthy of Edgar Ravenswood himself, " Miss Hiliary, let us be friends. If you can bury the past, so can I. We may yet strew sweet flowers of friendship on the grave of our dead love." " And I really don't want to let Francis Tredethlyn slip through my fingersaltogether," Mr. Lowther added, mentally, as a sort of rider to that pretty little speech. Maude looked at him with rather a puzzled expression. "You are very generous," she faltered, embarrassed, and at a loss how to express herself " but—don't you think it would be better for us—to—to say good-bye to each other—for ever ¥ I—I—hope you will marry some one—worthy of you—some one who is less the 6lave of circumstauces than I am. I want to do my duty to Mr. Tredethlyn—and I think it is part of my duty to tell him of our broken engagement" " My dear Miss Hillary, you would never do anything so foolish. Poor Francis is the best fellow in the world, but he is just the man to be ferociously jealous if he once got any foolish crotchet into his head. I have lived in the same house with him, remember, and must therefore know him better than j r ou do. As for saying farewell for ever, and all that kind of thing, your eternal parting reads remarkably well in a novel, but it isn't practicable between civilized people who belong to the same rank of society. Geoigina bids Algernon an irrevocable adieu on Tuesday morning, and there is burning of letters and love-locks, and weeping and wailing in Brompton Cresent; aud on Wednesday evening the same Algernon takes her down to dinner in Westbourne Terrace. We can bury the past iu as deep a grave as you like, and lay the ghost of memory with any exorcism you please, but we can't pledge ourselves not to meet any day in the week in the houses of our common friend." Maude was quite unable to aigue with so specious a reasoner as Mr. Lowther. She did her best to defend her position, and utged the necessity of telling Francis Tredethlyn the whole truth. But Harcourt Lowther overruled her objections, and in the end obtained from her a promise that she would still remain silent as to the name of her discarded lover. CHAPTER XXHI. TIDINGS OP SUSAN. Absorbed in the conflicting tortures and delights of bis bondage, Francis Tredethlyn hod'thought very little of that missing cousin who had once been so near and dear to him. Now and then, when he had been most entirely under the sppll of Maude Hillary^ fascinating presence, the vision of a rosy rustic face, framed in a little dimity bonnet, had arisen suddenly bofore him, mutely reproachful of his forgetfulne83 and neglect, and he had resolved that on the very next day some new steps should be taken in the search for Susan Tredethlyn. But then, on that next day, there was generally some flower-show or matinee musicale, some boat-race at Putney or appointment to play croquet at Twickenham j in short, some excuse or other for devoting himself to Maude Hillary; and poor Susan's rustic image melted away into chaos. But Mr. Tredethlyn was suddenly startled into recollection of his neglected duty by the receipt of a letter from his solicitors, Messrs. Kursdale and Scardon, asking for an early interview, and announcing that they had an important communication to make respecting Miss Susan Tredethlyn, otherwise Miss Susan Turner. An important communication. The Cornishman felt his face grow hot as he read the letter. Susan was found, perhaps, he thought. He had never mentioned her name to Maude Hillary, and now it might be that she would need all the devotion of a loving protector, perhaps even the strong arm of an avenger, at a time when his every thought was absorbed by his approaching marriage. The young man did not wait for auy ceremonious appointment, but hurried off at once to Gray's Inn, and presented himself before Mr. Kursdale, the senior partner. In the quiet office Francis Tredethlyn's hot eagerness tamed down a little before the matter-of-fact manner of the solicitor. There was a sober tranquility in the aspect of the man and of the place, which seemed to have a singularly soothing effect upon all human emotion. The sober little clock ticking on the grey stone mantle-piece—a skeleton clock, exhibiting its entire anatomy to the public eye, and superior to all meretricious adornment—seemed to be perpetually ticking out in the stillness. Let me advise you to take it easily ; let me recommend you to take it quietly; whatever the Law can do for you will be done for you here ; but it must be done in the Law's own way, which is very slow, and very complicated, and rather trying to human patience." Mr. Kursdale received Francis with calm cordiality, and after a few stately compliments proceeded at once to business. " You will remember that my opinion, and that of my partner—for I availed myself of his judgement in the matter,—you will, no doubt, recollect, that after considerable study of the manuscript or journal which you confided to me, 1 came to the conclusion that the writer of that journal had contemplated imposing upon your cousin's simplicity by a mock marriage, a sham ceremonial, performed before some person falsely representing himself to be a district registrar. This opinion was really forced upon me by the wording of the diary. Look at the diaiy in what light I would,— and I assure you I weighed the matter most carefully,—I could not see my way to any other conclusion." " I understand," answered Francis. " I knew the man was a scoundrel I made that out, somehow or other, from his journal. I kuew he meant mischief and treachery upon little Susy; but I couldn't make out what treachery till you opened my eyes to the truth." " But suppose that, after all my care, I was too hasty in forming a conclusion. Suppose that we have been mistaken, Mr. Tredethlyn f" " How do you mean, sir i" " Some days since, I happened to open a drawer which had been unopened for a long time, and hidden under a lot of other documents I found the diary which you entrusted to me. The sight of the manuscript reminded me of you and your missing cousin ; so I suppose it was only natural that I should turn over the pages,—not in the hope of finding any new meaning in them, however, fori had studied them too carefully for that. I turned them over, and while debating the question of a mock marriage, the thought suddenly Hashed upon me that it would be at least very easy to ascertain if any genuine ceremonial had taken place in London. Remember, Mr. Tredethlyn, 1 did not for one moment imagine that there had been a real marriage, and I fully believed that the trouble I was about to take would be wasted trouble. If I had not from the first been firmly convinced that the writer of the diary contemplated a sham marriage, and nothing but a sham marriage, I should, at the outset, have done that which I only did the other day." Francis Tredethlyn's impatience was so very evident, that the lawyer, slow as he generally was, quickened his pace a little as he went on. " I was determined to institute an investigation of the books of every registrar's office in the metropolis duriug the months of January, February, and Match, 1849. I entrusted a confidential clerk with this task, and three days afterwards ho brought me the result of his investigation. On the 27th February, 1849, Robert Lesley was married to Susan Turner, in jbhe office of the district registrar for Morylebone. The registrar's name was Joseph Pepper ; the names of the witnesses were Mary H Banks rod Jemima Banks, of No. 7, Woolcote Villas, St, John's Wood." . - • <» Thank God!" ejaculated Francis Tredethlyn, reverently. " Thank God, for my little Susan's sake, that this man was not the scoundrel we took him for." , «' Whether such a marriage, contracted under a false name, on your cousin's part, and it is very possible, also under a fake name on the part of the writer of the diary,—whether such a marriage might not be open to dispute, is another question. However, the ceremonial, so fer as it went, was genuine, and in any case there would be some little difficulty in setting it aside." *« It shall not be set aside!" cried Francis, " if I have the power to enforce it. Thank God for this, Mr. ICursdale, and thank you for the thought, late as it came, that led to the discovery of the truth." « You must remember, though, my dear Mr. Tredethlyn," remonstrated the solicitor, who was almost alarmed by the young man's eagerness, " you must bear in mind that it is just possible there may have been some other Susan Turner and some other Robert Lesley married in the month of February, 1849, and that this registration may refer to them." " I am not afraid of that," Francis answered, decisively. the man meant to be & scoundrel, I dare say; but my little Susy's artless confidence touched his heart at the very last, perhaps, and he COHM not be such a vil- lain as to deceive her. Rely upon it, Mr. Cursdale, the marriage was a genuine marriage, and I shall live to see my cousin righted, and to divide my uncle Oliver's money with her." Mr. Kursdale stared at his client in blank amazement. "You would—do thatHie asked after apause. " Of course I would. Poor little ill-used darling! The money was hers, every penny of it, by right. I—I meant at first to have restored it all to her; but new claims have arisen for me, and I can only give her half the fortune that should have been her own," The solicitor stifled a groan. " And now how am I to find Susy ?" asked Francis. " This registration business gives us a new clue, doesn't it ?" " Unquestionably. We can, at any rate, hope to find the two witnesses, Mary and Jemima Banks, and from them we may discover your cousin's whereabouts. I'll send a clerk to these Banks people to-morrow." • "Do you know I think I'd rather go and look for them myself,and atonce," said Francis. " I've been very neglectful of Susy's interests lately, and I feel as if I ought to do something to make up for my neglect. I'll go myself, Mr. Krasdale, and try to find out these people. If I fail you must help me to find them. If I succeed, I'll come here to-morrow morning and tell you the result." The young man wrote the address of the people of St. John's Wood in his pocket-book, shook haud6 with his legal adviser, and hurried away; he was so eager to atone for the neglect of the past by the activity of the pre- sent He hailed a hansom in Holborn, and was on his way to St. John's Wood five minutes after he left the lawyers office. He sat with his watch open in his hand, while he made abstruse calculations as to the time it would take him to find the females, Mary and Jemima Banks, extort from them all the information they had to give, drive back to his hotel, reorganise his toilet, and then make his way to Twickenham. Mr. Tredethlyn had grown something of a dandy of late; he employed a Westond tailor, belaboured his ihonest head with big ivory-baicked brushes, and bedewed his cambric handkerchief with the odorous invention of that necromancer of the flower-garden, Monsieur Eugene Rimmel. The big CorniBhman smiled at his reflection in the glass sometimes, wondering at his own frivolity. But it was for Maude Hillary's sake that he brushed his hair laboriously every day, and grew critical in the choice of a; waistcoat. Hie had even hired a man to wait upon him, and had a little regiment of boot- trees in his dressing-room. St; John's Wood proper is perhaps one of the most delightful suburban retreats in which the man can make a pleasant' temple for his lates and jmatei, who, yearning for the' waving-of igrecn trees ebout hw abode, is yet ob- Higod to live 'within ati e&Uy; cab-drive from the City: DoavlittleivillaB, embosomed in foliage ; 8t4tely mansions, towerihg'proudly oiit of half an) iacte-of trihily-kept gerden, invite the wealthy citizen to retirement aud TepoBe. The young lilacs and laburnums of to-day toay re- 'present but pooriy the bosky verdures of the past, but still the Wobd of St. John 1B a cool and pleasantoasisirt tlUJ great arid desert off J London. irmb^' on liappitfMs.'fiunng'which' 'he ewjneraw .the vinou clJses' o m m W ^ H ^ ^ ^ Ifighland chdrih'tffcSl faffm the eldBls whathethoiwht of the dtawMrse." Yoti omitted' ! 6ne ji>f thoi |arge oinfesoi 1 tWjjappy^'re plied the elder-n*' tbfcy who ^pe4iyottr.sermDp»'V,f!;v/ <<;!i i" '.mi: .I -il' : 