DR. CARPENTER ON SPIRITUALISM. Having been claimed by the Spiritualists as one of themselves, Dr. Carpenter has been doing good service by retorting upon them in a couple of lectures at the London Institution upon ' Mesmerism, Odyl ism, Table-turning, and Spiritualism, considered historically and scientifically.' He confesses to having allowed himself the habit of attending a first s&ance; merely for observation, and then going home to devise scientific tests to be applied at the next sSanee. In this way be has ' wasted more hours than he would choose to count,' for of course the end was that the spirits were impotent, or that a distinct fraud was discovered. Though Dr. Carpenter rightly calls this waste of time, and almost reproaches himself for it; there are many people who will hold a different opinion. In this case, however, Dr. Carpen ter is in the right. No doubt there are some occasions on which it is desirable to answer a fool according to his folly, to keep him from being wise in his own conceit ; but when he is of the incorrigible kind, it is best to avoid anything that has the appearance of argument with him; or of his delusions. And the case of Spiritualism is eminently one in which it is not proper to hold a parley. If the ineffable stupidity of spirit messages, the obvious stupidity of spirit mediums, the juggling cha racteristics of spirit performances, and the numerous exposures of barefaced imposition, are not enough to shake a dupe's credulity, what reason have we to suppose that he will be amenable to any amount' of argument? And we may-add that if Dr. Carpenter- had had nothing more useful to say than that the so-called-phenomena of Spiritualism' were nothing but deceptions, he would have been very much out of place in the theatre of the London Institution. But the one matter for serious consideration in connexion with Spiritualism is that, being the palpable delusion that it most assuredly is, it-should have taken and' retained such a hold upon- so many thousands of .people, Mesmerism was worthy of investigation on the ground that it was clearly a physical phenomenon, being, in fact, nothing.else than a violent assault upon the nervous system ; but the interest attach-, ing to Spiritualism is psychological rather than physical, and the investigation of delusions— not to find whether they are true, but to find' why they come to be believed — brings us to that border-land between what we call matter and what we call spirit which it is _ the particular function of medico-psychology to explore. In the familiar phenomenon of hugging a delusion there is something more than mere. human pride and human obstinacy.. These, no doubt, as well as an occasional sense of self-interest, enter largely into the sum of the motives, as any one will admit who has ever seen the irritation manifested by any one who is subjected to cross-examination concerning a: ghost story. That person will regard, every question as a reflection on his truthfulness ; he will instinctively do all in his power to make his story symmetrical, and he will now and again hint that if you are going to be so very particular there is no good at all in telling you stories. ' All this is really the personal pique which ? resents cross-examination and puts credit above truth. In the face of an audience largely composed of ladies he was bold enough to say that there is in the female sex a tendency to a sort of enthu siastic yielding to these views, which makes them lend themselves unwittingly, unconsciously, to deception. No one who has ever investigated the wonderful ways of hysteria will fail to recognise the truth of this. Medical men are familiar with the scores of pretended illnesses which they are expected to treat as genuine. The morbid physical self-consciousness which is at the root of these deceptions is in the first instance no doubt a result of the want of proper and healthful exercise of mind and body. —Evening Standard. 