[OWN fDITI0N$ CONVERT OF MERCY. THE Christmas " Exhibition" at the Con- Tent of Mercy, Nicholson-street, came off on Thursday, and the young ladies in the boarding and day school acquitted themselves in a manner alike creditable to themselves and the community. The Archbishop presided, and his Grace was attended by a few of the clergy. The visitors from the laity were not many, being confined to a few of the parents of the pupils. The programme which was gone through included musical selections, vocal and instrumental, from a large number of the best composers, inoluding Coote, Volkslied, Ley bach, Franz Nava, Carew, Ketterer, Clanbel, Wollenhaupt, Barnet, Madame Oury, Viviani, Bossini, W><de, Ed. Hoffman, Mendelssohn, Gounod, Bene Favarger, Donizetti, and Sahee. Taere were also conversations on the Twelve Fruits ol the Holy Ghost, on Australian Botany, Russian History, and Astronomy, the last-named being conducted in French. The execution of the pupils in the instrumental music was precise, careful, and expressive; and the way in which the conversations were carried oat evinced surprising memories on the part of tbosn who engaged in them. The pronunciation of French displayed by the young ladies who took part in the French conversation was correct and pure, and their fluency was surprising in persons so young. The conversation on Bussian history was appropriate and instructive at this time. A poem on the birth of Christ was recited in an early portion of the programme, in a careful ana intelligent manner. The pupils, it may in short, be Baid, were really clever and industrious in all the subjects. A special and interesting feature in the programme was the singing of Borne solos in Italian and French. At the COL elusion of the programme, the prizes were distributed to the more successful pupils by his Grace the Archbishop, assisted by the Sev. W. Quirk, of St. Kilda. Before separating, the pupils, as is customary with them, presented to his Grace the Archbishop a souvenir of the Exhibition of 1877. Those who were present on the occasion must have been struck by the thoroughness and comprehensiveness of a really good Catholic education, such as the pupils of the Sisters of Mercy showed in so marked a way that they were receiving. The class-room, in which the Exhibition • was held, was decorated with festoonB of flowers, and the walls bore specimens of the skill of the pupils in drawing, etc. The visitors were entertained at lunch by the Sisters of Mercy, in their customary hospitable way. 