TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. VICTORIA. (from our own correspondents.) Meleourne, Wednesday. Alt bervice gave notice that lie would ask leave of absence for Mr Casey, to enable him to visit the Paris Exhibition. The Bill to amend the Officials in Par liament Act w;ts read it first time, and the second reading was fixed for to-morrow. In the Church Assembly to-day, there was a long debate on the site for the new cathedral, three sites being proposed — namely, St. Peter's, St. Jamo's, and St. Paul's, the bishop avowing himself in favor of the last. The voting to decide will take place to-morrow afternoon. The Governor visited the Wolverine to day, accompanied by Messrs Berry and W. C. Smith. His Excellency was re- ! ceived with manned yards and the usual salute. ( A deputation, consisting of Mr G. V. ' Smith and others, waited on the Minister j of Public Works, protesting against a pro posed road tlirougli the private land of Mr Martin of the North Ovens Shire. Mr Patterson said lie would direct Mr Rowan, the road engineer, to make proper enquiries. A gentleman recently arrived in the colony authorised to purchase a large quantity of red-gum sleepers for the Indian Government, but he found the pvnm-M I duty was prohibitive, and the purchases I therefore would not be made in this colony. Li the Assembly, Mi Gaunson asked if the Government intended to take action in reference to the report of the Elections j and Qualifications Committee concerning the administration of the Lands Depart- | ment under Mr Gillies. Mr Berry said it w;is not usual to appoint a Royal Com mission during a recess, but if- it were I thought necessary lie would do so. Mr j Gillies expressed his intention not to give any evidence before a Royal Commission. I In the case of Cogan v Hosie, in which I tne plaintiil (a miner, from Tasmania) sued the defendant (proprietor of the Turkish baths, Melbourne) for injuries re ceived by the plaintiff while having a bath, when scalding water was poured upon Iris head and neck, instead of cold water. Damages were laid at £500, and I the defendant had paid £100 into court. I The jury found for the defendant, so that the plaintiff only gets the £100 paid into court, and lias to pay Iris own and defen- 1 dant's costs. j A good looking young woman, named Caroline Simpson, with a baby in arms, was charged at the City Court with I bigamy. It tvas alleged that she tvas I married to Charles Simpson in July, 1875, I and. to EdAvard B. Dunne, son of ex-judge I Dunne, in April, 1876.- She was remanded I to Fitzroy, where the second marriage I took place. The Ice Company made £230 profit during the Avinter season, and a. dividend I of 5 per cent, for the season Avas declared. I The hay harvest is now Avell advanced in most of the districts. The crops are I generally good. The Tasmairian Iron and Charcoal Com pany have collapsed, after spending £90,000 in attempting to make malleable iron. . . Mary Anne Gately, Avife of the common hangman, and her sister, Avere sent to gaol I for a month for improper conduct Avitli sailors on the Avliarf. The Elections and Qualifications Com mittee, after over two hours "deliberation ' to-day gave, their decision .as follows Jonas Felix Levin has not been duly ffiected for: Barwon, - and- the -election'-" fpr Barwon is null and void-... Costs ,to be I awarded to Ince, the petitioner. " Tlie re- siilt : is that . a new election must 'take' place,... ; : The body of Samuel P. Odell, a«ed 25 employed in the office of '.T. Jacques Martm and Co., insurance agents, Avas found in the . Yarra this morning. De ceased had been missing since . Tuesday Aveek, when heknocked up J osepli Brown, of the Town Hall Hotel, arid asked him to take charge of a life policy, being then under the influence of drink. Odell had vron a considerable sum at the races, but Ins accounts have been Edited and found correct. The body shows " no signs of violence, but the -watch of deceased wak pnssmg,, as .welL a&;some:'m6nev :he"Avas' tooAyn to.lmveiionarisipersbftat the 'time' ' of his disappearance. It is supppsed to be a case of suicide, but the reasons are inexplicable. The man avIio committed suicide by throwing himself in front of the train on the Sandhurst and Ingle wood raihvay, has been identified, as a carter named Hale, residing at Eagleluuvk. He had been drinking heavily. The jury found a ver dict of suicide, but that there Avas no ea'idence to sIioav the state of mind of deceased. The fortnightly escort from GippslancI brings over 3000 ozs. of gold. A saddler at Talbot lias been fined for raffling a saddle. Several scoundrels at Maryborough have j been amusing themseh'es by dressing themselves up as ghosts, and frightening j women. j The weather last night xvas very threat ening, and there wore several slight | showers this morning, but the clouds have now cleared off, and it is fine xvith a cool breeze. The Richard Green's cargo of sugars was sold by auction to-day, aud realised £34 to £34 15s for medium to fine. Yellows, £35 ; fin graining, £36. For low whites, j £33 I5s to £37 5s ; for medium to fine large graining, brewing crystals. Bread- stuffs unaltered. Feeding grains still xery stiff at extreme rates. At the Aveekly stock sale, 18,000 fat sheep yielded ju'iues at about last week s quotation. 6,500 fat lambs were yarded, and prices Avere down from Is to' 2s per head. 1127 fat bullocks Avere offered, a greater part from Northern Queensland in good condition, considering the length of the journey prices, being about the same as last week. 