LONDON TOWN TALK. '(From our own correspondent.) LONDON, Jan. 19. There is a good deal of difference of opinion regarding the reported conduct of Messrs. W. H. Smith and Son in prohibition the sale of a certain newspaper, infamous for its personal paragraphs, at their bookstalls. She measure is, undoubtedly, a high-handed One, and full of danger from the fact of the head of the firm taking so pronounced a part in politics. But at the same time the incident has taken place on no political grounds), indeed, the paper was a sporting one, but solely on account of the libellous character of the published matter. It is easy of course, contemptuously to compare this act of the great Smith with that of the Third Napoleon, who used to "warn" the Parisian press (just as happened in this instance), and on the next offence after that hint to " suppress" the obnoxious organ ; but the fact is that some sort of check upon the personalities of our press has become absolutely necessary. It is becoming ["Americanised" in the worst sense. An article in the Cornhill this month upon the subject will be read with interest ; but it only appears to public feeling, some of which is, unfortunately, in favour of "garbage" of this kind. However, the action of Messrs. W. S. Smith and Son has, I think, had a whole- some effect upon the tone of those papers the avowed intention of which is to treat of those private matters with which heretofore the press of England has honourably abstained from meddling. At all events, the tone of the new candidate for " social" of a year, 'JMaufair and Truth, is at least more decent than was expected from thomas dream Stance which has made them also a little dull. Truth, so far from being stranger than Fiction," may indeed be almost described as Truth without novelty." its opposition to the world, though not manifested in a direct manner, reminds one of the rival papers of JEatanswill, in Pickwick. Whatever one praises the other attacks. For example, The Times and the Lord Chief Justice have been the especial and almost the only objects of the World's eulogy ; we accordingly find in truth a violent tirade against them. In the Batter journal the characteristics of the press operator, Mr. Labouchere who boldly pro- claims his identity-are amusingly manifest. He was in Paris during the siege, therefore Paris is dwelt upon at unusual length ; he wrote a book describing his experiences, therefore there is an article against the publishing trade ; he is fond of games of chance and skill, therefore there is a long and, it must be added, very interesting account of White's Club. The on dits are built exactly upon the lines of those in the World, and if not very offensive, are not very amusing. A general hope is expressed that, like the Christmas number of the magazines, the multitude of these " personal" publications may in the end have a good effect, namely, that they may all strangle one another. It seems hard that Reynolds' Newspaper should be proscribed, while ribaldry of a more fashionable kind should be encouraged and Reynolds is really sometimes very funny. Much interest," says the Morning Post, ''will be felt in the announcement, which -We have authority for making that the hereditary Grand Duke of Mecklenburg Strelitz is about to marry Princess Elizabeth, eldest daughter of the Duke of Anhalt DeBSau." This fashionable intelligence re- appears in the print alluded to with the following interrogative heading-" Who the deuce are they 5 " One comfort is left to quiet folks-the roar of Kenealy is hushed, or if it is not, nobody listens to it. He has given up his rooms at Gray's Inn without his threatened! appeal he has quarrelled with his own 'Magna Charta Association, he has broken with his beloved Onslow, and nobody Ss moved when he announces that the British nobleman languishing in Dartmoor is growing thin. There is a new governor, Who knows not Joseph, and puts him in the common conversational cage, with a warder between him and his friends, when they come to condole with him. Mr, Kerslake's long Winded letter to the papers about the fate of cattle Bella" and the new survivors that have been discovered, has fallen quite flat. The Same is up. | It seems that it is natural to "claimants to titles to be " cheeky" and indecorous. There was a scene in the sacred precincts of Holt road the other day, on occasion of the customary election of Scotch peers to sit in the House of Lords, that was quite worthy of Wapping. It seems that there are two Sales of Mar, one of them admitted to be such by law, the other resting his claim to that rank upon the eternal principles of truth, and justice. It was this latter gentleman, of course, who was troublesome. He would sit at the voting table, and protested against his rival's being there, and altogether made things very uncomfortable. 'Jj'o give you an idea of his audacity he had got him self and wife presented at Court as Earl and Countess of Mar, and the poor Lord Chamberlain could only denounce the thing after it had happened. It seems that claimants to Scotch titles are as plentiful as blackberries or let us say wild strawberry leaves-for protests were also handed in against the Earl of Eglinton and Breadalbane,' It is fortunate that the noble electors of Holyrood -do not go to business after dinner and teddy, or there would be pretty scenes in that historical edifice. Their manners certainly have not that repose which stamps the caste of Vere de Vere." The French are rapidly falling in the scale of nations. They have become imitators even in crime, in which they were once went to exhibit such ingenious originality. All Paris has been flocking to the morgue for the good taste of the population is just what it always was-to behold the body of the Widow Belange, which has an "extraordinary appearance about the eyes " She was murdered and cut to pieces by a M. Billoir, after the Harriet Lane pattern but remain. fearing how that unhappy woman's hair betrayed her identity, be shaved his victim's head. Notwithstanding this precaution, the crime has been brought home to him ; but there is little doubt, considering the peculiar character of the case (which is most dia- bolical), that there will be " extenuating cirCumstances The mania for rinks and rinking is rapidly flying out, though from the sums expended on furtherance of the pastime one would have thought folks expected it to last for ever. The fact is the few old people who were foolish enough to try it have broken their legs, and the number of agile youth of both sexes who can spare the time and money to link in the daytime is limited. Moreover, it soon began to be understood that a rink (in London at least) was not quite a place for young ladies. (Even the exclusive Prince's Club, you may remember, was cruelly entitled a Home for Falling Women.) There is one exception, however, to the general depreciation of this announcement. The Thames floating bath at Charing Cross has been turned into a real ice rink upon real Water, and does really attract the genuine skater, who up to this time has regarded Jinking as a foxhunter looks on a pack of (beagles pursuing the trail of a red her. sing. To all persons who imagine that riches mean happiness I would recommend the perusal of Mr. Le Hunt's case in our law reports. This unhappy Croesus was persecuted by the friendship of a certain baronet, Who was wont to appear by his bedside every morning like a belated ghost, and insist upon this drinking champagne cup and writing cheques. The breakfast of this pair of worthies consisted of "hot pickle sandwiches," St condiment unknown to me even by name. 3 have heard of a young gentleman of the town who took for his morning meal a pickled walnut and a glass of green curacoa; but that was an exceptional occurrence. In Mr. le Hunte's case the thing was as much his habit as "scream tremens. The "self denial and asceticism of the cloister " are beginning to be a little bus needed. The late Cardinal Antonelli, who, the Ultramontane organs informed us, contented himself, prince of the church though he was, with an income of £800 a year, most of which went in works of charity, most have had almost a miraculous gift of making a little money go a great way, since he has left behind the finest collection of mineral logical specimens in the world. He has also left a rich natural daughter, who is causing some scandal in disputing the rights of in- heritance with his brothers. A piece of great good fortune, and at the very nick of time, has happened to the citizens of the United States, in the discovery of a soap mine in California. We cannot imagine anything more opportune than this during their great political crisis, and when there is so much discussion as to whether their doctoral System will " whiz," or not. " Mr. my hands dirty or air they clean 7" was (you remember your Afariiri Olmzzleioit) the question always put by an American to express the singleness of his moral aims. The answer need now be only given one way. Moreover, since the prosperity of the other mines of the country is mainly dependent upon this substance for without soap bona- fide shareholders would be hard to get indeed-a great increase of national wealth should be expected. ThiS "native" production is described as " marbled or parti-coloured, like Castile soap." Its existence was discovered from detached pieces falling into a stream which led from the mine, and giving to it an appearance of a natural father. So it is possible that not only soap, bat shaving water, may be tanned and exported ready for use, Before one enters upon a career of martyrdom it is absolutely necessary to possess a name not open to ridicule. If Mr. Tooth, the Ritualist, were the most exalted character of the ago it would be impossible for him to stem the tide of ridicule that plays about him. Suppose an Englishman of the name of Buggins-even a Cardinal Buggins should be made Pope, what other Englishman even the most devout of Catholics would care to kiss his toe ? Mr. Tooth is never mentioned as "Tooth" pure and simple; he is the "Tooth that ought to be pulled out, the hollow Tooth," the Tooth that must be stopped." Even if his ways were not funny to begin with which they certainly are-he could never make head against these showers of contemptuous fun. The Ritualists do not understand, of course, how ridiculous their behaviour is to those to whom it is not offensive ; but it is the height of folly in them to join their faith to their present idol. Let them subscribe a few pounds to buy him letters patent to enable him to change his name, and then run him again for the same stakes, like the whitewashed three year old in Yorkshire. As matters stand, he has not a fair chance from the starting post. It must have been at St. James's, Hatcham, or some similar place where such antics are practised, that a lady of my acquaintance took a servant some time ago, whom she had lately imported from the Highlands, " Weih Jeannie," inquired she as they walked home together, "and how did you like the ser- vice?" "Eb, madam, it was beautiful; but what an awful' way of spending the Sub bath " After the ladies have retired, and politics set in, the Eastern question looms large at every dinner-table, and bids fair to establish the doctrine of Eternal Punishment. There are now and then, however, some scintilla, tions in the gloom ; one sympathiser with the Turk was remarking the other night that no good could be expected from a nation like the Russians, so barbarous that it devoured tallow candles. "My good friend," said his opponent, " they are only a light refresh- ment," The following shaving from the mahogany board is even better. A well-known climber of the Alpine Club, though by no means oued, has given way to time and corpulence so far as to eschew his favourite exercise. He still visits, however, the scenes of his old triumphs at the proper season, presides at the public table at Chamouni and elsewhere, and is listened to with respectful attention. On this a contemporary of his, who still climbs, remarked to me the other day that poor Jones had fallen into'histaoíeíWií/t'c age." Sir Arthur Guinness, the Dahlia brewer, who lately sold his share of the business carried on in his munn for one million of money, is said" to have been offered a peerage which he has declined. Having a turn for epigram, he conveyed his refusal to the Prime Minister in the following lines : " Your kind IntontlonB I must damp, i 1 The Game of Rank 'is not worth my candle, It is, sir, but the guinea stamp ; My honest power needs no handle." You remember, no doubt, dear Charles Lamb's essay Upon Roast Pig, and the round about system the Chinese employed to procure that dainty dish. Hardly less expensive a mode of taking a little brandy, is it seems, in vogue in the London Docks. Daring an inquest on a labourer who had died of drink, it came out that it is the custom on the Spirit Quay, when a case of Cognac arrives " to tumble it about until a bottle is broken, and then to Buck the liquor through the crucial" Mr, Weston, the American walker, has, it seems, given up the noble principles on which he started " to take neither fee nor reward,'' and only to render his humble services to the cause of science," since I see him advertised for a match, with an Irishman, for the first week of April next, for no less a sum than £1,000, The Irishman's , name, O'Leary, is a little suggestive, but I believe that articles have been already signed, and that the affair will be a bond fide one. At present it seems a big thing to challenge a man whom it took three Englishmen one down the other come on to beat at the Agricultural-hall. How much is a million ? It is easily written down in figures, but it would take weeks to count it, nor can any one have any definite idea of its amount, save by Borne practical usage such as Mr, Galton gives in his book on hereditary qualities, called from the blossoms of the chesnuts in Bushy-park. Yet 30 families in Europe are computed to be in the receipt of 12 million pounds sterling among them. In Russia there is no civil list ; the Czar has the absolute control of all money raised for state purposes in his dominions, and is said to annex for his own use nearly five millions, Compared with this income our own Royal Family's modest allowance of £700,000 a year seems a fleabite. The German Emperor has 20 millions per annum at his disposal, and the Emperor of Austria about a million. The Prince of Monaco is not the poorest of sovereigns' though his only source of income is a gaming table ; but his subjects number less than 6,000, whereas those who owe allegiance to Queen Victoria are no less than 237 millions of human beings, of whom 139 millions are Hindoos and 40 millions Mahommedans. I believe that these figures are facts, and if so, they are curious. It is astonishing what dirty and unpleasant places still exist under the direct attention of the law in England. At one of our universities, where science was much encouraged at one time (perhaps to remove a general im- pression that nothing was taught there but, Latin and Greek), an enthusiastic student kept a dead donkey in his rooms so long that it was eventually taken away in pairs ; but it was taken away. Now, in London, if you get a licence for a private school of anatomy, you may keep anything for any time. A poor lady applied at the Guildhall the other day for protection against a nuisance of this kind which was next door to her. She could not open her windows because of a dead baboon which has been polluting the atmosphere for weeks. The magistrate told her he was very sorry, but that the establishment complained of was " duly licensed." Regret has been often expressed that humour is becoming extinct in England that genial sun and its consequence, "laughter holding both its sides," expired with poor Charles Dickens. In order to supply this obvious void" (as the prospectuses of the new magazines say in our social system, some person or persons are introducing practical jokes hoaxes. A poor little gunboat was sent into the Bay of Biscay last month by a forged telegram from the Admiralty. It seemed so like Ward Hunt" that nobody doubted the genuineness of the order, and was almost lost with its baby (the gun). And last week a marriage was stopped at the very altar in a country town by the receipt per wife of this tremendous intelligence -" Stop wedding : R 's wife and children have arrived in London," The excitement caused by this intelligence was more than considerable, and of course nobody believed the protestations of poor R. There are some people that wish to abolish whipping. For my part, I think it the only punishment fitting for such offenders as these. Scarcely less abominable is the system pursued by that " enterprising" firm of wine merchants who send you a dozen of champagne at Christmas, and ten days afterwards (when you have drank it forward the bill, which WPS omitted by inadvertence when the hamper was despatched." I would see them very much further than Jericho before I paid for it, out, quite independently of any fancied liability, imagine the distress one would cause one's rich relatives by writing to thank them for their anonymous gift for who likes to be reminded of their duties 7 My fear is that the knowledge of the prevalence of this dodge will cause crafty persons to be guBbingly grateful to their friends, when they have in reality received nothing, in hopes to draw from them some balm for the disappointment I, however, though rich, am also by no means wanting in sagacity, and they won't catch me that way. If a cat has nine lives, a boy must have 19. Six lads, from 10 to 13 years of age, have been travelling in a truck on the Great Western Railway for three days without food. They were playing in the goods yard at Plymouth, when hearing a policeman shout at them, they hid in the truck and went to sleep in the night the truck started for Penzance but was shunted at Truro, and eventually went on to Bristol, where its wretched and terrified occupants were discovered still alive, I remember a young gentleman at school at Swindon who thought he would see life in London, but having no money even to buy his railway ticket concealed himself under a seat in a first-class coupe, intending to throw himself on the good feeling of his fellow-passengers to keep his secret. Un. happily a pair of lovers took their places in it, and he felt that to announce himself, after being witness, or at least audience, to their little endearments, would be embarrassing to all parties. He remained therefore quite quiet, but very cramped, until they reached Paddington, and before he could leave the carriage it was placed on the turn- table and taken back to Swindon. He was there brought before the magistrates for travelling without a ticket, and only handed over to his schoolmaster upon the (quite un- necessary) understanding that he should be whipped. To what ignoble uses may things come be- laid the dust of Ciosar ! The landing. stage need by the Great Eastern at Sheerness, and commonly called (in the dockyard book) Lighter No. I, was once named " the Royal Escape," and is said to be the very vessel which did England the good service of help- ing James II. to get out of the country. The Weekly Dispatch foreshadows the for. mation of " a third party " in the House of Commons, composed of advanced Liberals only, who will have no dealings with the Hartington lot." Though I am myself tolerably " advanced," I adhere to the simple truth that half a loaf is better than no bread ; but what amuses me in this programme is the following statement: "O such a party Sir Charles Dilke would certainly be a conspicuous member, and Mr. Fawcett would only have himself to blame if he did not hold honourable rank in it." This is surely putting the captain below the subaltern. I seem to have a vague suspicion in my mind that I have heard somebody say that the Weekly Dispatch is not altogether unconnected with the house of Dilke. The captain and crew of the bark Pauline have made an attestation before- a magistrate that they have not only seen our old friend the sea-serpent, but in the act of strangling sperm whale with two turns of its body," This is really too much of swollen had-not-seen-it-myself-I-conld-never-have believed-it sort of story. " Very like a whale " and-h sea-serpent The captain and one ordinary seaman" who if he was a landsman we should certainly not call by so derogatory a title-also saw the marine monster rear itself GOft. perpendicularly in the air, and there was plenty more of him where that came from We are told the serpent was " a liar from the beginning," and if he is a sea-serpent, and that goes on consistently to the very end of him, he must be something tremendous in that line. Still, for bounce, I would back the captain and company of the bark Pauline. As where reason is wanting the influence of fashion most prevails, it may bring the anti-vaccinationists to see the error of their ways to learn that the Queen's household all submitted to this dreaded rate last week. No case of "blood poisoning" has as yet been the consequence in Windsor Castle'; A charming instance of that " some, of the pulpit, verbosity "-and it must be added of ignorance-is reported from the Midlands. A town clergyman preaching there in a country parish, took for his theme the parable of the prodigal son. " Remem- ber, he said, " this was no ordinary calf that was to be killed ; it was no calf suffering from murrain ; no half-starved calf Blowing awaiting death. No, nor was it only a fatted calf. It was (the fatted calf, which had been prized and loved in the family for many years!" 