SOUTH AUSTRALIAN MEMS. As au instance of the intense heat during the past week, we notice (savs the IPaliaroo Times) that between Penang and Kadina, nearly all the trees are thoroughly burnt up by the sun, and nothing but dry branches remain. In referring to the recent hot weather, the Kapanda Herald, of December 19, states that at Euduhda not only did the rabbits seek shelter iu the haunts of men, but even the wild birds, which apparently had become stupefied, flew into the houses of the settlers—there to fall and die. We (S. A. Mail) hear that the Government intend to call for competitive designs for offices for the public works aud land titles departments, which it is proposed to erect on the recently purchased acre of land on the east side of Victoriasquare, Adelaide. The sum paid for. the land was $3300. The memorial to his Excellency the Governor in favor of Mr. W. Villeneuve Smith s release from gaol was presented on Saturday, December 10\. It contained 7339 signatures from the general public, including those of 12 members ol Parliament, 43 magistrates, and a large number of professional gentlemen. A separate memorial was also presented, signed by 32 of the leading members of the legal profession. The settlers on the Broughton Extension are badlv off for water, many of diem having to cut it from 10 to 14 miles. The Northern Argm says •—" Everv day a number of farmers witli their teams may be seen at the Broughton Crossing from early morning till late at night filling tanks with water Tor their home supply. On enquiry we M ere informed that as a rule each farmer was occupied two days in every week in procuring water for Lis homestead." The following ease of wanton cruelty is recorded in the 1 T . /'. Advertiser :—There is an inhuman scoundrel at large who deserves the heaviest penalty that can be inflicted for cruelty to animals. A horse belonging to a man at East Moonta came in from the scrub the other day with its mouth tightly tied un with whipcord, so that it could neither eat nor drink. ( utting the cord, the owner found that some monster in human shape bad packed the poor beasts mouth with dung and bits of scrub, and then firmly tied its mouth in the manner described. Travellers between Ivalkabury and Moonta on Thursday last (savs the Y. P. Advertiser) informs us that they saw numbers of parrots beneath the trees that bad fallen dead from the effects or the intense heat. Hundreds of birds perished in the vicinity of covered waterholes and tanks; and the smaller kinds, with a strong instiuct ol sell-preservation, crept into holes in the ground, attempting to hide themselves from the intense heat of the sun. In and around Moonta also tne feathered tribe suffered severely, scores cf domestic fowls havin" yielded up the ghost during the hot weather that we had on Thursday and Friday last. A curious circumstance is thus reported in the Wallaroo paper of December 10 On Wednesday morniug, Mr. Davidson inform? us, betook charge of a ilock of sheep belonging to Mr. West, (lie shepherd being unable to leave his hut through illness. While driving them gently from the Flag Hut, they suddenly made a rush down to the beach near Warburta Point, and ran into the water. After a deal of trouble Mr. Davidson got them all out, and they proceeded on their journev again. In the evening, while taking them home, they again made for the beach, aud Mt. Davidson, having no dogs with him, went home to obtain assistance. On Thursday morning early, three men with their dogs, anil himself 'proceeded to the beach, and after a deal of trouble managed to get the sheep all out of the water. Mr. Davidson informs us that the sheep had plenty of water to drink before starting on the Wednesday morning, so that could not have been the reason of their taking to the water. He thinks it must have been the intense heat which prevailed during the whole of the day. 