THE MYSTEEIlLSrOF - CRIME; i 1^ .-OB5 The *ExTESiEircEs 0s ait EDiBBgBfla ! Detegttve.-hNo. IljlXV. rPubliBhed by special vmaagemmt TriHi'the* L * ^Author.] - * ** - A MAIDEN'S SACRmCEv \- OSequbl a-o 'Found Drowned.'] iFrom fhe top flat of a liigh land at the foot: of Adam-street a '-sick man looked, away across the Queen's Park, with ite= swelling ki^s ^n-* skirting of dark green trees, and out on the glittering sea beyond*. The prospect was loveb/,and Jbright-as the eye fcould wish to dwefl on ; yet when the sick man brought back his eyes they were filled with tears, and -as he turned away a - stifled sigh broke from him, and caught the quick ear of one whom his eyes iiad travelled past. Apce Wood dropped the white seam at which she had stitched so diligently ^ince daybreak, sprang-aip, and was at her father's bedside in a moment. * *- Father— oh, fatal* \- There was a sudden alarA shaTdng^lier as she got i&e;]^royds~oui^ ^idsnegepB^fHdled \--?murifl ^ififfiW^pTfri kissed tie tearsfromhis eyesl .'Strange, as.fa&as; they disappeared 1 thus; they seemed to get into her owtf. ' * . ^Jcrt^dpi^ABce/' broke foj& the fatlier at last, 'You. may as well know the truth soon as later. I will never he better in this world — I knowjt, for I ^Eeel death at my heart.'*' Her hands were away now — away to hide the deathly whiteness that spread over her own face, stopping her teats, and almost the heating of her heart itself. 'No, no, dont say that!' she groaned out. 'I tell you it shall not be; I will work harder, and we will get another doctor — a professor — anything, only you must not die 1' 'It is useless — doctors can do me no good. They do not understand my case,' returned the father, with settled conviction. *' All those young students who come here admit as much, and I heard them say that -the professor hnaself , who has been here, is no clearer on the point.' ' Not all, father. That young man Gor don, though he says nothing to them, and hardly ever looks at you — I feel certain he understands your trouble. He has. hinted as much to me already.' 'That man again !' said the father, with a little testiness. ' Tell me now, Alice, -truly, and once for all, do you like him — love him ?' The answer came, clear and firm — 'I do not. I never dreamt of such a .thing. How could I when I am engaged ?heart and soul to David Wilson?' The slightcloud vanished fromthef ather's ?face, and he drew her gently towards him. ' I am ill, indeed, when I fear for my noble, good lassie,' he murmured, in self jeproach. ' But this is a terrible city for a young girl who is poor and beautiful ; and I,am to die and leave you unprotected ? ' She had interrupted him by laying one finger on his lips, and with the other hand pointing upwards. Her eyes were bright, but her voice quivered as she spoke. ' Father, you are not to die, nor am I .unprotected :' then wreathing her arms about his wasted form, she whispered — u Have you forgotten Mother ?' -Atchoking mumble was the answer. 'Do you remember her last words to me ? '.continued the noble girl, keeping her face close to his, so that he could not see her. tears. 'I could never forget them — no, never while life lasts. They were, 'Alice, in all your straggles — and you may have many— do not forget what I have taught you; remember, death, rather .than infamy.' ' 'My own dear lassie,' murmured the fatherj drawing her closer. /'And the struggles have come, far more terrible than ever she dreamt of, and only left you purer and nobler. Early and late you are at It — working- yourself to a shadow, deny ing yourself every comfort and happiness sforflneT* She had stopped him again in the old ifamiliar fashion, with her finger across his lips, and her answer afterwards came back to Ms memory with a fearful vividness. ' Would you have me a monster ?' was hev gentle reply. ' No, father, it is no struggle to serve you. AH my interests are swallowed up in the one thought — my father. To save you I would give iip all — life itself. For your sake lean even ?be pleasant and smiling when- this young' man appears; for, mind you, lam convinced that he^and he alone, holds your life in his hands. 'You smile; but wait till you are Jietter, and then you will know it.' - vf And yet,' said the father, li in spite of This handsome face and brilliant talk he is a .heartless libertine. I have read that much in Mm.' ...''. ' Ah, but I have read, more,' continued Alice, ' for he has always talked more to me.- His ideas of women are horrible/' and she shuddered as she spoke. ' I thought I would have sunk into the earth when he ?littered them. And yet he only laughed at me, and called me a silly child.' : 'He is a bad man, and you must beware of him, for he may fix his evil eye on you,' . said the father. ** Such men only see fceauty and virtue to crush them ruth lessly.' 'Father, I am safe, as in my mother's bosom/' , and the devoted girl looked upwards with a radiant -face. ' But I must also be brave,, and strong, and ready to endure much for ^your vsake.' Xcbuldnbt face my mother in heaven otherwise.'' '-.. ?„_ . \- ' Ah, the time was when I- needed no such tcharity T doctors 4o ; cpine bungling; -about^me/'-^crisd : the' fatherf~with '-some bitterness, 'rbat those days are gone.now, and I have only-1- — '' ? 'Only xaetiieft 1' jcried the; girl- jwith a bright 'smile, that no gloom could stand against for a moment. ' Only think how ' happy we oughtto. be. having each other — all to ourseiveSi'- ' - ^ '—--* ----- - -- The above conversation, = which I ,have giyen%! nearlyfas possible as it was^after- f ?Hoards detailed to me By thetather, gives the reader a glimpse of the nature and posi tion of the humble Qharacters in this sketch iadfar less space than I would take to de sscribe them. George Wood had been neither thriftless nor improvident, though lie had seen better days. He had simply been visited by heavy misfortunes, as you ?or I may be visited at any time, be^our prospects ever so bright or cheering. And iiis daughter Alice^— I wish I could livelier whole pages instead of a few lines. Her whole life, from childhood up/had been a^ontiriual toU^and struggle of devotion to her father. He had long'been incapable of violent exertion, and latterly, so reduced as to be almost at' death's door, but Ms weak ness only seemed to draw-hint closer to her heart, and call forth her redoubled exertions. Did he crave for wine or any such delicacies as never visited their, humble dwelling?-— then she got them. By what hours of weary toil she got them, God only knows; for I know the pay of a shirt-maker, and cannot find the minutest margin for such things. Y^et they were got-^and* got libnesuy. There was no assistance from without. Of that there was a touching proof, which I may give here. Chance had thrown^ in her yr&y; a young man in every jway worthy of her, and to him. she had givena love that only such, a woman can feel. ?-. Yet, though they we re irrevocably engaged^ wiih the distinct understanding' that they were to be man and wife as soon as her father got -well, neither -father nor daughter would accept the slightest assistance at Ms hands, however delicately oSered. The fact U, thatthe two were brimful of 4bat good old Scotch independence, which no w-a-days is certainly not to be met /with, wery day in; the week/ ' ; 7 ????;???? But now there was a faint brightening in her prospects. ; Among the sJ^identesehtby the Dispensary to visit her father was the v Richard Gordon they had spoken of. In spite of his flashy exterior, bis cleverness, and his wealth — for he was a gentleman's son — I am certain that Alice inwardly abhorred this man, and shrunk from him in unsullied purity as the sensitive plant does froni the human touch. But then he held out hopes of life and health to her father — ah, that altered matters ; she would try at . least to be civil with him. He assured Alice that he but waited for certain symp toms in her fathers case to appear, when he would at once give the dolts who were managing the case the route, and take the sole management himself. Much more than this had passed between them — much that I dare not repeat, and that the poor father could never have dreamt of his daughter having to listen to. The fact is that Richard Gordon, under a fair exterior, was a low, mean scoundrel, whom I wish I could spit before the world's gaze. The beauty of the gentle and devoted Alice had caught his eye, 'and, like a wayward child | coveting a costly flower, he had deter mined to possess it, were it only to crush it ?in his own grasp. The same day, and shortly after the al:ove conversation had taken place, the three students appeared and went through the usual consulation and examination. Eichard Gordon, as usual, took little or no interest in their proceedings, but turned all his attention to the window at which Alice was seated at work. But when the other two noted the fact that the patient was slowly sinking, and in whispers con fessed themselves more puzzled than ever, he seemed suddenly to rouse himself. He left the window and approached the bed, while Aliee wonderingly followed. Little more than a glance at the patient seemed to suffice, and he turned sharply on the other two. ' You admit that you do not understand the symptoms f ' he said aloud. ' Certainly,' stammered the other two, a little confusedly. 'We do not under stand them.' ' Then I will tell you what they nieatfT With your present course of treatment they mean a gradual sinking, ending in death. Nay, don't start, Mr. Wood,' he added to the' alarmed patient, 'for I believe you have thirty or forty years' life in you at this moment. But your treatment must be en tirely changed. From this minute I take tbe case into my own hands— do you both agree ?' 'We agree,' reluctantly answered the otber two students. ' And I attend it alone ?' 'Certainly; as you please.' ' Theu yon need remain no Jonger now. I will go and make up the prescription my self, and return with it at once.' No more was said about it, but as they left he managed to whisper to Alice — 'Be at home when I return; I wish to speak to you alone.' . The words were simple enough, but the look that accompanied them sent a pang of diead to her heart, and the. half-hour was spent in vague and. torturing questionings of herself and her conduct. Had she done wrong in appearing friendly to such a man ? or had she failed to make him under stand distinctly that she was engaged to another ? Strange, even now there was no Joieshadowing of the first terrible sacrifice that she was to be called upon to make. Richard Gordon returned with the re quired medicine in his hand, and an unusual .elation in Ms whole mien. Shortly after the draught had been administered the patient sank into a gentle slumber, and the young man, who had remained watching by the bedside, rose with a smile of triumph. on his lips, and motioned Alice to the door. He drew her out to the deserted stair-head, and there he poured into her ears a rush of sounding nonsense, which doubtless had often been successfully used before, but which only caused the girl before him to shrink back in pained surprise. ' I have told you already that I am en gaged to another,' was her simple reply, as soon as she could get a word in, ' therefore I think the common honor of a gentleman ought to seal your lips on such; a subject to me.' _....-. 'Honor?, who thinks of honor where j love is concerned ?' cried the villian, with well-simulated desperation. ' All is fair in war. I have learned 'to love you, Alice, and possess you I.': will, though the whole world stood in the way.' ,.;- 'You speak rashly., i'^sir/' replied Alice, - cuibiag-the indignation% welling for utter ance in her bosom, y' Did it never strike you that my consent wasnecessary to such * an arrangement ?' _ */~ '.',.' ' ''' ' It did, .' 'Your consent' 1 now ask.' 'I have already shown you 'tiiat.it^ is beyond my -power to confer it,' was the cahn reply; ???'?;. -'? . '? i : '-' Impossible ? that is a f ool/s word !' he hissed but, grasping her slender wrist with ; the force of a vice, and. for the moment ' actually looked the demon that he was. 'There is no such word with me. I will force you to yield !' 'Force? echoed Alice, contemptuously, measuring hinijfroni head to foot. 'I do not understand you, sir.' '? Then I will make my meaning plain to you. Your father's life is in my hands ; if 1 but withdraw my attendance for one day, he will sink and die/' I hope, for the honor of humanity even in its basest forni, that the villain spoke ' the truth— that the whole was not acock- ? ' andrbull story invented to serve his own ends. He was capable of 'lying, and wol'se;.: but the whole thing 'now lies buried far beyond human ken ; \ so I can only Mnt at the possibility, and let the matter drop. ; As for-' ABee, the awful meaning of the word .'force' had broken pn her now in a sudden blaze of 'light: The blood rushed back to her heart, and she staggered back, cowering and sMyering.. * And yet he could smile down on her agonies, and even* attempt to draw her quivering frame towards him. Bat she shook him off, the tears rushed into her— eyes, and her hands were clasped in wild entreaty. . . t ??_..-,-' . ' Oh, you could nsver do that. It would be sheer murder,' she cried. ' Oh say that you were only jesting.'. JB5-'' Ah, you have found^your 'tongue now/' he sneered. ' And call it murder, too : yet you never seemed to think that your re fusal would be death to me/' 'Oh, but you will not do it. You will forgive me,' tearfully replied the girl. ' You will save my fatherland try to forget me, and I will pray for you and bless you till' my dying day.' 'I will do everything but give you up, was the callous reply. 'There is a rival. I don't know that he is anything great. I have no wish even to see* him, but you must choose between him and me.' ' Alas! I have already chosen.' ' Then you wish your father to die.' ' Oh, no, no, no,' hysterically cried the girl, dropping on her knees on the .cold steps, and pitebusly clinging to her tempter. ' You will not let him die.' ' I swear to heaven I will,' returned the blasphemous wretch. ' Think— your father s life and my love on one side^ and. this notion of yours on the other — which is the stronger or more weighty ?' and he shook her off, and turned to descend the stair. ' My father F'she screamed, springing to her feet and catching hold of his arm. ' Save my father.' ' Then you consent ?;' he eagerly cried. 'I — I — consent/' she vacantly returned, with a sudden f airitness at her heart, and a grasp at the stone buttress for support. ' Dear Alice, how happy you have made me/' he said, taking her cold hand within his own. ' Why do you not smile ?' ' Happy ?— yes, yes, happy/' she vacantly returned. 'But I cannot smile — indeed.1 cannot.' He tried to kiss her, but she shrank shivering away, with one hand held up like an impassable barrier between them. ' Not yet — oh, not yet,' she implored, 'I must learn to — to forget him first.' ' But remember, you have given me your word, you cannot draw back.' ' I cannot draw back,' she mechanically repeated. *' Would you let me go in now ? I feel as if something had come over me all at once.' 'Stay — one moment — repeat after me these words, ' On condition that I save your father's life.'' ' On condition that you save my father's life.' The words came out slowly and mechanically as before, every syllable cost ing the speaker a terrible effort. 'And as soon .as he is well, I consent to become yours — for life,' dictated the monster in conclusion, ' And as soon as he is well, I consent to become yours.' ' For life/' added the villain, with an imperious stamp.' ' - For— life.' 'Which I swear, by all that is holy.' ' ' Which I swear' — I cannot say the rest,' said the girl, with a shiver. ' I think I will go in, now. It is so cold here — and I want to be alone.' And thus they parted. Alice returned to the room, shivering in the warm sun light, and a mere ghost of what she had been when she went out; but there was no eye to notice the change. She sat down by the bedside of her slumbering father, and her eye travelled vacantly to the sunlight, skimming birds and green hills without. Hours glided by, but she never stirred. At last the sun began to decline, and then her father stirred and opened Ms eyes. There was a faint flush on his cheek, and for the first time for many a weary month a glad smile on his lips. ' I am better,' he murmured. 'Oli^ Alice, my own dear lassie, I am to live after all.' Alice had tnrned her face from the light, so he could not notice the awful change ; and now. when her face sank and sank till it was buried in the -pillow, he laid the action to a very different feeling than the real one. ' You are glad, too,' he joyously whis pered. ' Kiss me, my bairn.' ? She did so — passionately, desperately — '? but her lips were cold as virgin ice, and not a tear fell from her dry and fiery eyes. - 'Alice, are you well?' He was half startled, and looking at her curiously. 'I am— perfectly,' was the light reply,' got out with an ease that astonished her self. .??.-=?? .;?-?' ' Ah, it's my trouble that makes you so strange and nervous,' said her father, sink ing back again. 'But there are bright days in store for us now, and we will be so happy. Oh, how thankful I am this night.' - ?-,..?/; 'Yes, we will be happy,' she repeated with a weary, shivering sign, drawing closer to her fathers 'fVery happy/' 1 I 'And -then you will get married, con tinued the sick^nan. 'PooriDayie; he has waited so patiently and so long. How my heart warms to him. He deserves you, Alice; and you will make him a true and good wife.' .....-_ 'Oh, father, father, don't- speak like that.' The words came in a groaning burst-' that almost mounted to. a scream. : ?,Why, what — what have J said?' ex- :, claimed the «ick man in surprise. * - 'Nothing; only I can be married, but never to David Wilson.' . ' What ? Are you' dreaming, lassie, .or are you but. oljro;ur senses ? But I see hbav it is ; it is some lovers' quarrel, which you will forget in an hour. Now, there's his step on the stair— 4qo more of 'that, but away you go, and see and come in happy and snuling.' . . ,. . . 'A tap at the door and the entrance of her lover put an end to . the conversation. The sun had gone down now, and tlie^ deepening twilight'alone lighted the room, but never before had Alice been so thankful for the darkness in jjresence.of her affianced. : In the hours of silent thinking she had steeled her heart for-the coming trial, but now that moment iad(arriyed, for the firsts time she felt an inclination to waver. But it was pressed back-r- tke joyous inbreaklng of light was shut out with desperate force, and she followed her lover from the 4iouse knowing that it was the last time she was to lean on his arm and receive Ms smile. Still the words huner back, till at last his joyful anticipations in connection with the : evident improvement in her father's health forced them out. Then came a terrible scene. They were shrouded in night, away down in thejQjueen's Park ; but a stifled sob from Alice caught his ear, and froze, the words on Ms lips. ' Good God i ~. Alice, you -are crying,' he exclaimed, stopping her, and trying to get a ^glimpse of her-feee; -' Have I saidany thing- wrong ?.' . . . ?-----. 4Nbthii3g— HOtMng,' was the choking reply. 'Oh, David, 'you could not offend me now — I know your heart too well ; but you must prepare yourself for a great- shock. We must part to-night — and for ever. I can never be your wife.' ' 'Not be my wife !' he got out, in pet rified astonishment. il Why, what on earth has put that idea into your head ?' ; ' It is no idea — it is a fixed, irrevocable fact,' was the unflinching reply. ' Oh, David ! it is cruel — terrible — and I think it will kill me to give up you— but it must be.' 'Why must it be?' tenderly asked her lover, trying iu vain to soothe her hysterical sobbing.* ^ Your father wishes it, and you have made me believe you love me — what, then, can po3sibly come between, iisf ' Alice's reply was but one little word — - 'Duty.' 'Duly .''echoed the lover, blazing up at last. 'Is it your duty to disobey your father's command, and break all the laws of God and man by throwing my lo.ve to the winds? When this strange notion took your head, did you not think of my feel ings ? You are my world now — all my f uture is wrapped up in you — and to lose you would kill me.' 'Oh, Davie, Davie ! Don't, don't!' moaned the shrinking girl. 'Kill me at once rather.' The young man peered down through the darkness, and his own face whitened at her emotion. : ' It is no jest,' he groaned. ' These are real tears and shudders. What has brought this about ? Where now is all your boasted love?' ' Here — here !' screamed the poor girl, striking her breast — -l here — killing me !' There was a fearful pause. ' Alice/' he hoarsely began, ' tell ins what is at the bottom of all this. Tell me plainly why you cannot be my wife ?' ' Because — oh, Davie, you will think me cruel, heartless, and treacherous, but indeed you are wrong — because I have sworn to marry another !'' ' And that other is the fine gentleman student that has been attending your father ?' cried the lover, with a wild drive of his hand into the darkness. 'I have not been quite blind. His fin! speeches aad stories have made you think a working man something beneath you. I feared it — Heaven knows, I feared it! and you can crouch there, mincing liar that you are, and say that you love me still- — — .' 'Oh— oh!' Two faint cries — a wild pressing of her hand on her heart — and Alice had dropped in a faint at his feet. Then a revulsion came. 'Oh. God ! what have I done ? * 1 have killed her!' He lifted her in his arms') and ran with her straight to the little stream running down from St. Anthony's Well, and there the cold water brought her back to her woes and his reproaches. He argued — he reasoned — he implored — he entreated — nay, he even wept; but in vajn. She had but one answer-^ f 'Oh, Davie — if you have one spark of love for me left, take me home/' V The return was but a repetition of the wild entreaties, with the steady answer— ; ' Uy oath — oh, Davie, remember I havel sworn it,' though why she had so sworn she resolutely refused to tell. The parting at the stair-foot was a quarrel fierce' and hot on the one side, and calm, frightfully calm, on the other. Secretly her lover had resolved not to give her up, but merely leave her to herself for a few days : but outwardly he left her with a ' curse on her future and on the man who had so effectually estranged her heart from -* his own; But the days went by without any change or recall on her part. Her father's / health inended steadily— he was able to leave his bed — and. one day he even gut down the stair and outside, leaning on his daughter's arm, and took half-an-hour in- the sunliglit. Then Richard Gordon pro-/ nounced him cured, and notified his inten tion to discontinue his visits. The words were a knell to Alice, though the father secretly rejoiced that at -last they would get rid of the man who, he felt certain, had wrought such a frightful change oa his daughter. But. neither knew the scoundrel they had to deal with — a second trial was in store for Alice, and a still more: terrible misfortune for her father. , . On visiting his patient for the last time' he drew Aliee out with him to the stair \- head ; and there, for the £rst tiihe^ let xmt a word that sent the blood back in a chill to her heart. . r \ ? . : .; -. a It is not your heart I want,' he said,|n reply to one of her repeated yrarnings^ 'ii% , is you — yourself. I want you to leave ?your father, -and come and live withmer-rl live like the best lady in the land.' ' And this— this was what you madelne - swear to ?' she gasped, pressing her hand on her breast, and eyeing him steadily, ' You v did not mean to marry ine ??^ ? - - r ' Marry, you ? — ha, ha, ha ! — you amuse , me. Your look of simplicity is well put on, but it is of no avail with me. Youknew all along what you swore to, and cannot get up any trumpery reasons for. evading the payment nowi : ^o.u must give' faith, for faith. I have saved your f athei*, and I now claim the price.' . ' 'Thatis;mey'i, v ., '?; -3 'It is,' and he tried to draw her close and kiss her white lips. She hurled him off with a force that made him stare. 'Do you know,' she said in slow; steady tones, 'that there is no reproach, no terni of infamy, that -I think vile enough to heap on your craven head?' ^ He laughed lightly. 'That does not concern me,' he replied. ' I hope you do not mean that as a prelude to breaking your 'oath ?' ' I do not. Oh, Heaven above me knows I do not.' 'Then you will give vourself up to me?' ' I will.' 'When?' .-.'-?? 'To-morrow/' , He neither understood the:: lpok^that ac companied the reply nor troubled himself to try.: Careless, heartless, and ... selfish, he turned away, saying— . ' Won't you kiss me ?' r 'Never — never in this world.' ' All, I will risk that. Will you be ready for me to-morrow night?' 'I will be ready.' ,; ' Ah, then you will get away from here, and know something of happiness.' ' I will— yes,. I will.' There were no tears in her eyes, but her fervid upward glance and wildly clasped hands astonished him. - . r ' At 9, then, I will wait for *you at the foot of the stair.' % . - . ' I will be ready — before then? She got : the words out and found herself standing alone, trying to callback some color tp her cheeks, and not think of what was before her. * ....... ' Death rather than infamy— mother said it on her dying bed, and she must have been » right,' she feverishly reasoned. ' But I cannot go in and face my father now ; he wGuld read it- -all in my tace. Strange, I feel calm now— -cahn at last, and so peace ful. But the shock may kill my father. What can I do to soften the blow ? I will write-^-write to Auntie Jane to tell him, and by the time slie gets it I will be — safe.' . She trailed wearily into a neighbor's' house and sent down for. some, note-paper, She began writing, but it seemed as if she would never get finished. Sheet after sheet was filled, and still her pen' hurried on. The sun went down, and then she carefully gathered the sheets together, sealed them up, and addressed them like an ordi nary letter. Then she sent in to see if her father was asleep, and learning that he was, she stole in and remained beside him alone for some minutes. What took place at that parting no human being can tell, for no eye witnessed it but her own. When she came out again the woman noticed that ' she was white and scared-looking.' She scribbled a line and gave it unfolded to the woman to hand to her L father when he asked for her. It only said— ' Father — I have been troubled^ and I l:ave gone away for a while. Auntie Jane will tell you all in a day or two.' Then she kissed the woman's two children and vanished. She must have gone to Ni ckolson-street first, for there the letter containing a minute account of the whole affair was weighed and posted. The next place she was heard of was at St. Leonard's. A child had fallen in'the gutter and spilt some milk, dirtied its dress, 'and cut its forehead. ' A kind lady, very white, and with staring eyes,' had picked it up, wiped its dress, soothed and kissed the pain from its forehead, and finally -produced a purse to make up the loss. But in getting out the purse a thought seemed to strike the ' Mnd lady/' for she placed the purse bodily in the child's hands. 'There are only a few coppers in it,' she said, ' but will you keepthe purse f or my sake ?' ' Yes,' said the child, with a burst of gratitude, ' and I will kiss you now/' But the 'land lady' began to cry. ' No — I — I cannot let you kiss me,' she said ..at last. ... ' It makes me suffer when little children Mss me. Run home now, and always love your father and mother.' But the child would not stir. It threw down the purse and would be Mssed, so the ' land lady' gave in and kissed it, and cried a great deal, and cuddled it close^and put the purse in its hand, and went away to the Queen's Park. No one else afterwards turned up who had seen her alive. She was found, as I, have described already, drowned in.Dud dingston Loch, with only the scrap of paper containing the words — ' Oh, God ! forgive me if I thus end it all. I — ' The handkerchief marked with her ini tials led to her being claimed by the wrong person. ,HeT father might never have learned her fate had not the letter to her aunt come back to him in about a week through the Dead-letter Office. He read' it from beginning to end, put on fias- coat and hat, and walked up to the quadra%le of the College. There he -had waited till the medical students filed out, when he sprang forward and throttled and dragged Richard Gordon into the centre of the crowd. A great circle formed about them, but lor some moments the maddened and bereaved father was too excited to be able to get out one word. Then he hurled: the craven scoundrel down on the ground^and got the whole story out in a passionate, eloquent burst. Tears were in his eyes' as he appealed to the silent, respectful crowd, with Ms grey hairs streaming in the wind, and his withered and shaking hands wring ing ceaselessly, and in a Vay that the stoniest heart could not have resisted. Tears a&d; smothered sobs joined his own, and there was many a haK-averted - head and furtively-wiped cheek- before he had finished. Edinburgh, students- may be a wild, harum-scarum lot, but as; a class they are' f/eni!emeri,'\rit]i pfoud,c Scottish blood, in their veins, and with warni, impuMftT hearts in their breasts^ As the' old' man finished and pointed to. the abject wretch on the ground, there w^s ayelLsuca as the old grey walls never echoed J-ef ore or since. They closed upon the scoundrel with a rush,, a dozen , Lands grasped the back of Ms collar,, and when there was no more collat to 'hold oti by they took his hair instead. They kicked him— scores of legs at a time— atl the way down to .the great -gate with a heartier zest than ever they snowballed .a policeman or wrenched1 a .street-knocker. ^ His coat came away^in Istrips/ half of Ms hair followed it,iuid '-Still the, busy legs and feet went at it behind him, till/ with a great hullabulloo and rush, . they came down through the arch to the' street, when they hurled him, bleeding, torn, and completely crestfallen, in the gutter, and in a unanimous shout placed him in? '?' Coventry ' for evermore. But though beaten and for ever disgraced, Richard Gordon v^as determined still to snarl and show his teeth. He called the nearest policeman and at once gave the old man in custody on a charge of assault. And so the; thing came to the office, and. the whole history was discovered. The old man was bound over to appear next day and answer the charge, but I am happy to say that the trial never took place. A hand came between the': malicious complainant and his intended victim, which neither he nor any one else could avert. Very little sometimes lets out a life, and to record the death of a scoundrel, I will honestly cpnfesSj/gives me more pleasure than pain, in the careless use of the dissecting knife Gordon had poi- . soned one of his hands. He insisted till too late. _. on.; treating it Mniself . His arm was removed, but the. mischief was done. Mortification supervened, and in little mqre than afortaight he was as cold as the poor; girl whom he had Minted, down.' r '. ' Over the spot where Alice lies buried there is a exquisitely carved stone, repre senting a young girl, /a . martyr, looking upwards with ethereal gladness, with her hands meekly folded across .her 'breast. Below is inscribed— ? r In Memory . . , ...^ .... * a lj/c;e w o p v ', Who was Eound Drowned. Erected by- a Few Friends of jier bereaved Father'. All honor to them. The 'few friends' were the Edinburgh medical students. 