VICTORIAN MEMS. On Saturday the Sandhurst State school teachers unanimously adopted the following resolution:—"That in the opinion of this meeting it is desirable that the circular upon corporal punishment he withdrawn as being subversive of discipline." The Government have in contemplation a grand international Exhibition at Melbourne, which is to follow next in the series to that of Paris. They purpose erecting a building at a cost of £100,000, the expenditure to be spread over three years, and they have placed on the estimates a preliminary vote of £7000. We (Maryborough Skinrfartl) gave an account the other day of the vagaries of a ghost near the railway station. It i6 now rumored that there is a " haunted house " in Maryborough. Something or somebody in white has been seen making nocturnal perambulations within the haunted house," and unearthly noises have also been heard issuing from it. * Young Maiyborough care fullv eschews that side of the road after dark. Here are pluck and presence of mind. Last week a boy at Upper Maffra was out looking for gooBe eggs, when a snake eniHrged from under some straw, disturbed by his search, and bit him on the aukle. The boy killed the reptile, made a rough sort of tourniquet with his bootlace above the puncture aud then ran home. His mother cut out the bitten part with her scissors, and his lather sucked the wound. The youth is progressing satisfactorily. The new regulations for licensing the cutting of timber on Crown lands have been used by some officious individuals on the goldfields for the aunoyance of miuera aud others. A few evenings since the Minister ot Mines, in answer to Mr. Barr, eaid distiuctly that no one cutting timber for his own use, whether for domestic purposes, for miniug, or lor any purpose, except for sale, required to take out a license. It is said to be the intention of the Minister of Railways to extend the block system to every mile of railway in the colony. The system is a safe one, and the several sections of the line are worked by telegraph, and no two trains can be on any one section at the same time. A commencement will be made on the North-Eastern line, as far as Broad meadows. The cost of the necessary wires and apparatus would be about £20,000, and in the meantime railway employes are to receive lessons in telegraphy, to lit them for the discharge ot their future duties iu that art. Mr. John Longstaff, of Shepparton, had an adventure the other day with a wild horse. He was breaking it in, ana when he thought he had sufficiently tamed it to odmit of its being ridden, he saddled ft and mounted. The " fizzor," however, soon showed repugnance to being thus used, and at once proceeded to disassociate itself from its ridei-. After a prolonged and vigorous exercise, Mr. Longstaff being all the while deeply interested as to the result, an unhappy opportunity offered, amlthe "fizzer" succeeded in its endeavor. Mr. Longstaffs foot remained in the stirrup, and he tfas dragged along for some distance, but without receiving any injury. The horse bolted off furi6usly, and in jumping a fence received such d severe stake thatit died nefct day from the effects. The Victorian Commissioners of the Paris Ex Mbition have decided upon having wonlpnrks manufactured in the colony for the wool winch is to be exhibited at Paris. Oil the outside of every woolpack will be printed the area of the estate upon which the wool was grown, the number of cheep shorn, and the name of the owners. It is believed that this course will have the effect of convincing Europe of the extent of the woolgrowing interest 111 Victoria. One day this week (says the Crcswide Advertiser) Mr. and Mrs. Blackwood, who reside at the corner of Napier-street and Ballarat-road, heard a child's voice saying, " Take me out ot this—I shall be late for school." On looking round they could see 110 one, so they proceeded to some old holes near Mr. Judd's house, and there discovered a little fellow, named Wilkins, down one, about 16 teet from the surface, standing on some bushes, which were no doubt the means of saving him from being drowned, as there was water in the shaft. Mr. Blackwood procured a rope and brought the little fellow to the surface. His greatest trouble appeared to be the fear of being late to school. On being asked how he got in the hole, he said he was running along and looking at a wagon on the road, when he fell down. Mr. A. Bogle, of Melbourne, has submitted to the Minister of Railways a plan for the purchase of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company. The gist of the proposal is for the Government to grant debenture bonds redeemable in ten years from date of arrangement, bearing interest for that period equivalent to the present [ dividends, viz., 10 per cent, on the original value of the shares, £50, which it is reckoned would equal a fraction over 6 5ths per cent, at £75. As an alternative, it is proposed the State should guarantee 10 per cent, to the shareholders for ten years. The proposer points out that his plan would set tree a quarter of a million sterling for the extension of railways throughout the colonies. In the matter of railway signals a correspondent of the Ballarat Star writes as follows:—" Allow me to suggest a plan which I think will be found simple, at the same time effective. My plan would bo to have 011 the roof of each carriage a dark lantern with a strong reflector at back, point ing either to the guard or driver, the slide of which to be connected bv means of a wire with each wmpartmeut in the carriage, so that when the wire is pulled it will cause a strong flash of light to be thrown towards either the guard's van or engine. The whole of the compartments of each carriage may l)e connected with the same light or signal, but the wire communication should l)C so fixed that it would not return to its place again until the shade had again been placed over the light, showing which part of the carriage had used the signal, care to be taken that the signals from the several carriages arc not fixed in a line. This, I think, would auswer all purposes for night time, and the day signals may be made of a very bright red signal board or flag managed in the same wav. If the guard is on the look-out, as he should l)e, he could not foil to see the signal." The Chinese camp on Friday night (says the Jicdlarat Star) resembled a vast beehive more than auything else, for it was crowded from dusk uutil dawn by larrikins, Chinese, aud sight-seers—male and female. The annual ceremony of providing food, raiment, and tiring for the souls of those Chinese who have died by violence or accident was performed, a priest coming from Duuoll v to oliiciate. About £30 was collected to pay expenses, and was laid out in firewood, food, and paper patterns of clothing. At dusk a large fire was lit in the open air, and tom-toms, kettledrums, and reed pipes used, to produce an earsplitting chorus. This music, unearthly though not very spiritual, was kept up until midnight, to attract the attention of the spirits for whose benefit the good things were provided. Spirit etiquette seems to lie the same all the world over, and it is not " the thing" for even Chinese ghosts to walk before midnight. At that witching hour gin and wine were spilt upon the earth, and dishes, wherein rice, fowls, fruit, vegetables, and pudding formed an ofla polrida, were placed round the lire. When the spirits were supposed to have eaten enough to last them for another twelvemonth, aud warmed themselves thoroughly, the paper clothes were burnt, amid many quaint ceremonies. The City coroner held an inquest 011 Saturday at the Melbourne Hospital upon the body of a man named William Henry Richardson, who died 011 his way to the hospital that morning. The evidence went to show that deceased liad committed self-destruction in a very determined manner. Mr. Robert Beeston, the landlord of the Royal Hotel, in Victoria-street, Carlton, gave evidence to the effect that deceased had, since his arrival in the colony a few months ago, been stopping at his hotel. He had been looking for employment in the softgoods line of business, but haa been unable, accordm; to his statement, to get anything to do, in consequence of which lie had been very melancholy. He left the hotel on Thursday morning, and did not return until 10 o'clock 011 Thursday night, when he retired to his room. Shortly after 12 o'clock a waiter in the hotel heard a noise in the deceased's room as if he were vomiting. ThiB was followed by a gurgling noise, and on the waiter going into the room a horrible eight presented itself lo him. The floor of the room was stained with blood, aud the deceased was on his knees, bleeding from frightful wouuds in the throat. Mr. Beeston was at once called upon, aud had the man placed in a yeliicle to be taken to the hospital, but he died before he reached that institution. O11 his bed a Bible wuo found, while on the dressing table there was a blood-stained rozor, with which the act ol selfdestruction had evidently been committed. Other Evidence was adduced which went to show that the deceased was not perfectly s ine, and that ho had on one occasion been offered employ ui-tti by a tailor, but had refused it. The j'iry lvt ini. d a verdict to the effect that the 'itewd cii his j throat with a ra«or while of unsound mind. The public will be glad to learn that the trustees of the Public Library have decided to purchase the Dapiine ol" Mr. Marshall Woods, which has been for some weeks on view in tluit institution. The price given is one thousand guineas, and we understand that the trustees have decided to erect a special room for the reception of this beautiful work of art. In this instance the trustees will have good value for their money, which is more than can be said of all the specimens of sculpture and painting they have come into possession of. It is seldom that the colonies are paid such a compliment as to have an artist of Mr. Woods's position and fame paying them a visit, and it is satisfactory to find that in Victoria, at least, his presence is appreciated. The tanners in the colony have a grievance, which cau be remedied in a simple way. They complain that the owners of stock destroy the value of the hides by branding the best parts of the cattle. Another complaint is that the butchers or the persons who skin the carcases do the work in a slovenly manner and cut the hide3 with their knives, thus rendering portions of the skins almost valueless, and thereby causing serious loss. In shipping the hides to England in the condition named, a loss of Id. per lb. is sustained, so that the sum of money wasted on a few tons is of considerable importance. Now that the American market is competing with the Australian in supplying hides to English buyers, the colonial shipper has to be content with a very small profit for a very large shipment. Some years ago an excise of sixpence and a shilling on hides cut with knives or injured by brands liad to lie paid in England, and this ultimately resulted in the skins being placed in the market free from damage. A curious case of accidental imprisonment took place in Melbourne on Thursday evening. A girl employed in one of the large warehouses was occupied in one of the highest rooms of the building ticketing goods. She took no note of time, and when she thought the hour fur locking up hud nearly arrived she found to her consternation that it had passed and that, she was alone in the building. Her cries attracted the attention of 6ome people iu the street, and a contingent of the Metropolitan Fire Brigade had to bring the tire ladder into requisition to enable her to descend. "John Pcervbingle," in The WeeJciy Tim<n, discourses as follows on payment of members :— " Mr. Berry savs that ' on the question of payment of members, as on all others ot vital importance, the Government are as one man, and are thoroughly in favor of it.' Now, who doubled this ? Payment of members ! Where would Berry get* his majority but for that sublime system I Where would he recruit his ragged regiment of political-influence men and speculators but for payment of members J ^ here, indeed, would some of his Ministry be but for the soothing £300 per annum with which the country rewards them and their supporters I So, then, we cau readily understand that on /ftif question of vital importance the Government ar<as one man. Bless their unselfish hearts ! they know t .11 which side their bread is buttered better than most men, and a pretty feast they are having at the cost of the country. Why, 'tis better than the best billet, this membership of Parliament. It is a sure living, and carries with it certain grateful immunities and privileges which are worth another £300 per annum. It has the chance, too, «f a big pile 111 its lucky bag. Every soldier of the old Napoleon's army was said to carry a marshal's baton in his knapsack. Ever^ loafing M.P. may be- supposed to carry a Minister s ortfolio and its emoluments in the safeguard of Eis elastic principles. Vital importance, this question ! I should think so; when it means meat and drink to those who support it. Keep it going Berry. 