A Brilliant Being. ' " I'll introduce you lo the nicest -woman in London ; she has an ' At home ' to-night, and she gives me carto-blanobe to bring any of my friends," Fendlcton Rays to me, after fivo minutes' intellectnal intercourse in the dining-room of that most rcsthotio and im material of clubs, tho "Young Mutton Chops." " Hadn't you better find out whether or not I'm divorced, detrimental, or disinolined first?" I suggosts, for Pendleton and I bara beon parted for several years, and ho knows nothing of my ways and means. . " You may bo either, or all three," he re plies with determination ; " Mrs. Carruthers won't cnre. If you'ro divorced, sho'll swear it's your wife's fault. . If your detrimental, she'll swonr it'.i Fate's fault ; and if you'ro disinclinod to go to her house, sho'll overcome that disinclination with a power and prornp. titude that will compel you to proolaim her as I do, tho cleverest and most charming woman in Loudon." "What is sho?" I ask, with dRwning curiosity ; " to quote tho WizardHof tho North, is she " Widowed wife, or wedded.moid, Betrothed, betrayer, or betrayed ? " I'Tho whole lot together, 1 should say," P-iúlloton roplios calmly,.and I am shaken to my centre, for though not beautiful, I am young and innocent. "Anyway I am sure of this, that she's a woman of genius, and a moat adorablo creature ; you shall hoar her sing. By Jove ! if sho doesn't' fotch you with her singing, you'ro not the fellow I take you to bo ; she might make a fortune on tho concert boards or on the operatic stage if shs liked, hut the woman's heart ia nnohored in her home and in her work." *'Orowels?" I interrupt, timidly. "Work, I said, not frivolity," Pendleton replies sternly ; " haven't you road any of her booka? they're sought for, sir, at Mudio's, in a way that would turn any uthor woman's hoad ; she writes tinder hor maiden nam o of Constance Terriss ; aro you disposed to cavil at that ?" I bow my bend in meek deprncation of having nny such intention. Already I nm moro than indisposed to cavil at anythihg concerning hor. l'or I love poa«o, and Pon dloton positively bristlos as ho speaks of Mrs. Carruthers. . Pendleton is ono of thoso men who aro nt host a contradiction still to tho end of ono's acquaintanceship with thom. Ho delivors hiinsoir ol' tho most roseato-huod and gushing -sontimenLs, in tho saddeHt-colorod voice and manner imaginable. I Uko Pendleton. Ho reminds mo of that knight of courtesy. Sir Guwaino. Every fomiuioo goose ho montions booomos, by his process of mentioning her, a swan. "Aro you disposed to cavil at thnt?" ho repeats. " Are you inclined to add yourself to tho number of tho pnek of hounds who aro trying to hunt her down for having had tho pluck to broak thoso chains of slavory which wera fprgod about hor in her childhood, by a man who was base enough to morry her be fore she know what lovo or hor own mind was ?" Pendleton pausas and scowls a note of in terrogation nt mo, and, completely humbled, I stammer out my readiness to lay myself a votive offering on Mrs. Carruthers' shrine ?without delny. Tlioro is discretion in my doing this. Pendleton is a maa of Bufllciontly good property to justify him in gratifying the dictates of his heart and inclination in marry ing. Evidently his heart and inclination tend towards .Mrs. Curruthors, who is proba bly a witt" ?» ..vjl-iriclinod tobo a wife again. Congriil'i' iv ..!;* un tho keonuoss. of percopti?." . ' vd .-ii'il'iiul me to seo the years. My..." u..¿..its. ¿now mo not, and in return for tl»... forgetfulness 1 find no plea-' suro in thom. Th a girls I. flirted within clays gone by havo forgotten my namo since thoir' respectivo mnrriagos, and I havo for gotten the address of thc woman who loved me. Tho mon. with whom I unod to run nt Lillie liridgo and row on tho river, smilo at tho recollection of thoso idle days now, as thoy give mo an absent-hearted bond, and an invitation to dino with them "somo duy." Altogether L flud that tho hours of the first day of my sojourn in London hang fire terri bly, and I am in tho mood to be grateful for way ii» . of my.. promis cohveyt' " At hon \- : jm:.fing in tho ooso : . ? ..." . .m. 1¡! m -with the \--... ii.i, and be '«á-, úarruthors' London un strangers for five . . .. . I . tiie hinalU'sL . ol' liic-ruies; jvheu 1 enter Jil rs. Carruthers', drawing-room m the wakß of my friend Pepdleton. i The room is Bmail, pretty,' comfortably cool,' and admirably lighted. About twenty men and half as many women are disposed about it in knots pf three and four, talking, the majority, of them, loudly and volubly. But, above all other tones, one voice rises with a clanging clearness that catches my ear and regard at once. I look in the direction from whence it proceeds, and I sec a fine, fair, tall woman smiling vigorously at Pendleton, and demonstrating to him across the breadth of the room that he is to stand at attention, as she is,, about to sing. He comes to an obedient halt, I fall into position by his side, and in another moment Mrs. Carruthers bursts into song. Unquestionably she sings-with unusual dramatic powers and effect for an amateur. Unquestionably ' Pendleton is justified in almost purring with satisfaction, as he does while he listens to her. ^ The song belongs to the highly suggestive order.' The words are warm, and the air is sultry. .' As ' Mrs. Carruthers rings out.therefrain, "I love thee .so dear, that I only can leave thee!'' Pen dleton is like a reedjshaken by the wind. He totters in his rather tight patent boots, and murmurs to me : .. ,,, " Her voice is as fresh as a lark's in. that trill, isn'tit?" . " I never happened- to hear a lark try that trill,"-I say, striving to bc critical, not to say cynical, and feeling that my powers of being . either are failing me rapidly as I gaze upon a large expanse of black! velvet, over which a magnificently massive pair of white arms are arranged. I agree with Pendleton with out a moment's hesitation, when he says to me: " You don't often soe anything like that out of 'marble, do you, old fellow ?" " Very rarely indeed," 1 say hastily and timidly, for our hostess has finished her song by this time, and is evidently, waiting to re ceive our plaudits. " That woman is all heart and soul," Pendleton goes on enthusiastically, after he has introduced me to her, and she has accorded me a most genial welcome as " Charlie Pendleton's friend." "Lucky fellow! she calls you by your christian name," 1 say, enviously, and Pen dleton chuckles with ill-restrained elation and conceit, as he replies : "Yes, she's good enough to put me on the pedestal of her intimate friendship, and I believe that I only do myself justice when 1 say that I appreciate the honour; one doesn't often meet with a woman whose genius is so versatile as hers. There are haifa dozen women hete to-night who write, for instance, but she's up to their mark in that branch, and beyond them" in everything else. You've heard her sing? Well, she acts and writes as well as she sings ; and with it all she's as frank and unaffected as if she didn't-charm every m¡»n, and eclipse every woman, who came near her." " Á woman of genius ! essentially human," I suggest admiringly. " Don't quote Owen Moredith about Con stance Terriss," Pendleton says with severity ¡ " by Jove ! in his most inspired moments he never conceived anything, half no grand ns she is! " and Pendleton, as he speaks, is so irresistibly attracted towards his theme, that I arti left stranded alone in a corner with full leisure'to look at and mark her wall. She is -but roomfor Mrs. Carruthers ! a description of lier demands a fresh paragraph. She is tho " whitest " woman without-baing insipid, and without resembling unbaked bread, that I have ever behold. Her skin is' magnificent! "Yon wouldn't think she was' forty, would you?" a little lady who notices my earnest regard of our hostess says bravely, and I feel ready to go and do doughty deeds at the instant against anyone who dares to associate so brilliant a creature with aught so prosaic as middle ago ! I gaze at her again, rather mote intently than before, nnd 1 see timi her complexion is ns fine and delicately colored as that of an infant. She has light fluffy hair, dressod in a way that would have boen trying to an ordinary woman, but that is extraordinarily bottoming to her.' Sho has small, scintillating, grayish-bluo oyes, thnt do not seem to belong to such a gorgeously largo and fine physiquo as hors. Tho eyes aro not meroly observant, they are suspiciously wntoh ful. They wander from the face of one she is addressing, and take passing notes ns to tho foelings that aro flickering through other p'eoplo's minds on to their faoos. They look vague, and stray oven when she is spanking in apparently the most earner t and heartfelt manner. Yet soon I discover her to be tho frankest womau I bavo ever mot! It is im. possible to account for this that so strongly resembles deceitfulness in her oxproision. Accordingly, not being able to account for it, I forthwith forget it. Presently she disarms my powers of observation by swooping me away to a remote corner of the small, pretty room, and beginning to be confidential with mc.. Her frankness is a staggering thing to my experience. Before I have boon an hour in her society she has informed mo rather fully of a good many of tho late Captain Car ruthers' follies in general, and faults towards horsolf in particular. She has taught mo to understand that tho talunts she possesses ns writer, reader, vocalist, and histrionic are re spectively of tho very highest order. I learn that under auspicious circumstances of appre ciation and cultivation, sho would have been a second George Saud, Adelaide Komblo, ihisi, and Ilistori. Sho informs me that ? Swedenborg was an extremely clever man, the only 'teador of thought worth following, tho guido of ' tho fino " coming race," and the. solitary instance in literaturo of complete oongonialty of sentiment with herself. She liberally adds that "tho bonds of Christianity were only intended to rail in those inferior minds who wore incapable of understanding tho more subtlo mysteries of German philo sophy,'' and winds up by saying that she "expects her little girl, .to bo a triumphant refutation of tho theory.-that religious oulture and careful guardianship aro requisito for the production bf a good woman." . If my hair Were not'eutin tho orthodox military crop, it would stand on» end as I listen to thoso viows.- I long for an introduction to this cursorily- mentioned little girl. The daughter of such n mother mutit be the re verse of commonplace, lo say the least of it. I] am a young man, and my head roels with gratified vanity as sho gives mo to understand that her " frank, unguarded naturo loads hor to rebuff'every now acquaintance in whom she does not fool deeply interested." I feel in. clinod to purr like Pendleton, for she hns not rebuffed mo. I begm to preen myself on the fact that her quick intuition and matchless discernment have discovered that thora is moro in- mo than in tho majority-Minore in mo indeed than anyone else has ever had sufficient enterprise and rosenroh to find out ! I pity Pendleton forthat delusion ho nourishes as to his position-on.a pedestal in her estima tion, and think that she has perhaps erred a little in good-naturedly feeding my friend's absurd vanity. I shall give Pendleton a word of friondly caution by-and-by.' There is an immense amount , of force about her I gather, as in bright incisive sen tences and loud accents she gives nie a rapid resume of hen oura er. Sho appeal's to hold a variety of arts in tho hollow of her hand,' to praotiso thom all with proficiency, ami to oommnud almost unprecedented nuocenn 'in their exercise. Her publishers toll hor that letters from tho highest European i literary 1 , authorities Rasuro thoni that, it* she did"but give herself time, tho gonins - of George EUot would a.iiu>liif iiitu ÍDai^niiii;iiij<:n¡ bfUin; JUT Her siuging-iuiiater constantly mandons, with t&aisin; his eyes that he cannot, Iiavi- tho pre sumption to go on teaching ono from ir liam Patti herself plight learn ! For the reit, sha . informs me that she is " an actress bom,'' thut she can't help doing the right business," and giving tho right reading in every port she plays,- and that she has in consequence to run tho gauntlet of a great* deal of amateurish ill-feeling and jealousy. " You will find, when you know me better, that most women hate me, Mr. Power," she says, quite cheerfu'ly ; " they're ' afraid to confess it openly, but'they show it in a thou sand little undefinable ways and meannesses, and ill- conceived and worse-executed slights. Even those who are here to-night "accepting my hospitality ara betraying it im their hearts. They come because they will try to meet men, and will come here, but they one and all detract from me as far as they find it possible to do so. ' I can't help out-shining them, and they can't forgive me for doing it.", . " Utterly ignoble of them,'' I say warmly, and she smiles a seraphic acknowledgment of my partisanship, and says : " I'll introduce you to my.daughter; we're constantly taken for.sisters-there she is !" , She points oat a níce-fuced, usual looking girl'of about , twenty. Tho combination of George Sand, Adelaide Kembla, Grisi,; and .Eistori has turned out an oxtromoly nice girl for a daughter," I think as I writch the young, lady who is chaining tho attention of ti group of listeners very successfully. " She's a vory entertaining ohild," her mother says, following the direction of my eyes. " Most girls of her age ore,gauche as soon as they find themselves the only speakers in a circle of listeners ; but Elinor 'avoids that pitfall, as you'll already, have perceived. I suppose she has learnt tho art of conversa tion from me, for sho has been my constant companion ever since' I began to think for myself. » I suppose I looked amazed or amused, in credulous or appalled, for she resumes with a running accompaniment of laughter : " My dear sir, I suppose you think that I am historically inaccurate in making the dates of my ' beginning to think,' and of her be coming my companion, contemporaneous ? Not at all ; I only began ' to think,' after 1 married and found cut I had mndo a mistake in doing BO. Then, luckily, I had Elinor, and made her my companion.'* " And a very eli arming one you Jina lier,. 1 »ra sure," I say feebly. Not that I do not thoroughly mean what I am saying, but that I feel convinced that the lad; whom I address fancies all tho oharm of the companionship has emanated from herself. "Yes," she says nffably. "Elinor is what I h aro made-her ; if mothers are such fools that they can't mould girls after their own pattern, they deserve to have the burden of stupid on marriageable girls laid upon them. Not that I want Elinor to marry now or ever. I'd infinitely prefer keeping her to myself to giving her to a second edition of her father, for example ; besides, she's much too clever a girl ever to marry a man who would insist on being her master, and she's ranch too clever a girl to be satisfied with a nonentity, and it isn't easy to find the happy médium." " Have you never found it?" I asked en couragingly; for if Mrs. Carruthers feels her self justified in talking in this; strain, I, as a young man eager for experience, feel myself perfectly justified in leading her on ts continue ' " YOB, once, when it was too late," she says, with' an afleoted half-checked sigh, and a singularly bright and untruthful smile. Oddly enough, though the nfl'ootation and un truthfulness strike, they don't shook mp as they would have dono a few hoars ago. The spell of Mrs. Carruthers is upon mo ; she is a law to horself I Nevertheless, though I own that the glamour is upon mo, to the extent of making mo accept her dicta unquestioningly, I tell myself that if Elinor is what : her mothor has made her, then Elinor must bo about tho last person in England I should like to have for my wife. I think this as I get away from tho vivacious matron's side at last; and foregoing my original intention of seeking Elinor, I go meditatively to my club. Mrs. Carruthers favours mo with another sido view of her character, in a few days, and succeeds in doing away with my first impres I sion of hor in a singularly conclusive way, for n tims. Opportunities for tho public display af her talents as actress' or reciter not offering themselves at this juncture, she spends a large portion of her time in the privacy of her own home, to a participation in the intellectual pleasures or which she freely admits me. Her "little girl," I observo, often listens to her mamma's narrations, wijji an expression of admiring, airoctionoto incredulity, that would load a suoptio to suppose that Mrs. Carruthers is a romancist of a fine order in private life. Out the timo ia not ripe yet for mo to be sceptioal in tho slightest degree about aught concern ing Mrs. Carruthers. In the.porlanoe of my self and the few men on whom I have con ferred tho inestimable boon of an introduction to her, she is tho " frankest woman ¿ut," and wo all applaud hor to tho ocho whonover she malton a brilliant statement, oven though it may savor moro of tho ideal than tho real. Poor Pendleton, I remark, about this time begins to estimate himself rather more modestly and correctly than ho did of yore. He allows it to dawn upon him that Constance Terrias is mordy tolerating him.' (We all ? call hor '. Constance Torriss '' behiud her back, and assail our consciousness by declar ing that wo only dp. it.because she is a public character ; I go so far as to .say I should as soon think of speaking of " Mr.'JShokespeare, as of hor by her married name.) " Slip's a splendid creature" Pendleton says ' gloomily, looking up at his goddess from a distance ; " but she's just the least hit in tho world sel fish, Power, old boy; I don't say to you, ' Ilaware ! trust her not, she's fooling thoo,' but I'll just mention that she used to récite to mo by tho hour, and if I ask. her to do it now, she says sho oan.ohly ' get the steam up whan she has an audience ! ' I've done more for her on tho Press than any of you fellows will ever do, and now she'll hardly look at me when you'ro in tho room, and makes a point of always having neuralgia when I call on her alone. Sile's selfish,' that's what Constanoe. Torriss in; and when a man has- sorved her ends, and gratillod her cursed vanity, she'll .drop bim without even a decent . show of hesitation. I don't .want to caution you, but toko care." " I'll tell her you'ro nettled at her seeming nogleot," I say oarelossly, for 1 feel very sure of my own ground with tho candid and clover eauso of Pendleton's discomfiture. Poor little follow I I am really sorry that self-oqnoeit should huvo lad him to-thia hitter end. Nevertheless, ¡tis a,wholesomo lesson to Pen- - dleton, and that it has been given him, is doubtless for his ultimate good. I don't like that allusion of his to having served the our rent queen of.my soul on tho ProBS. It does not become the mouse to remind the lion of any little assistance rendered, in the matter of nibbling any ignominious cords that may have fettered tho noble animal nt any time. That tho friendship of Constanoe Torriss |ro pays a man fully for tho staunahost service ha can render lier. Wo-Mn), Carruthers and :I-have fallon . into thu habit of interchanging thought, sen timent, and exporionca to a oonsiderablo ext teni. That is toraay,vEimiiginu an 'I intor. ,chunga" ls-going on. I'ondluton'(who ia . bitter) says thut tho obligation is a ouo-sidqd ? QUO, and that I-am Bimpiy tao receptacle . for . alie loone .thoughts for wliicli ruy bnllinat an J ^versatile friend, desires lo.fin4>a stgre^hpnso. Ho says that the mere fuel of her expressing a view makes her remember that'sbe holds it. Accordingly she expresses a vast number of uncommonly staggering views, . and I meta phorically sit at her feet and ; worship; her, , and «¡sh that heaven ' had ' made rae such a w*mah, and repine ut not being brave or rash enough to üy to vin her. "I long for retirement, for rest in which to carry out some of the ideas with which my braiu is teeming, Mr. Power," she says to me sometimes, \with an expression of lueifable weariness that is really creditable, from- the artistic point of view, to n woman who isn't; in the least weary of any thing. "Yon proba bly mistake me to the degree of thinking that I find pleasure in this vortex, bairn, in the fulsome flattery that is offered me, satisfaction'? in knowing that I am envied, and therefore; hated by ,0ther women, who invariably find themselves neglected .when I ani by'7 but iu this you misjudge me, 1 ossureyou that yqu do." .'??'* '. . " .' ?. . * .. ' ;As I have never seen her' in ' the " vortex,", nor heard the "fulsome flattery," nor detected tho' dark vein of hatred which rans'through the jealous minds of other women concerning her, I can conscientiously aver that I have never for o moment suspected her of finding pleasure in ; any one of those, things.; But this disavowal does not satisfy the keen per oeplivo genuis of Mrs. üárrüthera for un in stant. ' ; ? ! - ?' ; 1 ' .. " Ah yes, you say so, but I know too well what you and all those who ara only superfi cially acquainted, with me think," ;she says, with a sad smile and ari incredu lous shake , of the head. " Because' it j has boen my duty; to my .child to struggle in public for the ? means ol', supporting her, people aro cruel enough to suppose that I.Uko the notoriety and adulation''.that, falls to: my lot, whereas, iri, reality, I arri weary of it all. All 1 want is quiet, and to see my Elinor happy." " She's a charming girl, and is sure to marry well," I say timidly. It is the only form .pi encouragement as to the future which occurs to me to offer to herat the moment, but I feel that it isfpainfully common-place in the case of such a superior .woman. "Marry!" she repeats with superb con tempt, " do you think that I look forward to ber fulfilling a domestic destiny, which might in nhy way resemble mine, with anything like satisfaction or hope? No, no, Air. Power, dismiss that notion from your mind at. once. Elinor can support herself already. I gave ber a magnificent musical education, and she turns her knowledge and proficiency to account and gives lessons. I have brought her up to, be quite independent of .marriagejas a means" .f-living.-; She, like rae, is justified in being a little extravagant in her tastes; sho pays for, them herself." , " Poor girl !" I say, compassionately ; 'f it's rather rough on her'that she ' should go throughj tho drudgery 'of teaching ; r»usio.". The. truth is, it is a considerable'let-down to meto hear that'the devoted mother, who is already flaunting the sacrifices alie is perpe tually making for her child before my eyes, should allow that child to take the responsi bility of her own maintenance: upon herself atsuoh an early age. For the first time .it strikes me as a hard and incongruous fact that the girl should always be dressed' in the plainest and poorest . materials, while the mother is invariably arrayed in garments of price. It must be conceded tb Mrs. Carru thers that she is justified in her course as far as results go. '- Mrs. Carruthers, seen by the morning light, untouched by the painter's art, is not altogether so pieising an object as the dainty dame who sweeps down to dinner in sheeny silk, or the even grander lady who rolls off in black velvet and a little brougham occasionally to read and recite to a , select coterie. But the 'glamour., is on mo to such a degree still, that I look upon tho haggard, hard-faced woman, with whom;. I ' sometimes, breakfast, as an unreality; while I take for truth the dclicately-complexloned; beaming, brilliant woman who shows herself . to us at. night .'. .. ' ?.? ? " " " ? The shadow .that fell so softly at first be tween Mrs. Carruthers arid, Pendleton begins: to deepen now perceptibly. Poor fellow, I am very sorry for binti Still there is some thing contemptible to my mind ;in tho .futile-i way in which he struggles to retain her.flag ging attention and regard.' I know, her real sentiments, wbiob, with womanly considera, lion, she conceals from him. ... .' lie's a bumptious little booby," she tells me confidentially; "I have shown him a longer string of kindnesses than I can Omi mernto in a hurry, but because, forsooth, he bas .chosen to fall in love ' with me he con siders me ungrateful for not putting up with his tediousness whenever he chooses to be stow it upon me, and Pendleton is tedious,, even, his best friends must admit that; all selfish people aro' more or less tedious indued, for they, will talk about themselves; to:me there is nothing more insufferable ; than Charlie's habit of chattering on.and on iib.out himself and bis hopos und disappointments ; ', I never get a ob ance of saying a word ; about myself, and naturally' my own inlgros ts.are moro engrossing to mo thamflfcBBe Pendle ton's." . *'. .-''.'; ; v. "Yes, selfishness is . very trying," I ;say quietly; "supposing you givo Pendleton a lesson on the absurdity of it'by asking biri) to spend the evening with you, and showing him that you have ? about you those who,, with' powers far superior to his, are contontod to abrogate all claims, to consideration or a hear ing in your presence". ., -.. '* " 1 really think you appreciate and undor stand me," she answers meditatively ;'- " at one titrio I believed that Charlie did too, but to my bitter regret the scales have fallon from my eyes about him, and I seo now that' if his own, poor little insignificant' talents lind no field for display ho getH impatient and restless, and utterly unablo to-discern ,the talents of others f however, if you like to bear the burden of him, I will ask bim here, and try to give my attention to what he says abotit himself.". .'.'?:". She gives mo n warm smile . and a warm white hand as sho says this, > and for an in stant I feel treacherously disposed to join.ber in tho buo and ory she is. raising against Pendleton's human frailty in fabling a slight interest in himself. But I oheok this ; dis position, and soy instead : : "Pendleton is a very good fellow, always roady to give a-friend a hand'lip 'either in pleasure or business ; I can't forget that he introduced mo to you." '* And I can't forget that ho .repented his act of unwonted generosity as : soon as hé found that the introduced , was estimated more highly:than the introducer; jealousy is such a common failing. ' Do you ¡know, that little -friend of mine, Mrs. Acton ? She's painfully . jealous of me, but still, Ss she helps to make -, an evening go, I'll ask her with Charlie and a few others ; and after that evening I must po to my work again, leaving you to put what impression of me Charlie and Mrs, Acton and other friends may Uko to give." " Mrs. Acton always speaks of youie terms of the highest admiration and warmest ro gará," I say stupidly, for X ought to know, by. this time, that Mrs. Acton is morely a peg ou. j which Mrs, Carruthers contrives, to hang any : viows or Bontimunts respecting horsolf, whíah Bite may desire to h,avo held, " I ::,'-_ . '' '.'.-.'.-^.V- - "'.,?"? ' ' '. . - "**''] ? '. 'Wlien you Have quito, done your'work i hore, I supposu you'.will ga away, Constance J" ., i Mrs. Aptoa-breaks out rather -unexpectedly i carly in tho evening " At homo," to willoh wo .1 .liuve all been invited for divers charitable purnpxes. by.'Mrs. Carruthers. : "WJien I have.quit« done my work !. Ah. wken will that be ?" Mrs. Carruthers replies, .with a pronounced sigh. " Not whilo there is a fool left in the world, and. lie. chances to come your way," Mrs. Acton answers. . . "And while this world lasts fools will exist in it, myrdear Alice,", Mrs. Carruthers says, with admirable command of temper. .".I.never saw the axiom ' One fool maltes many,' so perfectly illustrated before,". Mrs. .Acton continues pityingly, looking at roe. And I.begin to think that my enchantress's little friend hos fallen a . prey to the greeu- . eyed monster. Mrs. Carruthers endorses this opinion presently by saying: . " Isn't it strange.that .women can't quietly accept the faot of.', being" excelled? Alice Acton'is clever , and shrewd enough in a. limited way, and is wonderfully diplomatic as '?' a rule ; but even, she can't help showing that she feels, a little jealous now and then about me!. I cau't hèlp.beipg more versatile and so more attractive" than'other women, can I?. If I knew anybody aa superior to myself as I am to the generality of my own sweet sex, I slieuld aoeept her,superiority and never make - an attempt to ßglit.for supremacy with. her; but vanity,,vlittle !low.,vanity, blinds most women, and. they either don't know when they ara benton, or, they take you.men- far-suoh . fools that you don't know a hawk from a. heron. Now if Mrs. Aoton cast ino. into, tho shndo'at every ttirñ,' I should take avery dif-"\ , ferent line to hers." . -, ,; ?.<:??<; . " Mrs. Acton has plenty of, tact,". I-venturo . to remark.. ,, . " Ye3, but it's useless her opposing tact to* . genuine talent," Mrs.. Carruthers- says. " I baye no patience willi people who over-rate á quality, that haman' beings .possess iu-common - with cats. . Mrs. 4o:on cnn keep her tempor ? under, and can please people who are taken io by ber ; but directly she comes in contact - with anyone more brilliant than herself, sha ' takes refuge in the weak woman's silence ! I . - love Alice Acton, dearly, but 1 can't help sec - ? ing that she is rather shallow, and moro tha<i rather vain. There are times when I don't hesitate lb .tell her that I think she is making a fool of herself." ? ~-'.( "It always strikes me that Mrs. Acton has' . just caught the shadow of your vivacity; but fails to give it any substance in consequence^ of having less dramatio power, and ?' a -weaker physique," I Bay,' 'surrendering" Mrs. Aoton . and her claims to the, smallest partiale of courteous consideration, on ' the spot. ; Tho truth is, I have put Mrs. Carruthers on-such : a lofty pedestal ; I have roared oat her . praises so loudly, and o ailed so pertinaciously, on all whom I know, to come and. admire'the. ' piece of perfection I believed"her- to be-at ? the onset, that I am', wilfully blind; to any sign my idol gives of : tottering, outi of COP- : sideration for my own opinion.. If sh« is not the bright : particular star I haye-.insisted upon proclaiming her to be, then have'£ . blundered.too. egregiously! 1 rashly deter, mine to give her ft fair, opportunity, of putting ,; out tho lights of a: great, number of the lady friends of my family. ; Some,ot these '.'know ., her a little 1 already, and most of them dis: , like her moro than u little already ! .For -she .'-'' has, as it were, swooped me otf in. her. eagle .'?. flight, from tho midst of their, safe -fold,- and .-v.. they speak of mo os " poor young Power" .to- . one auothèr,-and avow that I really! dare not ; " soy that my soul is my own.in the presence:. of Mrs.. Carruthers, who, they, meanly, in.' ; sinuate, only refrains- from, .entertaining ; .< honorable matrimonial intentions towards me, . because sh o is trying to mature some more ' ; ? proiitable ones in relation to another in others. They ? shall,"seè her as she' is,":I resolve rashly. So I' call them together under the pretence of feasting, them under, my newly- . decorated bachelor roofr-in reality that they L , may soe''with.what superb ease and, propriety , Constance ¡ TérriBs fills the thwno I am-at ... this juncture always ready to ereot for her °at any momont, on ¿ny spot. '' ?.:-:'; l}y soma special , gift of divination, "some ' . astute power .of reading whatever shë desires ',-.* to... read, Blie- disoóyers that they, aro all opposed to and intriguing against her. '. Still'-'W »ho is very magnanimous, for though,she re fuses to believe me when I tell her that not.'--,' one of them has hazarded a word against her, she makes ai free and ample display.of her-; "' great and varied'ttilonts'for their amusement;: .*;: while I amblo'about the room,, and try. to bo meek under the "exalted feeling I have, that I am tho moans of their benefiting by.-thej OOM-' / densod , essence, of the several/ talents of George Sand, Adelaide Kembtçv Grisi, and Illiston... I try to ;romembor that sh« is but ._ human, and - though pf ." groat parts,": that ;'.-.',' these. M parts " may crumble away dt the first cor.taot, with cold or catarrh. Alas ! it never,V occurs to me that "she may crumblo .away. . from me,: leaving".me to perish under the ; :; ruins of that' temple of appréciationand .. : flattery in which I havo eoslarinsd her, and into which I insist upon calling all i know, to come and worship. , " All yóür friénds" detest me," she whispersV -% to ino several times during the evening ;' .'" "but it's jealousy; and I um. sure I do no-. , ' thing to create it. I am'simply .what''nature'.."?' made me ; and I ask you do 1 do anything to detract' from them, or. to distraot attention, from them ? The great majority of them are' fools; but thoy'ro not such fools as not.to' ;" see that a womau to whom the powers above ~ v havo youohsafed.brains, takes tho pas of them; i. in spi'o qf '? all thejr, showy, well-gilt,' weakly inoffensiveness/- 1 can't' congratulate you- :~ Sn your : , galaxy' of' beauty;..Our, estimablo ! Alice Acto ti can , hold';:her. -ii own -with .tho . best pf thom. ' It .waa ' prudent bf you to boor tho charms in mind when you' we're issuing" yinir invitations and - ,-. to take caro that they should not be outBho.no.'. ; See hów'thoy.hate mo, because you. stay- by '' !mp! Go and do your duty, Cecil; 'gp »and ,onjr>lè those wearisome women' with 'a'few:*y:': 'compliments, suited to their, shallow. ' under-: ,iS standings. Yos I tliey are shallow, Ceoil ; you , ' know they are, only you're not frank as I am, - and so you dare not say it." '. v '." Some of thom aro dear good women'" I ? s'ay.'hùmbly ; and I mention, two or three who hove boon vory kind to mo, and for no ulterior objèot, I can swear. ''. '' '. '. \< ' .?''.-'." '.''?";.',;" '., <; Dear, good women," my charming friend j echóos,laughing ; ".so was your grandmother's washerwoman a dear good woman,. I've no doubt; is that any ,reason why. they should let their ill-nature got the, botter pf. them, to the extent of showing' me, ns they do, that .'..'?' they abhor me, booauso every man in the - . room wants to talk to mo ? I don't care , for , v the -attention of tho million, . do I, '\ ?Elinor?!', ;= .'-? : ? ? ^ i ';'?; " No, mamma, not at. all," tho obedient girl . answers promptly, with un obedient but peed- ' '. ' ,' liar smile. ' V - .'? '-C3 '?--!;',: " But I am not' going 'to bo syoopbant '.','. enough to evade it, for the sake of pleasing a ' . ..numbor of spiteful old women who, want to' ' damage mo, because"! am not as disagreeable :? as they are themselves.'' ? «' I ara sure they don't want to damage you, and I'm equally »uro ' that you'ro the only person who thinks thom disagreeable," I SBy; striking a feohio blow for theso poor traduoed friends, of mino, who are really innocent of ali pjlbnca against my tompostuous enslaver. But \ in spite of all my woll-moant endeavours, I ' fail in organising an harmonious meeting. Por though Coustmco Torriss is liboral in giving, herself to tho good onu90 of amusing my friends by tho display of hor matchless^ abilities, she is not by any moana ButiafiaoV with, the meeds ot" applause thoy give, he ? ' and so ooudomns _tUem wholesule. foi being. . boUnc^ia ,tho meshes of hondea», oedworùy, * Half nt leRKt of iuy friends go away oU'i'iided willi lier, Bini, shu is in lum oileiided «¡iii »ll my men friends, for'not having joined lier in' deriding everybody els«. The morning after thin, Pendleton takes occasion to tull mo Itu " hopes that I am nat going-_J.o malia- ii fool of ruysell." 1 du not anmvfcr him iri" words' Words' addressed by me to Pendleton un tin's occasion wiiuhl be weak, foe tho laws of civilisation would re strain me from expressing oven a mo-lumte ' »mount of .thu inull'aldti -scorn «ml - disgust-- 1 . feel for any fellow calling himself a friend, v who dan coiiduscoud to usu thu idle verbiage v ttf^Uu-frivi»lolls- world .nboiit-sueh~a-tmperb i woman ns Constiinoe Ton is«. Accordingly 1 " do 'not deign to answer Charlie Pendleton, ?but in " tho . afternoon 1 propose lo Min. Car ruthers. . , . ; -\ -?- . '¡.'?.It is' very' romantic! She doo» nut quite , aocopt nie, nor does alie by any means roluse #lñói' She tells ino thiit I HUI a very foolish boy .'tojwiinfc-to »iiiirrya woumti who umiiiot Jiolp shoing ; couseiuiix of being' far moro 'highly ; gifted Intellectually, thim myself or uuy other *mmv,''ïuid fihe iiibdoslly adds, that my "¿olly . lias hoon shared hy' «very other marriageable . 'í"mémbor bl''iiiy'HeXf ,wliÔHi' fate it hus broti to ' Vóorrto'.neroMS'Iier pnlli." ."''At the sanie timé shu j : gives ino -to understand (lint I um riuli!y:_ eii V'doWecl^with'ninny'of the qualities 'she oliiully udiuiieu in a mun, especially in ii lover¡who ?'proposes transforming himself hilo a JIUH ; band. On liiqniry riiirid -lliiit tllé.só qualities it-aró'hFh- st, niijireoiatioi) of Constance' Terris* ; àWccbiid,'-syinpiitliy'.witli Constance Teiriss; -tliiltl,' belief ; iii ' the supreitiiicy of Coiistiuico_ * Témss ; y'ah'd lastly; úiimpleto' leiidinoss to' ''abrogate: all claim to right of judgment or individuality 'pf fatty liiiid', iii tho pruséiïce.". ol' ï'Constanco Terriss!'-My other' virtues nniy bu 1 raie and niuiiy, but silo hus iio cine for thuin. \- So oh' tho'strength- of, those' which shu;hus . \- taught mu to develop in' relation io 'herself, ;Mra;;Gárruthcrs cousants'toiet mo contract ! o sort of - engagoinont with' hm','-which does i'nbt' qúite- fottor-her, um) whioli lonves: ino [ without'the1'ghost of a chance of freedom. .!*|'irpvö,-'as far ns tho woman is conteriiuA," '.sliq tells 11107 ;"to: bo happy, must bu free; (directly.ho is bound, lió bógorites either odious Xdr'í'idioulóÚH'.'' ?"' To* my ówii surprise, I assent .to.hor proposition. ? Then I- go bomb' to' tell 'îlfly'triumph'to Pendleton,'who is not nearly ; BO embittered by the, tidings us' 1 bavo- been '/fearing he;would-hoi: J .' ,¡: .j?Perhaps-1 ? ¿nay bo your stop-son-in-law, ' Cècil,' old boy',"' hu says, with emotion. ' "'Elinor is n jewel : of a girl, lind will nniliu a 'je'nel'óf n wife--" .> ' ' ?' ?'' ;.{:"" Have youlia'd.the presumption ! tv aspire !'to Elinor ? " I'interrupt hotly, actuated,'as1'I: ' topiVoBe,''by a feeling .bf paternal pride'und ?jeàlpusy. Charlie,Pendleton is a very nice,-' : amiable' 'y'óúiíg fellow,- but - he; .will never set rtlïe'Tliamesron"; fireV'i I interrupt him,' tliere i foreJ'witH à/degree'bf heat and asperity Unit ;,hTi 'ár>pareritly fails' ip;, understand; . for. he replies :'v ; '1 '''"';:\: ' '? ;' ít>»)f.,/Thaíís the way the' cal jumps; is it? I .thought the communication- youmado to inc ¡júst.npw.: referrcd'.to the mother,- not'to! the daughter ?,'.', ;> ?; ; . .-..'.'-.; ¡-j. -' ?/. ? sj-JUstand m tne position ot mrs. t-arruiners rànîanced vhusbandv" Üterefo'ró' her' childi to "whose welfare she ha's 'ever devoted ' hersch í ik a way that is unparalleled in the annals of maternal love, is as'dear to me as herself." tn^Vt'Re^y^-l'Fehdleton-VisAys, sarcastically; ; Vion myiwqrd/.Power; l:.yön't,ltnow whether ithat sentiment does'most'honor to your head '-, oryour; heart;, shall wo put it to Constance :i.Terriss,'and;leave the decision to,her? " i V:A'HH'et decision'jwill- be mine,"1-! say, ¡and /Pendleton roars with laughter, and ansvVerS ith'at he hopes Mrs/Carruthers will' edit^ my actions for th'efuture-withher head; ahdjnot 'y with'her: heart. ' 'And if Elinor is in question fcsh'e won'timake a fbol'ofherself."' " .;> \ , i'1'"'1I l'8fiall. "stand .th'-place' of á father,to ?Elinor,"% I ; say|"feigúingyto misimdersfand ' him still,;«'' ahd whbn Elinor's happiness is-af stake, my'.wife will come to me for, advice.!' .] jí'í,'/N6' doubtshè .willj'and'not '. take 'it when you'1 give it;"-Pendleton says heartily. ;- " dear old'boyi-I see it's going-to be all right; nnd V i'«hall.rnotJbe: astonisheef ifyour niother:in^law .-?jdances ñtbíisakdbwn at yonr wedding." ' . ! .>??? ?ff"1rtíBf.'tiBJlK i^teil^"|ïrié: ^'fc^gt'tf ßaM; ^âo^'bitr'èlmoii '^Nêyértjiolbss .'it^is^mô're "iiV '-^So^'t^njih/ábgér. that ï. lônVçl'PëiDi'dloitori,'' '.ônd'yb'ÔrO'io^ tlié'â '"whew- 1J Ípoiiipose^nnd.:ppn(allotter;'ioj my ,popplo'"ot* home1, '{^nourioin'g'"h>''thom'thitt'I1 "l'^p^^q'.'tâ'l'e^mô^tKql h'risbarid of Cpnstàriop ?.Tcrrisi'|l'.'Jhat7they' 'will'bo. afrä'd,' with' à ''¿íé'át/deal 'of 'nmnk'omöht,'wlioti they come tip' ftp .U^S' ; wedding, and*, soo the briùV, I hayb ¿o '?manner'^of 'doubt,' ' ¿:ÍJut; iii'.tho'- mpátítimo', /.uhtfrthoy, dp seo lier, I' draw ' her lilies ¡and 'rpuïïb'hor colour's'in n way' thnt wllii astomid "tlionj','o'.lilllpi' Mf|l'.'mu^'3Vi$m ¿tb^iee^ {vfti "b'bunde'd admirntm^ ' coht'olióico.; .'.-.:' ¡ . '/' . *''" ''"''Pgrpw/inbre bud' moro nervous ;hs I indite , ,Mic letter,'for in thp, natural order bf things lithe' daughter hos tb bo mentioned as ;well, as; ¿Ithó' mother.;: ' ' My' work .is' easy- as for* ¿sf. Cou "[atónos gobs^for ; I can say of. hor literary bud r'àrtistio ropiitatiori goncrally ;ali; that I ;cim '.remember .that tho' roviows'liavo; skid' during > tile'last, teri years'..' Atul whbñI coúip':tb{tho íílbsoriptipn'. 'of, lier priyato ? worth ; ttñd ¡lióf V'sbóiál charms--wall ! words fail "mc/ ' .That ? '¿drtion bf my letter Uierofpro is soon scáuipud .yin,'[bu'tj when ; it! becqiuo's' hetossiiry' .to '?? say B6muthihg~nbbut Klinór, difllcnltioa arise, and ?;*I feel tliat'I slinltblunder in designating her. V'Cpnimbh sensé tu)ls/mb: that it is' soiiilb to ; sp'bblc Pf this gracious^ t-wbpian'^ mid 2^1 ¡'slirink3 with,minnaccbuntaulo.'shrinldiig: ÍCif bm K'pbakirig"of lib'rns )»y'í futüre;dáiiglilor." :vTf.;I bnrplpssly record tho fact of her existence : ;i;and/sby .nö'')nbroidVbut her, tlioy Will all ; sot ^óílVsjfc.oúlatirig' about;'[lier ? at hpiiiq. iil,.,lho .'/.Wildest hlaiinor. '/My mother's .hämo,isi .li) me í'ii';:Hyribnymí/fpr 'ah thrtt' is ."good; aiid kind, ^;générbiÍH,/trüthfuli and"tolerant. ; . Still shu f'wlligiVo a' sooohdltho'ught to. the fact, that I ^'^yat'iiyé/i^d^tWúty; going; to toko tho ros- , iponsiBility of a daughter only, fbur-aiid-a-lialf .'-'years "younger /'thjnii ; myself upon mo ! I ;!'gr'Pan;as;r bráso .'my. first paragraph ; about ?VElinpr,J.íand commence a souond .with .tho ;.'wörd.s.' j''MyCoristánpo'has a child." I.back vaown'.' ut'-tho"point, bud tho words I'have ¿iuditod'^s'Íaró,":'hiioU'/iíp'bn'. 'mb- . from ^ tho ?pflj^er^'anäf8e^'.tö>ei»ro%cii.. mo,¿or having *'r»ut tho/fabt^sb crudely. Bnd. imiiörfectly.. Tho ^.röjijfiüöjiipis .\unWrihy'. ,'oï''Elinor; and of, LÍ1myselíV;,"'';VÍt!;h'ovér';bccürs;itp, ;íno:, a¿; tho, :jtimb.',tiiáy'ia'^^ "is ; iún'wbrlli^y ^ . ? Stance'.', -::.^a^vel^!.T|;tM^.Vntyj' soeôàd - para-:, ^granh'abbut^linb ' iV"í 3Í-'-îs lieire "is ,'tí <liáu"lit*irJlj'y* ¿1 ^p"jlrHt iiiürx-lfvgo./ l;Wfit üÍV y'oüV sbp^ /you-öxprq^ iRbuydoniiig^r thbm^ ' îpiniiiês.';.,^ Imp-, ^inl^^flnäwg'iv'orjr iittli/.tó say about it ! ,> As¡ ÎX'jïpo'Dbludo; my"; louer" / lo "ihy jiiôthèr.ï " trus't, '^liîiiisliVi^'i' takb;;my"'bliss, for -grhnto'd, . for '.^S^^"%^''K'yl^*^,ff:î!, oxiirossbd/iii tho '"passages;^JjliiiVpipfenneil/Ç4:';-:í^t':-^í-\ , ; ";^'*";fBin'tilo'eld^ ;i"liVters libVe'ca.^ ólislqiii ';iñ^'pur 'farailyj of Ibolaiig'up'to'tlip pldbs'tsob j- ^S th'b1'hopo and sy^ l-'íh'prlíoÜBé.. iAs b^raccj^ojioffor's "are ¡ rather, /bonservatwe; bhil hiive'a wlioWsbhio Ijpi-ior bf. ? hov/ ¿rooveü". .",}Vo: hayo always déómba tho ( .greáVÉarlVSyar\vieli's 'arubial test fór ibo iltnosB, j/of.women;fdr domestic life," flint'.thoy*slîoidd - t .kriów hont to spin lind bo 'virtuous','!'. .t|io'right' 'Ko'tíoí'; "f ' trcmbib, tlierolbro,' '.for .fny^parolits' /'p'ertcó ' of ' mind if, - on / th'ó; becrtsi bn ' of 'tlibir' ^iiäct>''^sl^;tii''tliä' ninrltet-tbwn';, they'öpo Ui'o* K'riamè 'jof ' ÇôristaniiB'! Tbrriss '"ndvorlisüd iii, ¡ iettérs/á foo.t highj bs tho leading attra'otibu t;ih'Üié!ciirróíít iiurauorof '("fiiving ijotorietibs,'.'. ''.'wliioh-:lH''!'jiist now boiug published with tiii ^ limitod'silccess/'.If a peeress hus proceded, f her, imd' a'prblate is advertised to follow, they; \- muy boor tho blow; with iortitùdor lint if » ;. dashing'diiriiiousb carried bil' tho honours Inst .iîuud'a'di'sliiigùiBhod divorcée' wUrsnulo' iipbii ''} tho' wbrlil''frbm: ribxt '-wublc's^! liiirtbon, ' thou". ' indeed-' .will thoy."bo'wuil: tlieiii'sblybs1' that' i f'lii'ivB "not'ljuoniurod.to tho altar by nab bf thu11 ! dbughters bf, our"o\vn land, who htivù'never | doña any thing famous or infamous enough tc win a pince for (IioinsolvoB among. 'f~Ziy\npÊ Notorieties.". How fervently I wwii; a« this dread thought crosses my luind' Unit thc editor of tho nlmvo-iiumecl admirable 'wjjrk ol nrt ¿ind fancy wore not ^nbove suspicion. ,11 gold.coiild procuro a placé iu those pages fbi ; tho ligliest gpod woman-in tho country with a Iiandleto-líer name, she should hayo it-: uni KO should thu stupidost of bishops! Hut, alas! 1. know u deaf eur would bo ? lurited~to - my . application,« .nnd^theivforô.-J Minke no eiibrt to suborn unyoue but just trust supinely to Futo to arrange k, so "that when-Klitior'smodieVdocrTii^^ appear in good oimipuny. . The more* I think of'Elinor, the more I find myself "sharing the' sentiments of the man. in 'Robert Bröugh's poem, " Neighbor Nellie." ? ' ?"* '?_ Still, as jealous as á mother,* . , .. A suspicious, cankered churl, .. /*- ' I look vainly for the setting, To beworthysuch a pearl,' .; 1 writhe as I remember (jliárlió Pendleton's presumptuous iptenlions^and, feel,that .(if I were, ijot.'çngagéd' to! l.ier. niiitherj.l should haye a better right thaiijie, lias ,to àsp'içc to the' hand of Uic girl jû'jiohi I. am rapidly' coniing'tb love'with a warmth ;that is.not at 'all'parental':' . '".,"V ' ,' '.' "' My fatlier'and mother are warin heaj- ted,-: impulsive'ricbple, wíth'^ It occurs to them, therefore, that it would -be a', good thing, to coiiie up'and, answer my an-, nouncement .of the matrimony that is impend, .ing ill person. They, arrive at my chambers bne afternoon, just as I :im preparing to start for " tea vAth my -grand proprietress, and with . iiiány misgivings I entreat them Ui.accom- . pany me. Tiley accede at once with'a'read!-, ness that is revolting lo nie, and a hopeful expectation'of finding my future wife all and more than I have described, her, that makes me tremble.-.. That they will find bur M good deni moro I have no doubt. - .IfXcan only I manage tb murrnur a request tb Constance, unheard by others, that' she will tone herself "down," all may yet be well. Buoyed up by this hope, I venture forth With my parents and presently wc arrive in, Mrs. tlarruthers's drawing-rooin,and my trial I by .fire coiiiBieiices. " '"-',' Mt really is a very pretty scene. There are I three or four of her perfidious female friends present,' and Mrs, Carruthers herself, tn : a peacock blue Watteau .gown, is " dispensing ; the graceful hospitalities " of thc churned' toa-, ' table and Oriental china : and , Elinor is ex- .. ijiiisite in an ivory-white ¡>;>igc that wraps itself 'about her in most artistic folds. , My mother, after greeting holli Constance and her " little girl '* kindly and gravely, says : , ." So you're goiug to be iny son's wife, my dear? I don't think I .could have chosen .better for him myself.'' '; - I don't think you could," Mrs. Carruthers exclaims." ',' ,, .' ..*-.,';,!.?, i :-;' I l*ls a very bewildering hour. , But Ejinor and I ale so clearly revealed to each other'by the Hash of Uiat divine 1.intelligence, \vhich . irradiated thy mother's remark, that wc bach feel lhere can be rio going back. '. For of course it speedily'settles" itself; thus! -Elinor.and I arc going to marry, and-?that little'- preliminary mistake I have made'will never be, referred to b'y'us. , j : 