? *& THE HOMEWARD MAIL j Tm pafibical events of ti» month hare been oi a most irrnplivc character. There hu been a reconstruction of the Cabinet, with Mr. Donglu as Premier, Mr. Thorn, who vacated the post, retaining Hie Works portfolio. Mr. MflES.aemenWIorSorlterDDowM.ha, been appointed to the Colonial Secretaryship, in the room of Mr. K. M. Stewart, who retired from office to attend to private tmsi ness. In other i«speetB Ministers retain Uietr old posts. But change ia aba rife in flus legislative bodies. The Hon. W. Taldwyn has resigned1 Us seat in the Council, and been gazetted Police Magistrate Cor ttalby ; «,! (bere are tfan vacant eeatem the Assembly, earned by the resu;nanon of Ifr. K. S. Lord! the manner for Gympie; of Mr. Oscar de Saige, the member for Normanby ; and of Mr. M3es, the member for KortZHsm Downs, whose acceptance of office necessitates his re- election. Besides ftese, there are rumours of two pending rengnaSona, vfc, those of Mr. Amhnrrf, fcr Bowen, and Mr. Walter Scot*, tor Mnlgrave. A few weeks at tie most wul teat Ok matter. Meanwhile, Mr. KJdgen and Mr. Meflor hare been nominated for Mr. Lord's vacant seat and Mr. Rees B-Jonw, solicitor, of this town, whose address appears in tie present issae, has consented to come forward (or the STor ?anlrdecloote. Mr. D. L Wallace, 'of Logan Downs, is also mentioned as a posAle candidate. 'Ox colony is likely to be wcD serred whienerer genttanau is elected. A somewhat nice lUwaUUiUimal question n raised by Mr. Tbora'e resmnanUD of Che Premiership. The head being defnnct it was contended by «'?« that the body mart also give op the ghost, and by others that the body might get a new bead, tints amiding Oe time and trouble necessarily inTotred in a general demise and reKngdtatuo. The latest antboritis were held to femur the latter new of theooesSon; and both the Bngfah Reform Aetof van, andtheOMensUnaSbtate, wiseV came into operation on the 28th of December, m the came year, were found to make a radical distinction between a mere reconstruction, and the acceptance of office by m non-official member of On Home. The rule laid down by May, and otters, bang tint a member who has already vacated hs seat on the acceptance of one office—as all the Ministers had necessarily done— was not cequind to vacate it on the acceptance of another. Hb Exedkney Governor Gains accepted thin rolhw, and sanctioned the neonstnietion of me Cabinet, ?K. as ^it may be called, exchange of portfolios. The debateable -[nesttOT^Sl remains, how e»er, as to whether the Pnanier can resign Us headship and accept a sabordinate placein the same Ministry. So far the crisis has been tided orer. It is said tjbat Me Thorn earned the ttanks of the liberal Ekrty, by tie eonse he has adopted; and asam-government organ states plainly tiat die Ministry, wim fir Thorn at its bead, would hare had little chance of pulling through another Parlia mentary seBaoE. This is no doubt tilt general opinion; and the late Premier eeem. tobare listened to wise counsels. Bnt thanks in men » *?« are same somewhat equimcal: for S the old regime had been continued and Mr. Thorn's Ministry defeated, aay on a ample rate of no confidence, he and his cabinet would have bad no alternative but to retire, leaving the dignity of office to another. Is it ?-. we scarcely see where the thanks come in. He has merely preferred small fith to none, and fiat, of itedf, savours nothing rf patnottsm. No sooner had the turbid watm of poStics assumed a placid appearance, than Sir Maurice O'CoDaen-Kastempoaray invested wim Hie reins of Goremment; and fab Eueuenev OorernorCaims, shaking the dust fromhis feet kA the shora of Queensland for his vice-re^ charge in South Australia. The embarka&m; —on board the Government steamer Kate— ,. said to bare been a qoiet afiair, tte only dmnay having been got up by the dEehh mriradBeucy was £»m£ained to SeBay bytte MSmsters then in town, the JudReTof tieSnpremeCoort, andaevOTlmembeaoliar bsment The chief feature of the trip was a capitallnncheon, and an appropriate font la*; and before parting msTSraflency gave the '?Erosperity of Queensland,' ana ex pressed his regret at leaving; ?3us ended, so bruQMenataodu flonceraed, the abort aal nnerentfal earner of Governor Cams, win is knows to Oe majority of the coknaata flair byname. Ill -hajft is aaid to have confined sojourn here; but the fact ramdna, Dever tfaeksa. Oat a governor who takes no trouble to identify bjmseU with the interests of the people over whom he is placed wffl depart nnwept and unsung. Having evoked no feelhu| beyond Ot of mere raped, tsm was nothing to call form popular regret Una is tie ImtoS human nature, whether it aneet governors or the mmnt, of Her Uaieatyb subjects. Sir ArOmr Kennedy, is very unfortunate at the outset of his Queensland caner, as he has arrived in a vessel frifitf'1*^ icitiismaS'poi.aadmsEtgD into quarantine. The Chinese on board— some 600— are to be consigned to file domain of mosquitoes, as our quarantine ground may fittingly be called ; botluseKeneocy, and probably alko the otter white nswogem, win proceed to Uoreton Bay, where they win renuin, anrme the specified period. Telegrams on the subject areprfaBhedmtimnBue Social afiaiis during the monrn hare been quiescent, though the pgbUc mind has been kept on the rack by the proceedings at the District Court The bank defanlterS-Woodd and Sorenne— were canvtcted, and sen tenced to four sW penal servitude; ana two forgers, a horse-atealer. and several petty tbeves got their deserts. An. aboriginal, named -'SaDdp,' has been com mitted for trial at the Supreme Count next month, on a charge of murder; and there axe eevenioiberimportant cases for trial. Our chiefly tiuongh tte wort tjunwn mwa ha - hands by^nighKjam' crhmnala.^Betty oftencei appear also to have been on the in crease, bat ft would be harardoos to Tenture a decided opinion on the subject without a care ful analysVL During the past few weeks tnde has been dun-but it ta m dalsen acoordmg to rule, being incalent to Hie season. There axe time BngE* ttadmg vessels bow in port-^viz., the Scottish Hero, now on the --ve of aaOingwith a fnll cargo of wool, skms, hides. tuW, pre Berved meat, tc ; tbe Scottish Emgbt, which isBowdiscbanpnctne Bockhampton poefaat ofb^c^o, and is to be placed on the berth ?which is beWGghtered, her cargo ooS^ pnocmdlr £ a large ronMRnmrpt of steel ail. for the QimeBalaBd&v;^naat. The cosetad and intercolooial abjppmg niflll III! Ills ?'**?? m £mmJ mnw /ki» w-* aenon, though a conmasmrrely dry one, has mterfenoa watte transit of wool fam the np-countay atatkns, othenrise the Scottan Hero^m^hthsve been de^atebed a couple of ' months esrfier. Lately, however, wool has been coming in more rapidly, and during the put fonr weebr 1618 biles were received in own. That, however, was notall available f ^or loading, a eoondertble propntuD miM to Sydn^The .sell of drfweatterlemf to hare bees again broken, and we hare bad two or&ree; -Uyi' rain, with a, nraapeot of «tffl -snore. .CThjle mterroptuiK trade to BOme ^N, It wifl do^S^Sj to the annoy, and there is tteiefaw a, laannfargrnmhBng. . 