[?] jSUtatoatci" entr; OR, TWENTY-FIVE YEARS OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE. BY DONALD CAMERON Author of " Scripopolit &c;,t tCc. Though shadows gather, sunshine fades, and life appears a vaio of sorrow ; Faint is tho lioart that God upbru!di- The sun will shine again to-morrow ! THE WAND OF THE ENCHANTER. PART II. SCENB I. A fiw yean— a few fleeting years have 'passed over Silverwater Bend sinco the -first part of this tale closed. Spring has -come again in all its glory of meadow flowers and wattle blossom ; but a change, a vast and tremendous change has come over the once fair scone. The stream merits no more its name of Silverwater Bend. There is no silvery water in Unit atroam now, it is of a dirty muddy colour. The woods are decimated ; tho trucks, once so silent, passing through solitudes whero tho boll bird, sang and tho lizard played upon the decayed logs, have developed into dusty highways, thronged with horse and bullock teams ; the air, which was resonant a year ago with tho music of the birds and tho lowing of tho cattle, is burdened with tho turmoil of a great assemblage of people. Above tho station, whero such solitude once reigned, thousands of whito teutB glitter in tho afternoon sun, and in every directiun tho once-verdant slopes are honeycombed with tho holes sunk by tho myriads of men who havo come from all parts of tho world to seek for trea sures. At tho brink of the water hun dreds of cradles aro busily at work, re ducing the earth with water until nothing appeara but a rich, golden residuum, that rich sand that gladdens tho heart of the weary cradler as nothing in this world can gladden. Yes, the Wand of the Enchanter has been waved, and the sylvan scenery of Silverwater Bend has been changed as if by magic. In tho year 1851 gold was discovered at Buninyong, near Ballarat, and at a place ncur Bathurst. Heretofore there had been an exodus from Sydney to tho Pucitic Slope, to that Eldorado, tho Golden Gate, California ; but unco it was ascertained that gold actually existed in despised Australia — that the Monarch of Men was enthroned south of the line, tho emigration stopped, and men began to look beneath their nose for that which they had so long sought in foreign lands, especially encouraged by tho favourable reports of tho veteran geologist, tho Rev. W. B. Clarko. Once the .discovery was made, there was no ond to ' tho parties who went out to search for gold. Ballarat and Bendigo burst upon the astonished colonies, like a catuclasm. Stories circu lated like wildfiro of men who had sailed back by tho vessel which had brought them to the colony, on her return voyage, with £20,0U0 or £80,000, made in a few weeks 011 Bendigo Flat, at the Eureka, or at Mount Alexander. Tho quiet popu lation of New South WUIcb, who had jogged along for years, droaming of nothing but a livelihood, awoke to the fact that they might, after all, becomorich. Children and grown people went fossick- ingabout tho gullies looking forthoyollow metal. It was not long before the yellow sands of tho rivcr3 and creeks howod where tho golden drift lay, and tho two colonics of New South Wales and Victoria began that wonderful career of prosperity which has surprised tho world. Whereas the tide of population had horetoforo flowod to tho golden land of California, it now began to return to Australia, and her truant sons were soon lauding on her shores again, accompaniod by Bhoals of tho youug, the vigorous, and tho adven turous. Tho pick of tho world's industry gravitated to Sydney and Mel bourne. Tho ocean roads to Australia, whicli before had been troubled by few ships, were now ploughod daily by scores of vessels, from tho humble schooner to tho groat leviathan of tho deep. And soon nn unwonted sight appeared in Austruliau waters, largo steamers, of which tho Great Britain — honoured name throughout Australia — was one of tho pioneers. How like a fairy tale it all is now when wo look back and think of it, how it resembles the story of tho Stooping Princess and the Enchanted Forost, which awoke from their franco when tho young prince appeared, after the lapse of one hundred years. Australia awoke to a now lifo, a now being, and entered upon that marvellous race of prosperity, which, if we oxcept California, has been unexampled in the history of the world. Old people who, like owls, had vege tated for years in tho fastnesses of the woods, stared with wonder when their retreats were invaded by shoals of human beings so unliko themselves ; men who toiled from morning to "night, who were full of vigour, and spoke in what was to the Australians of that day a new tonguo ; who wore Panama or "Cali fornia" hats instead of the antiquated cabbagc-treo tiles of tho colonists, whoso music was new and strange, who never used the Sydney exclamations — "My word," " By golly," " By crikey," etc. ; who had new-fangled ideas about every thing, and trod on prejudices without thinking. But tho old hands had no reason to so bitterly resent the advent of theso men, for to nearly all tho colonists they brought wealth, which, alas! they did not retain themselves. Prosperity and wealth followed in their wake. Sleepy Hollows of towns, whose inhabitants looked on the diggers with aversion, suddenly rose into importance, and these very inhabitants found themselves rich before they could realise their good luck. The humble hotel-keeper, who had pur chased an allotment in Sydney or Molbourno for a song — perhaps, for a bottle of rum — from some outcust who was gono over to the unholy fiend of Drink, rose every morning to find him self a richer man by hundreds of pounds. Squatters who had had to resort to tne Doinng-nown pot to mnao anything out of their sheep and cattle — sheep could then be bought for a shilling, and cattle for ten shillings per head — found themselves millionaires when sheop rose to twenty and thirty shillings, and cattle to £20 or £80 — and these not the superior sheep and cattle wc have now, but scrubbers. There was not an interest but the diggers benefited. They made Australia. "When I pass by a solitary hatter now t in some loue gully, and look at his worn fi-aiue and desolate aspect, I am filled with infinite pity. I look back and seo | this man, youngand vigorous, stepping on tho shores of Australia, hope in his ! heart, elation in his eye, in company with thousands of his kind. Tho pano rama of ilia years of toil and lavishnosB pasBes before me like a dn am. I reflect that tho work of this man. and such as him, built Melbourne, Sydney, Dunedin and Brisbano, enriched thousands who now live in oaso and plenty, added to tho world's wealth by developing this continent and its mineral treasure ; and yot hero ho is now, penniless, with nothing beforo him but tho namoless gravo of a pauper in some bush cemetery. When I pass a deserted diggings, over grown with tho young growth of gum trees, immediately there arises before mo ' the picture of that spot when thousands of diggers were at work there, when everything was bustlo and turmoil. Where is that great crowd now ? Gono to join tho Shadows of tho other World, tho Great Army of tho Eternal ! On moonlight nights, as I bavospedin tho train up the plains towards Ballarat, Bathurst or Bendigo, I havo seen, as in a vision, tho great train of human beings that moved up towards theso centres, day after day, night after night, from the sea-board, to conquer tho stubborn earth and to wrest the golden treasures from its bosom. It seems to me as if their ghosts were still journeying on towurds the golden gate of their hopo, the goal of their pilgrimage, their dissatisfied and disappointed ghoBts. How many a foot that trod these plains, eager to reach the Promised Land, is now at rest, dust and ashes as the path they trod years gone by. Feet that never returned to the home the pilgrims promised to cheer and bless when they left the shores of their native land. Ah ! me. Ah ! inc. Resting their horses, two riders, a lady and gentleman, surveyed the Silver- water Diggings (un appropriate name) from a high knoll covered with she-oaks. It was indeed a busy scene. The bush had been out down and used for fire wood or building ; and there were great open spaces by the side of the river which wero dotted with tents and mole-like mounds. Some of tho hills wero bared of tho auriferous drift — "surfacing" this species of digging was called — which had been taken to tho creek and washed, tinging the water a deep red. On one side of the creek rose an embryo town, with long lines of conical or square tents, and hero and there a more pretentious canvas structure, a store or publichouso. Some few places, these wero the palaces, were made of slabs and barks, and hero the hoi polloi congregated. In the out skirts rose huge tents, devoted to the show business, circuses, thentres, dancing- halls. In one of these, time-honoured Ash ton' a circus, which every Australian youth must roniorubor, a matinee wa-i going on, and the bray of tho German band fell upon tho ears of the equestrians not unpleasantly, as it was mellowed .by tho distance. Up and down the long street went tho never-ending procession of red or blue-shirted diggers, their trousers generally coloured by tho red earth. Drays wero going up to the diggings and coming down to the creek with loads of wash-dirt. Windlasses roso out of the ground in every direction ; and hero and there the canvas piping and open mouth of tho wind-syphons, ventilating the deeper mines, appeared. A little way from the main diggings was tho Chinamans' camp, whore the Mon golians, in blue Berge jumpers and trousers, wearing huge cane hats like inverted washing basins, trotted about, bearing burdens of great weight on their backs on bamboo stickB. At that moment a procession of Chinese new chums, were winding up the hill towards tho diggings in Indian file ; tho headman, who was dressed in yellow silk, in tho vanguard, while his patient almond-eyed satelitea trotted behind, bending beneath the loads of rice, shovels, picks, oradles, and other paraphernalia. Tho Chinese, even in those times, were looked on with hatred and aversion, and wero driven away from tho richer parts of the dig gings. Only a month before the Euro peans had risen, and, but for the timely interposition of the police, sanguinary slaughter would have resulted. As it wus, tho Mongolians had escaped with sundry severed tails and blackened eyes. Silverwater Diggings had its police and its commissioner of tho Northern Gold Fields. The police barracks, known as the Camp — what a familiar name that has become throughout Australia — were on the right of the township on a hill, and were superior in style to anything on tho diggings. There was a neat ver andah slab and shingled house for the commissioner, and extensive slab and bark barracks for the sergeant and the police. The birds and tho kangaroos had fled from the scone, but tho aborigines had at once flocked to the township, and King Quambone and his family had a camp on a neighbouring hill. They wero now on tho road to destruction indeed. A few years, and the fire-water, disease, and tobacco would banish them from tho earth. Our readers will have already surmised that the spectators who gazed upon this novel scone wero Horace and Flora. Horace was the gold commissioner, who ruled over this creation of tho enchanter Gold, and Flora was soon to be his 'wife. Happy Day ! They hnd no need to toil like the myriads who worked below thom, upon whom tlioy looked with contempt. Horace had a splendid salary, Flora was to have a fine dowry, for John Sinclair had mudo more in tlio year after tho breaking out of tlio diggings than ho had all his life. His sheep and cattle, very nominal in price before, had "been sold at almost their price in gold, his horaoo valuablo as groat racors, his farm produce almost priceless — eabbugos had been sold at five shillings per head, butter, at ten shillings per pound ; milk, at five shillings per quart. From a family well-to-do man. ho had risen to tho position of a wealthy mag nate. It needs few words to describe what occurred sinco tho curtain fell on Part I., wo have already touched upon tho principal changes. Nothing had been heard of Percy after his sudden disappearance on that futcful night of the ball. Ho had vanished like a dream, und though every effort had been made to obtain information about bim, inquiries were in vain. There was a sorrowful rogret for his fate in every heart, but still everyone hoped that he would ere long turn up, like the prodigal son. Few spoke of him now ; indeed, in few hearts was his absence felt, except in that of his poor mother. She, ! who loved her youngest so deeply, so | tenderly, mourned for him day by day — I when she roso in the morning she missed ! the bright face, the beaming eyes, tho , brown curls ; throughout tho day a \ vanished presence seemed to walk, invisible i by her side ; at night she pondered on liis | fate, and, praying for him to heaven, | yearned for his return. Ah I a mother's love is wonderful, passing nil tho love on earth. Mi. Sinclair regretted Percy, rogrottcd tho hasty words tliatmado him a wanderer, but then the cures of tlieworld andmonoy- getting, grow so fnst upon him that he had little time to devote to sentiment. "With increased wealth he was adding to his cares. IIo was buying up stations in the back districts, conscious that as settlement progressed, Silverwater Station would be graduully taken from him, save what lie could purchase under the corrupt land laws. lie had despatched Frank with Iicetor McLean to Moroton Bay, where the two young fellows had taken up a block of land as large as a continental kingdom, on the banks of a newly dis covered river, wherein tho scared alli- gator cowered, astonished at the new state of things, but eventually pleased when ho came to comprehend that young lambs, who unwurily approached too near to his haunts, were more succulent tit-bits and better than tho tough black-fellows, who had hitherto formed the only variation of his diet. To he continued.) 