BITS OF PLEASANTRY. ? ♦ ? 'Make your home happy,' said a club man to a friend, ' even if to do so you have to stay away from it, as I do.' More World's Wonders.— The man who ate his dinner with the fork of a river has been trying to spin a mountain top. 'He's filling his last cavity,' mournfully said a young dentist, as they lowered the coffin of his de ceased partner into the grave. Remarkably careful is that coal-dealer who stands on the scale himself to see that there is no fooling with the weight of a load. Somebody writes to a rural paper to ask ' how long cows should be milked.' Why, the same as short cows, of course ! Simple Addition.— Miss Rose (who has kindly taken in hand an illiterate housemaid) : ' « Five and one make bix.' That's right. Now what do one and six make'r' Jane (promptly): ' Eight' npence, miss.' How to Write a Good Love-letter. — ' Aunt Julia,' said a blooming girl of seventeen, ' what is necessary in order to write a good love-letter':' ' Well,' re plied the aunt, ' you must begin without knowing what you mean to say, and finish without knowing what you have written.' ' Job printing ! Job printing !' exclaimed Mrs. Partington the other day, as she peeped over her spectacles at an advertisement in a country newspaper. '? Poor Job ! they've kept him printing, week after week, ever since I learned to read, and if he wasn't the natientest man that ever was. he never could have stood it so long, no how.'' Political Whaling. — ' iTou cannot keep me down ! ' shouted a Radical orator at apublic meeting. 'Though I may be pressed below the waves, I rise again ; you will 'find that I come to the surface, gentlemen.' ' Yes,'* said a Conservative, who had come among the audience for the purpo e of anthropological study, '? you come to the surface to blow.' A story is told of a shrewish Scotchwoman who tried to wean her husband from the public-house by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost and fri.hten John on his -way home. ' Wha are you ':' said the guidman, as the apparition ro e before him from behind a bush. ' I am Auld Nick' was the reply. ' Come awa', man,' Baid John, nothing daunted, ' gie s a shake o* your hand. I am married tae a sister o' yours.' Mo e Western Criticism. — Miss Mary Anderson is a rising theatrical star of the West— wherein she violates all astronomical laws — and a Memphis critic says that she is ' intense, yet expansive ; comprehen sive, yet particular ; fervid, without fauitiness ; erlnwiner. and still controlled : natural, but reSr.ed ; daring anything, fearing nothing but to violate grace. . . . She is, in our opinion, to the genius of the modern stage what Undine has been pronounced to the modern drama, pure as dew, and soft as a gush of distant music, gentle as a star beaming through the riven clouds. With mystery of char;i s she comes near to us, and melts down our admiration into love ; but when we take her to us as something familiar and de licious, she floats away to the far heights of fame, and looks down on our despair with countenance of pearl like lustre and smiles as sweet cs spring.' Western Eloquence. — The following was part of a young attorney's peroration on argument of demurrer in one of the Denver courts recently : ' May it please your Honor, this is a stupendous question. Its deci sion by you, this day, will live in judicial history long alter you and I shall have passed from this scene of earthly glory and sublunary vanity ; when the tower of Pisa shall le forgotten ; when Waterloo and Boro dino shall grow dim in the distant cycles of receding centuries ,-gwhen the names of Eugene, Marlborough, and Napoleon are no longer remembered ; when the pyramids of the Pharaohs shall have crumbled into dust ; when the hippopotamus shall cease to inhabit its native Nile ;— even then your ruling upon this demurrer will still survive in the antique volumes of legal lore as fresh, gieen, and imperishable. The case, vour Honor, originally concerns the cost of two new hats and an umbrella.' Young Mr. Loveberry's landlady is a good, motherly creature, and it grieves her to see the down ward course which the youth is purauinR. Last night at an earl v hour, for him, she heard Mr. Loveberry stumbling up the Etairs. After waiting a decent length of time, the good woman went to his room to give him a lecture. She found the young man in bed, making fee :le xiflbrts to smoke a pipe. 'Dear me, Mr. Loveberry, don't you think it is dangerous to moke in bed?' ' Notall, Mish Wilson,' replied Mr. _ Loveberry, closing one eye with his finger; the tight of the two landladies being confusing, however agree ; able. Then the good lady went on to tell Mr. Love i berry how sorry she was to see a j'oun» man of his talents ruining his prospects in life by drinking. ' Just think how shameful it is forayounj gentleman to be in your condition,' she said. ' Wazzer ma -zer wis oer' inquired Mr. Lo eberry, wit'i considerable interest. 'Why, you're drunk, my poor boy!' Loveberry laughed softly and inquired if Mrs Wilsin would get a lead pencil from his vest-pocket ? She di 1 so wonderingly. Then he asked her to put a mark on the wall as high as she could reach— about seven feet. These acts excited the young man's live liest interest. When the mark had' been made, Mr. Loveberry got haBtily out of bed and proceeded to place himself in position for standing on his head, the obje tive point for his heels evidently being the mark on the wall. The Undlady, blushing very much, fled from the room, and whether Mr. Loveberry suc- eeded in proving his sobriety by lifting his heels seven feet into the air must for ever remain unknown. why ninny and tat marriih). ' Oh, why did you mirry him, Bid y r Why did jv.u take Pat for your spouse ? Sure he's neither purty nor witty, ^ And his hair is a- red as a cow's ! You might had your pick had you waited ! Youd done a dale better with Tim ; And Phelim. O'T ole was cxpectin' — You couldn't do better nor him. You talk of us young pe pie courtin' — Pray tell how your - ourtin' began, When you wero a widdy woman, And he was a widdy mm.' ' Ti n and Pat, miss, ye see was acquainted Before they came over the sea, When Pat was a-rourtin' Norah, Anl Tim was a-counin' me, She did not know much, pior Xorah, N':.r, for tha matter, neither did Pat ; He had not the instinct of some one, Hut no one had then told him that ; But he soon found it out for himself, For ii e at best s but a span — Wh:n I was a widdy woman, And he was a widdy man. ' I helped him to take care of Norah, And when he compared her with me, He saw, as he whispered one evening, What a woman one woman coul 1 be. She went out like a snuff of a - andle ; Then the sickness seized upon Tim, And we watched by his bedside together — It wa- such a comfort to him. I was not a'O:ie in my weeping, Our tears in the same channel ran — For I wss a widdy woman, And he was a widdy man. ' We had both had our troubles, mavourneen, Thou h neither, perhaps, was to blame ; And we both knew by this what we wanted, And were willing to pay for the same. We knew what it was to be married, Anl before the long twelvemonth had flown We had made up our minds it was better Not to live any longer alone ; We wasted no time shilly-shally, Like you, miss, and Master Dan — For L was a widdy woman, And he was a widdy man.' TheFrenchman'sTurkey. — 'Douyou zee zatturkey, sare: ' said an excite 1 Frenchman to the prosecuting attorney's clerk, this morning, holdina; up a scrawney turkey, wTixjIi gave out a most impressive odour. ' I kin smell it,' taid Joe Cofiey. *' Well, sare, I have ze cold in my head, and zis morning I go to ze mar quette, and I ask ?e man how much is zis turkey. He look at u e and say, ' You have a bad cold, sare.' I say 'oui,' and he tell me ten arid sixpence pour ze oiscau. I pay him and take it to my wife, and s^he keek me and ze turkey out, and tell me i am stink like ze polecat skonk. I want ze paper zat he be place in ze bastile ; Josef Lemaire is hees name, and ? ' A wa rant was made out with lightning speed, the oath taken in the smallest fraction of a second, and the outraged Parisian and his turkey politely kicked out, but the window hadt) be kept open all the forenoon before the occupants of the office ceased to think of the innocent bird. Th-re was no ansver, and the queer noise stopped. 'Anybody there?' No answer. 'It must have been a spirit,' he sa-.d to hiinself. ' I must be a me dium. I will try.' Aloud — ' If there is a spirit in the room it will signify the same by saying ay — no, that's not what I mean. If the*re is a spirit in the room it will please rap three times.' Three very distinct raps were given in the direction of the bureau. ' Is it the spirit of my sister ?' No answer. 'Is it the spirit of my mother i' Three raps. 'Are you happy?' Nine raps. 'Do you want anything?' A succession of very loud raps. ' Will you give me any communication if I get up ?' No answer. ' Shall I hear from you to-morrow ?' Paps very loud in the direction of the door. 'Shall I ever see you?' He waited long for an answer to his last question, but none came. The spirit had gone ; and, after thinking about the extraordinary visit, he turned o er and fell asleep. On getting up in the morning he found that the spirit of his mother had carried off his watch and purse, his trousers, and his great coat downstairs in the hall. A Yankee who was making a railway journey across the continent of America was reluctant to go to sleep, lest he should miss the announcement of arrival at a certain station. The guard, however, begged of him to take his sleep in comfort, and assured him that nothing should prevent his being called at the proper time. With many expressions of misgiving and many cautions to the guard not io fail him, the anxious passenger at length went to sleep. And the guard, after all, forgot to call him, and did not think of it until the train had travelled a considerable distance too far. But trains are not frequent in those parts, and, as the rules of the train service ave not so rigid as in more civilized regions, the consci nce-stricken guard succeeded in indu ing the driver to back the carriages to tha station in qne- tion. Presently they were back at the place desired, and the guard ca led. the passenger. 'All Tight,' said the passenger quietly, but without stirring. ' But we are now at ine station, ooserve a tne guara, ? ana we Biiau ue g'wine on sharp.1' ' Thank you,' said the passenger composedly, with the curious Yankee emphasis on the second word, but not moving. The guard thoughthe was half asleep, and was about to shake him up, when the passenger said, ' All right, thank you ; the doctor said I must take my pills at this station.' 'Squaring It.' — A good story has been told of a lisping officer's having been victimize 1 by a brother officer — who was noted for his cool de'iberation and strong nerves — and of his getting 'square ' with him in the following manner. The cool joker — Captain Blakeney— was always quizzing the lisping officer — a lieutenant— for his nervousness, and said one day at mess, *' Why, nervousness is all nonsense : I tell you, no brave man is ever nervous.' ' Well,' inquired his lisping friend, ' how would you act thpothing a thell with an inth futhee thould drop itthelf in a walled angle, in which you had taken thelter from a company of tharpthooterth, and where it wath thertain if \ou put out your nothe you'd get peppered ? ' ' How ? ' said the captain, with a looliat his brother-officeis » hy, take it coolly, and spit on the fusee.' The party broke up, and all retired. The next morning a number of soldiers were assembled on parade, when al-ng came the lisping lieutenant. La/i y npenins his eyes, he remarked to a cluster of sincere, ' ' I want to try an ekthperiment thith morn-Ing, and thee how ektheedingiy cool Tom Blakene°y can be.' Saying this, he walked deliberately into the captain s quarters, where a fire was burning on the hearth, and placed in its hottest part a powder canister, and instantly letreated. There was but one door of egress froai the quarters, and that opened upon the pa ade- ground ; the occupant gave one look at the canister, comprehended the situation, and in a moment made for the door, but it was fastened on the outside. ' Charley, let me eut, if you love me!' shouted the -aptai:i. 'Thpit on the canithter 1' shouted he in return. Not a moment was to be lo t ; the captain had at first snatched up a blanket to cover ''u oi «ii.ii -, uui, goon uropjunij it, ne raisea tne window, and out he bounded, sms evert t ing but a very t-h -rt under-garment, and thus, with hur aW ost on end, he dashed on to a full-parade ground. Tin shouts which hailed him brought out the whole of tho occupants of the barracks to see w^-at was the matte and the dieniied captain pulled a sergeant in fron' n* him to hide hi -nself. ' Why didn't you thpit on li ' inquired the lieutenant 'Because there we? :? . ? sharpshooters in front tostop a retreat,' answp;*- ?! ' ?.-. captain. ' All I've got o thay, then, ith,' .-&: i ii..i; lieutenant, ' that you mi^ht thafely have d' ?; '.-. , h Illthware there wathn't a thingle grain of . ?*. .n: .??- The Fun of the Farce. — Tt is related ?.;:.-. t';e i ?-'''-? jjei- of a theatre consented to hear in ...:» ar-( '; '? young man who had an unfortunate v. :;v- . ^ ?'=???? speech ieai a sho t farce, the so' - ?? ? '-'- ; that it should not occupy more :? ? ?' ' I-: to finish the cii?ar the manager had ..?? . .'. v,- they both started, the o e reading, thfc ? '? ? -;. , but, as tha mild havana reached its teniii:; -' - ' .'is worse the young author spluttered ; they fin.M: '. t . gether. Of course the questi n was immediately j.'' ' What do you think of it: ' ' Well,' replied Mr. Manager, 'its nut half a bad idea; father, mother, lover, daughter, all statteiing, will have a novel effect.' The author, furious, exclaimed, 'They don't sta- omer, it 13 only my misfortune.' 'Oh, then, the play ain't funny at all .' fr'orry I can't accept it,' returned ths manager. 