Political Froth. BY AN ABSTAINER. I THOUGHT it was coming last week. Like the Scriptural war horse, I sniffed the battle afar. But it wasn't a battle, either. I think it is better described as a prolonged worry, with George at the end of it. Of course we are in the Works Department; and bo long as that Works Department is about, the session won't end. To make things worse, there have been postponements of certain votes, and a great deal of haggling over attempts to postpone others, because of the Minister for Works, who was absent through illness, not being in his place to explain the depart ment. Not that it ever could be explained to the satisfaction of those patriots who represent the Warrego, the Mitchell, or the Peak Downs, and others who are justified, no doubt, in making a searching enquiry into any department so closely allied with the electioneering office as the Works is. But let me a tale unfold of the worry of the week. We got into "holds," as they say in wrestling, over the Brisbane Mchools, because that spendthrift, Griffith, was about to erect some additional buildingß without first get ting a private subscription from the inhabitant*. This caused Palmer to eject a good deal of the brimstone in his nature, and he felt very condem niferous about it, but not anticipating a de bate, he reserved much of his fire, and let in Bailey, who, when he went to school, got "mixed" in a manner he didn't like, and consequently became the parent of a locality. I couldn't help feeling for Bailey under the circumstances, but felt still more for the Irrepressible, who really believes Griffith to be a menster, but he doess't exactly know why. Act* of Parliament were farces ad libitum, and here be was very near making a bull's eye. It was a great relief to hear from Foote that when the "Pine Mounting" had been blown over by a tornado, no very serious damage was done, and that a temporary expedient had been devised for remounting the Pine. Fact was, Foote pined for " additions" free of charge, and the keynote of ra-pine having been struck, we pined away all round the House. There was M'Lean who was su-pine, and Morgan who was pineal, and Douglas who was spiny, and George who was spinous—that is thorny—and Palmer and Morgan, who were a kind of prickly pair, and so on ; but the Attorney- General thought he could put things straight in time if the House would let him. So we agreed that Griffith should be let—but not the office ; no. There was some small fluttering round the ghost* of the marsupials, Buzacott initiating the hunt. Although he wasn't a great hand at a battue, yet he was "pizen" to "old men" for all that, and he wanted them wiped out this session once for all. It was hi« idea to provide himself with a " ecourge," aud make the mar supial* fe«l it, and Douglas said the only im l>rov«tueut he could suggest would be that it should be uu absolute scourge. With the as sistance of hoii- ramrods opposite—let me see, perhaps it was Nimrode he meant; well, with the Nimrods opposite, he would inaugurate means for making the squatters happy. Deep man is the Premier ; if the bill is thrown out it will be the squatters who wouldn't let the liberal Ministry sweep che kangaroos from off the face of the earth. At present, he would borrow half a-millioa and spend a fortnight in discussing the Marsupial BilL The Premier, of course, was patted on the back by hon. gentlemen opposite ; in fact John Scott went bo far as to say he didn't fear the next general election now, but he knew the mar supial party had an " old man" they meant to put up for the next election, if they weren't cleared out meanwhile. It would never do to have a marsupial in the House frolicking about, upsetting the inkstands and the nerve* of hon. gentlemen, not to mention occa sionally flicking Foote or Jacob playfully, or dusting the eyes of the Irrepressible with the point of his tail or " scourge." More head and Stevenson could make that bill perfect if they were only allowed, but Tyrel closed the debate by voting himself destroyer general, and we all recollect how he killed 17,000 marsupials at one smash early in the session. No wonder the Carnarvon people pre sented him with a testimonial. After all it was with great sorrow I saw the marsupials disposed of pro tern, because it made way for that awful array of figures which represent the wants and necessities of the Works Department. George opened the ball in his customary graceful style. The House last year had ex pressed a wish that hit department should have plenty of increases of salary, whatever might be done with other departments. In fact, he couldn't " run " the elections any longer if his men weren't better paid, and so he formed a few new offices, which were absolutely necessary for the progress of the colony. Mr. Morgan, who*e roving eye is always seek ing the seats of the weighty speakers, got the Workß into hot water at once, and before M'ilwraith had even time to rise from his seat, the Chairman's stentorian whisper, "Mr. M'll wraitb," resounded through tne House. Not that it made much difference; Mac would have destroyed the Works Department at any time, so that an opportunity of joining the battle sooner or later wasn't muofa matter. Of coarse Maranoa got np when he was called upon, as in duty bound, and he didn't recollect any pledge of the House to increase the salaries ; but the reason they were asked for was because one of George's "pets" had been raised £155 a-year at one jump, and the rest of the office must be kept " sweet" in proportion. As a matter of course, when the Works replied he went bang at an obstacle which had never been raised—the effi ciency of the officer in question—and bo got away from the subject, but the committee wouldn't increase him for all that, and the officers were doomed. The next little job was draftsmen, and so great was the paucity of good draftsmen in the colony that the Works had been reduced to culling the best of the Sydney Grammar School. He was going to establish a school for draftsmen though, and wasn't going to be beaten. George thought his "school" would go down with the com mittee, but the pioture of George as a pedagogue was too sublime, and it didn't. There were then a few " words" about the ugliness of the public buildings which were in course of erection, par ticularly the courts of law, which Bailey wisely remarked were made ugly on purpose to keep suitors out. Bailey's experience in this particu lar is limited, or he would have known that if the law courts were in the jaws of hell—as they generally are—nothing would prevent suitors from entering the vortex which leads to them. Geewhillikins! how we did wrangle over that Works office. Why it is actually worth a hundred a-year extra in any capacity to come under its shadow, and there ought to be chalked up over the doorway the same inscription Dante found at the Inferno—"All hope (of a rise) abandon ye who enter here." If you would like the quotation in the vernacular, apply, postage paid, No. 1 round the corner. The end of it all was that we couldn't settle the buildings branch satisfactorily. Palmer believed the Estimates were false—a lie got up to deceive the com mittee ; and then those hon. gentlemen on that side who take their cue from Palmer, and when he says "stuff" they say "stuffing," went at the Estimates like a "bull's tail in fly-time." Among the tails were Pettigrew and J. Scott—who was dead against any cooking—no ox tail soup for him— and M'llwraith and Ivory, and they took G. T. by the beard—metaphorically, of course—and said, Thou art not well, brother, and smote him so that J» withdraw the building* bunch. The more we scrutinised the Works the more "jobs" we found. There had been a bridge built over Ithaca Creek when it wasn't wanted, and Palmer could pass dry-shod over it any day in the week, and besides this work, Pettigrew had had to apend five or six thousand pounds on a bridge over Lookyer's Creek, when he would very much rather have kept the mpqey for himself, so he would. Eventually we got found to the Fitaroy Bridge and the tenders for it. M'llwraith, it seemed, had spent a good deal of time in considering this, and he had found out that the successful tenderer had tendered in three different ways. The old idea of Pig drawing a bill on Bacon and Bacon draw* ing on Pig waa nothing to it, for here there were three parties, each identical. Now amongst the tenders received waa one which placed the tenderer in triplicate in an awkward position, as this tender was bonafide the lowest received. Mao just wanted to know how it was it had been passed over, and the tender in triplicate accepted. Further, Mac went on to dissect this many-headed tender, and he found that although different in price, yet they were arranged in such a way that the highest enly waa absolute, the others being con* ditionaL Could dear George explain this ? Of course he could. The Government would have been only too glad to have accepted the lowest absolute tender, but the man was not good, and so they f»ave it to Ramsay and Co., or Corser and Co., or J. R. Ramsay—the Pig upon Bacon before alluded to—and got the work done. And we got out of this muddle after a good deal more haggling. There was a short and sharp decision as to the postponement of the Commissioner fur Railways anH the 8. and W. Railway till the Select Com* mittee's report on the latter had been presented, and we took a trip on the Northern line. Down with the increases, off with their heads ; but, strange to say, that rigid economist, Stevenson, oouldn't see it. He actually spoke in opposition to his partner—the hon. member that dues the Lord Chamberlain for the House, and takes care profane language is kept outside—and wanted the increases of salary for those ill-paid, ill-fed, ill-favored, ill- tempered officials on the Northern Railway kept on. Alas for human mutability, he oouldn't manage it, and this ended us. It was perfectly refreshing on Wednesday to hear " Hansard" corrected. We have been fair months at work since the last, and no correction has been made in that time. It was only Petti grew now, to be sure ; but then P. has a right to verbatim correctness as well as anybody else. But I wish the editor of " Hansard"—who, by the way, isn't a bad sort of fellow, though he does spell "damn" with an "am"—would indulge Pettigrew for once—only for once; just half a column verbatim —and count the " heres" and "theres" in it. Verily P. was born on the principle of here a little and there a little, and has kept it up ever since. It wasn't long before we got into Supply, and there we are now ; there we are likely to be; and there we shall remain until we get let out. Why didn't they take Buzacott's suggestion, and submit the Estimates to a com mittee of enquiry, before they were presented to the House. We could pass the lot at a sitting then, at least B. thinks so. It is astonishing what a number of new patents there are, emana ting from the Opposition side, for getting on. I wonder when they get into power, as they will some day, whether the patents will have expired or not. We were at the roads now ; "but the genius of Macadam did not preside. We went all through the districts of Moreton, and because the Minuter for Works was too ill to attend — for which I am very sorry—we fought the fight of postpone ment over again. I can't stand going into this again, but I can assure my readers that Mr. Morgan stopped in his chair until a quarter of an hour to midnight, and during that time he had the felicity of hearing 10 speeches from Mr. Palmer, 20 from Mr. Walsh, 40 from the Premier, 19 from M'llwraith, and so on. I haven't taken Morehead into consideration, because I know he was out of form ; and Stevenson and Ivory were both drooping their feathers—moulting, perhaps—but I have got a mind to go over th« debate on Sheridan for these three, bo as to arrive at a determination of their power in " foot-tons" or " horses," or something of that kind. I believe that if speech had any effect on the matter, some of the members of her Majesty's Opposition in Queensland might become very valuable factors in making the road of life pretty easy to travel. But as we eventually got as far as the Darling DowoB, we were allowed to go home. Having devoted the week to secular matters, we very naturally turned our thoughts heaven wards on Thursday. We generally do feel con sumedly pious on Thursdays, but on this occasion our piety was something extraordinary. It arose out of Walsh trying to run trains on Sundays between Ipswich and Brisbane, an ides which he considered would enable people in the country to visit the pro-cathedral occasionally—an edifice, I may remark, that does not suffer from over crowding. The committee, if it didn't know it before, was now thoroughly informed of the pos session of a. forty-parson power in the persons of oue or two hon. members. Of course I don't include Douglas and Jacob Low—although Jacob put his foot down against Sunday travelling like any parson would have done ; but I refer par ticularly to Pettigrew. Now, if ever Pettiprew missed his avocation it was in going into Parliament. His powers there, and his eloquence there, Sir, are wasted on such men as Walsh and Palmer, who, while he was speaking, abstained—in the refresh ment room. P. ought to have had a kirk of his own, but if he had, there would have been one congregation the devil might have been Bure of, if _ they took their pattern by their pastor who mixed up the God and man in such a way that Bailey had to tell him he was blasphemous. Pettigrew stood up for an hour, and oh ! Mr. Hansard, if you only did your duty for one half column only, what a happy constituency Stanley would be. Foote, who was expected to "preachee preachee" a little, did not do so, but we very thoroughly discussed Sunday trains, and went to division on it, and shunted them by 16 to 15\. After this there came a lot of almost formal business, and we were done, particularly those who wanted to go to the Children's Hospital Ball, — Stevenson, and W. Scott, and so on. I am sorry to hear that Buzacott is going home. It seems that sermon of Pettigrew's cooked him, and I quite sympathise with him. It is hard,— yes, very hard, to have to sit hour after hour in the House to hear a lot of "twaddle." Well, if Buzacott hasn't heard It I have; and it is very much to be regretted that the talkers don't go and leave the silent men behind. We are about to try and do some work on Friday, but I shall abstain. P.S.—What about the marsupial plague ? I had almost forgotten B. is the man to run that £1 for £1 idea, if anybody can. I meant to back him ; but if he goes, why the 'supials may do their level best I shan't interfere. Tm ball in aid of the Children's Hospital, at the exhibition buildings in Bowen Park, on Than day night, waa a great success, and will no doubt provide a handsome contribution to the institu tion in aid of which the ball waa given. The arrangement of the interior of the building was excellent, and provided ample room for all who took advantage of the occasion. The dancing took place in the transept, the right wing being set apart for the supper- room, and the centre and left wing being used solely for dancing. Just opposite the doorway, and at the commencement of the main aisle, the band was stationed, and beyond that, on the right hand side of the main building, was the department for "light" refresh* menta, and at the end of the building provision was made for those whose tastes might tend in a stronger direction. Dancing was commenced about nine o'clock, his Excellency Sir A. E. Kennedy and Lady O'Connell, with Sir Maurice O'Connell and Lady Cookie as vis-a-vis, opening the ball. From this time the votaries of the dance continued with unabated vigor till the small hours of the morning. We hope the Children's Hospital will be largely benefited from the proceeds of this effort in its behalf; but it would have been, in all probability, a greater pecuniary success had not the building been so far frem town. An enquiry was held on Monday, before the Assistant Police Magistrate, W. H. Day, Esq., into the circumstances surrounding the death of James Wood, who died in Charlotte- street, on the 13th instant. The first material evidence called was that of N. Domingo, daughter of the landlady of the house in which deceased died, and this showed that on Friday, Sept. 7, deceased, in consequence of pain, called in Dr. Purcell, whe prescribed certain remedies. These she ob tained at the shop of Mr. Davies, chemist, Queen-street, but fetched them in an ordinary manner and without paying any attention to directions which might have been on them. On the night of the 12th instant deceased asked for some medicine, and the witness gave it to him from a bottle on a table near the bed. He complained shortly afterwards that he had been poisoned. She could read, but from not being in constant attendance on deceased did not know the medicine she bad given him was intended for outward application only. Dr. O'Doherty was then sent for, and in conjunction with Dr, Purcell, who had prescribed for the de ceased, examined Wood, and found that he bad taken internally a liniment composed of ammonia, belladonna, and camphor, intended for applica tion to the spine. After taking the liniment de ceased had rapidly succumbed to its effects, so that at a laUr hour, when in great pain he had admitted taking the liniment, it was too late to do anything to effectively counteract the acci dent The evidence further showed that tjie bottle was not marked "poison," and that the dispenser to Mr. Davies, Richard Hicks, stated he nad no reason for the omission except that of being very busy at the time. At this stage the enquiry waa adjourned. 