A HELPLESS EMIGRANT. " Man in his time plays many parts."—Late Lessee of Globe Theatre, London. I HAVE come to the conclusion, after several unprofitable trials, that my sphere in life does not embrace adventurous enterprises ; for although I am gifted with a vivid imagination, a heart stuffed full of good intentions, and a will of the most cheerful nature, I am always coming to most uncomfortable grief, simply through wandering out of the sphere in which I am intended to move. I may here remark that I should feel truly obliged if any individual would inform me what my particular sphere is ; for if I knew I would stick within it as cosily as an oyster within its shells, for I am heartily tired of taking wrong turnings duriug my journey through life. I never can make out how I first came to imagine that I should make a good emigrant. I have thought over this wonderful freak of imagination until my somewhat erratic brains have whizzed like circular saws. None of my ancestors left their native shores of their own free will; no relative ever published a sensational book of " Travels in the Far South-East;" no stories of wild adventures and daring deeds were told me round the fireside ; and I am certain, and everybody would be certain, likewise, if they could see my photograph, that nature had not the vaguest idea of making me a hero—for, to tell the truth, I am several degrees removed from the beau ideal of a hardy pioneer, a fearless hunter, or even a desperate bushranger. My habits are absurdly domesticated. I always rode inside an omnibus. I hated hansoms. I shunned the volunteers because they fired, real bullets. I wore cloth gloves and comforters. I refused invitations to picnic parties because I dreaded damp grass, and I can safely affirm that wet or dry no living soul ever caught me a mile from my lodgings without an umbrella. How was it then, I ask, as I have so often asked myself, that the spirit of an emigrant should have crept into my well-balanced breast and driven me out of my jog-trot country into the'wlurl and excitement of that magic country, known at home as Foreign Parts. But so it happened, and here I am, perfectly happy, very much surprised, and feeling about as active as a fly in treacle or an elephant on wheel skates, willing and anxious to make headway, but slightly perplexed how to begin. I may also here explain that I have got a ridiculous knack of making'mistakes, and merely gliding into messes of the most ungetoutable nature. For instance, when I arrived in this splendid city I was armed with a lovely letter of introduction to "a very rich merchant." I had many day dreams during the voyage out of my reception and subsequent promotion to a high stool in a polished mahogany counting office, of interviews with wool-producing squatters and gold laden diggers. I dreamed of rising into partnership and returning home as the wealthy relative of my family, adored by my nieees and intensely respected by my nephews, but alas ! my hopes have been dashed down, and my prospects in the commercial world look as gloomy as a foggy morning off the Heads. I called upon this merchant in my most business-looking suit of faultless black, no gaudy watch chain flashed in the morning's sun, no fumes of early cavendish hung about my hair. I felt I looked the right man and equal to the situation, I sent up my name. I was ushered into the presence, my introduction was of a most satisfactory nature. I was granted a trial! Hooray I I inwardly exclaimed, my foot is on the first step of the ladder, and here goes for Excelsior. I was about to quit when the great merchant observed, " Before you leave, young man, I should like to ask you one or two questions. " A thousand if you please," I answered with my somewhat celebrated smile. "Firstly," he commenced, "areyou an early riser !" I answered him that at home I was always up with the lark, and intended to make it a rule to get up with the first wide-awake bird in the colony. This seemed to please him, and he went on, "Have you contracted any debts since your arrival here ?" To this I replied emphatically, "Not the ghost of a debt," but I did not think it worth while remarking that I had been unable to induce any Melbournist to give me credit. "That is well, and now good morniug." Once more I was about to make my exit with a bow of which I am passionately proud, when he again stayed me by observing, "You must excuse me, but there is one more question which I always make it my rule to ask—Do you drink ?" Not wanting to be behind him in politeness, and anxious to prove my affability and at the same time to air my colonial attainments, I smiled and answered, "Well sir, it is rather early in the morning, but I don't mind having a nobbier with you T. That merchant frowned heavily, informed me I had quite mistaken his meaning, handed me back my letters, told me he would write, and, if I may use the expression, glared me out of the office. * • . I had his letter just before supper that evening. It did not improve my appetite, and I did not get that appointment. Since that unlucky hour I have been round and round the counting houses, but at present I am in a most uncommercial position. At times I grow despondent and feel inclined to give the colony up in disgust and return to the land of fogs and taxes known as merry England; but when I gaze across the vasty deep and think of the perils of the ocean, and I may add when I read the advertisements of the clippers and steamers and look into my purse and find that that mercenary item known as "means" is growing clearly shorter to a ghastly degree, I begin to think better of my adopted home, seeing that I must knock out an existence somehow, and resolve to become a modern philosopher and take things, like as I hope some day to be taken by a certain young lady who must be nameless, for " better or worse." I intend to keep my two eyes diligently open, and, with your permission, Mr. Punch, I will ever and anon let you know the impressions made in this city on the mind of a helpless emigrant. ° LONGSTOP. 