MUSK CREEK. (FBOK OCE OWK COBBBSFOKHEKT.) Mr Brophy and some nineother gentlemen, members o! bis committees, assembled at Musk Greek hotel yesterday evening to hold a meeting; but. owing to tho very email attendance, only three local doctors being present, it was not deemed advisable to make an address. In reply to a question by Mr Richardson, Mr Brephy emphatically reiterated Hs pledge that, if -elected to Parliament, he would resign rather than be a party to any alteration detrimental to the Educa- tion'Act; that it never should bo said of bim that he was a traitor to bis promiBes. or a chance given of a taint ever bring thrown at his children after bim of having violated his word of honor. Tlb children at the Stete-Bchool here had a little picturing yesterday, and a reading was to have been given by MrBobsou in tbe evening, but, much to tho disapp liniment of many. Hamlet's Ghost made no appearance. The evening was beautifully : fine, and the assembled lids aad lasses, although having no » village green" to danoe on, enjoyed themselves on the school ground to the mnsio of tho concertina. During the play of the school children, the writer was impressed with tbe ruddy, healthy appearance of the majority of them. Although we know some in this locality, like most others, have a most wretched home, or dwelling place— tbe resell of the all-pervading vice — yet "roughing it" has a small injurious effect on health, and we may reasonbly expect the tiring gene ration, who ore now obtaining an education so far. superior to that which a majority of their forefathers were able to obtain, and a natural disposition to tem perance principles, will become a people superior to the whole world in intelUgenoe, morality, and in the most ennobling characteristics tb at adorn the human character. I notioe the last of the. fertile primeval forest — the glory of liullarook. - that has been- su .ruth lessly destroyed— is fast. falling before tbe woodman's axe. Viewing the thousands of gaunt skeletons of what were once the mighty monarchs of the forest that now stand amid-t the cult .voted fields only a nuisance to the husbandman ; and remembering' that firewood is sold in the larger towns by the - pound we'gbt, and thousands of its inhabitants are denied tint artificial Warmth aad comfort there same trees would give were they conveyed away from here, I cannot but regret that one of the most promising schemes that ever was started in Ballarat, viz., the Bullarook tramway, should have been in such bad Lands as to bring It to grief in its infancy. I submit that no better' specula tion was ever | reposed in Ballarat; for had a company been formed, with a foresight toeee the im mense value that would'have been given'to land, the enormous wood trade that oould have been made in connection with the railway Eystem,and the carriage of other produce, had a company then have bought up the fertile lands near its track. al the low price the land oould then have been bought, fear companies would have paid better dividends. I still think that a large business may yet be done in the firewood line, if properly set about; but more anon. 