MAGISTRATES' COURT, STRATHALBYN. Friday, Mat 25, 1877. [Before E. Castle, Esq , S.M., and W. Colman, Esq , J.P.I Arthur Lee, a respectable-looking young man, was charged en the information of Corporal Oate with wandering about the streets of Strathalbyn at mid night on the previous Wednesday night without any visible means of support. it appeared that the defendant was very respectably connected, but by an unfortunate habi of drinking had lost a good situation in Adelaide, and had tramped to Strathalbyn. Upon promising to abstain from drink for the future, His Worship dismissed the case with a caution. Ralph Wilson, a half-crazy youth, was charged with disturbiug the public pence on the 20th inst , and pleaded guilty ; bat Mr. E. J. Tusker, who appeared for him, urged that the defendant was not capable of pleading, and asked for a plea of not guilty to be received. From the evidence produced, it appears that for some time ghost stories had been rife in Strathalbyn, and on Sunday night several persons were frighteued and terrified at hearing strange noises outside their house. Joseph Wesley opened the door, and still the noises were made by some one in the lane, who appeared to be crowned with white, wlii^h eventually turned out to be a puggaree. He then picked a piece of dog-chain, and proceeded to investigate the affair, and found the defendant seated under the brush w.'od fence. Defendant, upon being remonstrated with, walked ofi^ and the noises ceased. It was supposed this unfortunate youth had been made a tool of by several larrikins ; so enquiries were set on foot by Corporal Cate, who eventually laid this and other informations His Worship, after a patient hearing, fined the de fendant 5s and costs. Daniel Bray Andrew Wylie, and JI. Stepliens were then charged with aiding and abetting, &c;, in the above case Mr. E. J. Tucker, who also appeared for these defen dants, urged a legal technicality, which, after hearing some evidence, His Worship concurred in, and dis missed the informations, Mr. W. Colman taking the opportunity to cantion the youths against any conduct as might lead them before the Court again. Held Over — Owing to indisposition of the Editor —some leaders and other matters are unavoidably held over. More River SFteamers. — Although the number of river steamers has increased considerably during the last few years, the trade of the river is evidently increased in proportion, and several new steamers will be added to the Goolwa fleet before the com- mencement of the coming wool season. The Cadell, which was built by G. Johnson & Co , and is now being used as a barge, has her boiler and engines coming out from Scotland. She is expected to be very fast, and as she is large enough for outside work, may trade between Port Adelaide and Port Victor, and in the Murray Mouth. The Ellen, built by Messrs. Shetliff & Sons a few months ago, has her engines now on board, and the boiler is expected from Melbourne in a few weeks. She also promises to be a very fast vessel, and is large enough, and quite capable of doing the trade between Port Ade- laide, Port Victor, and Goolwa. The steamer Avoca, owned by Oliver & Tomson, is just finished. She had a spin down the river on the 29th inst. Her boiler and machinery, which are very compact and strong, and work splendidly, have been made at Graham's Goolwa Foundry. The Avoca is one of the largest steamers engaged on the river. She has great carrying capacity and roomy decks. Tbe new barge which is being built at the Goolwa Foundry for the steamer Victor (Barber & Co.) by W. Laurence & Co., is being pushed on with vigorously, and will be launched in a week or so. She will be a a handy vessel, and very light draught. We are in formed that Mr. Graham has just entered into a con- ract to build a new steamer, and supply boiler and engines for same. She will be about the same dimensions as the river steamer Excelsior, and as soon as the Victor barge is off the stocks, Laurence & Co., the shipwrights, will commence on the new steamer. A Village Maecenas. — An Austrian paper sta'e-; tHat a roving company of players arrived in Torda a short time ago and announced that they would have the honour of performing that evening. A gent leman named Marinka Bacsci, however, alone formed ihJ audience. After waiting in vain for a more numerous one, the stage-manager advanced before the curtain a id spoke :— ' Stout party iu the box s, as you are t le only person in the house, and as the price you have piid for admission would not pay fur the candles there will be no performance this evening and we shall repeat it to-morrow evening. Your money will be returned to you at the door.' ' For how much will you play me the piece,' asked Marinka Bacsci. ' For fifty florinB.' was the answer. *? Well, gJ a head,' said the solitary public ; ' I'll pay.' The piece began, but the first act was not ended when the public cried, ' I've had enough of that act, begin the next one.' The second act in'eres'ed him so much that he had several scenes of it played twice over. In the middle of the third act be called ont, ' that's enough, let the curtain down, and all follow me.' He took the p^or players to the best, eating establishment in the place, paid them the fifty fl irina agreed on, and gave them besides a supper, the bill for which am .anted to another forty florins. — Bristol Mercury. A lady went last week at the very unfashionable hoar of tea o'clock in the morning to try and secure the services of a woman who advertised herself as a * ' thorough cook and laundress with the highest refer ences.' With some difficulty she found out the house named in the advertisement, and asked if Miss Hyne wj'8 in ? ' Are you a friend, or is it business ?' io turn asked the person who opened the door. ' I've come about an advertisement in to-day's papers,' replied the lady. ' You are too early,' was the answer, ' Miss Ryne never receives any one about engagements before two o'clock !'— -' Atticua,' A Pi, ANT POSSESSING NATURAL ELECTatCVI Powebsis said to have been discovered in Nicaragua, and a short description ef it is given in a Belgian horticu'tural journal. It is a species of «' Phyto lacea,' and has been christened ?' P. electrica' in coostquen ?€ of its curious p operties, which are so strong as to enable a sensible shock, as from a galvanio battery, to the hvndsof any person attempt ing to gather a branch ? The needle of the compass is affixed by proximity to the plant. There is a curious shruh, called the 'compass plant,' which has long been known t - exist in the prairie lands of the western states of North America, and whioh takaa its name from the peculiarity that the edges of its leaves are invariably turned north and sou'h, while the surfaces face east and west. This curious property enables travellers, by simp'y feeling the leaver, to ascertain their direction in the darkest nieht, the plant i's If having, it is said, a percept ible general inclination towards the Pole. The cause of this fixity of position in the leaves has never been discovered ; some authorities attributing it to the effect of light on the varying sensitiveness of the two sides of the leav- s, while others seek for the r.-ason in electricity. The latter bypothebls has not been generally accepted, but if the alleged dis covery of the olet trial plant in Nicaragua is authen tic the probability of s ich an influen- e being at work in tbe compass plant, is greatly increased. — Globe. Ya kan sett still and gro wicked, but, if you ex pect to grow v'rtewous, you luve got to get up and work. — Josh Billings. ,, DEFECTIVE* 