An Actor's Madness. A Story ' Concerning tlio " Elder Booth, and His Dead Child; *' Shade of Kemlilc !" cjacalatod Wart at . that time manager . for Jeffcrso McKenzie, Baltimore ; hero it is p-st o'clock, and crooked-backed Richard no in his dressing-room I" .* My dear sir," said the most origina of all men,'tln imperturbable Thomas W Gamncr, " do not precipitate. Vuon th late Daniel Recd--" " An' you love, Hal," interrupted th stage manager, "go to the devil J'' am the poor manager, clurzziii, as was his wont with his hands clasped in agony, fron one side of the. Holiday stage to thi other. " liing in first music, sir!" inquired tin call-boy, who scratched' his head anc seemed to enjoy tho dispair of Lia man ager. "; " Bing ? You red-headed imp of Satan, you juvenile Caliban! get out of mj sight, ur I'll wring yonr neck off." - Away -went the call-boy and awaj went the manager. Ward searched evel la-room in tho vicinity of the theatre foi tho great tragedian, but all in: vain. Af last a little boy came rushing to him, almost breathless with fatigue, and told him that Mr Booth was in a hay-loft on Front Btreet. The manager . found a crowd of people gathered around the building in question, and he had some difficulty in edging himself through thc dense mass. Climbing up a rough ladder, ho'cautiously raised his head above thc sbcond'story, and ho saw tho objoct of his search swated on a rafter with a wreath of straw about his temples, in imitation of a crown. . ' i "Booth," said tho manager imploringly, "for heaven's sake come down I It's near 8 o'clock, and the audience will pull the theatro to pieces." Tire tragedian fixed his dark eye on th-3 intruder, and raising his right arm majeJ tically, he thundered forth : - I am seated on my throne ! As proud a one as yon distant mountain, Where the sun makes his last stand 1 " Como my dcor follow, let's go ¡ we'I! have a glass of brandy and a supper, and all that. Come, please cums." Booth descended gradually from his yellow pinethroue, and kissingjtho tips of his fingers, replied with a smile. " I attend with all becoming grace. Lead on, my Lord of Essex. To tho tower-to thc cower." After a little psrsuasion Ward lcd tbs tragedian to the theatro, got him dressed, t ie curtain rose, and tho'play west on. Just as the second act was about to com mence a messenger covered with dust rushed behind the sta^e, and before ha could be stopped was in oarnost conver sation with the tragedian. " What?" Baid Booth, B3ho pressed his long lingers on his broad, white temples, tts though he tried to clutch bia brain beneath, "dead say you? My poor little child-my loved, my beautiful one?" And then, seeing tho curtain risc, he rushed on, commencingi She has health to progress as far as Chertsey, Though not to bear the sight of me, &c.; . The beautiful scene between " Anne " aud " lilostef " waa never better playod. Tho actor, " tho noblest of thom all when ho chose to be, gave tho words of tho bard wijh thrilling effect, but there was a strange calmness about his manner that told that his mind was not lipon hia character. Still, the multitude applauded until the old roof rang again, and those behind the scene stood breathless with eager delight. The third act called out, but Booth was nowhere to bo found. , . It was a bitter cold night, and a farmer, as he drove his wagon to market, was startlod from his reverie as he saw a horseman strapped in a large cloak-'and as it opened it disclosed a glittering dress beneath-ride rapidly past him. It was Booth in his " Richard " costume I Mad ness had seized him, and, regardless of everything, at tho still hour of midnight, ho was going to pay a visit to his dead child. Drawing, his flashing sword and throwing his jewelled cap from his head, he lashed Iiis horse's flanks with the bare weapon until the animal moaned in pain. The t:.ll, dark trees on each side of him touched his heated brow with their silver frosted branches, and thinking they were mon sent in pursuit, the mad actor cut at thom with his sword and cursed them as he flow rapidly by. . At last, after a gallant ride of two hours, tho horseman carno in sight of a country graveyard, andj tts ho saw the white top's of tho monuments'peeping through the dark foliage like snowy crests upon tho bosom of the black billow, he raised a shout wild enough to have scared the ghosts from their still graves. He dismounted, and away sped the riderless horse over hill and dale. It was tho work of a moment (and the insane are cunning beyond all imagining) to wench: the wooden door from tho vault containing the body of his child. He seized the tiny coffin in his arms, and with the strong arm of a desperate.mon, ho toro open tho. lid, and in a moment moro tho cold blue lips of tho dead child wei e glued to the mad actor's 1 The next morning some member of the tragedian's family heard a wild strain of laughter that seemed to proceed from his sleeping room. Tho door was forced open, and Booth Was: discovered lying on li¡B bcd, gibbering in idiotic madnoss . and ' caressing tho corpse of his little ono. 