Jpdm THE MOTHER'S CURSE; or, Tub Unkatitral Hatred. On one fine afternoon, ere sunset, in the month of May, in the year after the Restor ation— that is to aay, when Charles II. was re-seated on the throne, a young cavalier, dretaed in a handeome travelling costume, and mounted en a powerful and spirited hone, was journeying somewhat slowly and ihsugntfuUy along one ox tno pleasant roads of Warwickshire, towards a noble old man sion, veil known as Dessnrt Manor, some few miles from the ancient town of Coventry. The season of the year— tke tranquil period of the evening, as the enn was sinking in the west, and the moon was beginning to show herself faintly through the delicious purple of the sky ; the soft, musical breeze redolent of sweet odours, and playing in the foliage of the stretching wood*, that, like an undu lating sea of green in the distance, denned the boundaries of a picture that had the limpid and silvery waters of the Avon threading its foreground — all conspired to render the scene perfect It was an hour alike suited to the medita tions uf the lover and the philosopher. A sweet serenity reigned around. Far and wide lay the blue bills in the north and east, and beneath taw stretched the undulating valleys, with village*, homesteads, and gray steeples dotting the distance. Now he passed an old mansion with a quaint Tudor aspect, and its noble park exhibiting clustered herds of deer going to covert where the gnarled oaks east abroad their stately air of proteo tlon. How he went through a pretty pleas* ing village; anon, by a /arm; then a cottage porch, bidden by ivy, flowing jasmines, and wild roses. Next case a little country house trim, charming, and inexpressibly pleasing to look upon; end «o he went on with a se rene face, and light laughing eye, while on his brown, handsome cheeks, health ehone ruddily, fearless good humour in his flashing orbs, nod on his serene and bearded mouth, that contented set of the lips whioh -Hdic*.te» that within and without there is peace, a clear conscience, a light heart — it may be too, that it -dreams of an Eden future. Master Walter Meredith was the heir and representative of a respectable Cavalier family, dwelling in a eastern county'; be was tall, strong and active, well armed, nounted -on a splendid -steed, with a vision of a magical face, suuny eyes, full of the dewy tenderness of a newly- wakened love, that said f aoe peeping out of a shower of deep brown silken curls. Thus, jogging on to wards Dessart Hall, where dwelt the delight . of hit affection (a betrothal from infancy, almost, having wrought the chain of love into links more solid)— Master Walter, we ?ay, journeying thus, dreaming of sweet Amy Dessert, of the wild wood of Dessart Manor, was a man to be eivied on thie particular evening. Not a cloud was in the sky above ; there was none on his heart. Golden as the flam* ing sunset were his own hopes ; soft as the ?attest sighing of the breeze were his loving thoughts and imputes. The beauty of nature bad never struck him so forcibly linos he began to look on it with a poet's eye ; for his mind was now filled with love liness, and his -heart—and the great heart of the universe felt the systematic throb beheld the -same phase bf charm and grandeur, and thus the piotuie was complete. On sped Master Walter to Sessart Ball Tac«vewas falling, and1 the night was . advancing. Whe -can tell what the night 'fcintethiorth? Think not of that, Walter. Dream of Amy. Ask thyself if ahe expects thae— if expecting thee, she will watch for thee, and, like Hero of old, put a lamp in her ?chamber window to gaide tie ardent lover to her feet! Dessart Ball is ia sight Lady KUen Dossut was a widow— tall, handsome, fascinating, even superb— a widow of only six-and- tMrty, whioh age, to ?OSM women, makia them look in the prime of life, ia the pride of a mttaue beauty, while long ©on versa with the world has given them ease or manner, graoe of carriage, a capability of cog versing on various subjects, and all that impalpable series of attractions that win and fascinate, and oast the younger the more beautiful but more girlish rival, in (* .the shade. She had marriefi young, and at the age of seventeen she w« a mother. Amy ► Dessart, now nineteen, was this daughter. Between Sir Maurice Dessart and the elder Meredith (our present hero's father) acre had been a oouipanUnship in child hood, and a brotherhood in battle. They aad oonned lessons side by side, and had . fought side by side, protecting each other when the wan had broken oat. When Sir Maurice (some six or eight years back) had reoeivsd his death wound, he made Meredith promise to kok after his wife and child; \- lad if the young people wen inclined to .«aoh«ther— not else— he desired that they , should wed together, and that an old friend sM» should bo thus cemented and per ,s.9«patod. The promise was given; and to sostt time altar then was oonstaat inter* change of letters and oourtesiee between Lady Dsemrt and Walter's father; the former expressing herae.f perfectly willing to act a* her husband had wished with legati to the union of the younger people. This correspondence then eeaaed for a period, as Walter was at college, and had paid but one visit on leaving it, when be waa ?brack with the exceeding beauty of Amy, who was, after all, a mats child. Since then be went to the wan cf Flanders, till bis father's illness recalled him a few months *-ack, when, having waited to wit ness a change for the better, and to receive the rep y of Lady Dessart in answer to bia father's letter, reminding her of the compact, if such it could be called, and intimating that bia r.-n riurald wait upon her aad M's ress Amy in a »hort time to settle all preliminaries. And as this reply m a ahartfand^iBipIe. but, certainly, a most cordial, ' Welcome I' Walter net forth. Such was the position of affairs on the evening that Water Meredith rode into the court yard of DefflMt Manor for the first time these five years, and met Lady Dessart and the lovely Amy on the threshold of the hospitable halls. Several days pawed away, and the heart of the young cavalier, (is ia- pressionable as it was tender in its instincts and impulses, was irrevocably pledged to tbe image of the beautiful1 Amy, who, in her turn, felt an awakening to theme cherished impressions which a frank and handsome manliBts?, com bined with qualities of a high and cultured order, were likely to impress. In the bloom of her virgin pnrity and beauty, moving with a native grace through the halls of tbe fine oM manor house, or wandering like a ' thing of beauty ' through the gardens, the woode, by the babbling waters, she seemed so much part of that exqnisite spot that to Walter she was more like tbe tutelar spirit of the place than aught else. In fact, they had plighted faith arid troth to each other almost before they had dis covered what loving qualities each possessed; Rid then began that loftier intercourse of a7i*wLJU«J\A s*u.v*VjWULX cm*1-* ua. wtuun *.*??.?. ?«#*, uu appreciation of the beauty ef the world, and tbe aspirations of soul. Thus their time of probation fled past on silvery wings, while every hour was radiant with the sunny joy of hearts that knew no fear, no care, no doubt, but sometimes linking under tbe great weight of a love that filled their whole being. Ob, pleasant summer time of love 1 and all who have not forgotten their goiden past ia tbe leaden present, will remember how beautiful it is ! In the meantime the Lady Detsart seemed to share their joys, and to look on with a gentle smiling upon the happiness she con tributed to create. She shared their wander ings, ther readings, and taeir converse. She seemed to grow yonnger— that is to say, to bate lost that more matronly Mr of her position and her widowhood ; and soon the widow's wefds gave place by degrees, ti garmeature more elegant, more costly, till she seemed to rival her own daughter in the grace, beauty and splendour of her personal appearance and attire. This, to the younger people, was significant of nothing more than that life and the world had neither lost their attractions for her, nor she her relish for them ; and, oftentimes Dessarc Manor became gay witb balls, parties, and routs : and all wbb 'merry as a marriage bell' till — the hour of change came. Tbe change was remarkable and peDuliir. II was not by transitive degrees, nor was it all at once ; but it fell, and Walter saw it, and knew it ; while Amy only seemed to perceive a certain something that, in an interrogative, and yet imperceptible manner, interfered with that light and happy heart ?be had been accustomed to wear for so long a time. This change was not directed to Walter; for in his presence, and to his individuality, the magnificent woman, as the widowed Lady Dessart was, exhibited a character of the softest, gentlest, and most endearing kind. Why that dark brow — although pale as marble, yet darkening with its frown — why that fair mother's brow should bend so threateningly on Amy, was the puzzle with which, after a while, Walter found him self busied with the endeavour to un ravel. So, however, it was ; and all the lore for the daughter that was one* in the mother's language seemed turned into fine darte tipped with gall and acrid venom ; for the beautiful girl, by the shafts of the mother's sardonic ridicule, delivered with an air as full of grace and epigrammatic point as it was with malice, wag stifled, almost annihilated, at setlig the little midge she was ia comparison with the eaglet, full fledged and grown, thrt walked with an eye surcharged with ma'jvolence by her side. Why was it ? What meant it ? What had caused thie change ? In a'wori, Lady Dessart loved Walter Meredith; and because lie loved Amy, the mother looked upon her daughter — certainly in age more like a sister — as her rival, and so regarded her that, at last, the pain of the first perception became a principle of hate ! This horrible condition of existence the woman endured until endurance could hold out no longer. We have said that she married young. We onght to have added as a justification — if anything in her future life required such a plea — that ahe married by force, compulsion, necessity, parents, poverty, and her own , beauty, a far older man than herself. A man who loved wine and wassail, and little fitted for a tender woman's winning, but to whom she proved a good and loving wife, without one single disloyal thought; and, if she now did cast her eyes upon the handsome form of Walter, with an idea that he was of a nature to make her still young life sweet and joyous to her, who shall blame her, save only that this involved a rivalry, far from desirable, with her daughter? To the womaa herself, doubtless, this was a terrible discovery enough ; and we must give her the credit of having struggled agaiastwhat seemed an unworthy passion, as long as she was literally able, till finding that it overmastered her will and power, ahe eunendered herself totally to its guidance, and found herself loving a man (who did not seem to have -one particle of love in re tarn to bestow upon her) with a power and intensity that was allied to madness. Doubtless, for tke first time, her torpid heart found warmth in the delirious in toxication of this sentiment. Still young, riob, and with a stately beauty that com manded, rather than won, like the more retiring beauty of Amy, Lady Dessart found in the first novelty of a sentiment something delicious and soothing, since it made up for her the arid and loveless marriage to which without consent or care, her youth had been consigned. It is in this consideration, after all, that we must find all that shall be excus able and palliating. Doubtless, also, there was something very terrifying to her maternal feelings in findisg herself the rival of her own daughter ; and that it was aa humiliation to her womanly instincts, never before experienced, to dis cover the false and ignoble position such an irresistible passion, plaoed her in; but her pain, and her shame, and her humbled pride were alike vain. Theinexorable sentiment day by day grew stronger, and its more repulsive features began to wear away gradually, as time familiarised her to own emotionB ; so that she began to contemplate, with some* thing of a systematic design, the best manner of defeating the. love of Amy, and rappiant ing her in the affections of Walter Meredith. Let us add here, also, that then was nothing in the sentiment of Lady Deaurt, apart from Us pecu liarity in conitituJing her a rival to her owa daughter.— there was aotbiatr to raise the blush cf shams upon her cheeks ; nothing immonV'**, nothing unwamanly, nothing in any *»n» unbecoming her dignity, position, and sex ; nnleaf it be a sin for a young widow, who having for some hilfa dozen yean, at least, baried a. hnsband twice her age, to look with a favorable eye upon a man not very far from her own age, and believe that a second marriage would be more conducive ti her future happiness than the first. Amy loved truly, singly, aad devotedly, and never doubtel the form of thejmertacing evil that was waHdng by her ride, ever like a darkening shadow, and wearing tbe frown that she now saw to her consternation daily on her mother's brow. No entreaties, no devoted attention, no tears and caresses shown by the lovely girl, canld win from her inscrutable parent the secret that bad con verted tot only herself into a sullen image of brooding discontent, but had iu truth, infected the it-olc household with its sombre influence. Walter at one lime imagined that be might be the cause in some way or other ; and having ineffec'ually endeavared to re collect in what manner he could have offended her, l.e frankly told her his doubts. But she ») earnestly, impetuously denied any such probability, or tbut be was in tha re motest decree obnoxious to h r, that he could not of course disbelieve her assertions ; and be began to feel an anxiety stealing across himwhen he saw that Amy grew pale and dis heartened at this remarkable change in her mother — a change app treat to most of those in near connection with her- but very evidently one to which she herself was a total stronger. Se far she kept this secret to herself. She watched the unembarrassed cource of this true love with furtive eyes, and there were times wlien tha strength of her soul was like to give way beneath the avalanche that was hurrying her forward so unconsciously to herself. Since, ho.vever, the day was not yet appointed, it was to her a respite, and she endured her own heart-torture in silence. The vulture preyed on her vitals — as yet, she groaned not. The two, Walter and Amy, found solace in their mutual love, and were thus thrown only the more into a dependence upon each other, particularly Amy, who seemed to be shunned by her mother with an .apathy that was as unaccountable as it was intolerable. Life, to this fair crtature, that seemed born to gladden all around, began to be a very earnest thing ; and amid the sweet waters of which she drank there began to be tasted aome of those drops of bitterness more terrible than death. It was a sweet evening, such an evening as that in which he first came in view of Dassart Manor, that kneeling half reverently — though whole lovingly — at the feet .of the superb, yet amiable Amy, he pressed her to name the day when their anion should take place. Bending her eyes upon him with, a loving radiance, t!ie low and whispered music crossed her lips as she held down ter hand for him to devour it with kisses. That same night he told the Lady De3saTt what had occurred ; and he was startled to see the sullen gloom of a lurid fire barn up and brighten in her eyes, while her lofty, pallid .brow grew stormy, with the wordless wrath that lelt her dumb as a spentre. Weeks had flown by, and what took place befell the following afternoon. Meredith, who happened to be albne, met Lady Deesart crossing one of the chambers overlooking the garden; and, afjer some few words, they proceeded to walk together around the garden. The conversation turned, by a peculiar tendency on her part, to his approaching mairiage with Amy; and as he remembered the thunderous brow of the preceding yea tereve, he quaked, and his stout heart quailed. He was almost glaa of it, too, for it w«e necessary to be spoken of and to be done with. Another time it would have been to him a delightful subject — now a vague fear weighed upou him, and he spoke with hesitation, and used few words ; but he saw that (as they advanced to a more impervious spot, where bos wood grew in absolute walls, . and the trim trees sheltered them, as in a chamber) she grew red and pale, was agitated and trembled, and her step grew measured, her air haughty and the fire in her fine eyes was alight. ' Walter,' said 6he, suddenly, imperi ously, sternly, ' this marriage must never take place. It will make me mad — it will kill me ; the very thought of it destroys me daily. It cannot — it must not — it shall not take place;' — and she turned on his appalled countenance her now pale and ghastly face — pale with, the fiie burning her to ashes. ' In the name of heaven, Lady Dessert !' he exclaimed, ' what is the meaning of this strange langnage — this violent outbreak? Ton amaze me — you alarm me ! I must surely have heard you wrongly, or else your words are too wild to be believed.' 'Are you blind— cannot you see? Are yon deaf— cannot you hear? Are you a man with perceptions, or a human creature with no more emotions than yonder tree that ?bears storm and calm alike 1 I love you I Tou have my confession ; and now you can trample upon one who crouches like a slave at your feet !' And hiding her face in her hands, with a deep sob, the prbud figure — clad in white silk, with jewels in her hair, despair in her heart, and love in her eyes — sank, an inert mass, at his feet. She bad fainted. So overwhelming, in fact, was her emotion, that, as she did not stir, Walter thought she was dead. He lifted her up and bore her into the house, and her hand maidens carried her to her bed. That uight she saw no one — spoke to no one. Tbe next the refused to see Amy; and, on the third, desired that Walter should be sent in to speak with her. He went; and in less than half -an hour came forth, pale and sad. as if he nad beheld a ghost; and for tbe re mainder of that day he did not seek out Amy. But, instead, the mother sent for Amy; and she, in turn, came forth out of the room, blindly staggering, and locked her eelf up in her chamber; and there was a depth of woe ic her sunken eyes and pale cheeks that Walter dared not question why. H« gueased it. On the other hand, Lady Dessart had put the question to a decisive issae, so far as regarded him. She had for bidden the marriage to take place under any conditions. She vowed that her daughter should not inherit n blade of grass ora copper coin. She said more than this, which made the man's blood run cold; bat he altered not his decision, cor shcok bis faith from Amy in the least fraction. On the third day the young people met ia the woodlands, aud held a long converse together, the result of which was that, seeing all at once the strange and fearful wreck of happiness that was banging over her, ahe resolved to trust herself for ever to him, by at once becoming his wife, according' to his own desire, and on his showing to her that there was naught else left for either of them to do, if, indeed, she did not choose to subscribe to her mother's fearful conditions— a thing ahe drew back from with ahuddeiing and awe. Ou the following morning, therefore, Walter, attended oy a faithful servant and Amy followed by a devoted attendant, with a third person as evidence, and friendly to both, they set forth while tbe Lady Dessart tetaained in her chamber. Having, in the meantime, confided the whole of the extra ordinary case to tbe confidence and judg ment of a revered etergymanTwho dwelt in s. neighboring village, aad officiated at its church, and who sanctioned and approved of the conclusion to which they had come, they were duly married, with all the proper forms of the ceremony, with witnesses and certifi cates 'and every acoetsory thai could tend to sitisfr tbe nervous fears of Any, who was paler than a sheeted spectre, with the horrible shadow of some mighty fear still weighing upon bersonL When all was over, they retained back to Dessart llanor, Walter thinking that as the irrevocable deed was now done aad tbe plighted troth redeemed by an oath of devotion, taken for life and death, still more binding, that Atny's mother, seeing there was ao help for it, would listen to reason, and submit to the necessity of the case. Trembling and doubt ing-, fearing and hoping, they thus returned — Walter leaving his pale bride alone in an adjoining ckamber, while be passed the threshold of that in which wns the woman, consumed heart and soul by her violent and ungovernable passions. She was seated in a great chair, and looked wan and broken — a shattered wreck in so short a space of time. She was prepared to see Walter ; but he read, in the quick and Bii pxions glance of her eyes, that if her hopes were blighted, there was that iu her nature which might make her dangerous as a foe. Walter had more fear for Amy than himself, and he put on the most conciliatory look and manner. In the meantime, unknown to both, Amy, trembling, but impelled by an irresistible power, followed to the open door, and stood without, looking in her white garments like a spirit waiting a summons to enter. She heard the stern, short question put by her mother. She heard Walter make a reply. She heard his concluding words — ' We are mf.Tried 1' She heard the suppressed shriek that followed — the broken exclamation — the moan of a heart trampled upon and despised; and then she heard her mother rise up from ont her chair, and ewear an oath of such malign bitterness, that she drew back in horror. She heard her mother curse her with a curse — herself, her husband, and, above all, her offspring, should she ever have any — a curse that tbe pen cannot write, nor the tongue utter, bat which was so tre mendous as to show an infernal ingenuity in weaving together withering, blighting, blasting, aad blasphemous words, which would have thundered with a frightful strangeness even in the arches of the bottom less pit ! Grovelling on the floor, insane with terror, feeling herself transformed into something actually unnameable, Amy heard every distinct and heavily articulated word. Walter appeared to have been stricken into stone. How Walter broke the dreadful spell, and staggered forth, he knew not ; but at the doorway he nearly stumbled over a flaccid mass of whiteness, which, when he tenderly lifted it up, he scarcely knew the face from the garment, gave by feature : it was so deadly white. He carried his fainting bride away ia his arms, and laying her upon a cosch in her own chamber, he left ner to tbe care of her handmaidens, and then made preparations for their departure. And that same afternoon they left the roof which was now to these exiles a place full of the darkest and heaviest reminiscences, They saw the Lady Dessart no more. She came not forth when their departure was announced, neither to bless nor to curse. The latter had gone forth, and the air was laden with it. Walter provided a plain carriage for his wife, and her female attend ant jjurneyed with her. He rode in gloomy silence by its side, mounted on his good horse. In Walter's house, however, all was differ ent. There, to Amy, all was love and protection ; and the tender assiduities of her hnsband, time, the genial change of the seasons, and all that could minister was done by willing hands, affectionate hearts, a noble mansion, wooded parks, fine fecenery, the laxury of wealth — but vainly. The arrow had sped — its point was in her heart I The frightful words came to her waking and sleeping. In her dreams they created evil shapes, and things of unimaginable form hnunted her sleep, otherwise tbat of inno cence. It was with a deep silent, and hope less anguish that Walter, as she now gave promise of being a mother, beheld the story written in her countenance. Since departing from Dessart Manor, naught had been seen or heard of Lady Deasart. Walter would not, Amy dared not ask ; and the anxiety of the former was now concentrated upon his wife ; far he fondly h iped— the last hope left him — that when she was a mother, new cares, new affections, and the continual duties of her maternity, would create a new phase of life to her. The babe was born — a hideous abortion of nature I It had nothing of its father's *omeline«fl, nor any particle of the mother's beauty. The mother saw it but once, and then closed her eyes in terror The father looked upon it with affright, and but for the care of the nurse, it would have perished in the first hour of its existence. It was evening. The light had vanished, and the long shadows fell in the chamber, which was dimly lighted by a single taper. By the bed was a cradle, ia which the baby lay ; but the mother, in profound agony, had turned her face to the wall. Walter was abroad, taming his maddened soul in the depth of the woods, through which he tore like a maniac. Suddenly a tall figure darkened the door way, and crossed the threshold. It beheld the cradle, and approached. Taking up the taper, tbe haggara, spectral thing bent down, gazed long upon it, and then laughed a laugh of shrill, exulting joy. Amy turned round and saw the face — such a face 1 — of her mother. Ic was like a stroke of light ning. She fell, with a cry, upon the pillow as her mother spoke : — ' The curse was not vaiuly spoken I It has worked— it has worked V She spoke to deaf ears ; poor Amy never stirred more. Enough had been done to her, and her light and her life had bees quenched together. When Walter returned, he found a dead child ia the cradle, a dead wife in her bed, and a babbling maniac gibbering on the floor. This was a combinafon of horrors too great for his physical strength to bear ; fever came, then a mental aberration, and for a long, long time he was is a state of imbecility : but time and a total change -of Fcene wrought a cure ; and he shrined Amy in his heart of hearts, and in part forgot tbe terror ef her life-and-death in the reflection that she wan now happy, and in a land of blessed peace and rest. 