LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. ——o—— The third Anniversary Services of the Scoresby Wesleyan Church were held, morning and evening, on Sunday and Monday, the 25th and 26th of March. On Sunday, two excellent sermons were preached by Mr. R. Nicholson, of Melbourne ; and at the usual tea and public meeting, on the following day, the company were favored with the services of the Rev. J. C. Symons and W. L. Morton, and also of the Keysborough Choir, which added very much to the enjoyment of the evening by giving several very beautiful pieces of music. It was expected that the chair would be taken by J. L. Purees, Esq., M.L.A., but, having been unavoidably detained in Melbourne until a late hour, he very generously forwarded a cheque for three guineas, which brought up the amount raised at this very successful anniversary to £26 13s., being a few pounds in excess of the current expenses of the present year. The cost of provisions (about £6), was cheerfully defrayed by contributions from friends in the neighbourhood. Dr. Lloyd had a numerous meeting of the electors at Brandy Creek on Monday evening, and the meet- ing was composed of the most influential residents in the district, and presided over by Capt. Lintott, J.P. The candidate having explained his views on the leading topics of public interest and answered several questions, a vote of confidence was accorded to him. The prospectus of the Provincial and Suburban Bank appears in our columns elsewhere. We have been informed that arrangements are in progress for opening a branch of this establishment in Dande- nong. The results of the races run on the second day at Cranbourne weremas follows : Ladies' Purse, Storm- bird 1, Mornington. 2, Bellman 3; Hurdle Race, Rover 1, Comedian 2, Almond Bush 3; Hack Race, [?]ac 1, Isabella 2, Ramrod 3; Consolation Handicap, Resolution 1, Dolly 2, Beeswing 3. A match bet- ween Stormbird and Albion for £50, resulted in the former's favor. Mr. G. W. Robinson, Secretary of the Shire of Berwick, has been appointed manager of the Dande- nong tollgates, in lieu of Mr. John Keys, whose term of office has expired. Dr. Youl held an inquest at the Melbourne Hos- pital on Saturday upon the body of Emma H. Kochler, aged forty- four years, who died in the Lillydale coach on the road to Melbourne on the 5th instant. Patrick M. Lee, gold miner, Melbourne, deposed that he knew the deceased. She lived at Reeftown. She had been ill for some time. He did not know she was coming to Melbourne. Constable Love deposed that he was sent for at half-past four o'clock on the afternoon of the 5th instant to the Lillydale coach. Deceased was inside. She seemed to be quite recently dead. Took the body to the Hospital. The driver told him that the deceased got into the coach at Lillydale. She complained of being ill all the way. She had in her possession an ad- mission ticket to the Melbourne Hospital, a sum of £3 12s., and a carpet bag. Mr. Henry B. Allen, M.B., Melbourne Hospital, deposed, that he had made a post mortem examination of the body, and found that death resulted from ulceration of the larynx. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical evidence. Mr. John Keys addressed a meeting of the electors of South Bourke on last Friday evening. There was a good attendance, and Mr. Alfred Padgham occupied the chair The Argus of Tuesday says.—" In a speech de- livered at Sale last night, which was intended to be to a certain extent a reply to the criticisms which his previous deliverances had evoked, Sir C. G. Duffy repeated his denunciation of; stonewalling tactics, and declared that any party would fail which made itself responsible for the proceedings of the obstructionists during the last season. In reply to a question is to what he proposed to do with the Legislative Council Sir C. G. Duffy said that he had a scheme in view, but that it would be premature to disclose the nature of it." Mr. John Keys has, during the past week, held a series of successful meetings in various parts of South Bourke. On Tuesday he held a meeting at Oakleigh, on Thursday at Mordialloc, Friday at Boxhill, Saturday at Blackflat ; the meetings were well at- tended, and the candidate generally,well received. A few weeks since, two men, named Bramwell and Greenham, were convicted of an assault on a China- man, it Richmond, and were sentenced by Mr. Tem- pleton to one months' imprisonment. They appealed against that sentence, and at the last Melbourne General Sessions, after hearing the case, the Chair- man, Judge Cope, reserved his decision. Yesterday, the accused, who are out on bail, were called, but did not appear, and Mr. C. A. Smyth prayed that judg- ment might be delivered. Judge Cope, however, was evidently, unwilling to accede to this prayer, and remarked that the punishment awarded was excessive. After some discussion in the course of which his Honor was reminded that he could not alter or vary the sentence, but must either quash or confirm the conviction, Judge Cope expressed himself in favor of pursuing the former rather than the Iater course, and.eventually he stated that he would defer judgment indefinitely. The effect of this procedure on the part of the Chairman of General Sessions will be suspend judgment over the heads of Bramwell and Greenham, and yet prevent its being enforced.— Age. Correspondents would do themselves more justice and save us a vast amount of unnecessary trouble and waste of time if they would be a little more careful in writing their communications. There would then be no necessity to complain of errors which must occur from careless writing. We have to acknowledge the receipt the April number of the Australian Journal. " Nina Cavallon, or the Foundling'a Bride," is brought to a close in a sufficiently sensational manner to please the greatest admirer of tragedy. A new tale entitled "The Demon of Brockenheim, or The Enchanted Ring," is commenced in this number, and bids fair to be full of thrilling interest, judging at any rate by the first two chapters. " The Stone House on the Tarwin," from The Detective's Album, is also of a very interesting character, especially for those who are fond of ghost stories. There are several other papers well worth reading in addition to the usual items of news and theatrical notes, &c.; Altogether the journal is quite up to the mark, and is well worth perusing. 