Inventions in Printing. Two important inventions connected with the important art of printing have just been perfected, —one in England and one in America, — which almost bid fair to be worthy of being recorded along with the triumphs of Guttenberg and Faust. The first is a machine for printing illustrated journals. It is on the cylinder principle, electro plates being curved in order to fit them to the drams or " turtles," so that the machine will be enabled to print almost as many impressions of engravings per hour as the in ventor has hitherto printed impressions from mere type. It is expected that the introduction of the machine will entirely revolutionise the process of what is known as book printing. The second is a machine by which molten lead is instantly converted into type and arranged for the press. It consists principally of a revolving iron cylinder, described as somewhat resembling a good-sized garden roller, with a small bank of finger keys on top, while behind and almost con cealed from view is a small tank of molten lead, heated by a gas burner beueath. The result is a stream of type pushed out steadily from one ride, every letter perfect and exactly correspond ing in its arrangement with the copy followed by the operator, ready for an impression in ink. The machine is said to occupy no more space than an ordinary compositor's stand, and to require no other supervision than that afforded by the compositor, who indicates the letters to be made and set by simply touching a key. The type made are in all respects identical with those now in use ; and the machine, it is claimed, is capable of doing its work with Buch speed that the type are made and set at one half the cost of the method now in use, while the matter printed is better than the present printing, because the impression is from entirely new type. When the type has been once used, either for the press or for stereotyping, it may be remelted and used with lees expenditure, either of time or money, than would be required to distribute and set it again. The attempt to pick up type by machinery, so long persisted in, has been abandoned as impracticable, chiefly because type could not be made so durable as to withstand the constant and repeated handling by metallic substitutes for fingers. Another essen tial feature is that the machine being wholly automatic, casts and dresses the type, making it in all respects equal to that in ordinary use. It also places the type in position, so that it is ready to go on the press without further manipu lation. The expensive fonts now in use are done away with by the new method. It is con templated to engage without delay in the manu facture of these machines, whose average cost is estimated at about £100 each. The invention is declared at the United States patent office to be one of the most important of late years.— Pitttburgh Commercial. A Machiwb Diking Tabix—A machine has been invented which may bring about a strike in a dan of workers who rarely resort to such means of intimidation with objects other than securing more "nights out" or permission to entertain more admirers in the kitchen. We mean the waiting maids, whose occupation the machine dining table aims to destroy. The in ventor says that it "is so constructed as to enable each person sitting at the table to bring the various dishes within his reach, which will enable the plates to be changed by mechanical means, allow each person to help himself to water when desired, which will keep bottles of win* and other substances cool, and which," — and here is luxury which reminds one of those frightfully expensive old Roman banquets— shall be provided with a fountain to keep the air cool and refreshing." We cannot pretend to describe all the mechanism. There is much of it It looks destructive to children ; but on the other hand it offers the advantage of a useful object for contemplation or topic of conversation for a dinner party of mechanical engineers. It might lead to disagreeable feeling amongst guests, if one should insist on revolving the middle portion, on which the dishes are placed, just as another wm about to help himself to some dainty morsel; and the stronger guests moreover would have an unfair advantage over weaker ones, because they could forcibly adjust that rotating top so that the tidbits would come before their own plates. And "when the plates are to be changed a crank is turned which lowers the plate that has been used, carries it beneath the table top, and raises a clean plate through the opening." Supposing some* body should turn, accidentally, somebody else's crank, there would be another catut belli, for who would sit silently by and see his dinner sink, like the ghost in Hamlet, without feelings of resentment against someone, especially if hungry ? There is a reservoir over the table and a system of waterworks under it, with a faucet for each plate. If something should leak, the unfortunate guests might in politeness tut still, while they contracted violent colds, owing to the soaking of their nether extremities. The iuven tion is an ingenious one, but we fear it is not calculated to impress the precepts of the Goldeu Rule. Sir Julius Vogel ha* made, in a letter ad dressed to the Times, what appears to us to be an admirable and practical suggestion as to the best method of ascertaining the various improve ments in arts and manufactures brought to light by successive International Exhibitions. He observes that it usually happens that " deserving and interesting exhibits are hidden by worthless objects;" that the sense of this reacts on exhibi tors of real merit; while, on the other hand, such exhibitions "are largely used as a means of advertising showily got-up and superficially attractive articles." Sir Julius proposes that after the main exhibition there should be a sup plementary exhibition of all the articles which are praised by the juries. Thus the real artistic, scientific, and commercial results of the exhibi tion would be, as it were, concentrated in a sort of microcosm. The suggestion well deserves the attention of the Royal Commission and of the French Government Ik some of my previous communications (says the Berlin correspondent of the Adelaide Register) I spoke about the new plan of laying underground telegraph lines, as these in the end will be cheaper than the present lines on poles, and also less liable to injury and atmospheric disturbances. One of the longest of these new lines—the one between Berlin and Mayenne, about 360 miles in extent—was completed on the 23rd July, when, in the presence of Dr. Stephan, our Postmaster- General, the telegraphic cable was submerged in the Rhine between Mnyenne and Kaslet—a sub urb of Mayenne oa the other side of the river— thuß connecting the two river ends. This line connects Berlin with Leipzic, Halle, Cassel, Frankfort, and Mayenn*, and will shortly be ex tended to Strasburg and Metz, thus forming the longest telegraph connection of thia description in the whole world. 