j . ; " THEATRE ROYAL. [?] . The above named' tragedy was pro- sontqd to a somowhnt large audionco on Saturday 'evening, by' tho Gladsiari'e Com pany, nnd' corisideririii tlio 'disadvantacro 'under which the performers laboured, . it was vory creditably1 placed on tliV stnge. It was in cvory way quito a snporior liis- trionio ; edition': of " William Shakspeare's Harnlot to ' that somie time' placed on tho boards of our local thratre.by a professional troupe 'of artists. This part of tho; de mented Prince, of . Denmark— - thbugh, perhaps, wo should riofc. apply this aidjec-! tive, as tlio matter is open- to' discussion,' yot in our opinion it seems appropriate — was takbn by Mr; G.U,R. ; Ireland Wo shnU.'ript say that Mr. Ireland's ropro- aonlation of this histrionic character was an unqualiflod success,' for so doing wo Bhould nuLLur mas guiiLiomau, ana snerooy ao him an injustice/ - Mr.; Ireland wo will say followed with the excoption of orio'or: two trifling violations,' orthodox rulo'sof; the stage, 'regarding tho;ropres6htatiqri of the characteri/'.Tho text . was. in soriio iustencea rioV'ontircly adh'e-'od to, but in .voryimiiriy cases' ho rendorod some of tlio passages with spirit, and at tho closo of ovcry scene he was called .'before ' the curtain and receivedoutbnrsts of applauso. Everybody was satisfied with his perform- anco, although somo of tho sovore critics did not thoroughly appreciate his rendering of tho character. Polo- « nius was wetl personified by Mr McGowan, and to Mr E. B. Russell must great credit bo ascribed for tho excollorit mannor in whichilio acquitted himself iri : the dual and somewhat dissimilar charac ters of .the Ghost- and- tho King. Mr Dillon as Laortes, satisfied tho audienco with liia' acting, which indeed,. :iri parts rose abovo mediocrity, while Horatio, in Mr Stuart Bolton, found a worthy repre sentative. Miss,E., Poudar " mado- an ox- collont Oplioliri; alio taking the audience at times fairly by surpriso by her . natural and impressive acting, and to Mrs .McGowim must bo awarded praise for her' iieudoringl of the Queen Gertrude, v To ' tho rqniqining members of tho company is icrodifc diiofor'tho caro thoy displayed in tho management of their sevoral parts — i though, ,-te ono gentleman whopliad' two : characters, assigned, ;him, it would ;b.oas woll, porhsp3, to administer a word of j caution against appearing again on the ;stngo with such, an apoplectic redness of ) tlie'.facp,' and ask hiiri to pay a little more ireeard'to the olocutinnn.pv niitei..rin» ne ; Sknkppoiiriiiu yassiges. Both liis ilelivory .and "got up" w.-mtod turning down. A ;word to tho scono-shiCtora from tlio mnn- agomont would not bo without avnil ; and tho rowdies nmong tlio gods wo would re" , commsnd partioulnrly to tho euro of the q police officer, ifsuohn fuuctionaiy bo pre sent at n theatrical representation. 