JJISTALLATIOJI OF THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE. i 3?lie ceremony of installing the newly«ap« pointed Bishop of Melbourne (Dr. Moor, house) to the charge of the diocDse took place on 11th inst.,atSt. James's Cathedral, with .all the formalities that are usual on such occasions The church at an early hour was very largely attended, and at eleven o'clock, the hour at which the cere monial was appointed to commence, there V?a3 scarcely standing room. A few minutes after 'eleven, his Excellency Sir George F. Bowen and Lady Bu»?en, accompanied by Mre. 'Mborhouse and Mrs. Thornton, and attended 'by Major Pitt, Private Secre tary to his Excellency, .entered ;the churph, and were conducted to a email gallery to fchp right of the ohanqel, which £ad been set apart for Ahe vice-regal party. A /Similar gallery on theother aide was occu fied 'by the^ family of the Yicar-Creneral. t was originally - intended that the installation should be conducted by jDean Macartney, but, unfortunately, that gentleman, who has been confined ? to hia house through illness for spme : flay^, was .still too unwell to attend, and ; conQequpntly the ceremony was performed i Uy Archdeacon Tucker, of Beechworth and fSftle, the senior archdeacon available, who ? apted by virtue of a commission from the' Vicar- General. On the bells of the church: ceasing the clergy and chapter rmefc the1 §iaho» at the principal entrance, aud con Quoted him thence to the chancel, the fol lowing being the order of the procession: — 3-he verger, lay canons, ideaoons, priests, -canonB, archdeacons, Archdeacon Tucker, Ahe Bishop of Ballarat, the Bishop of Mel Jbourne, the chaplains to the late bishop, the registrar. The Bishop, together with the idSiabop of. Ballarat, took his Beat at the aaorth aide of the altar table, and (there .were also within the railing3 a number of the more distinguished amongst the i Anglican clergy, , including , Dr. Cow Oper, dean of Sydney, Archdeaoons tucker and Stretch, and Canons Chase, -Goodman, Vance, M'Cullogh and Burton, -immediately outside the enolosure were about thirty members of the clergy as well as -several influential laymen, amongst whom were Sir William F. Stavroll and Mr. Jus tice Stephen. A voluntary having been played by the organisj: (Mr. Summers), the Kov, Canon Becher progoeded to commence the usual morning aorvioe of the Church, which .was conducted after the manner usual in cathedrals. The ohoral arrangements were, however, not so perfect aa thoy might and ought to have been on such an occasion, ?the deficiencies in that respect being due .to a Badden and injudicious change in ?the -mueio eolocted. In tho course of tho Borvice, aovoral clergymen, inoluding the [Bishop of Ballarat, tho Rev. Canon Good -tnan, the Rev. Canon Chase, Arohdoacon Stretch and tho Archdeacons of Caatlo unalue aud Booohworth took part, the first-iiainod rending! the ante- coiuumnion eorvioe. Immediately aftor the tirat leason, which was road by tho Kov. Canon Good man, tho Bishop delivered to Archdeacon 'Tucker his commendatory letter from tho Archbiahop of Canterbury. Tho docn inout was bunded to tho'roeiatrnr of tho dioceae, the hon. T. T. a Beckett, who read it aloud. Tho commission from tho Vicar-Gonoral was then read by Arohdoaoon Tucker, who afterwards prooooilod to iustal the now 'Bifjhop in tho following form :— I, -the Venorablo Joseph Kidgor Tucker, D.D., 'Arclidoucon of Uecohwortli nnu Salo, niul umlor the authority of a commission issued to mo bv 'tho Very Itov. Hussoy Burgh Macnrtnoy, Dootor -of Divinity, aud Victir- Gonorul of tho diocoso of ?Melbourne, do, on this, tho Uth Jauunry, 1377, ?atntul and induct effectually and iu full opiRConal Tight you, tho Itight Kov. hither in CJmt Jamea Moorhouso, Doctor of Divinity, in your own vPrQ()or povaon tho Bishop of Molhourao, oleclod. ?ooutirmod aud coiiBoomtod iuto the real, actual and corporal possesBiou of tho said bishopric and Cathedral Church of Mulbourno, with all its Tights, dignities, honors, privileges and appurto nances wliatsoovor ; and I do assign to you, tho imd Jiiuhop, tho opifioopnl scat iu tho oliutr usually ftuak'ued aud nppomtod to tho bishop, no c&rilinj-; to tlio oustom oi this cathudrul church iu ?tbia behalf. The Biahop then flubsorlbud to tho follow, tug declaration : — I, Jamea'Moorhouso, do solemnly nnd Hiucoroly *[ocarouiy aocoptuiico of tho coustitutiou of tho ?UijUod Church of JSn^Iaml nnd Irelmul, in the jUolony ol Victoria, mi it is not forth in tho Act *» ^ictona, No. d5, oommonly knoivu as tho Smirch Countitution Aot, and tho aot to BWoua tho flamo, paHnud in tho thirty-sixth your *« tu.° .»',?'«'- of hov prosout Mujoitv, and mini B)O|«a AA ; nud Unit 1 will to tho best of my ability, fiiveolloot ihoreto, nml to tho uot.i passod «n purouflnco thoroof, until tho unmo or «i\v of * r!'d fMllw;Uvo|y -»o lawfully nltcrod' or TJM'. HKHMON. The HUhon thon dulivorod a aorinon, taking lorlua text tho :i3rd vorso of tho titli chuptor 0 St. .Mutthow'B (iOMpcl, 'Hook yo flrat th« #ugdom of God and his riuhioouttnoBB.' «o nMd that ho oounitloroti tho toxt a llktiug . ouo for tho oouauiou, and would cmloavor to ?xpUiu ita iinoAning ah fully m possible. If ♦nyono ;U»d Aalrod tho nnoatloa what thoy '*ero nont Into tho world b do, lio aunpoaod tu»t tuey w0,,id |,,vo hwa n-d OQOl h V«U tU« viBtror, 'to not up tho k(U{|.loiu of Dod.u bJBfiauSB in^-n'eir ^Mtfet's'llfetinio this': iwiari ^oi;m6s3aif(c:T)X'Whib1i.thlcy wcro com-' iriiss'iohbd, '* Wo; 'pretlcTi un'to all incn, and' Bay the kingdom of heaven is at Tiand.' Towardo%ha't*n4'fcb.o Lurd himself deHvered, many discourses, and it was for this purpose ' Itha't -btshopa and tnixiistCTa wore aent forth ' to i;he wbrld. The kingdom of hoavDn mtist | ithen'bo Bomething in thie world ; .it had it3 ' Ibeginning here ; and thej- know something ' ?ol this from the Lord'ajjarabolical toachinga, ' But although it wa3 in this world, it was made quite olear from Scripture 'that it was - not of this world, mrithcr in its spirit, aims normeatiB of extension. 'c 'If my kingdom were of this worU,' said thx; Redeemer, 'then would my BBrvatfta fight that I should not : be delivered to the 3 ews ; and Paul said, 'The kingdom of God ia not meat or drink,' not aenaual indulgence, but some thing .inward — ' righteousness, and peace and joy in the Holy GhosV' It was, first, a new relation to God ; a relation io God which hnd for its sign aa3 result *'joy in the HolvGho3t.' And then, acain, it was a better and truer relation toman, represented by righteousness, and a dedication of the hearf and life to tho kingdom of God. These two things, o new relation to God and a rightrelationto man, weremanifested, and in dicated t-y a deep .and amding peace in the soul ; and so it was that Paul told them it was 'peace and joy in the Holy Ghost.' If, then, any of his hearers wished to know whether they were really members of the kingdom of God, they must put the question to themselves individually, not 'Am I bap. tised?' but 'Am I in the true relation to God and in the right relation to man ?' God forbid that he should depreoiate the ordi nance of holy baptism ; for it had ensured to each individual who had been so introduced to the Church that love o£ God which was promised to all the world by the Gospel. But it should be remembered that God in Christ was reconciling, not that man. and the other man Bimply, 'but the whole world, to him self. It was one thing to have the offer and gift of a thing, and another to take it. If he were to offer a gold coin to a mendicant in the street it would 'be his property .ac cording to bis (the donor's) will and inton* lion, but it was not the mendicant's pro pertyiSn' the sense of personal appropriation until he stretched forth liis hand and took it. Ho might offer it, and give it as fresly as Christ ^offered and .gave them pardon, but it must be accepted before it became his. So with the gifts and grace3 of God ; they ; were given at holy baptism, but when a man : arrived at the age when he could value and receive these gifts he -must Btretch forth the hand of faith and take them. He did not ; care much for forms and ahows ; he must be j ?proclaimed bishop of that dioceae in that! way, because the church required it ; but he .would rather know that one man or ' woman in that church was really a member j .of .the kingdom of .Christ than ihave -any ?ceremony whatever. He hoped that ithey all would ask .themselves whether they had , entered into this right relation with God — j ?sacrificed pride, envy, gain and eeliidhness of i every kind,' and were ready to follow the i example of Jesua, to imitate His blessed i spirit, to give up their own wills and only ' Jknow the will d their blessed Father on; .high, and do unto all men as they would ; they should do unto them. If they could say : in the sight of the .heart-searching God that ? they had done this, and were ready, to dedi catetheir lives to His Hervioe, they must' verily bo members of His kingdom ; but if unhappily there was one person 'thore who f could not thus answer the quoation, he would; aak him to ponder over the words of the ] test, 'Seek yo first the kingdom of God.' ? Which was the better — the soul or tho; body ; the pleasure and.favor of God or the pleasure and favor of man ; tho satisfaction of solQsh lusts and pleasure or the sanctifica tion of a life to God ? Whioh could thoy take to tho grave with them, into tho land beyond ? If tho former, ' the kingdom of God and hia righteousness,' was the better 'thing, was it unreasonable to ask that they Bhould seek that thing first? Ho would counsel'thenito give it the first place in their hoarts, and if thoy did it in obedionce to tho command of thoir Saviour thoy would as suredly reap the, promise that was joined to his toxt, viz., that all theso 'other fchiuga' — meat and drink, clothing, houses, cqni pages and everything that was good for them —would inevitably -bo 'added unto them.' At tho conclusion of tho sorvico, tho holy communion was administered by tho Bishop to a largo numberof communicants, aud tho procoedmg3 in tho church terminated. The Bishop next attended at tho Diocesan Assombly 11 all, whoro two addreasos wore presonted to him ; ono being from tho olorgy of tho dioceao, and tho other boing from tho clergy and laity generally. Thoy Nvoro road by Archdeacon Tucker aud Sir \V. i\ Sttiwoll reapootively. Tho Bishop having replied in a fow well choaou words, tho llishop of liullurat intro duced a deputation ot olorgy nml Inity from his diocoao who desired to oougratu lato Dr. Moorhoust' on his arrival in Victoria, Tho Blahop thnnked tho doputation for tho coiuplimont paid him, and tho company then diaperaod. Till! r.V.VOHKOK. Tho public lunohoou givon iu honor of tho Diahop of Molbouruo was hold in tho Athon. ftjmn Ifull, Thoro were about '300 puraons proaout, b Inryo proportion of whom woro ladies. Mr. K. U. Miller was tho caterer on tho oooaaion. H io HOxvollonuy tho Gover nor, iu tho ahaonoo of tho A'ory Kov. tho Dean of Molbouruo, presided. Atthoprin. oiptil tivblo Hiiuuigat tho guoub) | wct'o Ludy iiowcu, Uiultop Moorhouuo, Mrs. Moiii'houuo, iUuhop Thornton '(ltullurat), Sir William Stuwcll, tho Dean of Syd noy, Miaa Uowon, his Honor Mr. Jus* tiwy .Stophon, Arohdoaoon Tuokor, Major I'itt, hon. Mrs. Bright, ;Mva. MuoArtnoy iviul iVrohdeiuon Stretoli. Tho following filled tho vioo- ohalra :—'Mr. llrott^ Mr. 11\. Utility, Dr. Hoavn, Mr. lUiadcu, Mr, I'arkca, His JJ.vcKi.i/KSdV.tin proposing fcho tout of' tho lloalth of the Qucon, rogwttod tho nb. , oeiico of thn Vory iluv.'thoDoau of Mclv Iwurno, who was 'to havo .prooidod, but; owing to illnoaa waa uiublo -to do ao. Tho itotwfciWM oub that ftlwaya mob with a boavtj ircooption »t Iho 'huntla of DritouK, no. matter iiu-wkrtfqukrtor oftho globo tkeyi wowfouud. and thoy would that d»y ahow tho now dliaUop of ) Molbouruo bow atroug - w«a tlio feeling of loyalty by whloh tlwy woro Ruimntod, and from thorn ho nii«lit j udge p£ Wia /great - loyally Wrlua^' pm|tdq| ehe-nin4s-()I aH: Viofcoruuss, ifHcat, ,1icari) i&nSfagUah; fltal«sman ooce TesKarkodihati loyalty in Edgkod was » aefttimtait ; ia An»tfulitv it waa a paswon. f t V«a not at least an ttnreilaonablo'feeliHg Vith them. It was founded in the firal place1 uponlfte dcepi foycrencB ^which they entertained for. the: oxaited position and private virtues of her ', igracioua Majesty, and, 'secondly, it was baocdapon the fact that the Crown wa3 thq aymbpl of oar common nationality. The Crown W33 the golden link that bound to gether tho BritiEh raco in all q^oaTtera of the globe. {Cheers.) The toast wa3 drunk with great en thusiasm. Sir Wm. Staweix, in proposing the toast of The Governor, said that hU Excellency was that day amongat them as a churc'iman, and paid him a marked compliment for the manner in 'which he discharged hia social duties, He evinced on all occasions the utmost readiness to assist in everything that had for -its object tho good of the country, and thja contributed not a little to the good government of the colony, of which they folt justly proud. The toast wag drunk with cheen. HisExcELLExey, in responding, returned thanks for the kiud terms in which it had been proposed, and the cordial manner in which the toast had been received, It af. forded him very great pleasure to be amongat them that day, and to meet 30 many mem bers pf the church of their fathers (cheers), to which they clung all the more fondlv in the new land of their adoption. He joined heartily in the welcome which they nought togive their new chief paator, the episcopal successor of that eminent flcholar.ondgentie man, the first Biahop of Melbourne. (Cheers). No one would have rejoiced more than Bishop Berry in having found so worthy a : successor. 'When he was in England last year he had heard in high quarters that a bishopric would soon be conferred npan Dr. Moor house, and ibis proved to be correct. Sinc8 accepting the position of Biahop of Mel bourne Dr. Mooxhouse had been offered the Bishopric of Calcntta end they could not but feel gratified to learn that he had refused it, -preferring to remain in Melbourne. (Oheera.) Under hia able direction and guidance he felt that they would continue their friendly relations with the other churches throughout the colony. They would all join with him heartily in ac. cor4uiga hearty welcome to Mrs. Bdoorhouae, and wishing her health and prosperity. (Prolonged applause.) They would, he felt assured, - find in her a faithful Buccessor to Mrs. Perry in every sood work. Mrs. Moorhouse had confided to him the fact that she had received a favorable impression oi Melbourne already, And J3he would aot, he was sure, induce tho bishop to return to England. (Laughter*) ?It was {die wish of Bishop Perry to lire and die -amongst them, and he would doubtless have done so but for hiB wife. (Laughter.) A friend, in speaking -to him on the subject, remarked that -this was an argument iu favor of the. celibacy of the clergy, at least of the bishops. (Laughter.) He felt satia fiod that neither by act nor wordTvould Mrs. Perry do aught that would tend to strengthen the argument in favor of epis copal celibacy. (Applanse.) In conclusion he called on tho company to drink Long Life, Health and Prosperity to Bi3hop Moor house. The BrsHOP ov Meltjottrxe, on risiD.?, was received with reiterated applause. He , said he felt that the reception he had met ? with in Melbourne waa infinitely beyond, any deaertB he conceived himself to possess. He had received a most favorable impres- '? bion of the city already, and he had not 'been in it half-a-dozen daya without seeing; something of the difficulties and a great deal of the responsibility of the office which he had undertaken. He had that day been .presented with addresses from tho clergy aud laity of the diocose, and he had excused himaelf from replying at any length aa ha proposed to refer to the points touched upon in tho course of any remarka he might* make at tho luncheon. If, thorefore, ho occupied moro than hia fair share of the time allowed to spoaker3, he hoped they would excuse him. Tho first point to which he. might advert was tho work aud character of hia predecessor. Ho felt the aptness of the reference, and he also felt like Elisha, whon overshadowed by the mantle of his great master. It wa3* some comfort to him to know thai, -whatever his 'shortcomings might be, it waa his pre-. doccsaor that haa been mainly instrumental in inducing him to accent the officoof Bishop of Mt'lbonrno. (Henr.^oar.) Ho had been olYered tho position of Bishop of 'Calcutta by Lord Salisbury ; but having given in hia adhesion to Melbourne, ho fouud he could not ao enaily throw off hia tirat lovo for tho now. '(Appluuse.) In the aililrosses also it was stiitea that hia oflieo was regarded as a link in tho great chain of government -which counooted theso agoa with tlw priniitive tiinoQ of tho Saviour. Ho did not regard that na nn emptj* sentiujiMit. 1 fc had a very important beariug upon tho church of -their ovrti'thno. If thoy wero aakod how they knew that tho ohurch had existed- for nuaibers of conturiea, tho beat answer they o»«W give waa that they could trace all tho bishopa of the. church up to tho-tiino when St. Paul tr4d Timothy, 'Sco that yon lay hwida suddenly on no man.' If thoy werc*aked^ow they know that tho Crown of England excroitea nutlidrity in theso colonies, hW could it be buttor proved than by giving a liat of the GoNTirmots, Ihut irons thedat© the colony wm fouudiul down totho ablOBobohirly soatleman whouow^llcdit? (Che«».i- tt%eyha-l»Uo stated in tho address that tiho church -vms « u-unprv)hou6ivo inutitution. Thfct wm » imto» found truth. Thoro irer« renaoas wh-- it should bo lo—reasoua dt-cp aud plain, «nd prox-rd tby theohuroh'aliisWy, hw forma of worthip, juid hwr dootriual rtandardi of faith. On board %\w . OJaaploro he wm imcompany with a celebrated diMenfcing clocgyman, who referrtd tothl* vary poiut «n one ooc*aion,in the couwo of conversation. Uoobaerwotl,;l«Yoorohu»ohMJa ftwtunxteia not hfcTlngaoiined the jnwuing iof *he word inapiration.'! That thfe v did not do «o »d mitted «f tlrer© being «BBQh difference o*i mtiiatoa.; bat, at tho «ame %ime, it anowcd- tb»tilhe-ohucohiWMvoinpc»hen»ive- i In oue.ot.tho »ddreaae« vUuaion «m made *o , tho Bocoaalty of sapplying por«on« in tbia oolony (or the miniatry of the church whose ' jtfftans ihould1-e'i« wiSe twd deej» M^wiM' krtp'^kc with the-^Mmglrts«! the (tiiie. w£ da iiot- !kn»w whether that «ra* 4bt v&tz;'n*. not, - He iiad no knowk-dge whaAene* of the ability of the clergymen ollha cofcojr, «aid therefore any remarka he might jnak& coald not fee considered to h&v;& an individual &f-; plication. The few flennona, luwtvsr, which ho had neard here vrece, in hia opinion, above the average of English sennoaa,' \Ap- plause.) How waa the wanfc-of jyhich. ihey, complained to be supplied 1 Thai vrza «*.. Important question. Connected rnSh Oz ford there waa a echool of divinity, under Profes3ora Lightfoot and Weacott, which he believed would turn out young men in every way adapted tor the work.; But the next question was how were these men to be brought here. He could not hold out the hope of romance to them. Ee could not allow them to suppose that their minis try might be attended with martyrdom, and that there was the least probability ol their being roasted and eaten. They could oaly be induced to come by sufficient remunera tion being secured to them. It vras pimply a question of pounds, shillings, and psaee. It rested with the members of the cburcb, who might spare their pocket3 bnt statve their souls. - He did not think that they should be obliged to send their clergy to be educated in Sydney. They should ba able to do eo here in tbia colony. True, they had Trinity College ; bnt of ita srorkiag he knew nothing beyond this, that their young men atiU went to Moore College to be educated. He was, comparatively speaking, a poor man ; but he would gladly contribute £200 towards the establishment oi a training iostitution, or college, where their young men would ba educated for the church ; and when he got a fuller pocket he would, if necessary, give more, ( Applause. } He thought that he could not more fittingly resume his seat than by eeriooaly impressing this all-hnpprtant question upon their minds. Having again returned thanks for the cordial nature of his reception, Bishop Moorhoa-e resumed bis seat amidst great applause. Sir Wm. Stawell then proposed tha Health of the late Bishop of Melbourne, Dr. Perry, who, he said, had done ao much for the church in this colony, especially in securing the passage of the Church Assam bly Act, by which the baity were regarded as forming & portion ol tho church. When Dr. Perry took charge of the diocese they had only a few churches awl a mere handful of preachers. When he lelb thorn they bad 130 clergymen, 10& lay readers and assistants, 200 churches, and 150 par sonages. He had worked nobly for the church, and they would be ungrateful if they ceased to regard htm with feelings of ths deepest respect and veneration, 'The toast was jrery;warmly drank. Several other toasfca followed, after which the proceedings terminated. 