MELBOURNE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRKSrOXDEN'T.) Tuesday, 20lh March. I Sir James M'Culloch's address to tha country is looked forward to with great in. terest; and, indeed,' anxiety. No doubt we shall hear in a few day? when he ia to speak. The eyes of men were never so much upon him as now. It is expected that he will con, cede a trifle more in the direction of a hi|\ tax than ho proposed in his abandoned scheme. The freetraders thirst for his utter ances. From privato letters [ hear that Sit Francis Murphy proceeded from India to Italy, where he has been staying, and visiting Nice. 3 Sounds like the booming of the Cerberiu guns were audible a few minutes ago. The Naval Brigade has been reinforced lately, anil is very active in drill, of evenings, with cutlasses and big guns. Ballarat decides on its third Liberal can didate to-night. Why not insist on Penrson" Ho has hardly the ghost of a show at Boroondara. Mr. Higinbotham, they say, has been ap pealed to again, and remains obdurate. Is it fair to observe that ho reminds ns of Allan in She cricket match 1 But let us respect the statesman's motives, and ponder over them. The measure of indifference manifested to wards him is in itself a bad sign. He might damage the chance of a patriot somewhere, so 1st him lie. Measures-not men-in which I don't believe. Scarlet fover is reported from various suburbs. Cricket is all the talk. It is popularly settled that W. G. Grace, G. F. Grace, Daft, and all the cracks must come out to be beaten by elevens throughout the colonies. In fact wo are almost prepared to invite an English fifteen. The bookmakers have lost heavily. They backed England, as n rule, and laid odds, which we're advanced on the news that Allan would not play. There is much uneasiness in business circle! about the building societies. It is felt that the lino is overdone. Investors should b« careful. Without doubt building has beeu stimulated around Melbourne by these socie ties, and heavy losses are incurred which must fall somewhere. In places where houses and shops are empty, people still go on madly building. These societies are engaged in a most unhealthy competition. Bankers and actuaries shako their heads. Even managed of building societies agree that there must be a smash; although, of course, it will not touch their particular societies. Bills were distributed around Collingwood last Saturday stating that the "Converted Jewish Lady" would deliver an address in a public hall on Sunday afternoon, "toyuun; men and youths. Factory ham's specially invited." I believe she is rather eloquent. A. Mrs. Marks also lectures to-night at the Melbourne Temperance Hall. No doubt it ii the same person. An ounce of fact being worth a pound oi theory, it has puzzled me for some time to account for tho large placards which are hung out at numerous Melbourne drapery shops, "Geelong tweed, trousers and vest, 22s Oil." It has been stated that English manufao hirers fabricate imitations ot ueeiong tweeui, which arc seDt here and sold as such. But inquiries have been made, And, as I hear, the factory companies are satisfied that the tweeds are genuine. Such being assumed, the cheapness of the goods, which are of fait quality, ought to bo an argument for protec tion, unless we are to say that low wages in the factories afford the explanation, and we hear nothing about that. Pascoe is about due in Melbourne sgaiu liini and Shackell. Nothing like worrying the Ministers. But it is election time. Mr. Shackell did harder work in Melbourne than any other shire secretary I know. Put him in. He knows the ropes. Touch Ramsay up again about the schools. But, I under stand, you will spare them a little, giv« them breathing time. The politicians of the White Hart aid Albion are bitter on the Echuca wharf. Even men from the W est, whore Warrnam bool jetty is situated, have had the impu dence to talk about "job." There is nothing country people like to gloat over more than the reports of Melbourne amusements. Lazar's Opera Company lacki a great prima donna. Do Vivo, formerly will lima De tMurska, is negotiating in America and Europe to bring out Lucca, Tietjens, or a star of that calibre. However, our Italian opera is very- enjoyable, because so evenly good all round. Ambitious musical people want to hear Verdts' Aida and-Don CarloJ, Wagner's Lohengrin and Tnnnhauser, Thomas's Mignon and Hamlet, and all those novelties. They complain that the Melbourne opera is Mantilini's "demnition old grind," Trovatore, Faust, Lucia, Sonnambnla, II Barbiero, and Norma. Still they are pleased to hear the old favorites for the twentieth time. The orchestra numbers thirty, and tho chorus all singers, fifty ladies and gentle men, in addition to thirty supers, and Hen ning's scenery. Surely this is luxuriom when we look at the list of twelve principal artistes. 