A NOVEL WITHOUT A NAME. By William Aubrey Burnage, Author of " A swim for a wife," "Constance," " Bertha Shelley," &c.; CHAPTER XVIII.--(Continued.) Frank glanced at the speaker with- out reply, and then, turning to Mr. Talford, said in a whisper, " What is the meaning of this, sir ? Tell me quickly, is she worse ? is she dead ?" Mr. Talford raised his eyes from the carpet, and gazed at Frank, with a look of pity and concern " My dear boy, she is worse !" he said sadly. " No ! Stay a moment !" he continued, laying his hand on the young man's shoulder as he turned to hurry to his sick sister's side, " Stay a moment ! She is asleep now. Your aunt and Rachel are with her. Restrain your impatience for a little while till she wakes." Frank sank into a chair and sat silent for several minutes, his face buried in his hands. Polly had ap- peared very much better on the morning of the sail to Watcombe and he had barely recollected more than her existence since, so deeply had his hated rival's danger occupied his thoughts. " How long has she been worse?" he asked presently, without raising his head. " She seemed almost well on the day of that picnic." " She has been slowly sinking ever since she fainted there. In fact----" " Fainted ?" interrupted Frank rising to his feet, " I heard nothing of that. She was at the breakfast table next morning ; and she did not appear to be any worse." " Yes, Frank," replied Mr. Talford gloomily. " At the picnic she joined in the game for a few minutes, and the exertion was evidently too much for her for she fainted ; and she had been sink- ing ever since." Frank turned to the doctors. " Tell me at once, bluntly and without reserve, \--how is my sister ?" " Past all human aid, as I told you a month ago," replied one of them. " She may perhaps rally a little, and walk about again for a few weeks ; but she is past all hope of recovery. You may prepare yourself for the worst ; for though she may linger even for six months she may go off in as many seconds. That bell (ah it has just stopped) may toll for her to-morrow." Frank staggered back to his chair, and sat down again, his lips tightly compressed, and heavy tears falling upon his clenched hands; and Mr. Talford softly stole out to the garden to hide his own emotion. Rachel sat reading by the bedside alone for nearly a quarter of an hour, Polly sleeping the while ; and then Miss Letitia returned to the room. Her eyes were red with weeping ; but shedding tears had relieved her, and she felt much more composed. As she took her place by the bedside the invalid opened her eyes ; and the old lady rose, and stooping over her, kissed her pale brow, " My darling !" was all she could utter. " Frank !" Polly murmured. " Where is Frank ?" " I wrote to him three days ago. He must surely come to-day." " I do so want to see him before I die !" The aunt had to hurry from the room again-- not even her late burst of weeping had prepared her to hear Polly speak of death unmoved--and Rachel gently drawing her chair a little nearer whispered, " If your brother does not come to day, dear Polly, I will ask Herbert to go up to London for him." " Ha ! our patient is awake again I see !" said a gruff whisper voice ; and glancing up, Rachel found the phy- sician in the doorway. That gentleman stepped up to the bedside, nodded to Rachel, smiled at the sick girl, and taking her thin hand in his, said cheer- fully, " A decided, improvement since breakfast time, Miss Talford ! Pulse slower and firmer." Rachel smiled with pleasure, and whispered, " If her brother came she would be more easy. She is very anxious to see him." " He came in ten minutes ago ; but he has been waiting for her to wake. Shall I send him in ?" Polly smiled a faint assent ; and the doctor saying, " He must not stay with her many minutes she is too weak ; for the excitement," left the room. In a few seconds Frank was by the bed. He did not appear to notice the young lady by his side. He saw only the thin, wasted but inexpressibly beautiful features of his dying sister. Polly uttered a faint exclamation of welcome as he stooped and kissed her. " My dear, dear sister, I had no idea you were so much worse !" he murmured in a broken voice ; and Rachel's conscience pricked her sorely as she saw tear after tear fall upon the snowy coverlet, and remembered some very uncharitable thoughts, of which the heart-wrung brother before her had been the subject ; and she rose and retired to the window out of hearing. " You seemed so well that afternoon at Watcombe? I never knew till I came in just now that you fainted at the picnic !" An expression of acute pain passed like a cloud over the young girl's face. " Don't speak of that day, Frank ? Never speak of that day again !" she murmured ; and after a moment's pause, she said softly, " Frank, dear brother, I shall soon leave the bright world now ; will you promise to meet me in heaven ? It would not seem like heaven if I missed any one I loved on earth. I have only you and aunt ; oh, Frank let us be united again in heaven !" Her eyes closed, and her lips continued to move for a few seconds ; but Frank did not catch the fervent prayer, " And grant, oh God, for Jesus sake that Harry may go too and--and Mabel !" The physician here entered the room again, and touching Frank on the shoulder motioned him to leave the room. And the young man kissed his sister on the lips, and turned to obey. Polly opened her beautiful eyes for a moment and smiled on her brother and then closed them again. " She is not strong enough to endure two minutes conversation at a time ; she is so weak," whispered the physician as they left the room together. " The excitement is too much for her. She is a little stronger again ; and I should not be surprised from the change were she to rally so much as to leave her room again for a little while ; but as Mr. Woods said just now, that bell may toll for her tomorrow." " You think she is a little better then ?" Frank asked eagerly. " A little ? Yes ! But not enough to build hope upon. Did you ever observe the strange tenacity of life, as it were, of a burnt-out candle? The fuel appears exhausted, the light sinks lower and lower till you could swear it was dead, then all unexpectedly it flickers back into brightness for a few seconds. Then again it all but dies away and again gleams up now dim, now bright, now dim again, now brighter than ever, till presently in the midst of it's false glare it is suddenly extin- guished. So often is it with life in cases like this--burning the brightest but a few seconds before it goes out for ever." Frank shuddered, and passed out to to the garden without replying, and joined his preceptor, who was pacing the garden walks in deep thought. " Thank God, sir, she is better !" Frank cried clasping the barrister hands. " The doctor says she is better----" Mr. Talford did not reply for some seconds. He felt that it he spoke his tone might tell more than he wanted known. Presently he said in a well steadied voice, " Thank God indeed, Frank, for the mercy ! Her life is in His hands !" " If she is better to-morrow, sir, I must return to London." " Return to London, man ? Are you devoid of all natural affection !" ex- claimed the barrister, utterly surprised and angered by what appeared to be little better than brutal callousness. " Did you not hear Woods say that the bell might toll for your sister to- morrow !" Frank sighed deeply. The other doctor when speaking of the improve- ment had said the same. He would freely die to save his only sister's life : but he could not prolong it by so much as one moment ; and his absence from Chelmsford might endanger his hated rival life, or make necessary a confession that for the sake of his own and his sister's name he recoiled from making. " No !" he thought bitterly, as the doctor's words echoed in his ear, " they shall never engrave on her tombstone the sister of a murderer !" Turning to Mr. Talford he replied " You recollect the officer who joined you at the picnic? He is an old school friend of mine ; and he is now in prison for murder. I know he is innocent ; but the evidence against him, which is purely circumstantial, is very black. His friends wish to retain you to defend him." The barrister declared that he had no intention of returning to London at present ; as he intended to make his stay a long one : but on Frank's explain- lug the case more fully, and begging as a personal favor that would defend his old school friend, he reluctantly consented. It seemed almost like a duty to defend any friend of her brother. " I shall collect evidence to explain away the apparent proofs of guilt, sir, and I can do so with greater oppor- tunity of success, if you are the counsel for the defence," explained Frank. " Bnt why not leave the collecting of evidence to the solicitors ? It is their business, not ours !" " I have reasons, sir, which I may not tell," replied Frank gloomily. Dr. Churchill here joined them. " Our patient has a decided change for the better, Mr. Talford. I must hurry away now ; for I must drive over and see old Lord Rushton. He has another severe attack of gout." " If you will give me a seat in your gig, doctor, I will go with you. You can set me down at my own door," replied Mr. Talford. " Frank, tell my sister I will call and see her in the morning, when I hope to find Miss Seymour very much better. You may rely upon my presence in Chelmsford," and the doctor following he passed through the gate to the gig, while Frank returned to the house. CHAPTER XIX. Clara Fenton and Nellie Brison were walking up and down in the shrubbery, eagerly discussing the now exclusive theme of conversation at Elmgrove Hall-- Harry's approaching trial. Mrs. Fenton was laid up with a sick headache, and Fanny was with the housekeeper giving directions about sundry household mat- ters ; and little Beatrice had coaxed her papa to take her with him in the carriage to see poor Harry. It was a cold morning ; and a sharp breeze was blowing : but the girls, wrapped in their warm, heavy shawls, paced the paths of the sheltered shrubbery unconscious of the weather, so deeply were their thoughts engaged upon the one sorrowful subject. Clara's voice was at rather a high pitch ; but that was occasioned by the wind probably. It is not considered lady- like to talk so loud : but then her usual tone would have been drowned in such weather. " You cannot tell, Nellie, how angry I am with Mabel Wilton," she said with vehemence. " She must be a mean-spirited, false- hearted girl, or she would have gone to see him, or at the least have written to him before this ! I have no patience with Fanny : she is always taking her part, and making excuses for her--perhaps this, and perhaps that till she drives me frantic ! I wish I had a lover in trouble I would show you all how a devoted girl would act !" Clara's pretty face was flushed with excitement, and her blue eyes spark- led like gems and as her fair curls fluttered about in the wind she looked fifty per- cent prettier than ever. So thought Nellie ; and, though she was in no very happy mood at the moment, she smiled. She had so often heard the girlish boast before, that she half wished the energetic, high-spirited young lady might meet with a suitable opportunity of playing the heroine. But she sighed as she smiled, and thought, " Oh if I had only a chance of doing something to save Harry ! There is nothing that I would not do, that could benefit him ! I would prove my love by my devotion, as Mabel appears afraid to do !" " What is the sense of loving at all, if you are to let the first little storm daunt you !" argued Clara. " If people are ready to become joined for ever to fight the battle of life together, they should be ready to bear each other's troubles from the first. If the first hour of danger is enough to frighten a girl, how is she to be expected to be a faithful wife to the end of the chapter!" " Ah !" thought Nellie ; and another heavy sigh escaped her, " If Harry had loved me with but a quarter of the love he lavishes upon that false, callous Mabel Wilton, I would have shown how a true woman could cling to her lover in this hour of trial ! I would not let two weeks pass and be ashamed to be seen to visit him. And even now, though he cares nothing for me, I would count any trouble, any sacrifice a blessing that could save him !" " I suppose Mabel is afraid people will think it beneath her dignity to visit a prisoner !" continued Clara bitterly. " It would disgrace her so. She seems to think more of appearance than of the true heart that is breaking in Chelms- ford through her cruel neglect. Her neglect is wearing him out faster than all his other trouble, Nellie !" " I wish he could see her as we do !" returned Nellie, thinking no doubt the wish a most pure and disinterested one. " Well, Susan !" exclaimed Clara, turning as her maid touched her gently on the arm. " I beg pardon Miss Clara, but you did not hear me when I spoke," said the girl timidly. She stood in great awe of her young mistresses's impetuous temper. " I wonder who could hear such a baby- voice as yours in this wind ! What is the matter ?" " A gentleman wants to see Miss Brison. " To see me ? It is my cousin George, I expect, Clara. He is the only gentleman who knows I am here," said Nellie. " Let him come here then. I don't feel inclined to go in just yet. Do you ?" Nellie did not ; and so the maid was dispatched to bring her cousin into the shrubbery. " He is such a shivery mortal ; he will be certain to grumble at this chilly reception." " A chilly mortal indeed !" exclaimed Clara contemptously. " A man who is afraid of such a day as this ought to be wrapped up in flannel and stuck in a chimney corner like an old grand- mother !" " Why, Clara, see ! That is'nt. George !" exclaimed Nellie in a whisper, as Susan returned down the path with a stranger. " Whoever can he be ?" In a few seconds the stranger stood before them. He bowed, " Pardon my intrusion, Miss Brison !" he said ad- dressing Nellie. " I called at your house, and your father referred me here. My name is Frank Seymour. I am engaged in collecting evidence for the defemce of your friend Mr. Harry Fenon, Before Nellie could reply, Clara burst forth with, " Then you are the gentle- man I heard papa speak of ! Do you really think you can save him ?" " I cannot say yet, Miss Fenton ! I hope----" " O, I'm not Miss Fenton : I'm only Clara--a very unimportant individual indeed ! You hope----" " I hope, Miss Clara, that I shall succeed : but a great deal will depend upon Miss Brison," he replied. " Upon me !"asked Nellie, in unfeigned surprise. " I think you are the young lady I overheard the other day in Chelmsford say you would make any sacrifice for the prisoner Harry Fenton !" " I would most certainly suffer any sacrifice that could benefit him, sir ; but I do not know where you could have heard me say so," she answered, more and more puzzled. " Mr. Fenton is supposed to have shot Bradlaw through jealously for you," pursued Frank, passing in silence the latter part of her answer. "It is false ! he----" commenced Clara, before Nellie could speak. " Yes. Yes ?" interrupted Frank impatiently, " we all know he is innocent, but the evidence against him has to be met and disproved or accounted for. Now, Miss Brison, the first step is to prove the imputed motive false ; and that you must do." " Me, sir? How !" asked Nellie eagerly. " By telling the judge that you loved Harry and that he did not return your love, that he loved Mabel Wilton and not you." Frank spoke Mabel's name so reluctantly that Clara noticed it, and drew certain conclusions. " What ! I stand up before all the people in the court and confess myself weak enough to love a man who cares nothing for me ! Oh, I couldn't ! I couldn't l would rather die than do it !" Nellie's courage began to ebb very fast, and she had to cling to Clara for support. " Your dying, Miss Brison could not affect his case in any way. Your saying these few words might save his life," urged Frank. " I cannot ! Oh, I cannot ! What will people think of me to give my love away unsought ! Oh I cannot ! I cannot ! You tell them, Mr. Seymour ! You tell them ?" " Your telling them would have more weight with the jury, Miss Brison. This is a matter of life or death with Harry Fenton remember. If you shrink from this sacrifice your boast was but an empty vaunt ?" Frank replied. " I have a means of compelling you to do so, Miss Brison, but I would prefer your serving Harry of your own free will !" " But it is such a terrihle thing for a girl to stand up in court and confess her love before a crowd of men. And then it will appear in all the newspapers. Oh, I would a thousand times rather save Harry's life by dying for him." " It is useless going into heroics, Miss Brison," Frank replied sternly. He could not understand the terrible torture such a position would be to a woman, and was beginning to feel very angry at what he considered a weak trifling with a grave subject. " Your dying can benefit no one but the undertaker, while doing as I say may save Harry's life. Just look over this document. It will give you all necessary information." He placed a subpœna in her hands. Nellie dashed it upon the ground. " Do you think that law paper necessary, sir," she exclaimed as tears of shame and anger welled to her eyes. " If you could understand a woman's nature, you would know that what you wish me to do is the greatest sacrifice a woman could make ; but you would know also that after the first terror wore off no true woman would died compulsion to induce her to do her duty. Of course I will go ; but I hope shall not live to leave the court again ; for I shall never dare to hold my head after the world knows I love the man who cares nothing for me." Clara here embraced her friend with a most demonstrative hug, exclaiming as she did so, " I knew you would after all, Nellie ! I knew you would ! It will be awfully disagreeable no doubt ; but what is that to Harry's safety, you darling ! you heroine ! Harry will perhaps owe his life to you. That ought to make you wild with delight, if you love him as a woman should love !" Nellie did not reply. It would take time to reconcile herself to the situation. Though she would go through the terrible ordeal bravely enough when the hour came, she felt confused and frightened now ; and she longed to be by herself for a little while, that she might think over what was expected of her. " I am going to Dunmow, Miss Clara, to find a man named Hugh Fletcher. Perhaps one of your grooms or stable- men may know him. He was groom to Captain Powell of----Broadhurst at one time." " I will send for Porter, Mr. Seymour. He knows everybody replied Clara eagerly. " Has this man any evidence to help Harry ?" " I think so. I must trouble you to lend me a horse, as I want to ride on to Chelmsford afterwards, Miss Clara. I have to go too far to day on this business to be able to walk. If you send your groom with me, he can direct me to this man Fletcher, and in the evening bring the horse back " Clara beckoned to her maid, who had been waiting out of hearing in case her capricious mistress might require her, and sent her to order Porter to have horses at the door as soon as possible. " Will you stay to luncheon, sir? or would you piefer starting to look for this man at once," she next asked, anxious that Mr Seymour should lose no time in the search. " I will press on, Miss Clara, thank you," he replied. "Be careful to tell no one but Mr. Fenton of this. Harry must not know ; or he will refuse to allow Miss Brison to endure the pain of confessing the truth however necessary it may be for his safety. Good morn- ing, ladies ! I will walk round and meet the groom at the front," and bowing Frank turned to go. " O, Mr, Seymour, do you really believe that Nellie's doing what you say will save Harry ?" asked Clara. " I have every reason to hope so, Miss Clara ; but we must not be too sanguine," he answered. " It is in God's hands." He shuddered as he uttered the sacred name ; for he re- collected that God had witnessed the transaction from the beginning, from that terrible evening when he first vowed to take a deadly vengeance upon his unhappy rival until now. Clara sighed and said, " What, if after all it is not !" then noticing Nellie's start of horror she changed the subject by asking, " Are you any relation to the Polly Seymour Fanny writes to ? She has a brother Frank." " Yes, Miss Clara ; she is my sister. She is very ill ; and the doctor's say she will never get better," he answered sadly. " Indeed ! Oh I am so very sorry ! What is the matter with her ?" Frank could not stand there and talk of his dying sister : his voice trembled as he answered briefly, " Consumption !" and before Clara could frame another question he had walked hurriedly away. For some seconds the two girls stood silent, Clara watching Frank's retreating figure, and Nellie shoving the pebbles on the path aimlessly about with her foot, and thinking. " What, Nellie, crying ?" exclaimed Clara looking round and seeing heavy tears trickling down her friends cheeks. " You ought to be glad and proud of having the opportunity of showing Harry the difference between a true woman's love, and the passing fancy of such a false, fickle girl as Mabel !" " I am, Clara ! I am! But let us go inside : my head is quite on the whirl !" sobbed Nellie hysterically. Clara turned with her friend towards the house. " Well," she thought, as they walked silently back, " I really believe if Polly's brother saves Harry I will fall in love with him although his hair is pretty well grey already. But I must hurry in, and,--no, I will tell papa first." Frank rode in silence till he reached the scene of that fatal accident that had taken one life, and bade fair to take another. He involuntary drew rein, and glanced nervously round at the too- well remembered spot. " By George, sir, but the dead body lying in the middle o' the the road did give the horses a jolly start, when me and Mr. Harry and Captain Beaumont found it in the moonlight looking more like a ghost or a bundle o' old rags than a feller christian !" Frank drove his spurs into his horses flanks, and galloped on without replying to the garrulous groom. That scene, sleeping or waking, had never left his thoughts since the moment the Re- cording Angel made that black entry against him. Many and many a sight had he spraag up in his bed in horror as that fatal shot echoed in his ears, and his victim fell weltering in his blood. He fled from the accursed spot, as he once fled before, carrying remorse and despair in his bursting heart. As he approached Fenwick Park he reined in and rode slower ; and another bitter re- membrance rose on his heated brain. The last time he was in that park she said, looking upon his hated rival with eyes of truth and love. " I will never marry any one but you ?" words that had driven him to the madness that had cost poor Bradlaw his life? "And I must see her now ? No, no ? I dare not ? One glance at her heavenly face and he should be left to his fate ? I will see her father for both." He rode up to the House, and dismounting, threw the reins to the groom. The squire was at home, and received him in the library with stiff courtesy. He sat at his desk writing letters and looked harassed and care- worn. " My business, sir," began Frank, taking the chair he was motioned to, " Is in reference to your neighbour young Mr. Fenton, who is now in Chelmsford jail." " For committing a dastardly mur- der," said Mr. Wilton finishing the sentence. " Say rather charged with committing it, Mr. Wilton ? Is it not un-English to anticipate a verdict." The old gentleman bit his lip in vexation at the well merited rebuke ; and Frank continued, " Jealousy is the motive imputed for the commission of the crime with which he is charged. You can assist in removing it." " Me ?" Mr. Wilton exclaimed in consternation, rising from his chair, " Me ? What other absurdity have you to propose next ?" To be Continued. 