ITALY, THE HOLY FATHER ON IKEL/LHD. An occasional correspondent or the Free man gives tho following report of tho sp&ech; addressed by Piuo IX. to the pilgrimo from Canada and from Munster on the 13fch June :-»The Holy Father began by thanking tho Irish Canadians who had crossed tho broad Atlantic far the purpose of giving expression to then1 joy and congratulations on tho occasion of tin jubilee. Sorrow and anxiety had oppressed him upon learning of tho accident that had occurred to them on their voyage to Europe, but these feelings were converted into gladness and thanks- ' giving on hearing of thbir safe arrival, and beholding them this Hay before him. Then turning to the land, if not of their birth, at least of their fathero, he would speak of Ire land. She had, indeed, manifested her lovo for and fidelity to tho Seo of Pol,or in the moving vrords ho l-ad just hoard from one of her chosen sons. Ye.s, Ireland has tho faith of Jesus Christ in a manner peculiar to her» self alone. Fourteen hundred years ago sho received it with joy and eagf r k 3 =, and to- day it is the same, purs and uncorrupled as then, notwithstanding tho terrible ordeal of persecution through which she had to pass. Ireland has thus nobly preserved the Catholic faith, because of the union and concord that always, and particularly in the time of persecution, bound inseparably together tho Irish hierarchy. The bishops of Ireland have always stood most firm and faithful to this, tho See of Peter, and have always maintained and defended its rights aga nst all enemies at tho loss of everything tho world holds most dear— even life itself] In like manner the Irish people were always so united to their episcopate that nothing in this world could sever them asunder. Hence- : - lias Ireland kept her most precious deposit — union conquers everything. ' See, then, beloved children,' continued his Holiness, ' what union can effect. In fact, you your* ; selves bear ample testimony to day to its wonderful power. You are assembled here i* to day from various parts of the world to ' receive from St. Puter a few salutary words, '; for, be certain, dearly beloved, that Petf.v is ' speaking to you now through the lips of this his most un worthy suevjes-or and servant. See, then, I repeat again, beloved children, what union and '©?e caa do==fchey eonatifcuto tho centre ot all human happiness in this__ vale of terra and ' aftTc tion. Jjat us then bless Gol, who, ' in His infinite mercy, unites ui all to day by the sweet and pleasing bonds of faith. .?'??'? As I said on other occasions, (he lion, the ox, the eagle, and the man are united together, :: : which four characters signify the G-Jspel of Jesus Christ. The m^ans, however, beloved children, of this union which known no ob stacle are one faith, one holy Catholic reli gion, and one only God. O, happy you, if you always remain firm and (rue to the Church of Je^us Christ — tho Holy Catholic Church. Y.u may be sure of always enjoying ibis truly supernatural union. And to this end I now impart to you, from the bottom of my heart, the Apostolic Benedic tion. I. bless you in the body, that you may ' : ? always Have health and strength to bleas and. '' praise Almighty God ; I bless you in the soul, that your thoughts ma'/ be always directed to and worthy of Him— tho Greti Creator of all things ; finally, I bless you in time, that you may bless and glorify God when it is His holy v/ill to call you out of this world of suffering, misery, and tribula* tion, to enjoy the happiness, joys, and delights of eternal life. The blessing of the Omnipotent God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, descend upon you and remain v/ith you for ever. — Amen.' A BEBUEI!. It appears that the French Legitimists applied to tho Pope requesting him to issue instructions to the priesthood of France to assist tho new Ministry in tho forthcoming elections, and it appears that his Holiness very distinctively refused their rnodegfc request. This is something for the Church and every true follower of it (0 be proud of. The fact that hia Holiness here and now holds himself apart from (he intrigues of secular politicians commands the respect of thoughtful men everywhere, and indicates ? something very like a rebuke fco those prelates and priests who stop so outside of their sphere at political elections. Piui IX. ' has reached the advanced ago when intellec tual perception is blunted ; and yot in this ? ;'? he shows a, just perception not only of what belongs to his sacred office, but aloo of the ' y true interests of tho Church. 7 ?'-?? 