' THE LiiHB QUESTION AND THE MIHISTRY. Those members of the present Ministry who have felt themselves entitled to speak upon the Land Question have been forced to admit its peculiar im portance at the present time and the urgency of immediate reform Unfortu nately tho people of the colony wanted no intimation upon this particular point ; and unfortunately they have not been particu larly favoured upon points about which th&y; are equally impressed, and about ~ri-;n'u fci-inw lnnir in vf-.in for an eciuallv \y uxijll uxiwv x\jyj--^ *?'-* » wvifci. — — - ? — jl ? ^ decisive Ministerial opinion. The Ministry have given expression to no other opinion on the subject than that tho present land Bystem is ' defective,' and that a change, a change of some sort or other, is of press ing necessity. Strong convictions are said to express themselves strongly ; but apparently the only thing in connection with their responsibilities in regard to the public lands upon v/hich the Ministry have a strong conviction is, that ' a satis factory settlement of the Land ^Question ' is urgent and important ! It may be news to the Ministry that this is no news to the general public, but at all events we are plad they have committed themselves to even this rather abstract statement of one specific fact. If c Ministry ba unable or unwilling, under these circumstances, and after this admission, to deal with this great public question, it ic well that it should bs condemned out of its own mouth, ? Wo can only judge of the competency of the present Ministry to deal with the Land Question, and of their disposition upon the subject, by the past career of its individual members. Now what are the political antecedents, in regard to this question, of Mr. Parkes and his colleagues % Without any approach either to egotism or exaggeration, we may publicly claim that ike^Freoma'ii's JovmoJ has interested itself in the ' satisfactory settlement' of the Land Question more deeply and more prominently than the whole of the present Ministry put together. Where were the members of this Ministry when, in 1870, o 'reform' of the Act of 1861 was proposed in favour of giving the squatters a pre eruptive right of purchase to their citations ?— a proposal which the; country and Parliament sup ported uc in characterizing as simply ' infamous ' Mr. Parkes raised no voice then in support of the rights of the people against the confiscation of the people's lands. He knew nothing of the question then, he knew nothing of it in 1861, and he really knows nothing about it now. At all events, if he does know anything about it, he has shown very recently, as he has shown always, that he cared nothing. Since the days of Governor Gipps down to the present time, the Land Question has been the groat question of questions, because a constant struggle for ascendancy has pre vailed between the squatters and the people, and every politician, and indeed every newspaper wmen. nas oeen on uie Bide ot the people, has been, as a cense ; quence, pitted against the squatter faction. Now let it be understood that Mr. Parkes is our only leading politician of long standing who has never interested him self, not merely in the 'satisfactory settle ment' of the Land Question, but who has shown no intelligont interest at all in the snbject. For at least thirty years he has been a popular agitator, yet upon this particular question he has been all along so consciously iguorant of its bearings, he has ?been so incapable of being 'coached' ' . ' into the remotest knowledge of the claims ... of the people to the public lands, that even -??in Parliament he has heon obliged to t! give silent votss upon the subject. ?? . ' Yet Mr. Parkea, who has bsen. dumb all hit) life upon this deeply agitated ] ' ?? and still unsettled question, now assumes to ' himself the right oi speaking as its authori . ' . tative exponent for his whole party. The '??- Premier evidently aspires to eclipse the bucolic fame, of the new Oincinnatus, in n his own department, who has come to j dictate our Public Land Policy, not from I the plough furrow, but the police , court. He evidently thinks^ and we quite j agree with him5 that limited as iajhis own j knowledge, he himselfknows more about the | Land Question than his chosen Minister I for Lands. Indeed, if it were not that Mr. | Suttor is a member of the Ministry, one might vainly conjecture, as all the other members are even more ignorant upon the subject of the Land Question than Mr. Parkes himself and have equally shown a life-long indifference to it — were it not for tho fact of having a colleague with heredi tary instincts about the proper disposal of the public lands, we might vainly conjec ture, we say, by what sudden flash of inspiration the Premier's mind became enlightened. Otherwise we should be for ever at a loss to know how Mr. Parkes mysteriously received understanding on the subject, and learned in a moment the language of an unknown tongue — a thing almost as miraculous, considering his antecedents, as if, not merely under standing, but all the other gifts of the I Holy Ghost had descended upon the new Ministry. I But what would it signify if not alone Mr. Parkes, but the whole of his Ministry had in. come mysterious way become authoritative expositors of the Land Question ? What would this signify more than that they began to feel a newborn interest in its ' satisfactory settlement' only v/hen they saw that there was political capital so be made out ot it I Unfortunately for them, the record of the silent votes alluded to above, votes very recently recorded too, remain as evidence of their disposition on the subject — votes so bitterly houile to them that we feel sure the people of the country will not now pass them over unresented. 'We have only to turn to the the divisions on the Amended Land Act of 1875 to find that all the leading members of the present administra tion were in alliance with the squatters in the Assembly on every, amendment pro posed in the interests of that faction. Indeed, one of their number, Mr. Pidding ton, out-Toried the pastoral Tories by tabling a raocion to the etteefc tnac in, tne event of any defalcation on, the part of a selector in the payments of his yearly instalments of purchase money . ' all pay ments made on account of such purchase money shall bo forfeited !'' ISTeed we tell the selectora of the country what a general confiscation of their properties would periodically ensue in bad times if the present Colonial Treasurer had had his way ? Fortunately he was left even by the squatters to pillory himself on this occasion in a minority of one. jKTot go, however, in regard to another amendment of his, by which the age of minors was to ba raised from sixteen to eighteen years of age — an amendment which was manifestly directed against the most numerous class in the country, the iree- selectors and their families. Yet though the Minister for Lands' explained that this was unreason ably limiting rights already enjoyed by tens of thousands of persons, four members of the present Ministry (Messrs. Parkes, Hoskins, F. Suttor, and Pidding ton) were found voting for this amend ment — silently voting for it, patently and bitterly illiberal as was its intention. I Again we find Messrs. Parkes, Lloyd, ana jriuuingiou voaug wim uvo squtioiers, in a minority of eight, against the repre sentations oi Mr. Garrett and a crushing majority of the Assembly, to enforce the heaviest payments on free selectors v/hen, as was pointed out, ' they were least able to pay5' ! Here we have the leading members of the present Ministry identifying themselves with an most illiberal members of the squatter faction, in division after division in the ineffectual struggle, to curtail the privileges of the people. These silent,. votes amply illustrate the illiberal disposi- ;! tion which dictated them. But the worst' has yefc to be told. Our readers will Gcnrcely believe that no later than the 13th of May, 1875, after 'a full discussion, Messrs. Parkes, Iloskins, Lloyd, and j Piddington gave silent votes, not merely in favour of the continuance of the auction system, not merely in favour of practically securing the squatters from competition, in the auction rooms, but in favour of se curing them from encroachments of freo gelectors from the date of the ad vertising of the lands to be brought to auction until after the day of sale ! Our readers know how disastrous to the people of the country have been, the effects of the auction system, even trader present restrictions. They know hov? unscrupulously the squatters have availed themselves of the system, and hov/ general has been the out cry against the wholesale robbery that it has sanctioned. Let them, if they can, imagine what the consequences would have been if in this instance the silent, the dis honeat votes of the leading members of the present Ministry, recorded in the squatting interests, had prevailed over the claims of the public interests and the public rights. When we next hear of a ' satisfactory settlement1' of the Land Question, let us not forget who they are who joined in. an unholy political alliance with the squatters in this infamous attempt to plunder the people of their lands. 