THEATRE ROYAL. BENEFIT OF MR." CHARLES POPE. The substantial evidence afforded on Saturday evening of the popularity achieved here by Mr. Charles Pope must be exceedingly gratifying to that gentleman, more especially when it is taken into account that the theatre- going portion of the community have laid down an almost inexorable rule not to patronise Saturday night performances, however attractive a bill may be issued. We were glad to find that a departure was made from this habit, and that Mr. Pope's farewell performance was witnessed by a brilliant array in the circle, as well as a crowded floor and gallery. The performances commenced with Shakespeare's thrilling tragedy of Macbeth. Mr. Pope eclipsed all his previous efforts in his impersonation of the title rule ; his soliloquies were fine oratorical displays ; his facial expression exceedingly impressive and his irresolution and vacillation in accord with Shakespeare's interpretation, while the remorse " Macbeth'' experienced after the commission of his crime, and the defiant attitude he assumed when " Macduff " announced himself as the not horn of Woman he was taught by the witches to dread, Were grand exhibitions of the versatile talents of the actor. As " Macduff " Mr. Ireland was not so spirited in his acting as we have been accustomed to see him, and he appeared to do his part scant justice when he and Mr. Pope were together upon the stage. We regret that this was the case, inasmuch as Mr. Ireland has become a general favourite by the animation, refinement, and excellent elocution-aided hythe melodiously powerful voice he possesses which generally characterise his acting. Although labouring under slight physical disadvantages Miss Nellie Maher succeeded in sinking her individuality, and assumed the character of " Lady Macbeth." Her delineation of the passionately- imperious and cruelly-ambitious virago were never lost sight of, while the scorn with which she met what she regarded as the cowardice of her husband was a masterpiece of acting. Hor impetuosity, however, in some of the brilliant elocutionary displays which belonged to the character caused her enunciation to be somewhat indistinct ; although this loss was compensated for by her interpretative countenance and action. With regard to the other performers we shall content ourselves by stating that they acquitted themselves creditably. Some of the most effective scenes were that in which " Macbeth", after a great mental struggle, assents to his wife's proposal to murder " Duncan ;" and the one immediately succeeding the commission of the crime and wherein "'Lady Macbeth" fails to induce her husband to transfer the traces of his guilt to innocent hands ; as well as the scene in which there is an alarm at the gate, succeeded by Lady Macbeth" forcing her husband into his chamber. We must not omit to mention, too, the painfully realistic representation of the demented Queen, which was given by Miss Maher, as well as the unrivalled acting of Mr. Pope when he confronted the ghost in the banquotingscene, which, however, would have been more effective had the banqueting accessories been of more regal a character. The articles which did duty as wine cups and tankards, presented a sorry contrast to the magnificence of the costumes worn by Macbeth and the Queen. At the conclusion of the second act there were clamorous calls for Messrs. Pope and Ireland, and those gentlemen appeared before the curtain separately,' and received free bestowal of floral favours. At the termination of the tragedy, Mr. Pope appeared in response to an enthusiastic call, and when the applause had subsided, said that after the many words he had spoken and fatigue endured by him that evening they would not expect him to deliver anything like a set speech. He felt, however, that it would be churlish indeed on his part if he could go away from them without thanking the n, as he did thank them ; when on a Saturday night, which was here known as a very bad night, he saw so large an assemblage as that before him he must say he felt highly honoured. It would not be necessary for him to make a long speech, for whatever words he might coin he would say that he thanked them, and he could say no more. (Applause.) They had certainly treated him with the utmost kindness, and he went away with exceeding regret, and hoping that the time was not far distant when he might return and appear upon those boards again. (Hear, hear.) Till then he desired with all sincerity to say that he thanked them. (Great applause.) There were also imperative calls for Mr. Ireland, who very briefly returned thanks for the reception accorded him. He trusted ere long to again appear before them, and wished them a kind farewell. At a later stage of the performance Mr. Pope again appeared before the footlights and said that he had omitted to thank his friends, Dr. Silvester, his lady and son, and Mr. Herndon, who had kindly volunteered their services that evening. He wished to say another word for his excellent friends, Captain Scott- Siddons, whom he had known for some considerable time, and Mrs. Scott Siddons, who was an admirable actress, and, what was far better, a most worthy and estimable lady. He hoped they would extend to her their patronage is as large numbers as the attendance that night, and even larger. He concluded by bidding them farewell. A song styled "The Wood Nymph's Call" having been given in Madame Sifvostor's usual effective manner, and received an encore, Mr. Chas. Silvester secured a recall for an artistic performance on the corner of "The Blue Bells of Scotland," with variations, when he played the popular American air "Yankee Doodle." This was succeeded by Dr. Silvester's performance of the mysterious bird- cage feat, and the evening's entertainment concluded with the ludicrous drama of Old Solon Shingle, in which the title role that of a quaint American teamster-was admirably sustained by Mr. T. J. Herndon. We cannot conclude this notice without referring to the annoyance experienced owing to the noise occasioned by persons going up and down the gallery stairs during the performance, as well as the misconduct of some of the " gods." We would suggest to the management of the theatre, the advisability of adopting some method whereby patrons may be spared the annoyance occasioned by person's going up and down the staircase leading to the gallery during the progress of plays, as well as laying down some cocoa-nut matting or some similar material in order to (deaden the ' sound caused by persons entering and leaving the dress circle while the curtain is up, 