POLICE. OITY, (Before Mr Call, P.M., and a Bench of Magistrates.) PICTORIAL. A quiet looking man, named William Crawley, had a lively time of it yesterday. Ho was carrying u framed piotnre down street, when he. . disliking the engraving, put his head through the glaBS, and framed his own nead, in tho opera-, tion Billy cnt off the tip of. his nose with tho glnss, II firing lost a portion of his beak, and about seven or eight quarts of blood, his appearance is improved. He was taken to tho hospital, where bis nose wns attended to. Mr Orawlcy then attended to tho doctor and Constable Tratt, both of whom he turned into a bark mill, atany rate ho had a mill with Miera, and barked their noses. The whole of this fun only cost him 12s Cd, Dead cheap. PLAYFUL. Thomas O'B'ieu is a playful gentleman. A Mr Joe Harrison, a baker, left his horso outside tho Loudon : Hotel yesterday after noon. On coming out of tho hotel, the owner of tho animal found O'Brien engaged in that piece of cruelty known ns gingering tho animal, but instead of using ginger, cayonne pepper was the spice employed by the prisoner. The horse was placed in snob excruciating pain that, being a spirited one, it galloped away, to tbe danger of tho citizens. The prisonor was vory properly fined £3, together with -10s costs, or in default, one month's imprisonment. A GHOST- Constable Cnrrignn is a plucky man. He is afraid of noither the living not the dead, man nor devil. He wns passing by the old ceme tery at tbe witching hour of night, when churohynrds yawn and graves give up their ghosts, when ho beheld — Oh I horror I a tail figure coming townrds bira enwrnpped in a snowy whito table cloth, or bod sheot, or tablo napkin, or pocket handkerchief, or finger rag, or sumething olse, or nothing. Carrigan was not a bit frightened, bat the ghost was. Ho had eone to tho comotury a few days before his time. He proved to bo old Dick Edwards, who states that he has been in Australia for 50 years. He hns no home, so wns brought up under tbe Vug. He wasremanded in order to get bim in the Benevolent Asylum, ACTION OR AXE SHUN. Mr Ah Cooy came up again on remand, with reference to tho ownership of nn axe which was found in Mr Oooy's possession. Mr Fook Bing, celcBtinl detective, told tho Bcnah that be could uoc get within ooaey of tho owner of the uxc, ' Tho question then arose sb to whether tho police were not liable to an aotiou for false imprisonment. It was thought, however, that Mr Cooy would, shun both the axe and the action. Mr Call discharged the prisoner aud advised him to do hotter next lime. 