? THE VETEEANS OF THE GRAND ARMY MEETING NAPOKON'S ABHES KEOM HELENA. Sr. (REOM THBOPHIH5 QATJTIF.N.) BORID, and thus foroed out of my room, Along (.lie Boulevard I passed, Around me bung December's gloom, The wind *u cold, the showers drove fust Then straight I saw (how strange the Bight!) Esoaped from their grim dwelling- place, Trampling through mud in sorry plight, Ghosts at mid-day, ghosts face to face. Night is tho time when shades have power, Whilst German moonfight silvers all, Within some old and factoring tower, To flit aoross the pillared hall. 'Tis night when fairies from tho floods In dripping robes rise like a breath, Then drag beneath their lily buds Some boy whom thoy have danced to death. 'Twas night, if Zedlitz singeth true, When (lialf-eeen shade) the Emperor Marshalled in line, for that reviow, The shades of Austerlitz once more. But speotres in tho public street, Searce from the playhouse paces two, Veiled nor by mist, nor winding-sheet, Who stand there wearied and wet through. Well may we wonder as wo gaze; Three grumbling phantoms hover dim, In uniform of other days, Ono ex-guard, two hussars with him, Not these the slain, who, though they die, Still hear through earth Napoleon's drum ; But veterans of a time gone by Waked up to see his relics como. Who, sinoe that last, that fatal fight, Havo grown, or fat, or lean and grim ; Whose uniforms, unless too tight, Float wide around each wasted limb. Oh, noble rags, still like a star To you the Cross of Honour clings, Sublimely ludicrous, ye are Grander than purplo worn by kings ! A' nerveless plume, as if with fear, Trembles above tho bearskin frayed ; Moth-fretted the pelisse is, near Those holes by hostile bullets made; The leathern overalls, too large, Round the shrunk thigh in wrinkles fall, And rusty sabres, wearying charge, Drag on the ground, or beat the wall. The next one is grotesque, with chest Stretching a coat too small by half; But for the stripes that deck his breast, At the old war-wolf wo might laugh. My brothers, mock them not too much; Rather salute, with heads low b«nt, These heroes of an Iliad, such As Homer never could invent. Greet each bald head with reverence due, For on brows, bronzed by many a clime, A lengthening scar oft reddens through The linos that have been dug by time.- Their skins, by a strange blackness, tell Of Egypt's heat and blinding light; Russia's snow powder, as it fell, Has kept those thin locks ever white. Their hands may tremble; yes, still keen The cold of Beresina bites; They limp, for long tho march between Cairo and Wilna'e frozen heights. They droop, bent double, since in war No sheets but flags for sleep had they; The helpless sleeve may flutter, for A round shot tore the arm away. Laugh not, though round them leaps and jeers The howling street boy with delight; Tkey were the day of those proud years— The evening we—perchance the night. They recollect, if we forget, Lancers in red, ex-guard in blup, And worship, at his column met, The only God they ever knew. Proud of the pains endured so long, Grateful for miseries nobly borne— They feel the heart of France beat strong Under that clothing soiled and worn. Oar tears then check the smile that played, To see this strange pomp on its way— The Empire's ghostly masquerade— Dim as a ball when dawns the day. Through skies which yet her splendour* fill, ' The Eagle of our armies old, From depths of glory, burning still, Spreads over them her wings of gold. 