ODD NOTES BY BOHEMIAN IN THE WEEK. A little more philosophy, and cool, hard common sense, brought to the. consideration of everyday matters, would not be wasted on most people. As a matter of *fact, there is too much false sentiment, and ""gush," and Brummagem sympathy passing current about many things. A paragraph is going the rounds 'of the papers just now about a little nephew and neice of the late Charles Dickens, who ai*e only kept from the workhouse at Amboy, Illinois, by a poor old couple who have found the children a home since their mother died. Nearly everybody who reads this paragraph gushes over it and says, " What a pity.! wiiat a shame ! . that the poor children of such an uncle should be allowed to- be fed, lodged, and clothed by the charity of strangers." Yet the same paragraph goes on to state, what was tolerably well known before in fact, that their late father was a drunken,' unprincipled scoundrel, who deserted his wife in England when she lost her eyesight, and eloped with a school girl to America. As he was the brother of the rpvsat. no" ■1:~* \:7rever, interest was brought to -bear, <ond a good billet was found for him in the Laiid Department of the Illinois Central Railroad. But he spent his money as fast as he got it,"sponged on his brother and everybody else within reach, got discharged from his billet for misconduct, and at length deserted his second wife and the two children above referred to. ~ He spunged his way through the States, and to Australia here, his brother's great reputation being his only capital: but it was sufficient: it procured him free quarters in every town and township -he visited ; pound notes, half-sovereigns, half-crowns, and unlimited drinks at bush public-houses—for the poorest bushinan knows and appreciates Charles Dickens. This Augustus Dickens was at Brisbane here for a few days twelve or thirteen years ago, I remember, a bloated, shabby, dirty, loafer. He died a pauper and an outcast—as he was bound to be, in spite of fate and all the help of all the people in the world. The poor victim whom he seduced and took to America with him, lived in utter misery for a number of years, and at last poisoned herself, and her two children have been with this old couple at Amboy, Illinois, ever since. The "pity <""3—ihe_ " shame " of the whole mamrer is that such aurarr-^oald find people foolish enough to show him kindnesSTor which he was unworthy—simply because his brother was a great genius. It is the best thing that could happen to the two children at Amboy, Illinois, that tiiey are no longer under the blighting influence of such a father; and it will be the worst thing that could happen to them if they are deluded into the idea that because their ancle was a great and gifted man, therefore they have a claim on the reading public of the whole world, and ought not to be compelled to earn their own lining by hard, honest work. The sooner we laarn to call things by their right names the fetter. That is my opinion at all ovonfo It is a pity that the late Augustus Dickens was not born and bred in Scotland. He would have acquired more strictly moral principles there, or I jim much mistaken. I don't mean to assert, mi-nfl you, that all Scotchmen are strictly moral—but they are the least liable to be im posed upor of any race of men I know. When they are victimised it is because they cannot help it. There are exceptions of course, but I am speaking generally. A beautiful illustration of the truth of this was afforded me only a few days ago. It appears that a Presbyterian minis ter in a neighbouring town was so ill supports-! by his congregation that he was obliged to resign. He had borrowed £30 from a member of that congregation, which he had-not the ghost of a chance of repaying. That member suggested to the other members the .propriety. of getting up-a money testimonial to the retiring-minister and presenting it to him as a parting gift. The thing was agreed to, and the gentleman who suggested it was made! treasurer of the fund. When the, subscriptions were all in, they amounted to thirty pounds two shillings and sixpence. The treasurer of the fund went and bought anew purse, for which he paid two shillings, got six pennyworth of new bronze coin, which he put into the purse along with a receipt for the thirty pounds borrowed money, and then formed one of a deputation to the minister, to present him with the purse of money and a very flattering address. The miaiater was a 1"'"vn for> yjy* therefore it is scar-oeiy ufifitsasUry i'i ;iy that he appreciated th" stn-n >l)ity and u. naa^aoiion, and was quite overcome by the delicacy, tact, and discretion with whieh the thing was carried out from first to last. I have no doubt that minister left his late charge with a light heart and a clear conscience, j He was out of debt, and -under no obligation to- any one except for their kindness in relieving him of. his burden. Now that way of helping a man will never demoralise him. On the contrary, it will teach him lessons of self reliance and self-respect, which he is never likely to forget. I should like to see more of the testi monial business carried out in that way. 