ý,: i,. "GAMBLI\G. To th E`Flitoof:the VWarrnamibool Standard. SnI4: A ?iter: referring to Melbourne Chineseotteries said the only persons who did noti'disk their money in them, though nearly ?.e~e'ciasis from bank 'clerks, mer chantsandclltgmen, was represented, were book-m?-k "; who detected at a' glance that Zl wjfintaking~dousbles iuc ind ppen=; dent aof itio birefaced :trickery -and secret, chicanery introduced on the turf, it.would open the eyes of many to know the mathe. matical oddsin favour of the lnckly book; maker., . IJn ZJ ig ,yneens with a pair of dice,-or in th. different'.positions, say, seven horses could be lc inia race, the amie principle will milly, demonstrate the actual oddsoii layinugdobles. . With i pair. ofidice there are 361 possible throws, and 6" f;thse' give 7 asthi total-' thus the ihaneef'throwin "7"' 9 times rnuin is arithmetically obtained by !intil tiplying 6 into itself 9 times, and fair betting would be £10,077,G9o5to £1 ,orabout £40,000 to a farthing;that; the sevens ,would not.be thrown ,9 imes successively. . And the dif ferentfpositio ni. homes could he placed is obtai iby~ad'u tiplyin cach 'umbcr--1 to 7 -int;itself.?,Tlius giving no less than 5,040 actual.diffient.:ays in which even 7 horses could,. iePiodi.paS g"' the- winning: post. When doubl.es are tackled thec'alculation be comet a nn ri -g " Ec o iontaount aire annuilly lost -in the rersili.T.fie gambler throws money away sihpl.iyj. ecause he has lnot mathemati caly'slh{etatedlite unfair odds agiinst him. Unii sobine .more equitabe sysitem is adopte in thel Btting world I would strongly advise 1P ry;one-not a bookmaker-to treat such peulative allurements as my namesake sculptured trhe ghosts encountered by Ulysses in IHadea-wilth concealed averted faces; and, in a moral point of view, to take up the face t;oas. grammar of the immortal London Pur et, better, best be left alone. Yours truly, Jobs FI..sxAe. WVarrnambool, Sept. 1i, 1S77. A Turkish ironclad has been attacked by Russian torpedo boats, at Sulina, without sustaining, however, any damage, two of the boats having sunk, and three exploded harm lessly. 