NOTES BY OUR OWN GRUMBLERS If we were in a very grumbling mood, as half dessicated as most of us nro by those abominable westerly winds, and rasped-with the dust they drive .between our teeth , and between our clothes and our skin, we might well be, wo might enter a mild, protest against the designations given to, and tho treatment recoiveaby some of our Volunteer Corps. There are the "Rifle Rangers" for instance; what 6ort ot troop will that be ? One reads Captain Mayne Reade and that charming French author- never: to be forgotten, and whose name wo do not, therefore, remember, and our idea of ;a ranger is of a species of centaur, only with bipedal as well as quadru pedal legs clad in habiliments of striking and gorgeous colours, hatted and plumed, rifled andsabred, revolvcred and bowie-knived, career ing round and round the plains; flying oyer the ranges; carrying i orror before,. and, like this detestable west wind, leaving clouds of dust' to settle' behind. We can hardly fancy the keen, quiet looking captain of the new corps figuring in such rag-fair hcadlongisra; hut then, why Ranger? What are the pro prieties.- Let us be discoursed thereen. - And much worse is it of our friend Kew man's Engineer Corps. What has been, dono to teach them the slightest possible portion of military engineer's work ? Has any .one been selected, by, say the judge par-excellenco of rifles, with line and pick and shovel to show them how to throw up an earth-work, to lino an embrasure, to utilise brush wood in defensive temporary fortifications? Have the Govern ment even bought a few copies of one of the cheap Woolwich Manuals from which a be-, nighted yet struggling officer or private could gather some notion of the special duties re quired at his hands.1 More than one of us would swear as iterately as could be desired by Hamlet's father's ghost, that of all the most important portions of an Engineer's qualifi cations, not a member: of the corps has .over heard even the names.- We don't blame them for it; They are1 willing; enough to learn, anxious to he taught; but where*a tho teacher to show them the way ; where's the ground to practice in; where aro the tools to practice with? Why should the young men be made fools of P If once there doeB come a scrimmage for onr men, there are not a few points where the rudest- breast-works would be needed even • ; for : the protection of our gallant-artillery men, - supposing them to have cannon that they dare fire in the face of an enemy without fear of doing less ; harm to him than to themselves. Sir. Wm. j Jervois is an engineer of no common fame. It is to be hoped that the gallant Colonel won't ; put our Engineer Corps through their faciogs,, ; for—and noblame to them—their efficiency; would be, mathematically speaking, a negative quantity—i.e., worse than nowhere. There is one comfort; we were valiant against the phylloxera, and we burned the Count Franceschi's plants—Mr. Staiger, how- | | ever, being unable to discover the existence of | the dreaded enemy. This process appears to ; as to be something very like wanton destruc tion. . Why select this particular ptriod of the year for the "cremation!" Why riot pro ceeed cautiously, and examine a few periodi cally, so that something like a fair judgmont could hare been arrived at P If it be true that | no disease was found to exist, then nothing: more discreditable in the history of importa tion. has been heard of in tbis colony. -• The encouragement to private enterprise will, no doubt, be great. By the bye, what has become of tne Toowoomba specimens of the little pest said to be in active existence,? After all, does any one here really know what the thing is like ? Had not the Acclimatisa tion Society better import a few preserved specimens for comparison and example if they are to set up oa volunteer quarantine respec ters of imported vegetation. Certainly the season is one of discontent, and we seriously contemplate leaving off grumbling ourselves, finding it to be the prevalent fashion. Raring men growl oyer the Turf Club handi capping; farmers growl over tho season; drapers over'the decline,of trade; fishermen over the prescribed sizes of meshes in nets, as set out by Mr. Dickson's new Fisheries Bill; but the oddest grumble of all is that of sorao belated man who wants to know why . the bailiff isn't always in. Some people would wish him always out. Or is that grumbler an: amateur at issuing executions, of does he lack employment in the line? And what kindly spirit placed us all en rapport with Mr. W. H. Walsh, who, when we are in the flesh and visible, shall be. forthwith invited to j rin us as possessing the finest face for a grievance within the ken of mortal man? He has unearthed the expenditure on the Dry Dock. £50,000 voted; £83,000 estimated cost; £18,000 spent. At the present rate of progress, four or five years will go by before that dock becomes of use. Some of us stand a chance of not waiting to see it by that time. But on whom does tho blame of this delay rest? Will anybody tell us? 