BOTTINGS P£0M THfl DESEET. THE DAWSLEY* GHOST. Or-, have jou haaxd the latest news uf how a ghost was seen, \\\y people whom we cannot say Are altogether green. To Dawfiley they had been, it seems, To hear a parson preach ; A«d service done they harried on, Their cosy homes to reaih. 'l'was Sunday night, the moon was young, And cast a silver sheen On all the gum trees in the vales, And o'er the hillocks green. la such, a scene, oh, would that I Could wander on that re ad, .Acknowledge to some charming girl The debt of love I owed. Alas ! I'm old, and now from me Suck, happy scenes ace fled With mem'ries of a lovelib past, Long buiied with the dead. I-ut these good folk that trudged along Were lassies bright and fair, Whose silver laughter rang upon The balmy evening air. And laddies, too, with buoyant[heart. Beside the lassies strode With manly, light, elastic siep, Along that Dawsley road. Old fogies, too, serene and calm. Were walking with the young, Whose blended voices harmonised. And through, the wattles rung. In jocund mood they strolled along, Bereft of every care ; When lo I their merry mood was changed To grim and horrid fear. From out beneath a bridge was beard A deep sepulchral moan. Soon followed by unearthly sounds, And then a horrid groan. ?? Come down,' a ghostly voice called out, ' Come down at once, I say ;' But rooted to the spot they stood, Upon the Queen's highway. The ladies all began to scream, As nicely as they could, While all the men with trembling knees. In silent horror stood. Then bounded from that a illied groap, Young brave and stalwart Joe, Declaring by bis lady love, Beneath the bridge he'd go. Like hero true he plunged below, That bridge so drear and dark, Declaring he wonld catch the ghost. And prove the thing a lark. He soon returned, and said he saw A figure white and iall Quick vanish through a wooden fence Through panels, post and alL He said he thought it was no ghost, But some ' owdacious ' fellow Whom he would like to pommel well, Until he'd roar and bellow. The ladies all admired Joe, And gave him each her blessing, Each wishing he'd got the chance To give the wretch a dressing. So let us hope with all our heart, When next he sees a ghost He'll grab him by the heels or neck, In spite of rails or post. I send this yatn with true intent, In hope that you may know In Nairne there dwells and flourishes That brave young miller Joe. 1' Suggestion.-- Aa Sir Jtienry Ayers has isplayed such heroic stubborneas in his oppo ition to the immense majority of tke Upper louse, it is thought that he would be useful 9 the Turks in their present struggle against he .Russians. Please some one give him a, ?ntle hint. As an obstruction he would be ivaluable, and having an impervious hide be v--uld stand any amount of attack. Of course e should mourn the loss of an. individual so . ^.estimable, and to whom the colony at present ires so much as a vigorous supporter of pro ess and liberality; but iu time we may get -,..-er it — who knows P through his affliction on whom to cast bis case, and strength was given him to bear His Cross ; and How, as Mrs. Greystohe drew near, the flash of pleasure on the boy's pale face as her gentle hand strayed caressingly through the maaros of sunBy hair bespoke the leve and sympathy between them. . . ' Wattie, my darling !' and low and soft was the sweet voice as though soothing an infant as the 'mother pressed her lips to the white brow ; * Mother has pleasant news for her boy.' ' ' Oh, mother ! what?' cried Writer eagerly, for the poor lad's little world was so narrow that trifles made up the most of his pleasure. ||In a few words Mrs. Greystone proceeded to tell Walter the news which the letter had bi ou?hlt, reading as she had done to the chil dren Nellie's note ; but Walter was silent, and a cloud overshadowed the fair face and the slight lips quivered; and as Mrs. Greystone wound ' up by aaying pleasantly, ? Don t you think Nellie will be a nice little friend, dear V she was surprised to see tbe deep blue eyes filled with tears. * How now V she eried ; * What, my boy weeping ? What has grieved my pet Y But for a time the hot tears flowed over the pale cheeks, and with his mother's arms wrapped round him Walter wept convulsively on her shonlder. , Mrs. Greystone knew that something un usual must be agitating her highly- rronght sensitive child, so for a time she said nothing:. At last-, in answer to her gentle * What ails my Walter?— tell mother; be sobbed out pleadingly , ?Oh, motHer, don't let her see me, please.* * Not see you ; why, darling ?' * Because, eh becauee I am so mnch unlike the others. I could not bear it ;* and Walter cried afreeh, for deeply in that sensitive child's breast did the knowledge of bis affliction rimble, though he stroved te bear it as well as he could. Loner and tenderly did Mrs. Grpyetone strive to soothe and pacify him, promising him that if Nellie were not pleasant and kind he should not see her. * But I am goinpr to write. Wattie,' «be ended her Sneech wish, ' and tell both auntie «,n-l Nellie that I hare a darling little Walter, my grt-atast consolation and blessing, wto cheers and helps us all ; and I am sure Nellie, who from her letter seems all that i* warm hearted and pleasant, will love yon too.' * Poor lamb/ soliloquised Mrs. Greystone as. aftar overhearing some of her cbildrenB re marks a day or two later -when she went to prepare a chamber for Nellie's reception. * Poor lamb, I jam afraid that you are not going to meet wi h a very warm reception, for all the diildrfT! seem prejudiced, even dear Wa'ter; Katie is the only one who seems any thing like agreeable. Come here, my dear/ slip called out, as the afore-named subject passed ♦he open d-or ; « C^me here and tell me what yon think o' Cousin Nellie's room.' c0V mother.' cried Kate, her bright «yes sparkling, and clasping her hands together, ' I am sure it i-j beautiful. Nellie ought to like that ; and in truth the little room with its bright window, against which the roses beat their heads in a s'ft tattoo, and wh~-se sweet scent came wafting throueh; the bright, simple furniture and graceful white cloud like drapery, and rose-colored trimmings, pre sented a fair, sweet picture of rest and purity. *I am sure so ptincess could need a prettier 'room.* went on Katie, enthusiastically ' Jnst like you, dear mother/ she added, throwing her arms round Mrs. Greystone j ' Father says you always bewitch everything.' * Yes, I trust Nellie will like it/ answered her mother, with a smile, and flush of pleasure at her little daughter's ontbrealr of admiration. 'And Katie, dear,' she added, as she stooped to kiss the broad, white brow, 'do try and m ke it as pleasant for cousin as possible, will you ; I am sorry to see such little agreeable ness.' cTe3 mother/ and the color rose in the little maiden' 8 face, for she had not been behind hand in laughing at the other's conjectur -b, though she had not carried them so far. And so the dnys sped away, until the time came for Mr. and Mrs. Grevstone to go to the station for Nellie. Katie was left at home in charge with Lionel, and she was not a little proud of the honor ; there was the place to be tidied by Milly, and a cake to be baked, and tea to be s t in the pretty parlor, while Lionel's strong arms were to carry frail, weak Walter out to the sofa, which mother's loving hands had mide soft with pillows before she went. Milly had done her deputed tasks, and was now arranging some lovely pansies which she had gathered from the garden, and which was indeed the children's heart's delight, and after Ciurymg some into waiter, who had half hid his pale face among their sweet fragrance for a time, and afterwards had them placed near him where be could watch their beauty, while he murmured the words of the sweet familiar hymn — * There everlasting spring abides, And naver withering flowers.' How beantifnl to tbink that tfcere are flowers in heaven. Sing it for me, Milly.' And as Milly pat near and arranged the remainder of the Wojsoms in a tasty little bouquet to glad den the eyes of tbe expected arrival for a word from Katie. That mother did not like tne way in which they had taken Nellie's intended visit had done mnch to soften the child's prejudice ; for she loved mother dearly, and could not risk her displeasure; and to please Walter the sweet, childish treble warbled out the desired hymn. Presently the sound of wheels were heard, but not before Lionel Had with the tenderness of a girl, had placed his younger brother on the sofa ; and Katie and Milly bad set the table with the flow rs in the centre and had brushed out Amy's flaxen curls and tied the pink sash over her white frock, while tbe little one in her new bronze shoes toddled ever and anon to the door to watch for her mamma, as she called - © -r. and tnzzin N- li The little maidens thertmlves with their nretty pi ik frocks, and smooth hair, and b -ight f m'Kng faces, Katie's rose-flushed and eager Milly's dimpled and gentle, made a pleasant sight. Robert was lounging at the broad window, looking out. * There they are/ he cried; ' there is father spurring on old Dobbin, who never likes turn ing the corner, and mother with her paiasnl up; and that is our fine lady cousin at the «/!«%»«» ^. wu^rpvoo. ^U-J, MUU OI1C ftlbultf LllUUlfll, not much bisrger than you. Kit. I declare. Ah, Iieo, as his brother appeared, that you? Hurry off. old fellow, and make yourself presentable. Make haste/ he add 3d. mis choivously. 'or you U be too late to assist our fair cousin to alight.* * Indeed/ muttered Lionel, contemptuously ' I shall do nothing of the kind. Ton had be tn do that yourself, as you seem so handy I am not cleaned yet V and Lionel disa£ peared. ?Yes/ cried Katie, taking np her brother's words. 'Harry oft*. Bobbie, do, and help father; he will be so cross if you keep him waiting.* ' ?Oh, confound it all/ muttered that dutiful young gentleman, as he moved off unwiU ing'y, while Katie and Milly si y y appeared at the door, and little Amy clang to her sister's hand. ' * She's just like ber picture/ commented Katie, warmly,* and so pretty isn't she, Millv?' I *Tes/ answered the quiet Milly; «but not Tory bigr. though. Look at her shaking hands with Bobbie. He looks half afraid. She . don't seem proud, cither/ - ?Auntie, are those the girls?' cried * silvery, dear voice; aud in a minute tne quick little footsteps had flown over the gravelrjr path, and Katie and Milly felt them selves clasped in a warm embrace with sweet, kind. kisses on their young faces ; and as they shiiy returned her greeting, their mother came up and said— ?Tea, this is Cousin Nellie, dears- I hope you will make ber welcome. Gome in, dear, An tie is glad to see her Nellie ;* and the loving, gentle woman took tbe fair young girl in her arms, and kissed the sweet child- like mouth, and Nellie returning her caresses with some thing very like a tear in her eye, turned to the other occupant of the room. ? Is this Walter, Auntie ?' she asked, softly. ?Yes, my child/ answered Mra. Greystone, leading ber up to him, ' this is auntie's dear Walter/ And as Walter gazed for a moment and scanned the fair young face, his fear and distrust seemed to vanish, and a sudden im pulse of pity and tenderness seemed to tak- possession of Nellie as she bent over and kissed the thin face of the sick boy, saying — ? Dear Cousin Walter, I am glad to see you ; won't you let Cousin Nellie love you.' So be tween these two firm friendship seemed estab lished. Lionel came out at this moment and gazed a minute at the scene ; the slight grace ful, but somewhat petite form and delicate almost child-like face with its dainty coloring and deep brown eyes, filled now witb sweet girlish pity, and the short clustering rings of dark hair, made by no means a disagreeable impression on the mind of Lionel of the cousin he was going to dislike so much. Then, too, her costume, the neat dark waterproof suit, with its dainty white frilling and raffles, the tasty little jacket, and small, thongh somewhat jaunty black hat, together with tbe neat tassal boots, and small, delicately-gloved hands witb just tbe faintest perfume about her. Surely the most fastidious could find no fault with that, granted that small graceful pendants swing fmm the tiny ears, and a toy like watch with its coil of gold cnain wa* fastened at tne slender wdst, while on the littl« wrist a jet bracelet appeared. There was nothing in Nellie's attire to jar on sense or sight, and bo Lionel felt all was in harmony with the pretty, graceful, well-born city maiden; and as she drew near, and with a smile dimpling her delicate face, on which as yet lingered the traces of recent sickness, and extending ner little bana, crxea — * Ah. and so thia is my big Cousin Lionel o f whom I have heard eo much.' Lionel felt himself pretty much disarmed. There ia but little need to dwell at length on the pheasant chatty meal, nor how Nellie, by the aid of a few sweets, completely won the regard of little Dolly, nor how, as later she sat in the easy chair, for Nellie was still not strong, and soruewhat of an invali *, with Katie, find Milly holding each one of her hands after duly admiring the pretty presents Nellie had brought them ; while in answer to 'Farmer Greystone's ' Make yourself at home my lassie.' she had merrily cried — ' You need not ask me to do that, uncle ;' and later in the evening when Mrs. Greystone had led Nellie to her room, and had chatted to ber for long, sb-e bad felt constrained to lay her hand on the dark curls as she murmured — * Heaven bless my Nellie/ while Robbie had declared in con fidence to bis brother — *I say Leo, she's a regular stunner — quite a little brick ;* high eneoniums which Robbie was want to_ lavish forth when he approved of anyone in par ticular, and Loo had said but little and thought the more. (To be concluded in our next.} 