GENERAL NEWS. London, May 30. Captain Hume, late in oom m and of tho \- Immortal) 6, of the detached squadron, has been diana s.d the servioe by a sentcnoe of oourt manh.l, for conduct umboooming an offioor and gentleman H M S Peat! reaohed Spithoad on the 18th May. The Duke of Cambridgereviewed 14,000 mon at Aldershot on tho 27 th May. There were, in addition, 2000 horses and 46 guns on tho gll.Udd. The Army and Navy Gazette states that, in casa a cavalry corps is sent aboard, the House- hold Brigade, will form a part of it. lier Majesty, it is reported, ha3 purohased the extensive forest of Ballaekbync, adjoining Balmoral, from Colonel Farquharson, of Inver oauld It possesses the largest area of natural grewn Scctoh firs in Scotland, the sizo, beauty, and symmetry of tho trees being unequalled Tho London correspondents of several leading country journals state that Lord Beaconsfield WM very much opposed to the Queen going to Scotland in the present crisis. Other members of the Cabinet, it is said, hold the same opinion. An international British celebration of her Majesty's birthday has been hold at St Peters burgh, Virginia. It lasted throe daya. There "was a very large gathering, every British association in Canada and the United States being represented, and Americans exhibiting marked sympathy. | A meeting of several thousand agricultural labourers was held in Somersetshire on the 21nt May. The Prince of Walos had been invited to preside, but bad written stating that he was unable to do so. Mr. Glad- stone and otaers also «rote exousing themselves from attendance. The object of the meeting was to assimilato the county and the borough franchise Lord Cairns has introduced a Bar Education and Diaoiplino Bill into the House of Lords, providing for the establishment of a council of thirty, to bo appointed by the four Inns of Court, and six by the Government. The coun- cil is to have jurisdiction over barristers, with power to disbenoh or disbar, subject to appeal to the Supreme Court Judicial Committee. Anthony Trollope is going to the Cape at the end of Juno He will remain thero six months, prior tu writing a book on the country. In oonsequenoe of the English press, Conser- va,ive, Liberal, and Radical, with singular unauimity condemning the action of Marshal MacMahon in dismissing M Siman, papers have been subjected to a oensorship on entering Foráneo, and they are delayed several hours. Prince Bismarck's return to Berlin, almost immediately after tho dismissal of the Frenoh Cabioot, was looked upon as an indioation of speedy action against France. The change is regarded as bringing tho Ultramontane party into power Ho has since proceeded to Kiah ingec. It has becH stated that Marshal MaoMahon intends resigning if another Repuublican Assembly is eleoted. The Turkish Parliament is exhibiting eon sidorable disss^fSetlon at the coníhot of the war. O a the 22nd, the Chamber orDeputiei voted the impeachment of the late Visier, Mahmoud Pasha. The Ambassadors of Austria, Germany, and Italy arrived at Constantinople on the 17 th May. A gross aot of treaohery on the part of Russia was noticed by the Berlin correspondent of tho Times. A man named Krysiuski, a leader in the Polish insurreotion of 1863, who escaped, applied for leave to return. In answer, ha was invited to ooma baok On doing so, he was tried and sentenced to banishment in Siberia. Ho made his escape, was caught, and triod a sooond time and shot. Reports have been received of a oonspiraey having been disoovored among the Circassians in the Russian army. Several offioers have been unmercifully shot. In the firing between Kalafat and Widdin, the Standard oorrospondent at the latter plaoe status that tho Roumanian guns were direoted against the military hospital at Widdin,'which was flying tho red cross. Several of the invalids were killed, and others were wounded Lieutenant General Sir Collingwood Dickson, R.A, K 0 B, has been appointed military ad- viser to Mr Layard at Constantinople. Colonel Porter, R E., has been sent to Karg on a special mission, to report on the war in Asia Minor Lieut General Sir Arnold Kimball has re- turned to Greece from KarB, and is stated to have expressed his opinion that the Turks can- not hold out long. A large number of gentlemen who have'served in the B itish army are about entering the Turkish army, and it is thought that they will make their prcsenoe felt, as did thoir predoees eora in 1844 and 1845. A telegram from Vienna in the Standard of May 30, states that Count Shouvaloff has as 1 surcd Piinoe Bismarok that Russia ooverts no acquisition of territory in European Turkey, and that she will eventually only claim Upper Armenia as far as Kars, exoludmg Erzeroum, BO as not to interfere with English interests near the Euphrates, provided that English neu- trality is not changed during the farther events «f the war. The Russian and Austrian Emperors are to have an interview at Hermanstadt. A great demonstration took plaoe on May 29, at Belgrade, tho oapital of Servia, in favoar of Russia. The date of the departure of the Czar from Buokharost is purposely not made known. The frequent aeeidents on the Roumanian railways have given rise to a fear that a conspiraoy to oauie his death ii afloat Advioes'from General Loris Melikoff, received at St Petersburg, state that the Mussulman population have risen en waste nineo the pro- clamation of the fetwa by the Sheik ul Islam General Resohi ff, it is said, haB been oompelled to retreat before the Circassian insurgents Aooording to a Tiflii telegram the Russian garrison of Sukhoum Kaleh, after the destruc- tion of the plaoe and fort, retired to the forts and blookhouse of Masamba, on the heights to tbe north east, and have been reinforced by the battalions of riflemen from the Kuban, and regular field and mountain batteries. Notwith standing theso rainforoements an attsok made on the Turkish positions at Sukhoum Kaleh, a few days ago, seems to have been completely unsueoessful. The Russians were driven baos with loss, leaving a oonsidèrale quantity of arms and ammunition on the field. The natives of Abkasia as well as tho Cir- cassians are, it is itatod, now in full insurrec (ion. The Sultan has ordered 20,000 revolvers to be purchased out of his private purse, and dis- tributed arnon? the insurgents. The £On of Sohamyl, Mesmed Pasha, has gone to join the revolted Circassians, and it is an- nounced from St Petersburg that the other son of Sohamyl, who is established there and holds rank in the Russian army, has gone to the Cauoasns, no doubt to use his influence, or rather the weight of his name, with the moun- taineers The effeot produced by the insurreotion in the Cauoasus, the Vienna correspondent of the Times says, seems to be all the greater in Russia as it was quite unexpected. All aooounts previous to the war were such as to exoite no apprehensions about a possible rising thoro. The raoe between Boyd and Higgins was rowed in tempests of wind and rain, and the river was lashed into an angry roar. As Boyd was known to be suffering from an attaok of boils, the betting was strongly in favor of Hig- gins. A olear lead of two lengths was gained at the ttart by Boyd, who from that moment held the raee secure, Higgins not having a ghost of a ohanoe against bim. Altogether it was a hollow affair. Tho Daily Telegraph, oomment ing on the raoe, says there was a spaoe of at least 200 yards between the men aB Boyd went under Barnes' Bridge; and that he could have won by a quarter of a mile is undeniable, had he not judiciously slackened his pace; as it waa, Higgins, who showed an utter inability to oontend with rough water, was about twenty lengths behind at the finish. Boyd won in 28 minutes 24 sooonds, by Benson's ohrono meter watoh. With the stakes of £400 and the souliers' ohampionsbip, Boyd also took as a ohallenge trophy the handsome cup given by the proprietors of a Newoastle paper It is very likely that Boyd or Blackman will go to Aus tralia, and there compete with Trickett, who laBt June easily defeated Joseph Sadler for the Thames championship, but declined, before leaving England, to row with Higgins, The following account of the sinking of a seoond Turkish ironclad in the Danube is telegraphed by the special correspondent of the Times at Buokharest:-"One of the most daring deeds ever reoorded in the history of warfare was performed on the Lower Danube, near Ibraila, on Siturday morning, May 26. A Bmall detaohment of Russian soldiers, commanded by Lieutenant Dubaschiff, aocom paniod by the oommander of the Roumanian' flotilla, Major Margeeen, loft the northern shore of the Danube in a number of small boats, and> proceeded towards the point Petra Fstei, below' Maohin, and opposite Ibraila, at whiob point' there was stationed a large Turkish monitor.! The night was very dark, and they managod to surround the monitor before beirig discovered by the Turkish sentrios on board. They were ohallonged, and ' who goes there' rang out on the night air. Major Murgesen replied in Tar kiah, < friends.' The Turks, evidently not satis- fied, commenced firing in the direction of Mat chin, not knowing where these boats were. During the firing, several of the Russian soldiers, under the dircotion of Lieutenant Dubasohiff, plunged into the water, swam silently to the hull of the ironolad vessel, and plaoed the deadly torpedo in «lose oontaot with the bottom of the monitor. After the destructive maohine had been seeurely fastened, and the wire of an eleetrie battery had been accurately adjusted, tbe men retired to the neighbouring shore of the river, and at half past 3 in the morning the monitor was blown into the air, with all the officers and crew. _ The explosion WBB terrino ', and as nothing ii said of the orew being saved, it is supposed that all on board perished with tho vessel. The cool détermination with which this fearful enterprise was successfully carried out speaks for itself. The fate of the seoond Turk' ish monitor already, sent to the bottom of the Danube, with all onboard, shows how futile is the expectation thaigunboats «an maintain the mastery of a riverlined with hostile batteries, filled with enemies Is resolute as the men whose deeds aro reeordecP above The name ef the monitor destroyed was the Dar Matris." At an annual meeting of the National Rifle Association, it was resolved to get up a united team from England and Ireland to shoot in the long range international match in Amerioa. 