f LOCAL & GENERAL MEWS. % THEOsaalmoDthlymeetujgof No.6Bu3i3ing Society was held onThnreday mghtattbeoffiees of the Secretary, Mr. B. L. Oftdin. £362 IDs. lid. was received as subscriptions and entrance fees, 59 new shares were taken up, and 19 advance shares alloted at an average of 14 per cent. Osce ayear we are favoured with a glimpse into the working of the Bockhampton branch of the Government Savings Bank, and the aaspuaous moment has again, come round. At our local office, then, 331 accounts were opened during 1876, 65 were re-opened, and 320 were dosed, so that, at the end of the year, 676 accounts (indndmg a previous !»«*«»«» of 600) remained open. Boring the name period, there wae 1701 separate deposits, and 965 separate withdrawals— including 863 made by! telegram; and the total deposits amounted to; £23,138 (as against £18,672 in 1875), and the total withdrairls to £22,941 -as against £18,903 in 1875). This shows satisfactory Couuc table salt is said to be an antidote for otdinm, the great enemy of grape vines. We don't know whether it has been tried in tiie colonies ; but it is strongly recommended by 1L Chatot, a Frenchman, who says that his vines and grapes were covered for some years witin a fnngmvlike substance, and tiiat but spring he sprinkled a handful of salt about the toots of each vine. The effect was marveUooB, the vines grew btKuriantly, and bore an abundance of grapes entirely free from the fungus of oidmin. Of course, we have no means of testing M. Chatofs statement, either as to the accuracy of his observations or the correctors of bis deductions, but those who nave diseased vines can but try the remedy, unless it has been already tested and found lacking. A SEw fire-extinguisher of marvellous potency has been discovered. It oonsiBtB of a chemical compound which, wlim ignited, evolves snlpnuroos add and carbonic add gases, and ftinstantly subdues the fiercest flanv^ by ?,?''»— '^g combustion, tiiuB totally tf«»Ti|Minp the ordinary appliances with whidi the'fireT-rig»des are equipped. The invention was recently tried in Irontof tin City Hall, New York, and the result, as stated by the Sdemtific America*, is almost beyond belief. A board 'kanty, 13 feet square and 10 feet luflt, was erected to represent an apartment^ and fumMwrl with a door, window, and a stovepipe caning through the toot The ?~nl.ll liar ^bsm ? iLlT_l ? tllT #» aflw li.—mli and ttiajjbai*. Inneeotnerwua 101b. box Ot Xufi fi« I* tacit IWUIIW COmpOOSU, WuaU tsl TBSe attached ^totfnmning round tbe waus, on the seK-igniting plan. The combntibieswereset on fire, and man instant the interior was one A tew moments nftfr the compound was ignited; the gases that were generated there from inatanilynibdned the flames; and in less tbaUk bsU£ at iwiurf^ tnfi fire vn entirely ex tingmahed. B this be correct, then each of an insurance office and a fire brigade by simply investing m a sew boxes df the com pound. There is one difficulty tint we see. This &e; extinguisher would sot answer for uluisiifc apartments, because what smothers eombastidli also destroys life. Dot Ibe restriction is a small one, and in other rapmbi tile substance, if as potent as what is said, would be of immense value. The report of the Commissioner of Police for the past year is short and satisfactory. We are told that crime has not increased, notwithstanding the steady influx of popu lation. During the year stations were formed at Cairns, Smithfield, Maryborough, Walsh River, Kingsborough, Oxley, Townsville, and Highfields, and the total number at stations is now 109. In consequence, how ever, of the rapid extension of settlement on all sides, at least a dozen additional stations are to be formed immediately, while the number of constables at some of those already formed are to be increased. During the year the police establishment cost £117,754 3b. 3d. The strength of the force in the Rockhampton Police District at the end of the year was as follows: 1 first-class sub- inspector, 1 senior-sergeant, 5 sergeants, 6 senior- constables, and 19 constables. Therein also a detective officer, which brings the total up to 33 of all grades. The native police is represented by two black troopers. The force, in addition to their ordinary duties, perform escort service, and during the year they brought from the various goldfields, 303,927 ozs. of the precious metal, £10,715 in coin, and £114,222 in notes. The Rev. J. J. Westwood arrived in town on Thursday, after a ride of nearly 500 mnes, from Warwick ink Banana, thence to Sanne's Station (Mr. Cmmingham's), a distance of 35 miles, then ts Dundee, on the Dee Biver, a short journey of 15 miles, and next to West wood, some SB mBes further, tbe sabseonent stages being to Staaweu, and lastly to town. The rev. gentleman Beams hale and hearty, and is full of work. He states that last Sunday he preached twice at Dundee, the services being well at bended. But he had been preaching and lectnrine nsnt along whenever opoottnnitv offered. He has two horses with him, and these he need alternately. He found plenty of grass at all the stations until he struct Banana, where there has been little or no rain since last September, and where the herbage is consequently scanty. After leaving tiie Dee Biver the grass again became scarce, a&dcontisned; so throughout tiie anal stages of the trip. We understand that Mr. West wood wiU preach at tiie School of Arts on Sunday evening, and be also intends shortly to defiver bis lecture on the Pyramids. The usual committee meeting of the Benevolent Society took place on Wednes day, at the School of Arts. There were pre sent-Mrs. Thon Cm die chair), Mrs. Hartley, Mrs. Ball, Mrs. Mflford, Mrs. Pergoson, Mrs. Macdennott, Mis. On, Mrs. Headrick (Lady Secretary), Mrs. Salmond -Lady Treasurer), Sev. E. Hartley, Dr. Salmond, and Mr. Uvennore. Tie minutes of the pre vraus meeting having been read and confirmed, the fnUowiag reports -were passed :— Uo. 1 district : relieved, 16 adults and 15 chBdren, atanexpenditnreof£I98s.l0d. Xo. 2 dis trict : relieved, 5 adnltB (number of chQdien not mentioned), at an expenditure of £3 9s. S(d. No. 3 district: relieved, 7 adults auld 11 children, at an expenditure of £9 2s. at No. 4 district: relieved, 4 adults and 10 children, at an expenditure of £3 12s. *H. No- S district relieved, 10 adnlts and 22 children, at an expenditure of £8 10a. lid. No. 6 district: relieved, S adnltB and 9 chndren, at am expenditure of tS 12s. 3d. In the Benevolent Asylum were 5 inmates, expenditure £14 Us. 5$L A letter vas read from, the Lady President a&olomsaur; for not being able to attend, and stafofiiat she had received * telegram from thePreuner, Mr. Doughs, informing her Oat £1000 had been placed, on the estimates tor the new Benevolent Asylum. The Committee pro ceeded to diacna. the financial posWon of the Society, and the Lady Treasurer stated that there was only £77 10s. to its Thebe are one and downs in Queensland journalism. The Sortttn Advocate, the property of a company, and printed at MiQ chester, Charters Towers, gave np the ghost on the 26th of last month, having apparently died from inanilaon. In its place has sprang -m the Zbn» Bmli, the first number 3 whidl appeared on the 2nd instant. The new proprietary are Messrs. M-Odland, Jones,, ?nd Garter, the first two coming from tiie Staff of the Soriaers IGaer, and the tirird having been manager of the now defunct print. Mr. M-OeDand was lone a reddent of Book liampton. and is wefl known and respected. The new venture is neatly sot np, and, judg ing from the number 'of advertisements, makes a good start. But it may not be so by and*ye-saiththecnaker. We -roote from the Kwr:— 'H one paper has become de funct where is die foundation for hoping that another, with nothing new to offer, mH ex perience a better fate ? There was no neees «ity Car it, nor was it needed to provide a means of living for any destitute and du. tressed printers. Mean. McClelland sad Jones, twoof the proprietors of the HeraUL bad comfortable hOletz and tidy ' screws 'on the Scrltan MOkt, and could have remained as they were as long as they liked. Tiieyfiave ?op s- certainsy for sv ?peculation, and if ^bey &a; aieymayM»me atansalveB.' We wish long life and prosperity ta the aw journal. Ciuani iiasin.— Mr. MIJou, the agant for &x; BriJasn Dynanute Company of Glasgow, has been in Mossvale district during the past week (says the aVrsfoHer}, making come experiments with dynamite in iliaiim timber oo Mr. Gachrist's p«ui-eil« near Moist vale. An anger-hole iiboreaaboutbalf way through the tree, a short distance from tin grouul.aodssmanohargebfJngmsKtedaBd ?gsited, tiu toe is cut completdy tarongh, and the stump shattered, so machsotbatit would be easy to bran or drag it oat with bullocks. In one or two instances a. hole vat driven under the roots with a crowbar, and a charge put in, when a whole tree was blown ontof Ihegrouod. Unlesa the wood is sound tiie powder fan liitte effect The more reset ing power there is the batter it does its work. Tin larrikins here ere beginning to ab themselves felt The ether night M ? liana and HxtaniA Manmeatal Stone Bird, in W01iam-stetet, was catered by some miwiiBwuB, win usstoDyau low news hhh, intended for an eadosureat the cemetery. Tbe work of detraction bad been gone Boost systematically, for a hammer ind Seen takes 4m ten a afaeK, ud the atones denuded of tin comas,- mad Uttered and defaced -U rand. It looks tike the work of aoroe of onr street Arabs. ?? TjmcUBurnafcriBe Hotel at North Baek nampton uimri; escaped bane burnt dawn on Jtooday night This baOdinghas for some tine been tenanted by a number o( people, who, it is said, ban token possession of it without the ceremony of rent-paying. Some of them got on the spree od Monday night, and by some means mianl to set the car tains of a bed on fire- The flames rapidly spread to the bed dothes, and when the constable arrived on flu aceoe the whole mom appeared to be in a maze. With the aasist tanceof Mean*. Armstrong. Tiemey, and W. Bait, Senior-Constable ofSuffivan anceeeded in extinguishing the flames, the burning dothes bang thrown oat a! the window. Four of die inmatei of the boose were drank, and if Ihe fire could have been confined to the BarnetnDe its oatrnetiou would not have keen mourned by the noghboors. The half-yearly balance sheet of the Bock nampton Gaa and Coke Company has jnat and steady pujgima. The receipts for the past six months, ending the 31st Hay, wen these: Balance on 30th November, £603 ISs. lOd.; ealee of gas, coke, and tar, £1666 4b^ scrip and transfers, £3 19b.; rent of dweuingjumse, £22 10a.; interest, lla.; re sale of forfeited shares, £3* 14s. Id.; total, i £2331 10s. lid. The profit npon these trans actions amounts to £8*6 Os. lOd.. a portion of wbttb wffl be available f« a dividend. The lancer capital now employed by the Company, wife the nse of cheaper coals. *c, wffl account for any increase in the profits, but this n a point which wffl no doubt be fully explained m the directors' report. We under stand tint the Boxbnrgh, which is »T*H»d daily, brings to the order of the Company two or three miles of new pipes (100 tons), and tbae, it is unnecessary to say, represent a great many new customers, and a oorrasponding addition to the net receipts. We have received an advance copy of 4fce map supplement of the Sgdmiy Jfett of the 2n4 instant It represents the Beat of war both in Enrope and Aria. So far as it goes it is an excellent map. The Black 6ea occu pies the centre, and we are afforded a sort of bird's eye view of the adjacent countries, the mountains Btanding out prominently in bold perspective, while the rivers, railways, acd roads could not be more distinct. There is also a key to the map, with a long list of names. In all theserespeets this is decidedly the neat map of the seat of war that has been yet issued ta Australia. But the meat theatre of operations will be European Turkey, and but a small portion of that has been given. Asia crashes out Europe, and little more than a third of WaUaehia is visible. This is a great drawback. At the same time, by having a portion of both continents an Che same map, a more comprehensive view is obtained of the seat of war, on the right hand being Erzeroum and on the left* portion of the Danube, with the Balkans in the rear, the roads through the passes being plainly traceable. By Friday's mail Captain Melbourne, of Bo. 4 Company, and Captain tee*, of the light Infantry, reoehnsd copies of *he new regulations for the issue and safe custody of stores for the volunteer force. These regula tions have been approved by his Excellency the Counnander-iu-Chief, but whoever frama them must be an ardent admirer of red tape, and bave quite a passion for the im practicable. Under these regulations, rifles will not be issued unless there is a secure armoury, and the allowance made by the Government is 5s. a week towards the rent of a drill-room. Here, therefore, there is no armoury, and no person to look after it if there were. The staff-sergeant is paid £60 a-year for teaching both companies, and he has to go out with them on all occasions. He has to buy Ins own uniform. According to the regulations, this officer is to dean the rifles after they have been used, bat the framer evidently fagotto nay anything about the remuneration to be given, and the work would not be light The two companies would require about 140 '' rifles, ana we will suppose Oat there a firing practice twice a week. How, every rifle mnst ne cleaned after it has been used and before it is again taken out, and about a quarter of hour is required for each. At this rate 100 rifles would require 25 hours to clean ; and even if we aDow half the time, vit, 74 minutes for each, which would ensure the work being scamped, there would stiB be twelve hours ot hard and incessant labour. The driU instructor is to do this, but who is to pay him? Bed Jane forgot that The riflei cost only £2 8a. «£, and the proper thing to do would be to hand them over to the volunteers, and bold each man responsible both for the safe custody and «tw4i*i«»p of his weapon. It is just as important that he abonldkarn to dean tt as thathe should learn to fire, for antfl he can do both he is totally nnfit for active duty minefield. But the Begulstioos deprive him of the opportunity of doing so. As soon as practice a over the rifles must be returned In the armoury, and the volunteers *- not touch them again until they are goingout ' is is very like playing at soldiers. We nee, also, that the captains an saddled with a heavy . burden of rmpnnaihflity against which they are likely to kick, or allow the whole thing to remain a dead letter. Most of all, however, we pity the poor drill sergeants, who are in for it Tea, they am not regulations, neat sad trim, and fmncaebicahle to the last degree. Ax a committee meeting of the Central tsasensland GrsziCTa' and Farmers' Society, keU last Saturday at the Show Grounds, a meets! vote of thanks was paased to Mr. lames Atbecfc*, Adelaide Park; Mr. Thomas Ufaertou. Hoont Hedlow; and Mr. J. W. Power, William-street, for special contribu tions towards the funds and prizes of the Society. It was decided to hold the annual general meeting attheeunimillw room.Orace mere, on the -29th instant, at 2 p.m BocKHufpnor win be well leprcsonted at the Maryborough faces next week, as no less than four bones from this town win be pre sent to try coDchnaans with the other acceptors. By bet Tuesday's steamer Mr. Flyan sent his well-known horse Herod, in charge of his trainer, Mr. J. Finn, who has brought out the old horse in fine form, which, with the light weight bestowed by the Mary borough handicapper, should give him a good chance of winning the big money. Mr. John Nolan has also sent his bones Princess Tfayra and Whalebone, in charge of Mr. J. Cunnmgnam. who has them bnth. very fit. Mr. Higeou's Philosopher is already in Mary borough, and it it said is looking first-class. WhA these fine animals to compete, it win be hard if some ef the Maryborough 'douars' do not find their way to fiockhampton. When the Egmoni; arrived in KeppelBsy, on her present trip north, a telegram for Cap tam Brooks was taken out to the vessel by one of the pilot boats. This telegram contained the information that a large barque, called the Bands, had been wrecked on the Chesterfield Beef, outaide the Bar rier, on the 21st of May; and that those on baud, numbering sixteen, left the wreck in two boats, one of which, rwitaming five seamen, had reached Bo» en, wife and child, and eight men, had made for Eeppd Bay. For the latter boat, of which nothing had been heard, Captain Brook, was requested to keep a look out. The Banda, when wrecked, wiu on her way from K*ew casde to Shanghai with coals. The following is a copy of Mr. Buzacotf s telegram on the bridge site. ra*d at the last meeting of the Municipal Council, but inad vertently omitted from our report of the proceedings :— ' W. G. Jackson, Esq., Mayor. —ft is perfectly practicable to put the bridge at Fitzroy-gtreet, but it would Involves five feet hump at the intersection' of Qnay street; which means a costly embankment, and necessitates, with the price of lant required on the north aide, an additional expense of several thousand pounds. Mr. Byerley says the bridge, if placed opposite SUardon'e, would absorb all the money voted, and the Minister for Works objects to ask Parliament for a supplementary vote. If the Corporation consider Fitzroy-etreet indispen sable they should pass a resolution to that effect, and tad the Minister for Works a copy.— C H. Bozaoott.' THE immigrants by the Indus were brought up to town on Saturday by the Government steamer Mary, the . Wing taking place between three and four o'clock. The towns tfae new chums, and Quay-street and the wharf approaches had a very animated ap pearance. The debarkation was effected acadent, if we except a 9Dod many slips and one tumble. There being no gangway or staging at the wharf— the ems! wharf below the Queen's wharf, chiefly used for timber— some loose boards were ntibaed for the occasion, and all had to 'walk the plank,' the performance being closely watched by the crowd. Dr. Sabnand, with the captain and surgeon, superintended the '''''c and saw everyone safe on ferra firma. They were soon ensconced at the depot, and there we may leave them. They appear to be a strong, healthy lot of people, weU suited toa colony where there is little for any one except ing hard work. The voyage, according to the captain's report, which wiD be found in the shipping column, was marked by a few storms, one in particular taking place when off the sonthem coast of Anebaba, and during Hie gale, which must have been very severe, the chain plates, topmast, and top-gallant back stays were carried away. The railway iron in the hold also shifted, and had to be wedged in with the lighter cargo, conmstrnf; of timber, salt,&c; ThevesselancnoredinEeppel Bayou Thursday afternoon, and the same nighta young man, named Michael M-ESvoy, disappeared! but though Dr. Young had the vessel searched no-trace of the ~ri— ™g youth was found. It is thought probable that he fell overboard. The Indus brings 350 souls, equal to 332 statute adults. There were five births on the voyage, and no deaths, excepting the tragic one in the Bay. There waa also very little sickness ; on lining, one man was taken to the hospital, but we did not hear the exact nature of his complaint. The single girls look very tidy and neat, and will make good ser vanta. There were seventy-two of them under Mrs. Gaadin's care, comprising one Swiss, one German, three Italians, 17 English, and 49 Irish. The Italians, who represent nearly all the ordinary branches of trade, consist of 44 single men and 17 familim There are among them a large num ber of vine-dressers ; and we met with five from sunny Italy of a superior cuss, men of education and intelligence, someof whom have fadd «^ap**TE'WJi and wiwvjmw**^ positions in their natnTeland. They have not had time to form any very dffinhV plan. They talk of commencing grape culture in the event of nothing else taming up, but would prefer some suitable employment, and working for a ?alary, fora while. Justava Eamaooote, the interpreter, is well op to his basmess, and quite a gentleman. The depot was the centre of attraction to crowds ofpersons yesterday, and this morning luring win commence at ten o'clock. We had nearly forgotten to mention that, at the termination of the voyage, a beautifully nominated address was presented to Dr. Young by the Italian imnugraota. in which they expressed their appreciation of bis sngormkmdnsss daring the imsswp. A few smroa as to she EaCca herself snay be apropos. SbeiaaUrgemaveaael, osroue-ogyri, and dipper unit, and is excellent saner. She nowned fay Messn. Taylor. Bethel, and Roberts, of Loodoe, and is osier the com mand of Captain Hunt, a gentleman who has made many voyags to Queensland. The Peak Downs Chamber of Commerce, dean. This is satisfactory, and we hope that it may long continue. Therein immense power in combination, and practical bnsiness men may, by united and iudjeious efforts, secure for the town and district in which they live many important advantages. We see that the first meeting of the Chamber has just been held, and that two great questions are on the tapU. One is the threatened resumption of the Peak Downs runs, against which the people are preparing to make a vigorous pro test The other is the railway question; and here we have an fllnstrarioo of the value of a ill ' nftwr of t'lamniMi'ii' T^e commmnty ? more especially ibe business portion — have uTthe beluvwe*near no'more oTtne wild scheme for carrying a trunk line of railway over Peak Downs. It is seen Oat a branch line would meet all requirements, and be free from Ute dangers of a through main line. On this point the' Mayor spoke clearly. He said: 'From what they now knew it was almost certain the trunk line would he carried due west. A branch line would be sufficient to meet all regcirements, and he believed the present Mmntry wouH be favourably disposed towards such a line being constructed. The question of impor tance to fins district was from what point would the branch line start towards Copper field, as it would be of very StOe service if we had to wait until the trunk line tapped all the traffic of the district' Judging, how ever, from memorial letter adopted, there iB stiU a hankering after the trunk fine, which they wish to have as near to them as possible ; and Ihe route from Jjurline to Craven Gap is suggested by way of a compromise, instead of Emerald Downs. The chief reason in favour of this deviation is that it would bring the main line wHbin twenty or thirty mnes of Clermoot The House is to be asked fora survey ; VmtftktobehopedthattheGovernment lure atlretkrly a^ Che needed ^'frtt*'iittfaii in then- possession, and that the best mote, whether by Emerald Downs or the Gap. may be adopted without further delay, and the work of actual construction pushed ahead. Delays are not only dangerous, but ruinous to a new country in which the iron-horse is indis pensable. The idea of those favouring the 'Gap' is that the shorter the branch line is they wiD have the railway the sooner, which is a perfectly logical conclusion — only the interests of the country at large must be taken into account, and this wiB be the dnty of Parliament The amount received at the Rockhamriton OsBtnvn House anting the put xhodbi wss £7632 8s. 2d. TOs sum is £508 more than tbe collections of any previous month, which is a most satisfactory toga of yfomeaa. The traffic '?'?ning? on the Northern Bau wsy for the week ending May I9amountedto £671 19a. 3d., showing a total increase, as compared whh the corresponding week of last year, of £139 14s. l0d_. but a decrease on passenger fares of £1 Us. 3d. When once the public have better facilities for travelling the passenger traffic wul assume veiy diffoent proportions. On the Brisbane lines, where there are a number of trains running every day, the passenger fares for the week show an merease on the past year of £». Just think of chat, and then of our Jimiwuiei passenger tr&ffic; Whfle population has increased in this district, travelling has remained stationary, and the late reduction of tbe fares shows a small balance on the wrong side. But we may expect more people to travel as soon as they have the means of going and returning the same day. At the conehision of the morning service at the Presbyterian Church, on Sunday, the Bev. Alexander Hay intimated that he had received applications from a number of young men desirous of obtaining assiatancein the pro regretted that he could do nothing 'in the matter this week, as on Tuesday he had to leave town for Gladstone, on Presbytery business; but he would return by tbe steamer at the end of tile week, and on the evening of Friday week, the 15th instant, he would be happy to meec with tbe applicants, and others, in order to make the neeewary arrangements. He was desirous of affffwiit'lg young men engaged in business during the day; and he explained that the class, should one be formed, would not be restricted to young men belongrag to the Presbyterian Church, but would be open to Sunday School teachers, and others, connected with the different churches in town, who might wish to add to their nseUness by suit able preparation. A.sunuar scheme had been started in Brisbane last year ; and one of the objects in view, in addition to the broader one of helping the many, wss to induce a few young men to qualify themselveB for the ministry. There must be some life among the youth of BnHrbampton after all. TBEOaix jUtd tse Liofs. — The PUet of Thursday reports that an exceedingly unfor tnnatejSavfe to tbe otherwise euccMB&d; season Messrs. Cooper, Bailey, and Co. have bad at Newcastle occurred. Tbe evening's perfor mance was to have been the dosing one, and but for the tornado that came up from the north-west it would have been a grand display. Soon attar the light* had been fit, and entrance oprapd, the company began to stzeam in. Aoutons thousand had gained admiasion, and were wandering around the big tent admiring the zoological collection, whenMr. BaSevaaw that the wind was rising so rapidly that a crowd could not assemble with safety. He therefore requested his. visitors to withdraw md receive their money at the office. Set there was evidentrj a gale coming Jb, be became imperative. Of course he I ?liTalaml danger was being chanced better than feus' risitors. He ordered his men to stretch a rope across the tent as as to forma cordon, by means of which the people should be compeBedto seek Uk entrance. Fortunately, he managed to get the tent dear. Scarcely bad be succeeded in doing so when be became aware that the test meat go and the faatenmga were ordered to be Innannrd and the suppurly removed. Before tms could be effected the gale struck the tent twice, and the second tune the monster mass of canvas, that was estimated to be worth about £3000, was forcibly carried amy and split and torn into fractions.* Then ensued a scene of confucdan. Fortunately tbe main staff were on Ox ground, and each man in his Kaace. The gale jjmrwl over the cage containmg the two magHifiiTail. lions, and the spring-loek fastenings, ordinarily so safe, gave way. The lion was halfway ant of the cage ia a «*«i— *1 and in anothersecond he and tbe lioness would have been at liberty. face to face with a frightened contused crowd of over a thousand nriroiH Fortunately the Kfj|Mr was tfaere^ and no ^v^wr did tike lion'a bead aaage than Johnson struck him a heavy Mow with a dub. The brute at once drew back, and the keener threw himself on the door, which at once abut to with its usual sharp snap. But ouick and timely as the action bad been, tbeSan, -when struct, threw out his daw, and this came down the keeper's arm, **?'*'£ through his heavy dothing. and causing tbe warm blosd to flow. Thisindeed was a narrow escape. Had the two &ons; escaped, and the terrified crowd ran away, the probably is that tbejE woojd have been accidents. Jobnaon, the ^fit' has great power over the lions in the cage, and can venture to them, but what his power would have been worth had they been oat we can easily guess. Another feature almost borders on the ludierons. The split and torn canvas enveloped a baby elephant, and he was taken away several yards by the force xll tbe gust. He commenced to bowl, and the chorus waa taken np by another -of the large elephants. This was warning to the crowd that it was time to dear away. The management of the company suffers neavily by tbe rent and damaged tent, but -had &e; gust come on when sevens thousand Demons ikiu m OiB T circus, there mnst have been loss of life. Tne company travels with a double set of canvas, so it wfll go on to Maitland as if there had been nothing the matter. The Bosm&s; Sqcasbos x~s~ *3~hx Pa*~*dtxc. — The lima Parhantentaryreportof theZlst Feb ruary contains the f allowing with reference fa the P'— '' squadron at San Francisco : — 'Captain Pirn inquired of the first Lord of the Admiralty whether his attention had been drawn to the statement in the Tima of the 1st February last :— « Russian Ships of War. — -A.M.' sends ns a note, dated January «, received by him from San Francisco on Wed nesday morning: — 'There is a small fleet of -± convettes m &e; bay here. They are waiting ;*~ for English vessels which come here for wheat in tte event of a £uropeaa war. I think they have thirteen men-of-war.' Whether it was true, as stated by the Gioie of the 13th of January, that 'to oppose eleven Bnsarin vessels England had tat seven drips in the Pacific, carrying bat 56 guns. And further, whether the statement in the Close of the 6th of February wss true to the effect that should England side with Turkey tms Russian squad ron wfll be conveniently near to Eaquunatt, the British North Pacific Naval Station, wmeh is comparatively unprotected, and contains an j™«-tfw«» quantity of naval stares and ammuni tion. Mr. Hunt : My iuformatna does not agree with that quoted by &e; hon. and gallant member. (Laughter). It is to the efieet that on the S4th January there was at San Francisco a R««ip squadron, consisting of one corvette, two gun vessels, and three gun beats. (Laughter). The hon. and gallant member seems by his questions to anticipate an outbreak of war between tbis country and Ensna. That is an anticipation in which I do not share, our relations with that Empire bang of a friendly ehmnrt*r Should, how ever, British interests be threatened from any quarter hi any part of the Globe, I tope the House may rdy npon her Majesty's Govern ment taking proper steps to afford them pro tection. (Loud cheers.)' A Seu- scptoexiso Hosfteai.— The Xem- Fort Tima thus describes a slew hospital, which IX opened on the 17th March last, which is intended shall be self-supporting :— The main building, which is situated ia Fifteenth-strent, having a frontage to it of 175 feet, is seven stories Ugh, and is believed to be so thoroughly fire-proof thai it has not been considered necessary to insure it The floors are of tiles, laid in cement on iron girders; the wainscoting is of marble; no timber has been used except in tbe doors and windows, and the materials employed an the walls and noors are non^bsorbent, so as to afford no resting- place for disease germs. Two eleva tors give access to the whole of the upper stories; and the highest oi these has been set apart for a aolnriam, or sun fuarnhw, after the dd Greek method. It is covered by a glazed roof, and contains a conservatory of rare plants, together with fresh and saltwater aquaria. A supply of pure water is obtained from an artesian weD beneath the buOdnqr; and a current of fresh air — to he warmed m. the winter months by faemg made to pass over heated pipes— is driven to all parts of the building by means of a couple of powerful fans. A library of 15,000 volumes bas been already formed, and another building in the rear, fronting Sixteenth-street, contains the superintendent's residence and the various offices ; the kitchen and laundry being at the top of the house. The hospital win accom modate 200 patients and 60 attendants ; the ordinary charge for in-patients— which will coverall expenses— wffl be 1 doL a day, bat private apartments, elegantly tarnished, can be secured far invalids at rates ranging from is to £10 per mek. 