Olhc -3joi[muHUalhi;oiuclc TITE LACTNCKSTOX TIMES. JIOSDiV, JUKK llTU, 1877 Those who supply editorial pabulum to the Opposition journals must be very weary of the disgusting task. To repeat tan-times-rofutod false assertions, and tororivo others challenged, contradicted, and fairly Dlain months ago, cannot pos ?ibly be a congenial duty to even the mo»j depravod mind. And yet, if the leading columns of Hie Opposition journals, South and Ji'orfh, since Now Year'a Day— we shall not ask our roaderj to go further back— bo carefully perused, this will be found tlio chief work they hnvo been persistoriUy engogod in. Thoir summaries for England arc filled in duplicate with the galvanised ghosts of gross misatate ments, refuted, slain, and hondod over to tho undertaker months buicc. Were we actuated by selfish motives, we should not object to our SouOt and North con temporaries filling their columns with such literary garbogo as suiUthoir depraved ap petite, but which must disgust tho most tolerant of their roadera. ' The aame old tune,' with very slight variations, haa been played bo many inontha as a war cry against tho Reibcy Ministry, that the most rabid Chapmanite looks upon a re. hash of tho stale, worn out subjects with disgust and horror. Can any rational Mrriter for the Press really supposo that any interest attaches now to the hssty re marka Mr Meredith inado last year in ro forenco to tho socret, if not surreptitious printing of n litUo bill, the contents oE which constituted a studied insult to Min isters? His ExcoUoncytheGovornor having said that; he would grant Ministers a dissolution, and furnishod a memorandum stating the grounds on winch ho granted it, tliore tho matter should liavo been allowed to rest. The Oovornor merely exercised tlio prerogative cf tho Crown to rcmedya political crisis ataperiod whon a moribund Parliament, vrhioh had never effected any beneficial legislationfor the colony in eight sessions, had readied within four months or so of its expira tion by effiuxion of tiiuo. Under those circumstances, to captiously criticise the Governor's memorandum and question his right to oxcrciso Her Majesty's pro mgative to the orient of granting Ministers a dissolution, is in the wont possible tiste ; but it haa been made a large portion of the poor political ?tock- in-trade of tho Opposition. Thon wo arc told that it wss unconstitutional to grant a dissolution without first obtaining an Appropriation Bill, a beautiftul thoory by which tho Royal prerogative in reference to dissolving Parliament would be for over umihUatod, or at least passed from the Crown into the hands of any factious and obstructive 'majority of one,' A most insulting article againat His Excellency the Governor is specially penned for an English nummary, in which tho case of Sir Charles Barling, in Victoria, and the rulings thereon are citod, but if tho writer knowa anything about the Sir Chares Darling case— which we very much doubt — ho must know that there ia about oa much analogy between that and the Reibey dissolution as connection betwoon Tenterden stoeple and the Goodwin Sands. No comparison could possibly bo uioro nut apropos, and writers who attempt auch abortive similes merely aucceod in oxpoaing their own ignorauce and stupidity. The descent of their Honors tho Judges from tho 'Bench into tho public arena of politics, and their pen and ink tilts with the Ministry and tho Governor, are also very stale subjocts, and the most futile attempts are being made to uud & vul nerable spot in tho dignified but courteous demeanor which constitutes tho best armor of His Excellency, the represen tative of Hor Majesty. Mr Keibey the Prem-or, Mr Meredith tho Treasurer, Mr Bromby tho Attorney-General, and Dr Cr&wther;, tho representative of tlio Ministry in the Upper House —without portfolio— have boen, since they accepted office, the bost abused man in the colony, and wltat is tho result 1 Why tliat every man of them is ton times more popular titan ho was when thoy succeeded tho houso-breaking Ministry who daro not meet Parliament. The legislative blunder which necessitated a brief meeting of Parliament to rectify an error in the Jury Act, has been so persistently ventilated with the view of damaging tho Attorney General, that tho public- have discovered he was not half so much to blame as the Opposition members, who, by'anwiufino tho Draft Bill, rendered it unworkable. The un-English attacks upon tho public and private character of the Premier have produced the unexpected effect of render ing him, without exception, the most popular man in Tasmania, south or north, wost or cist. Tlio public look to him and his colleagues hopefully loofloct somo roally progressive legislation, and it ib for this reason th6 Ministerial candidates receive such staunch support in all the doctoral dis tricts. Neithor the liberation of Mn Hunt to join hor son, previously liberated by the late Ministry, the facilities afforded the public by forwarding the mails, south and north, by the Main Line Bailway, nor any equally heinous atrocity, produces any other effect on the public mind than that of cordial approval Even issuing the writs for the elections iu batches in the usual way, fails to arouse the public ire against this papular Ad ministration. In Parliament the Reibey Ministry has met with factious, uncon stitutional opposition at every step ; out of it they have been systematically traduced, slandered and lampooned by a seotion of tho Press. Their actions and statements have been shamefully misrepresented, and the most vile motives attributed to them. The result has been the same ; the impu tations of falsehood, troachery, and uni versal baseness have, boomerang like recoiled upon the heads of those who hurled theso political missiles. Tho Oppo sition curses have thus been turned into blessings. The object of the Opposition throughout all this wildernesi of misre presentation haa been too transparent t the ejection of the present Ministry from office on the motion of Mr W. R. Giblin, the leader of the Opposition, and a return of the house-breaking Administration to power. But the public, south and north, are opposed to this ; they refuse to reward political perfidy, and oight aesionB of stolid stagnation in so liberal a manner. The public remember distinctly tlint Mr Giblin, Mr Innes, Mr Moore, and their Premier, Mr Kenuerloy, suddenly resigned iu July lost, leaving tho colony without a Government— His Excellency the Governor without Advisers at a very critical period in the history of the oolouy, and within a month or m of tlio assem bling of Parliament. The public know that tho Giblin-Innoa Administration tolled from office because they had not the moral courago to moct Parliament and give— what thoy could not— a satis factory account of thoir stewardship. With a majority at their back in the House of Assembly, thoy beat an ignominous retreat, and now they have tho audacity to rally thoir routed forces and ask the oloctora to place them in a position to eject those who filled the breach when they ran away from sheer cowardice, and self consciousness that thoy had not performed their duly to tho country. Tl,eJ- have fro frequently .been charged iu and out of Parliament with their poltroonery, and thoy havo never boen able to refute it, or explain it away. Tho journals by whom their broken-backed cause is now supported, were, in July hat, most viru lent in their condemnation of tho conduct of tho houso-broftking Innos Mi u Wry and we should liko to know what has transpired since to whitewash them, and regenerate them from their gross political sins. On the broad principlo of advocat ing for the good of tho country ' mea sures not men,' wo gavo the late Ministry much moro support than thoy deserved. In the belief that they were sincere iu bringing forward a useful, practical schome of public works, we stood by them until they, without assigning any sound reason, rosigned in profcronee to mooting Parliament, where, as ^responsible Minis ters, they would have boon compelled to give a clear account of thoir previous acts. That ordeal thoy oscapod by an object resignation under circumstances which havo no parallel in tl..- colonies, if any where under constituli .:ial Government And now tho ole tun are asked by those renegades and thoir abet tors to reject tho men who stopped forward and undertook to carry on the Governmout of the colony at a period of unexampled difficulty, and who have msintained their position intact in defiance of the grossest and most per sistent misrepresentation. Should tlio electors bo bo lost to all sense of self preservation as to placo the present Ministry in a minority in tho House of Assembly, that would inevitably replace in power the chief members of the house breaking and roncgado Ministry, wh0 bolted from office in July—' fled,' ijk0 the consciously guilty, ' when no man pursueth.' Hut the people are not dta nosed to roward 'perfidy in thia too liberal manner. Tlioy ore determined that useful progressive legislation shall not be postponed for an indefinite poiiod — positively for another year at least ?bould the traitorous Administration be armod with power to reaumo the offices hoy abandoned in their abjept terror. 