OUR HOME LETTER. Concluded from last week. Loudon, May 11. THE COlniAitDER-m-CHIEF aua lus relations to the War Office have been I the subject o£ some comment lately. Many im- J portent details of Lord Cardwell's organization i scheme were not, it is well known, highly \ approved of by His Grace. One important feature of that schemc was the closer local and ! administrative association of the line and militia, j the assimilation of their uniform and equip- j merits, the complete amalgamation of each pair of locally-associated line battalions, and the placing of the future officers upon one list for promotion and service in the brigade. In 1873 the General Order prescribing these changes Was issued by the Duke as Commander-in Chief and in the Queen's name; and in 1S76 when interrogated as a witness upon the sub ject before Mr. Stanley's Committee, the Duke said that he condemned the policy of that order, that it had never been acted upon, and he hoped it would never be acted upon. Then two questions naturally arose-" "VThy did not His Koyal Highness resign rather than issue an order he thus decidedly disapproved of?" or " Why, while retaining office, did His Eoyal Highness infringe an order issued under his own hand ?" To the last question the answer is that the cir cumstances for which the order was designed have not yet arisen; it has never been required, and consequently never disregarded. The other question discussed (says the Times), namely, the apparent anomaly of the Duke of Cambridge I issuing an order while disapproving of it, I brings up the consideration of the real posi I tion, officially and personally, of His Royal I Highness. Technically ai>d officially the Duke is simply a general officer, occupying the highest Dosition on the staff of the army. From this point of view his status is very much that of fie permanent head of a great department, ac- , quaiuted with traditions and regulating internal details, whose advice and experience are at the disposal of his political chief, who in such matters possesses an undivided authority, as he is bound by an undivided responsibility to Par liament. When views contrary to the per manent official's own are ultimately adopted it i is not for him by any official act to express lii« disapproval, but to do his part by carrying these views into effect, and when differences of opinion prevail between the political and the permanent, administrator they ought not to come before the public. The one exception to this rule is when the permanent officer is called upon to give evidence before a Parliamentary or other public Committee, when he is bound to give his whole opinions, and it was while in this position that the Duke expressed hisviewsrespectingtheGeneralOrder of 1873, which has been met with an uncertain wnount of deny» ftddg tta Titnu, \ *^\2£*2ud u,° tuirt «uwly efflet&l; vl«w,tAejpt^<mt .OommftHdcNtt'OhtefhwiwiuB pcrsoiull&to; occupy tlwt tho advantage of '?kWb'>v*%:«|iij» of UU ui open to tentftrk both a* ftyfeftjii ^be lutehsw, dt fiie public m the oue ffiud tuftl ills ttoyW HlfihiieMM Individual »j]i£ refutation oil tho oihtr. Jfcoia ItJ* ewitwl utwUiou, LU, clo»o reUtlotMhlj) to the sevei^jah, Hi* uusitr parnvd foiowtadge of ittis ittfifatsiini, RuaJiit per 5fM»\ and good. M«Mri uie jWke of OklnbndM }MMn«Mmi mi tuflu«uc« far beyond that which would belouij tonnvoUifci' general' officer filling the wuiie pltuM; fe«4 he baa there for* eomo to be regarded U ft political personage-«n a Minister, in fact, like «omoof his predeooMOM, rather than a* n staff ofllccr. The P^WIo will nrolmbly Iw satisfied If expressions vdi opinion do not result in Ofllcial^lwtruction or- passive resistance io those measures which tho responsible War Minister may from time to time consider advisable. TIUJ HOTAt. ACADEMY nXUIBtTIOM makes on the whole a favourable impression, and without much emphasis or enthusiusm may be pronounced a good one. It shows a slight advance in tho number of its exhibits-1539 over that of last year-1523 ; aproposof art, 1 xnay mention that Mr. Albert Grant's collection of pictures was sold by auction about ten days ago and realised £106,000, or one-third less than the price he originally paid for them. TUB BDIJOBT was discussed on the 12th, just as the last mail was about to leave. With its main features you are doubtless already ac quainted, so I need not recapitulate them here. I may add, however, that there is a general spirit of relief, to say the least of it, to hear that the Chancellor expects to balance the nation's accounts during the current year without any fresh imposition or ''rearrangement." The long-continued depres sion of trade shows as yet so few signs of revival. The liveliest estimate I have seen taken of our position has been in these words: " Though our commerce is still suffering from the rashness and inexperience of many of our chief customers, and is just now embarrassed by the general uncertainty of political prospects, its energies and its resources are unabated." THB TERBITOBIAI. WATERS JURISDICTION BILL was introduced to meet the difficulty created by the judgment in the famous Pranconia case, where you will remember the British Govern ment disclaimed jurisdiction. The Bill lays down the principle that the portion of the high seas which lies within a distance not exceeding three miles from the seacoast of any territory subject to Her Majesty is part of Her Majesty's dominions, and jurisdiction is to be exercised accordingly. Objection was taken to this three mile limit by- most of the speakers on the ground that it would lead to endless complica tions with foreign Governments, and chiefly for that reason and on the understanding that the opinion of other countries on the subject would be ascertained it was agreed to leave the subject in the bands of Government, " and the Bill was withdrawn. THE NEWSPAPER BEGISTBATION BILL. was the occasion of a long-expected scene with Dr. Kenealy. The object of the Bill was to compel the registration not only of the printer and the publisher but also of every proprietor in the United Kipgdom* and it was pretty generally known that it was the characteristic amenities of the Englishman and the dodges by which all responsibility for them was evaded which moved Mr. Waddy to bring in bis measure. It would have been more judicious had the Doctor stayed at home; but it was the height of indiscretion, however, for him to mingle in the discussion, and especially to take the tone of injured and indignant innocence. There was some laughter when he declared that he had never been a libeller, and when he went on to say that he had always been out spoken there was an ironical cheer. It came loudest from the corner of the bench close to the bar, where there were sitting two of his old enemies-Mr. Sullivan and Major Dixon, of Dover-who turned the tables on him with such terrible effect when he ventured to complain of the leniency shown to Colonel Baker. The doctor lost his balance altogether when he heard this cheer, and went off in a burst of rant, boasting that if he had been a "coward and slave" he never would have been ruined, and that he would not be deterred from speaking the truth by any manifestations which might proceed from that " miserable quarter." Mr. Sullivan revenged himself by as scathing a bit of satire as Dr. Kenealy's worst enemies could have wished for his punishment. I have only known the "coward and liar," Mr. Sullivan sai<!, in the honourable profession of journal ism to which I belang. Of course all eyes turned to the member for Stoke, while Mr. Sullivan went I «n to observe that ne himself had owned four journals, and always stuck his name in the | imprint; but if he had been one of those " wretches*' who shirked responsibility he would have put at the head of his paper, "Edited by Sullivan," and somebody else's name in the imprint. The implication was so skil fully conveyed that the Speaker could not interfere. The division, which ended in the rejec tion of the Bill, was over, when Mr. Sullivan, pale as a ghost, rose in his place and complained that " Dr. Kenealy had addressed him in the lobby and finished up a short conversation by calling him a liar." Dr. Kenealy admitted the fact, and having retired, the House decided that he ought to apologize. The Doctor did so, but when the fever of the incident died awav it was generally admitted that Mr. Sullivan outran the limits of legitimate invective; and it is now the opinion that the Speaker ought to have in tervened to stop this .new precedent of vitupe ration by implication. PABLIASIENTABY BEPOBTS. An amusing grumble has been got up by the House of Commons on its own behalf. A good many members, it seems, were displeased with the inadequacy of the present system of Par liamentary reporting, and a Select Committee was moved for to consider the expediency of providing official reports of the debates. Of course the matter had its comical side, but things began to look serious when Mr. Glad stone held that a prima facie case for enquiry had been made out. Newspapers, he held, being commercial concerns, had no obligation but to cater for the public taste, and could not be ex pected to furnish a complete record of every thing which happened in the House or to report those secondary subjects which did not so much interest the public, though it was important that a full record of these should be preserved. He feared the public anxiety to read the debates of Parliament was not so keen as it used to be, ?for 40 years ago there were four papers which reported Parliamentary debates fully, while now there were not more than two. Mr. Bright also, though once opposed to official reports, was now inclined to favour such a scheme, because he held that reporting was worse thin itnsed to be and must go on getting worse. Advertise ments were more profitable to newspapers than the most brilliant Parliamentary speeches, and the exigencies of early trains, &c.;, compelled the papers to omit all reports of what occurred after midnight. Sooner or later therefore the j House would be compelled itself to furnish the public with reports of its proceedings, and he did not believe that it would add to the length j of speeches. The Chancellor of the Exchequer opposed the motion. Who was to be responsible, he enquired, for official reports, and' how far I were members to be allowed to correct their speeches ? Official reports would tend to mul tiply speeches addressed in the American style to constituents,.not to the House, but the news papers, he suggested, might consider among themselves some organization for improving the reports. The War Secretary, the Marquis of Hartington, and others also expressed them selves unfavourably towards the proposal, and the motion was negatived by 152 to 128. The discussion and the sentiments expressed caused a good deal of derision out of doors. In the language of the Times the British public has lost much1 of its interest in Parliamentary debates. They do not pay. The rail and the electric wire brings everything that happens in a deluge of information after midnight, the whole world comes into immediate competition with the House of Commons, and if a speaker is to be reported in full he must eclipse the human race in interest and attractiveness. Full official reports would never do. " Hansard" him self, it is hinted, would not object to disesta blishment on fair terms! THE HOME RULE debate attracted more interest than it might otherwise have done, on account of the result of the Salford election. Mr. Kay, Q.C., the Liberal candidate, pledged himself to vote for the enquiry into Home Rule, and no distinct repudiation of his views was issued by the Liberal leaders during the canvass. The result of the election was that by 8,642 votes to 8,372 Colonel Walker, the Conservative, was returned. The result was rather unexpected, but the defeat of the Liberal candidate was attributed by the Liberals to his unfortunate pledge to the Home Rulers, while the Conserva tives naturally claimed the result as a deliberate approval by an important constituency of the general policy of the Government, and that was the sense in which it was accepted by the Times. The immediate result decidedly enhanced the interest attached to the impending discussion, while at the same time it dissipated the in fluences wliich it was feared would enable the cure for the woes of Ireland. The subject wai introduced Into the Houserf Commons -in th« formibl a demand for a Select Oommifcteeto enquire into the nature, extent, and mtujob of the deMod madeby a large prop^tjon of the. Irish people fat the £qyt6tfltion to Zbilatod<ff «£'* XrUh^ Parliament, %|th power to Control the Internal affairs of thpknnntry>y'tS£ Butt para tlitaged this statement by explaining that the rt«h,Parliament'should jtel with looaljftfalrs, including education, ao&thftt; the Imperial Par liament Bhould have exclusive cognizance of foreign affairs, pSace and war, and Other imperial concerns, jfhe arguments adduced by Mr. Shaw in favour or his motion-urapfcneither new nor brilliant. He urged that the Imperial Parliament! lacked the time, the knowledge, and' tike capacity' to legislate for Ireland^ being unable to aeal, for; instance, with University education; while the Acts which it had pawed, such.- as the Public Health A6t and the IAnd Act, had not been found fitted for the objefetsat which the^ aimed. The independent powers to manage its own affairs would stimulate the material prosperity of the country, for at present Mr. Shaw main tained Ireland was not prospering. As a Pro testant he had no fear of Roman Catholic tyranny, for religious bigotry was dying -out in Ireland. In conclusion, be offered the question as part of a future Imperial policy for the Liberal party. Decidedly the moat able and argumentative speech in reply was that of Mr. Forster, whose sagacious and statesmanlike handling of the question is highly spoken of. Suppose Home Rule to be granted, he said,' there will then be three Parliaments side by side with the Imperial Parliament. To define the respective spheres of the local and Imperial Legislatures will require a Statute-in other' words, our ancient historic Constitution is to be exchanged for a written Constitution, with all its inconrenieoces. There must also bo some body to interpret this written Constitution, and either we must have recourse to the American system of a Supreme Court, or to the Austro Hungarian plan, by which the Emperor's despotic will decided all differences between the two countries. He further pointed out that Ireland would no longer have the same interest in the colonies and in India, and that Irish members would not have the same influence iu Imperial politics. Al though be was ready to consider any suggestion for saving the time of Parliament by enlarging the functions of the local authorities all over the country, he was not prepared to sanction this attack on ths integrity of the Empire, Mr. Shaw's resolution was negatived by 417 to (57. Thirteen English members supported the motion; no Scotch member did so. I fear the hope expressed by so many of the speakers that we have heard the last of the proposal is too sanguine. Home Rule is a hardy annual. THE BURIALS BILL introduced into the House of Lords by the Duke of Richmond and Gordon has tapped a fruitful source of discussion, and the agitation will no doubt reach its climax when the Bill comes to be discussed in the Lords. The con cessions which the Bill makes to the Noncon formists are very moderate indeed, and have been accepted in a spirit of something less than thankfulness. The Bill will have a hard time of it in the House of Commons, and with the facilities which the Home Rule obstructives afford for paralyzing business it would not be difficult to Bettlethe Bill altogether. The Go vernment, on the other hand, seem bent on carrying the measure, and probably some of the breeziest work of the session will occur in Com mittee. The.representatives of the various dis senting .bodies are unanimous in asserting that the Bill cannot be accepted as a;.final or satis factory settlement of the question. ALLEGED FAILURE OF THE IBISH LAND BILL., Ingratitude is the mildest word which can be applied to to those Irish members of Parliament who, from enthusiastic admirers of Mr. Glad stone's legislation, have veered round, and are now busy denouncing it. The CDonoghue is not much of an authority, it is true, upon any subject except, perhaps, the difference between Scotch and Irish whisky-a matter which, by the-by, has not been entirely expiscated. Ths motion on which the hon. member made a characteristic speech was to the effect that further steps should be taken for protecting Irish tenants against rack-renting and eviction. One gentleman who supported the motion de precated the use of the term "fixity of tenure." which had cropped up in the course of the dis-. cussion, but advocated a mode of settlement by which tenants would be fixed on the soil by leases renewable for ever. The discussion took place on the 27th April, and on the 1st of May a Committee of the House of Commons was, on the motion of Mr. Shaw Lefevre, appointed to enquire into the operation of the " Bright clauses" of the Land Act, under which tenants had certain facilities given to enable them to acquire their holdings in property. What help the Committee will give to the settlement of this vexed question, or whether it will contri bute one iota towards that desired end, remains to be seen. VIVISECTION. has not dropped out of the list of our annual sensations, and on the ground that the Act of last year was inefficient a new Bill on the subject was introduced on the 4th inst., the gist of which lay in the 4th section, by which it was proposed to forbid all cruel operations even with anaesthetics except for the purpose of alleviating pain or curing the injured animal. There was hardly any repetition this year of that brilliant attack and defence of scientific men which the discussion of last year's Bill occasioned, although a good many of the details of the speeches delivered on that occasion were reproduced this year with variations. It was stated by Sir H. Selwyn Ibbetson that the Act of last year his been effectual for its purposes, and that the physiologists have exhibited a hearty desire to carry out its provisions not only in letter but in spirit. The absolute and entire prohibition of the practice is an end which will never be reached. In the course of the debate a Scotch member of Parliament mentioned that the late Sir James Y. Simpson, of Edinburgh, obtained from Dr. Playfair, M.P. (at that time Professor of Chemistry in the University), substances to test as anaesthetics, and once he obtained a substance which was tried on rabbits which awoke without exhi biting any bad effects. It was arranged that Sir James and his assistants should try the experiment on themselves the next day, but it was then found that the rabbits were dead. The sacrifice of a few rabbits was therefore the means of saving the invaluable life of Sir James Y. Simpson and the lives of his assistants. ROTAL LITERARY FUND. At the 88th anniversary dinner of the fund, held on Wednesday, Lord Derby took occasion to make some remarks on the prospect of Eng lish literature. We were a reading nation, and compared to Continental countries the demand for literary productions was something enormous. As to the quantity of literature of a fairly high class, there was no doubt the only question one ever heard asked was whether the quality was equal to the quantity. Upon that point he thought they must not be unreasonable. Many a work might do good service in its time, even although that time was short. In regard to ths compara tively small portion of literature destined to survive he did not think it would prove inferior to that which had gone before it. The works" .which recorded the manners and feelings of the private life of our age will in his opinion, not only bear comparison with, but may fairly claim superiority over anything of the same Kina written in preceding times. CHURCH AND STATE have given us a fair share of controversy -within the past few weeks. The rumour that Mr. Tooth had resigned the living of St. James's, Hatcham, has been contradicted by that gentle man, so we shall have him back again in due course. An influential portion of the High Church party have entered upon a course the conclusion of which it is difficult to foresee. Their aim at present is to avoid any alteration which may be made in the conditions and cir cumstances of the Church by the will of Parlia ment alone, and that no steps ought to be taken by which any matter affecting the worship and faith of the Church of England would be carried into Parliament, especially at the present time. Complete spiritual independence is the gist of such a movement. Dean Stanley is the spokes man of quite another order of clerical states manship, and protested against the assumption that the assent of Convocation was necessary before there could be any ecclesiastical legisla tion in Parliament. While he was ready to admit the inconvenience of Parliament legislating upon matters actually in dependence before the House, the tremendous difference in principle which the two positions imply has not been overlooked by observers here. The unreasona bleness of the claim, to say the least of it, put forward by the High Church party, is the more wonderful when we consider that Parliament has not, at least for many a year, endeavoured to enforce changes affecting the worship of the Church without the consent of Convocation. It was not an unfitting prelude to the May meetings of the different denominations that the Triennial Conference of the LIBERATION SOCIETY commenced its sittings on the last day of April. There was not too much to be thankful for in the way of work actually accomplished. Scot land was selected as the happy hunting-grounds, towards which the efforts of the Society are in ^tbSBtictdietif fftbfe/to directed. P&hapk; tUd meeting 4na wore' remarkable for its strictly political feeling tbu for .nydiapUv own <ad irft ' ~wHchtHejaenlldnm~Hk Gladstone^ aMlils famous notations warf"jgreeted wna sinificant. The BafKblishe^Li^iffob in the m«mtime is ? prpgcnttng an VMDtnen front toarardjSiiis par ticular aspect* of 0hu≪^,ttdtitic8, land Mr. Oram's new IJU1 for the establishment of four ney bishopricRan England-one at Liverpool, a segbnd at H^if&x; or Wakefield, a jthird at Nbttinglmm/find a fourth faF^e^CIounty MorthumpmmwJ^- is her j?r&ticarrejiSiionse; e J tjfhhavals IN SCOTLAND. , Considerable commotion ha* been cawed both in Scotland and England by the action of the English Episcopdian congregation* <in the formercouutry in-securing^ Bishop aljl to them selves. T/fobo>dy is yerfM&k; in pointof num bers, although it owns among its adherents some men of*wesjth andposition. Various endeavours have^ro Wtime to time been made to induce them to amalgamate with the Scotch Episcopalians, but iieither moral suasion nor coercion could induce them to do so. The feeling between the sects at present is very bitter, and the contagion has passed the Border. Bishop Beckles, who has acepted the superintendence of the English Episcopalians, was formerly in Sierra Leone, but at the time of his nomination held an office in St. Paul's Csthedral; and the Bishops of the Scotch 'Episcopalian Church have induced their brethren in the English Establishment to discountenance Bishop Beckles and his pro ceedings. The latter, however, means to stick, to his guns, but the matter has led to an amount of " clerical" language in the papers .which has been quite astonishing. Although' the Bishop has held bis first confirmation in Scotland and formally announced bis acceptance of the charge, efforts are still being made to induce him to alter his mind, or failing that" to get quit of him otherwise. Both efforts will probably fail. The famous heresy case against Professor Robertson Smith, of Aberdeen, for his articles on the inspiration of the Scriptures in the Encyclopedia britannica is likely to come to a point shortly, the Aberdeen Presbytery having resolved to push the matter forward so as to have the case ripe for the consi deration of the Free Assembly, which is to meet in Edinburgh towards the end of this month. I bear there exist wide differences of opinion in the Free Ohurch concerning Professor Smith, and the case is not likely to be easily settled. Some slight shocks of earthquake were reported from Oban, Argyleshire, about a fortnight ago, but nothing serious. ftOYAL GEOGRAPHICAL SOCIETY. At a meeting of the Council of the Royal Geographical Society, held 23rd April, the Boyal Medal was awarded to Captain Sir George S. Nares, R.N., for having commanded the Arctic Expedition of 1875-6, and for his geographical services in command of the Challenger Expedi tion; and to Pundit Main Singh, for having added a greater amount to our positive know ledge of the map of Asia, particularly in the Thibetan and Himalayan region, than any indi vidual of our time. A gold watch with an appropriate inscription was at the same time awarded to Captain Markham, E.N, for having commanded the northern division of sledges in the Arctic Expedition of 1875-6, and for having planted the Union Jack in 83° 20' 28" N,-a higher latitude than had ever been reached by any previous expedition. THE CATTLE FLAtft®. "About three weeks ago an Order in Council was passed by which the Privy Council have assumed the power of exercising the whole functions of the local authorities throughout the police district of the metropolis. Since March 28 there have been three outbreaks of cattle plague in London on 22 different pre mises. The number of stock in these was 462, and 85 had been attacked. It is hoped the disease is diminishing. In the 22 cases men tioned 14 animals had died, 71 diseased animals and 376 healthy animals had been killed, and only one healthy cow remained alive. Con siderable alarm exists among the owners of stock, and there is a strong movement on behalf of the agricultural interest in favour of strong measures to prevent the proposal that all cattle should be slaughtered at the ports of embar kation except such as are intended and entered as store stock, and that such live stock so entered shall be admitted only under regulations of strict quarantine and inspection at ports of landing. The result of the Orders in Council, at least so far as the metropolitan cattle market is concerned, is that much uncertainty and disquietude prevails in the trade, and, as a consequence, only pressing needs are supplied. The provincial reports are not reassuring. Quo tations are difficult to obtain and to a great extent untrustworthy. The want of buyers is keenly felt, and at some places trade is quite at a standstill. THE TTNFORTUNATE NOBLEMAN now languishing in prison has been " demon strated'1 about lately. On April 17 a great meeting was held in Hyde Park, and a resolu tion that the trial and conviction of the Claimant constituted an infraction of the law was carried by 50,000 to 1. Mr. De Morgan, who was at the head of it all, then proposed, in accordance with his programme, to march with his friends to the bar of the Souse of Commons to demand a hearing, and a good many people assembled to see the fun. The proceedings went off, however, very quietly, Mr. De Morgan and a few of his friends, who were admitted to the lobby of the House, being informed through the medium of Mr. Whalley that the Home Secretary would receive a deputation on the subject on the following day. This was accord ingly granted, and from the report of the inter view it appears that the actual cost of the trial has not, in the opinion of the convict's friends, been fairly published. The answer of the Secretary of the Treasury to Mr. Whalley in the House of Commons, that the total cost of the trial, including everything, amounted to £60,000 odd, ought, one would have thought, to have been conclusive on the point; but there is no pleasing some people. the TRADE of THE UNITED STATES. The influence of the war upon the commerce and industry of the United States has been variously estimated here. In some departments there is no doubt a spurt has taken place. Statements have been made to the effect that Turkey has received over 300,000 stand of arms from the Providence Tool Company within the past two years under a contract to furnish 500,000 Peabody guns-a breech-loading rifle similar to the Martini-Henry. The Turks have contracts with various firms in that country for 200,000,000 rounds of metallic cartridges, while Russia, it is Btated, has also received a good supply of arms from America. Statistics have also been adduced to prove that the war has given a filip to the corn trade, while the tremendous increase in imports of American beef has created quite a sensation of itself. All this activity could hardly pass without remark, and the Times had a leader last week containing some things which could hardly be palatable to some of our American cousins. " There is one part of the world," said the paper, " in which the war now commenced between Russia and Turkey is viewed with almost unlimited satisfaction. The Americans perceive that the wider the field the greater the waste, the more there will be for tts to do, and the more for us to sell. Let it be allowed tnat tne traae in corn, in provisions, and in army and navy stores becomes suddenly stimulated. "What then? It will be simply that those trades have received an accidectal, an artificial, and an unwholesome stimulus; and that whenever peace is made, as it must be sooner or later, the temporary fabric of Ameri can commerce will collapse, and tiie end will be worse than, the beginning. There could not be a greater illusion than to suppose that war can at any time or to any nation, however free from the danger of being entangled in it, be a real benefit. A trade which depends upon a state of war between Russia and Turkey is not safe from month to month, still less from year to year. The Americans would do better to look at home than abroad; hopes founded on the necessities of a European war can only encounter the ais- | appointment which, we must needs add, they deserve." All this our friends may say is envy, but really the Americans have been too eager to grasp at the first signs, as they thought, of a re vival in trade, altogether regardless of its source. The general aspects of commerce in other branches remain unchanged. ! 