a considerable Rmoimfcof instruction, \ and even some amusement, jnay be gleaned from a perusnl 6f the financial statement for. the year ending the 30th -June lust. -.During that .period the state rqceivecl tlie large amount of £4,512,907 2s, 9d., and expended £4,671,800 0s. fid. The apparent de ficiency arose from certain sums which lidd been advanced, partly on account of the Loira Act, and pnrtly ! to . othei'V Go,- vemmonts for various purposes, and there was an actual surplus on.( the 'jrea'rs of £55,893- .34s.' . The tional income is ' made ' up of ' a number of items, ' but,, the 'only' sums which can bo said . to j accrue, from taxation - are those received from the customs and excise, which amount to £1 ,7 58,09.1 7s.f br forty shillings per head for each member of the community, which, is as nearly as possible the same- proportion which prevails in the United .Kingdom, where in 1-875 a population of31>G3S,338 paid under the head of customs, excise, stamps, land, property and income, taxes amounting to £0.1,977,000, 'i'he j national x estate yielded to -the colonists of Victoria the respectable sum of £1,020,011 18s. 3d:j andtliepublic works realised £1,082,021 1 8s. -3d. Some of our investments seem to prove, remunerative, while others make a wretched show. Thus the rail ways returned £983,03,1, and tho Yan Yean £77,405, while the water supply to the goldfields only realised £33623 ; the iifty-ton crane on the Ynrra-bank earned £113 10s. 7d., a sum scarcely ' sufficient to defray tlie cost of the neces sary .grease, and tho revenue from the Alfred Graving Dock amonnted to bht £4085. Tlie revenue from tlie harbors was £22,104 ; from the Post Oflice, £209,213 ; foes brought £107, S48; Ones, £1810; and miscellaneous receipts, £1 IS, 550. An analysis of this last item tenches us certain unpleasant truths. The earn ings of the Government Printer were £9112, while tlio expenditure was £39,793 ; the penal establishment re turned £11,153 for tlie £61,049 which it cost ; aud Hint, white elephant, tlie Alint, earned only £7659 in oxchango for tho £20,000 which is paid to it every year under a special arrangement with- the Imperial Government.' Tho expenditure is divided under two heads, the special appropriations under acts of Parliament, and the sums annually voted by tiie Legislature. Tlie former now amounts to the large sum of £1,717,150, of which £1,665,420 was actually expended hist year. .The principal items are — Interest on loans, £772,398; the endowment of munici palities, £310,000, and tbo railway construction account, £300,000. The balunco is mudo up of tlie saluries of tho Governor, judges, Ministers, mem bers of Parliament, pensions, and a large number' of Bmnll sums which in tlie aggregate aro very large. Tho ex penditure in tlie various departments of tlio Government amounted to £2,917,422 for salaries and con tingencies. Some of 'the items which make up this large amount are rather mousing. 'Thus, it cost' tlio State £1-1 to sond a Madras woman to Bombay, and £16 to forward a distressed seaman to London. The misplaced zeal of the gallant defenders of their country cost the State £17 10s., the value of two cows accidentally shot at the Kruerald- hlll butts ; and the colony rtmdo a pre sent to A lgerin of sotne seeds of tlm i?\lcnlyptu9 ficil'olia.,' valued at thirty shillings. What was the Baron Von MuEMtnti about to miss such an oppor- tunity of getting another order '( A comparison of tho incomo of Vic toria with that of Now South Wales will servo to point a moral if it docs not adorn a tale. The rovenuo of Now South Wales oxceedod that of Victoria by £1,203,718, although this coloi# has a larger population by one-third than its neighbor. This groat excess avisos, from tlio enormous land rovenuo of Now South Wales, which amounts to ono-hnlf of tlio total incomo, while in Victoria tho public estate does not pro duco much more than one-fifth. Wo raise onb-third of our revonuo from- taxation, New South Walos only one- fifth, In both colonies the greater proportion of tlio taxation is collected at tho Custom II oil so, tho amount derived from other tnxes boing one-fifteenth in Victoria and one-tenth in Now South Wales. In that colony the publioans' licences, amounting to £102,304, go to tho consolidated revenue, instead of, as with us, to the local bodies, and we have direct taxation in tho Bliape of succession duties anil taxos upon bank notes which realise £71,351, items of revonuo unknown in tho sister colony. Victoria derives £.34,703 per annum from the excise duty upon colonially-manufactured spirits, while New South Wales only receives £9979 from that source. Singularly enough, the revonuo from spirits is steadily declining with our neighbors, ns so long ago as 186G it amounted, upon the authority of the Sydney Herald, -to £22,054 per annum. The total customs taxation of Victoria exceeded that of New . South Wales by 3s. lid. per capita ; or, in other words, while, the amount paid in indireot, tax ation in .this 'colony 5b 40s, per head, our noighb'orB. contribute about'.! 36s. And this "'sffiair/difierence, amount ing '.s to"- not'itamore than 10 per cenf,,-rnakeaitho 'dtstinctioni. according to some of our 1 critics,' , "betwoen free-ttade v.and protection. Thirty-six shillings a head of Customs duties ex cites the admiration of the (,'obden Club I Forty shillings per head exposes the people who are so dreadfully taxed, to the horrors of an effete fiscal policy ! What a niighfcy difference a small per centage Reems to cauBe. The .truth iR that, notwithstanding all the nonsense that has been spoken and written upon the subject, tlio tariff of New South Waleh is /not, bo very . different from that 'of Viotoria. Many important interests are protected, and the so-called free- trade, for. which Sir Henry iPaekEs lias been so - much bepraised, is nothing .- more . nor . . less.. . . than a mnolr- greater reliance upon the land revenue, which is nothing but nn annual .diminution of tlie natiipil capital, without any retnrn.eithor in the way of settlement. or' improvement, than would "liev considered prudent in Vic toria. In "this country wo live .upon .ouh-ihobihe.. . The New South Wales Government acts the part of tho spend- 'thrift, who sells a slice of his estate every year in order to provide for his annual expenditure. „ , It will he within the- memory of our readers that Bomo short time ago Mr. 8\. P. Lord, of this city, by tlie agency of Mr. Gidbert Roberts, took posses sion, on behalf of the A merican Govern ment, of- certain guano islands known ns the Lncepedes, on tiie north- west const of Western Australia. This was done by. virtue of a law of the United States which empowers an American citizen to take possession of any unin habited island upon which guuno de posits exist, providing that such island ibdistant more than three miles from foreign territory, and tliat no other power has ..gone through the procedure of formal . annexation. The power of acquiring territorial possession is by the law of, Great .Britain not delegated .to private, subjects of :Queon Victoria, but must bo performed by the captain of nn Imperial inan-ohwiir, or by some speciully appointed commissioner of tho Crown, acting under specific instruc tions. The - Government of Western Australia, prior to the action taken . by M r. 8. P. Lord; had issued a licence to a Melbourne shipping firm to load their vessiils with the guano with which the islands' abound, for the purpose of selling it in tlio neighboring colonies. Wlien Mr. Loud took tlie step of plant ing the American ilng upon the Lace- pede'-v 'Islands, tlio Government of Western Australia naturally protested, contending that proximity and prior occupation by their licensees wero suf ficient grounds for tliem to claim tlio oivnershipi of thiB dobatonblr)'1 land." The representatives of the Mel bourne firm, whom Mr. ItoniciiTS'found in possession on liis arrival at the islands, refused to acknowledge his authority, and exhibited their contempt for the position lie had assumed by simply lowering tlie Stars and Stripes lie had hoisted. Mr. Loni) communicated with Mr. Robinson, her Majesty's re presentative in Western 'Australia, and demanded that his claim should be allowed. Mr. Roiunson, knowing, of course, that even if Mr. Lord's rigont was the first to take formal possession of tlie islands, he, as a British subject, could not legally act in such a matter on behalf of a foreign power, refused to recognise any annexation on tlie part of the American Government. Mr. Lord re ferred the whole of tho proceedings to the American Foreign Office at ' Washington. M r. Evarts, the Ameri can Secretary of Stato for Foreign Affairs, bus, wo understand, dealt with tlie case, nnd communicnted his decision' to the Secretary of Stato for the Colonies in (London, and to tlio other parties concerned. He declines, on behalf of the American Government, to accept the responsibility of annexa tion which Mr. Lord desired to thrust upon it. While acknowledging the right of the United States to take pos session of desoluto islands outside tho prescribed distance from inhabited ter ritories, ho states that it -whb never intended to apply to islands to, which any adjacent Government laid claim, oven if formal possession hud not been taken of them ; und certainly that it was nevo.r intended to apply to terri tory the relations of which to aomo other power were Himilar to those exist ing between Western Australia and the Lacepfido Islands. Mr. Evarts is to bo complimented upon the despatch lie lias exhibited in dealing with this matter, and upon tlie desire evinced by his de cision not to take udvuntago of u moid technical formality to tho projudico of tv dependency of Great Britain. Tiie English estimates, 1377-78, for military purposes in tlio colonies, pre sented to the Imperial Parliament in its present, session by her Majesty's command, constitute a document 'which ifc behoves us to examine carefully, innsmuoh as' tho fair fame of the colo nies for independence, aud ibr paying their way, is, in connection therewith, continually being blackened by poll- tioians who seek to win tho good grucra of tho British taxpayer. Tbo sum asked for in tbo present year is £1,769,057, whilo tho amount of the colonial contributions to bo. paid into tiie exchequer is only £236,650, leav ing an apparent balanco of £1,532,400. Beginning with tho Australian colo nies, it is satisfactory to find that not a shilling is clinrgoablo ngninst Victoria, Now South Wales, Quocnsland, South Australia, Tasmania, or Now Zealand, and consequently there is no repay, mont. Western Australia is debited with a sum of £16,505, and yet, strango to say, there is not a singlo soldier in the colony. In tlio days of convictism, now happily becoming old nnd forgotten, n numhor of pensioners woro sont out to keep tlie felonry in check. '1'lieRe pensioners remain, and the bargain made with tlrem by the Homo Govern ment entails tho expenditure which figures in tlio estimates. What that bargain was does not now matter. The colonists had no voice in the making of it, nnd they have nothing to do with its fulfilment. Tlio pensioners are now dying oil at, a rate which reduces the amount by about £1500 a year, a rate which is likely to increase, so that an early extinction of the chargo may lie looked for. That tlio pensioners occupy nn exceptional position is evident from the fact that it is the only force on the roll which coats nothing for clothing. Tim amount actually paid to tbo men is £10,500. There is no other similar body of men in tho whole ompiro. The estimnto for Fiji amounts to the modest sum of £2648, tlio smallest item in the list. Last yeiir it amounted to £4637, so timt it is likely to be ero long, extin guished. There are ninety-six men of all .ranks in tho little colony, and they, enjoy the distinction of being the only force thht costs ilia Home Government nothing for divine service or for mili tary Jaw. Another of their peculiarities is that they have no commissariat. Thin closes the Australian account. . The Mediterranean colonies, so cailod, figure, as a matter of course, for the largest nmounts — Malta for £344,344, and Gibraltar for £338,4 45. As these two stations are held for the defence of England as a European powr, it is not easy to understand'how their cost could have' been Ret down ha a charge for colonial defence. That there is not a shadow of an excuse for so doing is evi dent from the fact that the Maltese pay to England the sum of £5000 for the actual supposed service done' by the troops for their benefit. So far from England displaying any liberality or generosity in the matter, it must be evident. tbnt the exaction of . this Bmall tribute is a piece of downright mean ness. Tlie number of men in tho two fortresses is 10,060, the total in all the l'est of the British possessions being 14,035. J t would appear from this that the maintenance of tho English prestiye would cost a great deal mote if it were hot for the way in which friendly States, in the shape of colonies, ate scattered over the world. The North American colonies are as free as tho Australian from the charge of military dependence. Neither the Canadian Dominion nor Newfoundland appears in the list, but there is a charge of £132,166 for tlie maintenance of the Imperial garrison of jlalifax, nnd £171,019 for that of Bermuda. One of the characteristics of the former station is the expensiveness of its general staff, which is greater tlma that of either Malta or Gibraltar, nnd six times that of Bermuda, although' it has tlie smallest number of men under arms but that is a matter which does not concern us. 'That the North Ameri can stations are purely imperial gar risons is acknowledged, for no demand is made upon theni for a Subsidy, al though England lius the power of en forcing a contribution from Bermuua. ,tJio colonists uemg as nolpless as tuer -fellow-subjects in -Malta. 'The West Indian colonics, the Baha mas, and 1 1 Honduras form a charge on the estimates amounting in all to £184,922. This is the most question able item in tlie account. Tho force it \- represents appears to be useless either for imperial or colonial purposes, and it certainly should be reduced. Jt ap pears to bo kept up us a tradi tion, a legacy of the olil days of Blavery and plantcr- ascendancy. it should not be a -charge on the British taxpayer, unless, indeed, tlie men Rre really wanted should a war break out elsewhere, till which time they may as woll be kept in one place as another. Certainly they alioulil not. form li bnrden on the colonial taxpayer. That they are superfluous is evident from , the fiict that British Guiana, tlie largest of. this cla'aa of colonies, costs nothing. Tho same can be said of Trinidad,' which ranks next to Jnniaica in im portance. 'I'he West Indian garrisons are maintained, moreover, at an extrava gant expense, so that, oven if the main tiody be kept, tho pruning knife should be freely used among tlie ornamental branches. This is no doubt understood, for reductions aro continually being made, the saving on the present year as compared with the last being about £11,000. Instead of. taunting the colonists, who aro powerless in tiie matter, with their dependence, the process of reduction should be ac celerated. England's tropical possessions in Africa are colonies without colonists, and it can hurdly be held to be a re- proneh that the subject races do not pay for their own ooercion. It is not, there fore, a matter for surprise that Sierra Leone and Gambia cost £25,301, and the Gold Coast and Lagos £18,707 for their military establishments. Here, again, the question may fairly be asked whether these establishments are ne cessary. Wo cannot understand thai the 42 G soldiers at Sierra Leone aro re quired to defend tho 129 white settlers; nnd it would be preposterous to ask (lie hitter to pay for the former. AVe are here once more face to face with the ghost of an imperial tradition, and not with a colonial question at all. Tlio same may bo said of St. Helena, which can have no earthly use for an army, and yet is charged on the esti mates with £20,380 for tho maintenance of one. Tho South African colonies unfortu nately cannot dispense altogether with military aid, and in the present year, from causes operating beyond tiieir boundaries over which they have hud no control, tho expense is greater than usual. The estimated expenditure fpr the whole group is £208, 54S. The number of men is 3307, one thousand of whom are already in tbo Transvaal territory, it is impossible to fix ac curately the proportion fairly charge able to colonial and; imperial twjunt but as .tlio, Gape, in addition to the maintenance Df a local force, .is, paying a yeurly contribution of £10,000, and Nntnl givea another £3500, wo have no, light to H.wume tlmt cither party to tho bargain is i-hiirgenble with neglect or unfiiirnexs, Mauritian, v.- tiii- li lie- longn' geographiealiy .to .-Umth A t'rica, .pays tlio very enn.sideruhlH subsidy of £97,000, whilo Um rutin into of oxpcn- ilitiiro is £49,42.'.!. Moth amounts np- puar to bo excessive. Military inon, for what reason wo do not- know, liavo nlways attached importance to tlio island as a strategic jiosition ; and it is for this that the hnlaiico is charged to tho Knolish revenue. One thing is clear, that tho colonists pay ijuito enough. dhe Crown colonics of tho cast — O.ylon, Hong itong and -tho Straits Settlements, nro set down for a con- Bidorablo outlay, but they also pay dearly for what they get. Tho firsfc- nnmod actually refnndn more than is spout on Iter. She pays £1 21,000 into tho I'.ngiish Exchequer, and receives only 12»7 soldiers, at an expense to tho jnotkor country of £94,577. Tho littlo island ot lTong .Ivong is taxed to tho amount of £20,000, which must, he far more than its fair nhnrc of tho soldiers which England keopn in readiness for operations against China at a cost of £92,010. . Tito Straits (Settle ments furnish a tributo of no less than £50.150 for their share of a force which is estimated to cost £G9,-l'jO. As tho principal uso of this forco is to ntako war upon tho native princes of tho Malayan Peninsula, the . compulsory appropriation of so large an amount of tho colonial funds is little bettor thnn an act of piracy on tho part of her Maiestys Govormnent. On a full consideration of tlio whole case, as it is laid before us by tho authorities themselves, it is itnpossiblo to arrive at any other conclusion than that, so far from acting with liberality aiul generosity to the colonists, England drives a very hard bargain indeed with them, and there is reason to bclievd that thoro is not another power in Europe, with tho exception ot the Dutch, more niggardly in respect to this branch of oxpendituro. 