" 'BABE GOOD LUCK: A FORTUNE IN SEVEN STROKES. STROKE T3E FIFTH. THK HKST LTTCK IV ALT. THE WOULD. I. BY R. E. FRANOILLOX, Author of " Olympia," " Earl's Dene," "Zelda's Fortune," &c.; Wheu Amanda clanged the-door of the bear's cage behind her it was as if some'beautiful wild animal were escaping from its cage. Antelopes have, the same instinct of freedom as tigers, and would be as savage sometimes if they only had the fangs. She was now an antelope in the mood of a tiger. Nabuco had that morning learned what freedom means, and had taught it to her. The menagerie without Nabuco was no Ion rer a home for her, if it had ever been a home. Shs hated it all, and all that it contained, and she had been grasped with a passionate knowledge that all the wide world lay round her—the field, the sky, and the sea. She could not remain, and by her presence among the other animals impliedly pardon the cruel murder of Nabuco. And then there was this hideous stranger, whom she was bound to nurse and tend against her will— this Man. She could express all she meant in no stronger word. He, the first man, save the human machinery of the menagerie, that had ever spoken to her, the first who had ever, sive n the scarlet posters, called her beautiful, filled all her thoughts even as the murder of Nabuco inflamed all her soul. She felt no less terrified than enraged. « She was all one headlong impulse made up of unknown desires after freedom and a hundred other unheard-of things. Without wasting a moment in preparation, she opened the backdoor of the last of the moving train of caravans and let herself drop iuto the road. It was rather instinct than thought that saved her from being observed. She was not observed except by a grey parrot whose cage had been hung outside in the sunshine, and who was a great chatterer, but no tale-bearer. Once in the road she stood stock still till all the caravans were out of sight. Till then she did not feel as if she had quitted them. But when the parrot, the very extremity of the tail of the train, was fairly out of sight, she felt as if the whole world had quitted her. She sat down by the side of the road and cried—half for her forsaken self and half for the dead Nabuco. It was not likely she would be missed yet awhile, for there was to be no show that evening, and the menagerie was not due at Lyneham till next day. And now that she had cried her fill what was she to do ? She was half sorry that she could not climb into the caravan again; half glad that its distance had put such an ignominious return out of her power. Her heart was drawn towards the beasts, who were all her friends—away from human creatures, who were all her enemies. Had the choice been given her, attraction would certainly have prevailed; but no—she was free. And having once tasted freedom she could never have made her heart return. Though a constant traveller she had no kuowledge of travel; places were not so much as names, and one road was the same there. It did not matter where she went or how she got there. So she decided matters by going in the direction opposite to that of the caravan. Happily it was fine weather, indeed she would probably not have made her escape iu any other. The sun is the arch-tempter of runaways. When her tears were quite dry it was certainly a glorious sensation, as glorious as it was new, to feel herself her own mistress, and therefore niir-tress of the world. If she only had Nabuco by her side! In an hour the other beasts— Ouiang-Outtaiu, Lion, Leopard, Tom, Mr. Mesliack and all—became half-forgotten memories, so many new thoughts anu sensations she passe 1 thiou&h; every moment. Even the bear aud the elephants, those patriarchal protests agaiust the otherwise universal mutability of things, became only a little less indistinct than the others. She was in one of those moods wheu even a turnip-field is beautiful, and a fieid not only of swedes but of joy. And welcome also for other reasons th m its beauty. She climbed over a hurdle aud furnished herself with a meal, and did not regret ore of those steaks that had proved fatal to Nabuco. It was a lonely road, and so much the better. But she was unused to walking, and after she had rambled on and on for some hours, aud the sun was low in the f-kv, t,he became aware of another new sensation. She felt very tired. And then it occurred to her for the first time that she must either sleep under a roof or else in the open air : and that to sleep under a roof she must find one, and must speak to strangers. She trembled at the very thought of a fellow - creature. It was not to exchange a world of birds and beasts for a world of men and women that she had ran away—rather to join her friends and comrades, the birds and beasts, in their world of solitude and liberty. That had not been her conscious thought but her inspiration. And now indeed she found that her old expei it-lice of human inferiority was even truer than she had ever believed. The rooks aud hawks pnd sparrows had a home in every tree, and the hares iu every hollow; they were superior even to chance turnip-fields for a meal. And now that she was really hungry she learned that tuniif.s are but an unsatisfactory substitute for steaks after all. And then the sun began to set, and then the wind to rise as well as the moon; and she began to think it was a glorious thing to he free—but only when the sun shone. Manvof us can look back to some childish age or childish mood when the beginning of a dark night on a lonely road suggested no definite fear of auy person or thing, but a feeling of unseen and impossible presences hardly to be distinguished from fear; when we have felt more prone to believe in goblins, fairies, and other creatures of old- fashioned fancy than common sense allowed, and not the less prone because we were quite ready to laugh at ourselves. Such freaks of twilight fancy are not w ithout their pleasures to many people. But they were not pleasant to the Lion Queen from Crim. Tartary. She had no common sense, no sense of humour, she had never before been wandei ing about at night, and the trick of the shadows was very real. The unseen presences and the inaudible sounds had it all their own way. She was afraid of Nothing; but then Nothing is the most formidable of all things. At last, however, she saw below her that most welcome of all sights to a tired and hungry traveller—the scattered lights of a large town. But that was worse than all. The sight of the lamps, looking as if a cluster of stars had just fallen out of the sky and lay on the ground for gathering, only turned her panic into something tangible. How was she to enter a town? What was she to say or do when she entered it Y What sort of people composed the shilling-paying swarm apart from menageries? If only she could hope that the town was inhabited by apes, she would have been at home then, and have entered boldly. As it was, her heart sank at the thought of her fellow- creatures iu the mass, and she turned away. She took a by-lane that looked tolerably free from the bewildering shadows of ghost-like hedges and trees. How terribly large the world grew now that she was alone in it!—it seemed to have no end. When she had travelled on a larger scale the world was small enough to be carried in half-a-dosen caravans and drawn through space by a dozed cart-horses; now all outlying space had turned into a world. She wanted to creep into a nut-shell—if she were only small enough to take refuge in a rabbithole 1 , " Good night* miss," said a passing labourer with country courtesy. She did not answer but took to her weary heels and ran on and on till she saw a lighted window and heard the sound of laughing and singing. She seemed stopped by humanity at every turn, and tbe worst of it was that she began to feel drawn to it in spite of her panic. Fear, however, still mastered her; to avoid passing the public-house she climbed over agate into a field. Here she found a shepherd's hut sufficiently like a nnt-sbell to creep into out of tbe wind and the wet—for it was beginning to rain. Hunger and «oid and the thoughts of N.'d:-.uo k< pt hoi- painfully awal:.% but f.-iHgue and youth sent her to sleep at last. She eight to have diesn.ed that she was a c: 0 'c-ham c£D3ry, wlw had been foolish enough to fly out of window, and was frightened at freedom and wanted to go home again. In fact, she dreamed of coffee and rashers of bacon. It was very early and very cold when she woke: the sheep were still asleep and the stirs still shining. She crept out of her hut, and crept off to look for another turnip-field. A few homs after daybreak she heard the sound of horses' hoofs in front of her. The faintness of hunger and weariness was now added to lier panic and increased it; for very weakness she was ready to starve rather than encounter the face of a man. The sight of a farm-labourer scared her off, as if she had really been some wild animal at large. But there was no escape for her now. If she went on she must meet the riders; if she went back they must overtake her. And, as ill fortune would have it, she was between high and thick hedges. So she was fairly trapped at last, and could do nothing but stand still, crouching back into the hedge as far as possible. Perhaps after all they might ride by and not see her. But so far from riding by they stopped. There were two—one a gentleman with a thick grey moustache, the other a handsome girl, the very ideal of a horsewoman, dressed in a hat aul riding habit, and with all the morning in her cheeks and eyes. They reined up suddenly right in frontof her; and—horror of all horrors ! —were about to speak to her. It was the gentleman who spoke these teirible words:— " Will you kindly tell us the way into the Boston-road ? "We have lost our way." She felt as if struck dumb. "The way to Roxton—can you tell me?" asked the gentleman again, while the young lady sat still and looked at her. " Don't you speak English?" he said after a pause, noticing no doubt her olive skin and large black eyes. " Yes. Bat I don't know the way to Roxton." " How provoking, Nancy! This comes of . taking short cuts—it's always the way. - Where does that road lead to—the way you're coming?" " I don't know at all." " No ? You're a stranger yourself ?" he asked, looking at her more sharply: though his look was less keen, Amanda thought, than the young lady's. " Where are you from ? You must be from somewhere, and so must the road." Don't speak so fiercely," said the young lady, touching,his arm with her Jiand, "I'm afraid she's ill. Where do you come from ?" she asked in a brusque manner which .sounded still more fierce in Amanda's ears. There are some people who carry in +heir voices the sound of the enchanted flute, which c ompelled all men to speak the truth even to their own hurt and against their own will. The young lady's voice was a little hard—in tone, like a challenge that puts everybody upon their honour. " From the menagerie," said Amanda. " From a menagerie ? You live at a menageiie—among lions aud tigers? Only think, papa—what a wonderful life to lead ! Wait a minute—I must ask her something. Are you really an English girl?" " I suppose so, madam." " You only suppose so ? Then Fm sure you are not. You are just like a Spaniard. One minute, papa—stop! What's the matter ? What are you crying for Amanda could no more have told than a child can tell why it cries. The young lady, who seemed to be no less odd than she was handsome, stroked and soothed her horse, who was tired of standing still, and said impetuously:— " Tel 1 me why you are crying. Are you not well V At last Amanda's fright aud pride both broke down. " I have been running away—I don't know what to do—I don't know where to go—I iave l.etu sleeping out of doors—I have eaten oihing but two raw turnips since yesterday n-orniiig. 1 thought I could live wild, like the i:ds, and I don't know how." " What ?—what an idea! I suppose they used o beat you at the menagerie ?" Oh, no—never! But—they've murdered Nabuco."' " I must have this out, papa, if I keep you till o-ruorrow. They've murdered Nabuco ? I know hey have—the opera, often; but who Is your Nabuco " The handsomest, the most beautiful, the entlest, the dearest Tiger that ever was born." " You're crying because you're hungry, aud tired, and lost, and because your tiger has been killed ?" u Yes, madam," sobbed Amanda. " Give me your purse, papa," said the young lady, as if to speak was, as a matter of course, to he obeyed. The gentleman gave it, as if to be spoken to by her was to obey. " Here," she said. " This will buy you sbmething better than turnips for dinner—you do look hungry indeed —and will take you home, if you're not extravagant, and if it isn't very far. You see we girls are not birds. Now, papa—Fm ready." " No!'" said Amanda. " Don't tell me to g<J back to the menagerie!"' " You'd better, my good girl, if it's your home,'" said the gentleman. My daughter is quite right—it doesn't do for young girls to go wandering about the country all alone." " Never!" said Amanda. " I'll die sooner. I can't live with people who've killed Nabuco." " Papa," said the young, lady, " she's telling the truth, and she's only a child. She must not be allowed to wander about alone." She frowned. " Blind what you are about, Nancy," said the gentleman in an undertone. " You'll be getting into a scrape with you're impulsiveness some day. Of course a girl like that ought not to tramp about the country alone. But who's to prevent her "I." " Nancy!" " Yes—I. I will not permit a child like that to tramp about, as you say, alone. You know what happens when I say I will, papa. I said I will go to Egypt before—you remember; and Fm goiDg." " In heaven's name, Nancy, what have you got in that wild head of your's now ?" It is to be feared that a man need not have a wilful wife in order to be henpecked, if he is a widower with one wilful and impulsive daughter." " My head isn't wild; and Tve got nothing in it at all—except sense, of course I mean. You're used to beasts and strange creatures, are you V'* " All my life." " You are not afraid of anything—not even of a tiger ?*' " He was my bosom friend." " And you're used to travelling?—of course, if you've lived in a menagerie. And I'm sure you're wrong in thinking you're an English girl. Do you speak French—e.st-ce que vouspnrL -jVnn- . coif, par extmylt ?'" " Vn pen, madame—3Tomititr Mifluu-k cstfi-<tnfaiV." " Is he your father ?" " No. He takes care of me and the other animals. He is Mr. Meshack—nothing else at all." " Papa. Alice says she will not travel. It's my opinion she is going to be married to the gardener at Millwood.'" " Very well, my dear. Are you ready now FOTOTD.—The Wallaroo Times understands that Mr. Adams's son, who was recently lost in the bush between Green's Plains and Ninnes* Plains, was found by L.C. Smith at Mr. Trembatb's tent, about five miles from Kulpara, on Friday last. It appeared that he had lost his way, but that shortly before bis whereabouts were ascertained he had picked up the track again. He had been altogether four days away from home, but had suffered no injury and had not wanted for food. They B&id; to the father of one of the prizewinners at College, " So your son has earnei his spurs." «Yes," replied the practical old man, "and now he's got to earn his boots." " We bend the knee, but not the elbow," is the motto of a Temperance Reform Club. " Thie is supposed to refer," says a wag, "to a dexterous habit of drinking out of the bung-hole." An American newspaper, in. publishing tite marriage of an old man with a young girl, appended the following: "Friends will please to accept of this infatuation." 