THE INSWALATION OF TilO REV. 'JAMI?S 'IMOORNOUSE BISiHOP OF MIELBOURLE. The In*talaltion of the Bishop of Melbourn tookpice on Thursday, the llth Inst, It St. Ja3umi( Cathedral, Melbourne, before i crowded assemblage; after the installatiot fullowed c THE SRMD10.. The Bishop then delivered a sermon, taking fol his text the 53rd verse of the 6th chitbter of St. Matthew's Gospel, "Sleea ye first the kingdom of God and bhi rigbteonsaess." Ile asid that hbe con iJered the text a fitting one for the occa sion, an would endeavor to explain its meanTig as fully as possible. If anyone had asked the apostlea what they were sent into the world to do, he supposed thai : they would have been ready enough with the *newer, "to set up the kioglot ol God, because in their Master's lifetime ths was the message by which they were commisaioned, " Go preach unto all men, and 'say the kingdom of heaven is at hand." Towards that end the Lord him self delivered many discourses, and it was for this purpose that bishops and ministers were sent forth to the world.: The kingdom of heaven must then be fomething in this world; it had jts beginning here ; and they knew some. thoig of this from the Lord's pare' bolical teachings. But although it was in this world, it was made quite clear from ~cripture that it was not of this world, neither in its spirit, aims, nor meanus of extension. "II my kingdom were of this world," asid the Rtedeemer, "then would my servants fight that I shoild noi be'delivered to the Jews; and Pail said, "The kingdom of God is not minilor drink," not sensual indulgence, but something inward-" righteousness, and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. And then, aain, it was a better and truer relation to man, represented by righteousness, and a dedication of the heart and life to, the kingdom of God. These two things, a new relation to God and a right relation to man, were' manifested, and indicated by a deep and abiding peace in the soul; and so it was that 'anl told them it was "peace and joy in the Holy Ghost." If then. any of his hearers wished to know whether they were really members of the kingdom of God, they must put the queslion to themselves individually, not SAm I baptised ?" but " Am I in the true relation to God and in the right re lation to man?" God forbid that he shpntd depreciate the ordinance of holy baptism; for it had ensured to each indiidual who had been so introduced to theChurch that love of God which .was promised to all the world by the Gospel. ut it should be remembered that God in Ctrist was reconciling, not that man *dn .the 'other man simply, but the whole. world, to himself. It was one thing to have the offer and gifts of a thing, and another to trke it. If he were to offer a gold coin to a mendicant in the street it would be his property according to his (the donor's) will and intention, but it wasnot the mendicant'a property in the sense of personal appropriation until lie stretched forth his hand and took it. He alnght 'offer it, and givu it as freely as Christ offered and gave them pardon, but. it iuit be eccepted before it became his. So with the gilts and graces of Gd ; they were given at holy baptism, but when a .man arrived at the age when he could value and receirv these gi'ls he mu-t stretchforth thr hand of faith uad take them. He did not care much for forms sad shows ; he must be proclaimed bishop of that diocese in that way, because the church required it; but he would ra:her know. that one man or woman in that hborch was really a member of the king dom of Christ than have any ceremony whatever. He hoped that they all would ask themselves whether they bad entered into this right relation with God sacrificed' pride, enry, gain and selfish. oes of every kind. and were ready to follow the' example of Jesus, to imitate His 'blessid spirit, to' give tp their own i wills and 'only know the will of their bleased Father on bisb,oad do unto all melnas they would they should do unto them. If they could say in the sight of the: heart-searching God that they had done this, and were ready to dedicate theri lives to His service, ther mu't verily be melubereof tis kingdom; hut if onhappily there was one person there who could not thus saswer the question, he would ak hil to ponder over the words of the text, "Seek ye first the kingdom of God." 'Which was the better-the seul cr tl body the pleasure and favor of God or the plasure and favor of mat; the aati'tfstoo of selfish lats and p'sesure or the sncltilcation of a life to God? Which could they take to the grave with them. into the 'land beyond? If the former, "the kingdom ol' God and his dghtoneosers," was the better thing, was it oureasonable to ask that they should 'seek tlatthting first I He would coun-el themdto give the first place in their hearts, and if they did it in obedience to the conimi~d of their Saviour they would asuredly reap the promise that was joined to his tetr, viz, that all these "other things -'meet and drink, clothing, bonsee.'equirages and everything that was good for them--would inevitably be "lidded onto them." '.?At' the conclusion of the service, the holy communion was administered by the .Blshop to a large number of cominuni '-aents, anld tih proeeedi.gs in the church " termiated. 