TWO SIDES TO EVERY QUESTION ; from A SOUTH AUSTRALIAN STANDPOINT. BY MAUDE JEAN FRANC. author of "marian," "vermont vali5," " j01i.vk wife," etc. Written expressly for tlie Illustrated Adelaide News. Charter XVI. FAREWELL TO CLEMENT HOUSE. It seemed to Arthur, as lie sat leaning his elbows on his desk with his face buried in his hands, that hot summer morning, that the whole world was against him. On every side the " guigua eye which breaks no heart" stared him in the face. Far awav from the home, round which clustered all sweet memories and loving affection, he felt none, for he ayus beyond tllSW" influence. The ociTui lay between liini andjfeemTT and T!mfrTui( ho gained by his exile ? The apples of Sodom so fair to view Avere proving hot ashes to him, as they always will prove. V Ye a 1th to him ayus kit an irjaus fatnus, leading to danger and destruction ; and Ioa'c, Avhat AvaS he likely to gain by that? Was there the remotest chance for him in that enterprise Avithout Avealth ? Could he Avin and avoo his fair cousin to share his poverty ? Would she consent to he Avon ? The hare idea of her refusal was very bitter to him. She Avas corning home! Ah, truly; but Avliat would that home-coming bring for him ? A nameless dread sat like an incubus on his heart, and numbed his faculties. He might haA'c been alone in the office for any notice he took of those around him. At the other desks the sound of the scratching of swift moving pens aa'cnt on, .and the subdued murmur of aroiccs. It ayus hot, too hot for cither bustle or noise, yet, amid the blaze of the sun, a slight breeze was coming in from the sea. Making its glare more endurable and the shade del ight- ful, the breeze came in at the door, and gently swayed to and fro the long office blinds. It lifted the dark hair from Arthur Delta's brow as he sat Avitli his hands thrust through it and his bowed face between them. Perhaps the soft to.ueh of tlie breeze revived him, for ho presently raised his head and sat upright. No use to give up altogether in that Atay ; he must hold out for a time, at any rate, and the long lane might have a turning even lor him ; Avho could tell ? At any rate there Ave re present necessities to be attended to entirely independent' of his cousin Elsie and her home-coming. He had, in some Avay or other, to clear himself with his Clement House landlady, and to pro cure another place of board and lodging. Ho glanced toAvards the next desk. Tom Alton's fair head avus bending closely OArer his Avork. He ay as - diligently Avriting out long invoices, but not so diligently that he did not observe and sympathise with the boAved head in his neighbourhood. His oavii recent escapade had made him familiar with the signs of like suffering and anxiety. He only Avished that lie dare offer the same advice he had received. As that ayus not to be thought of, he had to content himself Avith his silent sympathy and tlie continued scratching of his pen. Tom Alton, Avith the incubus renioAed from his mind, had regained all his boyish elasticity. He ayus looking bright and wol I notAvithstanding the heat. Very avoII, indeed, he looked in his cool summer suit and blue necktie that summer morning ; blue and white accorded Avith his face, curly hair, and bhie eyes. The last fcAV months be bad groAvn rapidly — as most of our colonial youths do, springing up into young manhood almost bofore tliey have taken leave of childish days and em ployments. !So rapidly indeed had he groAvn that lie Avas already only an inch or tAYO bcloAv Arthur Delta in stature, and his breadth of shoulder gave abundant promise for the future. So Delta thought as he looked at the occupant of the adjacent desk, and mentally noted him a very line young folloAV. But these thoughts Avere mere passing ones. He Avas reA'olving another question in his mind : Avas he likely to obtain the hoard ing accommodation lie needed Avith Tom's mother, or had she given up the idea altogether, or, more unfor tunately still, Avas another occupying the place he hoped to take himself ? "Alton," ho presently said, "you spoke some time ago of your mother being Avilling to take a boarder ? I suppose the place is not aracant iioav ?" " \es, Mr. Delta, it is," said Tom, looking up eagerly, and letting his pen fall in his excitement, to the utter destruction of the invoice lie Avas Avriting. " We Avcre in no hurry," he presently added ; " indeed Ave have only just got the room furnished ; it is quite ready now." " And I am looking out for another boarding place," said Arthur quietly. " The fact is, my landlady lias come into some money, and is breaking up her estab lishment and going home." "'You knoAV our place, Mr. Delta," said Tom, colouring to the roots of his fair hair. " It's not very large, but, if you don't mind that, it is not uncomfort able." It Avas a mild negative vieAV of the case, for really Tom Avas beginning to think their cottage home a perfect little bijou of a dAvelling, and could see no sufficient reason Avliy others should not think the same. " I know the place very well," said Delta gravely. " IlniA-e no doubt it Avould suit me in every respect 'if your mother is willing- to receive me ; and if," lie con tinued, Avith a smile of contempt for liis poverty, " the terms arc proportionate to my means." " I don t think you Avill find them too high, Mr. Delta ; and, of course, you Avill like to sec the rooms and hear Avhat my mother's arrangements are," said loin eagerly. " I am sure you Avill come easily enough to terms — no fear of that." " Not much fear on my part, Alton. I am not A'cry -difficulty tOyPJeaeYsindU Arthur, srai.lhig iriilitiv, and "resuming his pen. " I knoAV the house and the dis tance, so that matter is settled. 1 Avill contme to Avalk out with you this evening- and conclude the bargain." It had become a matter of absolute necessity that he' should make an immediate move, and the Pelanys were not at all backward in shoAving their Avishes on the subject, Clement House, so lately Avith its shrouded Avinuows and hushed voices, the scene of death, Avas uoav all lifo and commotion. Orderly arrangement and comfortable precision Avcre more than ever out of the question. The needle Avas dormitory iioav, and the dressmaker alone Avorthy of any consideration. "Indeed avc are sorry entirely to hurry you, gentle men," said the AvidoAV in her most coaxing tones, " but you see avo are hurried ourselves. We cannot attend to your conilort as aa'o ought or as Ave aa'onld. It's a long voyage avc have before us, and, in our cireum- stances, avc must make ample preparation for it ; so if you will please to provide yourselves shortly with other homes von will greatly oblige." So of course it had to he dom\ Maeph'Tsnn and Holt reluctantly enough provided themselv s, and re moved at. onee with their belongings out of the way of the dressmaking, stipulating only to be -allowed the privilege of calling upon the ladies, and rendering them any assistance they might require, a privilege they were very ready to accord, and by no means slow in taking- advantage of. Delta alone remained behind, though he had made a first move in the "providing." It was not that he had any reason to regret the home that he was leaving. There were no pleasant memories con nected with it, no ties to sever — not even any kind attention to deplore — certainly 110 luxuries or even common comforts to regret ; and yet the mere fact of going in and out for months, of having turned the- key 011 himself ivght after night, in the door of the one little room he could call his own, hot and stifling as that little room had often proved to he, invested it with some what of sanctity. It was essentially his while he paid for it, and lie had become so accustomed to everything thing there, even to its very bareness. The thought of a new room, new regulations-, and new faces, however far they might exceed in agreeableness and comfort those to which he had been so accustomed, in his present morbid state of mind and feverish condition of health was not a pleasant anticipation. But it was not alone these feelings that made him undecided and dillatory in actions — morbid as they ctrtainly weri — it was the lack of funds to clear himsel f, and the determination to leave behind him no debt when lie removed his chatties to oilier premises. " No need to be so particular to a week or so, Mr. Delta," said the complaisant landlady. !5he could a fiord to he complaisant, now, and was besides so fully assured of the integrity of her boarder, whatever his pre sent difficulties might be. But Delta was not to be deterred from his purpose, and,- having secured another home, lie had next to provide Mrs. Delany with her money. The breeze had gradually freshened towards evening, and blew in gusts at all street corners, whirling the dust most unpleasantly in the eyes of all home-returning pedestrians. It was positively chilly, and Tom Alton shivered in his light summer clothing as he walked rapidly along side by side with Arthur Delta on his homeward road. The feverish current in Delta's veins rendered oven the pleasant change scarcely perceptible. Ho would have gladly made all needful arrangements with Tom had that been possible, he cared so little for anything now, his depression of spirits was so great. The coming home of his cousin, for which he had so longed, only seemed to deepen his gloom, why he scarcely knew, excepting that he was 110 nearer the wealth that was to win her — rather farther off than ever — for lie was in debt. So Tom had a very silent com panion on his way home, and his mother and sister, though they were pleased with the gentlemanly and quiet politeness of .Delta's manners, were startled by the tokens of depression and illness that were visible in his countenance — his extreme paleness — but also in the languid indifference- with which lie treated every arrange ment for his comfort. \ " I am sadly afraid, Tom, that Mr. 'Delta is going to be ill, if he is uoi j.ll already," said Mrs. Alton gravely, after Arthur had left thenv, with the understanding that lie would take possession of his pv-.eity. little room, and become an inmate of their home on the morrow. " Ah, he's worried, mother, that's all," said Tom. He will be all right shortly. I am sure he will be 20 per cent, better in our pleasant little home and with our good cooking than even he could be with the Delanys. I've heard a little of the sort of house and table they keep from a fellow that used to board there." " I do think he's ill nevertheless, Tom," said Nettie, as she followed lior brother into the garden ; but maybe, as you say, different treatment and different cooking may help him to recover. We will do our best, at any rate. Poor fellow ! it must be hard to.be ill and home less, and those relations of his do not seem very fond of him." " Can't you guess the reason of that ?" Tom ex claimed knowingly. " Do you think Mr. Clinton wants to give his daughter to a poor man, even though he was twenty times her cousin ?" " Perhaps the relationship makes the matter worse," said Nettie. " Well,- that fact may account for a great deal of the depression, if not all." Nettie could sym pathise in such depression very deeply ; if not on her own account she could feel for others. Arthur Delta drank a solitary cup of tea that evening without any accompaniment, for his appetite revelled f,. gainst food. It was the last he was to take jvt the Delany's hoard. " I'shall he able to give up my room and settle up accounts with you to-morrow morning, Mrs. Delany," lie said, on rising from the table, but he went upstairs with the question still unsettled as to how the latter arrangement was to be accomplished. Chapter XVII. BITTER DISAPPOINTMENT. The how ? A puzzling question for many to answer to those who know anything of financial difficulties, but the question bad to be answered Delta knew well enough. There was only one way left to him — a way lie hated for itself, from which his whole nature revolted, but to which he had more than once lately had to betake himself. He shivered all over at the thought of com mitting his dear home relics into sacrilegious hands, from which he never might be able to redeem them. He could have pledged his watch, but the absence of that might provoke remark or enquiry — at least so in his sensitiveness he thought. So, closing the door upon him, he slowly opened his desk, and turned out its few remaining treasures — treasures with which the touch of loving hands, the murmur of tender voices, seem still connected. A long hair chain, linked here and there with bright bits of chased gold, and, suspended therefrom, a tiny golden anchor, cross, and seal — his mother's hair before the silver had stolen in amidst its chesnut brown. He could not let that go, her gift to him at parting. This ring? — Yes, this it must he. Katie would never know how his utter necessity had made him pledge her loving offering. Yet its single diamond glittered at him a rebuke. He laid it 011 one side for sacrifice. It cost him a still greater pang- as he drew from his box a costly church service, in velvet and chased gold, with a jewelled clasp. It was a relic of a dead sister, whose memory he cherished as a precious home treasure ; and yet lie knew she would rather have helped him in his heavy need than suffer him to keep this memento of her sweet young life and want. He knew she would. (Still it was with a deep sigh that he wrapped it up in its silver paper, an;l, taking the ring, went slowly down the stairs and out into the lrglit to obtain upon them the loan which circumstances rendered it imperative that lie should poss:ss at once. " It may only be for a few days ; I may then be able to redeem all," be sighed to himself, but the sigh seemed very hopeless. His errand was easily accomplished. Leaving his. treasures in hands that valued them only for their money value, he returned home with ample means for releasing himself from all monetary obligations to Mrs. Delany, and, relieved of that incubus, he threw himself upon his bed and slept till early morning — uneasily enough — dreams .of the days disturbing his slumber, through which the loving voice of his mother breathed low and sweet, or his sister's merry laughter rung, or these were accompanied by the music of tliat other voice which had power to change the ivhole current of his existence, the tones of which only came now in sleep, and that but seldom. Sleep like this, full of troubled dreams, the fruits of a weary, fevered brain, brings no refreshment with it. It is but a dreary living over of the past. The body is indeed at rest, but the mind is all too active, and the brain gains nothing by the mere recumbent posture or closed cvelids. " So lie giveth his beloved sleep." How beautifully do those words speak of rest to the mind as well as to the body. Cares hushed, anxieties silenced, peace bestowed — peace that only one can give. Such sleep as that poor Arthur Delta wanted. He roused unrefrcslied with early morning, and began collecting the different articles round his room, and pack- nig- dihmo away in his boxes. It was not a long task, yet lie went about M in feverish haste, as though he had but limited time to accomplish .it in — not indeed in his ordinary neat and careful manner, but thrusting shirts, and coats, and vests, all one upon another — a veryMiaos of confusion — as if the one necessary thing was to cram the boxes, and turn the key' upon their contents. Poor fellow ! His head was aching terribly, but ho went on and on till his trunks were already for removal. Con sulting his watch he found it still wanted a few minutes to six, and, lying down upon his cool pillow, he sank this time into dreamless slumber, sleeping 011 and on till a loud knock at his xloor came to summons him to 1-Ml/t n 1» rrt f! T But little better for his sleep, and utterly loathing food, he turned awav from his breakfast, and concluded his business with Mrs. Dolany, who was even more than usually gracious in her manner, extremely solicitous about his health, and urgent that he should consult a doctor, at which last advice lie merely smiled. " You will find my trunks ready, Ryiqget," lie said, in passing out, placing lufif a sovereign in the girl's hard palm ; " I vyill sepd toy them by and bvc. I wish you a happy re turn to old Ireland, and plenty of good fortune there," he added, with front smile, Thank you for all your attention to me," " And it's meselfr Mr. Delta, dear, that's sorry yese going. Good luck to yese, sir, and a good fortin, and the best of everything to the fore ; and here's hoping ye'll soon he well " Bridget — honest Bridget, with the tears standing in licr kind grey eyes, was the last inmate ol Clement House that Delta ever saw. Her sympathy was a kindly memory for many a day. Tom Alton, in a cool fresh suit, was already at his desk when Arthur Delta turned into his uncle's office, and hung up his hat on its accustomed peg. It was another pleasant morning — pleasant for its breezes — though the sun was very hot, and out df the shade the temperature very high. Arthur did not take his usual seat at his own desk, but went into his uncle's particular sanctum, which was especially inviting and cool, and, throwing himself into the large arm-chair, placed there for Mr. Clinton's delectation, poured out a large liba tion from the water-cooler, which was constantly kept replenished, and taking the morning paper began eagerly searching for mining news. He had given Tom a word at passing, telling him he . had taken his adieu of Clement House, leaving his boxes all ready to be fetched away when sent for. " So now, Tom," he continued, with a ghost of a smile, " if your mother at the last refuses to take me in, I have no home to go to." " No fear of that, Mr. Delta. Mother will be glad to have you," said Tom heartily ; " and if you could only get a few days' rest from office I'm sure it would do you good," he ventured to add, with rather alarmed look at the pale face and the wild, unrestful eyes. " Rest," he returned rather bitterly. " I don't want rest." And he went off to his seat in his uncle's room and the newspaper, soon becoming absorbed in its con tents. So many companies, and according to the prospectuses, all so flourishing. The difficulty ivas to know which was the one — the one likely to prove successful. Arthur had felt so confident when he embarked in the same venture as his uncle, and was bitterly disappointed when it turned out a mere flash in the pan ; for there were " two sides " even to Mr. Clinton's prosperity — loss as well as gain, only in his case it was comparatively of little consequence ; he could afford to lose, while loss to Arthur was ruin. Yet, as with " play," there was no standing still even with him. Something must be done to liquidate the debt lie had already incurred, but what ? that was a hard question. Even while that question was solving he heard him self enquired for, and the next moment the friend whose loan was causing liim so much anxiety walked quietly into the office. " Well, Delta, how are you, old fellow ?" he exclaimed heartily. " What's the matter ? Aint you well ?" " The headache, that's all, it's fearfully hot." " Think so ? I was under the impression that you were pleasantly cool here. Well," he added, after a rather awkward pause, " I suppose you know what I came for. Can you manage to let me have that money back to day ? I'm confoundedly hard up, and need it for a special purpose." Delta turned a shade paler, and grasped the back of the cliair against which he was standing. " I'm sorry you want it now, Bennett," he replied in a low voice, " for I've had 110 return yet, and don't know where to get the money." " Well, you sec there's a heavy call on the ' Wheal Ellen ' (Delta knew that to his cost), and I should not like my shares there to lapse for want of responding, for I believe that mine is 'no sell.' You have shares in it, have you not ?" " Yes, a few." Having to pay up the calls on those few was one of his troubles, poor fellow. " Then there's a splendid chance in a new venture," continued Bennett. " The ' Lady Anne ' is turning up magnificently ! I wouldn't miss that for anything. There are rich specimens of copper cropping out on all sides. The men struck 011 a fine lode directly, there's 1 j no gammon about it. I was let into the thing by an old C1V11 111 of mine. So if you can manage that money, Delta, Mil secure you a few shares if you like, though tliey are almo'&J; Ml taken up already." " When do you want frk?" said Delta, with an effort to appear calm. " No time like the present," laugibed Bennett ; " but I suppose that is out of the auestion. ""Wefr-vJ.-mnvrnw about noon ; I can manage the payment of the siW»s till then. But don't fail me, Delta !" . " If in any way I can obtain the money, I wont," said Arthur huskily. " You must, my dear follow ! you must ! Ask your uncle. Mr, Clinton's rolling in money, he'd never refuse you. Anyhow, Delta, I really must have the money then." And with a careless nod he hurried off, little conscious of the heavy heart ho had left behind him. Money ! Money ! is it a blessing, or a curse ? Like everything else, it has " two sides it may prove either the one or the other. A blessing, bringing ivith it all good gifts, smoothing the pathway, and making joyous sad and weary hearts by what it brings ; but a curse when loved over-well, when cherished too .fondly, when craved inordinately, when desired only to consume upon the lust. It was not, hcnYvwer, with its possessions Ipm# witf its wantj Delta was contending. His. need was 'V ' ' _ imperative, and the probability, alas, of obtaining a mere chimera. His uncle was rolling in riches, truly, but that was of but -little benefit to him. He was absent, but even bad be been at borne be could scarcely have summed up courage to apply for his assistance, for he bad been in heavy straights before, and had never even hinted bis need. But a new thought occuired to him. What if Lilly had the. money, money of her own, and would lend him it for a time ! He sprang up from the desk with the thought. He could but try, and it was easier to ask her than her father, for she was kinder. To think, with him, was to act. There were two things at stake, his friend's interests and Lis own. A few shares in that lucky mine might retrieve his fallen fortunes, and send him on his way triumphant. "Why not? Why should she refuse him? 8ho was always pleasant and goodnatured to him ; he wondered lie had never thought of applying to her before. Before another twenty minutes had transpired he bad arranged bis work, borrowed the horse of the principal clerk, who always rode into business every day from his little suburban snuggery among the hills, and was off to the Lark. Fearfully hot in that blazing sun. Its rays seemed to beat down on bis head with strange power, but, as he rode swiftly along, the breeze came soothingly to his heated brow. Wherever he could he chose the shadow of the trees, or of the high furze hedges that skirted the road, but the sun had parched up the grass by the wayside, and but- for those never lading dear old gum trees — trees we most love, even in their uncouth, un graceful form, for their constancy all the year through — or for those unfailing hedge-rows, for much of the way there, would have been nothing green to refresh the weary sight. Hot so when he drew near the Park. Long before be reached it lie could discern glimpses of its cool white columns enclosed in rich and varied foliage, the contributions of many lands. As lie entered the large gates, and rode through the avenue, of mingled branches, a sudden chill ran through liis veins, a memory of Elsie, of that last time he had spent there ; a doubt and a great fear. The last time ! the last time ! It seemed like a dirge in his cars, not now as a memory of that evening's parting, hut as a prophecy of the future. How beautiful it all looked — the trees with their varied tints, the care fully tended bed of (lowers, the soft trickle of two or throe fountains, whose silvery showers fell with a musical murmur into marble basins. What delicious evenings he had passed during those few rare mouths of his first colonial life under the soft shadow of the trees with his cousins, oblivious to anything hut the present happiness, unmindful of results. The elvsium of those evenings came over him like a blank. 'What was he now? An exile, poor, and in debt, possessing no right to claim the love for which ho yearned. He hated him self for his non-success, yet at the same time lie deeply pitied himself, and of all things self-pity is the saddest. Turning to the right, and leaving his horse at the stables, he slowly walked hack in the direction of the house. As lie passed the greenhouse he could not help turning in to inhale its sweets. All was lovely as ever — the soft murmur of the waters, the rich incense of the flowers, the sweet song of the canaries. Yet one tiling was wanting, the fairy presence, without which even the rare beauty of blossom and incense failed to charm. He sat a moment on the low cane lounge, where Elsie often wiled away the hours with a hook. A volume was still lying just under the cushion, a mere frivolous novel. Elsie read little else ; but between the leaves, still marking the place where she last read, was a stem of white jessamine, crushed and faded, yet a memento of her presence. He greedily, seized it, and hid it among the leaves of his pocket-hook. Poor fellow ! lie had better have thrown it far from him. (To be continued.) 