« HSityle. instated from the French of Octave Feuillet, for the Sydney JPreanart n Journal. By E. R. B.) 'V- 1 Mxbs O'Nais Ora of T?in Pale op the Chcteoe. — {Continued.) The days which succeeded this first day of trials where for the rnosfc part a pretty exact repetition of it, and we need say tiothing about them. After three weeks of this treat ment, Sibylla, silent and gentle as a dove, waa proudly quoted by Mdme. de Beaumesnil a^ an esempUry neophyte. Henceforth, she declared, Mademoiselle de Ferias waa as fully prepared 2.3 herself for the highest religious duties. Great, therefore, V7a-; the petrifaction of that; lad 7 when one morning Si by lie, on ootnic^ to the aroour for her instructions on the catechism, quietly informed her that she yas not going to take her lesson, and that it would be useless, since she had decided not to EBske he? First Communion that year. At this astonishing announcement, AJdma de JBeaame'sml, suddenly redding to the hue of a peony, raised herself from her seat, and stood, by her e7tauffbretter''\ like a pythoness on a tripod, while the countenance of the Cure became vrhite as marble. 'And why, if you please, Mademoiselle,' said Mdme de Beaumesnil in a hissing voice, ' why are you not going to make your Erst Com munion ?' ' I have thoughts, Madame, that will not let me.' 1 Thoughts ? What thoughts 1 Now then ! Speak, — will you V 'I cannot toll you, Madame.' 'It is well, Mh iemoi-elle. Ah, the hideous little mask ! Wouldn't I whip you well, 'my beauty, i! I were your mother !' * Fortunately, Mudame, you are not.' Mdrae He Beaumesnil desceuded from her ? chauffer ette, looked in Sibyile's face an in stant, and not being able to kill her, retired. Half an hour afterwards, the Abbe R\\-naud entered the court; of the Chateau de Ferias accompanied by Si by lie, who had refused to explain heraalj to him. She slipped aw*y in secret to her room, while the poor Cure, wiping the drops of anguish from his face, weut into the drawing-room Tbs news of their graud- daughter's un accountable resolve fell like a thunderbolt on M. and Madame de Ferias, woundingUhera in the most sensitive part of their very being; their tender affection, their conscience, their pride, all suffered, all bled together, and Miss O'Neil, who was present, shared their grief. Sibylla was sent for. She was fearfully pale. As sh8 approached to k's* her ^grandfather he geutly stopped her with his hand. * jiy child,' he aaid, ' keep your caresses ; they are unseasonable at a titna when you are breaking cur hear! 8. I am not reproaching you lor your thoughts, you are not, mistress of them. But in any case your confidence depends upon yourself, and you aro unpardonable in refusing it to us. You force me to say that I have the right to insist upon it, and I do insist. You understand. Sibylle had looked fixedly upon Mm while he spokp. She seemed wishing to answer him. Her lips moved vaguely, then became suddenly livid, and the child fell faintiug on the floor. She was carried to her bed, where the fainting fit was followed by an attack of fever. On recovering con sciousness, she saw her grandfather leaning Over her, and smiling. ' My dear little girl,' said the Marquis, ' keep yourself quiet. I was wrong to press you. If you grieve us, it is unwillingly I am sure, and on account of some of those scruples which are apt to arise in tender con- ciencea. These fancies will vanish of tbimselvea before long, please God. Mean-, Tib -le, in all that relates to religion, I leave y.;U eutiiely tree.' * How jiOod joo. are,' said Sibylle, and passing on* arm round the old tnau's r.eek, she drew hid white head down to the pillow, and sank itito a quiet sleep. M. de Ferian, alarmed at the profound disturbance oi' this young mind, was in fact re-olved, n t only to ro-p(-cfc its mysterious sufferings, but also to withdraw it wholly for e time from dwelling od the subjects which appeared to have occasioned them. The lessons of the Abbe Renaud were temporarily Busnended. Miss O'Neil was requested to avoid in her conversation whatever might B'rve to foptet any dangerous excitement, and it was felt under the peculiarity of the circumstances to be probably the wisest course, even to dispense Sibylle, for the moment, from the obligation of any outward religious observance. Ou the following Sunday, a murmur of mingled blame and pity seemed to run through the church oi Ferias when the Marquirf and Marquise sadly took their accustomed pUces by tlu now r-iupiy steut of ibeir grai.d' hild. Exc -|jtiug what concerned tite restriction-. whirh were considered n- ci-tnary, by the prud nee ef A£. do Fi-rias. everything at the *ire©i»st©ol. chateau resumed its ordinary course. M. and Mdme. do Feria3 continued the round of their customary habits with their usual air of gravity and benevolence ; Sibyllo and Miss 0 Neil pursued their studies and their walks with th& Bamc regularity ; and everything seemed to be going on for the better : only, the countenances of the two eldero every morning appeared move changed, as if, night after night, tears shed in secret had worn a deeper furrow. At the same time a bluish circle became gradually moro visible beneath the long eyelashes of the child, and when she was left alone, her head would bend as if beneath a burden. Aa for Miss O'Neil, whose bony structure was naturally some what remarkable, her cheek-bones began to take r.n extraodinary proj -edon. 'Monsieur,' ohe one day said to the Abbe Renaudj who continued his visits to the chateau with the self-forgeUulnesa of a true Christian ; 'you see what is i^oing on : there is some fatnj eniyma in this matter— some s-pbyns which is devouring us all. The only question now seems to be which of us ail will break down first, and I pray to God that it may be ruy9elf.' VII. THE FISHING SMACE. One Sunday in the early autumn, M. and Mnid. de Ferias, who were dining at the presbytery after Mass, had sent back the carriage, with orders for it to come again, to take them home after vespers. A ftw minutea before the time appointed the carriage stopped, as usual, in the village street, and Sibylle descended from it. having taken advantage of its return to come and watch, from the top of the cliffs, one of the highest tides of that year, the effect of which was rendered doubly striking by the violent gale which for twenty-four hours had been blowing towards the land. The child, some what weakened, mounted with come effort the back of the cliffs, and on reaching the sTimrnit, out of breath, passed along by the wall of the churchyard towords some project ing rocks which overhung the sea. Amongst these roc^s she perceived the familiar form of Jacques Feray, who sat with his elbows on his knees and his head in his hands watching the expanse of rolling waves. When Sibylle touched his shoulder, he glanced angrily round, but his look softened at onco on seeing her. He moved a little aside, as if to make way *for her, and then quietly resumed his former position, while Sibylle sat down beside him. Before them stretched the steel- coloured ocean, wild, raging, and terrible ; legions of waves, lifting their foamy crests, dashed down upon the base of the cliffs, with a continuous roar, intermingled with the shrill wailing of the wind, and, at intervals, with the sound of chanted psalms that arose from the church hard by. The dark autumnal ^ky, across which were flying in disorder rent masses of cloud, like the smoke of some vast conflagration, com pleted the striking character of melancholy and even desolation impressed upon the scene. After a few moments of silent contempla tion, Sibylle gently took hold of the lunatic's hand, who immediately looked uneasily at her. ' My poor Jacques, we are very unhappy,' Jiioques sorrowfully nodded assent. ' Has G-od abandoned us, my poor Jacques ?' He looked at her with an expression of in tense surprise, and then murmured — * What? — you also ?' . . Jacques, after a pause, tnrned round, without rising, and shook his fist at the little church ; then shrugging his shoulders, returned to his former attitude. Sibylle shivered, and gathering her cloak around her, was about to plunge again into her sombre reverie, when she was suddenly roused by exclamations of alarm in the church -yard behind her. Rising at once, she perceived the litfle group of taithful who, not having found room in the church, had according to custom taken their places in the porch, arid who were now in a state of distressed agitation. Some had mounted on the tombstones, others on the chu~chyard wall, and all were gazing with feverish anxiety towards the sea. Sibylle quickly discovered the object, of this alarm. It was a large ^fishing-boat, which had just come in siyht round the angle of a cliff, and which appeared to be struggling with difficulty against the violence of the wind and sea. Some of her sails were torn away, and ohe showed other signs of distress, plainly perceptible even by an unpractised eye. This bark belonged to some neighbouring port, the little harbour of Feriao being in capable of sheltering behind its rough jetty of flints anything larger than thaloupes of the most moderate dimensions, all of which, also, had been brought in thither the day before. The promontory of Ferias could, however, offer a relative security, owing to a iine of rocks which enclosed it on one side, and which, advancing far into the sea, formed a iiutU'-nl breakwater. Although now moro Man half under water, this line of breakers arid sandbanks did not ihe less protect 1 h;i t p.-rt of the coast, against the long surgas ol he open se-i. It wao the ex'rerne point of these roeUs that tho fishing- bark now in Bight was struggling to double, with the} evident intention of seeking in the li'arbour of Feriag the only refuge she could hope to reach. At the rumour of what was passing, tho elrarch wa8 quickly deserted, and an anxious crowd, in the midst of whom was the Cure himself, ctill habited in the sacred vestments, hurried to the edge of the cliff and eagerly watched tho menoeuvren of the struggling bark. Tho three or four men who composed ito crew could be distinctly seen, come trying to arrange the few rags of canvas that remained, others apparently emptying buckets of water overboard, and all display ing a convulsive activity. M de Ferias and the Cure, deeply moved by this spectacle, entreated the fishermen of the village to put to sea in the hope, of saving these unfortunate men ; but the most liberal offers of the Marquis were unavailing, and he waa told that the best canoe in the port would capsize in two minutes in such a sea ; they heartily pitied the poor fellows, but they saw no amusement in going out to drown with them. For .1 long half hour tho labouring vessel had by hard struggling kept itself at the point of the little cape without being able to pass it, when suddenly, two or three more helpful waves bore it over the fatal boundary which seemed to separate it from all hope of safety. A shout of joy yovp from the crowd, which changed the next moment to a cry of terror and pity; tho baik had been thrown bad: upon the very point of the cape. For two or three min utes she heaved violently against, the sharp rock that jutted from the extremity, then, bounding on a strong wave, she fell on her side, like a wounded animal, and rose no more. She was preserved from immediate destruction by some hidden brenkers, be tween which her keel was apparently jammed, but the shock of each successive wave, as i'c covered her with foam, seemed to carry away some of her planks and spars. In the midat of all this confusion the crew could still be seen, one of whom lay stretched on the gunwale, while tho rest clung to tho rig ging. Nothing remained apparently but to hope for a speedy end to the agony of those unfortunates, lost between the boiling abyss which separated them from the coast, and the dreary waste of the angry ocean, already darkening in the shadows of approaching night. Among the crowd which, from the height of the cliff, watched this cruel scpdo, there fell, as it were, the silence of death, broken only by the gobs of women. All ah once one of these exclaimed in a supplicating voice — ' Monsieur le cure !' Her thought was immediately understood — there was a murmur of approbation : -ill the men took off their hats, and nearly every one knelt down. Sibylle, who bad followed with all tho ardour of her soul the smallest detail ^ of this scene, was deeply strnck by the imposing character suddenly impressed on the simple physiognomy of the cure. He had mounted on the i'gc'c where, a short time before, she had been sitting, the wind played with his grey hairs, nnd his pale coun» tenance, lifted heavenward, had an almost sublime expression of sorrow and of faith. Raising one hard towarda tho shipwrecked men, he said with a powerful though some« times trembling voice—' Yon who are about to die — you who though unknown to me, are known to God— I absolve you from your sins ; in the name of the Father, and. of the Son, and of tho Holy G-host. Amen !' Having prononnced these words, amid the strong emotion of all present, he knelt upon the rock, and remained for some time pros trate in prayer. On rising he gazed again with anguish on the wreck, and sening that it still resisted, in spite of the fury of the waves, ho exclaimed, 'But why, since G^d is grant ing them aome respite, can nothing be done to help them P Are you quito cure of it, my friends ?' A murmured negafcivo was tho on'y answer. ' At lea-it,' he remmon1, ' ifc might be tried, let us make sure whether it is impos sible ? My friends, I entreat you, come down with me to tho beach. Wo shall sec better, wenhall be better able to Judge — truly such a spectacle as this is insupport able ?' Hastily taking off the sacred vestments, he hurried down the steep pathway leading to the village, followed by all the crowd. At this mooi'nt M. de Ferias, who had made several attempts to withdraw Sibylle from the painful emotions of this hour, now insisted on taking her back to the chateau. 4 Oh no, grandpapa,' ohe said imploringly, 4 1 entreat you to Ieb me atay. I am go happy !' M. do Ferias looked at her in amazoinont. ' So happy, my child V ? Ob, yen ; very happy !' And leaving her grandfather to reflect, not without uneasineon, at the oinr/ularity of thio expression appliod to preoont circumstances, -ho ran after the crowd. From thp shore the aspect of the sea wns fomble. The travel thundered on the coaot wi'h the- nniKp of ca'aracto, and even in the baoia jKoiestod by feho litfele jetty tho wato were strongly agitated, and knocked against; each other tho boats which had not been drawn up on the bank. Two or three had sunk. Even the bravo cure appeared for a moment discouraged, but it wan for a moment only. Glancing again at the masts of tl-.e wreck, ho exclaimed resolutely, ' I shall go alone if need be, but I p,o.' And before there was time even to think of holding him back, ho had leapt into ono of (he chaloupes that wore moored to ihe quay. This incident raised in the crowd a general murmur, mingled with eric3. A few men were apparently hesitating, but they were immediately surrounded by their wiven and children, weeping and clinging to their clothes. Nevertheless there was among the spectators one personage who amidst tho tho general agitation had mado himself remarkable by his utter indifference. This was an old fisherman, cold, crabbed, and sarcastic, who passed for being the ;mo3t knowing sailor of the place. He was walking slowly up and down the quay, his blue woollen cap pulled down to his eyebrows, his hands plunged in tho pockets of his ' dreadnought,' and a short pipe in hia mouth. Several times he'jhad beeir[asked for his opinion and advice, but had contented himself by a shrug of tho; shouldc-raT without condescending to reply. This worthy now suddenly brought his careloss walk to a halt, took the pipe from his mouth, and shaking ut the ashes put it in his pocket. ' If the Curn rislcc his skin,' he said, ' I risk mine.' At the same moment he slipped quickly into the chaloupe, and began to unloose ifc from its moorings. Bufc the devotion of the aged priest had kindled in the crowd a flume of generous sympathy that was not (0 be quenched by the tears of wives and children, and a tumultuous group clustered on tho edge of the embankment, while a dozen mauly voices crier! together : ' Here I am ! quick ! I go too !' The old fisherman made a cign with hia hand. ' Three rowers only, besides the cure 'he . . said. 'That will not be too many, but enough.' Three men at once got into the boat, and shared the oars among them, with the cure, while the fisherman placed himself at the helm. The dull sound of the oars waa heard rubbing again -t the gunwhale, and the cha loupe left the quay. During some minutes it could be seen rising and sinking with a sort of regularity in the comparatively calm waters of the little harbour, then, after onco - passing the jetty it made way only by a succession of irregular bounds, sometimes cirried over the crest of p. wave, and at others half buried in the trough of the cea ; but it was .'with difficulty even now that the ,,,. spectators could follow with scrutinizing gaze the movements of tho frail skiff in which such ardent, interoat wag concen- '-' - - trated ; night, hastened on by the clouds, which overspread the sky, closed in apace, ' ?'?/ and the boat 3oon disappeared in mist and ;: darkness. The public anxiefy thus reduced without any variation from without, to the gnawing ? .- void of uncertainty and conjecture, gradually -?'-'': increased to a degree of intensity which, to some present, became intolerable. Some of ' the women were taken away insensible. M and Mdme de Ferias dreading the effect of what she was witnessing, in the sensitive nature of Sibylle, refused to listen any longer to tho child's entreaties, arid ordered her to follow them to the carriage ; but once more ;. their determination yielded, when. Sibylle said imploringly, ' Only leave me to the end, '- and I promise that I will no longer have any .:?'-' ???? secret from you. This very night I will tell ?'' you everything !' Even in the midst of the'painful anxieties of the moment, it was not without a happy .; beating of the heart that the Marquis and Marquise welcomed the hope of at last seeing the mystery unravelled, which for months -' pa^t had been poisoning their lives. Without ' '?'??'? comprehending the secret connection which appeared to exist between this evening's events, and Sibyile's mental troubles, they .; knew her too well to have a moment'3 doubt as to the seriousness and sincerity of her promise. They contented themselves, there- ; fore, in sending for additional shawls and fur .^ wrappings from the carriage, and allowed : ; tho child to remain ar- she had asked, to see . .! the end. Leaning against one of the posts of the quay, ; she continued to question, with her weary eyes, the thick shadows which fell like a -;, close curtain over the ocean from tho dark ening sky. Around her the crowd, for the most part silent, exchanged at intervals a few ';;| words of discouragement or of timid hope. '( . All the sounds of ocean were liateued to with 't. eagerness and anxiously interpreted. From y timo to time it seemed as if human voices ; ,;v, could he heard in the distance; cries of .:?-.-? 0 appeal, of distress or it might be of adieu, Some men who had mounted to the top of the cliff returned saying that the foaming of the fiea nround tho promontory, mado a sort of uncertain light there, but tbat on the white an*' foots of the waters they could soe no traoo either of the chaloupo or of the wreck. ? ?_» About an hour and a half had elapsed in this anxious uncertainty, and many were thinking thai; half as long would have suf ficed to get to the shipwreck and back ;, agi'in, when attention was slightly attracted j by a trifling incident, namely, a quarrel j between one of the fishermen present and j his wife. This couple, after a few moments : of altercation in a lovz voice, hud como to an ' explosion. The man was one of those who j had first offered to accompany the old fisher man, his comrade, in the canoe for the rescue, but while he was struggling against the energetic resistance of his other half, the boat had started without him. He had remained j inconsolable at this circumstance, and, strange to say, as the chances diminished of ever see ing the unfortunate canoe again, the poor fellow's regrets redoubled. After having for a long time ruminated by himself on this test, he could contain himuelf no longer. It was his wife who had stopped him. With' out hov, he should have beon there with the others ; thanks to her, he should be looked upon for the rest of his days an a goodfor nothing lout, a mere demoiselle, &c;, &c.; In the midst of his recriminations the man suddenly stopped, stepped forward, and ap peared to be listening with extraordinary attention, while a perfect silence reigned among the crowd. 'May I bo a born Englishman,' lie presently said, ' if I don't hear an oar : but it can't be the boat, for there is only one.' He listened again, and every one with him. ' I know how it is,' he resumed cheerfully, I only hear one at a time, because the oars are not going together. . . . It is M. le cure.' A thrill of joyoun but still uncertain omo tion ran through the crowd ; then a cry, one only, but uttered by every voice at once, burst forth from the shore : the ehaloupe came in sight, filled with indistinct forms, gradually emerging from the mist and dark ness like the barks laden with departed shades of ancient mythology. (To lie continued.) 