Evangelistic Services, The Rev. Dr. Somerville, whose recent ministrations in the southern colonies have been attended with so large a measure of success yesterday, conducted his first services in Brisbane. The rev. gentleman is of venerable aspect, and his voice, though doubtless not so strong as it once was is still comparatively clear and ringing. His addresses are characterised by the utmost simplicity and earnestness, and it is only in passages of more than ordinary importance, or such as afford unusual opportunity for the display of eloquence, that the rev. doctor exhibits his powers of rhetoric ; but his word, painting is both vivid and attractive in the anecdotes with which he illustrates the subject to which he may be directing attention. At each of the services there were present a number of the leading ministers of the various Protestant denominations, and the whole of the proceedings were entirely free from any attempt to create undue excitement in the minds of those present. The musical portion of the services consisted in the singing of number of Sankey's hymns, Mr. W. F. Somerville presiding at the American organ. The choirs of the various churches in the city have contributed a number of singers who act as a choir to the services, but their connection with one another and with their leader (Mr. Somerville has not been of sufficient duration to make this part of the service so attractive as it will probably become in the course of few even??'-' sings. J. Noonday Prayer Meeting. 3 The first prayer meeting in connection with these services was held at the Town Hall com- mencing at noon, and closing" shortly after one o'clock. The proceedings were opened by singing Sankey's hymn, "Sweet Hour of Prayer," after which the Rev. E. Griffith led the devotions of those present, for a short time. Dr. Somerville then stated that at this stage it was usual to read over the private requests for the prayers of the meeting on behalf of specific objects, and several which had previously been handed in were accordingly read over. A prayer offered by the Rev. Mr. Ogg was full lowed by a second hymn, after which Dr. Somerville gave an address, which occupied about twenty minutes. In the course of his remarks, and as forming the basis of them, he read several passages from the Gospels, and from the Acts of the Apostles, in which occur the words, " Be of good cheer." He exhorted all Christians to take these words to themselves and pass them on to their friends, predicting that by so doing they would give the world to see that Christianity is not so gloomy a thing as some suppose ; but that Christians possess a joy which others never experience. After another hymn, the rev. doctor made some announcements regarding the principles upon which the noonday prayer meeting is conducted, A telegraphic message of encouragement and sympathy was agreed to be sent to the noonday prayer meeting at Sydney. The meeting was subsequently closed with the doxology and benediction. There was a very fair attendance, the sitting accommodation of the large room of the Town Hall being comfortably filled. Address at the Exhibition Building. About 700 persons attended the exhibition building, to listen to Dr. Somerville's first evening address in Brisbane. The platform had been placed near the western door of the building, and seats arranged for the accommodation of a large number of people in front, and to the right and left of the platform. Punctually at half-past Seven o'clock, a hymn was sung, and the Rev. Mr. Williams' engaged in prayer. The Rev. E. Griffith then read a portion of Scripture, beginning at the second chapter of the Epistle to the Ephesians. The Revs. Messrs. Griffith, Kingsford, M'Culloch, and Ogg were also present. Dr. Somerville took as his text the words "God is love," occurring in the 8th and 16th verses of the first epistle of St. John. His opening words were :?" In the beautiful house of many mansions which God has set up for the residence of His people on the earth I mean the Holy Scriptures there are hung on the wall two exquisite portraits of the Master of the building. These two portraits go by the name of the Law of God and the Gospel of Christ. Now, what is the sum of the Law of God ? We all know that it is love. And what is the sum of the Gospel of Christ? Is it not, 'God so loved the world ?' Whether you look at the law or at the gospel, it is love that is presented to the eye. The time that evening would not permit of entering with fullness upon such a theme as the great love of God. He proposed simply to go to the Scriptures and to direct attention to some of the aspects in which the love of God is there set forth. The first of these aspects was that of pity. Now, pity was love contemplating for its object the wretched and forlorn, the miserable and undone. He proceeded to illustrate from numerous passages- and incidents in Scripture the nature of this, as also of the other aspects of love subsequently referred to. The second aspect of Divine love was com- passion, which is akin to pity ; but with this difference, that while pity regards the' wretched, compassion is- love entertaining an intention to deliver. He next noticed the aspect of grace, or love contemplating those who have no claim to its favor, bestowing benefits on those who do not deserve it. Another aspect of Divine love was that of forbearance and long-suffering. This was a wonderful aspect. It differed, from all the other aspects in time, that it had regard to those who have persisted in their rebellion, and who with stubborn heart have resisted the Almighty. The long-suffering of God waited, in the days of Noah. How long did it wait? Until the whole Church of God on earth was reduced to a single family. It waited in the days of the ancient chosen people. How long did. it wait? Until they had rejected' the Father, crucified the Son, and done despite to the Holy Ghost. The long suffering of God' was indeed wonderful. The rev. gentleman then took up another aspect, that of readiness to forgive, It might be thought this was almost the same as mercy, but the difference was that while mercy was Divine love regarding, the sinner as one condemned under the law; readiness to forgive was love yearning like a father to receive back the erring child. It was this that was exhibited in the story of the Prodigal Son. Then there- was the aspect ott condescending kindness, that was love having regard to the insignificant and the poor, to those who have cheaper. There was also the aspect of bountifulness as shown in the feeding of the children of Israel in the desert and in Christ. '" feeding the multitudes on the shores of Galilee. He also referred to the aspect of complacency,, or Divine love regarding those who are like God himself. Enumerating again the various aspects with which he had dealt, he said it was still one love, the same love under many aspects. He instituted a close comparison between. Divine love with its numerous aspects and. the mighty river flowing between the United States and British America, which on its journey from its source to the' ocean, is known by many. names but is still the same river. At which, of the windings of that mighty river of love -were those before him now standing?. There was no person present but might say, " There is one spot at least that is suited to me, where I may to- night draw the waters of joy, even the waters of salvation." No one need say that the love of God was so boundless as not to be grasped and received, for all that mighty lodge, was comprehended in Christ who was brought nigh unto us in the Gospel. He warned his. bearers against supposing that because the love of God. is infinite he will not let any beast. Jesus had said, " No man cometh unto the Father but by Me," and we had no right to object that he has not provided other ways in which we might come to Him. All must come by the one way. After an earnest appeal to those present WJ they would avail themselves of the offers Wia out to them, he spoke, in conclusion, of the ability and willingness of Christ to save all who come to him, exhorting his hearers to avail themselves of the opportunities extended them. . the The meeting was closed with the singing or a hymn and prayer. says, The services to-day will be similar to those held yesterday. 