i HON. JAMES SERVICE AT MALDON'.'' I The Hon/ J. Service addressed! -a large jand. enthusiastic meeting of the electors at: Maldon- in the' Masonic Hall last night. Before /th hour meeting many persons secured seats, and by, the time Mr. Service came on tho platform; the Hall was full. MrHornsby, President of the Shire , Council, briefly introduced the candidate in. a, few, apt re-, -marks. ' . !: i Mr Service, in coming forward, was received iwith cheers. He said he- was as pleased to meet the electors now ns he was three, years 'ago. Many whom be did not know on the first occa sion were known to him since, and their position towards each other had improved. He first in- tended to give them a Bketch of what took place in the last Parliament. When .he oame before them, he expressed himself in favour of Free Trade, Mining on Private Property, the Eduoa- tioo Act, Reform of the Constitution, and other subjects then before the country. He then stated that he was opposed to payment of' mem bers and free trade in liquors. . He told them local interest would' not suffer from liiin being a local man: He' would proceed to-Bbovr hoi had been faithful to his promises. The question at : last election was Constitutional. Reform "or the Norwegian scheme proposed by Mr Francis.) He supported that scheme, but it came to grief- through the illness and letirement oft.; Mr Francis: Afterwards he became Treasurer in the ICerferd! Administration, he did! then as Treasurer, what ho had. told them- he: believed beforehand:;, he introduced' a' budget sweeping away the trammels that erabarrassed tralo. He had to make" his first budget speech: four weeks after he took office, when it was impossible for him:to propose any comprehensive aolieme; but he took off half million duties, and half, million off thu-ad' valorem" duties; bntrlie" was nof sup ported' by the Free Traders, even' their journal, the Tarrangower TimeB, characterised him as a weatlisrcock. Carrying, that' budget! was . of', vast importance, as it recognised the principle: that-all duties that trammelled. trade. should, be swept away;.,- Yet, his proposal was lost by -the- desertion offreo trndors.Itwasa question mow J if it would not have been better- to-haveiac- I ceptod ai smalli proteotion on three small articles I as proposed to1 him,- and- get' large free' trade. - But- ho thought he might fairly claim their sup port' for what lie attempted to do. As to Min ing on Private1 Property Kq supported it on all' I occasions. Considerable discussions took place' on the Education A'ot, and ho always gavo.votes. in support of it. . It. would -be recollected lie op posed the proposal of Sir James M'Cullooh fop, an income tax. He supported the principle for restricting the. number of pqbUo houses, leaving it td ratepayers to deciria wHethar the houses should be, inoreased or hot." . He believed he had dot ilOglScted lorial inteteJls, as would be testified - by -the Shire Council. (Cheers.) Havltik disposed of those measures lie -plsdgedv hims'Slf to they could now judge fairly of his actions - in . Parliament. The simple fact of there being'four Ministries in three years accounted for the small value to be placed upon the legislation. It was simply a battlo of putting " ins out and the outs in, ' so it waB not to be" wondered at there being such a beggarly account -to give of legislation, when the great strife was for personal aggrandisement. The. session was fruitless because it was deter mined it Bhould be fruitless. Several gentlemen" deliberately banded themselves together to pre vent work going :on, and resorted to every pos sible stratagem of bogus motions for that end. That' was called nagging in those days, but later it was called stonewalling, though both parties intended the same, the aim being to prevent business going on, there was hardly anything to .1 1 1. 1L |nM!nlAtlnn Utlf tllO "Rlllla Buow a» nie reauii ui iBiotttviuu uuu — »» mates. In the session of 1875 important mea sures had to be dealt with, but the gentlemen in opposition thought and planned that the Ministry should come to grief. But the Budget of 1875, to the annoyance of these plotters, gave general satisfaction to the country. The Go vernment, however, was opposed by two sec tions, viz., the protectionists under Mr Berry, and the. other under Sir J. M'Cullooh; who were allied by no principle, and who only flaunted their ensign of the death's head aud cross-bones. (Laughter and cheers.) A defeat from Mr Barry sailing under colours would not be dishonour able, but a defeat by M'CuUooh.was different, — he was a mere pirate. (A voice : "If we hud !him hero we would give it to him with a few rotten eggs.") Still, withal these combina'ions !the Berry Government never was defeated, but resigned, while Sir James M'Oulloch was content to sit down and enjoy his ill-gotten gains. See ing he could not forma Government unleaB he I allied himself with others who opposed his view s, he joined them, and carried out their principle, rather than his own. According to him the : principle announced by Mr Service was enough ' to sink any Government, but the same principle propounded by Sir James M'Oulloch was of the ! finest kind. (Laughter.) There was no veil 'thrown over this plain, undisguised, Belf-seck- -iog, selfish, and unprincipled longing for office, | which Begot all the evils that followed. Suc cessful intrigue was not calculated to improve 'political honesty, so that if leaders of the House like M'Oulloch plotted for power in Parliament and if their conduct was condoned by the press, !atir1 Ku nannlo nnf nf rlnnra Win ik tn hfi TOflll« dered at that their degrading example was fol lowed) In fact the real originator of stone walling wall Sir JameS M'Oulloch. Stonewalliug was but nagging revived, a mere plan to prevent ihe business of the country being carried out. (Cheers.) Nagging had kid gloves, and was deemed reputable, , but stonewalling was rough and iudecent, but they were, nevertheless, the same. . Nagging agaioBt Kerferd was right, but stouewalliDg against Sir James M'Culloch was wrong, was -unconstitutional, outrageous, could not be borne. - With respect to gagging, it was said it did riot interfere with the ordinary de bates; Those who said so- had short memories, as was shown by Mr Berry when he quoted from Hansard' the' other" day about the vote for the three million' loan Bill. He'(Mi1 Service) was himself concerned in oiie cdse' about the Wa'rr- namBodl1 harbour vote, for he considered it a good job./ The marine surveyor who was Brought to Bless this work cursed it. . He examined the reports, and-oould only say that all pronounced upon it in the reports condemned the work. . It was -a question of L10,000 directly,, and in directly cftLl'OO, 000, and it was passed under, the gag. Naturally he expected- the Govern ment would give information as to how this work was to be proceeded with, but Mr Jones rose up and proposed that the question be put, and it was put. (Shame.) Nor did'the evil- end in the number of times the gag was used-; 'it went further in the terror it exercised over disouasion;- rie certainly wouia ce no party to toe intro duction of this gagging Bill in the new Parlia ment. A member boasted of it as being a good, but had he been in opposition, he would have told- another tale. Any rule of that sort o.ught to be assented to by all parties. However,, the; exercise which had been made of it would pre vent its repetition. Time would fail him to give a whole review. of the measures in Parliament, but he must notice that Sir Jas.; M'CuUpch re ceived two defeats, upon which the Ministry Should havo retiaed, though they clung to office under the plea they had a- majority in the House. If men- would band together itf that way there was an end of constitutional Government.' Where he would'ask, was the use' of men being so intimi dated that they tli'ey dbre'riot vote against Minis try lebt they wpul'd Opdet the Government/ Of Course, all knew that the excuse for sticking to office was to prevent (he Berry Ministry getting back,- which they thought would never do. In. his : opinion ! the representatives of various con stituencies . met equally' on the) floor of the, Houses. , (Cheers.) : .Why should- Warrnarabool 8ay. ,to!.Geelppg . " You are my inferior." If there was a superior let it be shown, by works and adherence to principles,- (Cheers;) , if one party would arrogate ariperiority they "should prove they were aqtuatedly .better motives rather than By motives bettef"cohc"ealedi" (Oheers.) jSurning to matters of - more. immediate interest, .to things before them, he would1 ribtir1 touch upon taxation. His.own .viowa-.wera disclosed in his budget speech" of 1875', arid liVsaV rio Veason to 'modify, those- views.. In effect they were the shifting of the burden of' taifation from those who. , had no, property, to , those who had. Amongst' tha taxes" he pro'pWed", were1 S stainip itax ' arid a' bank tax, and he' also proposed a" revision of duties to the extent of cuttin'g'off iL230,000. , In - proposing to tax , the wealthy 'classes he thought oare should be' taken1 to"1 tax' them'- as far- as1 could be done. The-tax should be announced aa.one tliat would press fairly all round to avoid the feeling oft injustice. Of course, circumstances might so vary that it would be necessaryfor the Parliament to secure a particular tax. His pwn land tax, that of Mr Berry's arid of Bir1 James- M'Oullbioh's were all rejected by the holders of universal suffrage. Personally, he was in favour of a land tax as contraj distinguished from a- property, tax. Sir James M-'Cuiloch wanted, to tax property as' such, whereas he- (Mr Service) was for a land tax;-: He. was, ; however, opposed, to a-Bursting- up tax; How oould: the State claim tho in creased inorement, it reserved no rights at sale' and had. no- idea of snch a right. It was non sense to say one party to a bargain could alter its condition. (Cheers.)/ The, persons; who owned these large estates, it' was'said, bought theni at low rates. Tho faot was many' of' them sold their lnnds, and went away, and therefore the purchasers would be made respon sible:— The" State" had a right to- resume- the- iland8, but if lands were taken away from Sir Samuel/Wilson or Mr Clark theso proprietors were entitled to full compensation. The State had no' lien,. but could resume lands for public purposes. If taxation/ was gone;, in-for on: land, it should- be on tho- prinoiple thht land ought to be taxed: 'He-thonghtfrom-its nature it ought to be taxed higher than other properly. With reference, to/the accumulation of/ large estates; he viowed them with miseivioirR. fin nmv f.Viom turned into grazing; The territory was not large; and-it-should be settled up'on a-oonifort-' able proprietary, : not turned into- grazing- land or let to n tenant farmers. Ho considered , the new Parliament should seo how this evil was to be avoided in future. Who oould say the small properties had' been wholly'evil ? / Whiiit1 would1 have been the position of small farmers'unless thoy sold' their ' farms' ot got' more land towork upon?- Out of evil good 'would oome, so- there was>- the oomfort that though accumula tion' was; ani- ovilj-'yet the people who sold the' small estates had improved their means. Ho oould Beo no benefit-in-, burstingiup large estates so long as purchasers oould get Oyowri laqd with ten yriar'S to purchase their ! right; Let them Bettlh the drdnn !ands of the colfltiy and the peoplej arid the Parlianiant would find a solu tion of any difficulty that might- hrlie by fair legislation. Tile question of settlement upon those lands had to be considered. It was not so much gettifig people on the lands as keeping them on their settlements, he regarded as__the backbone of the colony and the residence clause as -indispensable; Turning to the subject of Free Trade and Protection, he must say he was heartily sick of it. Though a free-trader he had n,0 Sympathy with those free traders who made broad their phylacteries, and thanked God they were not as other men were. (Cheers.) He did not believe thore was inconsistency in a free trader administering a protectionist tax, and he Baid so altogether free from personal feeling; (Cheers.) He was led to this remark by what was said by a learned professer the other day, who said he hoped there would 'be no more coalitions, a3 ho. thought them lowering to pub lic men.- Was free trade more, sacred than any oinB priuuijjio t iivu ,111111 tuho ttu luuauiaiiiuiii Suppose a protectionist Ministry was in office and oueted, then who wasto take office ? If the theory was correct no person could administer a tariff that was in any way opposed to another party. . Strictly speaking a Government could not be formed of nine men who could riot agre upon all things. Extreme notions such at held by 1 Professor Pearson drove practical men1 out of their free trade ranks, and disorganised tbe parly. Free traders and protectionists agreed that the tariff must respect existing industries, and there were no candidates proceeding upon extinguishing industries. (A voice: "Murray Smith.") The questions (between free traders and protectionists were two,— the extension and the permanence of protection. As to oxtemioo, the question was not important, as the tangled mass in the tariff comprehended almost every thing, so it had little room to; extend itself. But the pi incipal question was as to whether proteotion was to be a temporary expedient- or a permanent policy. He could not understand' how any class of men who had to live by toil .woold consent to contribute through thp Ciis-' toons a portion of their hard earnings to inorease the earnings of others. (Cheers.) He could understand the temporary argument, . but riot- the permanent one. There was an argument that industries by producing ' competition lowered prices, but in reality competition did . not always cheapen prices, as he iriight illustrate by the article of candles. The makers are prtri tectpd 2d a lb, and have commenced to export to other colonies, but when they sell candleS in Melbourne they charge lid more than when siuppuu iu .cLu&iuaa.; vuuipetiuon or, mat, sore might protect candle works in Melbourne, but it did not benefit people in Maldoo; (Cheers.) - Loving our neighbours better than ourselves had no law whatever. (Laughter.) . LIOO.OOO had been sunk and lost in . establishing thaf" industry, and he did not blame the capitalists in trying to be refunded, ;The argument, was : one that applied to many articles beyond candles and went to show that competition did , not always' cheapen to colonial ooosumers. -"It was - only by making protection temporary the objeot ' could be secrir'ed' that w'Ps set 'iri ' vievt.-' We'r'P 1 this .understood the ghost of, protection could 'be laid. , It' was docfrinaiYeV who talked, wrote", and worked confo'siori.-me'ri who had riot piac- tical experience of /heir 'theories. When iri/ " dusfries' were firmly; tabfishpd protection' bright . to be swept a'way in" OrderjYfiat" tve afi'tfulii' the benefit oft the: protectipn . we gave. them. (Oheers.) jU present 'tke'protectiori principle did not get fair-play as there was no assuYahee of permanence;. and- the free. traders did not- get fair play by paying, for proteotion. There was; , however, d fair' chance of the question being now settled, - arid he earnestly , hoped the electors oft-SlaWon would see they did not pay lid more for their: candles than their neigh bours across the1 Murray. -He" did' not regard ' the Education- question settled, for he believed Roman Cathdifcs'wouldi strive fill they obtained" a separate gnirit. "Hq t'hought theni unreason able -in asking" for what' they hWd never con- ceded' to' pthP'rs'. /So', lorig as trip Pope ruTed' in Rome a Hfotpsffinrs'chool' was' riot allowed id Rome. _ The// Pope. 'thought lie made a great concession by aflowi'ng a mild clause !t'o'Bpairi fo al.lpw,. Protestant! 'Io worship affer' their own Way." The,. Catholics. Bad'./ perfeot .liberty /tp ereot ..qhurch'es aud worship, but wanted 'a se parate grant on what they calkjd a pleq of con science. There were but two ways of violating conscience,- either by persecution or compulsion. Neither of these was used' in their Softools./ ' If Catholics, d.id. not like to send their children tp" schools they could build their o wu echools and reach the children. That he thought was a very 'mild-' species", of persecution'.: -(Cheers.) The;prinpiple that must be accepted is that, the majority must rule, and Catholics must accord with that principle. To make the' concession they wanted would .destroy the grand principle: that had been established. He was glad to seo so many Catholics avail themselves of! the school teaching, and could see no liarih in their children learning along with Protestant children their ABC together (Cheers.) - He was opposed to payment of members? for He believed it had deteriorated 'tlie House' So' long as electors have votes tliey would select men who were fit for Parliament. The' prinPiple: had 18d to injury, to democracy, as'meii were returned wHo.' - we,re' unworthy of their charge. (Cheers!)' -No onb" now would think of reading debates in, Hansardi" His feelings upon assisted imnligi-atiori . were struckM by seeing other ..colonies!- -'progressing' inipopulatioriJ beyond our 'own: ' He -would welcome a system that would help to build up tho nation. The old ques- tion of reform of tho. Legislative Council , was still/ unsettled. Though the House had been improved ' by tlie- introduction of now men, still it wasfiir ' apart from sympathy witii the masses: / The mining on private property bill liad.becn frequently thrown ' out- by it; and ho -confessed some plan ought fobs/ adopted to prevent sixteen men from ruliog the destinies of the country. About Sunday trading-' lio had spoken before, and believed" an hour or twd" would not content publicans, who- wanted 'Sunday1! trading as lie concluded by the action of the pub'-: beans. Tliey banded together in Melbourne to close their houses on Sunday, thinking to miffio ' a great rflapnnn lint, iirlinn LU n.. sv . O .- ..... , „„„„ inpon noDouy (lanced. : there was a clean sheet of drunkards on Monday mormiig. He was against Sunday trading altogether.'' Respootmg Sir James M 'Cullooli's speech at Warr- - nambool, it was just "cauld- kad liot up again.-" -. (Laughter. A voice: What's that?) It is soup ' warmed up again. All tlie subjects contained iff ' the policy were mentioned in the Govoriioi-'s speech'" iu 1875, and how was it tliey wero not disposed of »' Were, thoy the waters of Tantalus, or the stones of S'syphiis; .rolling ; up the hill to come back again? But tor Sir Jas. M'Culloeli there would havp beeii a land tax, andL200,000 soouied that was lost to w„CT y' ,r hun raihvay oxtonsion would have been years advanced; 'But for liim' Civil' whlVtf W01lld bo' nocomplishod; and so on 1 m r, h' mSMrea' Tho very measures Sir Culloch placed before the country were- those lie nagged to death m 1875.. (Oheera.)' He had not contributed one siriglo idea to the Govern- n nrlpr- f lio tr 7f in proposals wero in print under tlie Government. Tlio oulv differ, enomwas in the land tax. He made Sdeft ! hSr -Tif10 mighr for 110 swallowed a'whole budget without a wry face. (Laughter.! Ho still clung to the Hawkesdale railway, tut said little of hnh/tret t f . t0' the &iHlray.; to prevent' trade M'CnlWU611 - be krieiv Sir 'James lnoant 'what lib' proposed.— theftvi 1 PPbcy' was to study'the pliasek oft! tiffi .% would „ v. - aiw. iu-uimoon dYinc-for nnwPy'i- (La»ellter-)'' Ho '(Mr Service) hoped the ,Zr'ire'!t. would have sonietbing better to woul l nfr ,18" pol'y" a"d lle hoped the country, mbila "ouucortain sound. Lot tliom' be'unanf-; what ho declan?g that the man that supports to-day' to dJ vn-fFli0-10 yesterday should have nothing! 9 yiotoria- (Lou<v a 0f fi"estiolis Bad, been nnswereil,: lvrlo,l nh l nCO,-propo,8l1 by Mr Travors, wkS , 'riqfly. roturnodtlianksj/aiul proposeil a vote of thanks to tlio Chairman. Three groans 