FICTION. (ßnm Kailtok, Ana.ricn, and olb.r Periodical». THE MYSTERY OP ATHERSTONE GRANGE. CHAPTER XVIII. AN OVERDOSE OF LAUDANUM. i Take her up tenderly, Lift her with care, Fashioned so slenderly, Young, and so fair. -Hood. Norton Atherstone and his family bad changed much with tho changing years that had flitted by since Pieroe Atherstone had renounced hie son and deolared them his hers. The childron that had flitted about the rectory and make the old house ring with the prattle of their little voices, had grown up and left batB and balls and dolls far behind them in their life's journey The eldest son-named Leonard, after his cousin-was dead. His grave lay under the blue, sea, and those who bad loved him so dearly in life would see him no more till they met him on the threshold of heaven. He had gone away with all a boy's ardour to his new career, and for three years he had come homo from his voyages safo and prosperous Then there had oome a time when " he was not," and then, after a time, the news that comes now and then to so many a silor's home, of storm and wreok, and horror, and of brave men struggling with death unaided and alone. A battered cap, with its stained and sea washed badge, was all that the mother bad of her darling ; but she knew that he h&d; died fearlessly and doing his duty, and time, the great healer, softened the grief, and made tho memory of the lost lad less a thing of pain as the years moved on. The second son, Noel, a fine young man, the right hand of his father and the darling of his inothor, had ohosen the army for his profession, and was already spoken of as a thing and active young offioor. He was about twenty four years of age at the time of his ooupin's death. The third son, Walter, was intended for the Church, and was already curate to his father, and a most useful coadjutor in all his parish work. After these three sons oame a daughter-Lil- lian, "sweet lily, flower of spring," as some enamoured poet once called her in the sentimen- tal column of the Leamington Advertiser. Mr. and Mrs Athcrstone and the boys all laughed mightily at this poem, which was luckily annoy mons ; but Lilly out tho scrap out and treasured it up, thinking it was very nice to be admired even by a man who wrote in newspapers. Her name expressed her perfcotly. She was white and innooent-looking, like the lily-modest and retiring. Men and sentimental women admired her very much. Bounoing young ladies, with plenty of flesh on their bones and colour in their cheeks, and strong-minded women, with " notions," thought her a " poor holploss thing," and sneered at the delicaoy of her skin and the softneeB of her lustrous eyes. I Tho sunshine of the old rectory was pretty Lillian, and her mother felt a little natural regret that the fortune, whioh would have gone so for to embellish her beauty, and make a good plaoe for her in the world, should come after all . to the very person the old equiro had wished to disinherit. She knew that her hutband had done all in hi« power to prevent the will being 'signed, and sho know he was right; but she ' was a mother, and thought of her ohildron's loee, not her own. She rather dreaded the advent of the unknown daughter of the hapless Leonard An actress ! loud vjbioed and stagey doubtless, who would fill the ola house with objectionable company, and make 5the na ne of A,therstone a by*woid in all the ooantry side. It was terrible to think of, and thd>co£or's wife inwardly re- solved to keep horjjdaughter from any oon \- tamination of the nfcw cousin's acquaintance They wero free of tie old house now, and the young people spent inost of their time there; but before their nen| cousin oame homo they " would havo to vaoa'ajit, that it might be swept and garnished, and prepared for its mistress. Lilian Äthers tone's ¿part was very sad io this time of anticipation t Truth to tell, it had gone over tho sea to mtetJBeryl along with Graham Carson. The young lawyer had never told his love, save with eyes, more eloquent th&n; even ' lips; but ho had pressed her hand when be parted from her, and begged her to think of him, and when ho let if go, a tiny locket lay in her palm, with a beautifully tinted hoad of tbegiver inside It never loft Lilian's neok, and if her father and mother guesssd what layj>erdu at the end of the thin gold chain round her slender throat, thoy were discreet, .and said nothing. There was no objeotion to the union, oxoept Lilian's youth. Mr. Carson's son was no bad matoh for a olergyman's daughter; he was 'young, well educated, of good family, and would be rich -So the reotor and his wife resolved to let things take their coarse, and Lilian nnder .stoo'd the tacit oonaent, and was very happy. It was a great trial of her fortitude to hare him go \ away on such an errand. "It waa so far," she said, "and all sorts of ^things might happen to him ;" one of the things being the possibility of theheiress being fasoin ' aiing, and his learning to like her. 8hex need have bad no fear. Neither Beryl Atherstone'i beauty nor her wealth were likely to oast her image from Graham Canon's-heart. One message had come flashing ander the bea from him, and Lillian had treasured the sense les paper, ai though his band bad written the words his lips bad dictated. It was very brief, bat satisfactory : '. Graham Carson to Norton Atheratone. " Arrived safely. Mrs. Atherstone dead. Miss Atherstone all that could be desired. Return with her by Psyche." The reotor's pretty danghter had many mis" givings ovor this brief notice. If Beryl was all that oould be desired, she was of courso pretty and fasoinating- very likely aooompliBhed and olever aa well-and Graham would bo shut up with her for two whole months. The idea was appalling, and Lillian wept bitter tears over it, though had she known, Bbe might have been at ease on that score. Graham Carson had boen left behind in Melbourne, and the Psyohe waB speeding home with the heiress alone. The day after the discovery of Master Jack Blogg in the forohold of the ship, Captain Bol- ton and Dr. Twist were chatting together on the bridge. They were intimate friends, &B; well as brother offioora, and had made many voyages together in more than onoship. The captain was wont to say that in the event of anything hap- pening to him the dootor oould handle the ship as well as any officer on board j and Dr. Twist always affirmed that there was no need for him, except for form's sake, for that the eaptain and his medioioe ohest were equal to any omer gency. "The ladies are beginning to get np," the oaptain remarked, as one or two shawled and hooded forms were seen on the quarter-deok " Let us go aft, and see how they are getting on." " I suppose we shall have the heiress and her friend up soon," the dootor remarked. " Tbey have both boen singularlySprostrate ; but the stewardess has looked after them well she tells me. There's something the matter there. Bol- ton, oomo along." j He broke off his speech about the girls, and hurried aft, the oaptain following with all speed. A slight form, olad in deep black, had rushed np the poop stairs, uttering shriek upon shriek, and bad shrunk down in the midst of a bewildered group', .ja a paroxysm of sobs and moans. « What, ia yit ? "Who is\t ?" demanded the doctor, arriving^ bíeathlessly^-t the scene of aotion. * ' *. It was one of the girls they had been speaking of, he saw at a glanoe. The next told him it was Beryl Atherstone, and ho oalled her by her name " Yes, I am Miss Atherstone," she said " Come quiok. She's dying I" " Soe ! Who ?" " Miss Rhodos 1 Ursula ! Oh, oomo and help her ! I can't find anybody " Tho dootor went on the instant, and every- body on the dock rushed after him in a wild state of alarm ; while the oaptain lifted the slight form of Beryl from the dook. " I hope you are mistaken," he said. " Miss Rhodes may bo only fainting." " No, sho's dying-dying 1" Beryl said vehe mently. « Oh, what shall I do ?" What shall Ido?" The oaptain carried her down into the saloon, where all was wild oonfusion. The ladies were soreaming, sobbing, or talking in a terrified group round the door of Beryl's state room, and the stewardess, with a faco as white as the towels she was holding, was trying with nil her might to restore something like the semblance of order among her skrieking charges. Tho daotor was inside the lit tip room, but emerged just as the captain laid Beryl on a oouch in the saloon. " Well ?" he said, as ho saw his friend's grave und anxious faoe " She right," the dootor said, with a look to- wards Buryl. " The poor girl's dead." " Dead !" " Yes " ".But how?" "I shall know more about that by-and-by Ladies, pray clear away from the door, and go to your borths for a little while. Nothing oin be done till there is a little more room." He was pretty generally obeyed, some little shrieks of terror and inoipient hysterics being promptly quelled by the knowledge that the stewardess would be too busyto attend to any- one ; and then Dr. Twist went to Beryl's side end told her her fears were realised-Ursula Rhodes wasjindeed, dead-had been so for some little time The hand he had lifted when ho entered the berth had been the hand of a oorpeo, and he had had muoh ado to olose the eyes, whioh seemed to be looking so blankly baokmto the world tho young spirit had left so suddenly. Beryl burst into hysterical screams when she heard the words. " Dead !" sho screamed. " Ursula dead ! Oh ! I said so, but I did not believe it. Oh, it isn't true-it oan't bo true !" " It is true, my dear," the oaptain said sadly, pitying hor from his heart. " You were quite right" " And I am all alone-here on the sea with- out a friend! Oh, I shall die, too! I know I shall-I hope I shall !" " Not you, my dear. We'll take caro of you, and seo you safe to England. ; You'll get, over it in time. Here, sfcewardessMÎako her into an- other state room-No. 4 if vooant-and make her comfortable. Dootor,¡(you'd better pass the word forward for some woroon to bear a hand in yonder.'' The sooner it is. cleared out of hero the better." V Ursula Rhodes was only "ti" now-a thing to be turned from with horror, and oonsigned to the keeping of the deep blue sea as soon as possible " " All right." Dr. Twist's tone waB strangely absent, and he scorned to be looking a long way off as he spoke " It seems to have knoôked you out of time, Twist. It is an awful affair, isn't it ?" " Awful !" " That poor young thing ! no wonder she's half dead with fright. What do you think caused it, dootor ?" " I shall know better by-and-by. I muBt ask Miss Atherstone a few questions when she is oalm enough to answer thom." " That won't bo yet awhile, I fanoy. Well, I must leave the whole affair in your hands. Do al) you think proper in the matter." Dr. Twist lost no time. A deoent woman, an old soldier's wife, UBod to Budden emergencies of all sorts, oame from the fore oabin to assistât the last toilette of the dead, and went about her business skilfully an;l without any fuss. Dr. Twist made a close examination of the corpse, and when he had finished, he turned round and said quietly to the stewardess " This girl has been poisoned." "Poisoned, sir !" "Yes, with this." He held op a bottle, which had been lying almost udder the oorpae/ou tho edge of the berth. . -¿ 'v " It's laudanum, ain't 1», ,air ?" asked t|ie woman who waa helping. "Yes, I mast know bow it was given her, and why. She has died from an overdose of the drug, acting opon na already weakened stomeob, no doubt What do you know about it, steward- ess ?" " Not much, sir. If that's laudanum-" " It is." "I didn't know. There's no label on the bottle- She's done nothing but sip at it ever sinoe she carne aboard. She began at it before we left Melbourne." " What for ?" " Earaohe, as I understand, sir. She aekod me for wool and brandy to put to it, and I got her some ; but she mostly said ' No/ when I asked her if I oould do anything for her." " Was she very siok ?" " Hardly so bad as Miss Atherstone, sir. I heard her say that the ' modioine'-she didn't name it-kept that off, and she wanted her to take some, but the young lady wouldn't, and begged Miss Rhodes not to, but she was quite Bhort with her about it, and said it was the only thing that eased her pain." " Dear me 1 what fools women oan be," said Dr. Twist wrathfully. " Whçn did you see her alive last ?" -\ " When I took her her breakfast, sir." " *%. "Not sinoe?" \ N " I've seen ber lying in her berth. I icirew she was there, that was all. Miss Atheratono got np and dressed, though it was as much as she oould do; and at lunoh time she asked me for some strong tea. The other young lady was alive then, for she oalled her by her name, Ursula, and asked her would she have some tea, too, and she answered her in a sleepy kind of way, though I didn't hear what she said. I took in two oups of tea, and they were both used." " And have you not seen thom sinoe ?" " I went in at dinner-time ; but Miss Ather stone said she could not venture to eat She seemed stronger, I thought, and took a little brandy and a biscuit. Miss Rhodes was covered up in her berth fast asleep, and the other young lady said she hoped she was better. I went in and out while dinner was going on, and after- wards I was busy, and I heard nothing more till Miss Atherstone screamed so loudly on deck, and thoy carno and told me Miss Rhodes was dead." She oould toll nothing more; she was ovidently speaking nothing but the simple truth, and the doctor received her story with gravo silenoe " It's an awkward, queer affair," he said pre- sently. "I don't think you are to blame in any way, stewardess, though you might, perhaps, have looked a little more closely after these girls than you bave done." " I did my bost, sir," she said deprecatingly ; " but with a oabin full of 'em, and all sick at once, it's difficult to wait on them as you would. You seo the young ladies gave very little trouble, and I was glad to have more time to attend upon others " True," said the doctor. " Well, well, we must make the best of it. I'll see Miss Atherstone as soon as the women have finished here. Make her understand I want to speak to her, will you ? I won't worry her moro than is neoessary." The stewardess said she would, and the doctor left, to make preparations for the removal of the oorpse to a convenient placo amidships, as far from anyone's sleeping apartment as possible His manner was strangely hard and cold through- out; but that might bo professional, still it was not pleasant. ".Looked at mo, ho did, as though he thought I'd killed the poor thing," the stewardess said when he waa gone. " I wish he had a whole cabin full of shrieking woroon to wait on hand and foot, that I do ; it would let him know what there is to bo dono here. How was I to know that she was worse than usual ? They neither of them made any complaint " She felt herself deoidedly aggrieved at the turn affairs had taken, and told Beryl, when she went to prepare her for seeing the dootor, that he was very cross and disagreeable, and would ask her all sorts of rude questions. But Beryl did not oarc. She was too stunned and overwhelmed to feel anything yet but the awful sense of loneliness which had oome with Ursula's death. " I don't know anything-I can't tell any- thing exoopt that I looked at her and found her dead," she said piteously. " Tell him so, please, and don't let him worry me." But Dr. Twist waB not to be put off-he would question Boryl, and whatever her feelings might have been, she answered him calmly and cohe- rently enough. She know Ursula took lauda- num, she said She had been suffering violently from neuralgic pains all the time they had been on board. She had begged her not to take so much, but she would do it, and that wab all she knew. She thought she was asleep when she herself got up, and so did not attempt to disturb her. This was all sho oould toll, and it was told with bitter tears, and everyone on board felt for the lonely girl, now so isolated from all the friends she had in the world, and going to begin a new existence among strangers, uuproteotcd and alone. CHAPTER XIX. > READY FOR HER GRAVE Cross her hands humbly As it prayine dumbly, Over her breast. y - Hood Night fell over the good ship Psycho, and her living freight settled down into something like calmness after the painfuj^exoitement of the day. Beryl Atherstone lay in her berth, the stewardess, at her oarnest request, ocoupying the one made vacant by poor Ursula's death Her terror at being leftEalone in that tiny place was quite natural ; thoiEh only a thin planking separated her from the lidies in the naxt berth, she seemed to be all by herself, and begged the woman to stay with her. She was terribly pros trated, anbVthe captain was really alarmed about her condition. Dr. Twist, however waB of a different opinion " She'll be all right in a day or two," he said. " She's only a bit shaken. A girl whose's going home to inherit £20,000 a year won't let a little frighten her out of the world. Miss Beryl Atherstone is tolerably strong-minded, or I'm very muoh mistaken." "I don't believe you like the poor thing, Twist," said the captain, looking ouriouBly at his friend. " To tell the troth, Bolton, I dont." "Why?" " Ah, there you puzzle me. You know what Shakespeare saya- , Ther« ore more thlngi In hearts, ind earth, Horatio, x : . Than are dreamt of in your philosophy. And I always take «naooounf able likes and dis- likes to belong to that category. I do not like this girl, andl shall find out why before the roy age is over. The feeling earn« upon me when she came screaming np to say her friend was dead, and Toan'» get rid of it.rt " You are an odd fish, Twist." " I've sean a lot of life, my boy, and learned to distrust most of my follow mea, that's all. What a glorious moon I" " Yes ; BO far this young gold mino seems to have brought UB luoky weather. Is her fortune really £20,000?" " More or less per annum. Perhaps I drew the bow a little, but it's big enough to make one's mouth water. There's a splendid estate and a fine house, and heaps of back rents and funded money, all coming to this slip of a girl. And if she don't play the devil with it," added the dootor to himself, " I never read a faoo a right in my life." He stayed on deck late, as the night was so fine, smoking, and looking dreamily out over the sea. Presently he oaught himsolf nodding, and roused himself with a shrug and a laugh to see one of the sailors standing ppposito him. The man touohed his cap respeotfully I " Beg pardon, sir," he began. " Ah, I was asleep, I think," said the dootor, shaking himself,'with a laugh. Want me, my man ?" "f"îi yon ploase, sir." 'HSome one ill in the foreoabin, eb ?" * " No, sir : it's the boy-him as was stowed away ?" " Ob, that young rascal. What has he been doing ? Climbing about and damaging himself, 1 suppose ?" " No, sir, he ain't misohievons. He's quiet enough, though the oheekicst young devil as ever I see with his tongue. I think he won't talk no more-he's took." "Ho'swAaf?" " Took, sir, for death." "What ails him?'' " Fits, sir, that hard that tbcro's no holding him, when his eyes turns np, and his fists dutches, and there's no sense to bo got out of him. We done all that wo oould, a<-d if you'd oomo and see what ails him we'd bo vory glad." " I'll oomo. What have you done ?" " Well, sir, we tried to give him a drop of rum, but none on it went down his mouth : and thon we shook him, and we'vo poured pretty nigh two buckots of water over him. It don't spem any use." " Well, perhaps it's hardly the treatment for the oomplaint," said Dr. Twist. " I'll seo what I can do." He went to the stifling little den whore the orow had their berths, and there he found Jack Blogg, in about as deplorable a state as oouid well be. He had " oomo to," as the men expressed it, to aoertain extent-that is, he had left off kioking and clutching his hands and teeth, and was lying on the fhor, moaning and shivering violently It was no oase of shamming, aB bad bconoharitably suggested by one or two of the more oallous of the men. Jack Blogg was really very ii!, and Dr. Twist saw in a moment that he was\o " Get him into a dry shirt, sonio of you," ho said, "and put him into his berth. It's as much as his life worth to let him lie in that, state. Go aft for a dram of brandy, some one, and get a little hot water from the oook's galley." While his orders were being exeouted, tho dootor questioned tho man, but could get at nothing tending to explain the canse of Jaok Blogg's illness. He had proved himself a very usoful boy,and the men wero well disro ed towards him, his only fault appearing to hi bia " check," as they told the dootor. His sharp wits and untiring tongue were always reidy with a retort, no matter what was said to him. "Had any ono boen thrashing him?" the dootor asked. " Ropes' ends didn't agree with every boy, and too much beating might easily bring on a fit " But ho was assured that the lad had not been touohed. " There was never any cause to boat him," the men deolared. He worked well and willingly, and it was quite certain ho was not starved The rations on board the Psyche wero good bnd decently served out, and no one had over any'oause of oomplaint in that way. All that Dr. Twist could gathor was, that the boy had been missed from his berth by the man next to him, and almost before any remark had been made, be had come tumbling down the steps, "soreeobing liko a young tiger oat," and had fallen -von the floor in strong oonvulsions. Furthermore, it was stated that ho had been seen prowling round that part of the ship where "it" lay (the men oould not bring themselves to speak in any othor fashion of poor Ursula Rhodes), and that he seemed to want to see the corpse, though for what reason no ono oould divine. It would not have been difficult. Tho oorpse, lay, reverently disposed and ooverod with white shoots and soft blankets, on tho grating from whioh, in tho morning, it would bo shot into the blue water. The wholo was covered with tarpaulin and seourcd, in case of any extra rolling of the ship ; but it would have been easy for a boy like Jaok Blogg to get a sight of the face of tho body had he bsen so disposed. The sailmakors' part of the business hud been left to the daylight of the morrow- the afternoon was too far advanood at the time of the poor girl's death for it to bo done that day Perhaps if it had, Jaok Blogg might have been savod from his fits for that night at least. Ho washery ill now, and it took some little time, even with the assistance of hot brandy and water and dry clothes1 to bring him baok to bis senses ; but even when they did return, ho was terribly frightened. Visions of condign punish ment for the trouble ho had »iven flitted before his eyes, and his terror was ridiculous in tho ex- treme. " I didn't mean to be took, sir," ho said with ohattering teeth. "It was all along of-" "Of what?" But Master Blogg Boomed as though he had said too muoh, and stopped, and if was with great difficulty that the dootor cxtraoted any more from him. " Along of eeoing it; sir," ho said I wanted to see it, and I did ; and I never see a body as frightened me so in all my life before." This was enigmatioal, to say the least of it, for Dr. Twist had remarked on the extreme pla oidity of thovfeatures of poor Ursula Rhodes. The boy must have the natural horror of death inherent in some people " Did you ever see a eopso before, my lad ?" he asked ,, " Scores, sir." " Ever touoh one ?" " Lots of times-drowned people, and such, on the beach at Melbourne " " And you were not afraid of them ?" " Not a bit." " But you were of her ?" "Yes". - . . ! « Why r ' ' I But Jaok could not be brought to tell why. "Because I knowed Miss Rhodes by eight when she waa alive, I suppose," was all he would say, and Dr. Twist went back to his own do. minions thinking deeply. He gave Jaok Blogg enough brandy-and water to inBure his having a night's rest, and laid a Btriot injunction on the | men that he was to be allowed to sleep in peace. " What has frightened the boy Uko this ?" ho thought to himself, "for it is fright, there's no mistake about that. I'll take a look at Miss Rhodes myself." ^ He oalled one of the watoh tobring him a lan- tern, and with the man in most unwilling attendance, walked to the plaoe were the dead girl lay. Hè^ removed tho oovering from the plaoid face, now rJf¡4 in, the ioy coldness of death, and lookedV&tfand; earnestly at the plaoid face. Then he pushed aside the long, rippling hair, that had been neatly arranged over the temples in rather a prim style by the woman who had straightened the oorpse, and finally out off a little bit and put it4n his pocket-book. " To send to her friends," he said to the man, who look rather surprised at, his prooediugs. j " I don't think any one else has thought of it. j See that no oàe, disturbs this plaoe any more. I find that lad BloggMias been poking about here. Keep him Wl! Iib comes again." " I don't know whore he don't poke and spy where he has no business," said the man gruffly. " I'll take oare he don't oome here no more, your honour." Jaok Blogg was better the next morning, and before tho hour fixed for the funeral was sum- moned to the dootor's oabin, where tbat gentle- man talked to him very earnestly. When he dismissed him, Dr. Twist's faee wore a ourious, puzzled look, and, with his hand on the door, he detained the lad for another minuto. " I can't believe you," ho said. " I'm afraid you have beon tollbg me a lie " " Wish I may' die if I have, sir," said the boy, blubbering. " It's G capel truth. You'll find it out sometime." " Well, get away; and if I hear of you saying a word to anyone, mind, I'll have you given to the polioe the minute we get to England. The laws are severo there, and there is no knowing what they may do to you Don't you know that every meal you cat on board this ship you are defrauding her owners. You will bo punished aa a thief " Jack Blogg had never been out of Melbourne in his lift', and had a very vague idea of what England and English laws might be like, and he was terribly frightened. " Will they hang me, sir1?" he asked piteously. " I don't know," roplied the doctor gravely. " They might»." And with the, fear of^thejjgallows before his oyeB, Jaok promised^bjootly^o be disoreet, and kept his word. Tho' fright a'ad the illness it bad produoed had a good effeot upon his tongue and his manners, and ho was particularly dooile and obedient ever afterwards There was no groat deal to be done in prepara- tion for the funoral of the next day after the death. The doctor duly cortified the cause, and the oorpso was properly prepared for its ooean grave. Beryl's grief was pitiable Every one did their best to cheer and soothe bor, but sho could not be oomfortcd. " Ursula was the only friend I had in the world," she said, sobbing bitterly, " and now I'm all alono. I wishVl had died instead of her " " V They tried as much as they oould to keop all sight or knowledgo of the preparations for the burial from her, but it was impossible to do so entirely; und when ehelparnod that the funeral was fixed for noon tbat day, her fright and agita- tion grow quite uncontrollable. " Oh, not in the sea !" sho begged. " Not in the cold, pitiless sea! Oh,-Ursula! Ursula! what shalLÏ* do ? You shall not bury her so !" Captain Bolton sat down by the sobbing girl, and drew her dose to his side a3 though she had boen a daughtor of his own. " It must bo done, my dear," he said. " What else could we do 1" "What cl=e? Take her to England, and let her lio in oonseoratod ground. Oh what sholl I say to the poor old woman, who gave hor darling to mo, when she asks mo whero she lies ? Lot mo take her home Captain Bolton-let mo take her home !" ^ She burst into a paroxysm of sobs and criés, and tho captain felt bia own eyes wet. Dr. Twist oame up at the moment and beckoned him away." " Loave her to me," he said quietly. " I'll bring her to reason " " But you aro so hard, Twist." "It is necessary tobo so sometimes. Miss Atboratono, will you not try and listen to me ?" Beryl was moaning out that they should not bury Uisula in the sea in a wild, inoohorontsort of way/but she stopped at tho sound of tho firm resoluto voice ^ \ . " Wo are all very Borry for your forlorn posi- tion," ho said, but without a traco of the oap tain'a tonderncss, " and wo want to do all we can to make your burdon lighter; but what you wish ia utterly impossible. Are you honouring me with your attontion ?" " Yes, oh yes." The sobs hod ceased now, and Beryl sat very still, though with her face hidden in her hands "Why is it', impossible ?" she asked after» pause. " People SM- taken home to bo buried sometimos." \\!t '* " ID very exceptional cases. This ia hardly ODO. If wo wero within 3 day's sail of England, there would be no objection made by anyone ; but we aro at the beginning of a long voyage, and for the sike of every one in the ïhip it is necessary that the funeral should take^place at once. As medioal offioer here ^insist« upon it." " But Mrs. Dalton^Uratflç's grandmother-" " Will aooept your statement and mine, I have no doubt She will be as well satisfied to hear that yonder poor girl ia committed to tho bluo water, as that Captain Bolton risked a mutiny on board by oarrying the oorpse to Eng- land." Beryl lifted her hoad and looked at him. Their eyes met in earnest, eager sorutiny. All tho grief was gone out of the young heiress's faoe now, driven away by the stern, hard manner of Dr Twist. " Have it as you will," she said. " I suppose you moan kindly, but your tone and manner aro hard. I have to ask every one's pardon for the trouble I have oauaed. I will give way no more. Let me know, please, when all is ready. I wish to be present." " Better not, my dear, better not," said the captain. " It might be too muob for you." " It was not too muob for me to, find her dead said Boryhbitterly, "I had rather be there please." V , > -* " Agjrda «¿11, tai^e»t. ¿It is fixed for twelve o'olook." » \\\j i " Thank yoi», Captain Boldon ; you aro very kind." And Beryl rose and "walked aoross the room to her berth with a firm\tep and a face from whioh all trace of her late passionate emo- tion had departed. She was very pale, hut there was a fixed, set expression about her pretty month that told of some seoret determination. " No more tears," she said, as sho looked through the windows of her little oabin over the sparkling sea. " There's small sympathy with grief in this world. I must bury my aorrr-j with her in the aea-with Ursula, the only lir l! between my old life and my now one " ) She shivored slightly, and a dark look carne into her eyes. Very like her dead grandfather she looked as sho stood there oommuning with herself. All the Atherstone pride and bitterness wero in her face just then. Laonard Atherstone had seldom looked so-he bad inherited his mother's gentleness ; but somey of the family qualities had^evidently passed over him to des- cend to his daughter. There had boen little in Bîryi's placid life wfth her mother to call forth anger or resentment, but they were thoroughly roused now " He is a oruel man," she muttered, thinking of the doctor's manner to her-" a hard, cruel man. Well,' well j perhaps^ it was best he should be so-he has, driven away my tears and brought baok my sense's. I shall neither be sorrowful nor frightened any more." And just at the moment she felt sure she should not; but the fortitude she intended proved beyond her power when she earns to stand by tho corpse of her friend ones more. " All's ready, miss." It was the stewardess who spoke, and who was mnoh surprised to see her charge so oalm and quiet. " I'm glad to see you so much better, miss," she added, ooming forward to adjust Beryl's hat and dress. " I am much better, thank you. Where is it to be ?" " Dr. TwiBt's waiting for you, miss. He'll take you." " The dootor is very kind." Boryl pulled down her orape veil, and { tr the arm of the dootor, who was waiting for mt outsido He oould not seo her face, but he oonld feel that she walked firmly and did not tremblai CHAPTER XX. NEWS. No more , where ignorance is bliss 'Tialolly to be wise. -Gray. It was a bright, sunny day, when the passen- gers and orew of the Psyche gathered together on the deok, to see the remains of Ursula Rhodes committed to the sea. Beryl'walked to tho plaoe quite calmly, supported by tho doctor's arm, and stood trembling indeed, but very still, while the service was read. " For now we commit her body to the deep, iu the sure and certain hope of a joyful resurrec- tion." The solemn words rang out upon the still air, and the courage of the solitary woman gave way. Beryl uttered a wild shriek as the corpse slid gently off the grating, and disappeared into the sea, and but for the supporting arm of Dr. Twist would have fallen on the deck. Her hat fell off, and her luxuriant bair tumbled in glossy masses over his arms, as he oaught her It was the first time that m my of the passengers had sosa her faoo, and, after the sad oeremony was ovar, all were loud in praise of her singular beauty. The mon went back to their work, a little sobered for the moment by the event of the day, and the Psycho steered on, leaving the quiot resting-place of Ursula Rhodes among the coral and submarine forests many a mile behind. Jaok Blogg was strangely exoited by^ the funeral He had stood very quietly in his place till the body had disappeared, and then, when Beryl had faintod in>tho doctor's arms, he ¡shrank quietly away, and was found, crying, be- hind a coil of rope, when all was"over. " What's up, now, you young varmint !" asked the man who discovered him. "Ain't there been row enough along of you already? Stow that water oart business, or I'll rope's end you It'll do you moro good than all the doc- tor's ooddling, I'lMte bound " " You let me atone," said the boy. " I'vo done nothing." " Then, what's up ?" " Nothing much. I see a ghost just now« that's all." "A ghost!" " Ay." S "Whose?" ^ . C " Hcr'n as is dead!" \^ And this was all the information ho would give, and they were fain to let him alooe. Ho would not tell anyone when or where he had seen the speotre, and the men began to wonder among themselves whether Ursula "walked," and to oast uneasy glanocs around them when it grew dark. If sho-did, she kept it to herself, and vouchsafed no'^appearance, save the one Jack Blogg spoke of; and presently the notion died away. The afternoon of the funeral Dr. Twist wrote a detailed acoouut of the death to Mrs. Dalton, but wordod in the same haid, unsym- pathetic manner in which he had lately talked to Beryl. Ho stated, the foots, nothing moro/, and then requested Nher to verify them V\ a few lino». i \ " I would rather not," she said " Tho sight of my writing will only remind the poor, old lady that her ohild loft home to bear mo oompany -for my sake. You have said all that is ncoossary." "I think you had better endorse it, Miss Atberstono. Mrs Dalton will doubtloäs be anxious to hear from you. She is suroly in- terested in your safety ?" .'I am sure she is She was always very kind. I will do what you wish, Dr. Twist." She sat down and wrote a few lines to the offeot that all the dootor had said was true, and that her grandohild was indeed lying under the blue water, many miles behind them. " When « ill it be sent ?" she asked. " How soon can she know ? Oh, what news to bave to write to her !" " It will be sent from the Cape, Miss Ather- stone, unless we sight a ship before." No ship bound for Melbourne was enoountered before they touched at the Cape, and from thenoe the terrible news went speeding baok to the stern old woman, who had boen Pieroe Ather stone's love in the days that were gone. She had borne Ursula's leaving very quietly, though her neighbours wero not slow to remark that she had ohanged very muoh einoo the day the Psyohe sailod. She had grown suddenly older, and there was a queer exoited look in her eyes, as though she were constantly expeoking something. There was fear in the expression too, as though the thing she expected ware also something that she dreaded, and the servants de- clared that she never slept-that she walked her room the whole night through. v'"\Âi They exaggerated a little, Nifter. the m»nm$& their speoies; bat it was pertain that aver» great chango had come owfr' the proud, reservo! Angela Delphine., vSheAB "nervous," she tola one of her lodgerilVbo ¿as a doctor, and who prescribed for the honsehollLwhen there was any- thing the matter, by arrangement, "andM never knew befoie that she bad nerves. " That's a new malady for you," her lodger replied. " Do you think it was wise of you to let Miss Rhodes go ? She was very useful to you, and you miss her." " I do miss her very much," replied Mrs. Dalton, with a spasm passing over her face. " But I shall be amply repaid for the loss of her. If you can't prescribe anything but Ursula for my ailments, doo tor, I am afraid your skill " is no use. I oan't get her baok yet a while 1 perhaps never " " I think I'd try ohange of air," he said, 'looking at her, and notioing tho quivering fea- tures, the twitching fingers, and the oareleas at 0 tire-all signs of a mind sorely disturbed " Depend upon it, that is the beat thing for you And sho'll go mad if she don't get it," he added, totto voce. " She's on the very verge of it ' JBOW." " Change ef air," she said bitterly. " Where to?" " Any where-to any friend's plaee. Sydney, ' say, or anywhere you fancy, I wouldn't go too far north, on aooount of the heat You are ' not very fit to bear it just now, I think." Mrs. Dalton smiled scornfully " You might as well bid me go and seek a roc's egg as find a friend," she said. " I have not one \- -in all the world. The only being on the faeo of the earth would shod a tear for me, were I to ' -die to-morrow, is on the sea now ; Heaven knows whether I shall ever see her again." " Still I think you should try and get away .for a little while, even if you go to strangers " Leave the house and its associations for a time they are, doubtless, painful." " Painful-they are horrible !" Ho looked at her in amazement, her tone waa .so vehement. ^A " It is a terrible house," she went on, seem ^w ingly half unoonsoioua of his presence. "Full of dreadful fancies and sounds and dreams. Yes, A _ I will go away." / He could not make her out The house was . large and oheerful, with hardly a dark oorner in it for a fanoy to lay hold of. It was hard to imagine anyone Buffering from nervous terrors ' in it. It was oheerfully situated and well-built, and only one thing prevented it from being one of the most fashionable houses in all Melbourne The cause was slight,, and was shown in some degree by three or four tenements on a line with it. In the lower rooms oould be distinctly . beard a sound of rushing water, a fact easily ac- counted for, and in no way but the sound detri ' /mental to the property. Under that side of the street tan a covered stream-a deep brook-which, in the process of forming tho oity, whioh h .id sprung up so suddenly, had been dug out, bricked in, atd utilised into a sewer. It eameinto the town on the outskirts from the north-west, ran undci the houses for some distanoe, and finally emptied itself into the Yarra Yarr», olose to the sea. No contrivance for flushing the drains could be half so perfect as this natural rush of water, and \- the houses over the Garoopua Brook, as it was called, were unanimously voted the healthiest and purest in the city, though the noiso of runniBg water was just a little eerie at times after rains, when the brook was very full. But everyone was well used to it, and Mrs Dalton's medical adviser certainly never thought of associating it with her broken health, and ' yet, had he known it, the sound of that unseen water was the main cauce of her disquiet. In . the shattered stato of her nerves, it seemed to haunt her, to draw her to tho rooms where it was moat heard, and to a little enolosed yard, where sho, by lifting a trap, well-secured and heavy, oould even lookdown into it. Itseomed to speak to her, this dark hidden water-to scream at hor, to tell hor of dark deeds and terrible sights, till she could have shrieked out to all the world the dread that was so strong upon her now- the dread of going mad. Whatever other fear was upon her seemed to wear itsolf away OB the days passed by. A week, and Bhe ceased to start up with wild eyes and a beating heart at a ¿nook at tho door, or a strange foot-stop ; a fortnight, and she was more like her old self, save for tho eager, expeotant look upon her faoe, and the restlessness whioh oould not bo controlled, even by her strong will. Then there carno a day when the postman put into her hand Dr Twist's letter, with " S.S Psyehe" on the envelope. Her doctor lodger was standing by when she reoeived it, and saw a Btrange ohange pass over her face. " This is not Ursula's writing," she said, very quietly, though her tone was shrill with suppressed exoitemont " There is something wrong with the child." She took tho letter to her own room, and shut herself up for many hours. When she oame out her face was white and stony-looking, but there were no traces of tears upon it. " MisB Ursula is dead," she said to the serv- ant who always waitod on her. " Draw down the blinda, and tell the gentlemen upstairs tho reason " " Dead, ma'am !" The girl started as though she thought her earB had not served her aright, but Mrs Dalton answered the look in the same strangely quiet way. " Yes ; she died suddonly, only four days after the ship sailed. She in buried in the sea. Toll the other servants, and anyone who may mako enquiries, that the ship's dootor and Miss Athorstone, also, have written to me about ' it." " Yes, ma'am. Is Miss Atherstone quito well, if you please, ma'am ?" asked tho girj, on whom Beryl's kindness and gentle manners had made ft great impression, " Mi-s Atherstono is quite well, bat prostrated by the shook, of course," Mrs Dalton replied. " We shall hoar moro, doubtless, by the first mail after they reach England. You oan tell people what I have told you, Hannah, and don't let me bo talked to about it. I oannot bear it yet." And Hannah promised, and certainly did her own shaio of the talking, and her mistress's, too. Tho blinds were drawn down, and nobody had any need to ask why, for all Melbourne knew very soon that Miss Ursula Rhodes, who had .? gone to England so suddenly, would never come back, but lay "full fathom five," or five hundred, i \- ' more likely, under the blue sea. > {To b* Continued.) 