English Mail CHUKCH IN ENGLAND. We are glad to begin our monthly budget of news with the notice of a double event which brings outf very distinctly the national character of the church. On Thursday, August 9th, two great gatherings found fitting place within the walls of St. Paul's Cathe dral — the one drawn from the richest, the other from the poor quarter of the metropolis. In the morning the Lady Mayoress was married by the Archbishop of Canterbury to Mr. Cecil H. T. Price, in presence of so large a crowd of guests that the whole of Ludgate Hill and a considerable part of Farringdon-street were thickly lined with their carriages. In the evening the vast area of the cathedral itself was literally crammed from choir to ?noroh with a conprfip'Rtirvn chiefly drawn from the working classes, in whose interests a special service had been arranged by the Dean and Chapter. ' Come in your working clothes' was the invitation sent forth, and the response was an immense assemblage, largely, though not altogether, composed of those to whom the invitation was addressed. At the lowest esti mate there could not have been less than four thousand genuine artisans present, many of whom were accompanied by their -wives and children. The choir numbered about one thousand voices, and was supplied by the London Gregorian Choral Association. Much of the music selected failed, however, to commend itself to the congre gation. Psalms and canticles were sung to elaborate settings of the ancient tones, which condemned the people to silence as effectually as the singing of difficult services would have done. The redeeming point, regarded from a congregational point of view, was the hymn singing. Before the sermon the Old Hundredth Psalm was sung, and after the sermon ' The Church's one Foundation.' Pent-up feeling then broke loose, and a grand volume of sound attested the popu larity of the well-known tunes. The sermon was preached by the Eev. J. Oakley, vicar of St. Saviour's, Hoxtdn, from the words — 'He taught daily in the Temple' (St. Luke xix. 47), and was listened to with the greatest attention. Even after the choir had retired the people seemed unwilling to leave the building ; and so ended a service which we trust is only the first of a series of efforts to preach the gospel to the poor, and atone for the neglect of past years. Taken as a whole, the experiment was most encouraging. A gathering of a very different character, although largely of the operative classes, was the anniversary of the Chitroh of England Working Me?i's Society, held a few days previously in the large room of the Cannon-street Hotel. There were present nearly a thousand persons, chiefly men, This society seems to have branches established all over England, especially in thecentres of manufacturing industry, and its avowed object is to defend and promote Eitualism, and to disestablish the church as the readiest means to that end. The speakers were nearly all working men, and the tenor of their addresses may be inferred from the three resolutions which were carried unanimously. The first was condemnatory of the Public Worship Regulation Act ; the second expressed sympathy with the Society of the Holy Cross ; and the third protested against the recent judgment in the case of Clifton v. Ridsdale. That a society so well organised and so widely spread may yet become a power in the land we can hardly doubt ; our regret is that the objects it has in view are so little satisfactory. On Friday, August 10th, a very important meeting of bishops and clergy, most of them connected with the metropolis, was held at Lambeth Palace, by invitation of the Archbishop. The meeting, which was of a semi- private character, was devotional in its object, and was attended by leading men of various schools of thought. When we mention that on the list of clergy present we find the names of the Rev. Daniel Wilson (of Islington), Rev. Dr. West (of St. Mary Magdalene's, Paddington), and Rev. Harry Jones (of St. George's-in-the-East), it will be admitted that the gathering waB sufficiently comprehensive. After the celebration of the Holy Com munion, a conference took place upon the best mode of encouraging and extending a spirit of prayer for the guidance of the Holy Spirit to the church at the present time. It is not always that the Primate's action commends itself to the sympathy of all classes of Churchmen. In this instance, however,,.we cannot be too thankful that he has seen his way to gather men of diverse ways of thinking around that Holy Table of the one Lord which is and should be a true centre of unity to all alike ; nor can we doubt that united prayer to the ' Author of Peace ' will do much to heal divisions and quench strife, all the efforts of party organisations in a contrary direction notwith standing. We regret to learn that the Church Missionary Society has been constrained, through insufficiency of funds, to make reductions in several spheres of evangelical labour. In Western Africa it is pro posed to transfer several agencies to the native church of Sierra Leone. The missions at Constantinople and Smyrna are to be closed, and two missionaries withdrawn from Palestine. Heavy sums are struck off the estimates for missions in India. The number of students at the Islington Training Institution is to be reduced to 40, and after the new missionaries now ready to go forth have sailed, no more are to be sent out except to fill up vacancies until the annual income is largely increased. The society has appointed a day of ? prayer among its members for the outpouring of the grace of liberality on the church with a view to the maintenance and extension of its operations. An address, signed by ninety-six peers of the realm, has been pre sented to the Bishops on the subject of confession, which the Arch bishop of Canterbury has characterised as important. It expresses ' great alarm at the introduction of the practice of auricular confession into the Church,' and urges upon the bishops ' publicly to express their condemnation of such a system, and to withdraw all countenance from those who favour it.' The Archbishop, in his reply, assures their lordships that ' nothing shall be wanting on his part to main tain, with God's blessing, the pure scriptural character of our Reformed Church. ' A like declaration has been made by the Bishop of Manchester. A deputation of ' Protestant Churchmen ' waited on his lordship, to present a memorial adopted at a meeting recently held in the Free Trade Hall of the cathedral city. The memorial concludes with ' a dutiful appeal to the ecclesiastical rulers of the province for prompt and decisive action in vindication of the law,' and the Bishop, at the conclusion of a long speech in reply, announced his intention ' not to ordain to the priesthood any one who told him that he advocated the doctrines ' of sacramental and habitual con fession. ' And, further, he was prepared to say that, in the exercise of his patronage, he would not promote to the cure of souls any clergyman who advocated those things.' The Bishop of London has also spoken out plainly in answer to a petition €rom 140 communi cants of St. John's, Hammersmith, who had complained to him against their clergyman for having obeyed the Ridsdale judgment, and discontinued the use of vestments and lights at the holy Com munion. They ' earnestly implored his lordship to use his influence for the repeal of the Public Worship Regulation Act.' The Bishop defends the judgment and upholds the clergyman, and prays that their ritual losses may be ' more than compensated by the divine blessing which ever accompanies self-denying submission, for con science' sake, to law. and lawful authority.' It is satisfactory to know that the petitioners, though they complain of their clergyman, have decided to follow his lead in the matter. The Ritualists have evidently fallen on evil days. Not only has the Rev. J. W. Horsley, whose case we mentioned last month, decided on giving up his con nexion with the Holy Cross Society, in obedience to the advice of the Archbishop of Canterbury and the Bishop of London; but a considerable number of both clergy and laity have with drawn from the membership of the English Church Union on account of its open defiance of the decision of the Privy Council in the Ridsdale case. But the difficulty, we fear, is hardly ended yet. It is said that the Chwch Association has made arrangements for the prosecution before Lord Penzance of the Rev. C. F. Lowder, vicar of St. Peter's, London Docks, a mission church which has been of great spiritual value to the degraded population in the neighbourhood of Ratcliffe Highway. The John Bull adds that 'the dockmen and other labourers in the parish, where Mr. Lowder is greatly revered, and where he has worked most laboriously for twenty years, are pre pared to fight it out with any mob that may be gathered there.' The church in the metropolis is thus threatened with a repetition of the Hatcham disturbances. Should such arise in this case, it will be a remarkable fact that in the very parish (St. George's-in-the-East) ? where twenty years ago the rector was- constrained to resign on account of his ' Puseyite' proclivities, the same class of parishioners, who were then such violent opponents of ' Tractarian innovations,' should now be ready to make a riot in support of practices at which the old Tractarians stand aghast. It may say little for the consistency of the vox populi, but it speaks volumes for the zeal and influence of the Ritualistic clergy. We sincerely hope, however, that the threatened scandal may be averted. At York Minster, on St. Bartholomew's Day (August1 24th),' the Rev. Rowley Hill, vicar of Sheffield, was consecrated Bishop of Sodor and Man by the Archbishop of York, assisted by the Bishops' of , Chester, Rochester, and Durham. The sermon was preached by the Rev. Canon Hoare, of Tunbridge Wells, from Acts i. 8 : 'Ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you,' and con tained some severe strictures on the ' arbitrary assumption of authority' and 'the high sacerdotal claims' alleged to have been put forward by the Bishop of Bombay. It seems a pity that the sending forth of a new messenger of the gospel of peace should be made the occasion of a personal attack on a missionary prelate with whose opinions the preacher happened to disagree. On the previous Wednesday even* '. ing Bishop Hill bade farewell to his former parishioners, and delivered ' an address from the lectern of the church on the relations of a pastor to his flock. Three hundred persons afterwards received the holy Communion, evening celebrations being in vogue in Shef field. ? A lengthy correspondence has been going on in the columns of the Record on the subject of the approaching Church Congress. The question under discussion — ' Shall we go, or shall we not go ?' has been, it appears, finally decided in the affirmative. The leading Evangelical clergymen whose names were down as speakers or 1 , readers have determined to fulfil their engagements, and will meet on its platform theleaders of the other side. We congratulate them on this decision, and have no doubt that good rather than harm must result from the discussion even of questions on which differences of opinion are sure to prevail. If the meetings of the Congress were to assume the character of party gatherings, their usefulness would be at end, and it needs no prophet to predict their speedy extinction. A new Communion has been added to the hundred and odd forms of Christianity which figure in the statistical returns, under the style and title of the Reformed Episcopal Church. It is to be ' Liturgical and Episcopal, Protestant and Evangelical, stripped of all prelatical, sacramental, and ritualistic pretensions.' This sect, we believe, originated a few years ago in the United States of America under the leadership of Bishop Cummins (since deceased), who separated himself from the church there in consequence of the toleration of ' High Church' doctrine and practice on the part of its Bishops. He proceeded to select and ordain more Bishops for the needs of his followers, and we regret to say that a clergyman of the Church of England, Dr. T. H. Gregg, ex-vicar of St. John's, East Harborne, in the. Diocese of Lichfield, has sought and received at their hands the outward form of consecration. He is-to preside over certain congre gations in England who have seceded from the church, and to minister to a congregation of his own at Southend. It does seem strange that a clergyman who doubtless scouts the very idea of an , Apostolic Succession should have put himself to the trouble of ?journeying several thousand miles in order to secure a form of con secration which, on his own principles, he must regard as of very slight importance, or altogether unnecessary. But schism can hardly be expected to be consistent with itself, and we have no doubt that ,the new sect will prove a convenient ' Cave of Adullam' to many who are discontented with things as they are. The movement in favour of a Theological College at each of the two great Universities, with which our late Bishop has been promi nently associated, has scarcely made the progress its supporters expected. Out of the £60,000 required to float the scheme, only £12,000 has as yet been promised. The heads of the Theological Faculty at Cambridge having disapproved of it in a very marked way, an able article appeared in the (JJiristian Observer for August from the pen of Bishop Perry, who argues strongly for the special features of the scheme which awakened the distrust of the Cambridge Pro fessors. The article is worth reading by all who desire to know the Bishop's views on the subject. We need hardly say that they are . forcibly as well as temperately expressed. It is reported that a Mr. Hedley, of Newcastle- on-Tyne, has left a large sum of money for the erection of a new bishopric in Northum berland. The amount is variously stated ; one account makes it £200,000, but another limits it to a reversion of £70,000 at the death of a brother. If the former amount be correct, it is indeed a splendid bequest, and should enable the new diocese to start with an efficient cathedral body in addition to a sufficient income secured for the Bishop. But even £70,000 is a sum to be thankful for ; it would provide amply for all the needs of an Australian Diocese. It has been proposed to assign a portion of the endowments of St. gatherings Hospital, Eegent's Park, towards the establishment of a bishopric for the East-End of London. 