IfOXiTi!. TIT E VET 15 RA NS OF T 1 1 E U HAND ARMY MiiETiNd N.\i-or.roNs Asjtra rnon Sr. 1 1 i:u:\\\i. (most Timorim.K n.\t:-r:i:i:.) Bobt.d, ami thus ftnvcil mil nf my room, Along the Rimli'vai'd T passed, Around mo hung Dci-cmln-i-'s glnnm, Tho wind was cold. Ilio showers drnvo fast Then straight I saw (how strange the sight!) Escaped from their grim ilwclling'-jilncc, Trampling through mud in sorry plight., Ghosts nt miil-day, gliosis face to face. Night is tho time when (jinnies have power, "U'hilst, German moonlight, silvers all, Within some old and tottering lower, To tlit across (he pillared hall. 'Tis night when fairies from the fioods In dripping robes rise like a breath, Then drag beticalh their lily- imds Homo boy whom t.hcy 'havo daneoil to dcatli. 'Twiis night, if Zoillitz singetli true. When (half-si-cu simile) the Emperor Marshalled in line, for that review, The shades nf Atistcriitz once more. But spectres in the jmblie street, Source from the playhouse paces two, Veiled nor by mist, nm- winding-sheet, Who stand I here wearied and wet through. Well may we wonder as wo gaze : Three grumbling phantoms hover dim, In uniform of other days, Ono cx-guard, two hussars with him, Not tlicso Hie slain, who. though they die, Still hear through earl li Napoleon's drum ; But veterans of a l ime gono by Waked lqi to suo his relies enmc. Who, siuac that last, that fatal fight, Have grown, or fat. or lean and grim ; Whose uniforms, unless too tight, Float wido ill-omul each wasted limb. Oh, noblo rags, still like a slar To you Ilia Cross of Honour clings, Sublimely ludicrous, ye aro Grander than pui-plo worn by kings ! A nerveless plume, ns if with fear, Tromblos above tlio bearskin frayed ; Mot h- fretted tile pelisse is, near Those holes by hostile- bullets mndo : The leathern overalls, too large, Hound Ihe shrunk thigh iu wrinkles fall, Anil rusty sabres, wearying charge, Drag on tlio ground, or heat the wall. The next ono is grotesque, with chest Stretching a coat too small by half : But for tiie stripes that deck his breast, At the old war-wolf we might laugh. My brothers, mock l liem not ton much ; Itnther salute, with heads low bout, These heroos of an Iliad, sueli As Homer never could invent. Greet eaeli bald head with revereneo due, For on brows, bronzed by many a i-liinc, A lengthening scar oft, reddens through The fines that have been dug by timo. Their skins, by a. strange blackness, tell Of Egypt's beat nnd blinding fight; Russia's snow pnwdcr, as il fell, Has kept those thin locks ever white. Their hands may In mble ; yes, slill keen Tiie cold of Bensiim biles ; They lor long- the march betweon Cairo and Wilna's frozen heights. Thoy droop, bout, double, since in war No sheets but tings for sleep had they; The helpless sleeve may flutter, for A round shut tore the arm away. Laugh not, though round them leaps and jeers Tin howling street boy with delight; They wero the day of those proiul years — Tho evening we — pereliuucu tho night. They recollect, if ive forget, Lancers in red, ex-guard iu blue, And worsliiji, at his column met, The only God they ever know. Proud of ihe pains endured so long, Grateful for miseries nobly bome — They feel tho heart of Franco beat strong Under that clothing soiled and worn. Onr tears tlu-u cheek tlio smile that playod, To see I his strange pump on its way — Tho Empire's ghostly masquerade — Dim as a ball when dawns the day. Through skiss whioh yet her splendours fill, The Eagle of our armies old, From depths of glory, burning still, Spreads over them her wings of gold. 