WORD-PAINTING. On Saturday, Mr T. P. Hill drew the attention of his auditors, in Spring street, at a State School lecture, to the admirable suggestions to teachers made by the Bishop of Melbourne in his receut address to the clergy of the Church of England. His lordship had shown that the young wanted to learn; that they were curious about everything in heaven and on earth. The work, therefore that instructors had to perform was to teach in a way that would prove attractive. Instead of confinipg themselves to the "dry methods of the schools," teachers would do well to make constant references to current events and current principles. He (the lecturer) had always main tained that, under well-trained and first-class oral teachers, the schoolroom might be made an arena almost as at tractive as the theatre. Last week the " Btudyof words"|had been proved to be an all-important study. On the present occasion it was desired to show how much power might be lent to teaching by picturing out words. A word was not an expression conveying an idea, unless it could be presented to the mind vividly. They could not picture out words with which they were unacquainted ; for exam ple, when the Great Apostle of the Gen tiles was caught up to the third heaveu, they were told that he heard words which were not lawful to utter, or that he was unable to utter. Why was that ? Be cause they were expressive of ideas the reality of which no human ' language could convey ; for all languages, from that of the savage to the most civilised nations, were formed only to express the things that were visible and knowu. Heaven itself was represented by earthly things and objects, snch as songs, arches, harps of gold, crowns of glory, streets of gold, rivers of pleasure, &c.; Expres sions of that kind proved that spiritual things could only be discerned through natural things. That was the inductive method pursued by the Great Teacher. The finest and most instructive object lessons to be found in any book were contained within the comers of the four Gospels. What he (Mr T. P. Hill) meant, by the phrase "picturing out words" was an absolute representation of ideas and things by means of analogy, resemblance, contrast, aud striking, familiar illustrations. It might be objected that such a mode of instruc tion ' is not new. That might be ad mitted readily, for the Wise King had assured the world that there was nothing- new under the sun. Steam electricity, and gas existed iu the primeval times; but the patriarchs had neither the iron horse nor the electric telegraph as the moderns have; neither were their tents nor city, lanes fit wifcli gas. If, therefore, there was nothing new under ; the sun, there might at least be new j combinations, producing new and un- ! heard of results. Facts demonstrated ! that the practice recommeuded, whenever | or wherever pursued, was as powerfully influential in the schoolroom as the steam engine and the electric telegraph were useful in the "commercial world." Lit teachers then, iu the language of tho bishop, avoid the dry method of the schools. Owing to inattention to this subject, the language of poetry was hardly ever properly uuderstood ; figures of speech were nearly always entirely mistaken ; and the meaning of natural objects was more or less lamentably perverted. One of Her Majesty 's in spectors iu the old country had asserted that he never asked the meaning of the word " copse," iu Goldsmith's familiar line — Near yonder copse, where once the garden smiled, without getting as an answer, " dead body." Noble thoughts and exalted sen timents were expressed in simple lan guage. Tbe remark was particularly applicable to Shakespeare. A well-chosen scene from such a source, with a carefally studied introduction, bringing vividly out all the most salient points desired to be pictured out to the " mind's eye," would be found to be a means of powerful in tellectual instruction. He (Mr Hill) would illustrate the object he had in view, by calling attention to the opening scenes of the greatest tragpdy that was ever forced upon the human intellect — the tragedy of Hamlet. As in Macbeth, they were, in the first scene, placed in the company of the weird sisters on the blasted heath, 'midst thunder, lightning and rain, with the view of preparing them for the ' supernatural solicitations and metaphysical aid which were destined to lead the guilty Thane through murder to a throne ; so iu Hamlet they were, at the very outset, by the appearance of the buried Majesty of Denmark in tbe dead waste and middle of the night prepared for the reception of the most solemn mysticisms which were to shake their dispositions with thoughts beyond the. reaches of their souls. The authoress of the Mysteries of Udolpho had dwelt with singular felicity on these circumstances. The dark watch on the remote platform of the castle — the dreary aspect of the night — the very expression of the officer on guard, " 'Tis bitter cold, and I am sick at heart" — the recollection ot a star — an unknown world — were surroundings which excited forlorn, melancholy, and solemn feelings, and disposed them to welcome with tremb ling curiosity the awful apparition that was drawing near, and led them to in dulge in that strange mixture of horror, pity, and indignation by the tale which it revealed. When Horatio entered — the challenge — the dignified answer, " Friends and liegemen to the Dane"— the question of Horatio to Bernardo, touching the apparition — the unfolding of the reason why Horatio had con sented to watch the minutes of the night — -their sitting down while Ber- nado related the wonderful particulars of what he and Marcellus had seen for two nights together—and, above all, the few fine fines with which he began his story, "Last night of all," &c.;, and the distinguishing of the situation of " Yon same star" — the very point of time when the spirit had appeared — the abruptness with which he broke off, " The bell then beating one" — the in stant appearance of the ghost, as though ratifying the story for the very thing itself — all these were circumstances which the deepest sensibility only could have suggested, and which if they read them a hundred times, continued to affect them as much as at first. The blaze of genius, said the lecturer, was reflected on every fine of that wonderful opening. Hamlet was the Sphinx of dramatic literature. He had ever been, and to the end of time would be, a marvel and mystery. With one he was merely a name, and his speeches but the idle coinage of tbe poet's brain. To another he was the concentration of all the interest that belonged to the common humanity of man, posses sing thoughts and emotions so complex as to make the character a subject of the most profound pscychological study. With a third he was being propelled by circum stances rather than propelling them. Why such a turn was given to the charac ter, critics could not tell. Another thought ful writer regarded the moody Prince as a visible incarnation of the human soul bowed down beneath the burden and mystery of the Universe, which it was marvellous how lightly and unconcernedly the vast majority of the crawlers between earth and heaveu did by some means contrive to bear. They ate, they drank, they slept, they continued their race, toiled, contended and died, without there once coming over them, save as a casual exception to the rule, a dread and over whelming sense of the inscrutable wonder of all things. If asked, then, to what question Hamlet was a rSply, he (Mr Hill) would take up his parable from the author of the " Songs of the Universe," and answer : — ; — — the drcwl of something after death, That undiscovered country, from whose bourne No traveller returns — puzzles the will, And makes us rather bear those ills we have, Than fly to others that we know not of. Thus conscience doeth make cowards of us all, And thus the native hue of resolution Is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought, And enterprises of great pitli and moment : With this regard, their currents turn away And lose awry the name of action. That was the groundwork of that burthensome loathing, of -hut weariness of spirit, of that fever and fret, that had made the world an unweeded garden, aud of that awful sense of death and eternity that " puzzle the will." Yiewed from that stand-point, Hamlet became the most solemn name iu dramatic literature. Mr Hill then recited the great scene in tho first act between Hamlet, Horatio, Bernardo and Marcellus, pointing out as he went along iht> aid which a knowledge of intellectual inflection, pause, and emphasis, lent to the inter pretation of Shakespeare's conceptions, j The interest and attention with which | the lecturer was lis.teued to throughout j vindicated all that had been said in favor j of word-painting. The simultaneous j reading of a scene from the tragedy, by ! the teachers and pupil teachers, gone J through with taste and judgment, brought I the proceedings to a closo. — Herald. 