THE OLD' WOMAN WHO LIVED IN A SHOE. \+ ; From Godey's Magazine . By Carroll West. TIL " Now, Kitten," said Isabel, as she helped me Mon day morning dress for the beginning of my new life, " you are dressed plainly and suitably, as you ought to be ; but you look very sweet, my little darling, for all that ; and very much a lady, as a real lady always does, no matter what she wears. But remember that you must retain your self-respect, in order to have others respect you ; so let no false shame induce you for a moment to conceal the truth. If you are asked your name, give it. Remember, honest labour never dis graced an honourable name 'yet. You are yourself always, and ' noblesse oblige.' - If the Rev. Robert Burnett learns that you are my sister, do not foolishly try, for my sake, to cover the truth. I should respect him less than I do if he thought less of you for the sacrifice you are making." My farewells said to mother — for I was not to' come home until Sunday noon — and her " God bless my dar ling I" lingering in my ears, I hurried from the house, and had reached the gate, when Isabel breathlessly stopped me. Her face was very pale, and her eyes on the ground. " Kitten, you will perhaps meet Miss Reba Daring there " "I have met her," I interrupted impulsively ; "it was she who bought my curls." "She!" Oh, the concentrated jealousy, the suffering of a noble love, in that tone ! The haughty head drooped on my shoulder, tears crept slowly through her clasped white fingers, and with an impassioned kiss she tore herself from my arms and hastened into the house ; while quietly beneath my veil, wiping away the drops that would come, I resolutely hurried on to my new home, my new name, and its new duties. " I am glad to see you, Martin ," was Mrs. Lenox's greeting, and so I left my old life behind me and took up the new. Mrs. Burnett was a mild, calm woman, thoroughly well bred, like her mother, but more ' quiet, because somewhat deaf. Rev. Mr. Burnett I watched narrowly, „ ' and found every way worthy of respect. Warm-hearted, though reticent, sineere and earnest, zealous in his work, but wholly without cant, I did not wonder at Isabel's regard for him ; and that he had at least an admiration for her, I before long discovered. Talking on his favourite hobby, "beautiful hair," he said : — " The most beautiful I ever saw was straight, black, and lustrous, and worn around a regal head in massive nnil a " "You speak con amore, my grandson," said Mrs. Lenox. " Pray, who was the fortunate owner ?" " A young lady visiting her aunt, Mrs. Ross, who was one of my parishioners in Detroit, and one of my kindred friends. This Miss Molyneux was one of the most intellectual, admirably-balanced women I ever met, and of lovely character as well." "Hey, hey!" laughed Mrs. Lenox. "Do you call this loyalty to Reba ? Do you tell her about this unusual woman ?" " Certainly, I have spoken of her. But Reba would feel no interest. They are of different type, and," drooping his voice so that only I caught his words, " different every way." I could not understand his being engaged to Miss Daring. She seemed to me a trifling, worldly girl, having neither depth of heart or mind ; ambitious, if not mercenary ; and yet with an infectious gayety of manner, and an artful artlessness that made her really fascinating, although at times her too prononcee style and self-null shocked one's sensibilities. I presume Mr. Burnett had succumbed to this fascinating coquet- tisliness before ever his real heart had been touched, and now felt in honour bound not to break that engage ment. Breaking in suddenly upon my thoughts came the subject of them. Her light-blue eyes all aglow with excitement, her cheeks rosy through all the pearl powder, and a most diminutive hat of the " fastest " mode surmounting my long curls. Seating herself at the table — for they were still enjoying their peaches and cream — she motioned me to wait on her. " What a glum party, to be sure !" she exclaimed. " Even the Reverend looking as if Lent came in mid summer. Pray, did I interrupt a chapeer from 4 Fox's Book of Martyrs,' or something as refreshing and light ?" They all laughed, and Mrs. Lenox, who was some thing of a tease, and, in fact, I do not think altogether loved Miss Daring, said : — " No more serious matter than the comparative- beauty of hair. You should have heard Robert talk about the most beautiful black locks he ever saw." " Oh, I know ! that tiresome woman lie met some where. And her father died, or did something out of the way ; anyway, left her a beggar, and Robert very sensibly ignored the acquaintance." _ " Reba," exclaimed Mr. Burnett, sternly, " that is not so ! Her father was not only an honourable but an eminent man ; too honest, perhaps, to leave his family rich. And certainly I did not 'ignore the acquaintance.' I lost sight of her after her aunt's death, and regret it more than I can tell you." "Well, thank goodness ! I am riot of a jealous dis position'; I don't care. And I detest black hair. It makes me think of Medora, or Minerva, or what's her name, in my old mythology at school ? 1 Medusa,' was it? All right, she's the one I mean. Now," turning her head around and about as if a lay-figure in a shop window, " I think my hair is the proper thing ; and it is a very rare colour, let me tell you." "You were very fortunate in matching it so nearly," said Mr. Burnett, in a quiet tone, in which lurked a touch of sarcasm. Miss Daring's face flushed ; she had evidently thought all those abundant curls would pass for her own, but hers were of a colder gold than mine. She soon recovered her composure, however, and replied : — " Yes, very luclc3r, though I had to pay an awful price for them. Some girl, some sewing or shop girl, I suppose, made lots of money out of me that day. I don't care ; I didn't pay my dressmaker, that's all the difference." Such a weary look as passed over Mr. Burnett's face ! His grandmother evidently saw it, and from some secret motive which I could not discern she turned to her daughter and remarked, thereby turning all eyes upon the little curls that had begun again to cluster low in my neck, though I tried to conceal them under a close cap like a French bonnet, "The curls Reba purchased are of the same colour as Martin's, are they not ?" Mrs. Burnett looked at me with scrutiny — I was very near her — then abruptly asked : — " Was it a fever or smallpox? Why did you cut it off?" I stammered out, " For the money, ma'am but she, not hearing well, misunderstood me ludicrously. " Matrimony !" she exclaimed, aghast. " You have not been married, at your age ?" A shout of laughter drowned my " oh, no and, as they rose from the table and stepped out on the lawn, I heard Mrs. Lenox say - " She is a good little girl, my Martin. She did it to help her mother." And Mr. Burnett added, " A brave girl,, to sacrifice vanity so utterly." " Oh, yes," laughed Miss Daring, defiantly ; " she is prosaic enough to sell tier curls to pay her dress maker, if she ever had one, while I " but I heard no more. Of course, mother and Isabel heard all of this when I went home Sunday noon to stay until early Monday, as I did every week. I was very contented and happy in my new home. Everybody was kind, and I received constant praise for my quiet and neat work. The first money I carried home to mamma as my own earnings seemed to me the largest and most wonderful sum I had ever beheld. Money never again looked such an amazing thing. At seven o'clock my duties were all done. I had Mrs. Lenox's permission to take books from the library, and I resumed some of my old studies under Isabel's advice, and also began, in a more thorough and less sensational way than I had ever written, the book which had been my day-dream, and which after ward became, when I did not need it, the source of money and not a little fame. I had been with Mrs. Lenox some two months or more, when she was taken ill, of a low but not dangerous fever. She engaged another waitress, and would have no one but myself about her. I gave her her medicines, arranged her silvery hair, read aloud to her, and, when she slept, crept out on the verandah to take the fresh air. I did not go home even on Sundays. It was no little trial, but I knew my kind friend would miss me, and I refused to go. The dear old lady patted my hand and declared she " wished I was her granddaughter she " needed a nice granddaughter very much." I laughingly suggested that she " would probably have one in Miss Daring before long," and with more energy than I had seen in some time she shook her finger at me impressively, and exclaimed " Reba Daring, indeed ! Buy curls, instead of pay ing her debts ! I don't want a granddaughter who would sell my bones to make buttons for her new riding- habit." Then, hearing her grandson's footstep, she sent me into my own room, which adjoined hers, and from which, unwillingly, on my part, I overheard such parts of their conversation as were not in a low tone. I knew they were talking of me, for I. heard snatches of my own his tory, and finally from her, "No, I called her Martin myself. Her real name was too aristocratic for a waiter- girl ; I have forgotten it, too." " Well," he responded, " I hope you will do as you have said, grandmother — keep her as your own com panion. You need some one, and she is worthy of a higher position than waitress. An educated girl can command a better position than that, though it was noble of her to take such a place and do what she could for her mother's sake. She must be of good blood to feel so little false shame." " You may be sure she is. And educated ! Why, she reads French and German as well as you do ; and sings " but I heard no more. To say I was not in an ecstasy to think I was to be Jier " own companion," and no longer "Martin the Waitress," would be to say I had no youth, no foolish pride, and little weaknesses left. Of course, I was glad, and glad that mother and Isabel would be so, too. It was a about a fortnight after this, when' Mr. Bur nett and Miss Daring had been together to visit Mrs. Lenox for an hour, that I discovered there was a cloud rising between them. There was an evident coolness on the part of both, but his was heightened by stern ness and hers by audacity. Never before had the dif ference in the two characters been so apparent. At length Mrs. Lenox's patience gave' way. " Come, young people," she exclaimed, " you wear me out. The sooner you two agree to disagree forever, I think the better. Or do you intend to go on this way all your married life ?" " Oh, that will be commenced many a year from now," answered Miss Daring, saucily, " if Robert really means what he says — that he has engaged to take a parish here in F this coming winter. I can't stand being a country parson's wife, and playing goody-goody to pious old maids and beggarly Sunday-school children. I supposed, of course, he would live in the city, and be a bishop, and have ten thousand a year at least. Do you mean it ?" she cried, impetuously, turning upon Mr. Burnett. " I certainly do, Reba. I have promised to become the Rector of St. John's in January, and I shall keep my word." "Well, then," starting up in anger, "you may as well understand me first as last. I utterly and posi tively refuse to be your wife under such circumstances. Baltimore or New York might be tempting ; but, to become a respectably nobody in F , excuse me 1 Moreover," tossing her curls and coolly walking to the mirror to fasten on her hat, " I have made a promise, too. I have promised Lewis Carson that, if you per sisted in accepting a country parish, I would become his wife, not yours !" Mr. Burnett started from his chair with an impulse of escape, but she exclaimed : "No, wait until I have finished ; there is no occasion for theatricals. I presume we are mutually tired of each other. I know I shall get along better with Lew ; and you — well, it is unfortunate, perhaps, that you might hunt up your black-haired Miss Molyneux, that saint of every virtue, but that some two months ago she married out in St. Louis — married for mor.ey, too, your artless angel ! my second cousin, Leonard Hazen, a poor consumptive, with one foot in the grave." In a moment she had flashed out of the room and out of the house ; and I, scarce knowing what I was doing, had rushed impulsively into Mrs. Lenox's room and seized her hand. Mr. Burnett was still seated, his face buried in his hands, and at that sight all sense of propriety and pride forsook me. " Indeed," I cried, " it is not so, it is not true ; Isabel is not married. Do you think she would marry for money ? It was Maude who married Mr. Hazen. Isabel is — is" but I burst into tears, sat down at Mrs. Lenox's feet, and, forgetful that I was Martin, hid my face in her lap. She put her arm around me and patted my head soothingly. Mr. Burnett, however, hail sprung to his feet and stood beside me. " She is not married ? Isabel is free, and I may find her ? But who are you, that you know all about her ?" I looked up at Mrs. Lenox inquiringly. I did not know that she would wish me to acknowledge that I — Martin, her maid — was sister of the Isabel whom her grandson so evidently loved. But- how I misjudged her. "Tell him, dear," she said, "tell him your name. Your poor little secret is out now, but Robert will riot think less of you or her." So I told him that I was Kitty Molyneux, Isabel's little sister, and all the ups and downs of life we had had ; and lie stood there beside me and held my hand as if in a daze. But when he demanded impetuously how near my home was, and whether I would take him there at once, I remembered my duty and said : — " No, I am ' Martin ' here, and everything must bo as Mrs. Lenox wishes." " She is right, my grandson," replied the dear old lady, her common sense coming to our rescue. " I am not well enough to lose my little Martin yet. More- over, you must remember that, to be ' off with the old love and on. with the new ' quite so quickly, would be neither respectful or respectable. " You were wanting to go south before you settled to your duties. Go now, and do not come home until Christmas ; it is only six weeks. Do not frown ; believe me, if she has remem bered you at all, she will continue to do so that short time. Well, well, don't look as if I were sending you away for ever. I am going to send a basket of fruit home by Kitty this evening to her mother, and you may add a bouquet, with your card and ' regards ' to Miss Isabel, if you must do something, you impetuous boy." And in a moment the tender old arms were around her boy's neck, his arms about her waist, and, with his face hidden close to hers, I left them. Now I must liurry on to the close of my story. I cannot stop to tell bow I became — Marty one moment, Kitty the next — nearer and dearer, companion, friend, comfort, almost child, to dear Mrs. Lenox ; nor of her many calls, laden with fruit and flowers, upon . my mother and Isabel ; nor of the happy Thanksgiving Day they spent as Mrs. Lenox's guests ; nor of how, day by day, the friendship grew more deep and beauti ful between them, while Isabel bloomed into fresh love liness. I want to tell a little bit of my own heart- history now. About a fortnight before Christmas Mrs. Lenox had told me that she was expecting both of her grandsons home at that time, and as she intended giving a hand some entertainment, as well as a " Tree," on that merry evening, that they might meet all their old friends and acquaintances ; she and Mrs. Burnett were going into town to make purchases, and would leave me to my own devices for a whole, long day. I had several important pieces of work in embroidery, and water-colours to finish and label ready for our Christmas Tree, and then, having dressed myself neatly in my new black cashmere and violet necktie, and tied a violet ribbon around my curls, which were once more hanging on my neck, I went down to the drawing-room, to have a long afternoon in full enjoyment of the piano. It was so long since I had given out the full power of my voice — for I felt shy of doing so when the ladies were at home — that I did full justice to the occasion. I sang everything I knew, sad or gay, simple or diffi cult ; and my voice was ringing out in a merry French song, that had been an especial favourite with my cadet friend at West Point, when a footstep beside me startled me. Had I indeed called up a ghost, or who was the young man in military dress who stood within the door gazing intently at me? As I sprang up half-frightened, he came forward. " I beg your pardon. I am Lieutentant Raymond, Mrs. Lenox's grandson. I thought she was expecting me. Is she not at home ? I was not aware that she had a young lady guest with her, and you must pardon my intrusion. Your song must be my excuse. It re minded me so much of my W est Point days, when such a dear little girl used to sing it for me." I hurriedly interrupted. "But I am not a young lady guest ; I am only Martin, Mrs. Lenox's com panion." " Ah, indeed !" coolly curling his moustache. " But will you tell me, please, are you any relation of Miss Katharine Molyneux ? The very same in looks and voice ; you must be her cousin at least." I suppose I blushed crimson in my embarrassment, for when I raised my eyes he was laughing at me heartily. I started up to make my escape, but, with both arms outstretched, he stopped me. " Kitten, my own little Kitten Molyneux, do you think I do not know you ? You, who alone I have thought of, dreamed of, and loved, since that happy summer at West Point. My cousin Robert wrote me all about his romance, and how the bravery of self- sacrificing little Martin would, he hoped, be' the means of his winning his beautiful Isabel. And then he said, " this little Martin's name was really Kitty Molyneux ; and Harry, my boy, I seem to have a dim recollection that you were half in love with a little sweetheart of that name once. But it was there he made a mistake," said Harry Raymond, sitting down beside poor, tremb ling me, and taking my cold, nervous fingers up in his. " It was not ' half in love ' even then, Kitty, it was wholly then, and now" Well, I can't tell you what he said. If you were ever young, and in the midst of your first love-dream, and your lover was such a manly, strong, splendid fel low as my soldier-boy Harry, you can imagine all we talked about for the next two hours, and how it all depended upon " if my mamma and Mrs. Lenox con sented." Then back came the two ladies from town, tired with shopping, but happy over Harry's advent, and our most embarrassing confession. " Whatever shall I do without my Martin ?" said dear Mrs. Lenox. " But then," putting my hand in Harry's and kissing us both, " I was wishing you were my granddaughter, wasn't I ? and now you will be. But then, mind, Harry, I cant' let her go scouring over the plains after you. You must resign, and stay here to take care of the old place, and then my little Marty shall still take care of me." Christmas Day came, as perfect a day as it ever should be. The sky the clearest blue, the air spicy and exhilarating, and the snow covering all things with its whiteness as with a mantle of charity. As we came home from church in merry sleigh loads, we had brought mamma and Isabel with us for the day. Mamma looked better and brighter than I had seen her in two long years, and happy in my happiness, declar ing she liked Harry "next best" to myself. Isabel was thinner and paler than of old, but a serene look of patient hope and trust shone from her glorious eyes. Dear Mrs. Lenox had begged permission to add to our Christmas gifts a silk dress for each of us. Mamma's, a heavy, black gros grain, trimmed with crape ; mine a pearl-grey, and Isabel's the most exquisite shade of violet, trimmed with soft ruchings of snowy tulle. How like a queen she looked in this long, trailing dress, with one white camelia in her beautiful black hair and another at her throat, as we assembled in the drawing-room after dinner to await the arrival of our guests ! I saw the admiring glances Mrs. Lenox and Mrs. Burnett paid her at every graceful movement she made ; and I knew they must be wishing Robert was there to see her in her loveliness. It was very strange he was not there, I thought, and said as much to Harry, who replied, in a very irrerent manner, considering his cousin was a clergyman : — " Oh, the Bobolink is a wise bird ; he knows when it is best to appear." Of which I must say I didn't see the point. But, not liking to confess this obtuseness, I made answer somewhat irrelevantly. " Do you know, Harry, Mr. Burnett has written a long letter to Isabel, which she received this morning. Something which has made her happy, I am sure, for I saw tears in her eyes two or three times in church." " Odd way of showing happiness, I must say," he replied, teasingly. " I did not see any tears in your eyes, Kitten, when I told you I" — — But I laid my fingers close over his lips, so he couldn't say it. " Well," he asked, when I released him, " what did Isabel answer ?" " Don't be silly, Harry ; it was only this morning. How could she answer ?" " Eh, bicn" he cried, springing up, " I am going to see what she thinks she will say. I want to see if she will do it any better than you did." Almost crushing my hand in his, his face beaming with smiles, and his brown eyes dancing with the en joyment a chance to tease always gave him, he left me, and I saw him first say a few words to his grandmother, and then taking Isabel on his arm lead her towards the library, " Now, Kitten," he called back, " don't you dare to come. The tree is in here, and I know you are crazy for a peep. Isabel has a gift to make, and you are not to know yet, Miss Curiosty." I confess he mystified me ; and Isabel looked puzzled, too, as they disappeared together. But presently he came back, and, dropping down beside me, whispered, " I think she'll manage best alone, after all," and then laughed heartily on seeing my bewilderment. At that moment the door opened and the Reverend Robert Burnett entered. He had only a chance to greet each other with a kindly pressure of the hand, when his grandmother took possession of him. Lead ing him towards the library, she said : — " Go, my child, and beside that Christmas tree find the best gift Heaven could give you." We heard his exclamation as he entered, " Isabel, Isabel !" and could imagine hers. But when some half an hour had elapsed and they did not appear, Harry declared, " Isabel must be through ' her answer ' by this time ; it didn't take. Kitten so long to make up her mind." Whereupon the library door was thrown open, the happy lovers roused to a sense that they were still on earth, and the Christmas tree in all its brilliancy shone before us. Other guests were fast assembling, and exquisite gifts were, falling into grateful hands on all sides. " But of all my gifts," said dear Mrs. Lenox, " I am best pleased with my two sweet granddaughters." " And I," added our gentle mother," with my two new sons." " And to think we all owe our happiness;" said Robert, with a grave, quiet smile, " to little Kitten." "Yres," cried Isabel, putting her arms around my waist, " to the unselfishness of a little girl who was not ashamed to become, for her mother's sake, ' Martin, a waitress.' " I was fairly overcome, and, with my face hidden in mamma's neck, strove to conceal my tears. Harry rebelled against the pathetic ; and, taking mamma's white hand in his, he said, comically, " If I am not mistaken, I am irretrievably entangled in this affair ; and it strikes me if two undeserving young men do happen to get each a very charming wife, and grand- ma two very nice granddaughters, and Mrs. Molyneux two perfect sons, and Isabel and Kitten each two — no, I am getting somewhat confused ; but what I mean to say is, that if this dear lady," kissing mamma's serene white brow, " had not brought up so sensibly such ex cellent daughters, we had not found such superior wives. Therefore I think all the praise belongs, first and foremost, to 1 The little old woman who lived in a shoe.' " (the end). 