English Mail \ ' PLYMOUTH BRETHRENISM. In the Cliristiam Observer and Advocate appears part 2 of the article on Plymouth Brethrenism. In discussing the ecclesiastical views of ' the Brethren,' the points are— ' A regular ministry,' 'The assem bly of God,' ' Separation from evil,' 'The presidency of the Holy Ghost,' 'Spiritual gifts,' ' Sects,' 'Rejection of creeds and confes sions of faith.' , The Observer turns from the ecclesiastical views of the ' Brethren' to the doctrinal and practical ones which distinguish them from other Christians. 'Into these,' says the Observer, ' we shall not attempt to enter 'so fully as^ we have done into the church views, but we may touch slightly on some of. the. principal heads. As far as we can gather, the leading points are : — ' 1. That it is not lawful to pray for the pardon of our sins, because, if we are real Christians, they were forgiven 1800 years ago upon the cross. 2. That by parity of reasoning we are wrong in asking for the Holy Spirit, j because He abides with all true Christians, and they have no need to ask for what they have already. 3. That Christ's humanity was not one like ours, but a peculiar arid heavenly humanity, apart from that of any mortal man. 4. That the life-obedience and lifesuffer ings of our Lord were in no sense vicarious ; and that even on the cross it was only during a certain time that his sufferings were of an atoning character. 5. That justification consists in our being brought into. a condition of actual righteousness 'in the risen Christ;' and that the old nature is one with which we have nothing more to do, for our life is really no longer on earth, but ' up yonder with Christ,' and only the new nature is known or recognised by God. 6\. That the law is in no. sense our standard, or binding on us as Christians, our only standard being 'the resurrection-life of Christ.' 7\. That the Christian has no right to take any part in the adminis tration of this world. The governments of the world being in the hands of God's enemies, those who are followers of the Saviour have no business to- hold any office in the State, to be rulers, magistrates, &c.; Nor should they attempt to improve the condition of the world, which is lying under condemnation; their part is only -to keep separate from it entirely. ' , Other peculiar views they hold, says the Observer, chiefly con nected with ' dispensational' theories. ,.., . , . 