p w m & ffltiminal fitoutite. POLICE-COURTS. T H I S D A Y . ADELAIDE: MONDAY, NOVEMBER 12. [Before Messrs. S. Beddome, P.M., G. B. Scott, S.M., and T. S. Porter, J.P.] Joseph Carlyle, Edward DcLacey, Michael Moran, Owen CPHare, John McMurchy, Mary Burn, Augusta Watson, and Ann Murphy, old offenders, were fined 10s. each for drunkenness. DeLacey was further fined £1 for indecency, and Moran 10s. for using insulting language. _ William Smith, labourer, was charged with wilfully breaking three squares of glass, value 20s., in the dwelling-house of James Copley. Fined 10s. and ordered to pay the damage. John Maiden, Michael Coona.v. and Patrick Flanagan, young men, were fined 5s. each for using insulting language on West-terrace. Coorian was further fined 10s. for using indece it language. Arthur Anderson and Frederick Harlow,yoxm™ men, were charged with wilfully smashing a door, value 20s., in the dwelling-house of Lucy Dwyer, Hawden-street. Fined 10s. each, and ordered-to pay the damage. William Underwood, labourer, was fined 20s for drunkenness on two separate occasions. Emily Jane Grten, a young woman, was charged with indecency. Discharged. Michail 'Rabbit, labourer, was fined 5s. for drunkenness and 10s. for using indecent language. - Henry Bartlett, a young man, was fined 5s. for druukenness and 10s. for using indecent language. Henry Lockwod, labourer, was charged with using insulting language. A special constable said defendant passed him in Victoria-square on Saturday last, and called liim a "ghost." Mr. Beddome—"Is that all?" The constable— ' 4 Yes, your Worship." Mr. Beddome (to defendant—" Then you may go." (Laughter.) Henry Joseph Austin, a young man, pleaded guilty to being the person for whom a warrant bad been issued for embezzlement in Victoria. Re manded to Melbourne. Edward Gordon, and Richard Morris two young men, were charged with assaulting Thos. Wm. Campbell and stealing from his person a. silver watch and chain, value £6 10s., on November 7. Mr. W. V. Smith defended Morriss. The case was adjourned sine die. David McCaffrey, a youth, was charged with stealing a pair of boots, value 10s., from the establishment of William Carlyle Hutchinson, bootmaker, Hindley- street, on Saturday night. Prosecutor identified the boots produced as his property. They were hinging on a nail at his shop door on the evening in question, and suddenly missed. From information he received he followed the prisoner down the street, and found the boots in his possession. Prisoner had them hidden underneath his co at. Sentenced to one month's imprisonment with hard labour. 