tfrrfttfisi Siltartoater |knft; OR, TWENTY-FIVE YEARS OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE. BY DONALD CAMERON Author of 11 SScripopolit" <£c.t <£c, Though shadows gaihcr, sunshine fados, nd Ufa tppoara a vale of horrow : Faint Is the heart that Cod upbraids— The sun will shine agalu to-morrow I EPOCH III.— RETRIBUTION. Part III. Scene II. Ode readerB will, no donbt, have guessed t tie cUuugus nbioh have taken place iu the history ol our characters ainoe the awful tragedy at Dismal G en, but it may be as well to bri. fly review the incidents of that eventful period. Both Flora and Mrs. Sinolair were ill for weeks afterwards ; indeed, their livee were despaired of; but the affectionate care of Peroy, who bad the best medioal advice the district could affurd, brought tbem_ round ; and at last they were able to again ait retted the fireside, greatly o mnged indeed. Mrs. .Sinclair had aged beyond belief. The anxieties, troubles, and excitement of the few months suooeeding her husbauu'a death had 'proved too much for her, aud she broke vdowu. Fortunate, indeed, was it for her that her ion bad oaniped out on tbe bill that I night ; else Bhe would have died, and with I her, perhaps, Ailee and Flora. And fortu- I nate, indeed, was it for Peroy himself. A new and pleasing care devolved upon him ; I he had an objeot for wbioli lo live, and, iu I takiug the headship of the family, he became another man. Hariy sold out bis share iu I the claim at Sludgetown, aud Percy and himself began to develop the lode they had I discovered at Dismal Hill. Tuo yields ob- 1 ' tained from tbe surface stone were suCQ- I eiently handsome to erect plaut and ma. I ehinery to suit, and to leave a good balance. A good house was built, and ou the site of the \wxotobed hut in which Mrs. Sinclair bad I settled aroBe a mining town that rivalled I Sludgetown, for, of course, the pioneer mine 1 being so successful, cliims were taken np in every direction ; and some of them did well, I though none ever topped the golden Sinclair 1 Beef, which was one of tbe _ best in tbe -colonies. The returns were, indeed, splen did, and when an offer wus made to ftirn it into a publio company, Percy and Hariy sold their mine, and rsiired with a fortune beyond their dreams. Aunt Elsie bad been buried on a little rise | some distance from tbe house. Pt-roy had a alone enclosure placed around the grave, and a iieadatone bearing tbe inscription : — "Elsie Sinolair, murdered bv bushrangers on tbe night of 27th August, 186 — ere the oold, bard-hearted woman, who had lived unloved and feared, beoause of the gloomy religion which she, in her ignorance and selfish pride, thought to be the faith incul cated by Christ, took her lau rest. No one spoke of her ; all felt that, after her last aot, it was better she was dead. Flora brooded and frettod so greatly that her brother determined to send ber to Eng land with his mother, wbile the mine was being opened, aud this was of vast benefit to both. In new scenes, tbe great sorrow that bad fallen npon them was chastened aud -mbdaed. Mrs. Sinclair viu able, to i«o her Id home" again ; alas 1 to find it a home no longer. All wliora alio had known bad leg ainc- died or gouo elsewhere, and she found herself among strangers. Only the familiar features of the landscape wero unaltered — the Btrenuis and bills and plains- and with these she communed, recalling the past nnd the days when, a happy, hearty lass, h1io was courted and won by tbe love of ber heart, John Sinclair, a'tbougb bis d»nr sister, Elsie, discouraged the wooing, saying Juhn was loo good for a dairymaid 1 How little alio then dreamed ol what would happen aftorwards — ol that sist r's terrible dea'h? Flora became tired of travelling, nnd she resolved to go to Italy uud finish l.er musical education. It would givo ber a part in the cosiness of tbe great world ; it would make ber independent of any reverse ol fortune, and help to wean Iter irom tbe regrets winch seeraod elernal. Leaving lior son at a pri vate academy in England, she wont, with ber inotbor, to Florence, where they resided in a Milu, Here she applied herself to the great a-k of beginning again at too bottom of tbe l.dd-r; entering upon her studies only to discover bow liitlo she knew of singing. But ber masters told ber ber voico was a priceless organ, and she persevered. After an api-ear- Hiice ut La Seala, in Mil in, and in Vteuua, hog sang in Paris; and then, alter some negotiation, obtained the opportunity to try ber fortunes in Drury Lane, the great am bition of ber life. How did she (eel towards tbe man who bad been so cruel lo lior ; who was gudiy of sncli lerriblo crimes; who infarenliuily aided in i he minder of her auiu ? Flora persuaded hern l! that she bated him ; that she would be revenged upon bun ; yet, bow weak and forgiving the heart of woman is. Thongli she tried to persuade herself to the contrary. Flora loved him still, and cireumsiauues could have made nil her o d passion return. If, in ber wanderings, she ha I met him, poor, penitent, forlorn, the bonuiiful woman W. mid have forgiven bira, ns she hnp.-d God would forgivo h r, and taken him to her boirt — lor she was still willing to believe that he was more Binned against than sin. ning, that a perverso fate was more to blame than himself. What if he waa weak, sin ful, unfaithful, be wsh ber first, ber only love I Even us she pursued ber amnition, and worked bard to become a great singer, bow often did her cheeks glow wboo alio thought of tbe chance, when m illing a great debut, that he would ho in the nudteuco, and would be astonished and proud I Tbe mine having been sold, and affairs in Aus tralia pettlud, Harry aud Percy eagerly pressed on to England, Peicy to see hi- rnuth-r, siBter, and ni phew, and to witness Flora's debut; Harry to achieve the great purpose, I Imtigh bow, be did not himself very cloarl, know; nor would be communicate to P rcy aught of that dread and mysterious past, which brooded upon him like a nightmare, and mace him at times almost insane. And thus it wiir that our dramatis per sonate Wero assembled in London to begin thu final act of the trngnly. How Horace I Leigh ouwo there, time will explain. Scene III. In a luxurious parlour at tbe Langham I Hotel late on tha' night sat three men, A I tray with refreshments was set upon the table, and the two were helping themselvcB o whatever was most ploasinu to their tastes. I Too entertainer was Mu-I Harry, and bis I guests were two Loudon delectives. One of the latter was an old man, tbe other quite a 1 spruce and smart juvenile, with all the put on air of the semi-snoliocraey of London I He wore nuexceptiunable clothing, grew bis I beard according io ihe fashion, Brnnked bis 1 cigar lise a real "swell," and spoke with tbe I total disregard of tbe lutier r, which is sup- I posed in some circles to be the shibboleth of I geniilily aud fashion, occasionally lapsing I into ridiculous Cockueyisui. Tbe elder man I was quite different; in fact, there was Bomo- I thing about bint of St. Giles, and bo I spoke with an unmistokeuble Cockney aoeent, I without the eluboraio attempt a' concealment I of bis plebeian origin which distinguished I bis junior. I Mad Hurry — bo still kept bis rosl name I oonceuled from everyone — was evidently I greatly excited. " Well," said he, as bo put down bis glass of witie, almost un tasted, "have you perfoimed your tusk, have you examined into the case I placed b> fore you ?" " We have, sir," said the elder dotoctive. " An t what have you found ? You have been a long time over tbe uff.nr." "It was .werry dflieiil', sir," said the de- teotive, " weir.v difficult, fur we'd to go buck suoli u long lime." "Well, what have you found?" oried Hurry. ".to liuvo learned, sir," said the deteotive, draining off a glass of port, " that in ibe year 182 — there was great, excitement in Heiiglan-i hover a crime committed by Mr. Heniy Ha.vler, the only son of a Midland counties squire, who, though be 'ad no itle, I was one of the richest men in Henglaud. He was tried — " " But what was the orime ?" I " Will, sir, it seems has 'e wor a faBt friend of young Lord Iiadnor, tbo son of tbe then Earl of Bucolo.-leigb — " I " Good," said Mad Harry. " Yery good." "And that tbo two were always together, I Tbt-y were well-known in Lunnon as two of I tbe wildest scamps of tbe time, and wild I youog scamps were as plentiful then as I street arabs now. Well, all of a suddint, I a beautiful girl, with whom Lord Baduor was I liviug, was found murdered, ber throat cut, sir, ana yuuug aujioi who biding in the bouse. It was proved, sir, that Lord Radnor was at the family seat, which adjoined Mr. Hayter's property, and also that young Hayter was madly in love with the girl, who chose Lord Radnor instead. 8be'd been a member of the bally at Droory Lane. And what made things more certain was that young Hayter bad blood on bis clothes. There waa no doubt he'd done the deed ; and il it weren't for tbe influence of bis friends, he'd been hanged, but they got tbe sentence of death ohanged to transporta tion for lite. It seems Lord Radnor tried bard io save him in givin' evidence." " Of cuurso — ol oourse," said Harry, with clenched hands and teeth. " But lie 'ad to givo in to the lawyors, and tell the truth." " But did not young Hayter try to make some defence?" " Ho did, sir ; he said that Lord Badnor had killed tbe girl because he found she bad bpeu unfaithiul, and that he ohauced tocomo l. see him, and ho hsxod him to help him to couooal the murder, and that, in their attempts to carry the body to tbo oellar, tbe blood had got on to Iris olothes. At last, Lord Radnor told him he would go fur a man who would do the I job, aud he bad waited bis return, but be I never came back. Iustead of that, two ser- I vautB of Lord Radnor'o camu and found bim I in tbe bouse. He tried to bide, for fear, but I tbey ferretted bim out." I " Did SDyone believe him ?" I " Not a soul, sir ; it was too transparent I al together. So the young fellow was sent oft to Australia, and was heard of no more." I " You have ferretted that caBB out pretty well," eaid Harry. " Now, what about the other case, that uf L >rd_ Radnor, the aon of I the mau you itave mentioned," " Well, sir, tbai'e miioh clearer, bocauso it happened later. Lora Radnor— the son of the lord I've mentioned, who became Lord | Buoolenleigh through father's dCr1 young Hayter was transported — turned out as wild as hi- father — " " Stay," said Harry ; " what became of Hayter's parents ?" " They were never able lo lift np their heads arterwards, and died of broken hoiuts. Rut to e intiner. Young Lord Radnor, as soon ns b» 'ad got from colledge, got to play ing all kinds of pranks, and went it in Lnnniin. Tbo family was poor, verr poor, though tliey 'ad expectation from a wealthy relalivo called Seafurtb, but there wero several persnns who stood between 'cm. However, arter a while, t'ie old lord got Ibe young one io consent to marry a very wealthy heiress. They hadn't bson married a few month", when up Inrns a y-.ung girl wlm claimed to bu tbe young 1 rd's wifs. an' you may grass there waa a shine. II. wever, tbe young lord declined he'd never seen ber afore. His wife wns Dot pleased wilb bim fur all that, ail' she leaves liirn and goes to live by boiself. T -o data arterwards tbo young woman who claimed to bo Lord Radnor's wile was found murdered in heruottuge. Tlie pnlicn soon got to making inquiries, and fmrn wlia i. I bey beard tbey made -ure Lord Radnor bad killed her out of revenge." " And did they catoh bim?" " Not thai ; bu was too fast for them. He got some inkling of their suspicions aud cleared urn." " Has be ever been beard of ?" "Not till we made inquiries a few weeks ago, when yon put us oi. tbo scent. But I ought io say thut Lord Bnccesleigh bad a younger ton wlm went us midshipman, and as Huppo-od to be drowmled in a war vessel ns went down on the high sons, and when the gentleman to whom you dmred our atieiitiou came borne quite a lot was mmle of him, lor ibe fat or guvo out us bis son. Lord Rnloor, bad died long ago, but. Ibis one was the son who had been in the ship. He'd been picked up by an Australian vessel, and bad lived in tbe bush fur years. He'd done very well on tne dig-gin's, an' uidu'i care to come lmme as tbe family wore so poor uu' lie 'ad no hex. ectntiona whatever, and didn't oare tuucb for bis fulher. Bui, 'appening to hear as a.l tha S-alortliB 'ail died out — one on 'em was smothered in a shaft on a euldfield in Now S.mth Wales— bo cumu In-me to take tbe property." " And did everyone think ibis story was trus ?" " in course tbey did. Why, the old affair bad died out of everyone's mind. The de tectives hadn't the slightest idea of anything being wrong until you snw us, when, afier going over tbo files of the Times, we got bold of all the particulars. He was made qui. e a lion of in Lunnon society." . " And do you think ibe Btnry is probable? ' "Not a bit of it," cried the young detec tive. "Wliy.it is all as plain as — haw — mud in a wiue-gluss, when one has beui.mo ac quainted wilb tne facts — haw. lou see, we r. nd tbo account of tbo shipwreck, and it's us clear there as dayiight that tbe younger son went down. Here's the paragraph that we copied out of the Times," Mad Hurry grnspou tbe document and roud it with furious eagerness. It ran : — " Amongst tboso who were lost was a promising young midshipman, tbe Hon. William Seafortb. The bonis made nn inef fectual attempt to get bim off ihu wreok, but before any help could bo given tbe vessel lurched over, aud those in tbe boats bad to save themselves by rowing out of reauh of the sueiiun. When tbe waves created by tbe plunging of ibe ves.-el int the deep bad sub sided, tlie boats hovered round the scene of the catastrophe for several hours, hut no sign of a human being was discovered." " There, »ou see,'' said tbe younger detec tive, ' there's no douhi on it. This man is Lorn Radnor, and ibe clever rose of personat ing bis younger bro ber was got. up as be knew be could not show bis face in England, long ago as tbe mur.ier took place, as him self." "And what are yon going to do?" asked Mad Harry, almost fiercely. " We would not do any think," replied tbe elder man, " until we'd seen you, who'd set us on ibe scent." " Wall, then," cried Mad Harry, "make all huB e, and arrest bim this night." " But why sosuddmt?' asked tbe deteo tive. " It's a seriuus thing to do am thing with lords, and there's a lot of formulas to be bobserv. d." " Wbaiever you do," Baid Mad Harry, " do it quickly, or bu will escape." " O v can he?" queried the deteo'ivo. " He liasn'ibe B ighle.-tidea of what's going on. Why, no's been recoguised by ull us the younger son." " He bus no idea 1" cried Mad Harry. " I tell you, dou't be m s akeu about this. He knows llio worst to-night, and you'll lose the bird betoio one day is over unless you are sharp. Away with you, aud I'll see tuat you are rewarded. Put all the mHchiuery of the deteotive office at work, or ull is lust." " Drpend npou it, sir," said both, Vising, " he won't escape. We'll consult with our .chiefs ut once." Tbe men went out, leaving Mad Harry alone. Hid face was illuiniued with a strange j -y, and be wulsed up and uown tbe ruutn like a man whose youth bad been renewed. " Dead ! dead 1— all u. a l 1" said tbe Btrunge man, ns bo paced up aud down tne roum with the elastic step of youth ; " and there are no means of clearing tbe grand old nam of the shadow that has fallen ou it, nor of reeoveiiug tbe ostHtee, which have gone to strangers. But what need? Ami nut tbe last ol tbe honoured raoe ? Veugeanoe ouly is left, and that vengeance is within my reach. And au awful revenge ! — darker nnd more terrible than tbe scenes of inose tuelo- arauiHH t uaru io hubuu iu uiy juuvu— ui tuo sensation novels I have read in later days. Good God ! I could griud them to powder 1 I oould burn them to ashes ! 1 could — But, there; if I allow these fierce passions io surge through my hoari,I will go mad again. I feel my reason totiering. Through tbe Si n I will strike tbe father — through tbe sou will John Sinolair be avenged, as I swore by bis dyiug bed. When I think of tbe terrible retribution in store, I begin to have some glimmering that, after all, there is a God — a just and avenging Deity — who, though He allows guilt for a season to be triumphant, in the end overwhelms it in shame." " What's tbe matter, Harry ?" Bsked Percy, walking into tbe room, " Do not over excite yourself; remember tbe weak Biate of your brain." " Matter !" cried Harry. " Sit here and I will tell you." And he rapidly went over the story of tho deteotives, without addmg anything to it himself. Percy was astounded. " Now the darkness begins to roll away," said be, ' and I understand some of the mister tea winch heretofore puzzled me. Now I understand tbe awful aguuy of your lifetime. But there is one thing that gives me joy unspeakable. It is plaiu to me thut, after all, Horace was not a married man when he married my sister. She is his wife. Harry is legitimate. Heaven be praisod ! But what will be done to him ?" ."He will die on the scaflold." Both were unconscious that a listener had been prosent all tlie time, standiug at tho door in an attitude nf intense interest; a listener who turned her eyea heavenwards when Percy spoke. It was Flora. But tbe moment Harry pronounoed tbe awful doom of ber husband she Btsggered away, and hurriedly went to her own apartments. There she passed a sleepless night. At the critical moment her woman's heart refused to allow her to see thjs man arraigned as a felon, A thousand excuses arose before lior; the strmg passi"db of youth; a critue eommitiod in a moment of insnne rage ; these wero tbo exen-es ber love invented, ard for l-nu-s she lay awake, tossing about in agony, thinking, Blinking, bow this wrotcbed man could be savod. The same night Lord Buoelesle'gh and Lord Rainor left London suddenly for Bucclesleigb Hall, to Ibe no small astonish ment of the fashionable world, when tbey heard of it next day. Scene IV. About the same hour Horaoo L»igh, or, as we will now call hint, Lord Rainor — for the reader has by ibis tune UmleiHlood tbe posi tion — at in the drawing-room of tbo family mansion in Urosvenor—quiro, face to face wi'li bis father. The two mon looked pale und anxious. A nameless honor ee- med lo weigh 'lietn down to the earth. Ill a few words Lord Radnor's history since the tragedy at Dismal Glen mav be given. He bad esoaped with M elt Bradley to New Zealand, after a sericH of exciting adventures. In that colony be bad joined wiih bis com panion the very large band of "travellers" which infeslel tlie West Coast diggings. Tlio-6 were men who lived by ibeir wi's, fio- queniing the hotels nnd playing cards or dice with the " soft" or diouken diggers, whereby tliey managed to make considerable sums ol money, which tbey spent, however, as soon as tliey acquired, according to the true in stinct of vagabonds. Lord Radnor, the scion of a noble race, educated itn.l refined, sank fast int.. the miry slough in which bis companions bail become submerged, and 'became essentially one of themsclve.-. Naturally weak und incline I to ple t ure, passionately (cod of w.oe an 1 women, In- took readily to ihu droit llul life. Bri»i les, in suon company, and in the whirl of lo disaip.ui n. he fiirgntihu past, that -Ironlfui past, wbicn b iunted him like nn evil dream, and for the time forgot the terrors of the police. His cowardly nature made bim ever fear an officer uf ibe law. He moved nbuui very little in daylight, and when he did, be slunk through tbe streets thinking every glance cast at bim was one of su-picion. There is no telling to what depths lie would bavo fallen. He narrowly escaped joining a band of bushrangers, for when tlnir lortunes wero very low, Mick bad proposed lo form a bund to rob miners travelling from tbe g ililfielda to ( brisiobtiroli or Dunedin, who liud generally good " swags" of gold on them, ami thus impute tbe horrible exploits of the Maiinga'apu murderers, Sullivan, Kelly, L vy and Burgess, who murdered travellers in Ibe most, atrocious manner for their gol l. Those who know anythi g of Australian history will reuiemner tlie career nf these men, who male ibe part of N-w Zealand where tney were a bell for a time, and who spent the proceeds of ibeir murders in wild sprees, iu tbe course of wnich tbey let out sufficient in east suspici -n upon tbem. Sullivan lurned Queen's evidence and Ba.ed bis own neck, whi o bis comrades remained firm to the last, never opening their lips. What an awful romanuo of crime that was I Who but does not remember that the free pardon granted to tbo villain Sullivan turned out a farce; that lie wns compelled to fly for bis life to tbe prison, with a crowd behind hint enger for bis life ; that be D'guishe I for years in gnol ; that at last the New Zealand Govern ment, toed of himself mid his complaints, smuggled him away to England, whence, iu a shoit toiio he bad to go, as life was made unbearable, owing to the espionago of the police, who made bim known lo every me ; ili.it lie returned to Victoria, ihu oolony in which he bad resided whou the goldfiehls first broke out, only to be upprebemled and sent to gaols; io ho released again, nfler remaining in durance vim for some lime, through hiekuowledge of tne law; tha'. aler- wardB, bis bouse was besieged at Wed. lot- hum. and be Btood in danger of his life ; thai everyone refused to oven spoak to liirn, or supply bim with ibe necessities i f life; and i hat at last lie bus ilia ippcared, no ora- knows whero. Tiuly, Siihivan will bo the Wandering Jew of Australian history. Loid Radnor narrowly escaped that fate ; himse.f uud bis desperate aompuui us were medi f .tittn cn/tlt u k t.H ii w I mil « cnnnlu nf who l ad made a pile in ihe ginlies, returnee to H -kilika, and Mick Bradley cleverly relieved tbem, with bis companions' si i, at p"ker, in a few uigbts. This set tho enteri ng for a little while. They then b-gan wandering about New Z aland, from gold- field to guldfield, occasionally spending it few m.-ntbs iu gaol, until tliey b came so well known, and (bo miners so prudent, in conse quence of gold not being so plentiful, tlmt tliey disOnvered, as Mick Bradloy said, " that the game was played out." I> wus at this time that the scheming brain o! Mick Bradley oniiceived an idea, which was ultimately worked not. As a matter ul course hejlutd long stuee gathered from Arthur (that wus Lord Ridnor'b Christian name) Ins t rue history. At first bo thought liule uf it for bo felt that, owing to bis youthful crime, be could not appear in England or claim any thing; hut during one of tbe conversations a brilliant idea flislied through bis mind. It was to trump up a sh-ry. ami to make out Arthur to be bis brother William who wus drowned yearB ego. Artnur, who waB but a tool in tbe banns of his cleverer though lower companion, at once wrote to bis father, giving the outlines of the plot. After a luug time a letter arrived from tlie old lord, ie- questiog Arthur to write a communication, giving the story of tbe supposed William, the details of which be supplied. An affecting letter was ooi.cooteii and sent. As a matter of fact, tbe old lord wanted to get tbe Sea- forth estates, which were specially entailed to liia heir. Months again elapsed, and another letter arrived stating that tbe bail bad taken, and that no danger was to be ap prehended. Arthur wus to sail at once, and a dralt was forwarded to him. Tbo two friends departed lor England, and on arrival tbey found everything smoothed for tbem. To Bay, however, that Arthur was free fmni the terror of tbe punishment of bis crimes would be wrong. He was no longer youog, snd hi' health wns broken by bis irregular aud di-sipated life. Tlp-ngh be sunn reco vered all tbe outward appearance of a hand some aristocrat, bo wns, in reality, weak and nervous. He cared little to mnvo in society, and pteferrcil tn lay in bed half >ho day, to.nl tbo remainder, and nt night seek some bnuut of dissipation, in wbioli alone lie uiml-l enjoy himself, lie bad become a perfect slave to tbe dice-box, and wue known iu London as one of tbo best ehioken-bazard players in the higher eiicles of gambleroom. But tor all that, there was the constant fear that tbe ghost of tbe past would rise'up to confront bim, nnd that be would be flung down from hiB high estato, aud executed as a common felon. Tbe horror that fell upon him when he discovered iu the now prima donna, his lost wife, was therefuro profuuud, uud it was the greater because bo saw hIib bad recognised bim. But if a climax to bis terror was needed, it was supplied when, on ri.-ing from bis box to hasten away from the theuire, be saw Mad Harry, P. rcy, and bis own son. To say that be tied from tbe theatre ib not figurative. Ho rusbod out into tbo darkuesB, aud, disregarding bis own carriage, took tbe first hansom uod drovo borne, imagiuing ad the time that tho furies of the law were in pursuit. While turning over in bis own mind what to tlo, 1 1 1 o nlivimis course being to fit' t> S' nth America with all he wealth be could realise, lie wns surprised to hour bis father V voice, and in a short time lie entered tin- room, closing the Poor. Arthur looked up. and confused as bis mind was, be was startled nt Lord Bncclesh-igb's appearance His face was of an iisle-n gn y. He threw himself into a chair, and clasped his bunds. " What is tbo matter with you ?" askett Arthur. " I might ns well ask that question of you," fiercely replied his father. " Wi.y did you leave toe tlimtrn so suddenly ?" "Because tho devil conjined up speclrps of the past ftom whom I fled," replied Arthur. " And the same fiend treated mo to otic sptctre, and such a speolte," groaned his father. "Who? what?" cried Arthur, his mind nt. one 'j reverting to the many strange alltisicns Mad Harry had made at Silver- water Bond. " Can this Mad Harry be — " " Henry ITayter," repli;il his f. tiier, putting his hands ever his fane. " My God !" cried Arthur, " then both of us are lost." " What does lie want hero, witli his damned, accusing face?" exclaimed Lord Buccles- leigh furiously, rising up and walking hurriedly across the room. " He knows he can do nothing. He lias no evidence; he can have no evidence. I am secure against him. Put is lie here t) liaunt me like a spectre, to dog ine to my death. Curse him ! I thought he was dust ami ashes long ago ; tlmt lie could not live through the horrors and priva tions which he must have endured. 1 have read in legends of dead bodies which became animated with a devil, anil wandered up aud down the eqrth to ruin aud destroy, and surely this is one. It cannot be be, and vet his look— it froze my very blood." " It is he," replied Arthur. And ho briefly narrated all lie knew concerning Mad Harry. His fat. or listened with a face which was clouded witli shadows of pliu and irritation. "Poll!" said lie, ' have it. This man shall not rise up as my aeeuser, ho shall not brcatliu the same air. He was exiled for life, aud lie is illegally ou English ground. I will have him seized by the police, and sent back to whence lie came." His face cleared up, and ho looked quite relieved. Lord Bucclesleigh had of late years become au altered man. From his earliest youth ho had pursued a life of sensual pleasure, sparing no woman in his cruel and devouring lust, but at last nature had ivfused to obey liis calls upon her, and de.-iro died vitli the food it fed upon. It was then that two new passions arose in his soul, tho love of gold and a superstitious religion — his sophistical mind making t.iese two discordant feelings agree. Tbe uld sinner seemed to feel that he was upon thu verge of tho grave, and he hoped to make his peace with heaven ere he de parted into th: Hereafter, without, however, saorifieing one of his inclinations. " it is impossible," said Arthur, after his father had ceased speaking. "Impossible! Why r" asked Lord Buc clesleigh imperatively. " What do you mean?" For a while Arthur's lips were glued with terror. Ho had not told his father of his career of crimo in other lauds ; ho thought it unnecessary. Bu; ho felt that he must reveal all, for he leaned u;on his father's strung, practical and plotting mind. Still.it wus some time beforo ho could tell the ter rible tale. As Lord Bucclesleigh listened to the con fession of his son, the dark clouds returned to his face, and long ere too close it wuru au evil loo c, in which fear was mingled. It seemed to this bad, cruel man that after all his sins were to find him out in this world ; that, as here ho hud erred, h_ro ho would sutf.-r. " Fool ! Idiot ! Madman !" ho half- soreainod, wliou the last words of the confes sion came from tho bluo, trembling lips of Arthur. " You have ruined us all. I feel that through you wo are iu the meshes of a not from which escape seems impossible. This man, Henry Hayter, appears possessed of a devil aud will hunt us to the tWth. Ho will placo tho matter iu tVio hands of tho detectives, and they will ferret out of the nowspap.rs of the time tho details of tho siiiKing ui uie war vessel, .inu uien il win bo plain to any jury that William could not have been saved. Death, a horrible death, must lie befcre you, and, therefoilo, you must fly at once. Even to tno all this may bo fatal. He may again demand justice of his cuuutry, aud have some new faots. I know not what to do." He resumed his promenade. "There is uotiiing for it," said Lord Bucclesleigh, " but for you to fly as early as possible. He caunot take steps very quickly ; your rauk shields you, and throws a thousand obst clcs iu the way. Let us go to Bu-eles- leigli Hall to-night ; there we will bo safe, for, in cn;o of emergency, you can liido in tho secret chambers. I will realiso some of the property, aud get you suflicieut money. Up uud away — wo will have timo to work out tho problem at Bucclesleigh." Ami by tbo last train tho old poor aud his sou were whirled away to Bucclesleigh Hall, which was not very far from tho me.ropolis. (To be continued.) 