CONSECRATION OF ST. JOHN'S CHURCH, MALMSBURY. The Church of St. John at Malmsbury, perhaps one of the prettiest rural churches to be met with in the colony. Its solidity as a bluestone structure is relieved by white dressing, and its commanding position, with its spire, chancel, nave and aisle, make a very picturesque sight in the landscape. Commenced about twelve years ago, during c he incumbency of the Rev. J. S. Low, it was continued through that of the Rev. Mr Watson and theRBev. W. Chalmers, until now the Rev. Canon Despard, the present incumbent, and the trustees have been enabled to declare it free of debt, and apply for its consecration. The cost is scarcely known, he work having been done so fragmentarily, f but it is believed to have been at least £5000. It is eighty-one feet from east to west, and forty-two feet from north to south. The people of Malmsbury have naturally taken a great deal of pride in their church, and it is to this feeling that whilst supporting the ordinances of religion to the best of their ability, they have also been enabled to witness their church freed from pecuniary liability. The church has always found a liberal and thoughtful donor in Mr R. B. Tucker, who has contributed an additional proof of his kindness in taking upon himself to bear the cost of all the interior walls being coloured, the pews and doors varnished, the roof thoroughly repaired, and the walks regravelled. The interior looks exceedingly well, and the lighting on Monday night, although done with kerosene, was done in a most tasteful manner, with bracket and pedestal lamps. A new font has been placed at the entrance to the chancel. It is of Oamaru stone, lined with marble, and cost £18. The communion table is of antique work in carved cedar, and the chairs within the rail are to match, covered with mauve velvet. These were the gift of Canon Despard. A new silver-plated communion service -was placed upon the communion table. Monday night at seven p.m., was fixed for the consecration service, and although a severe storm burst over the town just previous to that hour, there was a very creditable number assembled to witness the ceremony. At the door of the church the Bishop was received bv the rev. incumbent. T. T. A'Beckett, Esq., Chancellor and Registrar of the diocese, in his robes of office, and Messrs Boundy, Hickocks, and Dr Davy, trustees, with Messrs Young and Syme as ushers. The Bishop was then conducted up to the communion table, where Canon Despard presented him with the petition praying for consecration the Deed of Grant of the Site, which were then read by the Registrar. The Bishop then with Canon Despard, the Chancellor, trustees and ushers, paced the church from the east to the west end and back again, the Bishop and Canon Despard repeating alternately the verses of the 24th Psalm. The Bishop then read the dedicatory prayers, which being finished, the Chancellor read the sentence of consecration, which the Bishop having signed, handed to the Registrar, and ordered him to register it with the Petition and Deeds in his registry. The service for the day was then read, the evening prayers from the prayer book, and the epistles and gospels for the day, with the proper psalms. The lesson was from the 1st Book of Kings, descriptive of the dedication of the Temple with Solomon's prayer on that occasion, and the second lesson consisted of Hebrews X 10th to 25th verses. The choir, with Miss French at the harmonium and Mr F. E. Adamson as conductor, rendered efficient service in the musical portion of the service. In one of the hymns, the first two lines of each verse were sung as a duet by the Misses Despard and Howlett, and the last two as a chorus by the whole congregation, with a very pretty effect. The Bishop chose his text from the gospel for the day, the 21st chapter of Matthew, 13th verse—the cleansing of the Temple— " My house shall be called a house of prayer; but ye have made it a den of thieves." He pointed but that this buying and selling was auxiliary to the Temple worship. The pur- chase of sacrificial animals and the exchange of all manner of coins for the sacred coin which was the offering at the Temple gate. Yet, with all this, Christ's righteous soul was vexed within him at the profanity which he witnessed, and he scourged out the desecrators. The preacher drew from this the lesson how we should treat our houses of worship, that here where God was worshipped and the soul was raised from worldly concerns, there should not be, during the week, occupations followed there which might call up associations of rounds of laughter, or the humorous remarks of jocular lecturers. He did not suppose it possible with them here to maintain daily Divine Service, but in all special seasons—as at Eastertide, which reminded them of the Passion of Our Lord Jesus,—at Whitsuntide, which brought into remembrance the descent of the Holy Ghost,—at Advent, which recalled Our Saviour's Incarnation, and on other occasions—he hoped that they would assemble themselves in addition to the Sundays throughout the year, and so keep in mind the fundamental doctrines of their most holy faith. Nothing was so sure an antidote to the doubt and scepticism abroad as to keep in continual memory the fundamental doctrine of the immortality of the souL The analagies of Nature did not prove this doctrine, however they might illustrate it. Our only proof and hope of immortality lay in the fact that there was One who had robbed death of its sting, who scattered the dark shadows around the grave and lightened up the tomb by the glorious dawn of His resurrection. He exhorted them also to make their bodies the temples of the Holy Ghost, and concluded an eloquent and brief discourse by an exhortation to personal piety and practical religion. The collection was then taken up by Mr F. C. Ladbury, the treasurer, and the other churchwardens. It amounted to £9. The number estimated as present was about 300. The Bishop stayed at Malmsbury on Monday night, and next day (yesterday) Mr W. E. Stanbridge, of Wombat Park, Daylesford, sent a carriage for him, and he was in that driven over to Daylesford. 