MOSES REFUTED. THE subjoined ludicrous production, from the New York Times, is one of the best bur. lecques on the " scientific method" that have come under our notice. The hitat geologists who construct elaborate theories on exceed. ingly frail suppositions might well be extended to some learned professors in other branches of scienc, who have reared wonder ful but unsubstantial fabrics of apparant.fact solely from the " scientific (?) uses of their imaginations." " A new and violent blow has just been struck at the Mosaic accunt of creation by the discovery of an extremely important fossil in a coffoo sack at Biltimore . In the centre of this sack was found the skull of a monkey. There can be no doubt as to the facts. Tho coffee was of the variety called Rio, and the skull was perfectly preserved. Let ui dwell for a little upon the moaning of this discovery as interpreted by the principles of geology. The coffee sack was twelve (say twelve and a half) inches in diameter, and four foot in height. The skull, which lay in the middle of it, was, therefore, two feet below the surface. To suppose that it was violently forced into the sack, after the latter was full, *ould be eminently unscientiflo. No one imagines that the fossil birds of' the Old Red Sandstone dug down into that locality through the superincumbent stratal Nothing is more universally conceded than that fossils are always found where they belong. The animals whose remains we find in the rocks of the paleozoio, the meso* Gothic, and the Syro-Phcnician strata, belong respectively to those several systms. The fossil monkey skull was, therefore, deposited in the coffee sack when the latter was half full, and the two feet of coffee which rested upon it was a subsequent deposit. Now, it follows from this premise that monkeys existed during the early part of the Rio coffee period. It is the opinion of most geologists that the Rio coffee period succeeded the tertiary period, and immediately preceded the present period. Now, no,tertiary monkeys have yet been found; but the Baltimore discovery shows that monkeys existed, as early as the middle of the Rio coffee porlpd, a date far earlier than any which has hith.rto been assigued to them. " We are now in a position to inquire what is the least period of time which must have elapsed since the skull of the Baltimore monkey was thie property of a live and active simian. The answer to this question must be sought 'by ascertaining the rateo at which coffee is de. posited. It is .the opinion of Mr. Huxley, based upon a long and careful examination of over three hundred garbage boxes, that coffee Is deposited in .a ground, condition, at the rate of an inch in a thousand centuries, but the deposition of unground coffee ,J almost Iinnitely slower. He has placed bags, coffe-mlllh, and other receptacles in seclided places, and left them for months at a' time, without finding the slightest traces of coffee in them. Although Huxley-does not hasard a guess at the rate of deposition of ungrbuad Rio coffee, Professor Tyndall does not hesitate to say that it is at least as slow asa the.*rato of deposition of tomato cann. Iet us supposei as we.arp abundantly.justiged in doing,.that 30,000,000 of years woulu bPy:rqoured to bring about the dep9pltion of.a, sratgr m :ot itoqiit cane,.one foot thick, all over the surlfa. o. the globeariquallyg.long perlodus ouat lo r have elapsed ihile ' fo'ot of undergi9iuad" coffeo was atdumulatifg over tli skull of 'th B4ttiioreb~mnkey.j" We thus asbortairi that the monkey 'in 'Iquestion Yielded tip' hfI partfoular:tarioty' of. ghosts and, bbPime 'a fossil fully 30,000,000 of years ago. . Probably" even this enormous period of timo is much lqe. than the aotual. period swhichhas elapsdi sipoo, that I monkey's decesse,; .nd .we -ayW consider, ourselves ,afe in: as.sgnng to. hbi skull, toe ago of 60,00,000 years, basldes,,, few odd 9onths,, .. . "$In the light of this aaspaing revelttion,, what becomni of Moes, and hisI U000 ym t, It will hardly esdApe notice that he"nowhere' mentions Rio coffee. Obviously, this omsibl6e - is due to the fact that hi knewflothiIg 'f it. But If hewas uinacqualiteqiwlth onei olftht e most reoent formations how, ean. we' suppose that. he knew anything about.the elder rooks -the ,motamnorpbio and. tireooscopio, Atrat V, SAnd yet t .tis thman, Ignorant of thoplainesb factArof goo0oy, ,ad pI?i,,1ory. simplt t statrt , who 'bnldli;BIau', o ,to.tell uBall, about ,..4w creation I . ,,. . " .' , . i ' i, ,i 