ANECDOTE OF BOOTH. The following thrilling anecdote of Junius Brutus Booth seems new, which is a miracle, considering the number of " anecdotes " afloat on that actor : One evening, as the elder Booth was playing Richard III. in a Baltimore theatre, in his maddest mood, just as the second act was about to commence, a messenger covered with dust rushed behind the stage, and, before he could be stopped, was in conversation with the tra gedian. " What ! " said Booth, as he pressed his long fingers on his broad white temples as though he had tried to clutch the brain beneath, " dead, say you ? My poor little child — my loved, my beautiful one ?" And then, seeing the curtain rise, he rushed on. The scene between " Ann " and " Gloster " was never better played. The actor gave the words of the bard with thrilling effect, but there was a strangeness about his manner that told his mind was not upon his character. Still the multitude applauded till the old roof rang again, and those behind the scene stood breathless with eager delight. The third act came out, but Booth was nowhere to be found. Jt was a bitter cold night, and a farmer, as he drove his waggon to market, was startled from his reverie as he saw a horseman wrapped in a large cloak (and it opened and displayed a glittering dress beneath) ride rapidly past him. It was Booth in his Richard III. costume. Mad ness had seized him, and, regardless of everything, at the still hour of midnight he was going to pay a visit to his dead child. Drawing his flashing sword and throw ing his jewelled cap from his head, he lashed his horse's flank with the bare weapon until the animal snorted in pain. The tall, dark trees on each side of him touched his heated brow with their silver-frosted branches, and, thinking that they were men in pursuit, the mad actor cut at them with the sword and cursed them as he flew rapidly by. At last, after a gallant ride of two hours, the horseman came in sight of a country graveyard, and, as he saw the white tops of the monuments peeping through the dark foliage like snowy crests upon the bosom of the dark billows, he raised a shout wild enough to have scared the ghosts from their graves. He dis mounted, and away sped the riderless horse over hill and dale. It was the work of a moment (and the insane are cunning beyond all imagining) to wrench the wooden door from the vault containing the body of his child. He seized the tiny coffin in his arms, and with the strong arm of a desperate man he tore open the lid, and in a moment more the cold blue lips of the dead child were glued to the mad actor's ! The next morning some member of the tradegian's family heard a wild strain of laughter that appeared to come from his sleep ing room. The door was forced open and Booth was discovered on his bed gibbering in idiotic madness, and caressing the corpse of his little one.- —News Letter. New Large Clock in London. — The monster clock of the Strand and Royal Exchange, which has been in course of. erection during the past year at the south end of the Crystal Palace, is now completed and in working order. This clock is almost a'counterpart of the great Westminster clock, with the exception of the striking and chiming apparatus ; and the dial is the largest ever yet constructed, being 40 feet in diameter, or nearly 1,300 square feet in area. The diameter of the Westminster clock is but 23 feet. The hands, with their counterpoises, weigh nearly a quarter of a ton, the minute hand measures 19 feet in . length, and moves half an inch at every beat of the pen dulum. The distance travelled by the point of the minute hand is nearly four miles a week. During 17 days of ob- servation the. variation was eight seconds only. Allen Hannah, of Jersey City, Avas married recently to - Miss Hannah Allen. Miss Hannah Allen is now Mrs. _ . Hannah Hannah, and is, perhaps, the onljr woman "in the world who can spell her entire name backward and for- ward with the same letters. — f tiprrngjidd Republican . : 