THE RAT CORNUCOPIA [NEW YOKK TRIBUNE.] This is the season when the housewife, while performing the sacred rites of house cleaning, continually discovers fresh traces of the depredations of rats, and ia thereby wrought up to the point of telling her huB band on his return to dinner that he must do something about those nasty rat3, who have exasperated her to that extent that Bhe feels as if she Bhonld perfectly fly. Thousands of husbands have listened to this pathetic wail, and have folt the utter nothingness of man when brought face to face with this problem of the rat. All the palliations that he can suggest arc received with sublime contempt. Usually ho makes the suggestion that 'perhaps a new cat — ' but he is always interrupted with the reply, 'Now don't talk to me about cats — lazy beauts that do nothing but lie by the kitchen fire and steal everything.' Js'cxt the un happy husband suggests that perhaps a terrier dog would not be wholly useless, but he is speedily convinced that no terrier ever yet caught a rat, and that a yelping little brute that lies on all the parlor furniture is enough to drive any woman crazy. He cannot soothe his wife with traps, for she has tried trap after trap, and never found them of the slightest uae. Finally, tho huaband recklessly says, ' Then wo must poison them, my dear,' and is thereupon denounced as an unfeeling wretch, who mocks at his wife'a misery by proposing to fill tho wall with dead rata. At this point in tho conversation the housewife usually bursts into tears and leaven the room, ehout ing through the half-closed door tho i'arthian threat that unlcsa eomething in done about tbose rata she ?won't live in that houso uuothcr year. Thb is truly a sad atate of things. Tho distress of the rat-ridden housewife com peln our sympathy, while we- cannot but feel /or the husband who ia ordered to develop rat exterminators out of bio own inner con eciouenczs. If it was unjust to require tho Hebrews to make bricks which would «how which way tho wiad blow without any otrav/, ia it any leaa unjust to require a husband to 'do something about tho rata,' when ho in Ignorant of tho firat principles of ratexter mination ': In thin particular, however, ho is no better than other men. Cata, trap3, terriorfl, and poiuon constitute) tho entire arsenal of weapons to be ased against rato, and tbo ablest profecaional rat person who fraudulently bargains to free auy bouso from rata ban no additional weapons at hxn command, liut an uomo auo, let us aay Bir Isaac Newton, boa justly remarked, tho whirligig of timo brings round its new inven tions. Tho rat cornucopia recently invented by a Western variety of Smith promises to accomplish the blessed work of exterminat ing rats, or what amounts to tbo same tiling, of driving every man's private rats over to his neighbor's boose. Tho invention in boned upon tbo science of conic sections and coal, tar, and, whether it proves practicable or not, certainly reflects great credit upon tho inventor. . '. Any man possessed of writing paper, tnr, and cheese can roadily manufacture hia own rat cornucopias, but if be care* for the Con stitution of the United States apd tbe patont laws passed in pursuance tboreof he will buy bis cornoooplu ready made and furnished with a neat revenue stamp, TJioy are to be sold in two different ubapos, either of whioh would be aaeleif without the other, Tho r«t cornucopia No, 1 U ?imply a hollow cono formed of white paper, and a trillo smaller at tho base thau is tho aver ago rat's head. A few partioles of cheeao aro placed ia the amalier end of the cone, and it is then bid oa its side, with tho apox resting ogaiust any solid aud not easily-tnovoablo substanco, -in. -a .closet especially popular among rats. Of course tho cheeso vauiahca in a vory ohort timo, and in thecourao of two or throe days^he rats become go thoroughly convinced tu&t;'the cheese-bearing cornucopia is an houestltMncant tribute to their merits that they discard every suspicion that it boara auy relation to traps. Now is tho time to uso cornucopia No. 2, which resomblea No. x 1, with tbo i. important exception that its interior ig litfod with deodorised ? coal-tar. When a hungry and trustful rat approaches this apparently innocent device and squeezes his head iuto4t iu order to seize tho cheese, he finds tbat . he cannot withdraw. Tho inexorable tat' has, - glued his head fast to . the, crfpircliug cornucopia, and ho is virtually blind. . When a rat haa, thus s c bonneted' hhnsqlf, his first impulse 'is.' to ily to his apartments in the p'artiti(th'or .tinder the floor ; but ho is utterly unable to find the entrtmce ' hole. Terrified by ihis ' situation, ho rushes reck leasly about the' shelf, upsetting all aorta of things, aiid coating an uproar that instantly aummonB thefhead of the house, with a largo pair of tonga; i^ith which, weapon the rat io easily captured. At this point, short sighted people would kill the rat, ' but science shows a better way. By the aid of the tongs, 4ili«-head of the rat is inserted into the nearest ta,t-hole, and he bidden farewell with au earnest pressure of his tail. Ho returns to th-srat; community in the character of a dangerous and unusual ghost. His family renounces him, aud his nearest rat friends, -at- eight of his white, featureless, and conical thead, utter squeaks of horror and rush madly away. 'Within an hour after his catastrophe every other rat will have fled from the haunted premises and sought shelter at the next house. The un happy victim of tho cornucopia, writhing under the false accusation that he is a ghost, and unablo to eat or drink, soon perishes miserably. Thus the house is freed from rats, and the householder calls his wife together and' bids her rejoice with him over the defeat of the enetcy. Persons wanting further information as to the rat cornucopia should write to the inventor, enclosing twelve three cent stamps, to defray the postage on the postal can! which they will promptly receive, and which will be written all over with first-class information. If by calling the attention' of the public to thia invention, rats aud family dissensions should be obviated' at one and tbe same time, more or less people will not have lived wholly in vain. 