'Pius ix ? ?; To i\ Catholic who is even decently acquainted with the constitution of his Church, nothing could be more arausirg than tho news v/e get from Rome. If a cat has niiio livess tho Holy Father must have ninety, for not only is he periodically killed, but his successor is elected. We are informed that Cardinal Panebianco is already elected, and yet by tho constitu tion of Nicholas If. and A lexander III. a C'lVflinnl «':nmrnirc! n mni'tnl ';i™ if !?» /mm.. municates with any one about the ouccQsscr duiiag . tho lifetime of a Fopr. But beforo this successor can be elected it v/ould be move plausible to havo the Pope dead. This is the great difficulty, for unfortunately the Holy Father v/ill not die. There ia a meeting of Cardinals at Rome, and it is rumoured that the death is being kept a secret. Cardinal Manning is sent for. Now the Pope must be alive again, for the ' Pope re-» quired his advice about the next election.' The Cardinal Camerlengo is appointed,- and again the Pope is said to be ' in a dying state.' However, he recovers again, and at last we are flatly told that he is dead. And the oddest feature of the serio-comedy is that these xeports emanate — not from Catholics— but from the correspondents of the Protestant Press. They do not be lieve in the ' the old man at the Vatican,' they renounce the jurisdiction of ' the Bishop of Rome,' and call him ' anti Chriofc.' And yet, somehow, they take an interest in him whom they affect to de opice. Wo monarch, no statesman absorbs ouch intense attention. His merest ut terances are noted down as though they v/ere divinely inopircd. if his nose bleeds . ' tho fact is flashed to the uttermost pnrto of tho earth. Now, why is all this t Ib such intense interest in the duration of his life compatible with an honest belief thai he h an impostor? ; ' Bat the interest in the life of Pius IX. ,--? - fades before the interest taken in the flection of his successor. Who he will be, seems to be a revelation which is hidden from the Church, but revealed to the writer of 'Our letter from Rome.1' According to this gentleman's light?, the running seetas to Ho between Cardinal Pccci and Cardinal Manning. Their respective qualifies) tiorus for the office are coolly discussed. Unfortunately for Pecei, be happens to have been a monk, and 'therefore he is not a favourite in the eyes of 'our Roman correspondent.' Isfow, how idle all such preexistings are may be gathered from a very few facts. It is humanly impossible for any man, even for 'the Holy Father himself, to know, or even reasonably to uuspecfc, who will be the next ?Pope. The mode of election has been elaborated with such subtlety, as not only :to prevent a [successful concert, but even to give it the appearance of a Divine inspira tion. There are three canonical means by which the new Pope may be elected — by acclamation, by compromise, and by ballot, The first requires that spontaneously, ,'without any kind of previous conference, all the electors of one accord shall simul taneously proclaim the same individual ; and may be at once disunited from our calculations, because it is very doubtful ?whether any Pope haa been elected in this 'way. The second way, in which the power of the whole Conclave is delegated to a email committee of Cardinals, may be dis missed on the same ground. The last -time it v/ac used was at the election in .1304, which gave Clement V. to the Church. The mode of electing the next ?'?Pope ia pretty certain to be by ballot, land the impossibility of foretelling th^ result will be at once apparent. }The successful nominee must obtain two 'thirds of the votes, and the Conclave .must vote over and over again until that jnajority is attained. No cardiual may vote for the same candidate a, second time, and every Cardinal present must name 'somebody every time lie is called upon to vote. If these precautions are taken in (Conjunction with the fact that to be a Pope it is not necessary to be a Cardinal — even a layman will do — ouv readers will ea'sily perceive what nonsense ' our cor respondent from Home' has been writing. It k more than probable thao everything necessary to secure a free election, and the \- presence of a large majority of the ? Cardinals, has been done ; but it is simply impossible that any two Cardinals have conferred together, or that the Holy Father has exercised the slightest influence over them. Believing as the Church dous that the Conclave is a mere plastic instru ment for expressing the will of the Holy Ghost, it would be a denial of our iaith in .the Divine authority of Christ's Vicar to suppose that the choice of him could be prevented or brought about by human agency. The future ia hidden f.oin us by the cloud that travels before us, all we can speculate upon is the |v;-nt. If our . Holy Father has not ahe 1. passed to bis rest— -and- how well earned i— -it. certainly seems certain that his end is thought probable by those who ought to know best, among whom we do not include {{ our Roman correspondent.' The meetings of the Cardinals, their constant visits to their master, bho appjiutmunb of the Cardinal Camerlengo, who is the offi cial organizer during the interregnum — ? all this, taken with the undoubted fact that during the last few mouths the Holy Father has been growing more feeble, leaves little doubt that a change is ex pected. What a loss the death of Pius IX. will be to the Church no Ca holic can help feeling. Although. we have not seen him, yet his form, his voice, his manner have been familiar to xn from our child hood. The Catholic Church will lo.se one of her greatest Popes, and each Catholic will Io3e one on whose words he has hung ?as on the words of a kind father. - i 