PAPAL CONCLAVE. Tin-; late telegrams from Europe as to the state of the Poje's health revive the interest felt by all classes in the forms used for the election of a bishop to till the chair of St. Peter. Tho subjoined description is extracted from a work entitled 'Pius the Ninth; or the First Year of his I ontificatc. By Count C. A. de Goddes de Lianconrt. of ihe Pontifical Academy of the LiDcei at Rome, and James A. Manning:, Esq., of the Inner Temple.' The Conclave is the place where the Cardinals assemble for the election of a Pope. The name is also given to the assembly of Cardinals who are engaged in Ihe election, who select the place which they think proper, the name not being applicable to nny particular locality, although the Vatican, or pahce of St. Peter, has for a long time been the chosen hpot, nrrd is in fact the best adapted for the purpose by von sou of its grandeur and majesty, for the facility of (.'umding it from interruption, its courts .?ind galleries, (ho grand, square before the pal.icc, nnd finally for the convenience of the position as n -gnrdfi the adoration of the Pope, a c«remony which is hold there alter tbe election; and as the obsequies of the Pope take place in that church, it is much more convenient for tbe Cardinals to pass in procession from the church to ihepnlacp. Thus tho consultation of the Cardinals as to tho place of holding the Conclave is a mere matter of form. In a largo, chamber of the Vatican are built as man? ecu's as there are Cardinals ; the cells are formed of deal planks, «nd cadi h.is a partition for the Conclavists, persons ap pointed to wait upon the Cardinals during the deliberation of the Conclave. The Cardinals draw lots for the cells, each cell having a corresponding- number to that which may be drawn, so that it lreqnenily occurs that Cardinals of different political fontiinmts are lodged in adjoining cells. There is a narrow palace between envh cell, when there are Beveral in the jssmo chamber or pnllcry, but tho same precautions are ob eerved when tbe cells are in separate chambers by means of a paitifiou of planks, the open space'' 'serving for the Con Cliivistfl. Tho cells remain during all the nine dftVB destined to the funeral obsequies of the deceased Pope, during which period tbe nobility and people of distinction visit the Conclave. Tho colls are nil covered with green camlet or serge, with -lie exception of those belonging to tlie Cardinals who were promoted by the deceased Pope, which are of a dark violet; r.nd on the door of each cell are the armorial bearings of its occupant. Petveen tbe cells nnd the windows of the Vatican there is a long galleryfor the accommodation of the Conclave, and it is from this gallery that the cells receive light.* The Conoiave being thus opened, the Order of the Papal Election proceeds as follows: — It is known that tho Popes are elected by a majority of two-thirds of the vote*, excluding: that of* the candidate. The Facred CoJloge, when complete, is composed of seventy Cardinals. 1 . Six Cardinals, called Cardinal Jlishow, or Ephcom Sttl-tir?-icarii— that is to say, the Bishops of Ve letri, Porto-Santo- Kut:no, nnd Civita-Veccbia, Frascati, Albiino, nnd IVcstrina and Sabina. 2. Of fifty Cardinal i'W-.'/.f, amongst whom are found a number of Archbishops nud Bs'iops of all countries. 3. Of fourteen Cardinal Jh ntis. Tiiis number of seventy, however, is never com plct-.Iy fil'ed up; tLere are sometimes from fifty-four to sixty Cardinals— \ hero were sixty in October, 1842. There is nothing to prevent the existence of ihe greater number ; b-:t, habitually, the seventy are never completed. The Cardinal Dean of the Sa- red College is the chief of the Order of Bishops. Tbe oldest Cardinal Priest is the chief of tbe Order of Priests. The oldest Cardinal Dean is the chief of the Order of Deacons. To judge rightly of the operation of a Conclave, they begin by counting the number of Cardinals whom health, age, and distance mav permit to join the Conclave. Then they try to discover where the Inclusive will be, and how they will be able to secure the Exclusive. The Inclusive comprehends the number of Cardinals from among whom it is intended to choose the Pope. The Erclusire comprehends a sufficient number of votes to prevent the Inclusive from being able to cany out its object, by deciding the choice. Let us suppose that the Conclave is composed of i ixty CRrd;na!8. Two-thirds of sixty are forty ; if to these forty we add one vote, as that of the candidate' cannot be counted, the Inclusive is formed, and where there is no fear of defection, the nomination is 6ccure. The Exclusive, in 'The same cenmonies are observed whether the Conclave be te:d at the Vatican or the Qoiruwl. opposition, must be composed at least of the remaining £Sm |J5? V0tc8'?nd» to be sure of Jte calculation, it SS?1i,i^3i.Ol^iSte more, becanaetwenty-one can pre Th? v£v % «'rty-awe hom making any nomination. The Italia i Cardinals always formtne centre of the Inclusive, It is among them, according to their not un reasonable opinion, that the Pope should be found. Experience proves that thia course and this svstem are of very evident advantage to the Holy See. Mo'reover, it appeals that the Great lowers can organize this Exclusive or opposition party by forming it of their naiion&l; Cardinals, and the Cardinals under their influence, or altogether free, and those finally who would not proteed immediately to the expression of the r sentiments. After this, it is necessary to avoid the in-onvenience pointed out by Cardinal de Bcrou, who in a memorandum attached to 'a despatch ad r??se7 tS. Tde, V?rS°nne8» under date of October, 1774, said : * The Inclusive line excludes no one, and proposes whom it pleases; tho Exclusive law excludes, becomes odious, and is often tricked.' There were formerly three modes of election— 1. The Adoration, which was a general agreement to name a candi date on the spot without any opposition, and without scrutiny, of which we have examples in the election of Popa Gregoiy XIII. and Pope Sixtus V. 2. The Compromise, an example of which occurred in the election of the Fieachman, Pone Clement V. 3. The Ballot, or Scrutiny. This is tho ordinary form. There are two scrutinies every day. Tbe first scrutiny ia followed by tbe Arcesso, as a matter of course, if the scrutiny be not definitive. When the election is not concluded in the morning, a second scrutiny is proceeded with in ihe even ing, followed by another Accesso. In order to form to oneself an exact idea of the for malities preparatory to the scrutiny, according to the regu lations of Gregory XV., it should be known that schedules, or printed tickets, are prepared, so that each vote may be given in a uniform manner. In the morning, the Masters of Ceremonies (who have a very important charge at Borne) warn the Cardinals that it is time to repair to the Holy Chapel, saying, 'ad Capettam Domini.'. Whither the Cardinals instantly repair. On the first day the Cardinal Decano, or Dean '(the senior of the six Cardinal-Bishops), celebrates tbe Mass of the Holy Ghost, at which the Cardi nals eoinmunii'ate, going to the altar two and two. Each Cardinal wears a long robe of violet serge, a vestment which is peculiar to these Conclavist meetings. On the other days Mass is celebrated by tbe Sagrista, assisted by two Masters of Ceremonies. The Mass being concluded, a very detailed extract is read from the Bulls of the Cere monial issued by Pope Gregory XV. Then they place a table before the altar on which lies the text of the oath (in largo letters) which every Cardinal is to take.. There are also placed on the table two chalices and two basins or large cups. Three Cardinals- Scrutators are chosen by lot, and then three Cardinals- Infirmicrs, whose duties will be explained. Every Cardinal is admonished to prepare himself to receive a schedule, and to write his suffrage with his own hand. Although all the proceedings and the number of votes and the manner in which they are to be. eiren may have been agreed upon beforehand, use is raade of this, at the hist moment, to secure and sustain the hesitating Car dinals. A check is always to be expected, as a promised rote may be lost, the promise- breaker remaining unknown ; and the managers must also be in readiness to profit by a fortunate change if an unexpected vote be received. For the rest, the chiefs of factious, that is to say, parties, have natuially their eyes fixed upon their partisans, and vice versa. The greatest politeness and a feeling of affection and respeet reign in all the proceedings of the Conclave. The Scrutators and Infirmiors, as they are chosen by lot, belong to nil parties, and int:6t maintain a strict reserve in their conduct. The schedules are about eight inches long and four broad, and are divided by different parallel lines, forming unequal spaces, each of which has its special purpose. We give a model of these schedules which are printed for the Conclave : — A. Ego Cardinalis. B. Fold C. Seal Seal t, Eligo in Summum Pontifi^m '' Xev. Dom. Ifeum. D. Cardm. E. Seal Seal F. Fold O. Some number ; a passage from Scripture. In the first space, marked A, each Cardinal writes his name after these words—' Ego Cardinalis' The second space, B, iB reserved for the first fold of the paper. The third space, C, receives two seals, which fix the fold \vith soft wax. For these seals it is riecesBary that the Cardinals provide themselves with a considerable number of different impressions, which may not be easily recog nized, and will securely fasten the first fold. On the fourth space, D, the Cardinal elector writes the name of the Cardinal he elects after these words, ' Rev. D. Meum. D. Cardinalem.' The fifth space, E, receives two other im pressions, to cover the name of the elected ; then a fold is made in F. Tbe seventh space, G, contains a number, ninety-five, for instance, or seventeen, or any other, and Borne words taken from Scripture, such as, ' Extirpe Dotnine,' ' Dominus JDixit,' ' Dlmittc Servum,' 'Omnia Vanitas,' &c.; Here the paper is folded under, and the last space is left blank. The opposite side of the schedule, or voting paper, is ornamented with two vig nettes, to conceal the writing within, and to prevent a penetrating eye from reading, by means of any transparency of the paper, a writing strongly marked by an insecure hand. The first operation of- the scrutiny consists, as we before said, in the nomination of three Scrutators, to whom, if necessary, ate added anequalnumlerof infirMicr*, charged to iweivo the votes of infirm Cardinals, who may be de tained in bed or in their colls. The Cardinal Scrutators and tbe Cardinal Infinuiers are drawn by lot. It is the youngest Cardinal Dean who draws — from a violet damask bag, after having shaken and mixed them — tbe balls, whereon are inscribed the names of all the Cardinals present at the Con clave. As soon as Ihe Scrutators and the Infirmiers are named they take their places before the table, on which there is a litile box, to receive the votes of the infirm Cardinals. The votes are introduced by jo opening in the middle of the cover of the case in question. The Scrutators open this box, turn it over, showing the inside, and thus prove that it is entirely empty ; then they lock it, and return it to tie Infiniifere. Ihe Cardinal Dean first presents himself at 1he taWe, nnd, taking a schedule from the first bas n, turns towaids one of the other tables ranged round the chapel, writes his own name thereon, folds the voting paper, seals it with the first and second impression, writes the name of the elected, seals with, tho third and fourth impression, folds again, writes tiie number and tbe rassage of Scripture which he has selected, and makes the final fold. This operation is rapidly executed dnring the hitter days of the Conclave after it has been performed four times a day from the beginning of its session. We should also observe that the Masters of the Ceremonies have previously prepared 4he papers with soft -wax at the points in the spaces C nnd E, which ire to receive the impressions of the seals. 'When they leave the chapel and the ballot and Accts&o; have occupied a shorter time than usual; one Cardinal will sometimes say to his neighbours, ' Adessot itrnto Fratici' (Now we are getting on). Each Cardinal votes according to his rank — that is to say, first, the Cardinal Bishops, then Cardinal Priests, and lastly the Cardinal Deans ; and when each has written his suffrage, the Decano takes his between two fingers only, holds it up so that it may be Been by all ; turns towards the altar, kneels, says a short piayer, and, after rising, pro nounces the oath, inscribed in large black letters, on the table before the altar. This oath is as follows: — ' Tester Christum Dominutn qui me judicatures cst, eligere quem sccundum Deum, judieo ehgi debere; el quod idam in accessu praestabo.' ' I call God, who wiJl be my judge, to witness that I elect him whom I believe in God ought to be elected, which I will also do in the acccsso.' \ The oath being pronounced, he lays the schedule on the patcna of one of the chalices and returns to his place. Im mediately after, tho Deacons, the Cardinals-Infirmiers, although their rank may not perhaps call them, take their suffrages to the altar, ond go through the 6ame cereincny. Then they go out, that they may the sooner return 'with the suffrages of the sick. After the I Infirmier, each Cardinal approaches the altar in the order ! of his rank, and deposits his vote. Sometimes a Cardinal who is present may be unable» from infirmity, to rise and go to the table to write his vote- hold it in the air with two fingers, and bear it to the altar. In such a case the last-drawn Scrutator approaches, presents him his prepared schedule, receives thewritttn suffrage folded and sealed, hears the oath, and returns wiih the schedule, when, after raising it in the air, he deposits it in the chalice, where it is united with the other votes. The Cardinals- Infirmiers, who vote next after the Deacons, having repaired to the cell of ono of their infirm colleagues, present him with a prepared schedule and a copy of the oath. The sick Cardinal writes, folds, and seals his voting paper, and with the assistance of the Infir miers, who must always be present, he goes through the same form as the Cardinals in the chapel have previously obw rved. If it should happen that a sick Cardinal cannot write, he is permitted to borrow the aid of another at his choice, the cbosen party pledging himself religiously to keep the secret of the vote. The box, being brought back to the chapel, is opened by the Scrutators, who asceittiu that there are as many votes as there are infirm Cardinals. This recognition made, they place the schedule of the infirm one by one in the chalice. The first Cardinal-Scrutator then shakes the votes in the chalice covered with the patena and draws them out one after the other, counting them in order to place them in the second chalice. If the number of the schedules should not correspond with the number of the Cardinals voting, all the papers are immediately burned without further cere mony. At the election of Leo XII., some days after the opening of the Conclave, forty- nine Cardinals were present ; of course, forty -nine schedules should have been round. If the number of schedules equal that of -the voters, the opening of the scrutiny proceeds. The first Scrutator draws a paper from tho chalice, opens it at the middle by breaking the seals C to uncover the space D, where the name of the elected is written; reads the name to himself and takes a note of it; passes the paper thus opened to the second Scrutator, who also takes down the name. It is only the third Scrutator who pronounces the name aloud ; at the same moment every Cardinal, being provided beforehand with a printed sheet containing the names of all the Cardinals composing the Sacred College, absent or present, without exception, marks, as the name is pronounced, ihe vote he has obtained. The. opening of every schedule drawn from the second chalice is accompanied and followed by the same formalities as the first. If it shoul-i happen in opening the ballot that the first Scrutator should find two votes folded together and united in the middle in 6uch a way that it may be presumed they both belong to one voter, they are considered only as one suffrage when they are loth in favour of the same person ; but if they contain two distinct, names, the votes are both null and void This discovery does not affect the rest of the ballot, which is as regular as if the circum stance of the two papers had not occurred. As soon, as the last Scrutator has read a schedule aloud, he threads it with a needle filled with silk thread by the space D, where the word Eligo is printed, knots the two ends of the thread, deposits the packet in the second golden chalice, which re ceived the first votes, on the table before the altar. If in the first publication a number of votes in favour of any one person be equal to two-thirds of the number of Cardinals present at tho Conclave, the Pope is canonically elected. In that case all is con cluded by an exact verification of the schedules by each of the Scrutators, who test the seals, number, and device, so that by another formality, which is described below, the election is completed. If one name does not obtain two - thirds of the votes, the Conclave passes to the accesso, a ceremony which is resorted to whenever the ballot leads to no definite result. When the accesso is announced, every Cardinal immediately proceeds to take from the second basin one of the distinct schedules prepared for the acoen.o, in which the word accedoh substituted for eligo ('I elect'). In other respects, the form of the votes is the same as in the scrutiny, and presents the same subdivisions. At the. end of the' words Accedo Reverendissimo Dom. meum. D. Cardinalcm, the elector writes the name of the Cardinal to whom he accedes, taking care to name some other than the one he chose at the scrutiny, which is of strict obligation, and lo abstain also from naming any Cardinal who has not at least had one vote before the accesso. If the voter abso lutely desires to have no other elected than he to whom he has already given his suffrage, he adds to the word accedo that of memini — 'I accede to no one,' and folds his billet as in the former case. It is evident that the -accesso is a sort of balloting in another form ; all that is practised before in the regular ballot, and the declaritionof the scrutiny, the visits to the infirm, &c;, are repeated in the accesso, except the oath, which is not renewed. The schedules being drawn from the chalice, the votes of the accesso being noted and published as before observed, the suffrages given by the two votes are counted and brought together for each candidate. If the votes of the scrutiny, united totnose of the accmo, in favour of one Cardinal be equal in number to two^thirds, then the first Scrutator, under the inspection of his colleagues, examines the validity of the schedule of the accesso.' Taking the threaded packet of tho scrutiny, he tests the seals, the numbers, and the devices of the schedules that it contains, and their identity is acknowledged by him ; he then pauses the paper to the second Scrutator, -who does the same, and then the third Scrutator commences the third verification. The name of the elected also forms the subject of a rigorous examination, especially if there be two Cardinals of the same name — two Barberini, two Borghese, two Buffo, two Doria, &c.; The vote is null if it be applied both in the scrutiny and the accesso to the same person ; if it be different, and consequently available, the third Scrutator proclaims aloud the name of the elected, and declares the seal, the number, and the device of each elector. He then registers his declaration. They then proceed to the enumeration of the suffrages by ihe two modes, that of the scrutiny and that of the accesso. If the same Cardinal has not obtained in the united votes the number prescribed, that is, two-thirds, exclusive of his own, all that has been done is considered nrs nothing, and the work of election begins over again ; but if the examination of ihe scrutiny and (he accesso together give the two-thirds without the vote of the elected, then tbe Pope is elected, and the election is canonically effected. In this case three Cardinal Deacons, chosen by lot, are immediately invested with the functions of Recognitors or Revisers, and it de volves upon them finally to verify the operation of the Scritdtois. Everything being found regular, tho election is announced and the schedules are all burnt, as they were after the scrutiny and at the accesso when the number had not been in favour of any candidate. Immediately 'after an acknowledged election the youngest of the Cardinal Deacons rings a bell to summon the Masters of Ceremonies and the Secretary of . the Sacred College. The Chapel is closed. The Cardinal Deacons and the Cardinal Chamberlain— if neither of them be the Pope elect— advance together towards the Cardinal named, who, for a long period, has always been one of the Cardinals present at . the Conclave, and they ask if he accepts his election. France, Spain, and Austria, independently of their calcu lations of the exclusive and inclusive, claim a distinct right of veto apart ; that is, where the votes appear to be directed towards a candidate who is not agreeable to one of these Courts, each of them exercises the right to exclude a can didate, but one only, who may be near having two- thirds of the required votes, provided always that the veto be put in before he is absolutely elected. The veto is pronounced upon a probability which appears well founded, and to be dreaded, atd not upon a certainty. The exclusion of this sort, which, at Rome is not considered as a positive right, being once employed by one of the abovenamed Powers, that Power must accept the choice which follows, unless another privileged Court should also give in its exclusion ; but then the latter may sometimes be found to bear upon a candidate not objectionable to the other two Courts. It is seldom that the motives of objection, are identical in the three Courts. It may te remarked that, although the cup torn prevails, the right of exclusion is -strongly contested at Rome. During the ' Novendiali,' the foreign Ambassadors B and Ministers visit the Cardinals in their General Assembly, ? over which the Cardinal Dean presides. At the election of S Leo 'XII., in 1823, the Duke de Laval Slontaorency, B Ambassador of Frame, performed this ceremony on the 9 29th of August, and delivered an address, in which he ex- ? pressed ' the deep regret which the death of the Pope Sj would cause to bis King, the eldest son of the Church, and BJ stated that the French Cardinals were on their way to join ^m the Conclave.' BJ At this audience the heads of the orders occupied no dis- BJ tinct place : ihe Cardinals were classed, each in one or other BJ of the three orders— Bishops, Prie.st-, and Deacons — and ^H according to their seniority. BJ The Cardinal Dean replied to the Ambassador to the ^M effect that the Sacred College in its grief experienced true ^M consolation fiom his anticipating assurances of the senti- BJ ments. of his most Christian Majesty Louis XVIII. He BJ eulogised the party of the House of Bourbon and its con- SJ stunt attachment to the Holy See, as well as its efforts wM against the impiety of the French philosophy. The Dean iB spoke with admiration of the King's magnanimity in his |fl enterprise to save a Prince of his blood from cmel BJ enemies— of the glory of his armies restoring, in tho *' H Peninsula, religion on the altar and monarchy on tho BJ throne. The Cardinal concluded by some flattering words BJ on the religious and political principles and on the family BJ same of the King's Ambassador. BJ At thst election it was agreed that the Conclave should BJ not take place at the Vatican, but at the Quirinai, in the BJ long wing of the palace which fronts the beautiful street H leading to the Forta Pia. For this purpose the street was BJ baricaded on the south, and on the other side towards the BJ Four Fountains on the north. As to the interior of the BJ Conclave, it was settled that the wall surrounding the BJ Pope's garden should be its boundary, and that the enjoy- BJ raent of the garden should be interdicted to ail persons |H counect ed with the Conclave, even the Cardinals themselves, BJ in order to follow out rigidly the intentions ef the Pontiffs, BJ who were desirous to render the Conclave as inconvenient BJ as possible, in order to hasten the election. SJ On the 2nd of September the Cardinals entered on tha BJ Conclave. The Ambassadors visited them oae after the 9J other in their little cells, and on this occasion occurred an BJ instance of the exercise of the Veto or Exclusion. BJ Cardinal Albani, Ambassador (within the Conclave) from |9 the Emperor of Austria, exercised the right of exclusion BJ against Cardinal Severoli. The greater number of Italians, BJ it was said, inclined to Cardinal Sevvroli. It waspre- BJ tended that he was acquainted with tho plans and intrigues £? ot the Court of Vienna. He had resided there as Nuncio, IB but the duty of a Pope is quite different from that of a 9J Nuncio- On the 21st 'of September Austria excluded this nj Cardinal, because he had twenty- six votes on the morning BJ of that day, and there was reason to believe that at the BJ evening election he would obtain a sufficient increase to BJ ensure his nomination — which, considering the number of hJ Cardinals then present, was thirty-three, forming two- flj thirds of the votes, without reckoning that of the candidate, §9 who cannot vote for himself; indeed, when it is acknow- 9 ledged that a candidate has the requisite two-thirds of 9J 'the votes the voting- -papers are opened, in order to ascertain {? whether he has or lias not voted for himself. But it has BJ never appeared that any such vote has been given. BJ Before the scrutiny, on the evening of the 21st, there BJ was a meeting of the opposition, attended by the Cardinals BJ Albani, Fabrice, Ruffo, Solaro, and Haefnin. It was their 3J opinion that not a moment should bo lost in declaring BJ S6veroli's exclusion in the name of Austria. At the moment SJ when the Cardinals began to sign their schedules, Cardinal fl Albani sent in the following note : — S ' In my quality of Ambassador Extraordinary of Austria fl at the Sacred College assembled in Conclave, which quality S has been notified to your Eminences, and brought to your BJ knowledge, as well by means of the letter addressed to you fl by his Majesty the Emperor and King, as by the declaration H made to your Eminences by tbe Imperial and Royal Am- BJ bassador of Austria ; and further, in virtue of the inutruc- BJ lions I have received, I fulfil the pleasing duty of declaring BJ that the Imperial and Royal Court of Vienna will not accept BJ for Sovereign Pontiff his Eminence the Cardinal Se veroli, and ^J gives him a formal exclusion, this 21st day of September, SJ 1823 ? (Signed) 'Albani.' BJ The immediate effect of this veto was to exasperate BJ almost all the Sacred College, and especially the Italian BJ party. Cardinal Castiglioni felt its ill effects ; and instead BJ of seventeen votes which he had had in the morning, ho BJ had only eight that evening at the scrutiny and two at the BJ accesso. The French Cardinals represented the matter to BJ the Ambassador. They remarked that on the evening of BJ the 21st Delia Somaglia had had eight votes, Arezzo seven, BJ Delia Genga seven, Se veroli eight; the other votes were SJ divided as by chance. Motives of delicacy, which the BJ Ambassador was more capable than any other man of ap- BJ predating, and the extreme rigour of the surveillance they SJ were under, prevented their French Eminences from essay- SJ ing to transmit the daily result of the scrutiny. Their SJ Eminences, Cardinals de Clerraont Tonnerre and de la Fare SJ had, up to this time, perseveringly tried to support tbe ^M Earty of Cardinal Castiglioni, and even to make it prosper; SJ ut they had strong repugnances to overcome. It was the SJ same with respect to the Cardinal Dean, Delia Somaglia. SJ Both had been specially recommended by the King and his SJ Minister ; but, after this indication, the matter was left SJ generally to the Real of their Eminences of France, to their BJ prudence, and to what they might learn in the Conclave. BJ Nevertheless, many Cardinals treated Albani with severity. «J Perhaps tiie terms of his declaration might have been more SJ moderate. They went so far as even to deny the personal SJ right of the Cardinal to pronounce the exclusive, and con- SJ tended that tho right could only be acknowledged in M. SJ Appony. His Excellency, therefore, who could not «ou«» H the authenticity of the ir structions given to Albani, thought SB fit to address the Sacred College on the 24fh instant in the ?? following note : — r . H ?' The undersigned learns that there are circulating ' BJ Rome rumours injurious to his Eminence the Carom BJ Albani. He has been sufficiently accredited to the Sacrtf* HJ College, as -well by his letters of condolence from ni» HJ Majesty the Emperor of Austria as by his letter oj BJ credence, which the undersigned had the honour to transmi* H to this august assembly, which has itself given a political H recognition to Cardinal Albani in the character that nw HJ Majesty tho Euiperor and King of Austria has thought nt HJ to confer upon him. ^M 'These circumstances will make apparent the incon- 9| sistency of thess rumours, the object of which is to make » SJ supposed that Cardinal Albani in the notifications ana HJ declarations which he has had to make to the Sacred Col- H lege was acting against his instructions. Desirous to pre- BJ vent the sinister impression which the circulation of sucn BJ ill-founded reportB may occasion, tho undersigned, who Is HJ acquainted with the instructions given to his Eminence the HJ Cardinal Albani by the Court of Vienna (these instructions HJ being common to him by the Cardinal) , would think he f julea HJ in his duty to a colleague so respected, and so above all ex- ^B ception, by the character with which he is invested, u he Hj were not to make known here, once for all, that ihe declara- Hj tions and notifications which Cardinal Albani has irade Ui HJ .the Emperor's name to the Sacred College aye conformable HJ to the instructions of his Majesty ; and that, in consequence, Hj tho undersigned doss sot hesitate to 'give them his entire ^B and perfect adhesion in his quality of Ambassador Extra- H ordinary from his Majesty the Emperor of Austria to the ^B Holy See. His Eminence Cardinal Somagliawfll easily ? appreciate the motives which induce the Ambassador to do H himself the honour of entering, in the presence of his E™*' B nence,' into these details. For the rest, requesting M. H Cardinal Dean to communicate the present affair to the ? Sacred College, he has the honour to offer to hia Eminence H the assurance of his very high consideration. H (Signed) 'Appony. ? ' Rome, 24th September, 1823.' B This notificafon did not diminish the symptoms of dis- H content in the Italian party. Under these circumstances, H the French Ambassador thought it expedient to make known H to the French Cardinals the new instructions be had re- S ceiyed from PariB on the 13th September. _ . ? Zx^ B fl At that time the course which events were taking was not even suspected. The instructions were as follows : — «? It appears that Austria has desired to secure the election of a Pope whose politics should resemble those which Cardinal Consalvi induced the late Pope to follow. The Zelanti, the Italian party, are too Italian for her. That is because Austria dreads that party more than the rigidity of principles, from which it does not appear that she bas anything to dresd. ?' 'We, on the contrary, desire a member of the moderate Italian party, likely to be welcomed by all parties. All that we shall ask of him is that he will not interfere in our ecclesiastical affairs : but we have no particular Doliry to exact from him. It signifies little to us -whether the ad ministration of Cardinal Consalvi be preserved or modified ; provided always that these be not brought about through any excess of rigour, such an explosion as might furnish Austria with a pretext for bringing in her troops and inter fering ha the matter. ' Thus, M. the Duke, you are thoroughly instructed in the views of the King's Government in the great business with which yoa are charged. It relies with confidence on your teal and prudence.' In communicating these instructions to the Cardinals, th Ambassador added the following reflections :— 'I call the serious attention of your Eminences to this part of my instructions. These are the positive orders of his Majesty for my instruction, transmitted by the organ of his Minister, M. de Chaieaubriand. I ask' you is it pos sible, after these orders, to entertain a reasonable hope of effecting our object by means of Cardinal Consalvi ? 'I am not ignorant of all that he may have said to you concerning his prejudices against the Italian party, or* his fears of reaction against all that was done under the two last Pontificates ; what he may say to you in favour of Cardinal Arezzo, and perhaps of Bertezzoli ; what he has told you he has told me, and has repeated it many times. Be assured that he does not wish for the Cardinal Dean nor Castiglioni ; he would, if need were, create obstacles to the success of either. 'I understand Cardinal Consalvi; I know him thoroughly. He really loves France, and he does not love Austria ; but he best loves his own work, the fruit of twenty-four years' labour, power, and even glory. I ac knowledge his talents, the purity of his viaws, the services he has rendered to us, and those he is still willing to render us. Personally, I congratulate myself on his proceedings and his friendship, and he is no doubt the man I like best of any in Rome ; but, unfortunately, by the complication of affairs, his interests are not ours in this great crisis. ' 1 ask your Eminence, why not attempt to approach the moderate Zelanti, who ought to be our friends? 'It would be necessary to address to them, the extract which I also enclose from these instructions- It is for this that I offer it with confidence to your Eminence In the hope that you would deign to make use of it. We do not desiro to use our influence to indues the Sacred College to make sacrifices to our interest. We ask that there be raised to the Pontifical Throne a person distinguished for his piety and virtue. We ask that he may be moderate and conciliating enough to judge of the policy of Governments. Wo do not ask for a Cardinal particularly devoted to France ; we only wish him not to be the servant of any great Power, for we are more interested than any Italian can be in the complete inde pendence of the Holy See.' The French Cardinals wished to know what they might hope to obtain from the Spanish Cardinal Bardaxi de Azara. M. de Montmorency replied : ' With respect to Spain, M. de Vargas, the Minister of the Catholic King, who had promised me his Spanish Cardinal in favour of Castiglioni, nas withdrawn his engagement. He desired Severoli and still more Gregorio. Vargas is a bar of iron, as almost every Spanish Minister has proved with whom I have had any dealings during the last seven years.' From the 21st to the 28th of September other Cardinals pposed to the foreign Powers appeared to govern the election. Cardinal Castiglioni had not lost credit with any one; but the favour of foreigners, apparently ill appre [ dated, did him injuiy. On the evening of the 21st he had no more than eight votes. The Italian Inclusive were skil ful. On the 27th of September, though that party had prerented a choice, indicated by the excluded Cardinal i Sfreroli, to whom by a prudent compromise the party had nobly deferred the right of naming the Cardinal who should succeed him (he had named Delia Genga), they only gave to Delia Genga twelve votes in the morning and thirteen in the evening. The Exclusive slept in peace, but the Inclusiveallowed itself no repose. Itlaboured through the night, counted thirty-three votes, solicited tbat of Cardinal de I Claremont Tonnerre, who detached himself from the I Exclusive, and it obtained on the following day, quite I unexpectedly, the thirty-four votes whioh nominated Car I dinal Delia Genga. The Exclusive having, without I knowing it, lost a French vote, kept only eight votes faith I ful to Cardinal Castiglioni; the others were lost. The I faithful votes were not, perhaps, absolutely opposed to I Delia Genga, a prelate of such great merit ; but overcome I by the reputation for rectitude of Cardinal Castiglioni, they I acted, although composed of divers elements, upon that I sentiment of consistency which is the absolute rule when a I promise has been freely given. The Austrians especially I remained immovable. They were right — never could I opposition allege a more honourable excuse. Cardinal I Consalvi, a great statesman, who had so long directed the I affairs ef Borne, was one of those who gave their suffrages I to Cardinal Castiglioni. This was almost the first tune that I there had not been a unanimous Conclave, for they are I always unanimous, even after long debates, and no one I wishes to remain dissentient where there are no exclusions, I and the election of a particular candidate appears certain I and a nomination secured. JUouis XVIII. bad not ordered I a formal veto in the name of France ; and the Minister of I Spain, the Chevalier D'Argas, would not have had strength I enough to make his veto highly respected. Besides, he ? belonged to the party of the Zelanti, and appeared to par ? take the opinion of Cardinal de Bernis relative to the I Exclusive. I _ One of the most curious scenes which occur during the I sitiing of ^ Conclave is the arrival of the Cardinals' I owners at the Palace of the Quirinal. Each dinner is I nought in procession through the streets of Borne. The ? state carriage of the Cardinal takes the lead, followed by I we officers of his palace in their state liveries, more or less ? numerous, according to the rank and fortune of his ? Eminence. These persons are- followed by a gilt litter ? carried by two servants, which is magnificently ornamented, I f& 'ears a basket decorated with the arms of the Cardinal ? to whom it belongs, containing the dishes destined for his I r-^-1Si!' ^e Private carriages follow in this procession, ? which starts every day in the same manner, f rom the palace ? of each Cardinal Elector to the great court of the Palace of ? Monte Cavallo. On its arrival in the court, where a tein I ^°-rtry ^ftl1 *? erecteli ^th planks, covered with tapestry, a ? bishop, especially appointed for the service, proceeds to the ? inspection of the viands, carrying his investigation so far I fiv examilie into the bodies of the fowls, the inside of the ? nan, and the bottoms of the vegetable dishes. This search, I pL ^eTcre M that to which strangers are subjected from the ? iriXr? .U8e officers on the French frontiers, is institutel ? with the view of preventing any correspondence or external ? «iflu«ao6 in the deliberations of the Conclave. This object, ? n°wever, is not always attained, for diplomacy slides into ? S^7 hole and corner. When this visit is finished, the ? Bishop delivers the dishes to a subaltern officer, who places ? T^ ™ °ae of the towers of the Conclave, whence they are I ** ** up by a machine and received by the Conclavists, ? Zt. oaiIf ™eai *° the different cells of their Cardinal I Jh*^' Tho duly of the Conclavist is to wait ujpon ? J?e Cardinal and to keep his cell clem during I en i^tion of the Conclave. It is an office in great re - I en at ^'8 P6™0- independently of the excitement I jJf^^tuponthe election, and the knowledge they acquire I eL« liberations of the Cardinals. As soon as the ? Cni11'18 determined, the new Pope distributes to each I an « ° a 8UPX of three or four hundred Roman pounds, ? i~Jr?0Unt which is, however, well earned by the irksome ? «Sk '^f^t to which they are subjected during the whole ? 'Bag of the Conclave. I t)i^rbU°ket of wliite Paint 'H'111 work marvellous im I w ?eute about a man'» premises, but perhaps the I obS piStUTe81ue effect possible to produce with it is I paiatedf a man leans *'? back aS3^mt a &eBl1;' 