[?] Bt Zozihus. 1 With many misgivings and doubts he got up and started foi' liis home, and the way ho put himself over tho ground between the old lime kiln and Ross Bridge was wonderful to ? behold. The nest morning, bright and early, before Hannaberry was awake, a well to-do farmer from a neighbouring district was after him to come and play at his daughter's wedding, which was about to take place. With the recollection of the scenes of last night still fresh in his mind, the poor piper faltered and hesitated for some time. The farmer wondered at his reluctance, and at his mysterious and absent manner. Such conduct was unusual in Hannaberry, and the farmer thought he would try what effect a glass or two would have upon him. In Hannaberry's depressed condition jhe ?whisky worked a magic charm. After im bibing he at once recovered hig assurance and old sprightliness and promised to attend the wedding of the farmer's daughter on the following night. And sure enough, when the guests assembled at the farmer's at the appointed timo, there was the piper with his pipes promptly on hand. 'When he made hi3 appearance in the dancing -room, he placed his pipes on the table, and went to congratu late the new pah1. In the meantime the lads and lasses had ranged themselves on the floor in sets for the dance, and the word wett around, 'Strike up th& music, Hannaberry !' No sooner had the request been made, than the pipes on the table commenced to play the most beautiful dancing tunes that had ever been heard in those parts. Hannaberry was as much astonished at first as any of the company ; but by a powerful effort of the will he controlled his emotions, muttering only to himself, ' Be gorra, I am an. . enchanted man, suroly.' The dancers turned to the -piper for*' an explanation, charging him with vntchcraft, the black arts . and all other kinds of magic. Determined to- make tho best of a bad job, and now perfectly. selfxposoessed, Hannaberry replied, ' Be aisy now, boys ; sure it's only a new in vention of my own in tho musical line. Sorra a thing yez need do but dance, and I'll furnish *' the music. Dance away, and never a hair of yer head will be hurt.' His coolness reassured them, his advice was , good, the music was better, the guootu in good humour, and so on the light fantastic toe they tripped the merry houra away until the dawning of another day. When poor Hannaberry returned home in the morning, a new and sad revelation broke in upon him. His mother-in-law stark and stiff, lay dead in the houso. His wife informed him that about midnight the family Banshee had cot up fchc death-cry in the garden behind the house ; that chortly after her mother was taken ouddenly faint,, ' and gave up the ghost in a short timo, before a doctor or any other person could be called to her assistance. This was a stunning blow to the piper. Of what use was the great gift of musical proficiency, if, on every occasion it was exercised, he was to lose a near and dear relative ? Fo.r, strange as it may appear, he really loved his mother in-law. But as the little old man in green had predicted, Han naberry's fame spread over all Ireland. It was the theme of conversation in all circles, high-and low. At last it came to the ears of the Marquis of 'Waterford, who was at that time the leading sporting man in all Ireland. The marquis was well known a3 the greatest betting man ox his day, aud on a certain evening after dinner, in conversation with his guests, English and Scotch noblemen, the boldly asserted that Mick Hannaberry was the greatest pipor in all the three kingdoms. Of course no patriotic English or Scotch nobleman could admit this. The marquis, however, insisted on the truth of hio asser tion, and offered to back ib up by staking the whole of his immense, estates on the issue of a contest with tho pipes between Hannaberry and any other piper that Eng land or Scotland could produce. Hie challenge was instantly accepted by an English nobleman, who stipulated that tho trial of skill should come off in London, bofore the Court and all iho nobility. The next day the marquis sought out Hannaborry, and told him what lie had done. The poor pipor had not yet forgotten the 'mysterious death of his mother-in- law, and in eoncequonce received the proposal of the marquio to go to London to play rather coolly. 'Hannaborry,' said the marquis, ♦ the best farm on my estate shall be given to you and yours while grasa growa'and water runs, if you como with me to London ; and besides, man, isn't my whole estate bet upon you, and for (he honour of old Ireland, surely, you would not uee me deprived of my estates by the bluff of any Englishman that ever lived P' 'This fervent appeal settled the question, and Hannaberry agreed to accompany the Marquis to London to test the skill of the best English and Scotchpipevs. The next day the marquib-, with the piperanda largereLinue, set out for London, whore thoy arrived in due time, Tho Boens of tho trial of skill was to be in the palace courtyard, before the ! Queen and all the highest nobility of the J land. When the great day arrived, pipers from England and Scotland, including the Duke of Argyle'o own piper, wore on hand to contest tho marquis' claim for the champion- | chip of Hannaberry. The poor fallow him- ? self felt somewhat abashed when ho stepped into tho arena with his pipes, but the recollec tion of the little old man in green cheered him up. Seated around in a vast amphi theatre was the Queen, Prince Albert, the Duke of Wellington, and all the other great nobles of the land, arrayed in the most , dazzliDg uniforms it was possible to imagine, j Out from the gaily-dressed crowd stepped i the Marquis of Waterford, and called for a \ table. It was brought instantly, and I Hannaberry placed the pipes upon it. | Moved by the unseen agency of the fairies, the pipes struck up and -produced tho most ravishing music, to the astonishment and delight of the vast audience. After tho twelve tunes were played in grand style, I the marquis stepped out and said : 'Show i me the man in England or Scotland who can bate that.' ' The divil a man in England, or Scot^ land either,' snid the Duke of Wellington, ' that can bate that, and its proud I am this d-iy — yiyj zs proud as I was the day I bate the Frinch at Waterloo— that a countryman of mine can take the shine out of the whole world on the pipes. Be off home with you now Hannaberry, and good luck to you ; and marquis, niind you treat him well' ' ' Bo dad, I'll do that same,' replied the marquis. And ho did ; for on their return to Ireland he settled, as he had promised, the finest farm on his estate on the victorious piper, whose good fortune was rather dam pened, however, when he was told that his uncle and his aunt, too, had died at the very time the shouts of victory were going up for him from the aristocracy in London. ' He never played the pipes after that, and for all I know, ho ctill livou on the sanio farm,' said Jimmy Chili, as he lit his pipe, and went on deck, to take his trick at the wheel. J. Gr. Summerside, P. E. I., May, 1877. 