."gue Epic «f Hades."* I g£ "r^-the oarts now published, "the author of u-fengsof ,Wo Worlds» adds te th«t v Epib of Hades;; phu-b r noticed list) to, two .fresh parte 'oèU,dePi«;tn.g the pains of Tartarus and Shs the Perfect life of Olympus, between ,which tSeritóT.v/bl'tod last year mil take ita'place *(£Aro of the middle state of the great «oriel of spirits The writer's leading idea, how- ever does not admit of any parallel conception to Dantes "Inferno," "Purgatorio," and "Para diso," for tho chief cheif objécf of the present author is tó represent Tartarus and Hades as both of duration lhua,!iautulus himself is mode1 te MV ' ' Ah I fool to dream f i i,.t «in loin: ¿atti of time might fado and äierge luÄÄum. of blood. Thoy taught of yore, MVhriita who flatter*! nie-nor know at all Xyoud til*» earthly «haw», passionless, pure, ?Und awifü as the Dawn-that tho rou« oared KtcSSy victim» drinking In the «team Of sacrifice wlion the choleo hecatombs Werioefiercdfor ntfwrong" Ah no I thero u ToSA» «fin0* »I»., b»*«'» 1WweBr ,. Of suffeniig wiitin, the soul which seised too much [Of pleasure hero grow« righteous by the pain J\Vn\chdoth «are» ita ¡wrong For what » Right But eqidpolse of Natara idtaniatlng 1 >' The So Much by Too Little T Soton earth , j .. rho salutary silent forces Srork f,Thelr final victory mit year on year r 1 Jfj¿ses and iy> °» «bai and loara the debt , Unsatisfied while the o erburdensd soul' ! Unload. itself inca'« Therefore lt " . I i launer as I siiflerc lore swift dsatli . ' hot me not fan MO otherwise and to^ Toro corni« a lioalluk purpose in »? pain I never kim« on o irtli nor even hera 1 j The once Unedoi ii grows only the tale , . JOf penalties ¿riivn greater hourly dwarfs i JJ 1 Tue aceouil h*M » "a of wrong And yet desire pursues mo »«li -sick, impotent desire, (Fiercei than tli it of earthy j TaitaruB, therefore, is only the stat« U»i which the darkness is far greater,than the ligh.ij, Hades tflatin which the'light begins'to oVerriower the gloom and Olympus thatWwhich the1 celestial wuk , [Thar ' To ti 'But Som It co Thy Abac Of n tool Unh Tho Row Spi* Whi Ule lut I kB Fun And Into Pro« No That Dr1 whicl at lea poem On studj poem some foilec ness, those hard] poen hshe wine recei few, meat extei gatoi halto his Tartarus \¿é something in sublimity to com pensate what it gains in' teuderhebW The true horror af -moral evil?-that it loses the very desire to be; extinguished, and feels that there is.no re- lease for It simply because release would mean, to*lts"corrupt mind/a release from the only end itïeally yearns after, is haidly depicted here at all,jeçcept perhaps ia a single fine passage m the poem on Clytemnestra, in which she describes as foUewp the vengennco winch her son Orestes took Tjrioü her for his father a tnurdar - I 01 I * ii Untd one day I,doolong from W.pal Um^imm), saw .Aliumblo s il pliant c! ul m plltuin g irb, . Approach Uio iharbl» staiï A àuddau throb Thrilled thro lue ami the mother s boort wont forth Thro' all disguise of gnrb and ¡ni 1 rank and years "¡Knowing roy sim How fair hu was how tall And vigorous my boy I What fair straight limb» Àhd nbble 'port I Huw beautiful the shade Of waühoOd on l|is lip 1 I lonkul to burst From my chain) or down yeanniit, to throw myself Upon, his hock within the ualaoe court, Before tho guards-Bpurniiij, mj q loonly rank, All but my motherhood And thou a chill Of doubt o orsjiroad mo, knowing what a gulf Fata get between our live« impassable A» thaï great gulf which yawns twixt life and death rAud, twixt tills noll aud Heaven. I shrank book Mid* turned to think a moment, half in fear, And half hi p-iin dividing tho swift mind. ' > \ai all in love , . ' % Thon carno a ory, a groan from,tho lnnoi court tho blush of sworda taefall Of a body ou the pavement and one onad, 11 The King" Is ii u d siam by tho vojuig Orestes, Who coraoth hithoir With the i$>t% the door Flew open m 1 my son stood straight before me, MU drawn s \ ord dripping blood. Oh, ho was fan; And ternblo to seo, when from his limbs <rhe suppliants mantle fallon loft 'he mall ^Aiul arms of a young warrior I*ove and Hate, Which are tho ouspnng of a oomnion siro, Btrove for tho mastery, till within his eye» I saw his fathers ghost glare mirippeased "From out Love s casements. f J4 Then Ikuow my fato \nd his-piniuo to be slain by my sou, a hand. Arid his to slay me since tho Furios" dravo Our lfves to one destruction and I took His point within my breast i ) ft But I praise not The selfish careless gods Who Wrecked our lives, ^Making the King the murderer of, his girl, And me his murderess , making my son Hie munlorer of his mother und hor love A mystery of blood I-I ourse thom all, The careless Forces sitting far withdrawn Upon the heights of Spaco, taking men a lives ïor playthings, and deriding as hi sport Our Happiness aud woo-I c irso thom alt We havo a right to joy we liavo a right 1 say, as thoy havo. Lot them stand confessed the puppets that they are-too woakto give The good they feign to lene, slnco Fato, too strong For them as1 us beyond their painted sky, aita and derides thom too I curso Fate too. The deaf blind fury taking hnman. souls And crushing them as a. dull fretful oluld Crushes its toys and kuows not with wliat ski!) Those feeble forms are feigned I curse I loathe, I spit on thom It dothienontmonot I would tworo yet to do 1 lu» o lived my life Ihavelo\cd See, thero he lies within the bath, And thus 1 uni ¡to him I thus I Diilut hear him groan ? Oh vengeance thou art sweet I What, living still J Ali me I wo cannot die 1 Como tor turn nu., \e Furies-foi I lovo non soothing words As once ye did my son 1 e misomblo BUud ministers of Hell I do defy } oil,. Not all your tovmanta uin undo tho Past Of Passion and of Lo\ u 1 Even as she spake There carno a \ iewless trouble iu tho air, Which took hor and a sweep of wings unseen, And terrible so unis which swooped on her and hushed Her toIco and Boomed to o oupy her soul With horror and despair and as she passed I marked her agonised eyes. That is a fine picture of the true Tartarus,-the true hell, winch is so much a law unto itself that it resists the very offer Of redemption as if it were an outrage And it is, perhaps, a fault m so completely new a recast of Greek fable that the poet, whose purpose it evidently ia to shade off Tartarus into Hades, and Hades into the finite glones of Olympus and then to connect the limited perfections of the gods-the human ideals-with the infinite source of all perfection does not even attempt to dea) w^thtlns most dif- ficult of all the links in the ascending scale,-the link winch connecta the glory In evil, the love of evil, with that turning away of the heart from it which is the firsji condition of any upward growth The true mystery of evil appears to be in the rapidly diminishing power to live, or even desire to live, without it, —the contraction of the life and heart to limits within whirh good is impos- sible. The Greeks appear to have perceived this vividly And our poet, in the attempt to spiritu alise their unseen world, should have at least at- tempted to deal with this critical feature of their moral conception of it We note it, too, as to some extent a departure from the author's method, as illustrated in the other parts of .his poem, that in his "Tartarus" he appears to go deeper into the gloom in passing from Tantalus, and. Phædra, and Sisyphus, with their gleams of penitence and aspiration, to Clytemnestra, with her deadly rage against the gods, and her firm resolve never to repent her sin, though both in his " Hades" and his "Olympus" he carries us steadily upwards towards the light. We confess that we felt some fear lest in the more difficult attempt to spiritualise Olympus our author should 'spoil a poem which, in its other parts, is so full of beauty But our fear was needless. Perhaps in the studies of Artemis and Aphrodite there is some justification for it. There is certainly less of characteristic beauty in these two pictures than in any other parts of his work But in the treatment of Athene, Here, Apollo, and Zeus, he moro than makes up for his temporary falling off. Indeed, there is some tmng of higher power than anything he has else- where given us in the picture of Zeus as the infinite and invisible author and fountain of all the more finite virtues :— Then when my life revived again, I^aid yvmspenng But Zeus I saw not, the prime Source «id ihre of all the gods. ,,,,,, And she bent low I\\\fa downcast eyes. *'I>ay Thou hast seen of Him «u that thine eyes can bear, m those fair forms i WMçh are but parts of Him and aro indeed Attribute« of the Substance which «îpporti ¿,T P£iVOISO of Things-tho Soul of the World, t". b*T*01 which flows Eternal, from no Source into no Sea. His Purity His Strength ornfjf JF" Know ledge, His unchanging rule V'P^tbou host feen oiilyapart 1 Aod not the whole beingañuitémuid , i n S^r "I"10«!*8 thought nor couldat thou see WnS1« TUlble to mortel MBht. mïïsathtm "" «H Hi» <*s°T> am» the godi UIOriHed essences of Human mouia wno are but Zena made visible to men Ahrfki n^a°lly. only some thin edge , ^.hïlo°f His glory nor know they ' T' ,r£.TaitJaÎîd unT*pected Universes w1? bought -where yet Ho roles, like those ?îiTi'a,.!,1v? canuot we round which our Bim wi.TS . hla Bysten>, or those darker still W ban! Eng man pura neve ora or w lade care and and bait imp busi As! farn upo £50 hun con all! one und of í eoh of 1 pon be i con Car Stn oft as < abl tlei toi i toy lyl( no^ anc coi wa or far im un cat tio to s to Na of fat an fu is du by fai see round which our Sun Di, or those darker still .vnr. -., . we lmow l>ut yo* eli«t aao no eye marks nor thoughtitself and lurk Ul the awful Depths of Spaco or that which is wv.-i. . ^ "v»Msui, or mose aarKer 8tui m!o L1!.T0!6".,^"1? """know but yet exist * Books I and III of the Epic of Hades- ~" L Tar- tarus and the Olympus." Completing the Work. By tho Kit g and Co ^ Two Wor'ds ' 3U,ntl011 Hem7 s Kot orbed as yet, but indiscrete, confused, SQjrn,throLtho void-tho faintest gleam of light Whioh »eta itself to Be. 'And yet is Ho ~ " , Tlwro topi and. rale«, none seeing. But sometime» To this our hoa»en, whiqh is" toWcetoWth * '?*'.* 'But nearer iO'HIm, forawhiloJBe «hows ii, 'i Some'gleam of His own brightness, and methlnks It cometh soon ; tut thou,'if thou sbouldet gn»e, ' 11 Thy Lifo will rush to His-the tiny «park, i , Absorbed in that full blaze-and what there is Of mortal fall from thee." But I i " Oh I soul, ' What holdoth Lifo moro precious tuan to know ' The Giver and to die?" " Thon she : " Behold ! Look upward and adore." , , "I n't , i ' . And with thq wdrd, Unhasttng,,undelaylng, gradual, sure, /Tho floating cloud Which clothed the hidden peak ¡"ii Koso plow in awful silence, laying bare > ,¡¡ , r , 'Spifo afterTOcky iplro, «now alter «now, Wbitor.aud yet maro dreadful, till at last c i " < ' t It left the summit clear., ., -'«ii "i' l"J "<? Then with abound,1'' In the twinkling of an eye, in the flash of a thought, I knew an Awful Effluence of Light, , Formless, Ineffable, Perfect; burst on me And flood my being round, and take my life Into itself. 1 saw my guide bent down Prostrate, her wings bofore her face ; and then No more. at least a suggestion of this noble climax to this poem . On the whole, we believe that this spiritualised. study of the Greek unseen world will live as a' poem of permanent power and charm, though some portions of the Greek myths have certainly, foiled our author by their unmanageable earthli- ness, while to other portions,again,especially those which image the mystery of evil, he has hardly given their full depth. But when the poem is read as a whole, with the part first pub- lished relegated to its right place between those which, have just appeared, it will, we think, receive high appreciation from all—not a very few, in any generation—who can enter into its meaning, for its graphic and liquid pictures of external beauty, the depth and truth of its pur- gatorial ideas, and the ardor, tenderness, and ex haltation of its spiritual life.-Spectator. 