leem well-to-do. 'Above our heads lew the storks, crossing the canal nth much beating of wings. . . . Nothing is more charming than the tpproaches to the little Friesland towns. Jld fortifications have made way for shady walks. Behind Iie3 the green lountry redolent of new-mown hay. In ront stretch lines of houses, with white roodwork and spotless windows. The ;ood folk Hock to the doors to see us pass, he gossips whisper, the children at play aise their heads— all unite in a greeting -f mingled friendliness and curiosity.' [he town of Sneek, with its old water ;ate loopholed for musketry, its bastions :hanged into gardens, its exquisitely dean streets bordered by low louses, its hospitality and kindliness, is i pleasant sign of the change of the times rom those when war and flood and fire lesolated this pretty place. M. Havard s well read in history, and his arclueo ogical sketches are excellent. He de icribesthe chateaux of Loo and Little Loo n Guelderland, the residence of the Prince of Orange, the Arcadian village of ipeldoorn, and Zutphen, where Sir Philip Sidney fell in the hour of victory nrhile assisting the Dutch to defend their iberties against the Spaniards in 1586. Much interest hangs about these old places, with their curious relics and strange monuments. The people are handsome and lively. The thrifty house wives, with their golden head-tires, seem in keeping with their neat picturesque houses and gay blue and yellow blinds, rhere is no dislocation between past and present. New fashions do not usurp the place of old ones, but seem subordinated ind forced into harmony with them. They ttand side by side, and illustrate and loften one another. 'Ostriches and Ostrich Farming,' by Julius de Bosenthal and James Edmund Barting, is a joint work, the latter gentle man giving an account of the natural history of the ostrich and all its relations, including the cassowary and the emu j the former supplying practical information Dn the domestication and rearing of the Dstrich, which is carried on to a small extent in Spain, in France, and in Algeria, and to a very large extent in Cape Colony. The ostrich is frequently mentioned in the Bible, and is still found occasionally in the neighbourhood of Damascus. In Persia it is called the camel fowl, and the ancient Greeks gave it the name of the big sparrow. It occasionally travels immense distances, ind can run at the rate of 36 miles an hour — faster than we go by railway in South Australia. This enormous speed makes its capture very difficult, or it would probably havo been extinct by this time. if hunted with horses the only way is to follow a concerted plan, some of the horsemen start after the bird while others watch the direction it takes and leisurely burn oft* at a right angle in order to come in fresh when the poor creature is spent with fatigue. Sometimes a vast plain is surrounded by a cordon of hunters, who gradually contract their circle until they have enclosed the herd. The Arabs italic the ostrich with a screen to imitate the living bird; and the Bushman of South Airica will remove the eggs, and, lying down in their place, kill the parent when it returns with a poisoned arrow. The enormous demand for ostrich feathers led to experiments in rearing the birds, and M. Hardy, Director of the Acclimatization Garden in Algeria, was the first to achieve success ; but neither in North Africa nor in Europe has the plan been made to pay as it does in South Africa. In 1874 the value of ostrich feathers exported from Cape Colony amounted to £205,040, and the number of tame ostriches has in creased during 20 years from 80 to 32,247. Ihe birds feed naturally upon sweet grass, but nothing comes amiss to them. They ire fond of lucerne, and will eat ' seeds, berries, fruit, grass, leaves, beetles, locusts, small birds and animals, lizards, ind snakes,' and the process of digestion is assisted by ' sand, stones, grit, bunes, and even pieces of metal,' so that a clasp knife or a few nails will be a treat. Alkalies andphosphate of lime axepositively necessary for them in some form, and crushed maize and bones are recom mended. The birds are driven into pens when their plumage is at the finest, and the feathers plucked out or cut with a sharp knife. Each bird ought to yield a pound of feathers annually, the value of which varies from £2 to £10, according to the demand and the quality. It seems to as that ostrich farming might answer in this colony, but the information is not sufficiently decided to act upon. ? Mr. de Rosenthal says that 600 acres are required for 100 ostriches, while another authority, Mr. Kinnear, kept 29 birds upon eight acres Bown with lucerne. Ostriches are liable like other poultry to various dangers. Thunderstorms are said to affect them in juriously. They die of diphtheria in cold and wet weather. They fight and kill each other. Crows destroy their eggs, and during incubation too little or too much heat may prove fatal. At the Cape the eggs are often hatched artificially, and thus a larger increase is obtained. One gentleman obtained in one season no less than 130 young ones from six birds. The 'Life of a Scotch Naturalist, Thomas Edward,' by Samuel Smiles, is a delightful book and an admirable pendant to the chronicles of ' Self-help. ' ' Men of Ecience are born, not made,' said Mr. Galton, and certainly Thomas Edward showed an instinctive passion for natural history from his very cradle. When he could only just walk he disappeared from home and was found sleeping with a fero cious sow and a Utter of little pigs which had excited his curiosity. At three years old he tormented the household by bring ing home 'beasta' such as frogs, beetles, crabs, and small sticklebacks. Soon lus desires extended further, and he succeeded in capturing birds, rats, hedgehogs, moles newts, and horse - leeches. These he secreted carefully, but of course they made their escape, and the neighbours not unnaturally complained when they found Thomas's horse- leeches creeping up their legs. On one occasion he brought home a wasp's nest wrapped in his shirt. The boy was scolded and beaten, his 'beasts' were cast out, and his mother tried to keep him at home by taking away his clothes and tying his leg to the table with a good stout cord, while his hands were bound also. But no sooner wa3 she out of sight than he slipped through his bonds as if he had been one of the Daven port Brothers, dragged the table to the lire, burnt through the rope, air1 nutting on hi3 brother's coat, and leaving tne table on fire, he was off for 'a glorious day out of doora.' Another time when he could find nothing else to put on he wrapped himself up in an old petticoat, and caught a fever from exposure in his search after 'specimens.' fie was sent to school, but only to get into further trouble, for not only did he play truant, but he carried his ''beasts' into school with him. A pet jackdaw uttered a loud 'caw' during prayers, his favourite leeches got out of the bottle and bit the boys, his masters declared him to be in corrigible, and by the time he was six years old he had been expelled from three schools all for love of science. His parents were in despair. They were poor people — his father a hand-loom weaver in Aberdeen — and they were ' dour' people ; but by this time tiiey had found out that Thomas was as 'dour' as themselves. Nothing would induce Mm to go to school again j he said he would work, but he was too young for work, and so for a time he ran wild, ' col lecting' more perseveringly than ever and acquiring knowledge rapidly. At last a place wa3 found for him in a tobacco factory, where he earned 14 pence weekly. There he was happy, for as the factory was situated in a beautiful valley on the river Don, two miles from his home, he had ample opportunities for observing nature ; his master, who was himself a naturalist, encouraged him ; the woods were easy of access during meal hours, and every moment of leisure was spent in his favourite pursuit. This did not laBt long. In two years he was apprenticed to a drunken shoemaker, who slew his pet mole3 and sparrows ruthlessly, and when he asked leave to attend a nightschool that he might learn to write, answered roughly, 'Learn to write! I suppose you will be asking to learn to dance next. What business have you with writing] Am I to be robbed of my time to enable you to learn to write I' For six years the poor lad slaved away for this inhuman master, the only episode in his life being that once in despair he absconded and walked 100 miles with only sevenpence in his pocket to visit an uncle in Fifeshire, who, however, could do nothing for him except present him with eighteenpence to help him back again, out of which magni ficent sum he managed to save sixpence. After this he worked steadily till the age of 18, when he enlisted in the militia, and got into disgrace by giving chase to a rare butterfly while on drill. When he was 20 the family removed to Banff, and he had serious thoughts of emigrating, but happening to fall in love he changed his mind, and married instead upon 9s. 6d. a week. Then for the first time in his life he was able to bring home specimens without reproach, and he began to scour the country methodically. His wife was a shrewd, sensible woman, and she had need to be so, tor his habits must have been anything but comfortable. It was his custom to rush off as soon as he had finished work at 9 in the evening with an old gun he had bought for 43. 6d., and which was so rickety that he had to tie the barrel to the stock with twine. He wandered away for miles, sleeping under a hayrick or anywhere. One night he took refuge from the rain in a badger's hole, and had a hard tight for possession with the owner thereof. He was back in time for work at 6 o'clock in the morning, and kept the Sabbath rigidly. He made the cases for his specimens with his own hands, and his collections were valuable, but he was obliged to sell them again and again to obtain ready money, for in the best of times he never earned more than lGs. per week, and he had 11 children. He studied the habits of creatures, and learned to write in order to record his observations. A.t 63 he is now crippled with rheuma tism, caught in the interests of science, and would still be dependent upon his lapstone and upon his children for subsistence had not a pension of £50 a year been appropriated to him out of the Civil List by the Queen's per sonal request. TTi«* discoveries, especially in crustaceans, are of great value. He was unanimously elected Associate of the linnsean Society ten years ago; and happy in the affection of his wife and children, and in the respect and esteem of the scientific woiiu, let us hope that the evening of life may pass away peacefully. It is sad to think that this earnest man should have remained in obscurity so long. Had the pension been bestowed twenty years ago he would not have said, as he does so pathetically and so nobly,: 'Had the object of my life been money instead of nature — had I pursued the one with half the ardour and perseverance .that I did the other — I have no hesitation in say ing that by this time I should have been a rich man. But it is not the things I have done that vex me so much as the; things that I have not done. I feel that I could have accomplished so much more. . I did not want the will, but I wanted the means.' ^^^^^^^^^^^ ? '? The Protocol. — As we anticipated, the Protocol recently signed by the Great Powers appears as likely to prove as abor tive as the recent Conference. It pro poses a rectification of the Montenegrin frontier, which in itself was sufficient to lead to its rejection by the Porte. Also while recognizing the promises made by the Sultan of carrying out reforms, it concludes with a vague threat that if the Powers are disappointed in the execution of the reforms they will consider the best means for securing the wellbeing of the Christians in Turkey, and maintaining the general peace of Europe. This threat, of course, if it means anything at all implies that the Great Powers are prepared on certain contingencies arising to force Turkey into compliance by force of arms. We are therefore not at all sur prised to learn that the Cabinet in Con stantinople are displeased with the Pro tocol, and will probably refuse to disarm. His Excellency's Reception.— The follow ing names of persons in attendance at and apolo gises for absence from His Excellency's recep tion on Friday, April 6, were not included in Saturday's lists : — Apologies — Mrs. Russell and Miss Russell, Mrs. and the Misses Beresford, Mrs. J. Boothby, Mr. aud Mrs. E. J. Heath, and Mr. and Mrs. Squire. Cards — Lady Hanson, Miss Hanson, Mrs. George Anderson, Airs. James Hill, Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Oldham, and Mr. E.W.Hitchin. Mr. J. Ingleby, M.P.— We are informed (states the Border Watch) that Mr. J. Ingleby, M.P., has sent in his resignation to the Speaker as a member for this district. Business con siderations, we believe, have induced him to take this step. The constituency generally will no doubt regret to lose Mr. Ingleby's services, more especially as there may be a difficulty in getting a suitable successor. Randwick Backs. — The A.J.C. races on Saturday last seem to have been well attended. The people of Sydney must have had a racing treat in the race of the A.J.C. Plate, in which Pride of the Hills and Calamia met the Chry solite colt. The race seems to have been a close one through most of the distance, but the Chry solite colt appears to have won easily at the finish. We do not wonder at the result considering the animal the Chrysolite colt is, and the work Pride of the Hills has done this season. Yacht Race. — The match between the Hon. T. Elder's yacht Edith and Mr. W. H. Bundey's Zephyr, for the cup which the latter won on February 10, but did not accept on the ground of an accident to the Edith, was again sailed on Saturday, April 7, over the sa.ne course at the Semaphore, and resulted in the Zephyr winning. The Edith roundel the winning buoy first, 18 seconds ahead of the Zephyr, bat she had to allow the latter 10 minutes for length of keel, so that Mr. Bundey's boat took the cup. The event was a closely contested and very inte resting one, although the wind was rather too light in the earlier stage of the race. University Lectures.— The first of a course of lectures on 'The Ancient Physical Geography and Geology of South Australia' will be de livered this evening by Professor Tate in the Institute. North Adelaide Torso Men's Society. ? The eighteenth session will be opened this even ing. An entertainment will be given, and the programme will comprise music, recitations, and the dramatic performance of a scene from Tennyson's drama of ' Harold.' Glexelg. — A public meeting of the ratepayers of Glenelg has been called for this evening at the Pier Hotel, to consider the urgent necessity of preventing the destruction of property by the overflow of the Sturt, aud for other purposes. SCPBEKH COTJBT, CBMIHAL STRINGS.' — His Honor the Chief Justice attended at the Supreme Court on Saturday, April 7, and passed sentence upon those unsentenced prisoners who had been convicted before him at the Criminal Sittings. Felix O'Neil was sentenced to seven years' imprisonment for the man slaughter of James Grant 'Walsh at Paradise ; John Thomas 'Wesley Buckingham was sen tenced to one year for larceny ; and Owen CHare to one month for a common assault. The Court was then adjourned sine die. Football. — A general meeting of the members of the 'Woodville Football Club will be held this evening in Kinderman'g rooms. A meeting of the Victorian Club has also been called for this evening at the Scotch Thistle, Kermode-street. Intercolonial Football Match. — 'While the East Melbourne cricketers were here they had some conversation with oar leading football players, with a view to arranging an Inter colonial match in Melbourne during the present season. The Melbourne Clubs are forming a Football Association, and the same plan might with advantage be adopted here. Champion Athletic Spokts. — 'We have been shown seven handsome cups made at the esta blishment of Mr. Davis, jeweller, of Rundle street, and intended as prizes in the forthcoming Grand Champion Athletic sports. There are also several articles of jewellery as additional awards which are both elegant and handsome. READING FOR THE QUARANTINED IMMIGRANTS. —We understand that Mr. E. Sawtell, watch- maker, Rundle-street, will take charge of books and magazines for the immigrants on board the British Enterprise. The British Enterprise.— It is very satis- factory to note Sunday morning's bulletin from the quarantined vessel announced that not only were there no fresh cases of sickness on board, but that the patients now suffering are rapidly becoming convalescent. Dr. Sawtell is still un- well, but there being no sign of contagious disease about him he will not be transferred to the hulk. On Saturday the Governor Musgrave with Captain Ferguson in charge steamed round the vessel and marked off the limits of the quarantine station by a cordon of yellow flags. Half a dozen of the Port police force were then told off, two to hold surveillance within the prescribed limits, and the others to patrol the jetty or beach as might be deemed desirable. It will be seen, therefore, that every reasonable precaution is being taken to carry out the regu- lations. Out of Prison.— On Saturday morning the Colonial Surgeon, Dr. Paterson, with the Health Officer, Dr. Duncan, visited the Fitzjames, and having obtained a certificate from Dr. Worth- ington, the medical officer in charge, that he had examined the inmates of the hulk on the pre- vious day and found them all to be in perfect health, gave pratique and announced that the inmates were at liberty to leave at once. The permission was taken advantage of by one or two of the passengers, who went off at the Semaphore. The rest remained until the arrival of the Sophia, which had been engaged in towing the British Enterprise to within a very short distance of the hulk, when they accompanied their luggage to the Port, where they arrived in time to proceed to town by the 2.30 train. A number of friends of the emanci- pated prisoners were in waiting, both at Port Adelaide and the City terminus, to welcome them after their nine days of durance. Government Labour Burbatj. — A gentleman from the country who called at the Government Labour Office in Freeman-street, on Friday, informs us that although there were on the books the names of men requiring employment, the men themselves were not to be seen, and it was only by the clerk in charge sending to some boarding-house at a distance that their attend ance could be secured. Our informant suggests, and with reason, that those seeking employment should be in attendance at the office within certain hours, so that employers from the country who may be in need of labour may not have to waste their time in waiting until the men are found and brought to the place. Cottage Hospitals.—' A New Chum' writes to us expressing his surprise at the number of deaths that have recently occurred in several of the townships in the North. He says he has seen men brought into a township and placed in the hotel, where they are made as comfort able as possible j but at the same time he con siders that an hotel is no place for a sick man, because what spark of life is left in him may be extinguished for the want of quiet and proper attendance. He then suggests that Government should provide locked money-boxes to be placed in the bar-rooms of every hotel throughout the colony, and the contents periodi cally withdrawn by a collector. By this means he thinks that money enough would be col lected in a short time to build se .'eral cottage hospitals. Arson at Tothill's Creek.— On Tuesday, April 4, a fire broke out on the premises of Mr. Vm. Kehder, of Tothill's Creek, during his absence from home, by which a haystack con taining about 25 tons of hay, stabling, and chaff house were burned down, but by the great exertions of neighbours and assistants a stack within 10 feet was saved. An inquest was held before Mr. S. Dawson, JJP., on Friday, April 6, at the residence of Mr. Render ; and Mr. Small, as agent, attended on behalf of the Liverpool, London, and Globe Insurance Company. The Jury found that the fire was wilfully caused by some person unknown. Our informant states that this is the third fire that has occurred within a month under similar circumstances. Visits of Inspection by the Governor. — His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by his Aide-de-Camp, Captain Haggar t, left Adelaide on Saturday by the 2 o'clock train for Port Adelaide for the purpose of inspecting the Sailors' Home. He was met on his arrival by the Mayor of Port Adelaide (Mr. D. Bower, M.P.), Mr. J. Formby, J.P., the Hon. Secretary of the Institution (Mr. A. S. Neill), the Secretary of the Marine Board (Mr. T. N. Stephens), and the Superintendent of the Sailors' Home (Mr. J. C. Addison). His Excellency was conducted through the building, and was gratified to learn that the Committee would soon be able to offer additional accommo dation to the extent of 44 dormitories, as he had heard that there had been at times a larger number of applicants for recep tion at the Home than the Institution could receive. Mr. Burge, the contractor for erecting the dormitories, will have finished the work in about a month's time, and the Home will then be equal to the accommodation of nearly 100 seamen. Sir 'William, wLo evidently takes a warm interest in the welfare of sailors, expressed himself well pleased with the efforts of the Committee. He however made a sug gestion, which will equally well apply to other institutions, that they should keep a visitors book. The party then proceeded to the Port Institute, and inspected the Reading-room and Library. A visit was also made t.i the Port Club, which meets in the same building. The Hon. Secretary of the Club (Mr. Todd) was present to leceive His Excellency. On account of the suddenness of the notice His Excel lency's presence at the Port on Saturday after noon was unknown to the majority of the people, but the shipping was decorated with bunting in honour of the occasion. The Governor returned by the half -past 5 train from the Port. Scalded to Death.— The City Coroner (Mr. T. Ward, J.P.) held an inquest at the Lefevre's Peninsula Hotel on Saturday afternoon, April 7, on the body of Margaret Hughes, an elderly marrVr'. woman, who died on the previous evening. Stephen Hughes, a stoker, husband of deceased, deposed that his wife was washing on the previous 'Wednesday at noon. She went to move a boiler containing clothes, and had just got it off the fire when she slipped and fell backwards, the contents of the boiler spilling over her chest and back. Every assistance was at once rendered to deceased, who, however, lingered till Friday night and died about 9 o'clock. The cause of the fall was that the floor was a little lower than the brick-heaith. Robert Gething, MJX, stated that the functions of the back and. stomach, as far as the loins, were destroyed, and death resulted from the shock to the system. He regarded the case as hopeless from the first, and was surprised that she had lived as long as she had. The Jury, without retiring, decided that the cause of death was accidental. Bosnia foe Copper at the Moonta Minks. — It will he remembered (says the Wallaroo Times) that at the northern part of the sections of the Moonta Mines, when costeening was done some years ago, the water was so quick that pits could not be sunk down to the old rock. The ground is now being tested by boring machines, which are rapidly penetrating through all strata down to the copper beai ing rock, the diameter of the holes made about three inches. _ One copper bearing hole has already been discovered by means of this simple contrivance, which we may state is similar to that used in coal milling, but new in copper mining. Lbgislattvb Counch. Elections.— The scru tiny of the votes recorded at these elections was continued on Saturday, and when the Acting Returning-Officer adjourned his duties till Monday the candidates stood in the following order : — Morgan, Crozier, Baker, English, Hughes, Glyde, Pearce, Scott, Ingleby, Dunn, Coglin, Peel, Killicoat, and Raphael. During the day the ballot-boxes from Port Adelaide, Yatala, Gumeracha, Noarlunga, Mount Barker, and Encounter Bay were examined ; these dis tricts, together with those disposed of on the preceding day, constituting exactly half — and by far the more populous half— of the districts into which the entire colony is divided. The close contest between several of the candidates for first honours excited a good deal of interest in the returns issuing from the Returning Officer's room throughout the day. The thanks of the public are due in a large measure to the members of Mr. Baker's Committee, through whose energy accurate and complete returns were posted at regular intervals at the entrance to 'White's Rooms, and were also issued to other sources of public information in the metropolis. The scrutiny will be resumed at 9 o'clock this (Monday) morning. Raising the Willcnga. — In our report of the circumstances of the raising of the submerged dredger we mentioned that we were informed that the suggestion to patch her side in the manner in which this operation was finally per formed emanated from Mr. 'Watson, the diver engaged on the work. Our informant in the matter was Mr. 'Watson himself, who supplied our Port Reporter with a circumstantial state ment of what he had proposed and what had actually been carried out. Since the informa tion was made public we have heard that the idea emanated from quite a host of persons ; in fact the officials in charge would seem to have been overwhelmed with valuable advice. In reference to the matter we have received the following telegram from Mr. Thos. Hinckley, of Kincraig:— ' Who states successful plan raising Willunga was originated by diver ?' Another message from the same gentleman requested us to make his first telegram public. From this the inference is that Mr. Hinckley also is one of those who suggested the successful plan, or that he knows another who claims the credit. We are informed officially that Mr. Hickson himself was perfectly well acquainted with the mode adopted, which is no novelty in marine engineering : but it was at first thought that when the water was pumped from the after portion of the vessel the inflation of the canvas bag in the injured compartment would float her. When it was found that this did not answer the plan was tried which must have suggested itself to any practical man, even had he possessed a very small amount of engineering knowledge. The Convalescent Hospital.— His Excel lency the Governor, Sir W.W. Cairns, has kindly consented to become Patron of the Convalescent Hospital at St. Margaret's, near the Semaphore, and having signified a wish to visit the institu tion was met there on Saturday, April 7, by the Chairman (Dr. Wylde), the Honorary Secretary, Miss Hart, and several members of the Com mittee. After making a thorough inspection of the premises His Excellency expressed himself as being much pleased with the Hospital, and bis belief that it was well worthy of liberal support. There are now seven inmates, four males and three females. Since the acquisition by gift of the block of land on which the build ing is erected the Committee have purchased six more allotments, with the view of extending the accommodation provided by the Hospital when the funds will permit. These have cost them £313 4s., of which £53 4s. has been paid off, four years being allowed for the payment of the remainder. From the date of the publica tion of the report in July last 61 patients have been in the Hospital. Of this number five were returned to the Adelaide Hospital— three for operations, one dying of consumption, and the other of hip disease. Two died in the institu tion — one from heart disease, the other, a female, being found drowned on the adjoining beach. Three consumptive patients left with increased strength and temporary benefit, but without hope of ultimate recovery. The remaining 51 were discharged in good health. Forty-eight of the patients were sent from the Adelaide Hospital, and the other 13 were admitted on orders by subscribers. The Committee are very anxious to increase their subscription list, in order to complete the building and pay for the land; and we are sure there Ls no charity which, from the amount of good it does, - is more en titled to the hearty sympathy and assistance of the public. Accident. — A boy named John Nicholson was admitted to the Adelaide Hospital on Sunday afternoon, April 8, his left ankle having been badly sprained in consequence of a plank falling upon it from a stack of wood round which he was running at the West-terrace mill. Mb. W. Corbie Johnson.— Mr.W. Corrie John son, an Evangelist, who is now on a visit to this colony, and who has prominently identified him self with evangelistic work in Victoria, preached yesterday (Sunday) morning at the Presbyterian Church, Flinders-street, to a large congregation. The preacher selected for a text the words, 'And we are His witnesses of these things ; and so is also the Holy Ghost, whom God had given to them that obey him.'— Acts v. 32. The sermon, which secured the deep and unwavering attention of the congregation, was somewhat brief, but was characterized with an earnestness which left very little doubt in the mind of any hearer of the interest and zeal with which Mr. Johnson is pursuing his good work. In the evening Mr. Johnson occupied the pulpit at the Baptist Church in Flinders-street, and chose for the text of his sermon verses 27 to 32 of the 4th chapter of Leviticus. Mr. Johnson will con duct a series of evangelical services every even ing but Saturday during next week, that on Monday evening being given in the Flinders street Baptist Church. Presentation, U.A.O.D.— An interesting ceremony in connection with the United Ancient Order of Druids took place on Wednes day evening, April 4, at the meeting of the Duke of Brunswick Lodge, held at Host Leonard's, Wakefield Hotel, on which occasion a testimonial, voted by the delegates of the different Lodges at the annual District Meeting, was presented to the retiring Provincial President, Brother W. Wilson. There was a good attendance, including the present District Officers, P.P. Sells, P.V.P. Perry, and P.S. Mathews, with other past officers of the Order. After the ordianry business of the Lodge had been concluded, Provisional Secretary Mathews, he having been deputed to present the testimonial, said it was very pleasant to meet on such an occasion as this. Brother Wilson had for many years been connected with the Order, and had proved himself a true Druid. He had served in all the inferior offices, which to [carry out fully took usually a course of six years. He had filled all these offices, but the last and most honoured duty was to retire as a Past Provincial President, feeling he had done his duty to the Order, and to receive by their expression and from their hands a last ing memento of their appreciation of his past services. He then handed to Brother Wilson a handsome gold locket and Albert chain. The locket bore the following iascription neatly designed : — ' Presented to Past Provincial Presi dent W. Wilson by the Adelaide District, U.A.O.D., January, 1877.' Brother P.P.P. Wilson thanked the Brothers assembled for the good feeling expressed by them, and to the Order at large for their kind appreciation of his past services. As an individual member of the Duke of Brunswick Lodge, and as a Brother of the Order, he felt pleased they had been satis fied with his conduct and had testified their appreciation as they had done on his retiring from the Presidency of the Order. He hoped he should continue to prove a true Druid. Smallpox at Dckedin. — Regarding the smallpox at Dunedin, the Otago Daily Timis of March 24 says: — 'As was surmised, the barque that was spokes by the schooner Spunkie and reported as t ? e SydneyJ proves to be the Gloucester, from Hongkong. The state ment respecting smallpox having broken out amongst her passengers is only too correct. However, we are glad to say that she is not such a pest- house as was anticipated might be the case, the dread disease having been confined to comparatively few cases. Captain Vincent, of the Gloucester, states that smallpox broke out amongst the Chinese passengers on January 23, 10 days after leaving Hongkong. It ran through 15 cases, the last of which appeared January 15. Only three deaths occurred, two in the cases of Chinese, and one in that of a Fiji native, one of the barque's crew. He was the only one of the crew afflicted, and we are glad to h«ar that Captain Vincent, his officers, a European cabin passenger, and the rest of the crew have maintained good health throughout. The sick Chinese were quartered under the topgallant forecastle, and there at tended to by their doctor, a Chinaman of coarse. The barque had 122 Chinese passengers on board when she left Hongkong. There are now four ccses of smallpox under treatment, but they have reached the convalescent stage. By order of Dr. Drysdale the patients were marshalled on the forecastle, so that he could see them. There was no mistaking their appearance, their faces end necks being scabbed in the extreme.'' Aschbry. — A prize meeting of the Adelaide Archery Club was held on Saturday afternoon, April 7, on the grounds adjoining St. Peter's College, there being about 120 members present as well as a large number of spectators. The shooting was on the whole very good, and resulted as follows:— For Sir Anthony Mus grave's prize— Miss Jessie Hall (1), 301, less handicap black and white=231 ; second time of winning the prize. Second score — Mrs. F. Wright, 308, less black and white=215. In addition to the competition for our late Governors prize, which has to be won three times by the same competitor before it becomes her property, there were two other prizes offered by the Club— one for the highest score, and the other for the greatest number of hits. The former consisted of oiydized glove and handkerchief boxes, which were won by Miss Jessie Hall, whose score has already been given. The latter consisted of a silver-mounted chatelaine, and was carried off by Miss Horn — 222 with 58 hits. The highest score among the gentlemen was made by Mr. H. D. O'Halloran, viz., 227, less blue, black and white rings=138, and a silver egg-boiler fell to him as the trophy. For the greatest number of hits among the gentle men [Mr. Ross Reid stood highest, his score being as follows : — 145, less white rings, 27 hits. The shooting was'jconcluded shortly before 6 o'clock. After the names of the successful competitors had been announced, the prizes were presented to their respective winners by Mrs. G. C. Hawker. A special general meeting was then held, the result of which was that Mrs. Ross Reid should be elected to the Ladies' Committee in lieu of Mrs. R. C. Baker who resigned. It was also suggested that the season should be wound up with a grand archery festival, similar to those which are held in the old country ,jmd the idea was favourably received. J^jg^MEiS The Eighty-one Ton Gun. — With regard to the 81-ton gun, of which there have been so many eulogistic ^accounts, | Mr. E. Sawtell has kindly shown us an article in the Navy, a high authority upon such matters, which says: — u As far as it goes and in respect to the gun itself the trial no doubt was satisfactory ; but what were the results of the explosion upon surrounding property ? All the bouses within the radius of a mile were terribly shaken; windows that were closed were smashed to atoms, and even a sheet of thick plate-glass far away from the im mediate proximity of the gun was shattered. The effect upon human beings was peculiar, and was described by one who experienced it as closely resembling momentary paralysis. And this is not at all to be wondered at when we recollect that the weight of the charge is 370 lbs. and that of the shot 1,700 lbs. Now, if the concussion in the open air at Shoebury ness is so great, what would it be when the gun was mounted in a confined place in a ship? We believe there can be no two opinions that it would be so enormous that there is no ship in existence, or that ever will exist, which would sustain it without injury. Her plates, not at present fastened on the best principle, must be loosened of necessity, and her complicated machinery materially deranged, i . . If a gun is'made for a ship, Rur*»ly it should be tried in the* first place cu board ship. The most powerful creation of man is useless if it cannot be managed, and we believe that however good may be the result of this latest production, however good and accurate may be its range, it will always have one greater and more startling achievement in store for it — the destruction of its friends if it finds its way on board ship.' A Hint to Surveyors.— Selectors of land in some of the country districts (says ' Atticus') are often at a loss for a speedy method of accu rately estimating the measurements of their intended selections. A gentleman connected with the survey camp at present in the locality of the Bass' tells me of an ingenious plan adopted by a would-be settler. Procuring a short piece of strong rope, he makes two loops in it exactly three feet apart, and fastening one round each ancle, he starts off to ' walk his lines.' As his strides are limited to one yard each, neither more nor less, his calculations and measurements are seldom incorrect. This every man-his-own-surveyor method has, however, one objection, that the hobbles are likely to inter fere with that freedom of action necessary in +h#» rase of an unexpected interview with a wild bullock. ; Pupil Teachebs' Examination. — The Wal , lar oo Times states that: — 'A pupil 'teachers' examination was held by Mr. James Hosking, Inspector of Schools, at Mr. WillshireV School \- room, Wallaroo, on Wednesday, 4th, Thursday, ? 5th, and Friday, 6th instant. Thirteen candl \- dates presented themselves, of whom three were i pupils of the third year, three of the first year, and seven for appointment. The papers were ? sent down to the Central Board, and the result iof their inspection will doubtless be shortly j notified.' Omnibus Accommodation for Glenelo.— iThe later ess of an operatic performance has occasiorally resulted in visitors from Glenelg arriving at the railway station only in time to see the train at South-terrace. In ? our advertising columns is a notice that a special conveyance has been started to run from the Bay to Town, which will reach the theatre in time for the performance, and return to Glenelg after it is over. Payment of Members in Victoria. — ' Atticus' writes as follows on this subject in ihe Leader:—' Various signs in the political horizon portend an early termination of the system of payment of members. It commenced on the 25th of April, 1S71, and after a six years' experience politicians on both sides of the House are testifying to its utter failure. Even Sir C. G. Duffy, who was in reality the Parliamentary sponsor of the Reimbursement of Members Act, freely admits that the measure he took so much trouble to initiate has by no means answered his expectations. It is a noteworthy fact that only one member of the Assembly (Mr. Higin botham) declined to draw the money. In the Council Mr. Bear has not received any since the renewal of the Act in 1874, nor Sir Charles Sladen since his election in August laxt. Messrs. MacBain and Spensley took care to pocket their screws during their leaves of absence from the colony, and Messrs. Michie, Graham, and Fraser of the Council did not forget to do likewise. The only members of Parliament who disdained to bill the Treasury for back-pay whilst away are Mr. Bear, a present, and Mrl McKellar an ex-member of the Legis lative Council. There is a good round sum ac cruing to tie Hon. N. Fitzgerald, who has just returned from his European starring excursion, but whether he intends furaring as a ' claimant* this depondent knoweth not.' The East Melbourne Eleven. — The Secre tary of the South Australian Cricketing Associa tion, ^Mr. F. R. Burton, has received a letter from Mr. H. H. Budd, Secretary of the East Melbourne Club, thanking him for the cordial reception the Eleven met with and the hospitable treatment received from all classes of the community while in South Australia, and stating that the trip was the most enjoyable the Club had ever undertaken. Mr. Budd expressed a hope that his team would be enabled to visit Adelaide next Easter. [From Saturday's Evening Journal^ The Rev. J. Jefferis. — Mr. A. MacCormac, of Barton-terrace, North Adelaide, has just com pleted a half- length life-size oil-painting of the Rev. J. Jefferis, intended to be hung in the vestry of the Congregational Church, Brougham-place. The artist has been singularly happy in catching the eipression of the features. The likeness is so good as to be recognized at the very first glance. The countenance has a quiet yet pleasing expression, and at the same time there is a fixedness of determination in the closed lips and in the glance of the eye which at once con veys the idea of intellectuality and manly reso lution. The figure is well posed, and great care has evidently been bestowed upon the details, without presenting them too prominently to the eye. We are sure the Church will be gratified with the portrait; and as the rev. gentleman is so well known and so generally respected, we hope his portrait will be placed for a time in some position accessible to public inspection before it is finally removed to the Church vestry. Errata. — We take the earliest opportunity of correcting two errors in the article on a The Education Lands' in Saturday's Register. The land referred to is rightly said to have been granted in 1875, and not leased until 1877 ; but, as the dates in the article plainly show, the in terval was not 'over two years,' bnt about fourteen months. Again, we find that through a confusion of Mr. Colton's present and former titles, he was described as being present when the grant to the Council of Education was confirmed in Executive Council. The Minister of Education, Mr. Ward, was there, but the Treasurer, Mr. Colton, was not. We do not suppose, however, that the latter gentleman will say he disapproved of the grant. The case was so strong that there was no need to overstate it, and we rogret that in these two instances such palpable mistakes should have been inad vertently made. NEW BOOKS. \--- "Russia," by D. Mackenzie Wallace, is a most valuable book, and written with so much spirit and freshness that it is amusing as well as instructive. Mr. Wallace had lived in Russia six years, and acquired an intimate acquaintance with its language, literature, and people before he began to write. He has traveled far and wide, and knows the nobles, the priests, and the peasantry almost equally well. His chief aim was to inquire into the effect of the emancipation of the serfs. This great measure, which became law in 1861, setting free twenty millions of people, although talked of by his predecessors, was almost entirely carried out by the present Emperor with the consent of the nation. Committees were formed in every province to inquire into the means of effecting the change, and their reports being laid before the Elaboration Com- mission in St. Petersburg that body drafted the Bill, and no sooner was it passed than it was "faithfully put into execution." Thus was a revolution, such as that which in France had cost so much blood and suffering, peacefully and quietly effected, nobles and peasantry submitting alike to the decree. In Mr. Wallace's opinion the effect can hardly an yet be foreseen. Russia is still in a transition stage, and transi- tion is always painful. Moreover, people expected too much, and a large portion of the educated classes are suffering from shattered delusions. Still Mr. Wal- lace believes that there is far less cause for anxiety than is supposed. In the South the change seems, on the whole, to be turning out well ; but in the North, where the land is poor, the peasants have a hard struggle for a livelihood, and the taxes, which amount to as much as from £2 to £3 for each family, press upon them heavily, while the landholders themselves are giving up agricultural pursuits as hope- less. The other great reform introduced by the present Emperor, the new Law Courts, is a great improvement upon the old system, the Judges being well chosen. Russian Juries are, however, rather impracticable, and evidently need educating for their work. Sometimes they insist upon acquitting prisoners who have confessed their guilt, and on one occasion, having convicted a man of an offence which involved seven years' penal servitude, the Jurymen were "so shocked and frightened at the unexpected conse- quence of their verdict that they obsti- nately acquitted, in the face of the most con- vincing evidence, all the other prisoners brought before them." Mr. Wallace made acquaintance with the Cossacks and visited the "foreign colonies on the steppe," among which, he says, one of those of the German Mennonites always "seems on earthly paradise" to the traveller accus- tomed to Russian villages. Seeing on the map between the Sea of Azof and the Caspian the name of Shotlandskaya Kolonia (Scotch Colony), he went to this place to find out why it was so called. No one could tell him, but he was directed to an old Circassian, and upon explaining in Russian that he was a Scotchman himself and hoping to find fellow-countrymen, the old man replied in broad Scotch, '"Od man, I'm a Scotch- man tae." It turned out, however, that he was only a "Circassian Scotchman"— a native of the Caucasus, who had been purchased as a child by some Scotch mis- sionaries patronised by Alexander I., but banished by his successor. From these the place seemed to have taken its name. The doctrines of the Molokani, a sect of Russian Bible Christians, who have been cruelly persecuted, the author thinks "have a strong resemblance to Pres- byterianism." He was delighted with these simple people, who have made out their own creed. They are quiet, decent, sober, and devout. Some of them can repeat nearly the whole of the New Testament, and they carry their religion into their lives. The ordinary Russian peasants, on the other hand, are merely superstitious— devout as far as rites and ceremonies go, but having little idea of religion as a moral force, and in some places the priests are utterly de- graded. They "spend their time in the gin-shop . . . fight with the cross in their hands, and abuse each other in bad language at the altar." One of the most, instructive parts of the book relates to the self-government of the people carried on by village Parliaments or Communes which are absolute in authority. They have the entire management of the land, and are answerable to the Government for the yearly payments which will eventually render them its proprietors. They regulate the sums due from each family according to its share, and the periodical redistributions of the land also. Mr. Wallace fears that these will become more and more difficult under the new regime. It is curious to find the dream of modern democrats realized in such a country as Russia, and it would be well for theorists to go there and study it in practice. Co-operation is also carried on to a great extent, bands of workmen, called Artels, undertaking con- tracts and dividing the profits of their work. Some of these possess a conside- rable amount of capital. They work ex- tremely well, mutual responsibility creat- ing mutual supervision, and dishonest prac- tices among them being almost unknown. "Picturesque Holland" is the title of a new and pleasant book by M. Henrl Havard, author of "The Dead Cities of the Zuyder Zee," and has been very well translated. It describes a journey thorough the provinces of Friesland, Groningen, Drenthe, Overyssel, Gueldors, and Lim- bourg. M. Havard, accompanied by the good-humoured Baron de Constant Re- becque, started from Harlingen, in Fries- land, for the little town of Sneek, and gives a delightful account of his canal voyage through the "Paradise of Cows," as that part of tho country has been called, and never, he says, was name better bestowed. Silently grazing with sleepy eyes, buried up to their middla in rich herbage, theso creatures enjoy perfect happiness. It ia tha paradise of peiwanta also, for cdf j *~ 