MR. DAMPIER AT THE THEATRE ROYAL. A new season was commenced at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening, when Mr. Dampier made his first appearance before an Adelaide audience in ' Hamlet.' Notwithstanding the threatening state of the weather, there was a large attendance, nearly every part of the house being well filled, while the gallery was crowded almost to the extreme limit of itB capacity. His Excellency the Officer Administering the Govern ment was present during the whole of the per formance, and on bis arrival the National Anthem was played. Mr. DampierY reputation as a careful aud artistic actor has preceded him, and we can only say that, judging from the display of his histrionic powers on Saturday evening, the praise which has been accorded to him by the critics of the press and the public in the other colonies, has, on the whole, been well deserved. Mr. Dampier undoubtedly possesses many of those natural and acquired advantages which are necessary to exalt an actor to any high rank in bis profession. He has a graceful presence, his figure being of about the middle stature; an expressive face, a peculiarly sympathetic voice, which, in its ordinary tones, has a certain delicacy that is indescribably pleasing; a refined manner; aud, above all, a cultivated intelli gence manifesting itself throughout all his acting, and which impresses the audience with the feeling that he has studiously sought to discover the meaning of the character he interprets. All these are important elements of success, and we venture to anticipate for Mr. Dampier a highly prosperous season in Adelaide. It was, perhaps, well that Mr. Dampier chose for his debut the play of ' Hamlet,' that most wonderful production of the mind, which ' was not of an age but for all time.' In the character of the melancholy Prince there is scope for the exhibition of the actor's truest art. No common insight, no ordinary- ability, are required of a man who is ambitions to ravel out the meaning, and present it as the author needs it to be pre sented, of so subtle a character as Hamlet, Prince 'of Denmark. And to give due effect to the eloquent words of that great genius, who has for centuries been the particular pride of England, it is not sufficient merely that au actor should understand the language ^ it is imperative that he must have some grain of poetry in his composition, else he will be unable to impregnate his impersonations with that sympathy which alone will cause it to tell. He must fully realise the beauty and the meaning of tbe text, and make it understood by voice, manner, and gesture, or those wondrous speeches and soliloquies, which Shakspeare has filled with such tender pathos and fine imagination, will largely lose their significance, and fall on the ordinary ear a mere chaos of ' words, words, words.' It is because of the difficulties with which a tragedian has to contend in making, Hamlet presentable that to represent the Prince of Denmark properly has ever been the ambition of great actors. Mr. Dampier has evidently, studied the drama with care. His. Hamlet is by no means the finest that has been, presented on' our stage, but it bears in itself evidences not merely of natural insight and power, but also of that/spirit of poetic apprecia tiveness, ana f hat refined cultured taste which must be possessed by one 'who .would fully; understand the complex character' of the Prince | of Denmark, and, understanding it, interpret It with due and proper effect. It iBtrue that Mr. Dampier's general conception of -Hamlet differs very little from the one which is familiar to all playgoers. The opinion of Goethe that in this play 'Shakespeare's intention was to exhibit the effects of a great action imposed on a mind too feeble for its accomplishment* u the Mew f ormed hisTmpemjnation toit. 'Hi*9$mle4riB '^iq ponrtrayalof a man who-whilenatarallygpllntle with a mission beyond the capacities of hi« nature to perform. A Melancholy caused by tbe death of hjs father, and the marriage of his mother and uncle with such indecent baste, has already reduced him to a State of weakness, when the tidiBgs from the other world iaflict a blow still harder to bear, an* set bhn' a task from which his moral nature recoils. BiV heart is crushed, and even his intellect .affected, T&en; begin bis doubts, his sorrowful commun ing! with himself, bis shifts aha' turns, h1» utter loathing of tie world, his affected raao ness, his ill-treatme&t; of Ophelia, ols abhor rence of the King, till after receiving another visitation from the spirit of bis dead father to-' whet Bis almost blunted' purpose, tho-act of vengeance he has so long; planned is effected by an incident, which, as 'Br. Johnson remarks, Hamlet £»d no part in producing. In so far a» regards tire particulars above 'given Mr. Dampier's 'impersonation ir not strikingly ori ginal. It is rather in the gradual development of the character, and the consistency which lit gives to the whole creation,, tfcat he excels so much. Perhaps, however, the- chief merit of his interpretation of Hamlet's nature lies inn the fact that he does not lift tbe man too far above the ordhnry level. Mr. Dampier makes Hamlet above all other thmgB- intensely haman. By this stroke of true art be arouses something better than a forced artificial interest ; he secures a warm genuine sympathy. There is no ' bluster* ing heroism' abaut Mr. Dampier's Hfamlet, but rather the manaer of a refined, meiaacho'y gentleman, whos» fits of passion came-seldonr, but when they did come were violent. His torn1, too, was almost monotonous in its sadaese. It may lie that the ? sameness in the enuneiatioa which marked Mr.' Dampier's acting as Hamlet in his pensive, quiet; contemplative moods was a fault, especially when coupled wit!* such rapid transitions to'- passionate outbreak* as he occasionally made. There certainly seemed to us scope for a little- more variety of tone in many of his speeches. It struck us also that iu the interview with Ophelia there was a rudeness of manner even greater than the text warrants. We may remark that, although Mr. Dampier ordinarily speaks the- language of Shakspeare with good taste and expressiveness and in trodbces seme changes in the- text which, for dramatic effect, are'certainly improvements, he has some faults of ityle, and commits some breaches of the text that stand out in unpleasing contrast. . It appears to us that so long as the text of Shafcs peare is intelligible' without alteration, it is almost sacrilege to change it. Mr. Dampier's per formance altogether, is spite of minor defects, is one of considerable merit He was rewarded onSaturday eveniDgbyplanditsfrom all parts of the house, and was called before the curtain after every act; The other characters of the play were assumed by member! of the Star Dramatic Company, but the cast was not very strong Miss Young was natural and most pathetic as the fair Ophelia, especially iu the mad scene, and deservedly re ceived the honor of a call. Miss Melville was by no means equal, to the part of the Queen. Neverthless, she succeeded in giving a subdued but fairly correot rendering of the character. A s tbe King Mr. West was quite at home, haying often previously undertaken the same role, and he played with skill and effect. Mr. Douglas made a passable Laertes, acting with great spirit in many scenes. Mr. Brown Was somewhat tame as Horatio;. Mr. Joyce made up well as Polonius, but rather overdid the part. Mr. South was grimly humorous as the First Gravadigger, and also enacted the little part of Bernardo. Last but not least, Mr. Rain ford was impressive as the Ghost. Miss Oliver as Osric, Mr. Elliott as Rosencrantz and the Second Actor, Mr. Carey as Guilderstern and the Second Gravedigger, Mr. Hasker as Mar cellus, Mr. J. J. Welsh as the First Actor and the Priest, and Mr. T. Reading as Francisco completed the cast. Some excellent scenery was put on tbe stage. 