COUNTRY NEWS. NORTHAM. (From a correspondent For the last few days the weather has been very much cooler and more comfortable, and, towards evening, there have been indications of a change, and, although a few light showers would undoubtedly, be very acceptable in cooling the atmosphere and the burning sand, and in laying the dust, still any very great quantity would do harm at present to bush feed, and badly as we are off for water, would do, generally, more harm than good. The near-at hand match between Everett and Lukin continues to be, every now and then, the subject of remark, and nothing will go down, but that the "coach-horse" hasn't the ghost of a chance." But the fact or disadvantage of Chorister being a carriage horse is neither here nor there, and if the course is, as represented by your Newcastle correspondent, a very heavy one, so much the better for the coach-horse in a race of two miles. By the bye, your aforesaid correspondent must be somewhat of a wag', and is rather facetious, when he talks about the race starting at half- past two and being over about sundown. As far as Chorister's being a carriage horse goes, it is no criterion whatever of his merits or capabilities. It is well known that " Crucifix, perhaps the very best racing and stud mare that England ever had, and who herself and her produce won many thousands in stakes alone for Lord George Bentinck was bought by his Lordship while she was at work in a plough team in Yorkshire. And again " Lowlander" who is, at present, supposed to be the very best horse in England at a certain distance, and belongs to the Marquis of Huntly, was | bought out of a cart team, and so also was " Yarra Yarra," one of whose sons, Kangaroo was bought by the Marquis of Hastings for £12,000, after winning the two year old biennial at Newmarket, his lordship thinking the horse's chance of winning the Derby, a very rosy one. It is whispered that the Northam Races are likely to fall through, or not come off, for want of funds. This is sad news, and, it is to be hoped, will only prove an untrue rumour. Mr. Leeder, of the Avon Bridge Hotel, has one or two, in training, and, as regards one of them, he appears to be quite capable of shewing his heels to all that may oppose him in any race. February 10. 