THE STORY-TELLER. REMARKABLE CRIMES AND TRIALS IN VICTORIA. BY GROSVENOR BUNSTER. No. II.— THE MURDER OF MR. PRICE, CHAPTER III. A FLOGGING AND A FUNERAL. (Continued.) Dr. Carroll shook his head. " Bad, sir — bad. She's too quiet ; she takes her trouble too easy. Them people, sir, who don't cry but suffer most." "Just as our friend here," said Mr. Price, jerking his thumb towards B No. 46 — " just as our friend may be supposed to Suffer." "Precisely," answered the little doctor. " He's the sort of fellow to give up the ghost sather than save his bacon by a good healthful yell." "I'll make him yell yet," said the super intendent 'confidently. "I've seen a lot of fel lows like this, but they all caved in, in the long inn. But about this poor woman— what can I do for her ?" "Leave her alone," was the answer. "She has served' an apprenticeship to grief, she said to me this morning, and was used to it. Faith, I pity her, too. When are you going to bury him ?" and he jerked his thumb towards the hospital . " To-morrow, " was the answer. " It's deuced awkward, though. You see the poor devil was never officially set free. He died a convict — slipped away before I had time to go through the necessary forms for his emancipation." "Well, but he's dead now." "Tliat may be, that may be," cried the other impatiently, " but still his body belongs to Her Majesty's Government." Dr. Carroll shrugged his shoulders in his cus tomary fashion. . " Faith ! I wish Her Majesty's Government good of their possession. There isn't as much tat on the poor devil's ribs as'd grease a fish hook." " Tut !" cried the other ; " you won't see the fix I'm in. This man died a convict. Now, I don't want to wound the feelings of his widow, hut I don't see my way clear to burying her dead husband as a free man." V: " Don't ye ?" said Carroll. " Then, faith ! Ill tell yej Mr. Superintendent, that you're more nice than wise. It would be a murthering shame to add to Mrs. Horsham's sorrow by any such insult as ye suggest. Didn't ye tell me that the warrantrof pardon was signed all regular ?" and Dr. Carroll, who was as warm-hearted a little Irish gentleman as ever drank whiskey punch, flushed with indignation. Mr. Price smiled. , ' . "You'd never do for a responsible officer, Carroll, "said he. "But I think you're fight. At anyrate,.it is within my powers of discretion ; and so 111 just step over to the captain, and propose that we accord this poor devil a gentle man's funeral." " To be sure," cried the doctor. " Though," he muttered, as he walked away, " what the devil does it , matter afther one is no longer a partner in tfie world ? But I'm glad, for the . widdy's sake. Faith! she's a mighty purty- looking -crayfure, so she is : and I'll iiist go in ftod see-how Jhers. He passed through the hospital wards to an inner room, f in which, by direction of the Berintendent, - poor Horsham's corpse, had U lain ; and here he found her seated by the y, looking quietly upon its worn yet peace- fulface. He, thoughts were then, however, 1 far away — back to the time when the msm who lay thus before her has wooed her so gallantly. She could hear bis , loud -hearty > laugh once more ; and ipher memory, , keen. now- to repro- duoe the mot trifling events of that happy time, nailed up every loving trait and action- — hi« very ' faults now seeming .wirtues, purified- and,-to her, almost dmictified by fuje bitter 'injustice; to which he had jbeeh sjj&ctpd;,, and which she knew he had boiie manfully and with resigna? tion. She lhfred hix' ettef then, in knowing this, than when h'e liad stbftcl .beside bef. yeafs- ago in all his bo&dtful; pnae und happiness her loving and vR-loy,hdL.1 Shciloyed hiih better then,"knbwin thp icrppl jvyxong: ;which had been d'ohe to him, than when she had placed her first-born babe , into ( his amis, aadr saw him kissahid blessi itj. fheloy hm better ' then — -Oh ! Gh)d he thahke'd- fory;it— th/ui. When-- ihe had se6n him 'fof tH'elast, tame, ehe. jfearpd, ere Vcvic' banished and Aisgrace A Akdai 'thes ekhpughts came surging up/ HKef Ipuiit" their vent . in tender tears" vtlfich fell fast down her cheeks, and dropped npon the face ol him whose memory they hallbwed. The little doctor, entering noiselessly into the room, marked this, and stepped back- Then r he rubbed his hands with evident satisfaction., -0. "She'll do now, "he muttered. And he was right. ' Presently returning to the room, she received hiin with a smile, and thanked him warmly for his kindness. . And then she asked him as to the burial, when he auUred her that he would see to that matter. " He will not be buried, doctor," she askec . timidly, laying a hand upon his arm, "among — that is, in the— " " I know, I know whi&t; ye mean," answerec . the little gentleman ; " that's been all settled. Poor fellow, poor fellow"— and he turned away, honestly moved. Here th8 superintendent joined them, anc kindly and courteously entreated Mrs. Horsham . to leave all matters in their hands ; that he hacl ananged for the funeral, and. had selected a ot overlooking the bfoad ocean, and situated in a pretty little valley of the island, |or the 4md man's grAve. r And then he succeeded in loading hbr away. So tite next day poor Horsham's remains wore carried by four honest gentlemen of j the ngjmeat, who sought by this Attention to WMOlh the widow, grfet, aUawed by «U the ES-m. . "tioned on the . island. , J&. d ; Miestii theltathery shades of i law cotton theyset hiih to rest, who 1 had auffered ? wrcug and injusfcioe aS made this last rest a fitting end to a sad history. . Horshaffi. took passage in the " Lady Franklin" f0 r Hobart Town. The fame Vessel ' earned with her several freed prisoners, and others destined to a change fromNNorfolk faland to Van Pieman's Land — or, as they put it, from Hell to Heaven. Among the men released, and taken aboard the brig, was 'Michael Pheeney. This man, having procured some rum, had got riotously drunk,1 and had to be strapped hand and foot, and carried aboard, uttering, as they hurled him into the boat, such blasphemous curses and such bloody threats that the Wry men of whom he was the fellow closed their -ears in horror. Mr. Price, who had gone on board to bid farewell to Mrs. Horsham, nodded complacently as the sailors thrast Mr. Pheeney into the hold of the brig. " Keep him there, captain," said he to the master. "If you don't keep an eye on Him he'll prove troublesome. I'd bet a trifle on that fellow's future," he muttered, as he passed below, and bade the widow farewell "I'll see that your wishes are carried out, Mrs. Horsham," he said, "and the grave shall be properly tended. Good-bye, and God bless you. I am cleeply sorry for you." And so he was ; for John Price was not a without heart, as some have deemed Him. But his feelings were rarely aroused into display ; and» as it often happens with men of his temper, his sternness was regarded as the index, not only of an inflexible will, but of a cruelty of disposition, which was fed by tyranny, and de lighted in it. . As he watched the brig slowly passing away, Dr. Hall came up. " I was wondering, Hall, " said he, " whether, among these fellows we have caged here, there is anyone whose history might be likened to that of that poor devil we buried the other day." Not a doubt of it, " was the answer. " Many an innocent man languishes, here." Price turned abruptly, and looked hard at the speaker. " Do you believe that, doctor ?" "From my soul." " Well, it never occurred to me before," said Mr. Price j " and if any idea should ever suggest itself to you as to how one may glean the lambs from the wolves, I shall be glad to hear it. Come up and drink good fortune to poor Mrs. Horsham." Chapter IV. — Johh Thereker— No. 84. The manner by which poor Edward Horsham's innocence had been shown was an illustration of the old adage — murder will out. TTia be trayer had laid his plans so cunningly, and had thought that he was so secure against all detec tion (so that ha were true to himself) that he never dreamed of any possibility of exposure. And yet it came, at last, through the proper course of his own vices. Thereker, outwardly regular and temperate in his manner of living, was in reality a man of gross passions and licentious character. He was one of those, however, who so conduct the in dulgence of their vices that the world sees nothingof the folly, dreams nothing of theshame. There are thousands of such men, who sit in judgment on the frailties of their fellow- creatures, and who, notably, are always the harshest of judges. But our pleasant vices, as a great master has told us, are, for the most part, whips of scor pions. Those who depart from the simple course of virtue never fail to rue it in some form or another ; and although John Thereker was too prudent a man to imperil his reputation by public debauchee, 'any more than his health by excess, and although the abstraction men caU " conscience" troubled him but little, there was still a skeleton in his cupboard which was a constant source of dread and annoyance to him. Soon after Lucy Harrington's rejection of his suit, he had formed a connection with a woman seme years older than himself— -a very beautiful and attractive woman, of as strong will and resolute character as Thereker himself. At first he was really fascinated by this woman, and for a time yielded her all the devotion of which a man of his nature was capable. ,But he speedily discovered. that if he had proposed to use her as the plaything of an hour, He had greatly miscalculated his position. Against his wiU,' he-found that the rapidly acquired a Con trol and influence over him which he had never deemed - himself capable of ! yielding to man or woman, and he chafed against this,' as a proud man, will1 when .a I stronger ' will ids own makes him, bend before it. 1 . It was not, long' ere all feelings of affection on either- side disappeared, and in their place cajme contempt :4ndl disgust. Mrs. ''Veite had been, some time established as Mr. Theteker's house- ' keeper whek the transaction between Horsham . ,apd Thereken look place, of which J 1 /Have spoken fat a previous chapter y smd irom that time she seemed £e> increase and intensify 'Her1 ,Hpld upgn her former ibVeri That fie poV Jeered her jisu, heartily 'As-Whated Her,v 'tHere eould-be uoAoubt ; aiWit Her "faahner twr&t; ? him .was" jn mo /wite changed iiok was there aught aye thejisual negative deffiuice showpm' the attitude sheiassumed ifrhis household, 'I : Some w|> yeark after the transportation of poor Edward Horshata, Thereker, being in the North of England, where he owned a small shooting-box, met a ybung lady with whom he fell in love. As I have hinted, he was of frank and attractive manners, well informed, and pos sessed of that knowledge of the world which - gives its owner the veneer of truth and candour and the froth of sentiment— undistinguishable from the genuine articles by the simple and un- sophisticated. It was little wonder, therefore, that, although much older than MisB Hartford! he rapidly succeeded in gaining her affections, fche was an orphan, ward of a country gentle- man, m whose house she resided, and who, satisfying himself as to Thereker's means and position in society, troubled himself no more, but, glad to relieve himself of a responsibility which was ill suited to his easy indolent nature, gave his hearty consent to their marriage It was now that Thereker became convinced of the necessity of severing bis connection with Mrs. Vere. Their relations, it is true, had long \- Since ceased to be of the character wh ch would S,fee of moral justice; and so that he world did not wag its tongue njg fee form eet of relSi! there raighttbe no need to dispense with the services of so excellent a houselti««„. . r Vere. But, in truth, TherS wfL on te e«k n wife, « «g«d l» Ss4Tsyg, Hartford. He had come to fear this woman, and to hate her with an almost muideroite liate. He lelkassured— tiiquei po word upon the sub- mofe had passed between them-4hat she held the secret in her hands, with which she might, at any time, destroy .him. Brooding over thin many a time had come the griin temptation to siienceherfor ever— a temptation only held in check by the exercise of that prudence and com mon sense which underlaid all the wicked im pulses of his nature. He Kttle counted, how- uP_1i the shrewdness of this womani who, silent and composed, watched him> nevertheless, without rest or lulled suspicion. This habit of observation had rendered her so acute in her judgment of the motives and the meanings of his moods and manners that she rarely failed to gather Some cleat inkling of his thoughts and resolutions. His suavity and courtesy never deceived her, but rather bade her guard her self the more against his . falsehood mid his treachery. . She was not long, then, in, arriving at spme just perception of the truth when Thereker, returning from his visit to the North, greeted her with some faint likeness to tenderness of manner-— she knew at once that he meditated some deceit. And by.and-bye, by hints dropped now and then in easual conversation, and at last by some direct remarks upon the matter, she learned his purpose. . She was too clever a woman to shirk an ex planation, and, demanding it, he told her of his intended marriage. Personally, she cared little about this ; but when, in answer to her inquiry as to what he proposed to settle upon her, he blustered forth that she had no claim upon Hiiri5 and lashing himself into a rage — as men will who fear their antagonists — swore that she had been his curse, and that he hated Her, she held her peaGe ; but John Thereker read, in her quiet smile and glittering eyes, that she was moved to deadly anger. Then came again the vague dread which had haunted him from that time when he had sworn poor Horsham's liberty away. Then came again the vague dread — so koeii, however, that it seemed a certainty — that this woman knew how falsely he had sworn, and held the proofs within her hands by which the world might know it. And yet, as I have said, he felt that this was so from no evidence of word or manner on this woman's part, but by the evidence of his own guilty fears — those sure prophets of the coming truth which are the hell of those who deal in crime. To his wild and unreasonable passion and re proaches Mrs. Vere made no reply ; but, as though accepting the position, at once made preparations for her departure. Thereker marked this with sullen suspicion. He could not rid himself of the fear that this woman meant him ill, and, while he longed for her de parture, yet dreaded it. "Come, Elise," said he, one morning when she announced that she was about .to leave his employment—" come, do not let us part ill friends. I was a brute to talk to you as I did the other day. Come now, you must let me know your plans. I will do all I can to for ward your prospects, and here — here is a cheque for three hundred pounds. You may draw upon me for a hundred a year. Why," he went on, with sickly jocularity, " with this to start you in the world, a clever woman like you cannot fail to achieve success. You may marry " but here he paused, for, as he spoke, a gleam of hate passed across the woman's face. 'Twas but a momentary expression, but John Thereker ob- served and long remembered it. "You are very generous, John Thereker," said Mrs. Vere. " I hope I am a reasonable woman.. Some fools, I know, would make a fuss over- this matter. But as you say you are going to marry, it is right that you and I should part. Thank you for this money ; but as you have been so far liberal, perhaps you would do me a further favour." " Anything, Elise," he cried, much relieved by her quiet reception of his offer. " You know that " , " Stay," she interrupted ; " you owe me £100 a year. Would you mind— it cannot incon venience yon — would you mind paying me the first yeai 's allowance in advance. I propose to go abroad " " My dear Elise," cried Thereker, overjoyed that he had so readily accomplished his wishes, " don't name it; Here is a cheque for £150. There. And don't fail in any need to apply to me — in reasob, of course." " Of course," she answered. " And now I'll make my final arrangements. It will not be inconvenient if I leave, to-morrow; ?" "By no means, Elise," He answered eagerly— " that is," he weht on, in a tone of. simulated regret, " that is, if you wish to leave soopn. You ' ivont fail to let hie Have . your address, Elise, and— —' ( -f?' " I don't tfririk" yon : , will need it, " she an swered quietly. ( "J leave, then, torjnorrow." V, " Of course rljsHsVseeiyou before -you -go?" jie asked. , \ . .. t._ > . - " Qf course"— and then sHe left the room. ' ' . John, Thereker . 'gAyp; a , great sigh of = relief,1 .'adTjbedlhwihjid., ; , Thank jHvsn 1" v Hes muttered " Wh dould have feuppied that shewould take W so easy ? WeiUi thk should beJa? iessflh to 3 yl&A;,1 : John Thereker ; which shonld klip's yqk otft1 of1 . similar scrapes" aptd theiiliesat aowm to thihkt pf his future, .and jwcave a huiidred-scheirL€& for this future happipess— as happinesSby such men is interpretejl. :': "; Could he Have; guessed the nature of Mrs. Vere's thoughts, his own would hardly have been tinged with the roseate lines of voluptuous promise. This woman, repairing to her room, locked the door, and looking into a mirror, smiled to see the dark threat of vengeance which was reflected in her face. Presently she opened a dressing case, pressed a spring and drew forth a secret slide. From this she drew a strip of blotting paper, and the butt of a cheque, and carefully inspected them. Again, with a smile of dark significance, she replaced these ; then, with the feverish energy of one who has set him self a task he longs to accomplish, and which in its fulfilment, is to bring him the profit or re sult he most yearns for, she set about packing up her wardrobe for removal. That night she left the house. As she stepped into the cab which awaited her, she looked hard at the win dows of John Thereker's apartments. But whether he was in ignorance of her departure then, or purposely avoided her, he gave no sign of farewell At this she smiled again— the smile which promised so much, coming triumph. John Thereker's wooing sped apace. He brought the lady with her guardian to view the house he destined for his future residence, and Which he haj caused to be furnished with great teste and at great cost. k He was profuse of hm presents, and delighted his betrothed's eym» with rof diamenda suchM . . 1 i - --i » 4 tp j ; v-- - v hv. broad window. y %y stood together .far this crust 4 madebittoWbf theproverbalpie. Horsham pus, shabb , and jet wi& eech » : pioted in her fade. S £ 5 trembled, stricken witt, 45 baok and The guilty find terrors tTe rtl wrnd or. the nibbling of a mouse - cotting ; and John Thereker, in the brief amS" he .caught of Xf cy Hdrsham's'fdiwl8? spiration of dread. ' w m" AU that night, amidst bright lights, and with the soundof music and of rippling WW with the shy, happy whispers of the girl fehad wooed in his ear, there sat beside him the spectre of his crime. It went with him to his slumbers, and in the misty fantasies of dreams rung in 'his ears -the clank of felons' fetters and the moans of felons' despair, until at last he awoke, sweating with the agonies of conscience, so unhinged and nervous that he had to seek a strength and firmness in the brandy-bottle ere he could meet His friends and mistress in the breakfast-room. He endeavoured, with some success, to cast ott these nervous fancies, and had once more become the gay and brilliant talker men knew him lo be, when a servant announced that a person desired to see him. The person in ques tion didnot wait for an answer, but pushed by the servant, and entered the room. Walking up to John Thereker, he laid his hand npon that gentleman's shoulder,' and whispered a few words in his ear. /Tew as they were, however, they seemed to carry with them some dire im port, for John Thereker, with a smothered groan, fell back in his chair, and turned so ghastly white that they who looked upon him cried out, and feared that he was dying. But with a strong effort he aroused himself, and, arising, apologised for his discomposure. Some unpleasant news, he said, had just been imparted to him, which, absurd as it was, had had the effect of moving him to this faintness. He begged his guests to pardon his absence, and await his, return. Those who watched the per son who had brought this unpleasant news t© their host, and who was a person of grim and stolid appearance, noted that the faint shadow of a smile passed across his face, as John Thereker spoke thus confidently. They passed out together ; nor would Mr. Thereker's companion permit that gentleman to visit his chamber ere departing from the house. And. when they had entered a cab which was in waiting, and in which another gentleman of grim, and stolid aspect sat, it Wks with a quiet deter mination that John Thereker felt .to be resis't- less that the detectives (for such they were) handcuffed him. " Sorry to do it, Mr. Thereker ; but have got instructions." I don't understand. What am I charged with ? This is monstrous !" " Aye, aye, I daresay, sir," said ©ne of the men, "but you'll know all about it directly. Here we are, sir. Please to come along into the justices' room. There we are quite private and select — not a soul to see us. Stay there, sir" and the man pointed to a chair in a corner of the apartment into which he had introduced his prisoner. (- Now, for the first time, did John Thereker realise the full danger of his position and, with the rapid accuracy of reflection of which his keen mini was capable, gathered that his crime against Edward Horsham had recoiled upon him. Still,- although a hundred anxious sus picions beset him, it was not until he was taken into the magistrates' presence, and there beheld Mrs. Vere in eager conversation with Lucy Horsham, that the full certainty of his fate fell upon him. And now, as though he realised the futility of defence, he fell into a sullen mood of resignation. The evidence tendered against him was clear and concise. Mrs. Vere openly stated that she had happened to overhear , the conversation between John Thereker and Horsham, when the latter called to get the loan offered to him ; that she had seen the cheque written, and heard the words of gratitude with which the poor clerk Had thanked his traitor friend ; and that after wards, -when she heard of the latter's treaoherv, she had out.the butt of the cheque from the. book, and had also succeeded in securing the blotting pad upon which the ink with which the order had been written, had been dried.' In answer to an inquiiy, she owned that she had held this evidence in Hand until a motive had arisen for its use ; and that -this motive Had been created by John Thereker's usage of her, and that it was- reVenga "As she said this she looked straight s at thetnan she sought - to ruin, ' with '"eyed that" blazed with i all the hate and triumph which nowr ruled' htr. - t n - "r John Thereker wast thereupon committed for trial, 'heavy bail,- Hoivevr, being allowed. In 'an Hpur's time he was at liberty,, and had re- joined ' his friends. But ill news flies apace, Ahd hp found that- tHd stoty ofshis disace Had him. . . -With the prompt eniergy pf/liis tSlracter,' hfe took immediate atejte to niake h£s ;'c8>W;vandj witHthWviewy lauded to Scom'the aragaaiiBt him ; appeared among his friends I a sinilihglaca and gay/ mbfaer,: and plainly' J fritimated tnat the malice of a disappointed aiid ! ' vengefiii yoini jay at the Holtoia of tHeackUSf- sation which! had been made against him,. But, somehow, hte found , that his friends : received these explanations but coldly-ra fact he noted with a heart, filled with anger and bitterness. As for his fiancee, her guardian withdrew with her to his estate; in a brief interview with John Thereker, explaining that he must clear himself of the charge preferred against him, ere any further intercourse could take place be tween them. Thus on all sides the wretched man found himself suspected, watched, and distrusted. In the mood which then animated Him, some men would have committed suicide. But John Thereker, physically brave, was morally a coward. He dreaded the leap in the dark, and, moreover, dearly loved life and its enjoyments. He resolved, to fly the country. But the woman who Had been the means of his disgrace knew him too well to leave him un- watched. Thereker, hastily gathering together what moneys and valuables he could lay handa upon, fled to Liverpool the night following fcthe charge against him. His intention was to cross to America ; but the sleuth hounds of the law were on his track, and, ere he couldescape, "had ran him down. Brought back to Bristol, it was reasonably judged that this endeavour to evade ms trial, and this indiff ere nee to is- rests of his sureties, were strong proofs or his guilt. Society judged so; the\ fawtras equally ready to accept suchjtitetimoay ' find l v. ijjp?' transportation beyond ihe seas for - tweutyne years, and although strenuous 51' ; efforts were made by infl'aentiai friends to oW tain some mitigation of this terrible pnHWy ment, they were vain. ,7ohn Thereker, m eom- 1 / pany_with two hundred amd tVrenty other felons, sailed from Plymouth in the " Rattler" in the year 1845. . the convicts were bei'ag carried on board in boats from the pier, it was noticed that a wherry containing a wo man- thickly -veiled hovered around. Presently tbis woman uttered an exclamation and, raisin g her veil, ordered the waterman to pull up at t close as he could to a barge whiclo, filled witl i convicts, had just pushed off. He did so ; and the woman, her filled with an exp ression of feroeious triumph., revealed to John Thereker the eatures of Mrs. Vere. A s their eyes met, she nmed, and mockingly kii ;sed hei hand. Then, '/w-etchei 1 man vowed to live fnw + foroQ pUrp0a ,e 0f revenge — to wait ® ji?fy it ; tc i hold its promise as a P«»rhaTM»10n fiurs « >1 bondage and misery. sMid of thii 3 resolve was in his eyes . J, , , ace as he gaze d sternly on the woman ,ugllt hi£ni as low, and made her i , ' an a row away. And presently, when she f sbore ;and er lodgings/she fell po ier knees, and hurst into a passion of wars, and beat her brea st, and called upon the roan she had ruined. F'or, strange mystery of wonians nature, she lo\red him even now as mu'ch, and as dearly, as she had hated him so wtjII as to bring about hiss ruin. Eight months have con le and gone. It is a warm day of February. The broad ocean lies v f- 8ee 13SS> and glints in the sun like polished steeL The air i s silent and motionless. No sound save the dull clang of convicts' tetters, or the hoarse shouts of guards and war ders, or the challenge of s-entries, disturbs the serenity of the hour. It is a mockery of nature— so sweet, and balmy, and composed, she rests upon the convict isla nd. . -h- man stanc'ls over against a palm-tree grow ing at the heaei of a pretty valley which empties on to the beach. He is a convict, fettered heavily. His gaze is fixed upon a stone which m?j,rks a grave, and on whi ch is inscribed — SACSED TO THE MEMORY Of EDWARD IBORSHAM, Who was murdered by the falsehood Ofafrfrsnd. His face, as he reads these lines, gro Ws ghastly. Presently he turns away, with a groan, to find himself face to face with the com- mandant. That gentleman regards him sternly. = " That is your work," he said. " I know the story, No. 84, and shall not readily forget it. What are you doing here, sir, from your gang T Here, Simpson, take this man to the cells, and - come up to my office for orders." With this, h!tr. Price walked rapidly away, leaving No. S4 stupified by this sudden revela tion. The poor wretch fallowed the warder like a beaten hc»und. As he was passed on to the solitary ;cells, Mr. Gompton met hiiri and his guard I. Mr. Gompton smiled and wagged his head, " I knowed it," hi 3 said, with a chuckle. MI knowed you couldn't be long here, No. 84, afore you got into mis chiefs Aud here you are, n©t a week on this here lovel y hisland, afore you makes acquaintimce ivith the solitaries. What has he been n-ctoin' of , Sii npson ?" "Strayed, from the gang, Mr. Compton," answered the man. Hij s honour came across him up at the grave them, at the head of the ' gully. Mr. Gompton started. Then he clapped Hf« Iroud to his forehead. Th en he looked at No. 84. . " S"elp me Johnny Jing o," said he, " I sees it alb I oomprehends. this , start. Oh, oh — Mister No. 84, I wouldn't be in your skin for a trme." : With this, Mr. Oompta >n passed on, leaving No. 84 to draw wh at comj iort he might from his observations. This was not much ; and the poor wretch, being « thrust into a darkened c ell, threw himself upoi a. the stone floer, and with, a deep groan of agemy, called upon his God to strike him dead — to strike him dead. (T o BE commmxD.) 