THE RIVERINA TRADE. The Sydney Morning SeroM has been reviewing the progress of the Riverina trade, and calculating the chances of it3 future development. Taking as its key note the abrupt increase from £12,000 to £35,000 a year in the South Australian payment to the Customs revenue of New louth - Wales, it proceeds to justify thes dvance by figures and by arguments i rtiich, if not conclusive, must be admitted 0 carry considerable weight. Treating o£ he figures first, we find that in 1861 Victoria sent over the river into New south Wales goods valued at £143,180, ' -nd received in return, chiefly in thej ihape of wool and live stock, articles vorth £756,350. During the same period &e; corresponding totals for South Aus» araHa were £44,107 and £119,(547. Fiva i'ears later the Victorian trade had ex sanded into exports over the riven £412,983, and imports £1,163,327 ; while 'or this colony the figures were £123,135 * md £238,298. In 1871 the aggregates do lot show so large an increase in exports passing across the Border, the totala jeing only £491,791 for Victoria and S134,938 for South Australia ; but the 4 mports from Riverina exhibit an ;normous augmentation, the return jeing ' £3,027,714 for Victoria and £424,732 for this province. Finally, wa lave the statistics for 1875 — those for 1876 have not yet been issued— which ?ecord that Victoria in that year supplied Riverina with merchandise to the value -f £951,737, and received in exchange f mports amounting to £3,544,074 ; whilst T south Australia sent into the district 2259,544 worth of goods, and obtained n return £573,388 worth. Tims, between L861 and 1875, the value of the inward md outward Riverina trade from the two \ jolonies combined has increased from £187,287 and £875,997 respectively to £1,211,281 and £4,118,862, being in ;he one case an advance of more ;han sixfold and in the other of con- J dderably more than fourfold in the ^ fourteen years. These figures have foC New South Wales a marked significance when a comparison is made between \ them- and the general returns of th6 :ommerce of the colony; for whereas in * L861 the trade by way of the rivers onlj amounted to about 3 per cent, of the whole for imports and 6£ per cent, fon exports, it now represents in the one casS 10 and in the other no less than 44 pen cent. .' So much for the general proofs of advancement in the Riverine trade. Th& next point upon which our contemporary comments is the effect of the increase upon the New South Wales revenuo. The total amount realized by the Sydney I'reasury in 1875 in respect of goods crossing the Border was £102,911, of which £11,897 formed the contribution From this colony, bo that Victoria must . have paid £91,014. Assuming that the merchandise sent overland into New South Wales by the two colonies in 1875 tvas of like character, it is evident that ¥ South Australia gained an undue advan tage, seeing that the duties handed oven by Victoria amounted to 9^ per cent, of the, total value of goods crossing her Border,, whereas the payment by South Australia ? barely reached 4i per cent, of the valua A of the articles sent by her into Riverina.' 1 On this point we have the testimony of j the Herald that ' a careful examination! I of the principal articles imported from # both coloniea does not reveal any great preponderance in the proportion of( ',? dutiable goods from one over the other.' ? We are, unhappily, not in a position to i ? check this statement; but, seeing that % South Australian and Victorian merchants! have for the most part been supplying^ different constituencies in Riverina, itj may be taken for granted that the classes, of goods forwarded are much the same in * both cases. Of any tiling, we believe the proportion of articles liable to heavy duty contributed by Victoria is greater than, that contributed by South Australia, but the returns on tho subject do not , afford us the means of placing the mattes beyond question. The absence of the in*» formation is much to bs regretted, and \ seems to us to betoken an unfortunate ? oversight on the part of the Customs ! * authorities. Whether that oversight is I now being remedied we are not in a' position to say ; but- a? a means of self* j defence in negotiating future conventions j ? with New South Wales full particulars j 4 as to the goods sent up the river should | / be collected. ? ; * It will be seen that the Herald's calcu lations relate to 1875, when tho contribu* m tion of South Australia to the Customs- , revenue of her neighbour was only £11,845. Tlii3 year the amount is , £35,000, or more than three times that 1 figure, bo that the point taken by .tha Herald a3 to our paying less duty in. proportion than Victoria ha3 been, divested of weight. Taking it that the trade since 1875 has been increasing - in the r.rae ratio as during the foucj previous yeara, we shall be paying at ihaf rate of about 9 per cent, upon the tqtal]| value of the articles forwarded up the ; ' river. Apart from the quoation of com-' parison with tho payment by Victoria, this j appears to us a decidedly high figure, j * Many of the articles sent up are free o£ **??? duty, and in respect of many more tils'1 *\^-j Customs rate fall3 far Bhort of an ad« ' valorem charge of 9 per cent. Tha matter, however, is not one to be decided, by mere estimates and surmises, but asj far as posEJble by actual facts and figures, t and with these we are at present very] imperfectly provided. K Now SouthtP Wales can show that she is receiving: ?- dutiable goods up the Murray to ani j extent which justifies her in charging j £35,000, or even a larger sum, it will bd I greatly to the interest of South Aus:; \ tralia to pay the amount dowii, „ rather than bring into operation, a cumbrous, costly, and vexafciop/ ' system of Border Custom - HoubqiJ It is -well put by the Herald that for|k large part of Riverina Adelaide and:B||l^ * bourne mi t :.I.'^- !-r ve a great adv|£n« tage over ' vf'x-t.v, ? ' - that it will fee a common 1^-- to . . . .. iia to drag procl'uca . , to adistr/.ii: :v.J'.' vhen amuchneareE -4 one is eru-.i~Aj r.,- : -le unless closed by1 J artificial r^r 'ctio.. . ' The Tphole-trade V of;Riveri'J'-,'- ':it\: ;es our contemporary,1 \ f never r-]- --.ij r.s/er ought tocomo to. J\ Sydney : Inn c l^.j part of it muat do m as Boon as our railways approach the ?great pastoral centres, and for the rest we-* ' ^fihall i-e amply repaid for that portion ofj j 'the traffic which, passes through our own' j : territory on its way to Goolwa and Port, : Phillip. The trade of EiTerina is well; : ??worth' competing for, and that colony will 1 get the most of it which best knows how' 'to make the most of its natural advan-. ' tages and its circumstantial opportunities,' ; ?It is a recognition of this fact that im presses upon us the necessity of dealing liberally with 3Sew South 'Wales in our Customs engagements with her, 'but .tHere is, of- course, a limit to conces sion. That colony as well as ourselves : ^derives advantage from the convention, i 'inasmuch a3 it secures to her a revenue : 'Without the trouble, expense, and annoy- » ' ance of collecting it piecemeal. In ; '.another way, too, she derives benefit from i the connection with South Australia, ] 'seeing that hundreds of thousands of - pounds' worth of live stock and other j pToduce passes into South Australia from £ her territory without payment of a penny - \- of duty. It is therefore manifestly to her , Interest, as well as to that of this colony - ?that the Customs convention — type as it £ is of an amicable and mutually beneficial 3 ?understanding between the two colonio i -^-should be maintained. , ? ? - ; Eceqpbas InTELLiGEifCE. — The telegraphic ?- news from Europe does not contain much food ] for excitement. Snleiman Pasha — if 'we read 1 arljjht the telegram, which in the form it reaches * ns is hard to be understood — has arrived at 1 Karabunar,aplace midway between Phiilipopolis ( and Yeni-Saghra, the point to which, according ' to intelligence published some days ago, the ; \ Cossacks have penetrated. It would thus seem that he has determined to dispute the further : [ progress of the enemy towards Adrianople. The ' lortress of Silistria has again proved a hard nut ; for the Muscovites to crack, as they are said to ; ; have sustained a repulse under its walls. Lord \ Derby has been addressing the British. Ambas sador at St. Petersburg on the subject of the recently reported atrocities by the [Russians in | Bulgaria, and' expressing a fear that they ;? may end in reprisals on the part of ' the Turks. The new3 from London records ' a scene in the House of Commons. We are not given any information as to how the affair arose, but it has evidently been of a character altogether unusual in that august assembly. Almost as a matter of course the Home Rulers are at the bottom of it. They have been endeavouring with their usual wrong-headedness to obstruct public business ever since the beginning of the present session, and their conduct has at last driven the party of order in the House to the adoption of extreme measures. The member for Meath, Mr. Parnell, seems to have so grossly misconducted : himself as to have been ordered to leave the Chamber. On Friday the Govern ment were to bring forward a motion to effect Borne change in the rules of the House in order to secure the progress of public business in spite of the factiousness of the Home Rulers. As the latter form a very insignificant minority there is little doubt that the alterations required to keep them in check will be agreed to. Loss of teb Ketch Tashan. — 'We learn through the courtesy of Mr. T. N. Stephens, the Secretary of the Marine Board, that the fol lowing telegraphic news was received from Cap a Borda by the Marine Board on Friday afternoon, Inly 27 — 'Ketch Tasman parted her moorings at 8.30 last night, and went ashore in Snug Cove.? The Tasman was a ketch of 78 tons, in charge of T. 'Wendland, and she cleared for Kangaroo Island on Tuesday, July 17. He? owner was Mr. W. B. Neale, of Adelaide, and the agent Mr. G. E. Selth, who was informed that the vessel was fast breaking up and conse quently a total wreck. All hands reached the shore safely. She wa3 insured, but whether to her full value we have not heard. It appears that she had been recently chartered to convey timber from Kangaroo Island to Moonta for mining purposes, and wa3 about to make her first voyage under such contract when the acci dentoccurred. Snug Cove is situated on the north-west coast of Kangaroo Island, and is some few miles to the eastward of the Cap a Borda Lighthouse. Thb Horaps.— The hounds will throw off from Magill at half past 2 o'clock to- Klay. Amateur, Athletic Sports. — Entries for these sports will be received up to 8 o'clock this evening. SOTJTH AlTSTHAliAK TYPOGRAPHICAL SOCIETY. — ~A meeting of this Society will be held this evening at the Labour League Hall, Hindley streeti ? Jockey Clto Nomdiatioks.— It will be seen by our advertising columns that the Jockey Club call attention to the date at which they receive nominations for the Spring Handicaps and entries for other race3. Owners of horses should bear the 7th August in'mind, as on that day these handicaps close and entries are made for the St. Leger and Two-year-old Stakes of 1877-8 and Derby of 1878-9. Sooth Australian Jogsex Club.— The annual meeting of the South Australian Jockey Club ?will be held on Friday nest, August 3. In accordance with the rules the following gentle men have signified their willingness if elected to serve on the Committee of the Club :— Messrs. G. Bennett, W. St. L. Gordon, W. B. EounseveU, MJ?., C. H. T. Hart, F. W. Stokes, J. Laun celot Stirling, and W. K. Simms. Thb City of Hosaet.— This well-known inter colonial trader, which ha3 now run her last voyage- has been on the line between New Sooth Wales and Victoria for a number of years. She was an iron vessel of 6i5 tons gross burden, and *#as fitted with engiues or 100 horse- power. She was Lanarkshire built, and was turned out in 1653. Her owner was Mr. W. Summerbell, o Sydney. 'We believe she was insured, but do not know for what amount. Pbtkcb Alfred Collbqh. — A breakfast meet ing took place in the Lecture Hall of the Pirie street Wesleyan Church on Friday, July 27, to take means for raising funds to meet the offer of Mr. T. G. Waterhouse, who had promised to give two pounds for eveiy one pound raised in the colony during the current year towards the erection of the new wing of the Prince Alfred College. The Administrator o£ the Gorernment presided, and there was a very large and influential gathering. Many good speeches 1 -were made, and the sum of £1,539 was promised in the room. The Hon. J. Colton stated that he expected to collect another £l,0(X) outside, and thnsto raise a total sum of £7,500. The pro ceedings occupied four hours. Adelaide Chess Club. — An advertisement 4 elsewhere intimates that this Club meets re gularly every Tuesday evening at Grafe's Divan, near the General Post Office, all chess-playera being cordially welcomed. Laxtxch or a St2aheh.— His Excellency the Officer Administering the Government, the 'whole of the members of the Ministry, and other gentlemen occupying prominent positions in the public service .tritnessed the launch of a Government steamer at the Government Dock yard, Port Adelaide, on Friday afternoon, July 27\. The christening ceremony was gracefully performed Dy Mias Ross, daughter of the Hon. E. D. Eos9, the naine chosen for the craft being 'Lady Diana.3 Tlie steamer, whicli registers 101 tons, will serve various purposes, but she is chiefly intended as a substitute for the Fairy in the European mail service at Glenelg. An Old Colonist. — There is on view at the yard of Mr. E. H. Herring, Waymouth-street, a handsome marble headstone intended to be placed over the grave at Mount Torrens of a well-known old colonist who recently died. The inscription on the stone is :— " Sacred to the memory of George Dunn, one of the pioneers of this province and founder of this township of Mount Torrens, who died 19th June, 1S77, aged 74 years. "De mortuis nil nisi bonum." Thb La*sd Enx. — A mistake occurred in a para graph under this heading in Friday's issue. Mr. Hawker moved an amendment in the sur render clause with a view o£ limiting the time dciing which a surrender might be made to six months from the time of signing the agreement. Be' afterwards altered ' six',to **? twelice/5 and the amtndmeni in its altered form was carried by a majority 01 5. Theatre Boyai.— « Bwt Lynne' formed tbel )ill of fare at the Bbyal oa Friday night, when ;here was a moderate house to witness its repre sentation. The characters were represented as follows: — Lady Isabel and Madame Vine, Miss _ M. L. Young ; Barbara Hare, Miss Emmar Rogers ; Cornelia Carlyle, Miss Melville ; Joyce, Miss Docy Mainwaring ; 'Wilson, Miss Maggie Oliver; Willie Carlyle, Miss Tillie Francis;-, Archibald Carlyle, Mr. H. N. Douglas; Sir Francis Levisbn, Mr. James H. Riinf ord ; Lord iifount Severn, Mr. J. G. Joyce; Bichard Hare, Mr. C. Brown; Mr. Dill, Mr. J. Hasker. 'With fche exception of the three leading roles of hero, heroine, and villain, the cast was similar to that when the drama was 'formerly produced during fche Ward- Chaplin season. Last evening Miss Young gave a very creditable impersonation of ; bhe guilty wife, acting in a careful and ladylike ; manner, but not with any great amount of : impressment. Miss Young seems to be much more at home in genteel comedy, than in 3erious drama. , Mr Rainford's Sir Francis Levison was an easy and natural perfor mance, but the role did not fit him ;o well as the one which he has usually assumed —that of the generous and injured husband, ilr. Douglas threw a considerable amount of ani mation into his acting as Archibald Carlyle, and racceeded fairly in portraying the unsuspicious lonourable lawyer. Mfes Melville, as before, ireated unbounded merriment in displaying the ;ccentricities of his strong-minded sister ; and lie other performers appeared to considerable idvantage in the parts entrusted to them. This svening the moral temperance drama, 'Ten lights in a Barroom,' which was presented with nuch success about a year ago, will be repro luced. Advocates of the total abstinence prin :iple should rally in force, as the play is pecially written to support their cause. On lionday night the Majeronis open their short eason. White's Booms. — 'The Old Corporal' was igain placed on the boards at these Kooms last svening, Signor Majeroni taking the title role. iVe have previously referred to his wonderfully ealistic rendering of the character ; we need ;herefore only say that this representation was narked by all the excellencies, we have noted jefore. The first act was somewhat marred in jffectby the absence, of Mario Majeroni, who ;nacts the part of the child. We regret to learn ;hat thelittle performer has for some days past oeen seriously unwell, and last evening was not sufficiently, recovered to appear. ? The house was well filled, and it is scarcely necessary to ciy Dhat the audience emphatically expressed their approval of the efforts of the various artistes. EjiTertaikhent. — An entertainment in aid of fche Gumeracha Wesleyan Bazaar Fund was held in the local Institute Hall on Thursday even ing; July 26. There was a good attendance, and the Rev. J. Monfries presided. The programme included humorous readings by the Rev- Mr. Carterjand solos, duets, &c;, by amateur per formers. ' ; Concert at Pobt Adelaide. — Apart from the laudable object of increasirg the muchre quired funds of the Port Institute, the concert given in the Town Hall on Friday night, July 27, was well worthy of the cupital attendance present on the occasion. The entertainment was given by Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Biicke, assisted by an amateur company of their pupils, but whose names were not mentioned- The pro gramme, though a long one, was successfully carried out, so much so that but for Mr. Biicke's announcement that time would not permit of encores several pieces would have been re demanded. All of them were ably rendered, but Mr. Biicke's 'Simon the Cellarer' received a perfect ovation. Mr G. J. Farham's recita tion of Poe's piece, 'The Bells,' was also an acknowledged success, and Mr. J. A. Plint sang two ' comic songs which were very amusing. Altogether the concert in aid of the Port Ade laide Institute was a decided success in every respect. Fatal Accident. — It appears from a telegram received from Wilmington that a scuffle which took place between two men at the hotel in that township on Friday morning, July 27, has re sulted in the death of one of them. Whether they were larking or quarrelling is not stated, but whatever may have been the temper of their proceedings it would appear that one of them, named Stewart Duncan, fell so heavily to the ground that he never recovered conscious ness trom that time until he died, some nine hours afterwards. A serious circumstance in connection with the affair was the fact that no medical man was available to attend to the poor fellow, otherwise he might have been got round. The Haeboue of Poet Adelaide. — Some annoyance was felt on Thursday at Port Ade laide because the depth of water was too shallow to enable the ships Aristides and Monte Rosa to be towed into harbour. Our Shipping Reporter in commenting upon this fact remarks that as full information respecting the harbour facilities and accommodation of Port Adelaide has been published, shipowners should not per sist in sending vessels here of a larger tonnage than can conveniently cross the bar. Ships of 1,000 tons register and of easy draught are better adapted to our port in its present condition than craft of the large dimensions of those which have recently arrived. Sale or Suburban Lands. — On Friday Messrs. Green & Co. offered at auction 40 allot ments of lard in the new suburb of College Park Extension. There was a large attendance of purchasers, and an eager competition. All the lots offered were disposed of at excellent prices, the average being about £2 per foot, and the total amount realized £6,220. The GLEifELQ Rail-way.— A public meeting, attended by about 35 persons, was held in Mr. F. Leake's store, Goodwood Park, on Friday evening, July '27, for the purpose of considering the decision of the Adelaide, Glenelg, and Suburban Railway Company to allow the Glenelg train to stop at this township should sufficient inducement offer. Mr. J. H. Bagster, the Mayor of Unley, presided. The meeting was addressed at some length by several speakers, among whom were Councillor Holland, of the Adelaide Corporation, and Councillor Shierlaw, of the Unley Corporation, and a reso lution was passed affirming the desirability ot the following trains stopping at Goodwood Park : — From Adelaide^ — 650 a.m., 2.15 p.m., an2 5.15 pan. From Glenelg— 7 a.m., 2.45 pjn.,' and 5.45 pjn. It was also decided that a petition should be presented to the Directors of the Glenelg Railway Company, requesting them to accede to this resolution, and that the petition should contain a list of those persons who would guarantee to take monthly tickets, providing that the fares were reasonable. The following Committee was appointed to carry out the fore going resolutions :— Messrs. Bagster, Shierlaw, F. Leake, H. Potter, G. Rogers, B. Rushtbn, and Evans. The meeting terminated with a vote of . thanks to the Chairman. Poet Adelaide PRrsnnvE Methodist Circuit. — It is proposed to erect a parsonage in connection with the above circuit at Queens town, and with that object in view a suitable site has been purchased. Tfie accommodation of the present church being inadequate, it is intended to build a larger one in the same reighbourhood, and it is also contemplated to put up a structure at Glanville, where religious services on behalf of the denomination have been lately held. The Rev. S. Raymond, who has already served on the circuit for the past three months, has received the first ministerial appointment to the same. Nabbo-vv Escxpb frou Fiee. — The Burra Ifews reports that on Sunday morning, July 22, the Bon Accord Hotel, Aberdeen, becoming filled with smoke, the circumstance aroused the attention of Mr. Dunstan, who with the rest of the inmates had retired to rest. On making a search he found that the coir matting in the second dining-room was on fire and that the flames were nearly touching the ceiling. He dragged the matting outside and aroused the landlady and the rest of the inmates. Prompt measures were adopted, and the fire was ?extinguished before any serious consequencea ensued. Racing. — Some excitement was caused in and around Aberdeen on Saturday, July 21 (says the Burra JVettw), by a mile-and-a-half race on the Copperhouse Coarse between two local horses — Mr. E. A. JaSxefs b.g. Ivanhoe and Mr. E. F. Opie's gan. Gulnare— f or £5 a side. At the time appointed for the race over a hundred spectators had assembled on the coarse. The majority were horsemen, but there were a few buggies and a sprinkling of the fair sex. On being first mounted the bay threw his rider and bolted to Aberdeen He was brought back, and his rider having remounted the two horses started and got away well . together. In the first round Ivanhoe ran some hundreds of yards off the course* and gave the mare a chance, but he was brought back, and his superior speed soon made up for his wide running, and be won easily. Another match, has been- arranged be tween the aane horses for £10 a side, the dis tance to be two miles. Adelaide thb Bbxndisx of Australia.— The Sydney Morning Herald, in writing recently upon the question of the Suez mail service, thus speaks; of the possible position which Adelaide may in the future occupy in connection with New South Wales, Queensland, and other places : — ' If for the present andior some years to come, Melbourne is the mail port for the Sydney mails via Suez, it will only be so for a few years. The terminal station will make another move to the westward, and Port Adelaide will be the depot at which our Suez mails will be embarked and disembarked. Had New South Wales been ' equal to its opportunities, a line from Sydney to Adelaide might have been made by the date of the espiry of the present contract. To have commenced such a line with vigour would have been a proper sequel to the Intercolonial Con ference, and it would have been a benefit, not only to this colony but to others. A line from Cootamundra to Wentworth and the South Australian frontier would meet with no engineering difficulties at all except in crossing the Darling. By taking advantage of the eager ness of the squatters to purchase land, the whole cost of the work might have been met out of the proceeds of the sales of the adjoining lands. But though too long delayed, the work will be done sooner or later, and sooner in proportion as our Governments get wideawake, or get liberty of action. When it is open for traffic' there will be landed at Port Adelaide the mail for New South Wales, Queensland, the northern parts of New Zealand, and Polynesia, and with a special service the time taken between the two termini need not exceed three days. Even this will not constitute the whole of the improve ment in the mail service which will result in combining Australian railways with the Anglo Indian route. The nearest point in Australia to thatroute is theNorth-westCape,andthetime will come when the steamer from Galle, with the Australian mails, will land them all there, and when by the agency of trans-continental rail way, they will be distributed to the several parts of Australia, just as the American mails from England are landed at New York, and dispersed throughout the States of the Union. That, perhaps, is a work for the next generation. Meanwhile, now that the through line to Mel bourne has been sanctioned, the next line that combines intercolonial- advantages with the expediting of a communication with the mother country is the through line to Adelaide. The South Australians are quite prepared to do their share of the work, and are already at work on a portion of it, for their Parliament has sanctioned an extension from Kapunda to the River Murray.' ? ' ' Wigs. — The HovieNeios has been led to make the following comments upon a recent inno vation in our Supreme Court: — 'The wig is a very gentemanlike institution, and it is pleasing to hear that counsel are henceforth to wear them when they practise in the Courts at Ade laide. Now that the Old World is getting Radical, and that disrespectful things are being said about the wig, it is refreshing to find that South Australia is becoming Conservative. The United States, forensically speaking, are wig less. M. Gallenga has mentioned in his charming book, entitled the 'Pearl of the Antilles,' that the Judge himself smokes a havana in Court, and that once, when he was a prisoner on some imaginary charge, a cigar was politely tendered to him also. The wig is pretty safe for a few decades in our English Courts, though the Q.C.'s only don their full-bottomed headgear on high days. That little patch on the wig called the coif is in the course of nature doomed, for have not the Serjeants sold their picturesque Inn, and sent away their relics in the form of portraits of the legal luminaries who were wont to eat and drink in that ancient hall ? It is sup posed,though it has never been officially declared, that the Queen will create no more Serjeants, though there is just the ghost of a chance that the coif may not perish, No one has been profane enough even to suggest the abolition of the Speaker's wig. Indeed, it is as impossible to con ceive;Mr. Speaker without awig as Captain GGssett without a sword and black Court suit. Apropos of the'legalization of the wig in the Superior Courts at Adelaide, some of our County Court Judges now require it to be worn by barristers in their presence. They have even invented a clerkly and not unbecoming costume for solicitors. It consists of a stuff gown like that either of a cathedral verger or a Bachelor of Civil Law with plain bands— but no wig. That would be in decorous.' Sir Juucs Yogel. — It is rumoured in New Zealand that Sir Julius Yogel is returning from England to edit the Otago Daily Timts, at £1,800 a year. Naeeow escape from Fibe at Gawlbr.— Early onTuesday morning last Mr. D.Thomson, saddler, had his residence nearly burnt down. The Bunyip states that 'some clothes were drying before the fire, which became ignited. Mr. Thomson awoke during the night, and found the room filled with smoke. On entering the kitchen water was at hand, with which he deluged the flames just as the woodwork- of the mantelpiece was being consumed. The children in an adjoining room were sound asleep.' - [From yesterday's Evening Journal^ XXX Telegraphic Communication with Min laton. — A deputation consisting of Messrs. J. J. ?Duncan, MJ?., J. Richards, M.P., D. Bower, MI*., J. Darling, M^., F. S. Baker, J. Ramsay, C. N. Collison, and M. Mclnerhney, the Minister of Agriculture and Education (Hon. E. Ward) on Friday morning, July 27, to urge the opening of a telegraph station at Min laton. The Postmaster-General (Mr. C. Todd) was present during the interview. A memorial, numerously signed by farmers and residents in the township, was presented by Mr Baker, pointing out the central position of Minlaton and the fact that, although the telegraph line passed through the township, great inconvenience was suffered by the absence of a station. Persons were totally unable to use the line without going to Yorketown, a distance of 20 miles. > Mr. Baker and other members of the deputation referred to instances where great expense and inconvenience resulted. Mr. Collison mentioned a case in which a resident from near Minlaton, ? who wished to bid for land at a Government sale, had to spend two days at Edithburgh before he could know the result of his application. Cases of serious illness were also instanced as arguments in favour of the opening of a Tele graph Station at Minlaton, and it was pointed out that £3,800 had already been received by the Government; from the sale of township and suburban lands. < Mr. Ward, in reply, said it would, no doubt, be necessary to establish telegraphic communica tion with Minlaton sooner or later. If, how ever, provision were made on this year's Esti mates some time must necessarily elapse before the building could be erected; and it might be found inconvenient if the opening of communi cation were kept waiting till then. It would facilitate matters if the deputation could give him an assurance that there were premises which could be made available for the pur pose. Mr. Ramsay said he was authorized to state that Messrs. Calder & Baker and Mr. McInerhney were willing to provide temporary accommodation. Mr. Ward said it must be understood that the room would be entirely separate from the store — (Mr.Baker — Detached.) —It need not be detached, but the operator must have entire control if the room be used. Mr. Baker said he had no doubt that such a room could be provided. Mr. Ward said that if an offer of that kind were forwarded to him an operator should be sent so soon as one was available. > The Iktebcolo:nial Steam Tbade. — We learn that there is a prospect of the -opposition between the Adelaide Steamship Company and Messrs. McMeckan, Blackwood,icCo. coming to an end. Mr. BlacfiwQod is now in Adelaide, and it is understood that oa^ behalf of his firm he has entered into an arrangement with the Company, by which the latter agrees to purchase the popular steamer Aldinga, and the firm agrees to take a large interest in the Company in the form of shares. For many years Messrs. McMeckan, Blackwood, & Co., . had the bulk of the trade between- Adelaide and Melbourne, and they were able to hold it uiitil the advent of the fine steamships South Australian and Victorian, which with the in troduction of low fares wrested & large propor tion of the business from the hands of those who had heldt it so long. For some months past the rival boats have been running at unre munerative rates, but the arrangement that has now been entered into— ^and which, only &wait3; the confirmation of the shareholders— will do away with the danger as well as the unprofitK ableness of virulent opposition, and at the same time, it is to be hoped, prevent any return to the high fares of past days. BrvEB News.— The following were the heights of the rivers at the localities mentioned, as re ported at the Telegraph Office on July 27, at 10 a.m. : — . Wentworth (Darling), 5 ft. 1 ul, rising. Bourke {Darling), low. Brewarnna (Darling), low. '. . ? Euston (Murray), IS it. 6 ia, falling. ' ' . Echuca (Hurray), 12 ft. 5 in., falling. / , . ', ' Bahranald(Mnrrambidgee),5ft.lin.. ' ' .[ . '' ? Hay (Murrombidgee), 3 ft. 2 in.' —.-.?? Waggrv Wasga (Morrumbidgee) 3 ft. Walgett, junction of Namoi and Barsron, low, \ 