FATHER FABIAN, The Monk of Malhom Tower. CHAPTER XL. — Continued) . . THE FUSBEAl. The funeral procession was still at some dis tance but the townspeople hurried to take their seats within the church', the greater portion of the chdir, however; being reserved for the friends ana family of the deceased. Dr. Red- mavne withdrew to put on his surplice, and Aubrey and Millicent sat with Mrs. Redmayne and her daughters in a pew that commanded a full view of the whole church. He wondered where Edith and Father Fabian would be. Presently the muffled peal ceased, and the deep tones of the solitary knell filled the wintry sky. A few minutes more, and the doctor, solemn and white-robed, walked slowly down to the great western door with his book in his hand, and Aubrey knew that once again were spoken those words of immortal cheer which have comforted the whole Christian Church for ages--"/ am -the Resurrection and the Life!" A little longer, and the dark procession entered the choir ; the Seatondale estatesmen and tenants, according to ancient custom, bore the coffin on their shoulders. Among the pall-bearers were the Duke of Aldinghame, the rector of St. Ulpha's, several gentlemen of position from Lunechester, and Mr. Clifford, who had declined to take any part in the service. He- hind the coffin came the poor little heiress, clinging to the hand of her guardian, Mr. Fabian, and after them two ladies, so closely veiled that Aubrey could scarcely be certain which of them was Edith. It was not a splendid funeral, for the General's last wish had been scrupulously respected ; but it was a grand funeral for all that, so many people of all classes and all ageB thronged to testify their respect for the departed master of Seatondale. At last arrived the moment for carrying the coffin into the vault ; here only those who were invited, or "bidden," to the funeral were permitted to enter. But Aubrey and Millicent took up their station with the mourners, and stood close to Dr. Red mayne as- he enunciated the solemn " ashes to ashes, dust to dust." To Aubrey it wsb like a dream, for the scene carried him back to that long-past April day when he had heard the same words from the same lips, and watched with compassion the sorrowful, heart-anguished iace of his bereaved kinsman, and then, as you will probably remember, he had atoned to his conscience for witnessing this heretic ceremony by repeating the " Litany for the Dead," and that other Litany for the Conversion of -England, and he had trembled as he thought of the fate of those who had died unfortified by the sacra ments of the Catholic Church. Now he could join heart and soul in the beautiful prayers to which he listened ; now he knew that salvation was of Christ, and not of any Church, as such, however holy, however ancient. The horrible nightmare that had oppressed him was gone ; he had suffered much, for not in a single day could he cast away the yoke of those who had been to him as God; there had been a painful and weary struggle, but the hour of release arrived, and he came out of the darkness and the malaria of Rome into the clear, warm, healthful sunshine of God's unmingled truth. And now tears of gratitude filled hi3 eyes ; it was so sweet to be at peace with himself, and to feel that his Father's face was turned towards him, and the light that can never be dimmed shining on his heavenward path. He had scarcely seen Fabian, for during tho whole service in the church he had covered his face ; but now, as he heard the final blessing pronounced, he saw, with the torchlight full upon it, the countenance he knew of old so well. He gazed in astonishment ; Fabian was so strangely, sadly altered, he was but the wreck of the trusted and honoured priest of St.' Omer. He was aged and bent, . his cheeks and temples were hollow ; his eyes — those piercing falcon eyes — were dim and heavy, his features were sharpened to attenuation, he looked like one who dreads some grim avenger, and is all aweary of his life. Something of the old love and reverence fluttered in Aubrey's heart as he gazed upon that mournfully altered visage, and he said to himself, "I must not be hard with him ! It should not be my voice that proclaims his falsehood, and yet— and yet— how can 1 withhold the truth? Perhaps he repents— God grant that it may be so." By this time all was over, .and the funeral party thankfully left the cold vault, which was fitter for the dead than for the living. Aubrey went straight up to Mr. Clifford, saying, " You have not forgotten me, I hope ?" Mr. Clifford started, as well he might, and in the same moment Fabian looked up and saw. his recusant pupil. A livid pallor overspread his countenance, and he leaned against a distant pillar to support himself. Aubrey turned ;to to him, and, after a moment's hesitation, put out his hand. . It was not taken. Fabian gazed at him; as if ho were a ghost, and in a hallow tone whispered, ."My God, . Aubrey ! how came you here?" "I came to my uncle's funeral.; 1 only arrived last night. Four days ago I was crossing , the sea on my way home from America. - I wish now I had hastened my .return," , "I wish you had. What are you going, to do now?" "I shall return with you to Seatondale. I think, as the child's nearest relative, I have some claim." " Undoubtedly ! And what next ?" "What next, Father Fabian ?" , "Do you come to tell the world what a traitor. I have been ?" ' " I do not know ; I would vain -spare you but I make no promises. I am a . Pro testant?" "I guessed it. And what is more Lam. not sorry for it. I shall never leave the communion of our ancient Church ; but— -but— my views are changed. I will explain hereafter. We can not converse here. And then Aubrey and Edith were clasping hands again, though scarcely a word was ex changed netween them. As the ladies drove home across the snowy fells Mrs. Clifford said to Edith, "You never told me you knew Aubrey Seaton.. Now I know who it was that you refused to marry years ago. He could not have come back at a more fitting and convenient period ; . it strikes me that he will put many crooked things straight for us. We shall see and hear much that is surprising, I expect. And now we shall understand the mystery of his long absence, the inexplicable silence which so grieved the dear General." CHAPTER XLI. V, . i'ABIAN STATES HIS RESOLVE.' . ; 'Because I knew not' when my life was good, And when there was a light upon my path, But turned my soul perversely to the dark— . <0 Lord, 1 do repent. Because I spent the strength thougavest me In struggle which Thou never didst ordain, And have hut dregs of life to oifer Thee— O, Lord I do repent. ' Because I. called good evil, evil good, And thought I, ignorant, knew many things, And deemed my weight of folly weight of wit— O Lord, I do repent." , .The wintry afternoon was fast fading into night when the funeral party once more reached Seatondale. More snow had, fallen there than, at Chalfonts and on the coast ; and the fells and higher peaks beyond were as white as Mont Blanc itself. The roads were heavy ; the trees were covered with frosted rime ; the noisy beck that was wont to babble over the rocks for several miles of the solitary way was silent, as it trickled iu a slow, slender, half-congealed stream underneath the ice. Here and there were long icicles drooping from the crags ;' the ' brambles and briars that overhung the banks were like huge sprays of pearl, or colourless, pure coral, while the mere itself was frozen bard and smooth, and all around it stood up stark and stiff the dead rushes and water- flags of the departed summer. Dr. Redmayne, Mr. Threlkeld, Aubrey, and Millicent occupied one carriage. The rector was greatly exercised in his mind for several reasons, not the one of least account being that which led him openly to deplore the extreme inconvenience of his present situation. " You see, he said to Aubrey, "I feel compelled to accompany Mr. Threlkeld to Seaton this evening, for I was the last person, and perhaps the only person, with whom our lamented friend spoke openly on the subject of his private affairs. In fact, as chief witness of that codicil, which I told you of just now, and which pretty well upsets Fabian, I suppose I am bound to put in an appearance. But it is extremely awkward. To return to Chalfonts to-night is out of the question, and there is the usual service in the church to-morrow morning, at eleven o'clock. And if it should snow heavily during the night, I cannot, think what I shall do. A pretty thing if I cannot get back to my duties to- morrow morning !" " Cannot your curate be responsible ?" asked Aubrey. " He must be for the prayers ; but he is not in full orders, and cannot therefore take the whole service. I left him one of my old sermonS, however, in case the worst should come to the worst ; but the real difficulty lies further on. To- morrow is one of our great Sacrament Days, and people make a point of staying. Now my curate, being only a deacon, cannot possibly officiate alone. It's very awkward ! my heart misgave me when I found the funeral was fixed for Christmas-eve. If it had only been yesterday, it would not have been such an anxiety, for I could have managed to get back, by hook or by crook, with twenty- four hours at my disposal." " I do not think it looks like auother snow fall," replied Aubrey. " The frost is intense, and the horizon clear : I can almost promise you a real old-fashioned Christmas-day, bright, sparkling, and bitterly cold. I wonder how many degrees of frost the thermometer registers this evening." "From fifteen to twenty, I should say," returned the doctor, shivering, and wrapping his rug round his knees. "I feel almost down to zero, and none the more comfortable for the dilemma in which I am placed. I am half-, inclined to take a vow never again to engage a curate who is not in priest's orders. It's all very well giving young fellows their title for orders, but it doesn't answer— one has more trouble than enough, and in a case like the pre sent, there is a very serious difficulty." "You seem as hampered as the Church of Rome," said Aubrey. " What difference can it make to the administration of Holy Com munion whether it be presided over by priest, or deacon ? For my own part, I have frequently taken the bread and wine, with great comfort and profit, from the hands of laymen. So long as Christ is present— mind, I don't mean in the elements— it matters little who else is absent. It seems to me that both Oxford and Rome are altogether wrong on this subject of the Lord's Supper." "And it seems to me," said Dr. Redmayne, striving to keep his temper, "that the sacraments of Dissenters are no sacramemts at all ! But, for Heaven's sake, don't let us get into any controversy ! I am cold, and hungry, and worried, and 1 never can, and never will, argue on an empty stomach, or with feet as 'cold as stones,. Only I must juBt observe, that for. ah . ex-Romanist you hold very singular opinion's." " Very singular indeed J" muttered Mr. Threl keld,.; who like, the frigid weather and the enforced . journey no.better than the clergyman. ".And I think, Mr. Seaton, you had better have remained a devout Catholic than cast in your lot with schismatics, who ought to be put down by Act of Parliament. I am a good Churchman, and I would as soon be a Mahom- medan as a Quaker or a Methodist." , Clearly Aubrey's best course just now was to hold his peace, though it did seem to him superlatively ridiculous that this luckless curate, whom his own Church acknowledged as lawfully ordained, should be judged incapable of duly administering the sacrament. Moreover, he received a private pinch from Millicent, which was intended to admonish him to be discreet, and refrain from any further exposition of his views. All were glad when the carriage stopped at the great hall-door, and the lights and glow of numerous fires shone out upon the snow from the many- windowed house. The hot luncheon which was provided was in fact an excellent dinner, and after a judicious course of clear soup, roast sirloin, roast capon, . mellow ham, hot mince-pie, Stilton cheese, and splendid old port, Dr. Redmayne, who was far from an unamiable man, recovered his temper, and blamed himself that ho had spoken so harshly to Aubrey, who might, perchance, be brought back again to the paths of orthodoxy, as represented by the respectable, slow-going, High and Dry Church of England, which he himself affected. "We had better go to business at once," said Mr. Threlkeld, when he had finished a Ribston pippin, and tossed off a bumper of wine. "The servants had better attend. Mr. Fabian, shall I give orders, or will you ?" " If you will assume the executive, I shall feel grateful," (replied Fabian. - 1 do not know at present how far my authority in this house extends. Fray issue what orders you think proper." Mr. Viner was then desired to summon the other servants, and, as they, were expecting the summons, they quickly filed in, and stood crowded together at the lower end of the large room. It had been a question whether Beatrice should be present or not, and it was finally ; ruled that she should decide for herself. The poor little thing, however, was so overtired that she declined to join the party below, and indeed, as soon as she had eaten some hot bread and milk, fell aBleep on the sofa by the nursery fire, and no one had the heart to disturb her till late at night, when it became necessary to undress her and carry her to her bed. " Ladies and gentlemen, and my friends at the other end of the room," said Mr. Threlkeld, throwing a glance towards the servants, and laying his hands solemnly ou a legal looking, document, " I am about to read to you the last will and testament of the late General Seaton, of Seaton Hall, in the county of Fellshire. I myself, in the General's presence, and by bis desire; destroyed the previous will made soon after hiB marriage with MisB Mary Damarel. This will, which I now hold in my hand, was drawn up when the heiress of Seaton was about two years old ; it was signed and sealed in my presence, as the Rev. John Fabian, of Malham Tower, the Rev. Charles Clifford, of Priest's Croft, Seatondale, and Thomas Viner, the General's old and attached servant, can bear witness." Then in a loud, clear voice, the lawyer read the will, which was drawn up with all due for mality, and need not be given in extenso here. Suffice to say, that after legacies specified to the Cliffords, to the old servants, and to a few other people, including some distant kith and bin of the late Mrs. Seaton, General Seaton left all he possessed, without reservation, to Beatrice Mary Seaton, his only child ; and with equal lack of reservation, . all powers, legal and dis cretionary, as trustee and executor of the estates, and sole guardian of the infant heiress, were placed in the hands of " my well-beloved and esteemed friend, John Fabian, of Malham Tower, clerk in Holy Orders, and ordained priest of the Church of England, as by law established." While this document was being read Fabian never once looked up. He sat iu his place, with his face bowed in his hands ; nor did he stir when, after a decent pause, Mr. Threlkeld re sumed : "So far, all is perfectly plain and clear. We now, however, arrive at what appears to be a Slight complication, since the codicil which I am about to read seriously interferes with the terms in which the Rev. John Fabian's guardianship was at first con cluded. The codicil in ' question — which was 'signed, as most of you are aware, within thirty - six hours of the decease of our esteemed and lamented friend — distinctly provides that Beatrice Mary Seaton, being a woman child, shall enjoy the privilege of the guardianship of her own sex, in addition to that of the aforesaid John Fabian, clerk, whose responsibilities are, limited to the control and management of the estates on behalf of the aforesaid Beatrice Mary Seaton, infant. The codicil also declares that Mrs. Emily Clifford and Miss Edith Arm strong are the two ladies to whose care the General confidently commits his orphan child. Till she is of age, she is to reside constantly with either Mrs. Clifford or Miss Armstrong ; they conjointly are to choose her instruc tors and servants, and do person— not even the Rev. John Fabian — can legally interfere between. Miss Seaton and these ladies. . One other clause deserves special mention — Should the aforesaid Rev. John Fabian, of Malham Tower, feel at all disinclined, under these circum stances, to act as guardian to the child, in respect to her pecuniary interests, he has simply to refuse the responsibility, and it then lies with Mrs. Clifford and Miss Armstrong to choose for themselves such a. coadjutor as shall appear to them most expedient. . I may also remark that in connection with this not impro bable contingency, the'Duke of Aldinghame was mentioned by the General himself.', I think, at least yon distinctly said, so, Doctor Red mayne?" ' "I did say so. Our dear departed friend spoke very strongly in favour of the Duke. Had Heaven seen fit to prolong the life that was so suddenly cut short, he would I am positive, have communicated with his Grace and entreated him to accept the responsibility. Had the Duke of Aldinghame declined — which was not at all likely — I have every reason to believe that General Seaton would have applied to myself, and I need not say that in any way, and in every way, I am at the service of the ladies as the faithful friend of the little heiress," " I will proceed to read aloud this important though irregularly-framed codicil" said Mr. Threlkeld, as he stood up and carefully wiped his spectacles, " Though I am bound to observe that in spite of irregularity, it is a" perfectly legal instrument, and could not be successfully disputed in any court of law. That lamp a iittle nearer, if you please, Mr. Seaton. Thanks, that will do." And then, slowly and distinctly, Mr. Threl keld read out the codicil; and finally showed the trembling, blotted 'signiture. of the dying man, while the witnesses' attested theirs. After which there was an awkward silence, and all present save Edith and the Seatons,_ looked curiously at Fabian, who still sat motionless a little to the right of the lawyer, his brow rest- ing on his hands, and his elbows ou tho table. Dr. Redmayne was the first to speak. "Mr. Fabian, we await your decision." " Is it necessary to decide at once ?" he asked, slowly lifting his head, and showing his haggard, < careworn countenance, the expression of which was to Aubrey most startling — most incompre hensible. "There is no time like the present, I should say," remarked Mr. Threlkeld. .You have simply to declare you will or you' will not, you know, Mr. Fabian. If you will pardon me for expressing an unasked opinion, I may just say that if I were in your place I would leave Miss Seaton and her fortunes alone. You will thereby save yourself a world of perplexity and annoyance." " Is it necessary that the servants remain pending my decision, if it must be spoken now ?" inquired Fabian, proudly. t. " Well, no ; I should imagine not— eb, Mr. Threlkeld?" replied Dr. Redmayne. "The servants have listened to all that concerns them selves, and eminently satisfactory to them those clauses of the will must be. But with tho codocil, which does not touch the testamentary disposition of property, they, are certainly not concerned, and may therefore, I should conclude, leave us to ourselves ? Mr. Threlkeld mutely acquiesced,' and Mr. Clifford, speaking at the instance of his wife, aairi rather timidly, " This business is undoubt edly of a private nature, affecting a few persons only. We can scarcely, I think, expect Mr. Fabian to open his mind before so miscellaneous an audience." At which Mr. Viner and Mrs. Jeliffe marshalled off their forces, and Aubrey sprang up to say, "Shall we retire— Millicent and I ? We have certainly nothing to do with the affair in question. Our little cousin has our deepest, truest sympathy ; more we cannot offer." "Stay ! I pray you, stay, Aubrey !" was Mr. Fabian's hasty answer. But iu the words " I > pray you," there was something of the old tone of command which Aubrey so well remembered. - He resumed his seat ; Millicent had not stirred. All awaited Fabian's decision. " I think you are. right, Dr. Redmayne," he said at length his voice, though husky with suppressed emotion, being steady and distinct — "'if it were done, when 'tis done, then 'twere well it were done quickly.' As it appears to me that I see my duty before me, I need not any longer listen to . the pros and cons, which my own incli nation would suggest. My mind is fully made up. I do accept the trust confided to me some few years since by the man whose memory will ever by me be cherished with unmingled affection and deep gratitude. Mrs, Clifford and Miss Armstrong, I am ready to act with you, in any way you may think proper, to the best of my ability." " Are you quite sure, Mr. Fabian, that, as a duty, you accept the guardianship of this child ?" asked Mrs. Clifford, in a tone which, in spite of herself, was cold and rigidly constrained. She 'had fondly hoped that she would be spared the dreaded annoyance which now seemed inevi table. To be associated with this man, Tyhom she had from the first distrusted, and of whoBe falsehood and troaohery she wa3 fully persuaded, was to her terrible in the extreme. "As in God's presence I declare to yon all here assembled," replied Fabian, growing more and more deadly pale as he spoke, and clasping his hands like one in agony, "that only to serve Beatrice Seaton and her interests, both temporal and spiritual, I accept this sacreil trust, and force myself, as it were, upon those who look upon me as capable of any base deceit. God is my witness that I meau nothing but good towards the dear child, and if by laying down my life I could secure or enhance her true happiness and well- being, I think I should not heBitate. Come what will, I know that if I ever meet her father in that eternal world which he has entered, and towards which I hasten, I shall meet liim, as far as regards this trust, with a conscience blameless of offence. Yes, ladies and friends, now, and once for all I accept the duties, limited though they be, assigned me by the will of General Seaton."., "Fabian!" said Dr. Redmayne, "I do not wish to give you any needless pain, but I feel that I should not discharge my trust, if I did not, in the presence of these witnesses, declare' to you most solemnly, and on the word of a Christian clergyman, that General Seaton— whatever may have been his desire in time past— most earnestly wished to appoint some other guardian and executor in your stead. Had he lived twelve hours longer, this will, which I hold under my hand, would have been burned to ashes, and another will, from which your name was to have been purposely excluded, would, have been drawn up, and legally com pleted. And the codicil? WelL! the codicil was hastily and roughly framed, and as hastily and roughly signed and witnessed, for the express design of traversing the will already iu existence; lest — and the poor old man evi dently had a strong presentiment of his approaching end — lest he should not survive to make entirely fresh arrangements as regarded his child. For weeks and months before his death he perceived the desirability of altering his will, so far, and so far only, as you were concerned. And at my last interview with General Seaton, he distinctly stated that he had quite resolved to (erase your name as guardian, only he could not at once determine who he should appoint in your place. I am fully convinced that he had really decided upon his Grace of Aldinghame, who would have been . with us at this moment, but for the illness of his duchess. Some of these facts you know- already from Mrs. Clifford, who was in the General's confidence, and who was with him in the .-lest hours of his life. But lest you should not clearly understand in its aspects your present position, I thought it only right, though it might appear harsh and discourteous, to say what I have said. You mnst now perceive that against the dying wish, and contrary to the actual will of the General, yon persist in abiding by a document which, though legal, is morally null and void. I cannot say more." ; i To be continued. Speaking of dancing a clergyman hits the nail ou the head with the remark that "people usually do more evil with their tongues than, with their toes." 