GERMANY. jIMFOnrAWT LETTER OF VHUPOPE TO AGUEHAN ! BIOHOPo Subjoined is a letter addressed at the date jnamed in it by tho Holy Fafeher to a Bishop jio Germany, v/hoae identity has not trans 'pired. j ' Piuo PP. IX. j' Venerable Brother, Hoalth aucl Apoafcolic j Benediction. | ' We have learnt witb. tho greatest satis ? faction, Venerable Brothers that you had 'already disproved the conduct v/hicb. we : ourselves subsequensly thought it our duty . to blame ; and, although we well know fchat ;tho peculiar circumstances arising from the jlaws, the times, and the diccuooioan on I religion introduced into public assemblies jlinve mado a beaten track to error, yet we have judged it useful'to warn thono that have been led astray whenever a favourable opportunity miftht offer. ' But what is still more grievous to us is tho report that reaches out' ears concerning Jcei-tain priests of tho German clergy, who, (after having deferred for a long time to make their public adhooion to the dogmatic defini» tion of the (Ecumenical Council of the iVatican touching tbe infallible magisterium jof the Roman Pontiff', have at last mado pro S fession of their acceptance of it, but have at I the same time declared either that they took j that step because they saw that those of the (German Bishops who had maintained the ioppooifce opinion in the Council had accepted 1 the definition, or eho because they admitted cthe truth of the dogma as defined, but without admitting the opportuneness of the ; definition. j ' Now, as the definitions of General Coun cils are infallible because they emanate from ; the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, who i' assists the Church according to the promise of Jesus Christ, they cannot but teach the truth ; but the truth they teach doeo not derive either its force or its character from the ascent of men ; much more does it, inasmuch as it proceeds from God, require a full, entire, and unconditional aasenfc. And assuredly no heresy down to the present time could ever have been effectually condemned if tho faithful had been allowed, before sub mitting to the Definition of the truth, to await tho assent of those who had opposed such Definition, and found fchemaolves con* demned by it. 'This doctrine, which is the samo foi* the Defiuitiona of the (Ecumenical Councils aa for the Definition of Sovereign PontiiTu, was clearly formulated by the Council of the ???IWIIII ? rrrrr— -'? -...? ?- -- ?.»w««www^.w»«n»~m-. Vatican, when it taught, at the termination! of its definition, that ' The Definitions of ther . Boman Pontiff are irreformable in them-} selves, and not in virtue of the Church'sj consent thereto.' ' But it was even more absurd to accept the Definition, c^nd to persist, notwitlistandsj inpf, in holding it to have been inopportune.'; Certainly the vicissitudes of tho present age,: the errors, which are as numerous as all those - which have ever existed, and the fresh errors; which hell daily vomits forth to the Church's' ruin, the deprivation of the liberty of the Vicar of Jesus Christ, the withdrawal from the Bishops of tho faculty not only of ineeN.. ang together, but even of teaching, attest; with how much opportuneness Divine Pro*v vidence permitted the Definition of the Papal ? Infallibility to be proclaimed then, vrhen_the right rule of belief and of conduct, amidst such manifold hindrances, was about to be deprived of all other support. A nd putting \ this aside, if the definitions of (Ecumenical Councils are therefore infallible, because they flow from the wisdom and from the , counsel of the Koly Ghost, nothing assuredly is more absurd than to suppose that the Holy Ghost teaches indeed true things, but that; He may also teach them inopportunely. _ I 'If, then, there bo any of these priests in;. your diocese, warn them seriously that it is; not in any wise permitted them to narrow their assent within those limits, nor to make it conditionally dopendeut on the action,' however laudable, of this or that Bishop,'^ rather than on the Church's authority, warn; them, too, that it is absolutely necessary that: they adopt the Definition with full and entire! consent of tho understanding end the} will, if they do not desire to err from the true ; faith. j 'And now supplicating for you the event; more andtaoro abounding and more effectual: succour of Divine grace, as an earnest of; heavenly favour, and in testimony of our , special benevolence, we accord ?with/ affection to yourself, Venerable Brother, andf to your whole diocese, the Apostolic Benea diction. 'Given at Rome, at St. Peter's, this Oth* of November, 1876, of Our Pontificate ther 31st year. PlUG PP. IX.' \- . ? i 