CHAPTER XI. \ T*"* PBTSCBS BRTOSB PABTY. A very intimate friend and constant com* -pardon oimine one day pointed out to me our \- friend the swell, appropriator of. other people's ■ goods and chattels, as no (the latter) was airing '• uishandsome person in the Bois do Bologne, \- and, as a great secret, confided to me his firm belief that there was something decidedly ' rotten in the state of Denmark, or in plainer words, that tho h&ndsomo; youth was suspected o? not being altogether a desirable party to assist at a small but highly respectable tea "• party. Only a few days after this occurrence, I was waited upon by a gruff and somewhat grizzly, hut perfectly polite, gentleman, with fine head ana military deportment. Glancing at the gentleman's card I gleaned tho fact that ^ he was either Count or Viscount Somebody. . At this lapse of time 1 cannot tax my memoiy ' sufficiently to remember to which of theso titles my friend laid claim. "Written in pencil (this I remember perfectly well) was aide-de-camp to Prince D , anotherParis celebrity. In a few words tho aide told me tho following startling facts, and in perfectly pore and well chosen English, but with the one and rather noticeable exception of his inability to pronounce correctly the word " extraordinary" which he insisted upon pronouncing li extraor dinaire" another eccentricity of speech being that almost every sentence spoken commenced . and frequently ended with tKs word. Bntwo will let the gentleman introduce his subject in his own particular way. aWeIl, air," Baidthe aide,{t it is extraordinaire \- the business which procures for me the happi ness of this interview, hut I am charged by his Highness, the Prince D—, who, by the way, is it not extraordinaire, assisted at your perfor mance yesterday afternoon, to invite you to dine at his hotel this evening; hut there is a \- great and extraordinaire secret which I am also : to have the felicity of imparting to hL lePro fessenr." I bowed, silently awaiting ins commands. • "Does Momdeur believe in ghosts?" half alily oontinued the aide. " No," from me, and this sharp and prompt. "Then, does Monsieur believe in any super natural power, such as would convey matter from phco to place without the aid of human interference, in short," said he, becoming some what heated,u it is very extraordinaire; but do "' 'you, believe it possible that if I place my hat on table, so, in this position, and there ■ being no one in the room besides ourselves, ~ that the hat could be removed to the other ' table, or be made to disappear altogether with out any interference from either of us ? Would it not be very, very extraordinaire ?" " It would" be more; it would be impossible, Monsieur," I replied. "Good," said he; "but this thing happens almost every day to some one or other of my friends, and it is this the prince wishes to con sult yon about." Punctually to the time I drove up to the prince's hotel, was very kindly received by that gentleman, who, in kind consideration for my nationality, commenced the conversation in my native German. In a few words he gave me to understand that almost daily he or his friends were in the habit of visiting a certain cafe fone of the most fashionable and aristocratic in Paris) and that almost daily the advent of such a visit would be marked by the loss or sudden and quite unaccountable disappearance of some valuable or other. Thus, one day a handsome and very costly for cloak, the gift of an Em peror, would be missing; another time some gentleman would put his hand to his watch to ascertain the time, but the watch, a Handsome one set with brilliants, had taken unto itself wings, and down. "Now," said the Prince, whom during dinner I found to be a sensible and shrewd man of the world," the inference is that these things are stolen, and also, as none hut men of mark and distinction visit here, it may be inferred that' kleptomania ' being & fashionable com plaint,'1 and here I thought I detected a very slight but merry twinkle in the Prince's eye, " may have broken out in this quarter. Now, for certain reasons, we wish to condnct this afEair very quietly and without any interference from the police. Will you aid us ? If so, come ' to-morrow at four o'clock to the cafe and keep your eyes about you. Put, above all things, be so disguised that it will be impossible for even your most intimate friend to recognise you." I promised compliance and, with a hearty shake of the hand frrom the Prince, went on my way back to my apartments. "Thisdiguise now is a clever move of the i Prince's," thonghtl, "forthe chancre are if there i is one of the light-fingered gentry in this case he will, like all his fraternity, be a frequenter of public places of amusement, and what more likely than that my personal appearance would be known to him, in which case instead of my watching him, he would be occupied in keeping his eye on mo lest I should detect any of his movements.'.' . Prompt to time next day, I entered the cafl, the. Prince, his extraordinaire, and several others, were seated; reading op engaged in chatting pleasantly. I say I entered, but by no strotca of the most fortile imagination could any ono hare found any thing identical with mo (except, perhaps, in height) as X was then, and tho man who an hour previously entered his dressing room at tho Hippodrome, where I had been engaged sinco one o'clock in transmogrifying myself from a dark, rather pale-look ing man of some twenty-four yoars of age to a rosy-cheeked, perfectly..light-haired, and eminently stout personage, whoso-age might be anything from 35 to 50—a thick, heavy, yellowish kind of wig, but bo. natural that tho closest observer could not distinguish it from perfectly natural hair, heavy mous taches • to match (my own were. dark, and exceedingly short), and an Imperial which might have been tho pride - of . a French " Tambour Major." At a table next to tbo. one which I selected; sat our young scapegrace, tbo (elo ganfc picker up of.unconsidered trifles—cool, gentlemanly, and handsome as ever. \ *;I took not the slightest notice of: him, or- rather, I appeared not to notice him; but in reality not his slightest movement could escape me. Presently tho Prince drew from: the inner breast-pocket of his overcoat, a very handsome diamond-studded snuffbox and: re-' galed himself with a pinch. 'Tho notion was unnoticed except by myself and the person most interested in diamond set snuffboxes and such like trifles, i.e., our friend .the surrepti tious appropriator of other men's goods. Pre sently, it being summer and the day. pretty warm, tho Prince removed his overcoat^ which ho carelessly deposited on & vacant chair, besido his own. Almost immediately afterwards I noticed that from tho position in which I had placed myself it was scarcely possible; to get a clear view of tho coat 60 as to keep it well in sight, therefore, pretending to have dropped'my handkerchief, I took the, opportunity .of'so. shifting my seat as : to bo able to:watoh with greater accuracy. . The reader -mil please to understand the relative positions in which we, the prih-; cipal characters (the Prince, tho pick pocket, and your hutnble servant), were now placed, in order to fully comprehend what follows. Imagine then four chairs placed almost in a row. Tho one on the ex treme right, and almost opposite the door, being occupied by tbo light-fingered gentleman, the one next to him by the Prince's coat, then came the Prince, and on his right myself. Suddenly I saw the young rascal lean forward, and in the sweetest manner offer tho Prince the paper ho had been reading, whilst in reaching across, and under cover of the said paper, he quickly and dexterously extracted the snuff box. The prize was his, but not for long. I determined on at onco informing tho Frince of his loss, and therefore, pulling out my pocket book, I wrote as follows:—" Your Highness,— Tho man next to you has got your snuff-box, and 1 will take it from him in a few minutes, but it will be necessary for mo to go out for a short time. Should he attempt to leave before I return, you must detain him. Leave the rest tome." Then I handed to the Princo my news paper, and of course the note with it. If any one doubt the possibility of my having written the said note in the presence of these parties without detection, and, indeed, without being 6een to write at all, I refer him to that portion of my entertainment which is called tho blood writing on tho arm. In this so-called spirit seance, I write and read names and sentences right in front of the footlights, and in full view of hundreds of persons, and without the least fear of deteotion. Immediately on finding myself outside the cafe I looked about mo for ono of tho numerous bazaars for the sale of fancy articles. One was fortunately within a few steps of where I stood. Entering. I pur chased a small fancy box about the same size as the Prince's snuffbox. In this I rolled a few francs, so as to give it the necessary weight, and then WTO to on a slip of paper which I after wards enclosed in the box the following words: "Prom motives which do not concern me, it is desired to spare you tho punishment yon so richly deserve. Your sleight-of-hand is vile, and will, sooner or later, bring you to the gal lows. If you wish to employ your talent honestly, call, and I will show you a way to escape future misery." This note I was foolish enough to sign with my name. Presently I will show my reader how this act of folly nearly cost me my life. He-entering the cafe, I for tunately' discovered my former seat oc cupied. This gave me an opportunity of selecting another chair, which I did, and 60 placed it as to bring myself a few feet behind my victim. In less time that it takes me to writo these lines, or the reader to peruse them, I had not only taken from him the box, but actually substituted the other one for it. An awkward stumble against him in placing my chair, coupled with a polite apology, had done the work. Presently be took bis leave. A slight glance assured the Prince that I had succeeded, and with a hearty laugh I returned the box to its rightful owner. Explanations followed, the Prince said " wonderful," and his aidp-de camp, *' extraordinaire." I jumped into my cab and drove like lightning to the Hippodrome, and fonnd that I had got there just half-an-hour too late for my performance, was fined one hundred francs for missing what is profession ally called my " turn," but had the pleasure of knowing that I had made a name, and secured a fiieud at the same time. I have reason to ; believe that this story was related as a good joke in the highest quarters, nor did tho Prince forget his adventure with the pickpocket, for on seeing me a few days afterwards he laugh ingly held np the identical box as I was passing him on my way to tbe Boia de Bologne. Another result of this little comedy was the patronage of his late Imperial Majesty Napoleon, ILL and suite, a short time after wards. But, how about our swell mobsman ? he certainly never patronised that cafe any more,; nor was he ever seen in the neighbourhood; bat quite two months after tbe above oc currence, as I was leaving the back of the theatre of the Porte St Martin one very dark evening, I saw a man lying on the pavement a short distance from the stage door* Think ing the poor follow had perhaps boon making, merry, or worse still, that ho might ho somo unfortunate follow subject to fits, I was just about to raise, him on his logs, when I dis covered that ho wore a small black velvet mask, and simultaneous with this discovery I'saw him raise his hand, in which glittered, what ap peared to mo, a kind of Spanish knife or dagger. Instinctively I raised my left arm and received a gash, which had it taken affect where tho assassin aimed, theso memoirs nover would have been written by me. Quick as lightning, I mado a dash at tho mask and succeeded in, tearing it from tho villain's face. To my horror I discovered my would-bo assassin to be no other than tho fictitious Count—tho pickpocket and swell mobsman, whom I defeated in & game of sleight-of-hand, at tho cafe , somo weeks previously. But, he certainly had the advantage of mo in this tour deforce^ and cleverly slipped awayfrommo boforo I could evon raise the alarm, or explain myself to tho crowd now gathered on the spot. 1 bear tho mark of that attempt on. my Hfo on my arm to this day. ; . Moral—Never try to interfere with tho duties of the police, by lifting up drunken mon in] tho dark, especially in large cities like Paris: (To be continued.) . . 