BIBLE CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE. Seventh Dat: WmwiwDiT. March 7. The Conference reassembled at 930. The following were appointed the General Committee for the year: — The President and Secretary, W. Richards, R. Lang, J. Thome, J. xoBier, ur. uampDeu, ana Jfi. Uouia. The following were elected the College Council for the year:— The President, R. Lftng, J. Thome, Dr. Campbell, Mr. J. Hosking, and J. G. Ashton. The College Committee.— The President, W. Richards, R. Long, J. Thome (Secretary), Dr. Campbell, and His Honor the Chief Justice (Treasurer.) Stationing Committee. — The President and Secretary, Chairmen of Districts, J. Stoyel, 'W. Richards, O. Lake, and T. McNeil. Trust Debts Relief Fund Committee.— The President ( J. Way), J. C. Sigmont, J. Cooper, J. Roberts, W. Lewis, S. P. Arford, Dr. Camp bell (Treasurer), and 'W. Richards (Secretary). The resolutions of the various District Meetings having been read, a short but interesting discussion ensued, and the following resolution was passed:— 'That in reviewing the spiritual state of our various districts we see much to inspire our hearts with gratitude to the Fountain of all Good The success realized has not been great, but sufficient to encourage us still to devote our selves to our great life-work. Our most pressing need is a richer baptism of the Holy Ghost ; and we desire to live and labour for still greater prosperity.' The following are the statistics of the Con nexion :— Ministers, 25; local preachers, 125; members, 1,825 ; on trial, 42. Total, 1,867 ; net increase, 23. Sabbath-schools, 68; Sabbath school teachers, 661 ; scholars, 4,013. A. considerable amount of time was taken up with making the missionary grants to the various circuits needing them. It was'resolvetl that the District Meetings be held the first Tuesday in February, 1878. It was resolved that the next Conference be held in Adelaide in February, 1878. The Conferenpe tendered its most hearty thanks to the friends in Adelaide who have so kindly entertained the members of Conference, to the Secretaries and reporters for their valu able services during the sittings of Conference, and to the President for the able manner in which he has conducted the business of the Conference. The journal having been signed, the President closed the Conference with prayer at 10.30 p.m. 