THE WEEK. Illness or the Premier. — Far some* days past Mr. l'arkos wa* suffering twin severe ind-sposition wiiich confined him to his room, ;ind ;it ono time rlirsiitened to re sult iu an attack of gastric fever. The hon. gentleman is now, wo are glad to say, approaching c-onvalo «x«nce, and. it is expected he will be abk' to resume hi* duties at tUe Colonial Secretary's office next week. AVSTRAI.IAN Ml'TlAL PROVIDENT SOCIETY. — The -\A- jimrned annual meeting of the above society was hold -on.. 27th April, :\X the bead oflk'e, in Pitt-stiwt North. Thd chair was token by Professor Smith, M.L.C.» who read tha report of Ihe scrutineers, Messrs. Metcalfc, Whitefield, and Gilfillan, which showed the following' result: — For tli-» oiiiee of director : Hon. friul Samuel obtained 15,049 votes : Mr. J. H. GoodLlet. 11,081 ; Mr F. Lee, 488G ; Mr. B. Palmer, 4701. Tor auditor : Mr. F. Paige, 5784; Mr. J. B. C. Miles, 5600; Mr. U. G. Dickcnson, 3708; Mr. T. B. 'Walker, 3137. It w.ik therefore declared that the Hon. Saul Samuel and. Mr. Goodlet were ekeved directors, ;ind Mr. Paige us auditor. Mictkoi'Olitan Wateh Sun-LY. — As was stated by the Premier in the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Clarke has sent in In's final report fo tho Government on the bast means of supplying- Sydney aud tho adjacent district with, an adequate' supply of pure water, and all that now remains to complete it for 'publication are the lithographs of some of the plans which are to accompany the lvpyrt. 'We believe ? that the course pursued by Mr. Clarke was in the ? first instance to reject all those schemes which, upon examina tion, were seen to be manifestly unsuited to meet tho ? requirements of the case, and by this means the number of schemes which appeared to be most eligible were reduced to three or four. To these he gave a much closer Kcrutinj: ; aud we understand that his investigations have lei him -to pronounce in favour of tho Nepean scheme, or that which was in the first instance recommended bv the Commission. UiiAKA. — A correspondent writes on the 27th April : — There is actually nothing to report on at present. . A slight fall of rain at the end of last week was prevented from doing- any good, iu consequence of a cold southerly breeze setting in with a frost at night. On Thursday morning-, before sunrise, the thermometer registered 37 degree*. Typhoid fever is gaining groiindj. and is. now vi ly serious'. The doctor is in a very critical state, and a now doctor bas arrived. The school has been closed for a fortnight in consequence of the fever. Utilizing Su auk's Flesh. — The number of sharks caught in Hobson's Bay since the offer of a reward for their capture by the Victorian Government no doubt lei an. enterprising resident of a suburb near Melbourne to seek a profit from their flesh. The Age. says : — ' We called attenr tion a day or two since to a sample of prussiate of potash-, manufactured from shark's flesh. The maker (Mr. Pf tt, oft Richmond) has now succeeded in making from, the same material two excellent colours — n dark green.and;a Prussian! blue; — which he can produce, he states, at less than.a^ third! of the price paid for tho imported article.' Condemned Chiminals. — It has been, determined! by the Executive Council that the sentence of death, passed: upon Thomas Newman, at the Into Dubbo. Assizes, for .the murder of Mary Ann M'Gregor, at Coonabarabran, shjtlL take effect ; but the sentence of death passed upon. tha- aboriginal, named John Simon, at the same sittings. of the Criminal Court, has been commuted; to. hard: labour for- life, the first three years in irons. The Alleged Outrage at the Big. BivEit. — A few days ago a paragraph appeared, describing- rtie supposed murder of a girl, 12 years of agOj. named Biismn Quinn. ' It was extracted from the Tit m worth Kotos ; but by a later issue of that journal we are. informed tlia* the death of the girl was caused most probably by an accident, i Tho Heirs says : — ' A good deal of mystery enshrouds the death of the girl Emma Quinn, and it is hardly possible the doubts surrounding the affair can be satisfactorily cleared up. It is, however, consolatoiy to have sojuc grounds for supposing that the poor girl psrishod by accident, and was not another victim. So far as we can now unravel matters, it seems to ub that the evidence as to- thu cause of the girl's death is by no means satisfactory, although we cannot speak positively on this point till we see the depositions. It seems incredible that at this season of the year, after less than three days' immersion in water, the girl's body should have been too far decomposed to admit of accurate examina tion, although the thing is perhaps possible. The girl was missed about 11 in the forenoon, an hour after she had been sent to the river to wash some clothes ; the place where her body was found is near her parents' home, and ia v surrounded by huts, and is not mare than half-a-mile from Binniguy station, which is in sight, and the girl's mother was not half-a-mile away dealing with a hawker at rka time when her death must ' have occurred. All these cir cumstances seem to point to tho girl's death being an acci dental one. There is a man named Hugh M'Cabc (who* with two mates, was camped near the station) under arrant on suspicion, but both he and his mates, we learn, giwe-a. very satisfactory account of their proceedings, and it (?tou seems that all three were at Eaton's station, asking for ?work, at the very time when the poor girl, by whatever means, came to her untimely end. It is very unfortamate the services of a duly registered medical practitioner were nqt obtainable at the inquest ; as, so far as we can, ascer tain, after careful inquiry, the evidence in this l-esjjoct ia very unsatisfactory.' The Big River Catastrophe. — It is satisfactory to learn that the circumstances attending the CootMtbarabran outrage have probably not been repeated in the north, as was at first reported. 'Particulars have been coiuttuuiicated. to the Tannrorth News which strengthen tlio supposition that the unfortunate child, Emma Quin, met her duath bv accidental drowning. The police, however, are still prose cuting inquiries into the matter. The Rvmocrej) Visit of the Pihnce or Wat.es to Austualia.— The following appears in the Aqc of Monday.— An English correspondent, whose position en titles him to know that of -which he wsftes, states in a letter by the incoming mail as follows relaViveto the visit of the elSF0!0* Wales t0 tuese colonies:— The visit of the Prince ot \\\ ales to Australia is considered as a settled thing The names of the specials for the different papers are generally mentioned m press company. Dr. Russoll will complete Ins knowledge of the world by a visit to the Aus trahas on behalf of the Times, 'Henry will represent the Mandard, Forbes the bail*/ News, Drew Gay (who. went out to India for the Daily Telegraph) will again represent that journal, and Messrs. Simpson, and Johnsaa tho Him trctcd JS net aud Graphic * The Mckicifai. Covncil. — The usual fortnightly meeting of the Municipal Council was held in the Town. hall on Tuesday, when the Mayor occupied the chair, and thirteen aldermen were present. The minutes of the pre vious meeting having been read and confirmed, p titions were received for a eewer in Beaufort- street, for the reduc tion of the street-watering rate as far as Oxford-street was concerned, for repairs to a lane between West-street and Barcom -street, and for the alignment of Stephen- street. The Mayor said plane for leasing the Kent Btreet property would be inade ready as soon as possible ; that no communication had been received from the Government relative to the removal of the Cumberland street watchhouse to a more suitable position ; that land required for eteps in Argyle-street would be dedicated to that purpose. He explained that the streets were left in darkness on Sunday night, because it was not usual to light the gag-lamps in them for two days after and preceding the full moon, and also said that due precautions had been taken to protect the Alfred Park property from tire. The report of the finance committee recommending certain accounts for payment was adopted. It -was agreed to submit a statement of the city- finances to the Executive Council, and urge upon them the necessity for «arly legislation for the improvement of the municipal revenue. The supplementary ward assessment books, re lating to houses erected or altered during 1876, were con finned, and it was resolved that a rate of Is. in the £ be levied Jjpon euch properties for general purposes during 1877- The supplementary water assessment -was also con firmed, and the Council resolved to levy a water-rate of 5s. per room in localities where watennains were laid. Alder man Young moved, — ' That the Council call for tenders for clearing and removing house rubbieh and street sweepings and depositing .same where required, such tenders to apply to each ward separately, and that the city surveyor prepare the necessary specifications.' The motion was fully dis cussed, but a majority of the aldermen present contended that, in the existing 6tate of the city funds, the work was accomplished as satisfactorily as possible, and eventually it ?was lost. A plumber'slioense was renewed to It. Thompson and the proceedings terminated. ' Art Union ok New South Wales.— In con nection with the New South Wales Academy of Arts it appears that the support afforded this year has not been »?o encouraging as on the former occasion, in consequence, probably, of personal canvassing not having been carried on to the same extent The principal object of the Art Union is to afford encouragement to artists, in this and the neighbouring colonies, who annually contribute, at no small expense and risk to themselves, the pictures, which form an attmctive exhibition at this period in each year. It can hardly be expected that artists can incur such expense and risk with out seeing any prospect of pecuniary remuneration ; and as the demand in Sydney for pictures of the class exhibited is practically nil, so far as regards private purchase, the Council of the Academy have endeavoured in the interests of artists to promote their sale by the means referred to. We are informed that an exhi bition of works of colonial art has been held at Melbourne simultaneously with our own, and it is but little creditable to the art culture- in this colony to learn that not a single exhibit has been contributed by artist or amateur of New South Wales to the Victorian Academy of Art, while our own Exhibition is so largely dependent for its attractiveness on contribution* from Melbourne ; in fact, but for these, und a watercolour painting purchased by the trustees of the Art Gallery from Mr. Gully of New Zealand, the Council could not have ventured this year to open the gallery to the public. We are further informed that the 'Art Union' in (ho eister coloay has (his year numbered 1500 subscribers, while our own shows evident signs of retrograding from even the small number of 256 subscribers who supported it last year. These results can be little satisfactory to those who, for six years past, have endeavoured to elicit an interest in our community in the annual gathering together of the work of artists and amateurs in this colony, as well as affording them the nieans of comparing its progress with that made in the adjoining colonies, more especially when added to the fact, of which we are also informed, that during the twenty ecven days on which the gallery has now been open it has teen visited by only 700 persons besides the members of the Academy. New Church of England Church at Gladesville. — Last Saturday afternoon, the Dean, of Sydney, acting as Vicar- general and Commissary of the diocese of Sydney in ibe absence of the Bishop froni the colony, laid the founda tion-stone of a new Church of England at Gladcsville, to be known as Christ Church. The friends from Sydney were conveyed to Gladcsville and brought back again to town in the steam yacht belonging to Mr. C. E. Jeanneret, who had given the use of it for the occasion. Although the ?weather was far from favourable there was a very fair gathering of people to witness the ceremony. In the ficryioes proper to the occasion, the Dean of 'Sydney was assisted by the Rev. Julian H. Rowsell, of Ail Saints', Hunter^e* Hill, with Gladesville, und chaplain to the Hospital for the insane at the last-named place. Under the stone wat placed a scroll narrating the circumstances con nected with the event, together with copies of the Sydney Morning Herald- and Australian Churchman. The scroll gave the names of the following gentlemen, as members of the Church Committee: — Messrs. E. M. Betts, John Folkard, William Cowell, Walter Campbell, James Frazer, K. J. Pearson, Willinm Coulter, and Rev. J. H. Rowsell (chairman). In the course of his address, the Dean of Sydney eaid — 'The work in which we have been engaged may be re garded aa one of much interest to the residents in thislocality , inasmuch as it is intended to supply the want which has been for some time felt by them, and which, we believe, will be conducive to their spiritual welfare. At present there is no building set apart for the worship of Almighty God, in which prayer *nd praise may be offered to Him, and His Holy Word preached according to the principles and prac tice of our Reformed Church of England. The absence, hitherto, of such .a building is a serious inconvenience. Without such a building, dedicated and set apart, within a reasonable distance of their homes, some arc unable to attend the church which is the next nearest to them; some arc deterred by tj-e want of suitable accommodation iu a temporary building ; while others ore wholly indisposed to do so. By the erection of this building for a house of God, all these difficulties may be met and removed. Here, the aged, the infirm, and the young may meet with the robust and healthy. Here all may find accommodation suited to their need ; and here the blessed Gospel will be preached, and praise and prayer offerod to the one Living and True God — Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. But the erection of a church in this place may be regarded in another point of view. A church in a town or village is a st inding witness for God to the people. It proclaims that there is a God whom men worship ; and a Christian church, such sis this in to be, proclaims that there is a Saviour for sinners, as well ae a God against -whom they have sinned, by whom they may be reconciled unto them.' The contribution' Laid on the stone at the close of the Commissary's address amounted to between £50 and £60, while assistance had been rendered by the Church Society. Among the subscribers were— the Bishop of Sydney £10, handed in before he left the colony ; and Mrs, Darvull £25. The new church which it is expected will be finished in about six months faces the Great Northern Bond. It is being erected by Mr. Peter Hall, builder, from the designs of J5r. Mansfield. The dimensions internally will be 33 x 24 feet. The style is Gothic, and the material cut freestone. The entrance will be by a porch, over which there will be a quatre-foiled window, while the end wall will be pierced by a trefoliatod light. The body of the church (nil be lit up by three gothic windows on each side. The building, which is beautifully situated overlooking Pennant Hills, Burwood, North * Shore, Sydney, and Bannain, &c.;, promises to be an ornament to the pretty suburb in which it is being erected. Troublesome Blacks in Xorthehv Queensland. —'We (Totctisrillc Argus) learn that the blacks are espe cially bad on the Lower Herbert, so much so, in fact, as to cause most of the settler* to continually move about with loaded firearms, which they also retain in close proximity during the night. AtWaterriew station the blacks have been trilling cattle in great numbers, as many as four aurata* having been found on a single camp ; whilst Mr. Miller, a settler, residing only seven miles from the native police barracks, bids fair, if thing* arc allowed to go on as has been the case lately, to be entirely ruined by the dusky cannibals, and that, too, very speedily. Every sweet potato has been abstracted from hie garden, u likewise over one hundred bunches of bananas, whilst his corn crop ie rapidly ^wwjjdiipK, Fatal Boat Accwkst. — On last .Saturday afternoon ? «Bother of those boat accidents for which our harbour is becominp too notorious occurred off the Quarantine station, ^nd resulted in the death of a young man named Robert '' l^ake, clerk in Messrs. Prince, Ofrg, and Co.'s office. i he 24-fect bouts Lottie and Halcyon, engaged in a race, i wi-re passing the Quarantine station, carrying squaresails, when the latter caught on the comb of a *ca , lurched heavi ly , filled, and went down. The accident was seen by a fishing parry on board the steamer Swansea, then anchored inshore, and they went with all speed to the rescue of the nine men belonging to the boat. The yacht Pert was close to the spot, and succeeded ' in picking up six, when the Swansea arrived, just as Mr. Blake was seen to ?disappear within reach of a line he was powerless to catch. Oncoming to the surface again bis clothes were caught with a boat-hook, and he was kept afloat while one of the steamer parry went down and passed a line round him, and he was hauled on board, as were also his companions. Everything that could be done to restore animation was then resorted to, and as the Manly Beach boat was seen coming, the Swansea ran alongside hoping to find a medical man amongst the passengers. Unfortunately there was none, and the steamer then made for Manly, hoping to be more successful there. Mr. Burnett, of the Pier Hotel, having seen the accident from the shore, had a room ready when the body was carried there, and efiorts to restore animation were renewed unsuccessfully. Dr. Saxc hurried_ to the hotel when he heard that his services were required, but, after a short interval, pronounced life to be extinct. Mr. W. Cope remained at Manly with ?the body-of. his dead 'friend, and another of the crew pro ceeded to Hunter's Hill to break the melancholy news to Mrs. Blako. Strange to say that almost simultaneously with the sinking of the Halcyon, the Lottie, then leading about 300 yards, when trying' to return to save the crew, also tilled and capsized off Little Manly point. She had, however, sufficient buoyancy to support her men until the Mystery steamer, from the pier, rescued them ; and then after aiding in rightin? the boat, towed her to Manlv. Experiments with Nouel's British Dynamite. — At Saunders's Pynnont Quarries Mr. M'Neill, from the British Dynamite Co.'s 'Works, Glasgow, gave a public exhibition before a number of gentlemen, on Wednesday 25th April, showing the use and safety- of Nobel's British dynamite. The first experiment given was in a hole 5 feet deep in the rock, iu which Mr. M'Neill placed 2 lbs. of dynamite, charged it, and set it oft1 ; the shot took effect, and removed about 50 tons of stone. This stone was of a very soft nature, and Mr. Saunders stated that it would have been impossible to have moved this quantity of stone by blasting powder, except by boring the hole some 12 feet deep. After this experiment Mr. M'Neill, to show the safety of the dynamite in the way of transit, threw a package containing 10 lbs. from the top of the clitf, u height of CO feet, to thn ground, it reiching there without bursting. The last experiment given was in a hole bored 13 feet in the rock. This was filled with A lbs. of dynamite; the charge removed about 300 tons of stone. Mr. Gaunders, and the other gentlemen present, considered the experiments highly satisfactory. We understand that before leaving Sydney Mr. M'Neill intends having some more public experiments of this dynamite. A Timely Girr. — There are but few occupations in which one is so exposed to the vicissitudesjof the weather or in thut of an omnibus driver ; and, as lie cannof curry ,m umbrella as he sits on the box. his coats and wraps require to partake somewhat of the voluminous character of those worn by Mr. Wcller, senior, of ' Pickwick,' in order that he may be both dry and warm in suoh weather as the piiescnt. We have noticed the presentation of various gifts made by grateful passengers to exemplary Jehus; but, there could scarcely be a more suitable or seasonable gift to a careful driver than that of :i handsome .overcoat, -such as that which has been presented to Thomas Teasdale, driver of the Murrickville omnibus. The overcoat was subscribed for by a number of gentlemen residing at Marrickville, and the presentation was nutdeon their behalf by Mr. Ware sllillH Aut in New Zealand. — A telegram from Welling ton states : — Signors Del Visoovo and Sian, Italian sculp tors, have just completed a marble statue of the late Dr. Featherstone, in Carara marble. Its cost is two hundred guineas, and it is considered to be the finest work of art ever produced in the colony. It has been specially re quested that it may remain here until its formal unveiling next week. The artists are about to go to Melbourne under contract for the execution of the G1 Council statue. Illtreating Animals.— There were several cases heard at the Water Police Court on Monday morning relative to the illtTeatment of horses and dogs, in which the inspector of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals prosecuted successfully. One of them was against the driver of a Waverley and AVoolIahra 'bus for kicking and bearing one of his horses, and another was against a butcher, at Woolloomooloo, for killing a valuable Newfound land dog. This last case appears to have dis closed unusual cruelty. The dog, it was alleged, ran into a butcher's shop, in which by the way there was no meat for it to steal, when one of the men threw a large knife at it that pierced its flank, and caused it to drop dead in the* road a few minutes after wards. The next case proved that a valuable bloodhound had been unnecessarily illtreatcd at Manly. The animal was shot in the fore paws so severely that it had to be drowned to put it out of misery. The paws were cut off by the owner, and subjected to low temperature at Mort's Works to preserve them until the case came on for trial ; otherwise the nature of the injury inflicted on the animal would have been so difficult to describe that it would have been hard to secure a con viction. Fatal Accident on the Ahaiut Railway Line] £-A telegram to the Argus states that the Ararat and Hamilton line has commenced its business opening with a fatal accident, Mr. Alexander Siuellie, one of the inspectors of works, Laving been killed yesterday morning by the first goods traffic up-train on the line. At the inquest held by Mr. Graham Webster, it was elicited that the unfortunate gentleman was struck by the buffer of the engine drawing the trucks, at about 10 o'clock yesterday morning. The train had just crossed the main BaUarat and Ararat road, and was passing through Oyerend's yard when deceased stepped on to the rail just in front, was struck on the body, and had his left leg nearly severed at t he ankle. The train was travelling at from eight to twelve miles an hour at the time. A loud whistle had been given twenty chains before, and again just before entering the ?yard.' The deceased was slightly deaf. Death was instanta neous, the skull being fractured by the force with which it was struck by the sleeper ends or some other hard substance in front. Deceased was not seen by the engine-driver until the train was upon him, as the yard is full of pile* of wood and materials obstructing the view. After a prolonged and careful inquiry, the Coroner left the caw? to the jury, remarking that it whs evident from this very accident itself that the rate of eight or ten miles an hour was uot a safe one through this crowded yard, and that he hoped for the future engine- drivers would be in structed from headquarters to slacken speed more than they were now doing. A verdict was returned of accidental death, exonerating all persons from blame. It is thought thiitidcceased, who was waiting until the line was clear to go down by a contractors' engine, mistook the whistle of the traffic engine for a signal from the contractors' engine, towards which he was moving rapidly when struck. De ceased was fifty-four years of age, ancl a married man with a family. He had been many years in die Government service, and was known as ua-iefficicnt and trusty officer. The Murray Bridge Catastrophe. — The Sieerinc Herald reports that thecoroner held an nquest on Tuesday, 25th ultimo, on the body of James Moore, the fourth victim of the Echuea accident, who died on the 2ifh from the effects of the injuries he had sustained. The evidence of Dr. Hinchcliff showed that the deceased was admitted into the hospital on the 16th ultimo. He was then sensible. On examination he found a compound com minuted fracture of the right leg, near the ankle joint. There was also a compound fracture of both bones of the left leg. There wa6 a transverse fracture of the left femur, and also a lacerated wound across the left elbow joint about three inches long. The right leg waB amputated just below the knee. From the time of bis admission he was more or less delirious, and there was no tendency to repair of any of the parts. The deceased sank, and died on the afternoon of the 23rd, about four o'clock. The cause of death was jj»e injuries described. t New Mrxicn-AL Legislation.— A meeting of jorongh mayors and aldermen was held at the new Temper ance Hall, on Wednesday, for the purpose of consider ing the advisability of urging the Government to introduce a new Municipal Bill into Parliament at the earliest possible moment, and to ascertain their intention with regard to municipal affairs generally. Mr. W. H. Piggott was voted to the chair, and amongst those present were representatives from Ashtield, Waterloo, Alexandria, Camperdoivn, and Red fern. as well as Mr. Pideock, the secretary for the Confer ence. The chairman having briefly stated the object of the meeting, and explained that, the Municipal Bill previously under the consideration of the late Committee of Mayors had lapsed in consequence of the Robertson Government going out of office, a resolution was affirmed that a deputa tion, consisting of those present, with power to add to their number, should wait upon the Colonial Secretary to ascer tain the intentions of the Government iu respect to the object in view. This, and a vote of thanks to the chairman, concluded the proceedings. Roy al Society of New South Wales. — The annual meeting of the above society was held on Wednesday at the ball of the Academy of Arts, m Eliza betli-srreetNorth. The chair was occupied by Mr. H. C. Russell, B,A., Government astronomer. The attendance, owing to the unfavourable character of the weather, was but small. The minutes of the previous monthly meeting were taken a e read. The annual report, which was read by Dr. Leibius, one of the hon. secretaries, showed that the progress of the society was very encouraging. The end of 1875 there were 176 members on the roll ; 132 new members were elected in 1876, niakinsf 308 members, of whom three died during 1876-77, and seven withdrew, leaving 298 members at the beginning of this session of 1877. A ballot took place for (he election of officers, which re sulted as follows : — Vice-Presidents : Rev. W. B. Clarke, and Mr. H. C. Russell. Hon. Treasurer: Rev. William Scott. Hon. Secretaries : Professor Liversedge, and Dr. Leibius. Members of Council : Hon. F. Lord, Mr. James Manning, Mr. Charles Moore, Mr. Christopher Rolleston, Hon. John Smith, Mr. H. G. A. Wright. All the old officers have therefore been re-elected. The chairman, Mr. H. C. Russell, road the opening address for the year, in which he nairated some of the more important scientific discoveries and improvements of the past vear. Newspaper Addressing Machine. — It is a matter of importance to newspaper proprietors to get their papers addressed with sufficient expedition and accuracy. To catch post, trains, or steamer in time is a source of constant anxiety to them, and in these days of rapid printing and large circulation the plan of writing the addresses on the papers themselves, or on the slips used in fastening them, must give way to more expeditious methods. There have been numerous inventions patented in England and America and elsewhere having for their object the substitution of printed for written addresses. The best machines are considered to be those patented iu America., and which aie generally designated ' mailers.' An adept can work these up to 5000 addresses an hour, and for wagers they have been worked up to 7337. The whole apparatus consists of ;i reel of three or four thousand addresses on a ribbon of paper — a paste-box with its ribbon — and cutting-oft', stamping, and feeding parts, all enclosed in a strong sheet-copper bellows-shaped box. This box is about 9 inches long, weighs about 5 lbs., cannot get out of order, and will hint for jours. . TIio addroesos are printed in sheets, and the paper cut into longitudinal strips and pasted together to form a ribbon. In America these sheets are kept as records of the day's issue, and nearly the whole book-keeping and correspondence with agents and subscribers is carried on by means of the labels — the different intimations being made by the colour of the paper used and the printing of significant letters or words upon the labels. The apparatus is, therefore, in American phraseology, designated a 'mailer and dunner.' Mr. J. S. Lynch, publisher of the Government Printing Office, and one of the Philadelphia rifle team representing this colony, finding this 'mailer 'used in some of the largest publishing rooms of the United States, was at the personal expense and .trouble of securing the right of using the apparatus, and brought one with him. This he put into use for the first time in publishing1 the Government Gazette on Tuesdaj last, and it was found that a lad, work ing it without practice, was easily able to keep up with the fastest printing machine, -so that the addressing took very little time. The Gazette was got to post on the afternoon sf its publication for the first time in its history, aud the services of a dozen or more lads for a full day were awed. Apart from the saving of time and the convenience which will attend the use of this apparatus, it is said that it will be Lhe means of saving the Government at least £300 a year in labour and paper. Railway Extension to the West. — The Free Press says that .on Saturday last the Mayor of Bathurst, Mr. E. Webb, received a telegram from the secretary of the Rail way Progress Committee at Molong : — ' Railway meeting now being held protesting .against the Assembly passing such a national question without Parliamentary division. W-e Fend petition to Upper House by Sunday's maiL Copy posted to you. Please adopt' The Mayor returned an inswer to the above to the effect that the Batliurst committee iad met and decided that it would be useless to take any further action in the matter, as the question had been settled ay the Assembly. Narrow Escape from Fire in Goulhurn. — On Friday night (the Herald reports) the premises of Messrs. Lane and Co., of Auburn- street liad a narrow escape from -emg the scene of a conflagration. It seems that the man yho has charge of the kerosene lamps by which the place is ighted left one of them burning under the shed in which he iad been cleaning them, and shortly afterwards it exploded, he oil running on and setting fire to the board on which it vas standing. Mrs. Lane was coming downstairs at the ime, and seeing the flames gave the alarm, and owing to icr excitement fell to the bottom of the stairs, but brtunately without sustaining any injury beyond a few H-uises. Mr. Lane and others ran out and extinguished he flames with buckets of water. 8anitary State op Newcastle ani- Sviiurbs. — Lccording to the statement of a coirespondont, Newcastle, he second city in the colony, would seem to be as much in iced of a Sewage and Health Committee as Sydney, and of anitary regulations and improvements. This corres londcnt complains of the filthy state of the thoroughfares in ome of the moi-e crowded parts of Newcastle ; while, from tis statements, the unhealthy condition of its suburbs would eem to be quite as decided and alarming. At the suburb if Tighe's Hill alone there had been no less than eighty ases of typhoid fever, and during the last month or two ialf-a-dozen deaths. This fever is very naturally attri mted by medical men to the influence of bad smells. Our lorrespondent wrote before the commencement of the pre «nt heavy rains, which will no doubt i n Newea«tle, i »in Sydney, have acted the part of scavenger in cleansing lighways and by-ways. Concealing a Man Charged with av Attempt to tli'KDEU. — On Tuesday morning, April 24th (the S. A. Register reports) a labourer living in Bowden, named John HillR, was brought before the City Police Court, :harged with harbouring William Cook, the man who ittempted to kill his wife in Adelaide by stabbing her on \\.pril 14. The evidence showed that Cook's clothes had -een found concealed in a flock bed on the premises of tlills, and subsequently Mills himself admitted that Cook anir to him on April 14. told him he had stabbed his wife, md he sheltered him, thinking there was no harm in it. 2ook has not yet been arrested. Mills was remanded. Koadside Hostemues in Acstralia.— Considering he amount of traffic on the main Southern Road (observes he Wagga Advertiser) it is surprising that the accommo lation at the various calling-places of the coa-h is so iufe ior. A journey is rendered all the more tedious in consc ience, for there is no break whatever to the monotony of peeding along, over rough roads and through an uninte esting bush country. At present travelling in Australia s rendered irksome, by reason of the slothful, indolent labits of the keepers of roadside hotels. To have a good ilazing fire ready to welcome the passenger, and perhaps ome warm soup or other seasonable cheer, is wyond their conception altogether. You have to rait for an hour or more in a cold, dirty bar, ?ecking of tobacco, and redolent of the fumes of stale colo dal beer ; and should you venture to partake of any spirit ?ou are likely to be poisoned with the worst of made liquors. Jotels are presumably licensed for convenience, but in the )Bsh of Australia a permit seems to be given to the publican o make all he can by selling the most pernicious drugs, in he shape of vines and spirits, and poisoning travellers on heir journey. A Bridge-way Blocked with Bullocks through a Lunatic Female.— A rather amusing incident is related by the Alhury Banner of Saturday. On Tuesday, 24th ultimo, a large u»ob of store cattle had just been taken over the bridge, when all of a suddjen at the narrowest part of the fenced-in road, the mob stopped short and manifested an unpleasantly strong desire to retrace their steps. Unable to comprehend this singular distaste for Victorian soil on the part of the bullocks, Mr. Edwards and his drovers urged them an by shouting and a liberal application of whipcord, all however to no purpose. Presently the cause of the refusal was seen in the shape of an elderly female who stood in the middle of the _ track, waving her hands, shouting and brandishing a remarkable red bundle in. the face of the astonished beeves, who declined to contest the right of the causeway with the energetic old party. The drovers at first imagined the lady to be a Customs' official — they had heard probably of the' recent introduction of the petticoat element into some of the departments of the public service, aud they no doubt thought it possible that the Victorian Government had appointed old women as inspectors of stock on the Border— and they accordingly endeavoured to moderate the display of official zeal by showing that all necessary formalities had. been complied 'with. They shouted out that it was all right, that they had duly obtained permission to cross, that they had pa id the necessary fees, &c.; But it was all to no purpose, the red bundle 'was still brandished, and the intruders still peremptorily ordered to 'go back;' the old lady in fact, like Macaulay's hero, remained mistress of the situation, and succeeded in 'keeping the bridge' against overwhelming odds. How long she would have held her ground it is impossible to say, but for the intervention of the Collector of Customs. The bullocks were beginning to get fractious, and the old lady indeed was in rather a perilous position when Mr. Ferguson who had seen the affair from the Custom-house, ran down to the spot and besought her to get inside the fence. The appeal was useless however, the red flag (or bundle) of defiance was still flaunted in the face of the enemy. The cattle were now abnost unmanageable ; packed into a solid uiass, they commenced to rear aud plunge, and every second it seemed as if they must' break away and trample the old lady to death. At this juncture Mr. Ferguson very pluckily went on to the road and seizing the lunatic by the waist dragged her to the side of the road and pinning her up against a post held her there until the mob had gone by. On being asked the reason of her extraordinary conduct, she quietly replied tlmt the cattle had no business on the bridge, but ought to have forded the river. Charge of Starring. — The Riverine Grazier reports that a young man, who gave the name of Henry Uwyer, was brought before the Hay Bench, charge with cutting and wounding a Chinaman named Ah Wing on the night of the previous Monday. The circumstances of the case, us given in evidence, are that accused came to the door of Ah Wing's house and demanded admittance,, threatening to break open the door if they did not open it. Wnen the door was opened he 'commenced searching for sometliing in the room. This proceeding was re sented by Ah Wing and some other Chinamen who were with him, who attacked him with opium pipes, &c;, and on Ah Wing trying to put accused out, the former received a blow from a knife, which cut through the rim of his hut, ami mndo 1111 ug-ly incision in his nosfi. Accused stated that he went there to look for a young woman named Mary AnnM'Carthy, and did not mean to do any harm ; he called Mary Ann M'Carthy as witness, but the evidence given by her and by another witness named Florence Has sell, was not regarded as of much importance. Prisoner was committed for trial. The Story of Two Paupers. — A.t the Yass Police Court, on Monday List (reported in the Southern Argus), two men named Sutton and Moore were brought before the Bench as vagrants. The story of the first man, Sutton, is that he was at work with Mr. Ramsay for a time, and he was seventy years of age. He was brought before the Court on the 17th March, when Mr. Hall sent him to gaol for fourteen days. Upon his being arrested at that time he told the constable he would go and stay underneath the bridge and die. He was released from gaol on the 31st of March, and from that time up to his arrest he kept going about from place to place, and could not work. He was at Mr. Hall's place at Y eumberra for a couple of days, and at another person's place for a few days longer, and he did not like stopping at any one place for a* long time. He did not know his own age, but thought he was seventy. He could not walk across a creek, and often had to turn back to get a stick to aid him to do so. He had neither nieans nor friends, and was a single man, and had been in the Yass district since 1828. Many years ago he had a bone broKea in his shoulder, and had never gone to a doctor with it. When sitting down at table he always felt ashamed as he could not use a knife to cu£his own food. He had nev-erjbeen in gaol. The state ment of the second man was that he had been the greater part of his life in an infirmary ; it was fifteen months since he_ was in one. He did not remember when he was ad mitted the last time, though since his discharge he had been walking about from place to place. He was subject to fit6, and took them about once every six months.. He was a painter by trade, but it was twenty-six years since he did any work at his profession. He was only in Yass a few days, and had come from the Lachlan district. The Police Magistrate did not think he was a fit person to be sent to a benevolent asylum, yet from the account given of him by the police he thought he was a man who should be kept under restraint, and required medical treatment, and therefore he would send him to Yass gaol for two months. Committal tor Perjury. — Henry Xj. Swift, who was arrested for perjury at the instance' of his Honor Sir William Manning, for 'having sworn that he was a legally qualified practitioner, in a recent trial, was brought before the Bathurst Bench April 26. The evidence taken was as follows, reported in the Free l'ress : — Senior- sergeant Waters deposed that he heard Swift swear before the Judge that he was a duly qualified medieal practitioner, and that his name was on the official list of registered persons pub lished by the Government. The sergeant produced the list last published, and upon that list the name of J. M. Swift, of Little Hartiey,appeared, but the date of that gentleman's registration was set down as 1851. When arrested prisoner stated that, owing to some unforeseen circumstance, his name had been put down as J. M., instead, of H. L. Swift. Constable Sooel deposed to having adminis tered the oath to Swift in the usual manner. Charles ; White, reporter for the Bathurst Free Presst deposed that he heard Swift declare on oath that he was a duly qualified medical practitioner, and that his name was on the list of persons registered by the Medical Board of New South Wales as such. Swift made a long statement in defence, to the effect that having sent bis name to the chairman of the .Medical Board he fully believed that it had been placed on the list, having heard that the name of Swift, of Little Hartley, appeared thereon. The Bench, after hearing the evidence, committed Swift to take his trial at the next Circuit Court to be held in Bathurst on the 22nd October next, or at such other Court as the Attorney-General might appoint. ? 