NEWS OF THE DAY. The familiar countenance of the hon, J, G. Francis appeared enco more in Oollins street to-day, Mrs Francis driving him round in the light family curricle, The hon. gen- tleman is apparently picking up rapidly iu health. There is a rumor current in the Civil Service, that when the new Publio Offices, Treasury Gardens, are taken possession of> n permanent hend of the service will be ap pointed, and this causes a flutter, as the billet will, no donbt, carry £1200 per annum with it. Among gentlemen1 who have beeB spoken of aB eligible are Messrs Odgers, G udemann, - and Tyler, It maybe remembered that about eighteen months ago, the Government were deliberating on appointing such an officer, but tho question was postponed until tho new Publio Offices were completed, There is at last every probability of the great Tichborne problem beiog thoroughly solved (says tho Ballarat Courier). It' will be remembered that a few days ago we Btuted that Warder Carroll, stationed at the Ballarat Gaol, served in the same troop with! Sir Soger Tiohborno in tbo 6th Oarbineora, and that he felt sure he could identify; the lunatic OreBswell, in tho Sydney Lunatic Asylum, if he is the baronet, This statement came under the notice of Mr W. H. Lock, of Melbourne, who is acting for the Tichborne family ; and yesterday Warder Carroll re ceived a lotter from that gentleman, enclos ing a photograph of Oresswcll, The moment Carroll saw the photograph he identified it as that of Sir Hager Tichborne; and he has since assured us that there is no doubt whatever in his mind that Sir Boger Tichborne and Oresswcll are one and the Kama person. 1 he photograph is that of a eparo figure, with a long haggard face aad sallow complexion, and, wilh the exception of tho hair about the face, agreeB minutely with the description givon of Sir Roger by the English papers. Warder Carroll intends to reply to Mr Lock in the spirit described, nfcobe; and it will then be for the friends of the Tichborne family in Melbourne 10 make such arrangements withtho Vic-, tcrian Government and Warder YiairoU as v. ill effectually clear up the Tichborne 11 yatery. The letter carriers' Saturday half holiday which wo have advocated in these columns, appears likely to bo adopted by the Govern ment, as the Chief Secretary stated in the . Legislative Assembly yesterday thathe would bring the earne under the notice of bis colleague the Postmaster General, with a view to its being carried into practice. Should the boon be gran ted, the postmon and the promoters of the early olosing movement will have reason to be grateful to the originator of thq proposition — Councillor Turner, of South Yarra. The new Bteamor Bosednle, which arrived on Saturda'y last, and ia intended for tho carrying trade on the GippBlaud Lakes is at present on the Government slip at Williams, town being fitted aud got iu readinesB to proceed shortly on her oonrs . She has i-bo appearance of being able! to carry a great quantity of cargo to a small draft of water, She has also been fitted with twin screws, thus enabling her to turn her own length in a very small space. It is likely she will prove of great profit to her owners, About' forty gentlemen assembled at the Town Ball, Footscray, < Inst evening, and formed themselves into a committee, . with power to add to their number, for the! purl pose of devising some means to show the appreciation, and recognise the liberality of the Mayor (Or Newell) in the! late grand ball given by that gentleman to the residents. It was ultimately decided . that a return ball should bo given on the 23rd November, nnd a Btnall working com mittee was appointed to carry out the neces sary arrangements. It is expected that there will be a great number avail them selves of the occasion to show their feelings l he Mayor, he having given one of tho best entertainments ever held in one of the suburbs. John Olaffey, who was charged the other day, at the City Police Court, with bigamy, wsb brought up on remand this morning. The first marriage in Sydney was proved- by the sister-in-law of Mr Olaffey, who, wit nessed the marriage, and the second wife, Ellen Dalon, proved her marriage to him in Roscommon, Ireland, from where he re turned to Melbourno in the Essex. As there were witnesses to be examined, the further bearing cf the charge was postponed !until Tuesday next. There appears to be a great amount of indignation amongst a great number of men who ate generally employed, in coaling the R.M.8, ships and other vessels at Williams- town. It appears that the local men are gene rally engaged for this work at the rate of twelve shillings per day._ They now complain that a number of outsiders from Sandridgei and Melbourne have taken the ; work from their hands, and only receive nine shillings per day. On the other hand, the contractor for coaling the vessels complains that at This season of the year, when a number.of men are wanted for loading , wool into the homeward bound vessels, his regular : men leave him and go to this kind of employment No doubt, a meeting between the men and the contractors would arrange mattera j but if not done, it may some day result,inno men being found to take the coaling business. Mr Silberberg, the owner of the | Cap favorite Woodlands, has offered a reward of £100 for the discovery of the malicious Bcoundrel who attempted to lame the horse by throwing a broken bottle and other things into the animal's loose-box. It is to be hoped for the credit of the racing (com munity in general, that the perpetrator of ths scoundrelly act will be discovered, j The man Rook, who has beon remanded more than once at the City Court on a charge of forgery, was fully committed for trial this morning on a charge of uttering a forged acceptance for £40, The particulars of tho case have been previously given. Thero are two other charges against him, the further hearing of which ie postponed, The bnsiness at the Emerald Hill Police to-day, wae not of an interesting nature. Alfred Oloveland, the driver of a lorry, was fined 20s, with 31s costs, for nogligent! driv ing, by whioh he drove into and injured a buggy belonging to John Giles King, Francis Jennings was fined 20s, with 7s Od costs, for having removed loam from Crown 'land without a license, | The Geelong Advertiser says that it seems to have taken the Prince Alfred Reception' Committee of 1867 a long while to discover that they hada balance to credit after pay- all expenses, as the Mayor yesterday received £46 8s 8d from the Committee in aid of the Hospital.Snnday fund, This money b&b; been in the hands ef the Corporation since, bnt it is doubtful if any interest has been allowed for its use, It is surprising that it has .token ten years to discover that there was a balance on the right .side of the ledger in connection with the accounts. The money might havo boon put ( long since to the use to which it has novy boon applied, | Through an oversight it was stated ;n onr yesterday's isBne ' that the amateur) per formance at the Prince of Wales Opera Honse, in aid of the Indian Famine Fond, was to have taken place yesterday evening. It Bhonld have been next Tuesday, thd 30th inat. SJRrom the Geelong Advertiser we loarn . that a pedestrian matoh is to take place in Melbourne on tho 17th Novombcr, between J.Martin of Geelong, and James Robertson of Molboumo. Thero are three distances to be run, viz., 100 yardB, 160 yards, and 200 yardB, and the matoh is for £60 a-BidejEach runner bus deposited a sum of £10 as an earnest of hiB intention to oomo up to the scratch. Robertson Is well-known in the metropolis as a very fast man at the short distances, so that the spins are bound to bo closely! contested, 'seeing that' they are atoo Martin's favorite distances. Robertson was once famous in the foot-ball field for his accomplished " rabbitting," While the pnblio hears with gratification of tho convalescent stato of the hon, J. G. Franois, it may not be ont of place to recal a piece of forethought on his part, while in office, which is likely to prove of signal value to this country, fclevon years ago it was decided, with tho approval of the Homo Government, to adopt a Votorian flag, tho Southern Cress on a British ensign, The importance of the fact that it waves over the Cerberus at present may not be apparent on the first sight. Had the Oerborns been merely lent to us by the British Government, as the New South Wales Go vernment propose to borrow an ironclad, it would be liable to removal by the Commo dore in chargo of the station to any quarter be ohoso, and might thus be away just at the moment it was required. Neither Commo dore Hoskins; nor any British officer, .can lay hands on the Cerberus, which is entiroly at the disposal of the Victorian Minister of War — the Treasurer. Before the vessel) was obtained, doubts were suggested of how matters would be in that regard if she ,was under the British flag, and this led to: the adoption of tho Victorian flag. ) -The local correspondent of the Ballarat Htar writes : — "In the grounds of a pro minent resident at Snako Valley maybe seen what I believe to bo a rare produotion of tho feathered world in A stato of domes tication, viz., three young emns. They are now about a month old, and are healthy chicks, about the Bizo of a rospectablo Rra- mab, tho period of incubntiou having been nine weeks. A large quantity of eggs pf a beautiful dark green color, which have been generously distributed, were laid by thol hon bird during tbo past season. These ! fowls of the future' seem to possess on a larger scale all tho advantages of smaller kinds, with. ono exception, they don't crow. But in this instance it is no drawback — tho owner does it for them." ! Frost (says theOolac Horald) made its np- pcaraocc in a severe form on bunday night in the Colac district. Our contemporary learns that the potatoe crop has suffered a great deal in consequence. An agreeable surprise wan prepared for a large assemblage of ladies aud gentlemen at the Atliemeum Hall last night, on the occa sion of Mr G. H. Smart's annual ball to his friends nnd pupils. The surprise consisted in several of Mr Smart'B young lady pnpils dancing a double Spanish dance, a minuet by four pupils, and "La Oracovienad" by a single lady pupil, in the centre of the room, during the brief intervals between the ordinury dancing; and for graco, pose, and lightness of step, tho most inverate admirer of calisthenics could not fail to approve and applaud. If all Mr Smart's pupils are as graceful in the art as these young ladieB they cannot bnt do him infinite oredit, | The Pleasant Greek Obronicie says The rain of the laat week does not Boom to have been general to the southward, as we jhoar of several parishes beyond Ararat not blessed with a downpour. North of Stawell, how ever, there was a good fall, and the result is most beneficial, It was juBt what was re quired for hundreds of paddocks, anfi ub general result will be worth thousands sterling to the district, The warm suns of this . week will com plete tbo good work, and if not prolonged unreasonably, the harvest will be ! one to bo remembered in very many districts. Even the late sown crops, which are short, and will furnish scarcely any straw, are to yield fairly with the atrippor. Avast num. ber of machines exhibited at the recent show have found, aud aro finding their way northward, and will doubtless be fully, em ployed, in consequence of the increased area under crop this year. AdviceB from Donald state tbat reaping will commence almost immediately in Bome of the oat crops in (that district, which are said to be very forward. The coBt of " dressing" the stage in Paris is something alarming. Mr Halnnzier) the director of the opera, is especially lavish in his outlay at that . establishment. The im mense outlay ho has been at for bringing ont Le Roi do Lahore is, however, only a return to the precedents of former days. The Tour Euchantee, a ballet played at Versailles, cost £10,000, and 722 magnificent costumes were made for it. In 1773, tho sceuery 1 and dieeses of Beilerophon cost £14,000. Under the Empire; thiB extravagance was curtailed ; nnd, of late, tho scale of outlay was. still further cut down, Don Oarlos costing) bat £6000 ; Hamlet, £4320 ; and Faust, £4444. A remarkable invention, a correspondent informs the Army and Navy Gazette, is about to be patented by an eminent firework firm for the use of any future autumn manoeuvres. In stage language, it may bo described as an . application of " property" ammunition to the pnrposes of war, and it Beeks to establish a perfeot analogy between tactics and fencing. By means of this disco very two opposing forces will be enabled to "pink" one another at the present ranges with " practicable " bulletB, cannon balls, and shells, which, bursting'harmlcssly, a la soap-bubbles, as they strike, will determine the exact amount of the casualties. It is thought that if rival cavalrymen and their steeds were only encased in buckram armour inflated with air, so that they might impact without injury in the charge, nothing more could be desired, as the invention retains all the old fire, noise, and smoke, aud is, of course, applicablo to " minor tactics." The Otago Daily Times says that there ia a ghost at Mount Ida. At least a corres pondent writing to the local paper avouches that he Baw one, He says : — 11 Preparatory to retiring to bis bachelor couch, somewhere about the ' witohing hour of night,' ha 'pro ceeded, as was his wont, to count his cash before depositing his treasure in the strong box. While opgagod in this duty, suddenly Bn unusual noise attracted his attention, and looking up he distinctly saw a figure of an old man with bald head and flowing white beard, and with a very palpable wound in tho forehead—' ghastly to behold,' The gentle man, finding that there existed some reason to suspect the security of his treasure, immediately challenged the intruder, and rushed to tho mantelpiece to fetch bis revolver, determined to defend his property even with his life. The revolver secured, be returned to where he had ob served the figure, but to bis amazomout found that it was no longer visible, bnt)hnd ' become air, into whioh it vanished.' Not a little disconcerted at the termination of an affair whioh at first seemed to savonr of the seriouB, he carefnlly examined all the looks, boltB, and bars ' of the establishment, ) and , found all locked, safe, sound, and in good order." Probably the narrator, like the Scotch lady, saw " twa moons the nioht." The following relates to a gentleman1 well known in Melbonrne : — Mr Oroumbie- Brown, a versatile journalist, is (says a Christoh'uroh contemporary) going to entertain the people of Invercargill with a lecture on " Tho Pross," in the course of whioh, tho programme states, " the lecturer will take the audience in-4-and Bhow them how a newspaper is made from beginning to end, from its commencement as Bn old rag er tussock of grass, to its delivery by the runner at 7.30 a.m. sharp. In (con nection with this part there will be made some startling disolosuros of the iniquitios of the Press, and awful exposnres of the de praved lives invariably led by editors." It .is also stated, that the lecture will consist of several parts (of speech), and an , interval during which gentlemen will havo' time to run across the streot and post letters, > Last evening, at the Mechanics' Institute, 'Footscray, a very sociable and onjoyablo reunion among the denominations of the distriot took place, nnder the ansDices of the Mutual ' Improvement . Society, Thero was a very good attendance, nnd n moBt ploasant evening wbb. spent. These gatherings have taken place since tho Dev. H. p. Soott, Minister o? St. John's ObHreb of England, arrived and took charge. They have been , found to be of a character tending to unite members of tho society and denominations with their friends together, and thus spending a few hours oeoasionallv to. manner conduoive to the interests of The boxing entertainment at Ohristln Athletic Hail, last evening, in nid 0f t|,8 Indian Famine Fond, was only meaerelv attended, but thero were somo excellent sets- to. Christie had an encounter with Hioken and with Sailers, and the science displayed was admirable, and well deserved the an. plause whioh thoao present heartily l>n stowed. At Tnttorsall's rooms, tliUoroning, Mr Jolia Thorn., son will bo presented with n handsome gold cun Thi movemont for tho presentation lias boon on foot over siiico a pugilistic onoountqr that took placo some tln» inco. v 