MR. GILLIES AT HIEATHCOTE, \--35 The Lion. Duncan Gillio, addressed a public meeting at the Town Hall on Isaturday evening last. The Mayor P. O'Mlera, Esq occupied the chair, and called upon those present to give the candidato a f:eir he:arine, for which he stated taeo leathcoto peoupl were always noted. The Hall was crowd ed, and on Mr. Gillies mounting the platform he was received with loud and continued cheering by his friends and supporters, who appeared to muster in a very large majority, and boo-hovieg from his opponents. In a v?ry short time, however, order was obtained, and the speaker listned to with interest, the few who vanatured, as they no doubt thought, unfavourable interjections to Mr. Gillies being met with such smart and unauswerablereplica as to induce them to take a back seat, and call forthl the laughter of the whole housec-oI both supporters and opponents. . Mr. Gillies on rising, recommendle those who boo-hooed to retain their boo- hoos till after the meeting and then they could boohk too the Elections and Qualifications Committee as much as they liked. He Considered that the circumstances which caused him to come before them again, in which no previous candidate in the electorate had been placed, fully entitled him to a fair and impartial hearing. Only a few mnathlsagoh appeared beforethem to solicit their sutfrages, when he stated his opinions, antd they returned him as one of their representatives to Parliament. If they considercd hitm good enough to be their lepresentative then, they must admit that nothing had transpired to alter their confidence is him, and in view of the deep injustice dune hint, to deny him a fair hearing now. Thu petition was presented against him on four grounds. The flirt that the ballot papers were not numberetd by the deputy returning officer; the second that soeto electors had voted twice; the third that he or his agents had been guilty of bribery and undue influence, and the fourth that he was guilty of wholesale undue ihfluence and bribery, inasnubch a he had hurried out the leases to the selectors. On the first charge the committee decided unanimously in favour of not striking off the names of the voters. In his opinion it would have been a most serious injuotice to pu)ishi innocent men by disfranchising them because their numbers were not written on the corners of the ballot papers. The second charge that electors had voted twice was'abandoned. The third charge was that he had bribed or influenced thirty electors, the first on the list being Hugh M tKenzie in that he isnted him a lease when he was not entitled to it. HIo was of opinion that Hugh M'Kenzie had substantially complied with the regulationu and was entitled to his lease, and that it had been inproperly withheld and he gaveit to him. (A voice - On the eve of an election). If that person was entitled to a lease on the evo of an election he would consider himself hardly lealt with if he had to wait till the election was over before he got it, It was aitlempted to be shown that Hugh l'lKoizio had not complied with the residence clause, hut theo evidence of the olicecro of thu department went to show that he had, ;nd surprise was exprcssed that the lease had not been issued before. The Commuittee decided that he had not made use of bribery or undue influence. As regards the fourth chargo of wholesale briboery anl undue influence in hurrying out the leases, it would be remembered that he was charged by the petitioner with delaying the issue of the leases in order to hilluence th election. After the petition was presented the petitioner turned right round and said that he had not delayed them but endeavoured to have them hurried out unduly. Was it a crime, he would, ask to issue leases to selectors who were entitled to them. Assuming that heahad; issued the leases to the seoleotors, what other effect would it have but to give the selectors an. opportunity of going indopen. dently to the poll, and exorcising the franchise the way they pleased. For instance if a-person owed a bank some money, with an election coming ou, and the banker said "look here Joe, if you don't vote for Thomas I will make you pay all the money you owe me next day." That wonld be undue influence. nut if he were in a position to pay the day before, could he not say that he would exercisatho franchise as he liked.- That is what an elector in possession of his lease before May last could say to any candidate. He would be in aposition to go to the ballot box with his lease int his hand and defy everybody. About four years ago the largest settlement that ever took place was made in the Echocoa survey district. At the end of three years the selectors would be. in' a position to apply for their. ,leases, but, in consequenceo of defective surveys delay',was caused by re Surveys having tobe made. It had been shown that complaints had been made of the do. partmensntdelaying the issue of the leases, but as soon as the selectors were entitled to them, the department in order that it could not be said that they were unduly kept back, decided to issue them as soon as possible. It was the issue of those leases that caused the observations to be made that they wereissued out of proportion to those of other districts. The charge that they had been unduly in. fluenced he looked upon as a gross insult to those selectors, The principal charge was that he had issued leases to the electors, but no one attempted to show that he had issued a lease to a person who was not entitled to it, or that he issued it an hour before the day he was entitled to it. Tho othertwoenty-nine caseawere abandoned. The eSamlnation:lasted for two or three months, bit was not confined to the petition. It was .afishing inquiry into his administration of the Lands Department. The Committee did not cari one re.aw about the petitioner or hew much money he spent, but only hoped to find one case against him. He was glad that the inquiry had taken place.- His greatestenemies could not bring forward one case that affected his administration of the Lands Department, and all he could say was that the inquiry had been in no way credit able to them but highly creditable to him. self. Notwithstanding the number of charge:s that had been brought before them, they could not find one that they could hang an argument on. It was a matter of great im portanco to get him out of Purliament. It was stated that the person who drew up the petition said there was no case, but that it must be presented; that the Qualificationsr Committee would be such that he (Mr. Gillies) would not have a ghost of a chance. But after doing all they could do they were compelled to aquit him or his ageuts of having done anything wrong. IIo would ask if any man would like to be tried by his enemies. He considered that no higher honor could be bestowed upon him tlan to bh tried by his etemies and acquitted by them. They said that neither he or his a-ec'ds:; had done wrong, but that somebody ebi had done wrong and Ihe imuist loso his seat. If they had the ghost of an argumeont or the semblanc of an argument against him thov would have given his seat to his oppl)ienti buthodid -not believe that a majority in Parliament would do him such an injutstice. Yet he was not at all sorry at what lihad taken place, and that he had an opportunity to appear before the electors and ask thema if they have not been iubnlted by the verdict of the Committee. Nio one would consider it flattery to be chargel with violatirng Ilis cillscitenci?t~lo opinion, if he was worthy the nallme of a miiin. lie beliored the electors of Itodlmy exerciscd their fraiinchise- a the last election in .as ifair :an iriirartiial ia mianiier as thu-e of any othler district in the colony, anld he alao blelieved they would rc-estnt tire insult oil'er.ed to them t andl vote fior him on the prie -t c ,:-;siou, for the purpuo-e t?f ipovinig thllir love of fair play, and he would taker care that the gooud name of the electors of i..lr,.y wi:, nrt troddenult in the dust. He would aisk thie iii to record their voiles from a fe.lir-'r of w t thy thoy think just and right, Sanid if thul do thait ihe woull tlot fear the DUaing the colsee of his lpecch, Mr. Gillie ' was fre'ltunitly cheltwre. and applau ded, and at its couhMsiun the tokens of ap pr'val were loud and long- continued. In answer to Mr. J. \\\alles, the candidate stated th;: wat whahe said at the last clection was that he bdienrl the re-aurvey of Laugworuor was comupleted, having been previously in formed that the re- urve? had been completed but not jllotted. It afterwarda turned out the re-surrey of the northern portion had been completed. He did not consider it a matter of the slightest importance to the election either one way or the other. (We can bear Mr. Gillies out in thsh tatcteut, as his answser at the last election was repultled in this paperat the time, and thucorrectnles- o our report with reference to it lais never been ehallcnge ,I.) M1r. J. Aitlen moved that in the oninion of this meeting the lion, Dlncant Gillies has been vely untjustly treated by th Electilons and Qualilicaltions Ct'unlittee, and the elecctor; of Riodney have been insulted by the absurd and unfair decision of that Cou1 InittCO, Mr. J. I'Kee seccoded the reeolatiorn. Mr. J. Walles rose to move as an amend. meent that Mr. Gfillies had been fairly tleated by the Conmmittee, but cuch uproar prevailed that we cannot c?y if it was seconded. Mr. J. Scott got up to also move an amend. nmett, when the confusionl became worse con founded, and he was ultimately compelled to hand in one written on the spot, that in the opinion of this meeting the decision of tho Elections and Qualitications Committee is not an inLult, and the ballot will decide the question. The resolution was carried, the show of halns being greatly in its favour. 1Mr. Cillie briefly returned thanks on his own behalf, and after Iloving a vote of thanks to the chairman, the meeting dis. persed. 