THE NEWS BY THE MAIL. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] The following are the letters of our European correspondents, transmitted by telegraph from Adelaide : HISTORY OF THE MONTH. (FROM OUR OWN 00BBE3P0NDBNT.) LONDON, Nov. 22 THE EASTERN CONFERENCE The Eastern question has at length been remitted to the consideration of a European conference. The intervention dreaded at the commencement of the year seems now likely soon to become an accomplished fact The Marquis of Salisbury, as the special ambassador of England, has started this week for Constantinople, where the conference will be held, and has already on his way conferred with Marshal MacMahon and the Duke de Games at Paris, and with the Emperor of Germany and Prince Bismarck at Berlin. His appointment to this high duty has given general satisfaction There is a special fitness in his selection. As the Secretary of State for India he beat represents our relations with Mohammedan powers, and is accustomed to deal with Oriental difficulties. Ilia vigorous intellect, and independent judgment give him also claims upon our confidence, as well as his skill in debate and his recognised power in defending a position. The armistice is already far advanced, Of the two months allotted for it one has nearly elapsed, but the basis of the conference and the possible solutions of the present difficulty have been fully discussed. Will it develope a fatal difference of opinion, or end in a concert which will postpone the great catastrophe J Public opinion trembles in the balance. Will it be war or peace? The seizure of Constantinople appears to be the only contingency which might tempt this country into the field, but after the recent declarations of the Czar that event is impossible, for this year at least. The idea of a conference had for some time been growing in favour, but it remained for our Government formally to propose one, and when proposed to overcome the reluctance of the Forte in acceding to it, A despatch, addressed by Lord Derby to Sir Henry Elliott, distinctly defines the basis of deliberation 1 Autonomy of the dependencies and the territorial integrity of the Ottoman empire. 2 Ade claration that the powers will not seek for any territorial advantages, any exclusive mining ence, or any concession with regard to the commerce of their subjects, which those of every other nation may not equally obtain. This declaration was made on September 17, 1840, in the protocol for the pacification of the Levant and again on August 3, 1866, in regard to the pacification of Syria. 3. The basis of pacification proposed to the Porte on the 21st of September, viz. sea) The status quo, speaking roughly, both as regards Servia and Montenegro, (b) That the Porte should simultaneously undertake, in a pro- posed to be signed at Constantinople with the representatives of the mediating powers, to grant to Bosnia and Herzegovina a system of local or administrative autonomy by which is to be understood a system of local institutions which shall give the population some control over their own local affairs, and guarantees against the exercise of arbitrary authority. There is to be no question of the creation of a tributary state. Guarantees of a similar kind to be also provided against maladministration in Bulgaria. The reforms already agreed to by the Porte in the note addressed to the representatives of the powers on the 13th of February last, to be included in the administrative arrangements for Bosnia and Herzegovina, and so far as they may be applicable for Bulgaria. It will be observed that these preliminary bases entirely shut out from discussion the scheme advocated by Mr. Gladstone. General Ignatieff is credited with a programme of another kind covering the following points: 1\. General disarmament of Turks and Christians in Bosnia, Herzegovina, and Bulgaria. 2\. The election of all officers by the parishes, none but natives being eligible, 3\. The formation of a militia and a police, to consist of Christiane and Mussulmans, in proportion to the numerical strength of each denomination. 4. The concentration of the Turkish troops in certain towns to be fixed in advance. B. The disbanding of the ir o. regular troops, and the return of the Circassians to the purely Mussulman provinces. 6\. The abolition of the practice of farm, rig-out taxes, and the replacement of tithes by pecuniary interests to be fixed with the concurrence of the ratepayers. 7 The use by the courts and administrative authorities of the Slavonic languages spoken in the various provinces 8 Pbe convening of an assemblage of notables to advise the conference upon the administrative reforms to be introduced 9 Christian governors to be appointed by the Porte with the consent of the powers for the three provinces toofliciatouveor six years 10 The punishment of all persons concerned in the late horrors and the indemnification of the families who have suffered 11 The institution of consular commissions to superintend the carrying out of the above reforms Here there are subjects enough for debate, but no mention is made of any fore ya occu- pation The conference will probably assemble at the beginning of next month and further Speculation is now useless THE LAST DAYS OF THE CAMP UGN The events by which this conclusion has been reached although from week to week the end yet of innumerable rumours may now be recalculated in brief It was generally assumed when the six months armistice offered) by Turkey was rejected by Servia that the latter was the better prepared for a winter campaign The Servians on the first declaration of war, had signally failed when they advanced beyond their own frontier but though driven back they were not crushed They stood at bay and with such success that the Turks in their turn made but scant impression on their lines of defence While however the negotiations for an armistice were still pending the Turks made a desperate effort to improve their position by means of reinforcements pushed rapidly to the front A series of engagements was fought from the 10th to the 23rd of October in which they gained great advantages fighting with all the old bravery which for centuries has made them history early famous Still pressing forward they attacked and carried on the -"all the heights of Dennis which have been regarded as the key of the Servian post ion This disaster was ascribed to the refusal of the Servian ar Hillery to fight. The Russians fell in numbers It is said that one of their regiments lost 700 out of 1000 men but all their efforts to stem the advancing torrent proved an availing The Serf ian army was cut in two and compelled to retreat in disorder Crowds c f fugitives from every town and hamlet round choked the mountain passes Belgrade was stricken with panic. On the 31st the Paris occupied Alexinatr which had previously been evacuated and subsequently Deligrad General Tchernaieff abandoning the defence of Krusevatz made an effort to reanimate the severed portion of his army at Stoltz where the two Moravaa meet. The heat of drums summoned all men fit to bear arms, to report themselves for immediate service but the disorganisation was complete The Servian militia refused in fact to continue the contest Some say in oo wards or from weariness of the war the custom of desertion having become common and others Bay under irritation at the bearing of the Russian officers But from whatever cause they have conducted themselves in a manner that has brought the severest reproaches upon them When Prince Milan hastening back to his capital passed through Caratohin the wounded by scores were Uttering the gutters of the streets. The snows of winter had begun to fall. Wretched fugitives and sick soldiers, wrote a friendly correspondent from the same town a day or two later, "sodden with rain and melted snow, and frozen with cold, are dying like rotten sheep. The inns on the route are crammed like herring barrels with third-class reserve men going up to the front, and with sink and wounded on the way down. The Russian officers and men are departing en masse. The roads are thronged with Servian atragRlers, with fugitive peasants leaving the front, with half frozen children perched on ox waggons, and women tramping through knee-deep liquid mud, There is utter disorganisation everywhere, and the profoundest misery among military and civilians alike." THE RUSSlÄFuLTIMATUM. It was at this crisis that the Emperor Alexander intervened. On the evening of Monday, the 30th of October, the day after the capture of Tunis, and probably the very day that the news reached Lavadia, an order was despatched direct by the Czar to General Ignatieff, insti- acting him to demand the conclusion of an armistice within 48 hours. If an effectual and unconditional armistice was not granted within that period, and all military operations were not stopped, the Russian ambassador, with all the personnel of the Imperial embassy, was immediately to leave Constantinople. Probably nobody was more surprised by this ultimatum than General Ignatieff himself. He had but lately returned to his post, where his bluff and outspoken ways have sometimes made him, in spite of his policy, more acceptable than other re- monstrance. Only two days before-that is on Saturday, October 28 he had had a private audience of the Sultan, and had subsequently taken part in a conference with the ambassadors of the other great powers. It was then understood that the Porte would accept a proposal for a two months'' armistice, with the proviso that it should be prolonged at the end of that term should the course of the negotiations require it. It will be remembered that Russia, after declining to accede to the Tar. kish proposal of a six mouths' armistice, to which our own Government had given it assent, had fallen back on the original proposal of England for one of two months. This preliminary question seemed, therefore, virtually settled, or on the verge of settlement, when the Russian ultimatum startled Europe, It urged, however, the instant and unconditional cessation of hostilities, and so undoubtedly advanced the issue by at least a few days. General Ignatieff was directed to represent that the guaranteeing powers having agreed to lay down as the basis of pacification the maintenance of the status quo ante bellum in Servia and Montenegro, the military operations there being executed by the Ottoman troops constituted a useless effusion of blood, and as the change of the last few days had assumed proportions that must wound the sentiment of humanity, without being able to lead to any result, the Emperor, his august master, could not any longer tolerate it in presence of the delay experienced in the negotiations for a restricted armistice. The presentation of this ultimatum changed at once theaspeotof affairs. Ithadbscomoevi dent that the Porte had procrastinated, in the hope of obtaining by one great final effort on the field a vantage-ground in the negotiations that were seen to be inevitable. It was still possible that in the elation of victory fresh objections might be interposed, during which the Turkish army might press forward on the road to Belgrade. This intervention of Russia effectually checked all such projects. It has been said that there was no reason for it except that it gave that power the appearance of being dictator of the situation. What- ever its motives, the act could not but have great political significance, It placed the Czar at once en rapport with his people, for it was the natural sequence of the policy which had allowed the Russian emigration into Servia that he should not be silent in the moment of a Supreme disaster involving so many of his own subjects. The extent to which Servia was dependent on Russian aid becomes now really apparent. But on the larger field of European politics this ultimatum operated as a disturbing in tinonee It revived the uneasiness with which the designs of Russia had been discussed, and was regarded in many quarters as the prelude to a great war. The compliance of Turkey with the demands of the Czar was immediately followed by the necessary arrangements for carrying out the armistice, and a military commission, in which all the powers are represented except Germany, is now engaged in the work of demarcation. General Their names had proposed to revisit Russia, but has been forbidden to enter that country. AN AUDIENCE OF THE CZAR. Lord Loftus, the English ambassador in Russia, was staying at Lavadia, whither he had gone on a special mission, at the time of the despatch of the ultimatum He sought on audience of the Emperor Alexander, and was received with the utmost courtesy. The conversation which followed Lord Loftus has minutely reported in a despatch addressed to Lord Derby. This despatch was submitted to Imperial revision, and has this week been published in this country, at the request of the Russian Cabinet It is one of the most interesting and important documents we have yet seen bearing on the subject. The Emperor explained that it was the intelligence he had received of the complete dis com fi ture of the Servian army, and his fear that it might be followed by atrocities similar to those perpetrated in Bal game, which had induced him to send the ultimatum. Passing to the general question, he reviewed with great calmness, step by step, the past negotiations, asserting that the Porte by a series of manoeuvres had rendered ineffectual all the attempts of collective Europe for arresting the war, and for securing a general pacification His Majesty then said, that if Europe was willing to receive these repeated rebuffs from the Porto he could no longer consider it as consistent either with the honour, the dignity, or the interests of Russia. He was anxious not to separate from the European concert, but the present state of things was intolerable, and could no longer be allotted to continue, and unless Europe was prepared to act with firmness and energy, he should be obliged to act alone Referring especially to his relations with England, The Czar said he regretted to see that there still existed here an inveterate suspicion of Russian policy, and a continual fear of Russian aggression and conquest He aimed at no aggrandisement, and he had not the smallest wish or intention to be possessed of Constantinople. The passage which follows touches upon questions which have largely occupied public writers and speakers. "All that had been said or written," continues Lord Lof true, respecting the statements of the Czar about the will of Peter the Great and the aims of Catherine II. were illusions and phantoms. They never existed in reality, and he considered that the acquisition of Constantinople would be a misfortune for Russia. There was no question of it, nor had it over been entertained by his late father, who had given a proof of it in 1828, when his victorious army was within four days' march of the Turkish capital. His Majesty pledged his sacred word of honour, in the most solemn manner, that he had no intention of acquiring Constantinople, and that if necessity should oblige him to occupy a portion of Bulgaria, it would only be provisionally, and until posed and the safety of the Christian population were secured. His Majesty here reverted to the proposal addressed to Her Majesty's Government for the occupation of Bosnia by Austria, of Bulgaria by Russia, and of a naval demonstration at Constantinople, where, he said, liar Majesty's Hoot would have been the dominant power. This, His Majesty thought, ought to be sufficient proof that Russia entertained no intention of occupying that capital. His Majesty could not understand, when both countries had a common object, namely, the maintenance of peace and the amelioration of the condition of the Christians, and when he had given every proof that he had 1,0 desire for conquest or aggrandise- ment, why there should not be a perfect understanding between England and Russia, an understanding based on a policy of peace which would be equally beneficial to their mutual interests and to those of Europe at large. 'Intentions,' said His Majesty, are attributed to Russia of future conquest of India, and of the possession of Constantinople. Can anything he more absurd? With regard to the former, it is a perfect impossibility, and as regards the latter, I repeat again the most solemn assurances that I entertain neither the wish nor the inten- tion.' Her Majesty deeply deplored the dis- trust of his policy which was manifested in England, and the evil effects it produced, and be earnestly requested me to do my utmost to dispel this cloud of suspicion and distrust of Russia, and charged me to convey to Her Majesty's Government the solemn assurance he had repeated to me." The ambassador then goes on to recapitulate the points of his own reply. He referred to the reported pretensions of Servia and Roumania to be erected into independent kingdoms, to which the Emperor replied that there was no question of establishing such kingdoms, and that to do so would be folly. A reference to the number of Russian volunteers in the Servian ranks induced Lord Loftus to observe that it had been very instrumental in producing the feverish excitement in Russia. To this His Majesty replied that he had permitted the officers to go provided they left the Russian service, and that he had hoped by so doing to calm the agitation. The substance of this despatch was telegraphed to the Foreign Office. The document itself boarsdatoNovembarS. These pacific assurances of the Emperor are of the utmost moment in relation to the immediate future ; but while they are generally accepted as the sincere expressions of the Imperial mind, it is not forgotten that there are forces in movement stronger than the Imperial will. As one latest illustration of the manner in which such professions may be over- borne, it is remembered that Khiva was annexed in spite of a definite promise to the contrary by the Czar and the Premier, The very day week after this despatch was written, the Earl of Beaconsfield spoke upon the question of the hour at the Lord Mayor's banquet in London. The citizens had made merry in the streets over the time-honoured civic show, in which this year not only knights in armour took part, but a number of elephants, introduced in allusion to the Prince of Wales's Indian visit and in the evening a company had gathered together, according to custom, in the ancient Guildhall. All the Cabinet Ministers were present. It was an occasion of more than usual importance, and the Premier was rightly selected to do honour to it. It was his first appearance, moreover, in the metropolis in his new character of Earl, and he was very warmly received. His speech, which elicited frequent cheers, was couched in much more measured phrases than some of his recent utterances. It purported to be a review of the conduct of the Government in relation to the Eastern question during the last year. As regards the leading principle of policy, it laid especial stress upon the treaty of Paris as revised only five years ago, under circumstances of extreme solemnity, and as affirming that the best security for maintaining the peace of Europe was to maintain the independence and territorial integrity of the Turkish empire. Touching upon the proposal of Russia for the occupation of Bulgaria and the advance of the united fleets of Europe to Constantinople, the Premier characterised such a course as a violation of the most solemn treaty. As to the armistice, he had heard that it was obtained by an ultimatum. " This," said the Earl) of Beaconsfield, " is an ugly word to use at a period when we trust that everything is settled. The ultimatum seems to me to have been very much the same as if a man brought an action for debt about the same time as the full claim had been paid into court. The armistice, however, has been agreed to by all the powers, and the moment that was accomplished, the English Government proposed that there should be a congress to take the whole question into consideration, and bring about that settlement which all men of calm and moderate minds are so anxious to accomplish." The Premier then announced that the Marquis of Salisbury had been appointed the English representative at this conference, and declared his conviction that he would labour to bring about a permanent peace, by adhering to the treaties which exist, knowing well that the independence and territorial integrity of Turkey are not to be secured and accomplished by mere treaties and pen-and-ink work, and that unless the great body of the people of those countries find they are under a Government which studies their welfare, and which is proud of their pros- verity. the independence and secured in tegrity of the country must of themselves vanish The Premier then expressed his hope that peace would continue He said England is the country of all others whose policy is peace We have nothing to gain by war We are essentially a non aggressive power There are no cities and no provinces that we desire to appropriate We have built up an empire of which we are proud, and our proudest boast is this that the empire subsists as much upon sympathy as upon force But if the struggle comes it should also be recollected that there is no country so prepared for war as England (load and renewed cheers) because there is no country whose resources are so great in a righteous cause and I trust that she will never embark in war except in a righteous cause a cause that concerns her liberty, her independence or her empire England is not a country that will have to inquire whether she can enter upon a second or third campaign In righteous cause England will commence a fight that will not end until right is done (Renewed cheering ) races descensus Avenue This sudden descent from the probabilities of peace to the resources of war brought the Earl quickly to a conclusion The words were unfortunate They sounded like a blast on the war trumpet and were universally construed on the Continent as hostile to Russia. Now that the despatch of Lord Loftus has been published such a speech appears the gravest of indiscretions if regarded as the public answer by the Premier of England to the pacific explanations of the Czar The James makes the charitable suggestion that the Premier could not have seen the despatch although it must have been in the hands of the Foreign Office The worst effect of such words is however probably felt in Turkey where they strengthen the common belief' that England must at last come to the MBCUO of the horse and so confirm the obstinacy which is one bar to a settlement The Czar was the next day (November 10 passing through Moscow on his way to St. Petersburg and while there delivered an address to a body of representatives of the nobles and Communal Council of the ancient city It was the first public declare don of his policy and was couched in language that could leave no doubt He said, It is already known to you that Turkey has yielded to my demands for the immediate conclusion of an armistice, in order to put an end to useless slaughter in Servia and Montenegro In this unequal struggle the Montenegrins have, as on all previous occasions shown themselves to be real heroes Unfortunately the same cannot be said of the Servians notwithstanding the presence of our volunteers in the Servian mnlia many of whom have shed their blood for the Sclavoman cause I know that all Russia most warmly sympathises with me in the sufferings of our brethren and co roll gioniBte The true interests of Russia however, are dearer to me than all and I should wish to the uttermost to spare Russian Hood from being shed This is the reason why I have striven and shall still strive to obtain a real improvement of the position of the Christians in the East by peaceful means. In a few days negotiations will commence in Constantinople between the representatives of the great powers to settle the conditions of peace. My most ardent wish is that we may arrive at a general agreement. Should this, however, not be achieved, and should I see that we cannot obtain such guarantees as are necessary for carrying out what we have a right to demand of the Porte, I am firmly determined to act ¡ndepenitnt1!/. I am convinced that in this case the whole of Russia will respond to my summons should I consider it necessary, and should the honour of Russia require it I am also convinced that Moscow, as heretofore, will lead the van by its example. May God help us to carry out our sacred mission." All Europe read this speech as the Czar's reply to the bellicose words of the Earl of Beaconsfield, and it has since been ascribed to the Imperial irritation at the manner in which his pacific assurances were treated. There can, however, be no direct evidence as to the motive which prompted this speech, and it may, on the other hand, be regarded as a necessary supplement to the ultimatum which made it incumbent to prepare for all eventualities, and to summon the people of Russia to the task The effect of the speech, we are informed, was to create a general and enthusiastic echo throughout the Russian Empire. Town councils, trade guilds, the clergy, in fact, all classes of the population, unanimously proclaimed their full and joyful readiness to contribute towards giving effect to the demands which the monarch and the empire may make upon them. Declarations were made that the inhabitants placed their fortune and all their resources at the disposal of (Vc Opverafaent, MILITARY PREPARATIONS. This speech was followed by a decree mobilising the divisions of the Russian army stationed in the south, monopolising the ser tice of the southern railways, and prohibit- ing the export of horses from southern Russia. Day by day come accounts of military preparations. At the same time a circular addressed by Prince Gortschakoff to the Russian representative abroad, says the Emperor does not wish for war, and will, if possible, avoid it, though he is determined that the principles of justice which have been recognised as necessary by the whole of Europe shall be carried out in Turkey under efficacious guarantees Such language would be hazardous to the independence of the Conference were Russia willing to defy the united action of Europe. It implies that there can be but one conclusion to its deliberations, and subordinates the question of reforms to that of guarantees. The two centres of military preparation are Kishineff, in Bessarabia, and Odessa ; the first as the head-quarters of the operating army on the Pruth, and the second as the centre of preparations for the defence of the Black Sea coast. General Todleben is charged with this latter duty, and has had two corps d'armée of from 50,000 to 60,000 men placed under his orders. A fleet of transports is being collected, torpedoes have been sunk, and the whole district is the scene of activity such as preceded the outbreak of the Crimean war. The camp at Kischeneff will accommodate 240,000 men, and 90,000 more are expected in the latter part of December. Yesterday we had more startling ne wa A despatch from Belgrade states that the Russians are coming in great numbers A heavy Cossack detachment is on the way to Belgrade, said to be the advance guard of 30,000 men destined for Servia. All the barracks in Belgrade and its vicinity have been evacuated and repaired. The native troops will be quartered in private houses. General Some!, commander-in-chief of the Odessa district, will supersede General Tchemaicff, and command all the Russian and native troops, No wonder. It is also said after the Servian troops will be sent into Bosnia. The Bosnian Moslems are reported to have raised COO, 00011. for the defence of their province, and to be determined on resistance to the death. Turkey on her part is not behind in pre- paring,. She is making immense efforts, troops are being collected and redistributed in vast numbers, and to meet the outlay a third million of paper money has been issued. In the meantime endeavours are being made to forestall the conference by the completion of the new constitution, The commission appointed to this task has concluded its labours, and it is proposed that this constitu- tion shall be immediately promulgated and put in force. THE CONDITION OF BULGARIA. The ability of Turkey to put anything in force that partakes of the nature of a reform is still the main question. The condition of Bulgaria remains a crucial instance of incapacity. The urgent despatch of Lord Derby, which echoed not only the public feeling of this country, but of all civilised nations, has produced no practical fruits. The Porte has signally failed in doing justice, even when in its own interest it might have been supposed most eager to retrieve its reputation. General Cbefket Pasha has at last been sent [to Pbilipopolis to be tried by the commission for his part in the massacres ; but the greatest criminals have so far escaped without rebuke. Lady Strangford has visited Batek, the scene of what Mr. Baring described as the most heinous crime of the present century, and in spite of the repeated promises of the Turks did not find a single roof up. The authorities furUshed wood for building, but nothing serious was undertaken or meant. Neither here nor in any part of the country has a single roof been put up by the Turkish authorities. Mr. Macgahan has again been over the ground. He writes-We an example of how they mean to work, the re- building of a dozen villages has been given to Ali Bey, of Baizardjik, who is implicated in the burning of them, and particularly denounced by Mr. Baring and Mr. Schuyler. Lady Strangford asked Ishlaol Bey, one of the members of the commission, why the rebuilding was given to such a man. He replied :-' I know he was one of the worst at burning, but he is very energetic, and will be an excellent man for rebuilding.' Ali Bey will simply pocket the money and do nothing. In this way do the Turks reply here to Lord Derby's demand for justice. Outrages of all kinds are still frequent; the most brutal assault are of everyday occurrence, and neither time nor life is secure. The taxes are still levied on those who have suffered the loss of almost all, and the people are still ground down with every form of oppres- sion." The comparisons drawn between the proceedings of the Russians in Turkestan, and the barbarities of the Turks in Bulgaria, has provoked a lively controversy, into which I orne eminent names have been drawn. The statements of Mr. Schuyler were first of all carefully reviewed by "A Russian," who stated the case on the side of his countrymen with much moderation and clearness. Mr. Gladstone, much to the regret of many of his friends, next took up the defence of Russia in an article in the Contemporary Review, and in the course of his argument accused the Pall Mall Gazette of falsifying the evidence in order to increase English hostility to Russia. That journal replied with great vehemence. Some curious errors, mainly owing to a confusion of dates, have since been reported and admitted on both sides. Mr. Schuyler and Mr. Macgahan have compared notes, and both written letters in explanation of their original statements. The chief result seems to be the establishment of the fact, that an order of extermination was issued by General Kauffman against a certain predatory tribe, but Mr. Schuyler does not think that the barbarities for which that general was alone responsible have found a single apologist in Russia, and he repeats his statement that in general the Russian movements in Central Asia have been marked by great discipline and kindness. The Marquis of Hartington has visited Turkey during the recess, and since his return home has given the result of his observations in a speech on the occasion of the opening of a Liberal club at Keighley, in Yorkshire. As leader of the Opposition, biaviews have more than ordinary weight. The points upon which he specially insisted were, first, the incompetence of Turkey, as verified by experience, and, secondly, the necessity of a joint European intervention to prevent an isolated or selfish intervention on the part of any Single power. He concluded by insisting that Turkey could never be undeceived as to England'aviews if Lord Beaconsfield balanced every exposition of them by Lord Derby with a speech delivered in an exactly opposite sense. This remark has since been illustrated by the Premier's Guildhall speech. The Gazette, which appeared the day after the banquet, contained an elaborate despatch from Lord Derby to Lord Loftus, designed as a summary of the proceedings of the Government from the first discussion of this Eastern question to the last proposal at the end of October. The Duke of Argyle last week addressed a long letter to the Daily News, in which he contrasts the Premier's speech with this despatch, greatly to the detriment of the historical value of the former. Events are so rapidly taking new form that it would be idle to detain your readers leader among Speeches, projects, and opinions that must be swept away by sterner facts long ere this letter reaches you, CONTINENTAL NOTES. Here let me note, however, one or two incidents of European interest. The agitation in Greece is assuming formidable proportions. All accounts show that the Utileiiia provinces of Turkey are preparing for insurrection), and the Sfiui Star of Foreign Affairs has openly declared in the National Assembly that while Greece desires peace, there is no authority, no power sufficiently strong to in pose patience and tranquilly on free Hellas in presence of injustices committed to the detriment of that Hellas which is still enslaved. The last utterances of Roumania on the other hand are in favour of neutrality. Pneeirjg from this absorbing subject, a word must be given to Cardinal Antonelli, whose death has deprived the Papal court and Europe of one of its central figures. His enemies say that he was the son of a brigand, but others that he was the son of a substantial yeoman. From whatever family he sprang he attained to eminence by the genius born with him, and held his place even in a critical time with a graceful courtesy that the most aristocratic of nobles might envy. He is said to have left £800,000 and a vast collection of jewellery, which he bequeathed to the Vatican. The mention of brigands reminds one of the capture of Mr. Rose, an English merchant, at Lercara. He had alighted there, and mounted a horse, accompanied by his ser- vent, some carriages following behind, when a certain Leone appeared, dared the party to move a finger, and made him dismount He was then seized and carried off, and a ran- some of 60,000 fire demanded, MISCELLANEOUS. The return of the Arctic expedition has been followed by some sharp controversy as to the value of the results obtained, especially from the American side of the water. Another subject which has divided attention this month has been supplied by the spirit wallet prosecutions, Dr. Slade has been condemned, on the evidence of Professor Lankester and Dr. Donkin, but the main issue has been reserved for consideration on appeal. In like manner Dr. Monck, whom spiritualists will not acknowledge, has been brought to account at Halifax, and has also appealed. Another case is under investigation at Limehouse. In this instance a ghost appeared but was seized by certain sceptical onlookers, and found to be substantial enough to offer a sturdy resistance. One first result of these prosecutions will be to separate many gross impostures from among the coriouBfacts which on any theory must remain for investigation. COLONIAL TOPICS. LONDON, Nov. 21. THE ROYAL COLONIAL INSTITUTE. The first meeting of the session for 1870 7 was held at the Pall-mall Restaurant on Tuesday evening, the 14th inst His Grace the Duke of Manchester presided. Amongst these present were the Hon. Arthur Kinnaird, M.P.; Lieut- Colonel Denison and Mr. H. T. Denison, of Canada ; Messrs. Aker mann and Robinson, the two Natal delegates to the South African Conference in London ; Mr. John Paterson, the leader of the Opposition in the Cape Parliament; Mr. N. Fitzgerald, M.L.C., Victoria; Mr. James Youl, C.M.G.; Dr. John Rae, &c.; The audience was very numerous. The paper read was on the benefit to the colonies of being members of the British Empire, the author being Mr J. Dennistoun Wood, a gentleman well known to a large portion of the inhabitants of Victoria. The paper may be regarded as being an answer to an article signed "A Victorian," which appeared in Fraser's Maga. zinc a few months back, and which was attributed, rightly or wrongly, to an old resident in your colony who has for several year been domiciled in England in a representative position. Mr. Wood strongly combatted the idea that the colonies would benefit by separating from Great Britain, and adduced many arguments to show that numerous advantages accrued to them from the connexion. Special reference was made to the freedom from attack that resulted from the Imperial connexion, and the speaker pointed out that such immunity would not be" preserved were the colonies independent. He instanced the familiar case of the visit of the Shenandoah to Melbourne, and the fact that England had to pay in the Alabama bill for alleged laches on the part of the Victorian Government of the day, in permitting the captain of the Shenandoah to secure additional seamen in the port of Melbourne. Had Victoria been independent, Mr. Wood remarked, that affair would not have gone to arbitration, but a couple of smart Yankee frigates would have speedily exacted a handsome sum in reparation of the supposed wrong. The subject of Imperial federation was slightly touched upon, but such a consummation can only be in the distant future, and in any case federation of groups of colonies must long precede it. Mr. S rangwoys, formerly of South Australia, led off the discussion, and showed his high sense of of colonial progress by observing that the day would come when the question "Could England protect her colonies I" would be varied into "Would the colonies protect England'" Lieutenant-Colonel Denison, of Canada, the descendant of a family that I had fought for Great Britain against the revolted American colonies, and had quitted the latter for Canada, when their independence was recognised, strongly supported the union of the colonies with the mother country. Referring to some allusions in the Fraser article to non- sufficient recognition of agents-general in England, which was alleged to have given offence to one or more of them, he created some merriment by the remark that Canada had had one for some time, but dispensed with his services, and had done very well without one since. Mr Paterson, from the Cape, agreed with Mr. Wood in many things, but saw no good in any scheme for Imperial federa- tion. After some observations from the two Natal delegates to the South African conference, and Mr. Westgarth, Mr. N Fitzgerald, of Victoria, addressed the meeting, repudiating most emphatically any sympathy on the part of Victorians with the views put forward by "Victorianism Fraser and stating that in no portion of Her Majesty's dominion was the feeling of loyalty, and the desire to uphold that feeling, more widely spread, and more firmly planted than in the colony with which he was identified. The discussion was wound up by Mr. Labilliere and the president. FREE TRADE AND PROTECTION. A letter dated 19th September last, has been published in the Daily News, written by Mr. Henry Parkes to Mr. Potter, M.P. for Rochdale, on the subject of free trade in the Australian colonies. Mr Parkes states that the revenue derived from taxation in New South Wales is not equal to the expenditure, a fact which those who are aware how largely the revenue of the colony is derived from the pole of land are well acquainted with, and he considers that within the next three or four years the colony will been gaged in a struggle in which distinctive principles of taxation will be fought out more avowedly than on any former occasion ; but he does not think that the cause of free trade will suffer. Alluding to Victoria, he says, "So far as I can judge, the protectionists will be supported by a majority at the next general election, but the proceedings of the last 10 years have by a principle of revulsion created a compact free-trade party, who by talent, character, and clearness and force of opinion, will be able to do battle powerfully for the great cause." Mr. Parkes winds up by saying: In the two principal of the Australian colonies Victoria and New South Wales you may expect to see a struggle for the principles of free trade within the period I have indi- cated," Whilst referring to the battle of free trade v. protection, it may be mentioned that the. iron masters are not the only class who support a protectionist policy in Germany. The distillers have lately made an attempt to force the Government into a protectionist course by joint action among themselves, "rP'í'nS for the restriction of the spirit traffic in German free ports The applications however, was summarily dismissed by the Federal Council as inadmissible. THE RULE OF THE ROAD AT SEA. The Morning Advertiser lately drew attention in a leader to the decision of the Melbourne Board that investigated the collision between the Barrabool and the Queensland, and remarks that the verdict that the former vessel was solely to blame for the affair, inasmuch as she did not slacken speed or keep her course, and that the officer of the watch was guilty of recklessness in improperly porting the helm of the Barrabool, is directly at variance with the decisions of all the courts of inquiry held in the United Kingdom, Article 13 of the steering and sailing rules says If two steamships under steam are meeting end on, or nearly end on, so as to involve risk of collision, the helms of both shall pe put to port, so that each may pass on the port side of the other." The Morning Advertiser, observing that in point of fact the mate of the Barrabool acted in strict accordance with article 13, considers it rather hard that he should be held liable for the collision that ensued. ANOTHER CLAIMANT. Some excitement has been occasioned at Warrington by the arrival of a claimant from Australia, who asserts his right to a considerable estate in the possession of a member of the town council, who naturally like the trustees and mother of young Sir Henry Tichborne does not see it The claimant is a Mr. John Alderson, who went out to Australia a number of years ago. During his absence his uncle, a glass manufacturer, one of his father's executors, died, and the property, which the claimant derives from the mother's side, was sold on a chance title. The heir-at-law having sailed for Australia, and not being heard of for some time, was, of course though why, of course, I do not know supposed to have departed this life, but unexpectedly turned up in England to enforce his claim. Notice of ejectment has been served upon the present holder of the property and upon the tenants, and the case will shortly come before the courts. BARBADOES. Mr. Justice Phillips, of Natal, has returned from his visit to Barbadoes, where he went to try the prisoners charged with being concerned in the riots last April. In his charge to the grand jury he expressed his regret that the cases were not summarily disposed of at first, for most of the prisoners had already been in custody for a longer time than they would have been sentenced for had they been actually convicted. There were altogether 450 accused. Of these he at once discharged 296, and 45 others were liberated on their own recognisances. A further batch, to whom Chief Justice Packer had refused bail, he also discharged at once, Mr. Justice Phillips remarking that the affair in which they were concerned seemed to be a mere negro "robbery." The grand jury, no doubt a thoroughly impartial body, ready to read the Riot Act to every black, and to turn their backs and close their eyes wherever a white offended, ignored every bill in the case of whites charged with shoot- ing at the blacks, but Mr. Justice Philb'pa did not let the offenders go scot free, as he inflicted a very severe lecture on them. All the 16 prisoners sentenced to death at Tobago for the murder of CorporalBelmamia. of the police, have had their punishments commuted to various terms of penal servitude. THE MAIL SERVICE TO THE UNITED STATES. A complete change is to be made in the mail service to America on the expiration of the present contracts with the Cunard Company, at the end of 1876. After that date the mails are to be forwarded on certain fixed dates by the most efficient vessels sailing on these dates, and the owners are to be re- moderated by a payment per voyage, based upon the amount of correspondence carried each voyage. The Beale is to be 2d. per lb, for newspapers, and 2s. 4d. for letters. MISCELLANEOUS. H.M, ships Virago and Barossa, both of which were in the Australian seas, are being broken up, their days of service being at an end. The Virago was 30 years old. The Standard of the 15th inst. announced that the Sappho, Captain Noel Digby, had been directed to proceed to Aurora Island, to punish the natives for the murder of a British subject named King, the master of a from all trading vessel that called at the island to procure water, The will of the late Mr. Edmund Westby, formerly of Melbourne, who died in London on the 18th September, was proved on the 10th October by the executors, H. L Taylor, E. Sheldon, and J. S Andrews. The personal estate was sworn under £50,000. To his wife, Mrs Catherine Westby, he left £10,000, his furniture, and residence in Portland place to his friend, Mr. Robert Kerr, of Melbourne, £100 to each of his executors, £100 to his four sons and three daughters, £5,000 each and the income of the rest of his property in England and Australia to his wife; on her death or marriage again, the residue to be divided between all his children equally. In reply to M. Rouvier, a Radical deputy, the Duke Decazes, the French Minister for Foreign Affairs, who was asked what measures the Government intended taking to obtain the release of the French subjects imprisoned by the King of Dahomey, replied that an answer might possibly compromise the negotiations for a treaty of commerce now going on between France and England. The relation between the two seems as close as the connexion between Goodwin Sands and Tenterden steeple. The latest news from the West Coast is, first, that there is a belief there that the King of Dahomey will shortly come to terms and secondly, that the commodore has asked for the assistance of a white regiment, so that action may be taken with reliable forces, and that stores, kc, for 1,500 men ore being got ready. Rather a curious case was heard on the 8th inst, in the Court of Queen's Bench, before Mr Justice Manisty, A Mrs. Nixon, a widow, sued a Mr. Robertson, for an assault. She had been the housekeeper of the Rev. George Maryon Wilson, vicar of GreatCamBlield,Dunmow,aud on that gentleman going to Australia in March, 1875, to marry a lady there, she remained in charge of the house, and was to see to the comfort of any clergymen who came to discharge the duties of the parish during Mr. Wilson's absence. In May, a Mr. Mortlock came to undertake the duty, his wife and daughters accompanying him. Shortly afterwards some unpleasantness arose about the study key, which was settled, according to the Rev. Mr. Mortlock's view, by his giving the plaintiff the " kiss of peace," though Mrs. Nixon said she was rather annoyed by this peaceful offering. Some further unpleasantness resulted in a reference to Mr. Robertson, Mr. Wilson's brother-in-law, who, acting as that gentleman's alter ego, summarily dismissed Mrs. Nixon, and put her out of the house. The jury gave her a verdict for £100 damages, In an article on Canadian development that appeared in the Daily Telegraph a day or two back, prominence is given to the Statement that Commissioners, exhibitors, and visitors from the Australian colonies to Philadelphia were greatly struck with Canada's contribution to the show. Agricultural implements, tweeds and other woollens manufactured, lumber, furniture, were equal to anything exhibited by the Americans, and fur cheaper. Australians are said to have fraud two obstacles to trade with the S rates, viz,, the cost of American production and the prohibitory duties of the Amer, can tariff. Several of your commissioners visited Canada, and had a very cordial reception, both publicly and privately-, and one fruit of this intercourse WAs fis prompt arrangement for the represent Pim of Canada at the Sydney Exhibition of 1877. The Ocean Gem, a vessel of 5000 tons, chartered by the Dominion Government', left Montreal on the 2nd inst. with goods purchased by Australian visitors, with an understanding that they are to form part of Canada's exhibits at Sydney. In a day or two another vessel is to leave New York on a similar errand. The Emigration Commissioners have just thought it necessary to issue another notice warning intending emigrants from going to Brazil, Accounts received quite recently show that some persons are still deluded into going there, and that they are in a lamentable condition. A statement trade by one of these unfortunates to our minister at Rio, which the latter author, tientes, gives unmistakable proof of the manner in which the emigrants have been deceived. The chambers of commerce of Liverpool, Manchester, Bristol, and Plymouth have passed resolutions In warm approval of the proposal for the establishment of a colonial museum, which it is satisfactory to find, from a leading article in The Argus of September 5, is regarded with high favour in Victoria. At the Cape and in Canada the project is regarded as likely to prove very beneficial to the colonies. A case was heard in Dublin on Monday, in which Captain James Caulfield Beamish sought a divorce from his wife on the ground of adultery with a Captain Vane, of the 9th Regiment, at Cork. From the evidence it appeared that the lady sailed for Australia from London in the City of Florence on the 25th June, 1875, and that by leave of the court here a copy of the citation was served on her there on the 21st September in the same year. She is stated to have left the country with a person of very inferior rank of the farming class from the neighbourhood of Macroom. A rule nisi was granted. Mr. D. Wilkie, M.B., of Melbourne, has been admitted a member of the Royal College of Surgeons. It is stated that the Indian Government intends sending a remount committee to Australia next year. MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, Nov. 21. The past month has been a period of' violent alternations in the stock markets, which have been almost entirely at the mercy of political events and alarmist rumours. TI e uncertainties of the immediate future have been so perplexing that the bulk of the business done has been of a speculative character. No one can tell what may happen on the morrow, so that the buying and sell- ing which have taken place have been very much of the nature of gambling, Public opinion Bwaya backwards and forwards from day to day, according to the purport of the latest telegrams, and public securities rise or fall in sympathy with the prevailing mood. At the opening of November there was a pause for a few days in almost all Stock Exchange operations while the nations awaited breathlessly the reply of Turkey to the Russian ultimatum. The conclusion of an armistice for two months was immediately followed by a rebound in the prices of nearly all classes of securities, the hopes of peace were in the ascendant, and for a week or 10 days there was great activity in all departments of the Exchange. The reviving confidence, however, was rudely disturbed by the Premier's Guildhall speech, in which Russia was ostentatiously defied, while the public alarm was intensified by the Czar's respondent address to the Moscow nobles on the following day, succeeded as it was by an order for the mobilisa- tion of the Russian armies, and a prohibition of the export of horses. Added to these causes of anxiety was the uncertainty as to Turkey's acceptance of the proposed conference, which was not satisfactorily removed until the beginning of this week. In the interval of suspense all sorts of alarm- ist rumours were current, which kept the stock markets in a state of incessant; agitation. The assurance that Turkey has acceded to the conference unconditionally has somewhat allayed the feverish feeling prevailing last week, and promoted a slight rise on our Exchange, although on the foreign bourses the favourable influence does not appear to have been so distinctly marked. Under existing circumstances business is very much contracted both here and on the Continent, operators waiting to see what the next political Sign shall be. The concurrence of large warlike preparations with the gathering of a conference for peaceful purposes throws the speculators out. One section of them calculates on war and the other on peace, but neither can feel sure, and BO dealings pause until the future be comes cleared again. The waters are) too troubled just now even for speculative fishing. The entire tenor of the month's news regarding Russia, both political and financial, has pressed heavily upon the marketable value of her stocks, which have been extensively sold here for the Continent at ever dwindling prices. Egyptian stocks have experienced a marked improvement, in consequence of the acceptance by the Khedive of Mr. Goschen's scheme for the re-organisation of Egyptian finance, and the deposition and disgrace of the late finance minister, who was the implacable enemy of all reform, Turkish and Hungarian have both been unfavourably affected. Some American securities have been slightly prejudiced by the Presidential contest, and the dread of protracted party conflicts which it may entail on the country. Consols have unavoidably suffered to some extent by the warlike aspect of affairs, and are now quoted at about 95. The English railway market has participated in the fluctuations of the time, and shows a general reduction on the quotations of last month. In the shares of miscellaneous companies there have been considerable dealings, several of the Australian agricultural and investment companies showing a rise. Owing to the reported discovery of a rich lode of gold in the territory belonging to the New Zealand Kapunga, Gold mining Company, there has been an eager demand for its shares, which ran up from a few shillings to 16 and £7 per share, but have since slightly receded from these prices Some specimens of the gold from the new mine were brought over by the steamer Somersetshire, and are now on exhibition in London. Australian bank shares are firm and unshaken, while the debentures of the various colonial Governments have sustained no damage from our Continental alarms. In the four per cents, especially there have been extensive transactions at very firm quotations. The leading features of the money market remain unchanged. Notwithstanding the absorption of large amounts by several recent loans and the reduction of the Bank reserve by £4,000,000 in two months, gold capital is still in abundant supply. A growing export demand for gold has lately set in, and although discount rates have not at present been sensibly affected, this gradual diminu- tion of our golden stores must ere long promote a hardening of market rates. MR. GOSCHEN AND EGYPTIAN FINANCE. The financial mission of Mr. Goschen and his French colleague, M. Joubert, in Egypt appears to have been a real success, and the negotiators are now on their homeward voyage. Their scheme for the restoration of Egyptian credit) was submitted to the * Khedive on the 2nd inst, and on the 15th inst his signature was attached to the agreement, which, although modified on some points, differs in no essential respects from the plan devised originally by Mr. Goschen. The settlement has been hailed with satisfaction alike in Egypt and England, the verdict of the press being favourable to the scheme so far as its details are known. The triumph was not achieved without a severe struggle, and the downfall of several highly-placed opponents of the measure. Soon after the arrival of Mr. Goschen at Cairo, it was reported that M. Scialoja, the Italian finance commissioner, had tendered his resignation, which was accepted by the Khedive. On Signor Scialoja'a retirement the Egyptian Finance Minister, who was hotly opposed to the proposed changes, once resigned, and sent his master an insolent letter accusing him of selling his country to Infidels and threaten- ing him with the vengeance of the Faithful The Khedive, fearing apparently that some conspiracy was on foot, ordered Prince Hassan to arrest him, and brought him before the Privy Council, which condemned him to exile at Dongola, in Upper Egypt He was hurried off at once, and next day was reported dead from excessive drinking, but his death has since been denied. Anyhow, everybody is glad that he is gone, as he was the enemy of all real reform. The Khedive has appointed his own son to the vacant post, whether for good or ill remains to be seen. As some guarantee that the Khedive's adhesion to his scheme should not prove illusory, Mr. Goschen insisted on the nomination of Mr. Romaine as English president of the fiscal administration, and also of two controllers general, English and French. His firmness on this point was not without abundant justification. Mr. Goschen soon after his arrival found that the International Financial Commission, which was intended to exercise control over the Egyptian officials, was already a mockery and a deal sion. Their duty was to receive the proceeds of special taxes, amounting to about six millions annually, to be applied to the payment of interest on the consolidated debt. In three months and a half only £120,00 had been received for this service, or about one fifth the sum expected and required. From this is evident that the best scheme will be nullified by native corruption and dishonesty, unless worked by European agency. The following is a tolerably accurate account of the scheme of re-organisation as accepted by the Khedive. Starting from the inflated total of 91 millions of debt as set forth in the consolidation scheme, Mr. Goschen begins by deducting therefrom the sum of 13 millions, four millions of which represent the difference between the original 25 per cent, and the now proposed 10 per cent bonds to the holders of Treasury bills. The other 9 millions, being considered a private debt, is to rank against the Darra, subject to separate arrangement of the Darra with its creditors. There is then left a liability of 78 millions for the Government to face, and this is further reduced as follows About 40 millions represent the outstanding amount of the loans redeem- able in five or six years, viz, the 1801, 1866, and 1867. These are to bear 7 per cent interest, and will be redeemable at the date originally proposed, but at 80 instead of par. This price of redemption is altered in consideration of the first charge these loans are to have on the Monkabala revenue, from which the interest is to be assured before any other payment from this revenue can be made. Seeing that in the inception the Monkabala was created for the redemption of loans, its appropriation to its originally designed purpose is very apropos. After the charge for these four millions and a half is thus shifted from general to special revenue, there is to be raised in obligations or preference stock fifteen millions on the security of the railways, which are understood to pay well. These obligations are to be re- deemable by 65 years, and are to be apportioned between holders of 1863, 1864, 1868, and 1872 loan. As the round total of these loans is £45,000,000, at present holders will receive 65 per cent of their holdings in this newly created and preferential five per cent. stock. Thus £19,500,000 being removed from the total of £78,000,000 leaves actually £58,500,000 as representing the debt, the interest of which must come from the ordinary revenue. It is proposed that £4,000,000 of annual ordinary revenue shall be allocated to the Egyptian Government for administrative expenses, civil list, tribute, &c;, and the balance is to be applied to the service of the coupon on the £58,500,000 debt and redemption of stock purchases in the open market. As it is desirable to commence the redeeming process at once a duty will be levied on the 7 per cent, interest which the general debt carries, and this impost is to cease in 1885. The reason for this is clear, OB in that year the Monkabala becomes extinct, and, according to Mr, Goschen's plan, it is estimated that by that time 21 millions in all will have run off the whole debt. The loans of 1864, 1866, and 1867 being paid off in 1880 and 1881, will leave a larger amount available for the redemption of the general 7 per cent, stock. The amount of the deduc- tion proposed in 1 per cent, of the interest, and this is calculated to place about £600,000 per annum, the deduction ceasing with the extinction of the Monkabala in 1885. As a guarantee for the punctual service under the new agreement it is proposed to add two new European Commissioners to the Ministry of Finance, the existing classes for the service of the public debt still continuing. These com-. missioners are to be completely independent, with power to remove the agents employed in collecting the revenue, and to place in their stead European officials. All the revenues are to pass through the case. Messrs. Goschen and Joubert and Sir Henry Drummond Wolff, who have left Alexandria, are reported to bring with them a scheme approved by the Khedive for the settlement of the data, in order to lay it before the English creditors, and with the purpose of recommending its acceptance to them. The claims of the Anglo Egyptian Bank are also stated to have been settled by Messrs. Goschen and Joubert satisfactorily. DIVIDEND MEETINGS. London Chartered Bank of Australia At the half-yearly meeting on the 17th, a dividend at the rate of 8 per cent per annum was declared, absorbing £10,000, and leaving £9 881 to be carried forward. The chairman, Mr. De Salis, referred to the successful emission of the Victorian loan by the associated banks, and said that as the money is to be employed on reproductive works, the best results may be anticipated to accrue to the colony, especially from the construction of the lines of railway which are now being made. r The directors of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company recommend a dividend of 2 per cent, for the half year ended 30th September last, making, with interim dividend paid in June, 30 per cent, per annum, the same as for the year 1875. FAILURES AND FRAUDS. Messrs. Hamilton and Co, colliery owners and coal merchants, of Manchester, and formerly of London, have filed a petition for liquidation ; liabilities, £120,000. Meena. Packer and Co., lace manufacturers, of Nottingham and New Radford, have stopped payment. Liabilities, between £90,000 and £100,000 ; assets presumably sir all. An adjudication in bankruptcy has been ob ant d against Sir J. C. Fitzgerald, whose del to are estimated at about £30,000. He only attained his majority in 1874, and most of the debts are for money borrowed from the Jews at rates varying from 40 to 60 per cent. The protracted trial in connexion with the Moscow Commercial Loan Bank frauds has terminated in the conviction of Dr. Straus- berg and three of his accomplices. The sentences were that Strausberg, Polianatei, and Landall, be perpetually exiled to Siberia, and that Schumacher, the mayor of Moscow, be banished to one of the Russian governments." A petition to, the Emperor was drawn up and signed, with a view of obtaining a commuta- tion of Schumacher and Polianatei's punishment. Foreign critics have not failed to remark that by the patriotic verdict of the jury the foreigners were declared guilty, while the Russians more or less implicated in Strousberg's proceedings were acquitted. Most of them, with tears and sobs, or in abject tones, pleaded for mercy. Strausberg alone was calm, self-possessed, and defiant to the end. At the close of a protest addressed to the judge he sat down saying, "Yon can crush me, but you will never make me yield." It cannot be denied, however, that the Straus- berg revelations have had a most disastrous effect upon banking operations in Russia. Immediately after his arrest there was a general run upon the banks, depositors thinking that after the failure of the Bank of Moscow, other similar and less wealthy institutions would collapse in the same way. By degrees these fears subsided, but though 12 months have elapsed since Strausberg was apprehended, there is still a great want of confidence, and the latest returns of the balance sheets show that the deposits in the principal banks diminished from September, 1875, to September, 1876, from about 220 million roubles to 100 million roubles a decline of 27 per cent. Just twelve months after the failure of the Leeds Mercantile Bank, a loan and invest- ment society in the same locality, and under almost identical management, has collapsed, with liabilities reaching to nearly £35,000. Many of the depositors are poor, thrifty people. TRADE RETURNS. The October statistics of our foreign trade differ but little from the returns of the preced- ing few months on the whole, they are some what less unfavourable than usual. The ex- ports show a falling off of 31, percent, in value, while the imports are one-half per cent, in excess of the corresponding month of 1873 The increase in the latter would have been much more formidable if the food imports had kept up to their usual average, so there must have been a considerable augmentation in the imports of raw material and articles of general consumption, in which silk and tobacco figure prominently. On the other hand, the decrease in our exports is much more moderate than it has been of late, and,' judging by quantities alone, there is a real and general augmentation. A continuance of similar returns in the coming months would certainly be indicative of an incipient revival in our foreign trade. An examination of the export table shows an increase in quantities in the following articles In cotton yarn about 16 per cent in cotton pieces, about 11 per cent; in jute manufactures, 41 per cent.; in seed oil, 14 percent, in broad silk, over 100 per cent.; in woollen yarns, 18 per cent; in woollen cloths, 9 per cent; and in coal, 10 per cent There is a decrease in other articles in most cases, but the above list of increased quantities is a hopeful sign of a turn in the tide. The present increase brings usbacktothelevelof October, 1874, and consequently represents a greater bulk of business than in the immediately preceding years. In these latest export returns there are one or two features of interest. We notice a revived export of cotton goods to the East, especially to China and Japan ; a large increase of cotton piece goods to Turkey, probably in connexion with war requirements ; and a steady augmentation of coal exports, which would seem to indicate the revival of manufacturing industry abroad. As regards imports, the principal instances of increase are to be found in articles of food and luxury, such as bacon, butter, coffee, flour, raisins, tea, wine, and silk. Wheat, potatoes, and cheese alone among the articles of consumption show any considerable diminution in the quantities imported. One gratifying feature in the import account is the steady cheapening which the leading articles are undergoing. Taking the 10 months now elapsed, we find that the imports amount to nearly 312 millions, and exceed those of the same period last year by £l,193,000,and those of 1874 by £072,000 and this in spite of frequent lower prices.. The continuous contraction of our exports and expansion of imports, which have now been going on for a considerable time, and which at one period would have excited grave alarm among economists, has lately attracted the attention of several of our commercial writers. The old doctrine of the balance of trade, which once represented an excess of imports oversea ports, OF fatal to a nation's prosperity" is nowdiacrediied, and flowers much disturbed on learning that during the last 10 mantua the balance of trade against us amounts to 100 million pounds. "As a general result," says The 'Times, the nominal balance against UB is £143,000,000. From this have to be deducted the re-exports of foreign and colonial merchandise, which are estimated in the return at £40,800,000 for the 10 months. The nominal balance against us is therefore under £100,000,000. However treated this is a large item, and but for the heavy international stock-dealing operations which have gone on all through the year, it must have affected the exchanges very sensibly before now. Ultimately, it must tell decidedly on the value of money, and the withdrawals of bullion now daily going on ought to be carefully watched as signs of the inevitable ad" judgment of the account It will not take such a great fall after all to make this money market by re. So far, the movements of bullion have been in favour of this country, we having received on balance some £13 350,000 since the beginning of the year, but it is difficult, after what the customs authorities have told us, to place any reliance on the figureS. We find, for example, that Russia is only credited with sending us £2,6G1,000 since the beginning of the year, and yet lately it was shown that she exported about £11,000,000, the greater part of which ought to have come here. According to the return, over £540,000 in silver came from Germany last month, and a minute quantity of gold, while about £170,000 in gold has been sent there. Beyond the fact that France has taken over £1 000 000 in gold there is nothing further in last month's bullion return calling for notice. We have received more bullion than we sent away even last month, although the train we allude to had begun, and the total export of gold and silver was less than in October, 1875. But Germany was then a large buyer of gold. Meantime there are on all hands symptoms I of reviving activity in trade, the menacing manifestoes of Earl Beaconsfield and the Czar have, it is true, produced a discourag- ing effect, but even the apprehension of war cannot altogether repress the new impulse which has been given to commercial operations. Early in the month an extraordinary report was witnessed in the Liverpool cotton trade, while an improved demand for manufactured goods is reported from Manchester. The value of wool has recovered the 20 to 30 percent, lost during the progress of the year, while a better tone prevails at Bradford Leeds, Halifax, and Leicester. The staple trade of Dundee and the district is again looking up, and the long prevailing distrust is disappearing even in the iron industry ; both at home and abroad there are breaks in the dark cloud which has so long enveloped it. In the iron shipbuilding department especially we hear of good orders being placed with the Clyde firms in the Tyne district, at Barrow, at Belfast, and other places. An encouraging announcement also comes to us from Germany. The British ambassador in Berlin has reported to our foreign office that there is good reason for believing that the abolition of the duties on iron entering Germany will take place OF proposed on the 1st of January. Should this measure really be carried out it will impart just the fillip required to confirm the incipient improvement in the iron trade now manifesting itself. The con BI quencee to our commerce of a war with Russia are naturally exciting considerable agitation in trading circles. A certain class of merchants would doubtless be injuriously affected, but on the whole it is thought that the inconvenience to the country would not be at all serious, while there would be many compensating advantages." The case is thus stated by the Financier: "The exports of Russia consist of wheat Dax, Lemp, timber, linseed, tallow, wool, skins, cordage, and tar, the proportion sent to the United Kingdom amounting to from £18,000,000 to £20,000,000 a year, or about 32 per cent of her whole export trade, 40 per cent, being taken by Germany. The exports of Russia to this country are pretty equally divided, more especially when there is any large demand for wheat between her northern and southern ports, though on the average probably £11,000 000 may he given to the former, and £8,000,000 to the latter. These Russian exports have almost a wholly European destination. The whole profits of Russian trade with Asia would not pay for the cavalry troops employed in extending it. Some proportion of the Russian exports for which there is only a market in this country, would find their way into England through Germany and Holland as during the Crimean war, but this would only be accomplished at a heavy loss to the Russian producers. The immediate effect of war with Russia would be to stimulate the exports of India, which is one of the most desirable results that could occur to that country at the present moment The United States would sensibly partake in the same advantage, and the countries of the River Plate would be greatly benefited. The stocks of such raw materials as Russia supplies are so large that there is little reason to fear any sudden or large enhancement of prices, and the principal result would be that we should take greatly less of these commodities from Russia and proportionately more from India the United States, and South America, but these, moreover, are all countries which have a large British import trade, and any Stimulus of their productive and export resources is equivalent to a revival of the markets for British manufactures. The exports of British and Irish produce to Russia are comparatively insignificant Even under all the stimulus of the loans to Russia they have barely averaged a fourth of our imports of Russian produce, and of this small trade more than two-thirds have been with the northern ports. When Russia ceases to raise loans in London, our export of goods to Russia, small as it has been necessarily declines." LONDON WOOL SALES. Since my description of the sales forwarded by the San Francisco mail on the 16th Inst, there has been a slight reaction from the eager animation and excited competition of the earlier stages of the auctions, though, happily, the advance has not been lost. I append extracts from two or three of the brokers' circulars prepared for this mail. About 155,000 bales have passed the hammer, so that the result of the series may be regarded as practically established. Messrs Beirne and Co. remark that during the pastlO days there have been some variations the at tendance of buyers, and on the whole perhaps in certain descriptions the beat rates previously paid have been barely maintained. The differences in value, however, hardly exceed the narrower limits of fluctuation invariably incident to a series of the shortest duration. In particular classes, notably fleece, Capes, Natals (both fleece and grease and all kinds of good combing, the figures current rule extremely firm, while any tendency to weakness is confined to Sydney fleeces, middle and faulty, scoured of all kinds, and crossbred parcels." Messrs. Jacomb, Son, and Co. say-" The very excited competition, the extraordinarily numerous attendance of buyers, and the highest range of prices paid shortly after this series of sales commenced have hardly been fully maintained lately, while still the market rules firm all round. French competition is not quite so active, and the attendance generally thinner. The home trade have, latterly acted with great spirit, but of the quantity sold fully half has been taken for foreign account About 40,000 bales of old stock, out of first and second hands, will have been catalogued in this series, which will fairly quit us from any incubus of old stock in this market." Messrs. Helmuth, Schwartze, and Co. similarly report that " the tone in the sales has not been quite so spirited last week as during the first fortnight and the change is to some degree reflected in the prices. Where at the outset an excessive advance was paid, as in the case of Sydney and Port Phillip fleece, a reduction of halfpenny to penny may now be quoted. For the bulk of Australian scoured wools, it will suffice to say that the market is in buyers' favour, while in greasy wool there is no appreciable difference, especially not from the better classes. Cap) BE cured are occasionally 3d, to 6d, cheaper ; fleece and greasy remain much the same. The difference on the whole may be said to be that between a very spirited and a steady market A small reaction from the occasionally exaggerated animation of the first fortnight is not surprising. The uncertainties of the political position have probably also contributed to produce a quieter tone, and a certain drag is lastly always occasioned by an extensive putting up of second hand wool such as has taken place lately. In its main features, the position of the trade remains unchanged ; the tendency of business continues towards improvement, and if peace be preserved, there is every probability of a firm market during the winter months." PRODUCE MARKETS. The tallow market was very inactive during the first part of the month, and the value of P.Y.C, declined about 10s. per cwt The shipments from Russia prove to be larger than was at first anticipated, the total now now being 12,500 eades, of which 9,000 casks are for London and 3,500 casks for Germany, Town tallow is in fair supply, and has declined 3s. 0d. per cwt., the value now being 42s. net cash. The quantity of all kinds of foreign and colonial tallow landed last month was 6,402 casks, against 7,151 casks in the same month last year, and 9,806 casks in 1874. The deliveries amount to 0,114 cattle landed stock on the 31st alt was 13,843 casks, against 11,379 casks in 1875, and 24,532 casks in 1874. Australian tallow was in limited demand at the commencement of the month, and prices fell fully 2s. per cwt. At the last public sales J there was a decided improvement, and the whole catalogued was disposed of at an advance of fully 6d. per cwt ; mutton, fair i to good, 42s. 6d. to 44s. and beef, fair to good, 43s. 6d. to 43s. per cwt. Import, 3,000 packages ; sales, 2,870 packages ; stock in first bands, 5,178 packages. By last telegraphic advices from the colonies, the total shipment for the month ending the 10th of November from the ports of Adelaide, Melbourne, and Sydney were COO casks, against 2,700 casks last year. Cocoanut oil is quiet, and Cochin is now worth 49s. 6d,, Ceylon 33s,, and Sydney 34s. to 38s. per cwt, Australian hides continue to meet with brisk competition, and all weights show a further average advance, 3s. 8d. to 1s. 2d. per lb. The transactions comprise 8 672 ox and cow as follows Sydney, first heavy, fair to good, 5d. to Sid.; second heavy, 4d to 5 d first light, 4d. told,; second do,, iii. to 434.; cow, 4d. to 414. New Zealand, first heavy fair, 5d,; cow, 4d. per lb. Import, 1292 hides ; present stock, 2 709 hides. Australian leather has been in active request at a further rise of 4d. per lb. The sales by public auction include 5,856 crop sides ; light middling to fair, 10d, to 11d.; heavy fair to good, 11d. to 11d.; common and ordinary, tOld. to lOJd.; extra heavy, 10d. to 11d,; seconds and inferior, 9d, to 10d. per lb. Australian Basils. The market has been quiet, but as the supplies have been small all brought to auction have been taken at previous rates. The sales are 31727 Stella, Strained fair to good, 8d. to 15d.; middling, 9d. to 11d,; common, Cid. to 6d, ; na trained common, 5d. per lb. Mimosa Park The large quantity offered at the public sales and the continued heavy imports have depressed the market, and although late prices were obtained early in the month, it is now difficult to effect sales at a decline of 10s. per ton. The transactions comprise 642 tons Adelaide ground, £11 40s. to 120s, ; Tasmanian chopped, fair to good, £9 to £11 17s. 6d. ; inferior, £8 ; ground, fair to good, £8 55. to 1915. ; middling, £7 5s. to £7 10s. per ton. Present stock, 5,923 tone. Horns There are no sales to report. The lost prices realised are as follows Syd- ney, as. 12oz to 14oz., 69s. 6d. to 63s. 6d. ay. llgoz to 14oz" 47s. to 453\. Cd. ay. 8oz., 6s. to 16s. 6d. ; Melbourne, as. 14oz. to 14oz, 53s. to 63s. ay. 8oz, 18g. ay. 5oz. to 6oz,, 11s. to 12s. Brisbane, ay. lCJuz., 74s. 6d. ay. 1862, 628. Adelaide, as. 12oz. to 16oz., 45s. 6d. tods. Cd. New Zealand, ay. llgoz. to 12oz, 45s. to 47s. 61. ; ay. 10oz, 35s, to 39s, per 123. Bones -Shank, fair to good, £14 55. to £20 ; middling, £7 to £13 10s. ; hoofs, £5 10s. to £7; knuckles, 419. to £512. Gd.; common bones, £5 to £5 10s.; pasha, £5 2s 6d. to £5 10s. per ton. Petroleum. After a brief period of depression, the market has recovered firmness, and a considerable business has been done at 1s. 7d. to is. 7d. per gallon on the spot and for December. Canadian oil has been in good demand at Is. 6d. to la. 611, Stock, 48,668 barrels. Sperm oil, owing to American advices, is higher, £92 per ton being now demanded. Copra. 500 bags sold recently at £15 to £20 15s. per ton. Kauri Gum. Prices for this article are from 3s. to 4s. lower. The auctions have comprised 1,872 cases, of which 500 were sold without reserve at 18s. to 20s. 6d. for dust, 39s. 6d. to 47s. 6d. for pickings, and for good 50s. to 57s. Stock on 31st October, 79 tons. New Zealand hemp has lately been in good request at firm rates. Of 178 bales offered a auction a few sold at 25s. to 26s. Some private disposals are also reported at £24 to £25 for good dressed. Stock on 31st October, 1,459 tons. Cotton During the early part of the month there was a strong excitement in the Liverpool market, accompanied by very large transactions at an advance of one halfpenny per lb. On the 14th a relapse set in with drooping prices, but within the last few days the tendency of the market has become more favourable. For Fiji and Tahiti descriptions the demand continues limited, and prices are without change, except for the finer qualities, which have been in good request About 60 bales of Fiji have changed hands at 3d. to 6d. per lb. for stained, and 12d. to 14d. per lb. for good fair. A few bales of fine quality have realised 5d. per lb. Copper good business has been done in this metal, especially in Chili bars, which have risen fully £2 per ton during the month. Wallaroo advanced from 319a. to £87108., and Burra from £84 to £80, but have recently been somewhat weaker. Tin has been in steady demand, and much better prices have been established. Straits went up by successive leaps from £74 10s. to £79, although it has since relapsed about £2 per ton. Australia, too, rose from £73 5s. to £77, but has declined again to £76. The prospects of the trade are good. Preserved Meat. The month's arrivals have been light, especially from Australia. The total number of cases in 33,662, of which 18,813 cases are from the United States, and 1,559 from Canada. Victoria has sent only 3 633 caseS, New South Wales 1,191, South Australia 500, and New Zealand 6.025. Stocks in London, both of Australian and Chicago compressed beef, are at this moment almost nil. "The latter," remark Messrs. M'Call and Co., " is still eagerly sought for, and the supplies are expected to increase. With the exception of plain boiled beef, which is still slow of sale, prices have been very firm, and will doubtless continue to be so until increased shipments are received. Wheat. Messrs. Burrows and Perks reported that shortly after the departure of the last mail there was, with a continuance of large arrivals, a reaction from the previous advance in the value of wheat, and all descriptions were sold at a decline of la. to 1s. 6d. per 496 lb. Since then, however, with (for a few days) more warlike appearance in the political world this fall has been recovered, and the trade is now steady, but not very active at the quotation of your last, viz , 64s. to 63s for new Adelaide wheat ; 53s. to 54s. for old ; 54s. to 52a. for good qualities of Tasmanian and New Zealand, which are scarce and in demand and 48s. to 49s. for secondary parcels of the same per 496 lb. ex store. Adelaide flour is very scarce on the spot, and would sell readily at our quotations of 26th time. The grain arrivals! from the colonies have been but few, the Anyone, from Melbourne; Andrew Raid, from Sydney ; Glenisla, from Adelaide and Four Glen, from New Zealand. The Morwanjse Frurnjee and the Star of Hope have also arrived from South Australia at port of call for orders, The former has been sold at 6s. per 480 lb, off" to Belfast, and the latter is still on sale. There are now 349 wheat cargoes with 1 887,000 quarters on passage to the United Kingdom, against 372 with 1.595,000 quarters in the corresponding week of 1875, and 213 with 1,113,000 quarters in 1874. Of the above no less than 161 large ships, with the unprecedented quantity (from one port of 1,040,000 quarters are on their way from San Francisco, while shipments from hence Kill continue at the rate of from 40,000 to 50,000 quarters weekly. _ SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE ARRIVALS. Andrew Reid, at Gravesend on November 1, from S j lines. Carnudo, it Gravesend on November 6, from Aitok final. EBSOX, at Penzance on November 1. Glenelg, at London on November 17, from Adelaide. Morivdnglo Trangie, at London on November 17, from Adelaide. Roseneath, at Bondi on November 11, from Wairoa, New Zealand. Renown, at Gravesend of November 22, from Melbourne. Borucrsotahlro, at Ply mouth on November 17, from Melbourne. W. O. Russell, at Deal on November i. DEPARTURES. Adamant, from Doll on November 7, for Wellington, New Zealand. Airlie, from Deal on November 14, for Swan River. Alfred Hawley, from Grnvcinntl on November 18, for Hobart Town. Alexander Duthie, from Deal on November 10 for Sydney. Ann Millicent, from Liverpool on November 17, for Adelaide. \uclilflud, from Greenock on November 22, (or Port Chalmers, British Army, from Liverpool on November 17, for Yetholme. Cairo, from Gravesend on November 15, for Mel hour or Chandlers, from Deal on October 27, for Nelson. City of Seringapatam, from London on October 26, for Melbourne, City of Foo-chow, from London on October 25, for Sydney. Canterbury, from London on November 8, for Otago. Clifton, from London on October 28, for Swan River. Du ham, from Deal on November 10, for Adelaide Dragon, from London on October 24, for Melbourne. Eurynome, from Liverpool on November 6, for Melbourne. Garnock, from Deal on November 4, for Brisbane. Glands, from Deal on November 10, for Brisbane. Hopeful, from Gravesend on November 2, for La welton, New Zealand, Highflyer, from Dont on November 8, for Melbourne. Incbgrlcn, from Greenock on October 27, for Sydney. Irvine, from Deal on November 15, for Adelaide. Jubilee, from Deal on November 30, for Sydney. Kentsbank, from Liverpool on November 2, for Sydney. Kapunda, from Deal on November 6, for Sydney. Leactura, from London on November 2, for Sydney. Lochee, from Gravesend on November 4, for Adelaide. Loch Dee, from Seal on November 20, for Otago, New Zealand. Mysore, from London on November 20, for Melbourne. Marlborough, from Greenock on October 27, for Port Chalmers. Melanope, from Liverpool on November 3, for Melbourne. Nemesis, from Deal on November 10, for Melbourne Oxford, from London on November 20, for Auckland. Portland, from London onNovemborlS, for Sydney. Pleiades, from Gravesend on October 20, for Otago, New Zealand. Baker, from London on November 14, for Wellington, New Zealand. Boston, from Liverpool on Novomber 16, for Sydney. Strathdon, from Gravesend on November 17, for Sydney. Stracathro, from Deal on November 8, for Melbourne. Santiago, from Deal on November 16, for Auckland. Thurland Castle, from London on November 3, for Auckland. Trafalgar, from Deal on November 20, for Sydney. Wiltshire, from Deal on November 15, for Canterbury. Winchester, from London on November 17, for Adelaide. Warwickshire, from London on November 17, for Canterbury, N.Z. VESSELS LOADING. AT LONDON. For Melbourne Lord of the Isles, Bolto, Amyone, Essex, Glendaruel, Juno, Pendraron, Hankow, B.D., Herman Lehmkuhl, Thermopylae, Somersetshire, ss., Haddon Hall, Serapis. For Sydney. Vellore, Bannockburn, British Monarch, British Peer. For Adelaide. Mangalore, Alutnbagb, Frances To orpo, Alnwick Castle, Kingstone Strathblane, Ornate, Dinapore. Chalgrove, British Enterprise. For Brisbane Argo, Ensign. For Swan Bay or Lady Louisa. For Napier and Bluff H»rbour.-Foraglen. For Hobart Town Vanguard, Helen. For Bochhamplort - Christian Knudsen. For Auckland, N Z -Electra, Emily Chaplin, Beb rington, Hudson. For Canterbury, NZ Ann Gambles, Carnatic Opawa, Trevellian. For Launceston. Fugitive. For Otago, N.Z- EuUrpe, Wellington, Baron Blantyre, Plsko. Wave Queen, Forfarshire. For Wellington, N Z,-Northampton, Pletone, Hooghly, Baldono. AT LIVERPOOL. For Melbourne.-Hlppolj ta, Handlngton, Loch Long. For Adelaide-Oanymedo. For Sydney.-Elwy, Loch Fyne, Brisbane, goarra. AT'OLABdOW. For Bri, banc-Nalrnshlro. THE EASTERN QUESTION. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) BERLIN, NOV. 21, Did you ever see a fox calculating chances? Allured by the powerful attractions of a poul tryyard, yet Feared by the possibility of a pro- tector at hand, the wily animal can neither cease to feast its eyes upon the delicate morsel, nor resolve upon the decisive leap The behaviour of Master Reynard would be a perfect picture of Russia's policy towards Turkey, were it not that Russia is notoriously a bear, and being such, varies her canning rises with an occasional growl or two. Tail month's report begins with the thorough licking of the unscrupulous aggressor. As the gentle reader may remember, Russia, encouraged by the toleration shown to her insolent proceedings, asked Austria and England to help her to occupy European Turkey. The proposition was indignantly rejected by the British Government, and politely declined by the Austrians. A second appeal made to the Austrians had no better effect. The severe diplomatic defeat sustained by Russia was not long in producing its consequence. If the Turks had spared the Servians for the preceding three months merely to obviate a Russian collision, it was plain that after the last experience they had no call to continue their prudent reserve If to spare the Servians only emboldened Russia to plan the dismember- ment of Turkey, the Sultan could not help perceiving that to crush the Servians would free him from at least one of his enemies, while it could not render his position with the other worse than it already was and as Russia had first failed to secure allies for the execution of her sinister designs, the isolation in which she found herself for the moment seemed to render it perfectly safe to take a measure recommended by the political necessities of the case. Accordingly orders were given to the Turkish generals to awake from their long inactivity, and attack the fortifications before which they had been somnolence for three most be, but the Russians were on the air vive, and no sooner noticed the first symptoms! of a stir in the Turkish camp than they renewed their demand of an armistice. Two months was the period fixed at St. Petersburg for the interruption of hostilities. The Turks replied that having practically left the Servians unmolested for three months, it was a little too much to expect they would accord a further respite, unless peace was signed. Winter, moreover, was at the door, and it would be hard to resume operations one or two months hence They therefore suggested that an armistice should be concluded for five months, putting off the resumption of hostilities till spring. To this the Russians decidedly demurred; though no reasons were given, they were clear enough, and most unacceptable, In stipulating for the expiry of the armistice in midwinter, the Russians wished to secure two advantages, The Turkish troops being mostly Southerners, bred in a mild climate, are less fit to wage war in the winter than the Russians, accustomed to Snow six months in the year, while the Danube, which forms a principal line of defence for the Turks, is frequently covered with ice about Christmas, and ceases to be a barrier for a month or two. The appreciation of those important circumstances making the Turks disinclined to yield the point, the negotiations dragged on accompanied by military movements in either camp. Suddenly there flashed the netvBttllover Europe that the Turks, taking time by the forelock, had fallen upon the Servians, had Bmaehed them entirely, and had seized the apparently impregnable forts of Alexinats and Deligrad. In less than two days the remnants of the Servian army were hastily retreating north, when the Russian Government discovered the necessity of immediate action. A few days more, and all Servia would be overrun by theruthlesBCircaBBianandKurd ; so the electric spark flew from St. Petersburg to Livadia.andfromLivadia to Constantinople, and the message went forth that Russia would break off diplomatic intercourse with the Porte unless a two months' armistice were accorded within two days after the reception of the summons. It was not difficult for the Porte to determine upon a reply. Having routed the Servians and conquered the only position which enabled the raw Soldiers of Prince Milan to hold the field, the Turks were practically masters of Servia. This accomplished, all they could secure by pursuit was to scatter the last fragments of a force that had ceased to be formidable Obviously to attain this was too warm portant to run the risk of a rupture with Russia, so the Porte, with her standards planted on the shattered walls of Alexinatz, could afford to accept the Russian ultimatum. If the St. Petersburg papers represented the Porte's acquiescence as a sign of submission to the Czar, less interested observers smiled at Russia contenting her Belt with a diplomatic victory when a great military advantage, which would sensibly in fluence any future stage of the war, had been achieved by the Turks. The armistice was accorded on November 1, and is to extend to the New fear. Immediately after' this Russia revived her conference proposal. She had advanced this proposition months ago, with no better result than the occupation scheme which followed. In reverting to a plan which had previously failed she was probably buoyed up with the hope that, having allowed her to threaten Turkey with impunity, the powers, intimidated by her resolve, would likewise concede the minor point of a conference. Nor did the result fall short of her anticipations, though for reasons totally different If England and Austria had formerly declined the conference, they did so because they thought it dangerous to discuss a topic upon which there were so few feelings in common. If they now accepted it, they were compelled by the consideration that after the Russian sword had been half unsheathed, it was more expedient to tell the Czar plainly what he had to expect than to continue silent. Turkey indeed was still averse to the idea, and resting her objections upon the unstable character of Austrian politics, caused by the strife of parties at Vienna, endeavoured to convince England that the result of the conference would not be all she wanted. But England remained firm, and so we are in hopes of seeing the conference assemble in a week or so. Before this was definitely settled incidents occurred which diminished the prospect of a satisfactory result. True to the tactics persistently pursued the last two years, the Russians had supplemented armistice and conference palaver with armaments. Probably there was not much done in the way of military preparations, though certain steps tend- ing towards mobilisation were undoubtedly taken, but as the Russian papers were permitted not only to mention the activity in the arsenals, but to exaggerate it with demonstrative gusto, the object of the move would have been clear, even had it not been openly avowed, While conscientiously chronicling the manufacture of every cartridge and the purchase of every bushel of oats by the Government, the Russian journals had no compunction in telling us that if Russia could not obtain her object by persuasion she would appeal to the sword. Now the conviction was certainly general that this a threat, and no more, because Russia dare not make war without an ally, and if she had an ally, need not have applied to Austria and England-her adversaries for help. But the probability of Russia not meaning war, yet menacing continually to exact concessions, did not render her conduct the more palatable. On the contrary, the effrontery of her demands was aggravated by the meanness of the tactics employed to attain her end. All Europe concurred in this opinion, yet for reasons already explained allowed the game to go on. Carried away, it would appear, by the feelings aroused in every right-minded individual, Lord Beaconsfield the other day gave the Russians a bit of his mind. In the familiar progress of the political calendar Lord Mayor's day had come round again The London There were assembled at the festive board, the Prime Minister, as usual, being present at Guildhall On this memorable 9th of November Lord Beaconsfield treated his audience to a history of the diplomatic campaign, and pointing to the peculiar style in which it was being conducted by Russia, deliberately stated that England was ready to fight if interest and the necessity of maintaining the treaties demanded it. Natural as this announcement was after the disgraceful intrigues indulged in by the other side, it was an unhappy hit If the Czar had endeavoured to frighten Europe by his tall talk, he had likewise excited his own subjects by visions of absolute supremacy. If it must be galling to him to eat his own words in the secrecy of a diplomatic conclave, it could not but be doubly so in the presence of his admiring people, Genoa, to reprove him publicly was to tempt him to a demonstrative reply, which might place him in a position where pride and the wish to assert himself might compel the fulfilment of threats never originally meant to be carried out Lord Beaconsfield's speech had that result. Within 24 hours of its delivery the Czar gave the British Premier a Roland for his Oliver. Bia Majesty has pt ned to be at Moscow, returning from the Crimea to St Petersburg. No sooner had the telegraph informed him of the Guildhall event than he ordered the Moscow Town Council to present an address. The faithful lieges hastened to comply, and an hour after receiving the command were ushered to the presence with their caligraphy homage. Then was thundered forth a reply to the quaking citizens, to Great Britain, and to all Europe. Obedient to his command the Emperor actually allowed himself to say that Turkey had conceded an armistice. In the war interrupted by the truce many a Russian volunteer had shed, his blood for the Slavonic cause. Ile and all Russia sympathised with this cause, and felt for the sufferings of the Turkish Christians, their co-nationalists and co-religionists. He hoped the conference would accord him the guarantees he felt entitled to ask for the welfare of the oppressed Rajah. Should he be dis- appointed in this, he was fully determined to act independently, when be doubted not all Russia would shed her blood willingly for duty and honour. Russia was ready, and God would help her to fulfil her sacred mission. The reply presented to this address by the Moscow citizens the next day is too repulsive a mixture of impertinence to Europe and servility to the Emperor tobe quoted. Let us pause and consider a moment For nearly two years rebellion has been rife in Turkey. During the whole of this time the rebels, though diplomatically supported by Russia, were represented as acting upon their own responsibility, and without any assistance from the Czar and his 1 Government, Even the so-called volunteer movement was depicted in this light, though the men who went out were mostly soldiers, and had to get leave before going, But no sooner are the Servians licked notwith- standing the 15,000 Russians, notwithstanding that every battalion has a Russian officer at its head-than the Russian Government throw off the mask and engage to take up the cause openly which they have failed to benefit by underhand dealing. Fully to appreciate the unblushing candour of the Czar's words at Moscow, it is necessary to remember that the Russian Government, as well as the Russian Government papers, have a thousand times assured us of Russia's non participation in what has been going on in Turkey. When the insurgents, months ago, would not conclude an armistice, Russia gave out that they disobeyed her. When Servia began war, Russia declared that she had dissuaded her, though to no purpose, WhenTchernaieiTwentouttopreparequarterB for the 15,000 that were to come after him. the Russian semi-official telegraph agency informed all Europe that the general's departure was at variance with Russian law and feeling, When England and Turkey complained of the leave of absence accorded to the officers that joined Tchernaieff, the Russian Government denied having anything to do with a movement which they gave out was the genuine growth of public opinion Place the Czar's Moscow speech side by side with these asseverations, and you will have no difficulty in drawing a conclusion, Nor will it serve to weaken your impression to hear that the Czar's speech was succeeded by an order for the mobilisation of 200 DOO men, England is arming likewise, and Austria making covert preparations, in keeping with the rest of her politics. Under the shadow of this military array the conference is to open at Constantinople, The first sittings are to be devoted to de- vising a programme upon the basis of the one drawn up by England before the delivery of the Russian ultimatum This programme is so vague that it admits of the most oppo nee interpretation?, the only tangible point in it being that Turkey is not to be positively broken up Short of this extreme measure every imaginable thing may be done to the Sultan and the dominant race. Ag might be expected, Russia has turned this ambiguity to account, and put an interpretation upon it most unacceptable to the Porte Under a Russian proposal submitted to the porters a few years ago, the conference is ex- echoed to enact that the inhabitants of Bosnia, Bulgaria and Herzegovina must be disarmed that all civil war. vants in these provinces must be elected by the inhabitants, that the troops be with. drawn to a few towns and thereto the country placed under the supervision of an armed police, formed of Christians and Mussulmans, in proportion to the numerical strength of each denomination The Governor of each province is to be a Christian, and to act under the control of consular com- missions appointed by the powers The local taxes are to he applied exclusively to local wants, and the Circassian settlers are to be withdrawn, and no Mohammedan immi- grants allowed to enter the country These terms being sure to perpetuate rebellion and anarchy in a country inhabited by Christians and Mussulmans in about equal proportions, will be rejected by the Porte and by several of the powers, yet they are satisfactory in so far as the occupation scheme IS withdrawn Whether a cup tute will actually be brought on by Russia in a great measure depends on the course adopted by Austria in the impending crisis. Were Austria ruled by a despot, or by the united will of a real nation, it would be easy to anticipate her action As it is she is torn in every possible direction by the alternat- ing influence of German and Slave, Roumanian and Magyar, settled in her chequered dominion For this reason it is difficult to calculate what is in store for us GENERAL SUMMARY (AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS TELEGRAMS ) The following are the concluding portions of the message published in The Argus of yesterday LONDON, Nov. 24. At a review at St Petersburg on the 15th, the Czar, addressing a body of officers, said, " Gentlemen, let us wish the best success to the commanders of our armies On the 11th November was published a despatch from Lord Derby to the ambassador at St. Petersburg, dated 20th October, giving a general review of what had been done by diplomacy during the last six months, and saying that England could not make an; pledges now that would better her future action. A conference will be held at Constantinople at the beginning of December England is to be represented by the Marquis of S timbury, Secretary for India, and Sir Henry Elliott ; France by Count Cbarubordy and her ambassador, turkey by the Grand Vizier and Ldheur Pasha, ambassador at Berlin, and Russia, Germany and Italy by their ambassadors at Constantinople Lord Salisbury left London on the 20th , and interviews with Marshal MacMahon and the Duke Decores at Paris on the 21st, arrived at Berlin on the 22 d, and had a two hours interview with Prince Bismarck the same evening had a long conversation with the Emperor yesterday, and left for Vienna this morning thence he will proceed to Rome, and will embark on a special steamer for Constantinople at Brm diBi Prince Bismarck is stated to have informed Lord Salisbury that Germany will remain perfectly neutral, and that ties of gratitude prevent her influencing Russia. The Berlin Post of the 19th inst. affirmed that several gentlemen had arrived at St. Petersburg from the United States, and had applied for letters of marque to be employed against English shipping in the event of war Russia has raised a loan of 100 million roubles in Russia Negotiations for loans in Holland and Germany were failures Ordinary traffic has been stopped on many of the lines in Russia leading to the Turkish frontier, and the export of horses has been prohibited. In Hungary manifestations hostile to Russia and in favour of Turkey have taken place, and the press strongly advocates a close alliance between Austria and England. To day a Whitehall Review states that immediately a Russian army crossed the Pruth an English force will at once be sent to occupy Constantinople and the lines across the peninsula, such a step will be taken in the interests of Europe, and not as a hostile measure. LATE TELEGRAMS. LONDON, Nov. 28. A letter speaking in eulogistic terms of Russia has appeared from the pen of Carlyle. He declares it would be an act of madness lot England to go to war against Russia for Turkey He proposes the expulsion of the Turkish governing classes from Europe, and the partition of Turkey between Russia and Austria, while England secures the route to India. He suggests that Bismarck should arbitrate between Russia and England. LONDON, DEC 2 At the consecration of the Venerable Ralph Johnson as Bishop of Calcutta, the new title of impress of India was used for the first time Obituary The Right Hon. Edward Hors- man, M P for Liskeard. THE EXPORTS The following are the exports for the month Melbourne, £057 COO, Sydney, £241 200 , Queensland, £117,100 , Adelaide, £212 800, Tasmania, £18 SOO, New Zealand, £307 700 The following are the principal items for Melbourne Gun powder, 2G3cirt; bar and rod iron, SOO tons, hoop iron, 85 tons, sheet iron, 80 tons, plate iron, 300 tons, pig iron, 471 tone, galvanised iron, 709 tons, fencing wire, 997 tons, tinplates, ¿ 000 boxes linseed oil, 24 legal , woolpacks, £848 , deals 200 loads , boards, 923 loads, tobacco, 262 9791b , brandy, bulk, 46 431gal , brandy, case, 14 975gal, rum, 16 Ollgal, geneva, 15 SlOgal, red wine, 17 oObgal , white wine, 10 720gal , beer, bulk, 76 barrels , beer, glass 1 891 barrels, malt, 1,(36 quarters , bops, C02ctvt, white salt, 170 tons, candles, 19cwt, currants, l,484arvt. INDIA AND THE EAST. CEYLON, DEC 15, The famine in certain Bombay and Madras districts continues, and subscriptions are being collected There have been deaths from starvation in the city of Madras The Duke of Buckingham is blamed for his inertness The late cyclone in Bengal was the most terrible on record The storm wave rose 20ft, rushed over a vast extent of thickly populated country from Backer Gunge to Mittagong, and 200 500 persons have perished. I be misery and destitution caused have been unprecedented Admiral MacDermot, in the flagship Undaunted, has arrived in li um bay from the African coast Bishop Mylne of Bombay, has been called to account for his political and Turkish ser- mona and interference with missionaries Lady Anna Gore Langton has left India for England. The Acheen war drags its slow length along, with great suffering and calamity in its train interference by other powers is called for now in the interests of humanity. The factious native Malay efforts have met Sir William Jervois in conference, and agree to abide by British policy, recognising the Maharajah of Johore as arbitrator in event of future disputes The Regent of Siam, with a large retinue, is going to attend the Delhi Assembly The Burmese embassy returned from Pekin loaded with presents Sir Thomas Wade British Minister to China is en route home The British gunboat Lapwing has been lost in the Gulf of Pechili No lives were lost. A Japanese gunboat has been wrecked and 23 lives lost, The Chinese Government has agreed to take over the Woosung Railway and work it for one year at least, after which it is expected to remove it, being jealous of innova- tion. CEYLON, DEC 16. The Pioneer announces Mr Whitby Stokes to be next legal member of Council Colonel Pulley, of the third Ghowkhas, is to be special artist at Delhi. The Viceroy continues his tour in the Pan jars and Scinde The cholera is raging very badly In Cabul, and the small-pox in Scinde. 