i - NO MORE BIITISH BLOOD FOR THE TURKS. The Bodies of ; some eight thousand English men moulder peacefully in the graveyard at Scutari. I fancy that the remembrance of their deaths might moderite the frenzy of the politi cians who seem best on hounding England on to a fresh war with Russia. Surely these politi- cians must be mainly young men, or they must have very short menories. Can you not recall, you who are middb aged, and whose memories are good, those tvo miserable years between the flight of the Alma and the fall of the Malakoff? Do you remember the Ghost's Derby Day of 1855 ? Do you remember when, on the Cliff of Brighton and the Marina at St. Leonard's, you could scarcely walk ten paces without groups of laides and children clad in deepest mourning for their fathers, husbands, brothers, sweetlearts, slain in that wretched Chersonese, or vho had sickened and died in the cheerless wardB of the Scutari Hospital ? Are we to have those years of private agony and bereavement, ol blundering and mismanage- ment, over agan; 1 suppose so. Glory is a very fine thing I am only a pekin, a civilian and I know notling about glory ; but I confess that my blood runs cold, and that my heart sickens, when I hear politicians pertly prating about the 'arbitrament of the Bward,' ana ' war clearing the atnosphere,' and so forth, I never met glory yet, aad I don't know what he or she is like ! but I hive met war face to face half a dozen times in m many countries. I have look ed into the wlites, or rather the crimsons, of his eyes and I have gazed upon the Sisters, who follow him whiresoever he goes. There are ' Three Sisters, aid their names are Repine, and Disease, and Death. This is, of. course, a miserable cravei and spiritless way of looking at war I cannot help it. I have seen only war's madness and wickedness, its foulness and squalor. To me it has represented nothing but robbery and profligacy, famine and slaughter ; and I cannot but think that if the warlike politicians were to witness just half an hour of actual warfare asl have witnessed it in America, in Italy, in Mexico, in France, in Spain, their martial ardour would cool down a little, and thev would not be auite so nromnt to blow the bellicose trumpet— G. A. Sala iu the Illustrated London News. 