THE MYSTERIES OF CRIME; OB, The Experiences of an Edinburgh Detective.—No. XLVI. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] A MAN-COQUETTE. The a1x>ye is a queer title, and may make some of my readers open their eyes. We are all familiar with the word " flirt," but it generally conveys the idea of a young and pretty girl who can sport with the feel ings of the opposite sex in the most heartless manner till she herself gets bitten, and then suffers more than she ever inflicted on man. Coquette means the same thing. Some how we never think of applying the words to men. Now don't jump out of your seat, for I am going to say something that may surprise you. The result of my experience is that male copuettes or flirts are quite as plentiful as female—if not more so. Many a poor girl, God help her 1 can echo the truth of my words. Many a. life has been clouded—many a grave has been filled— many a happy home darkened by these heartless, unpunishable monsters. The sin does not seem so great—only to smile on a girl, treat her to much flattery and a few kind attentions, get her to love you, and then throw her off, have a good laugh at her, and try the same with another—that is all. Yet it is a sin that blights—a sin that leaves a long train of darkness and suffering in its wake. I don't know veiy well how to hold the scales in the following case—indeed, it will be seen that there was sin on both sides, and on both sides, directly or indirectly, was that sin heavily punished. I am no hand at moralising, but I think the story will point its own lesson. I was out at a small station in a village about a mile and a half from the outskirts of Edinburgh, looking over the books in search of an important piece of evidence, when my business was suddenly put a stop to by the entrance of a young man in a state of great excitement. " "Where's Fairlie F" he demanded, nam ing the Superintendent. "Ben the house, I believe, at his tea," I answered, laying down my pen and shoving back my seat. "Anything serious the matter?" " Serious?" he echoed,as Fairlie made his his [appearance, munching at his disturbed meal—" I should think there is. Andrew Chisholm's got his twa een burned oot o' his heid; he'll never see mair in this world— so the doctor says. We took him there first, an' he's there now—sufferin' maist awfu'." " Hoot, toot," coolly returned the police man, drawing on his boots; "it canna be sae bad as a' that, now." "Av, but it is; an' you're tae come quick, was the excited rejoinder. " Ye'll do guess, now, wha's dime it a' ?" "Dune it ?" cried the policeman, looking up in horror, with one boot on. " Was it no an accident ?" " No; Jeanie Comrie did it a'. She got him tae meet her doon by the Cross Road, and then threw some burning' stuff oot o' a bottle in his een. It didna gang xieht in at first; but she was that determined that she grippet him by the hair and rubbed it inwi' her ain hands. Her richt hand's a' burnt wi' daein' it." "Maist awfu'l" echoed the policeman. " Lord help us a', what's the world comin' tae ?" "What was her object in committing such a dreadful outrage ?" I asked. " That's mair than onybody can tell. He doesna ken himsel'." " Strange. Was there no love affair be tween them?—no jilting or jealousy, or anything ?" '• Nane, nane. He never -went wi her in Lis life, that I ken o'; and Le says the same himsel'. He came roarin' up the lane, Laudin' Lis een, in tLe awfulest agony, an' some o' us tLat Leard Lim took Lim roond tae tLe doctor's. He -wants yae to see after tLe laasie Comrie, tLougL, afore sLe gets off; for sLe must Lave come oot from EdinLurgL for nae otLer purpose tLan tae Llind Lim." 1 TLe policeman looked to me for advice. " You'd Letter go and get tLe girl, wLile I go -with tLe young man and see tLis CLisLolm -wLo Las Leen injured," -was my Lasty decision; and it was at once acted upon. We turned out into tLe darkness, and parted—Le going one way, and I fol lowing my guide a good way out on tLe other side of tLe road to tLe Louse of the only medical man aLout tLe place. I found CLisLolm writLing and groaning in great agony, witL Lis eyes and the greater part of Lis face covered with ban dages, and Lis moutL filled witL one long stream of curses on tLe Lead of tLe autLor of Lis misery. At last it was made known to Lim tLat some one connected with tLe police stood before Lim, and tLen Le eagerly turned Lis bandaged face towards me and enquired— " Have you got Ler ? Have you got tLe fiend tLat did it ?" "We Lave not, but I don't think she will be long at large. Fairlie is gone to arrest Ler now. In the meantime I wish to a3k you a few questions, and for this purpose would be obliged if every one else would retire." TLis I said without looking at any one in particular, but they all—not even excepting the medical man himself— Lad the good sense to take the Lint; and in a moment we were alone. " Now," I said, " if you Lope for a con viction you must be free and unreserved with every particular. Tell me, in the first place, what was Ler reason for committing the crime" " I don't know—Low should I ?" There was a dogged hesitancy about the tone that roused my suspicions, and set me a-thinking. He had fidgeted uneasily at the proposal to be questioned alone, and even demurred aloud, but to that I could give no heed. Now I began to Lave an inkling of the cause. " Did you never injure Ler in any way ?" I put in with sharpness that startled Lim. "No." _ ' There's a great deal in the way a word is said, even though it should Lave only two letters. This answer, sullenly given, did not convey the idea of a negative; it simply said—" Why do you pry at me for details? I will tell nothing." "It is not likely," I suggested, " that she would do it, and burn herself in doing it, for nothing. Think again; you must have offended Ler in some way ?" • Another sullen, groaning pause, and then ' with an oath he cried— " Slie's mad—slie must be mad." "Why?" I was sharp with my question, hut.he could find no reply. All he said was— " How could I injure her, when she has been years in service in Edinburgh, and I all my lifetime out here ?" "I don't know. Are not her friends out here?" "Yes." " Well, you might have injured them. He cowered and made 110 reply. " Is it not so ?" I asked, determined to get some thing out of him. "I don't know—I never injured any body." ... - " Kay, that's not true, or else you are very unlike the most of people." "Ay, I daresay you'll believe all the lies she tells you," he said, with a show of bitterness. " Well, that won't save her —that's one good thing—for it won't give me back my sight." " I see you are in no mood to be communi cative; and I have no time to waste," I said rising to go. " But, mark me, I know there has been an injury, and I would stake a good deal that I trace that injury to you. I don't mean to defend this cruel women— quite the reverse." I left him there and then, and on the way back to the village was met by a message from the Superintendent, who informed me gleefully that " the woman was catched." The real fact was that we had scarcely left the Station when Jane Comrie, with her right hand bound up in a handkerchief, walked in and asked for Fairlie. Being informed of his absence, she calmly took a seat, and remained there without moving a muscle till he vras recalled. I gazed curiously and searchingly into her face as I entered and took my place at the desk, but I did not make much of it. It was a good-looking face, with a flashing, dangerous eye, and two cheeks burning red with suppressed excitement and pain com bined ; but it was a face that told no tales —a face rigid and stony with the power of the stern will beneath. But as soon as I was ready, her words came out as exact and clear as if they had been printed in a book. " I want to 'give myself up for blinding Andrew Chisliolm. 1 did it with vitroil, wbicb I bought in three shops in Edin burgh, and then put in a wide- mouthed bottle, so that it would come out easy. I meant to blind him—to make him that he could never look upon woman or man again." I stopped her there—or rather I was so horrified that my pen refused to move; and, after giving her the usual warning, I said— " What on earth, woman, prompted you to such a brutal outrage There was a change in her face now. It was like a quick flush and then a sudden paling, accompanied by a choking and catching for breath, which for some moments effectually prevented a reply. When the fit was over, she seemed as if about to reveal all, but some thought checked her, and she said in her former tones— " It matters not now. I feel in my heart that I have done right." " Woman," I sternly replied, " I don't know what your wrongs may be, but this I do know—you have done a cruel savage wrong. To blind a man in my way of thinking, is worse than talcing his life. I hope you may live to repent of it." I said' the words in some warmth and indignation, but I had no idea they would sink so deeply. But so it was; for, years after, she remembered them and repeated them to me word for word. Whether she did live to repent of it or not I shall show before I am done, for my story in its ups and down is quite as queer as the title. I use that word in preference to " surpris ing," for changes or inversions in fortune or misfortune are so common in this world that through time we even cease to be as tonished. The self-accused woman opened her eyes a little at my indignant speech, but she answered not a word. It was different with my nest question—it seemed to probe her to the quick in an instant. "Ihe man says he knows nothing that he has done to offend you, or cause you to act thus ?" The blood rushed into her face, and her eyes appeared positively on fire as she started forward and cried out— " Then he is a liar!" " Gently, gently," I interposed, waving her hack with the pen in my hand. " It is possible he may have injured you and yet be unconscious of it." " It is not possible !" was the fierce retort. " I told him all he had done before I blinded him. I made sure of that." •' And what had he done, may I ask ?" "Killed her!—killed my foster-sister, that was dearer to me than a hundred real sisters put together. Jessie Somerville wa3 buried on Tuesday, and after they were all gone from the grave, I stole in and there swore that she should be his last victim." " Victim P Killed her ?" I echoed, in the most open-mouthed astonishment. "Do you mean to say that Chisholm is a mur derer ?" "Yes, a murderer; but not such as you or the law can lay hands on. Do you know what a man coquette is ?" " Certainly; I've heard of such heartless wretches." " Ah! heartless wretches—you've struck the words exactly!" fiercely continued the girl. " He's one—or has teen—one of the the worst. I don't think you are alto gether destitute of feeling, though you are one of the police. Listen to my story, and then say if I have done so very wrong and in the same impassioned way she gave me the details, which I have condensed, as follow :— Jeanie Comrie and Jessie Somerville were not related in any way ; but, having been nursed and suckled together, they grew up with something very like that close drawn love between them which is so often noticeable in born twins. But Jeanie grew up strong, handsome, and masculine, while Jessie, the adopted orphan, grew up small, delicate, and bird-like. Jessie was full of love and impulsive affection—brimming over with it—and could no more help show ing it than the sun could help • shining or giving out warmth; but Jeanie shut hers up, in a kind of man's fashion, in her breast, and only gave herself up to watching, with an eagle eye, the welfare of her pretty little darling. Indeed, even when they were quite girls, it was remarked that Jeanie acted more like a mother—or a strong big brother—than a foster-sister. Thus, when they both became women, Jeanie would not for a moment hear of the delicate pretty creature going to work. No; it was merely a clioice between two. One was needed at home, and who was more fit to face the buffets of the world, and the hard work demanded for money, than she her self ? Jeanie bared her great, strong arm before the little family coimcil, and then held up Jessie's tiny hand, and bravely asked which was cut out by Providence for service ? Of course, there could be but one answer to that; and love and devotion carried the day. Jeanie took a place in Edinburgh—no in ducements in money could persuade her to go further—and trudged out regularly every Sunday to sie her little birdie, and let her nestle in her arms and tell her all her pleasures and troubles. But one Sunday , Jessie had something to tell which she couldn't get out, let her try as she might, and as no endearments on the part of Jeanie were any more successful in drawing it out, ! after much blushing and shrinking, she had to be content with Jessie's promise to let 1 her "know all next Sunday." The next Sunday came, and with it Jes sie's gently-breathed heart confession; but Jeanie's face became like stone when she mentioned the name of Andrew Chisholm. Jeanie had never been in love herself, but she knew that man and his reputation, and the mischief he had already done in his thoughtless way, and when she thought of the same agony coming to her darling birdie she was chilled to the heart. "You do not say anything," said Jessie, timidly looking up through the dim twi light, as they sat together after church hours. " You are not—not angry ?" " Angry ? No!" answered Jeanie, forcing a smile and giving her a kiss. " But I hope he will make you happy." " Happy! I am happy!" unsuspiciously returned Jessie, in an impulsive burst. "And he is so good and handsome, and loves me so much—and his eyes! when they look down into mine I just think. I'm in heaven!" Jeanie sighed, and the tears crept into her eyes, ana she strained Jessie closer to her breast, as if that would have saved the ethereal young girl from the evil she saw looming in the future; but Jessie was so full of her own sweet joy that she saw and felt nothing of her foster-sister's alarm. But about an hour after, when Jeanie turned down from the house to take her solitary walk into Edinburgh, she met the man she so much dreaded coming towards the house, and, though loathing him in her heart and guessing his errand, for the first time she felt inclined to address him and do all in her power to earn his good will. " What are you doing here ?" she asked him, rather bluntly, and watching his hand some face keenly through the darkness, after a few trivial questions and answers. " I wish I could ask him what he means to do!" she added to herself. " But, though it might save her a world of after pain, Jessie would never forgive me." "Oh, nothing," was the careless and smiling reply. "I half engaged to take your Jessie out for a walk, that's all." "From my soul I believe you," thought Jeanie, with her hands clenching instinc tively under her shawl. " A walk—that's all. My wee birdie's heart broken—that's all." Then, as calmly as she could force herself to speak, she added—" Are you as great a flirt among the girls as ever ?" " A flirt—oh, that's all nonsense that the people talk," he smilingly replied, evidently taking the implication as a compliment. " It's all stuff—none of the lassies will look at me." Jeanie read the shallow artifice, and the shallow, vain man that put it forth through and through; and then said, in a quiet still way that startled him— " I had a reason for asking." "Ha, ha, ha! You had, indeed?" de lightedly rejoined the man-coquette; " and what was the reason ?" " Because I don't want you to flirt with our Jessie," was the steady, unmoved reply. " How ?—what do you mean ? Do you 'want me not to go near her ?" he asked, drawing on a doleful look. " No, not at all," slie answered trying to look frank and smile; " you may go near her as often as you like, and take her walks too, if my father allows it; hut don't flirt with her. Don't trifle with her feelings. Let every word you say to her he true and sacred, as if you uttered it before the bar of God." " Eta, ha, ha! Lord, hut you would make a capital preacher, Jeanie," cried the empty headed fool; " I never thought you had so much of that stuff in you." She turned away with a sickening pang. This was the man upon whose flippant words and pretty face depended the whole happiness of her life's treasure—it was too much for her, and she almost groaned aloud. "Never mind what's in me," she dai-kly returned, as soon as she could speak. "Don't seek to discover either—it might be dan gerous." "Dangerous?" he echoed in astonish ment. " How ?" " I don't know," she answered in a fevered way; " I don't know what may he in me if I was sorely tried. But I feel it—power, strength, will—here," and her hand went down with a clench on her broad breast. " Upon my word I don't understand you," said the man-coquette, with a sickly smile, but shrinking a little. " Nor I you," was the quick retort. " But we will by-and-bye. Bemember, I've warned you in good time. It's better to break a finger than a heart—better to lose a sleeve than a whole gown. If there's a truthful spot in your heart bring it to the surface now, for you will have need of it." She said no more, but was off with a whisk, tearing over the dark rough road with great firm strides that might have shamed a man, and leaving him standing speechless, but with just the faintest dawn ing of fear in his craven heart. "I don't like that woman," he said to himself at last. " I think they've turned her head in at Edinburgh there. Yes, she must be madand with this comfortable reflection he pursued his way to the house, where the warm and tender reception of the fairv-like Jessie did much to soothe his ruffled spirits. One would think though that, after such a warning, he would, if not fairly fright ened away, have been more cautious with his looks and words. But, no; he was a practised hand, and had gone over the same ground repeatedly before. As Jessie's love was deep and overwhelming, so was her sensitive modesty great: and as yet he was not quite sure of his prey; he did not yet know that she loved him deeply enough to feel great sorrow if he cast her off. Can it be believed ? Does it not seem incredible that a man should lay himself out to such a silly, heartless end ? It may be believed, for I speak the truth, not of one alone, but of hundreds. Jeanie could not rest at her work, but by Tuesday had so wrought herself up in alarm that she rose an hour earlier and wrote a long letter of warning cart to Jessie. Jessie read it in wonder. She could not understand how her dear foster-sister could be so prejudiced, pitied her not a little, and, moth-like, continued to flutter round the flame that was to consume her. For two three weeks Jeanie noticed her happiness steadily on the increase, and had almost begun to hope that she had judged the man harshly, when there came a sudden blank. The haggard look on Jessie's face struck a sudden alarm to J eanie's heart the moment she reached the house one Sunday forenoon; and there was no church for her that day. Her father went, but, the two. girls being left alone, it was not long till Jessie was sobbing hysterically on the strong loving breast of her foster-sister. "He has not come near me for more than a week—and—and I heard that he was going with another girl!" sobbed the poor shrink ing Jessie. " Oh, Jeanie, if I should I038 him now it would kill me!" Jeanie could have said, woman-like, " I told you so—I knew it from the first," but she didn't. No ; she kissed the tears away, and resolutely tried to push back those in her own eyes as she whispered— "Hush! dearie—you are perhaps too good and pure for him. But do not dis tress yourself—you shall soon know what he means to do, for I shall go to him and demand to know." " Jeanie, Jeanie!" cried the timid suf ferer, starting up before her like a white ghost; " oh, you would not! Never, never! I would not have it for worlds. Promise me now—do, like a dear girl—never to allude to it in any way to him." "Well, well—I promise," said Jeanie, more to drive away the terrible scared look from the face before her than from any idea of what the words meant. " If he loves me he will come again," rea soned Jessie," in a half-hopeful strain, " for we never quarrelled. The only thing that may have offended him was when he asked me in a light way if I would like to be his wife. The words so'took my breath away that I couldn't speak for some time; but at last I stammered out, " Yes, in a year or two." Then he laughed outright, and said I was a great fool, with a lot of other play ful words like that, and he never came back again. I think I haven't been quite modest enough in my. answer—eh ?" " Modest enough ?" echoed Jeanie, draw ing her closer. "Oh, the monster! the heartless brute, that could treat you thus; he doesn't deserve the name of a man." " Oh, but he does," gently interposed Jessie. " You don't know how kind and good he seemed to mer But I don't care what he is—though he is the worst in the whole world—I love him, and that makes all the difference." " It does indeed," sighed Jeanie, bitterly, and then an awkward silence fell on the pair, as if there was like to be a kind of es trangement between them. But it was only for a while—they knew each other's hearts too well, and loved each other too deeply and devotedly, to allow a mere difference of opinion to separate them, and, having now unburtbened her griefs, Jessie appeared to brighten hopefully as the day advanced. That same night Jeanie, in turning in towards Edinburgh from the village, learned Chisholm's intentions without the asking, for she met the pretty-faced villan with another girl hanging on his arm, and he, as conscious of guilt, did not dare to meet her, but slunk suddenly off the pathway, right across the muddy roadway, and got past her thus with averted eyes. "Ah! so! I knew we would under stand each other by-and-bye," she muttered standing still and looking after him. " My wee birdie is to droop and droop—perhaps die—and you are to go on, and on, and on, and no one is to say nay ? We'll see, we'll see! I'm strong—very strong at times— and I mav spoil your beauty and fine eyes some day, if the fit only come3 on. Wait!" Jeanie said nothing to Jessie about the en counter—she would not have augumented her grief by one feather's weight; but Jessie had quite enough evidence of the kind shoved under her own notice to make her cry her eyes red and inflamed every night long, and make her sink and pine away till she was a mere walking shadow. An unaccountable dimness in her eyesight, which came on shortly after a slight chill in the morning, at last alarmed her adopted father, and he. took her to the resident medical man, who at once pronounced the trouble to be cataract of the eye in a mild form, and dismissed them with a lotion of some kind and a few common- place words about keeping cheerful and avoiding cold. But the eyes got dimmer and dimmer and upon Jeanie's arrival on the following Sunday she peremptorily insisted on Jessie being taken in to an Edinburgh Professor next day. This was done, and the great man's decision was that the cataract would have to be removed by an operation which at present the patient was hardly robust enough to bear. And so they returned home, with a heavy load on their hearts, but with Jessie cer tainly the most cheerful of the three, and even trying a smile as she said she would ruaTre haste to get strong as soon as possible, so that the thing might be done and she would see their dear faces again. But Jeanie, when she looked down on the white, emaciated face, only turned away and covered her eyes with the corner of her shawl, and then cried in a quiet way as if she would never have stopped. Days and weeks passed away, but Jessie got weaker and weaker, till at la3t she was hardly ever out of bed, and Jeanie had to get away whole days at a time from her place in Edinburgh to keep the house in order for her father, and soothe Jessie with her presence. The doctor came regularly, and, without hesitation, pronounced the disease consumption ! Consumption ? Well, I daresay, medically speaking, he Was right; but I would give it another name. Strangely enough, during all this time of sickness, Jessie had never once pro nounced Chisholm's name, nor in any way. alluded to him. But one Sunday, when the father was at church, Jeanie heard herself called hurredly. Jessie, whom she had fancied asleep, had started up in bed, with her stony'eyes turned eagerly towards the fireplace. "Hist! Jeanie dear, are you there.?" she eagerly whispered. "Here, dearie—here," was the quick answer. " That's? his step! and his voice!" cried the trembling sick girl. " Run to the win dow—quick—and tell me how he looks, or if he is coming here P Jeanie obeyed;' and there, sure enough, she saw Chisholm walking leisurely and laughingly past the house, with a girl lean ing on his arm. Jeanie stared at him with a face of marble; but she could find; no voice to say anything to Jessie. " He is going away—I hear him going away," sadly whispered the blind .girl. " Jeanie, dear, tell me, did he-look towards the house ?" A burst of sobs and a wild slinging in Jeanie's strong arms was the only answer. " Ah, you're afraid to answer—afraid to hurt me," sighed Jessie, running her soft fingers tenderly over Jeanie's loved features. "But, Jeanie—now, don't shrink and shudder—there was another step with his —it was a woman's, and it went with his— was she—was she like a sweetheart ?" "Don't ask me, Jessie—don't, if you love me!" burst in Jeannie at last. "Ah, I knew she was a sweetheart," sighed Jessie. " I hope she will make Mm a good wife—I hope she will be kind to him, and never give him a cross word. He deserves a good wife, though everybody does speak against him. I wasn't good enough, or strong enough, or pretty enough— didn't deserve to be his wife. Poorfellow, it's as well he gave me up, for how he would have suffered to see me sinking thus! Don't cry, Jeanie, for you must have guessed the truth long ago—I am never to see you again. There now, don't —don't, or your eyes will turn just like mine. No, Jeanie, I will never see you again, for my strength will never "come back, and the operation will never be made." She was not done speaking, though it was more than she had said for weeks, but a ghastly spasm crossed her face as she got the last w®rd out, and drew a scream of alarm from the strong girl who had her in her arms. Jeanie flewfor the medicine, hut before she got back to the bedside the blood was oozing from between the lips of the doomed girl, and her hands working convulsively in the air. Jeanie raised her in her arms—wiped everything from the lips—prayed aloud as she had never prayed before—and then bent her ear to catch what the moving lips were saying. " Tell him—tell him—I'm gone to heaven!" were Jessie's last words, andhalf an- hour after uttering them she was calm and smiling, but her heart was stilled for ever. Jeanie allowed herself no rest. She carried the dear form in her own arms into the room — dressed it as tenderly and lovingly as ever mother did child—drew a white counterpane over it—put down the blinds—and then went back to the kitchen, took up her Bible, and tried to read or pray-—anything to keep out thought. Her father's step took her -quick to the door. He noticed nothing, but said anxiously— " Jessie—is she any better ?" " Come in, father," said Jeannie, tenderly, but with a strange calmness—" come in, for I am all you have now. Jessie is dead." Jeanie waited till after the funeral, and then went back to her place in Edinburgh for a few days before leaving it to come home finally. She had sworn over Jessie's grave that this should be Chisholm's last victim, but, after thinking of the means, she had still enough of good training in her to make it a hard struggle to actually come to the deed. At last, just as she was leaving the town, in a half-maddened state, she got the vitriol. Sending for Chisholm, then de terminedly blinding him, were easy after that, and thus ended her story. But mine is not done yet, for perhaps the most curious part of it all is to come yet. J eanie was duly tried, but, being defended by an able lawyer, who knew well how to make the most of the points I have brought out, she got off with eighteen months' im prisonment. But liere comes the strange thing. When she had been ahout a year in prison, she •was attacked by precisely the same symp toms as Jessie, and for nearly three months was in hospital, almost totally blind. It was during this period of temporary darkness as she afterwards confessed to me, that she first recalled my words, " I hope you may live to repent it," and by the time she again saw the light she was thoroughly subdued, and the first use she made of her eyesight was to write a long letter—beautiful and touching in the extreme—to Chisholm, imploring his forgiveness, and offering to do anything in her power to alleviate his affliction. Now, it so happened that though Chisholm had recovered the use of one eye, his sight was so far injured as to forbid the prosecution of his ordinary calling, and as soon as Jeanie was released he thankfully accepted her offer to take the post of gate keeper in a factory at the outskirts of Edin burgh, in which her own father now held a position of trust. In this position of affairs it came about that Chisholm and Jeanie often met, and always as friends. It is said that pity is closely akin to love; but whether this is true or not, Jeanie's sympa thy so far merged into a warmer feeling that when at last the changed man ventured to ask her hand in marriage in the presence of her father she did notrefuse, but actually went down on her knees and said that her whole life would be devoted to making him happy. And so they were married; and so I wish my story could end; but, if I am to be truthful, it cannot. Two years after her marriage the dimness in Jeanie's eyes re turned ; and, this time, instead of going to a properly qualified medical man, she wa3 induced to consult a quack oculist, who' Srofessed to cure cataract without cutting, 'he consequence was that her sight was" permanently injured, and while the sight of her husband's one eye seemed to get clearer, she gradually receded into darkness, and finally became totally blind.- Her hus band's devotion, patience, and cheerfulness at last seemed to reconcile her to her fate ; and now that ten years of married life have passed over their heads, and a blythesoma family is springing up around them, con sidering the distressing circumstances, I daresay there is not a more agreeable or happy couple in Edinburgh. At the opening exercises of Abbott Academy. Andover, Mass., Professor Smith told the young ladies that, while he was not "prepared to send them forth as captains in the social ship, there would .never be any difficulty in their finding situations as first mates." 