" LOOK TO YOUR NOSE." THIS IS a very oommoa expression, but there id more in it than at first meets the eye. Noaeology is a neglected Boience, Or. Watts wrote " The mind's the standard of the man." N'lSBoinuiBtR have n different idea. Their great apostle Mr. Sjoatie, thought that the qubq is the true needle to poiut to the load* xtone of heart and mind alike. It i* the mosi prominent ontooiue t>f tha iuner natura. It attaohe« to itself h11 the menial superiority of the human ot'smoKony. The varieties of nosea are legion-the ahadeB of difference are multifarious, even in uiishb with a like general outline. These iffereuces are perceptible, yet in many o«ea so t'aiutly so that oue would almost need to h!<i into louarithuis to estimate precisely. The contour of the face affects nosea ereatlv. and a like pattern of nose on a f«ir man (.'resent* ft difference of Hppenranoe upon a dark i and ou fair aud dark dlikw the wewthep, worry, or sickness makes « wonderful alteration, Into tbe minutice of noses, however, there la little need to enter, as most observers can take stook of them after a description of the four gtnerio types, Aa the study progresses the types can be divided and subdivided aooord. lug to the keenness of the observation ot the reader, The generio order of noses 1B here put thm i 1\. The Pug. 8\. The R'ltuan. 3\. Tae QreoUo, 4, The Grecian, or CompoRite Order. The puij nose, pur et simple, ifc will readily be admitted by all-txopfc, perhaps, its possessor-is by no sienna an atiraotlva feature in the faae, especially if the upward aurve Btarts about a third of the dUtnnot* from whenue the organ is elluilnaUd i'r«m th, forehand. Tnere are pug noses, esyeoially in Irishmen, if not t >o much elevated skyward whioh art) not without humour if they happen to be set off with twinkling Mue or light gr^y eye*; but if tlie "diamonds" at eaoh Kidtt are not exprenaive, the puif no*a is almost next to repulsive. As a rule, from a pug nose supplementary to an opaque faoa, the writer instinotively recoils. The owner of the common pug is seldom a brilliant indi vidual, but if he happens to possess talents it may almost be accepted as an axiom that he is overbearing. Not unfrequently he is laborious, anxious to learn, but rarely can get further than an inconsequential sneer. The oommon pug haa something like the ferocity of the bull.dog about it, with the vacillating nature of the pug in the oanine apjoies. The owner of the uncommon pug by no means bears BO bad a oharaoter. There is something more intellectual about him. although it is said by noseologists that he is. a combination between a prizefighter and e, drunken politician, and it would go against the grain to deolare that '' no one with an uncommon pug nose oould be either a soulptor, a poet, or a painter." Eeoent history has tola us very differently. The oomraon Koiqan nose is held in little repute by those who are attempting to revive this unhappily negleoted soienoe of noseology. From the bridge it is rounded off to the tip. If not strongly marked after the fashion of the late Iron Duke, the mind is not of the highest order, it barely rises above medioority (the "man owner of the nose, it should be understood), and bedizens itself on breast and fingers with gaudy jewels. The unooramon Romau nose is altogether of a different oalibre. There is a something about it whioh must assert itself if oulture has been added to the probosois. It is a kind of nose whioh over comes all opposition, whioh has enabled men to conquer mortal achievements--" to mould the world to their will." Notably, to use Sloauo's words in our ownoentuvy, Napoleon and Wellington were in the possession of suoh noses. " Napoleon know the seorets of noseology, ho knew what advantages there were in a good Boman nose. He selected his generals, aud put them into plaoes of trust and oonfidenoj by the length and height of their noses. The Duke of Wellington, one of the most illustrious of -warriors in times anoient or modern, had a strikingly remark able Boman nose. By this nose he oonquered Napoleon, and in,that nose saved Britain from beooming a provinoe of Franoe. May she ever have suoh a nose in emergencies," and so on. The Grecian nose, straighter than the Boman, lacks the fiery energy. It is more oharaoteristio of J amiability ana refinement. It indicates passion, too, but its real passion means not the sword or the spear, but the lute of Apollo and the brush of Apelles. Byron fought and died for that nose, yet still the oup of Samian wine needs to be swallowed under protest. But it is a oomfort to think that there are other noses not so bad as the pug, nor so valiant as the Boman, nor quite so refined as the Grecian, but possessing in a mixed degree the best qualities of all, guided by a wise discretion. This in noseology is oalled the Composite nose, and it is the sort that is generally met with in the streets. " It should run in a direct angle," we are told, from the forehead, should be Btraight, regular, and of a good size. 11 Faots prove and oiroumstanoes oonflrm that this order is suited for attaining eminence in any of the arts and sciences, in i the senate, or the bar, in oommerce or in agrioulture." The toper's nose speaks for itself. It is not by any means comely, but there is a certain amount of jollity about it whioh even Sir Wilfrid Lawaon could soaroely fail to appreciate in. presence of the owner. It bespeaks saok more than solid. Flat noses ara held in less esteem by noseologiBts than any other pattern. It is argued that the flatness of the nose indicates flatness of mind, and that no nation of flat noses have over made their wav upon the earth. So far as what we, understand by civilisation, this idea oannot be satisfactorily disputed. ii needB no ghost from tho grave to tell that booked noBe behind wbioh ia set the keen eye belongs to the raoe of the Father of the Faithful-tbat raoe whioh, enduring muoh contumely and cruel persecution through long centuries, preserved through all its toils, trials, and shocking Bufferings in aooumu lating that powerful ogenoy called luore to Buoh an amount that it may almost safely be Baid to rule the world. Bloane has a wonderful appreciation of this nose. He is more eloquent about it than of any of the others, taking it from a peouniary stand point. He asks where are the Pharaohs, and then says, " That nose wbioh toiled and Btrained under the whip of a taskmaster still exists in all ita hooked rotundity, aa large and aa well defined as ever, whilst the naaal organ o( the oppressor hau vanished, and no. where txiBtB save in the xemaina ol its Boulptnie." ~ ' THE painter, when he first sees a baby eat whortleberry pie, begins to comprehend how limited is the power of Ma «ri. 