THE WAE— THE THEATRE OP OPERATIONS. Tlie field of fight embraces lands famous thrpu({h all the recorded, annals of accepted time. Witfua the territory, which, is covered in part by our map, and over ?which floats iij hostile «'r»y the Tw!*1 crescent and the Russian Cross, the bumble r»ce has received its most memorable imoulses. taons or the other portion pf the present gijsat. field °* Contest, the progresi of man, as well as' liie V&ro-; grea-ion, has' been most definitely marked. Look at it for one moment, and recall thereby the crowding associations And memories which orise before one's mental vision. The wave» of the Mediterranean and Black sea lave the shares of the Turkish empire, now tottering in' its decljne. The lands that decay lieneath the green banner of Islam are the cradle lands of tlie world's civiliza tion. The stupendous idea of the one God— that monotheistic conception 'which, whatever may be said of ' ghosts,' has done more than all the other early intellectual apprehensions of man to mold and enlarge his capacity for civilisation, without doubt hem fiiet took root in the brain of the racg. The names we are constantly heariug ana repeat ing as part of the current war news recall the most stirring, and even sacred, associations tbat belong to our Aryan eiviljuaJion. Mount Ararat, held sacred and symbolical by the ino&t; advanced CQfnfllUJilttes of the world, and near which ruustbe the seeue of a great battle, recalls the pivotal beginnings of the race, according to a most widely acebpted scripture and theology. Within the b«w Pf the Itediterraeean. defiled jiow by the rule uf the Turk, He, who isaceptea as the world's Saviour by so many millions, lived and died at the Simple peasant- mystic, whose religious life and death, embodying a$ it did the conception of a divine Immnnity, has, T»'ith iU equities and pluio eophy. plowly, perhaps, but surely, changed and ejilarged the wowdVavilisation. 'Over'thc Asiatic lauds where the dift of Ernies arise, hare marched the old world's conqueiws. i'erses and Oyrus moved michty hosts across them ; Alexander, the empire builder, swept through th$m in fesUtless might, cutting, as bis later naroesake ie npw seek ing to do, the gordiau knot of that day with his conquering sword. Asiatic hordes, named and un named, havs descended on them in desolatiug fury. the Komau held sway hare ? the Greek niade these lands lovely and famous in song and story, ftrt and philosophy, heroism aud effort. The itjmpire of tbe liast, founded by Ognstantiue, was enthroned here, rivaimg at times its Houinn prot .type in tlw splendour of its sway. The Crusaders inarched across them to redeem the Holy Land; the feett of the struggling Turk and Slavonian everywhere press the ruin? of fallen empires and the debris of mighty cities. Id the waters now plowed by the keels oi1 the armed fleets of both combatants have sailed the crafts of olden heroes ; men whose names and stories have been the world's admiration for many ages. Along the shores which have for four centuries Accepted Ot toman rule, blind old Homer's heroes sailed. Wise Ulysses went up aud down then on his voyeges. Penelope spun her web in view of their blue waves ; the elder Argouauts went on their quest for tbe golden tieeee across the Golden Horn, and the conflict of state, the fable of schools that grew on tha.se shores, reverberates through the centuries and molds the life of all succeeding generations. Nowhere else on the world's surface are so mauy potential historical associations knit and bound together as belonging to the lands that have been so long contaminated by the Ottoman's camp. The very cradle of creatioft, the Jiearth rtone of civilisation, the lupUwr-Jujait q[ human life, teaming, art. beauty^ heroism, and struggle, occupied mi defiled tiy thoso who, to be true to themselves, must despise and obliterate every trace that an Aryan civilisation, holds dearest. So unite all memories and all fables; all histories, whether misty with the dim glory of. mytliplogic tradition of glowing in the full blaze of modern investigation ; the great poetns of the race ; the philosophies that have shaped tUe thought of succeeding centuries— all alike found in these lands their initiative. The genius of the ancients is still the guide of the modern. Amid the desolation Bud ruin of tbe alien present, civili sation eagerly looks in the near future for a new life and higher results. Whatsoever may be the immediate outcome of the strife bptweenthe Otto man aud the Slavonian, these lands, again re newed by their baptism of blood, must rise fionj the lethargy o( centuries to reoccupy something nearer the place which their great past demands. 