JOHN MAROHMONT'S LEGACY. • CHAPTER XLir. A MODEUK 6AUDAKAPAIAS. BY TUB AUTHOR OF "LADY AUDLEY's 6ECKET," " eleanok's victory," &c.;, &c.; There had never been but this one road to good fortune open to hira. He was a clever man, but his was not the cleverness which can transmute itself into solid wish. He could only paint indifferent pictures, and lie had existed long enough by picture-painting to realize the utter hopelessness of success 111 that career. He had borne his life while he was in it, but he could not bear to go back to it. He had been out of it, and had tasted another phase of existence; and he could see it all now plainly, as if he had been a spectator sitting in the" boxes and watching a dreary play performed upon a stage before him. The performers in the remotest provincial theatre believe in the plav they are acting. The oinuipotenceof passion creates dewy groves and moonlit atmospheres, ducal robes and beautiful women. But the metropolitan spectator, in whose mind the memory of better things is still fresh, sees that the moonlit trees are poor distemper daubs, pushed on by dirty carpenters, and the moon a green buttle borrowed from a druggist's shop, the ducal robes threadbare cotton velvet and tarnished tinsel, and the heroine of the drama old and ugly. So Paul looked at the life he had endured, and wondered as he saw how horrible it was. He could see the shabby lodging, the faded furniture, the miserable handful of fire struggling with the smoke in a shallow grate, that had been half-blocked up with bricks by some former tenant as badly off as himself. He could look back at that dismal room, with the ugly paper on the wails, the scanty curtains flapping in the wind which they pretended to shut out; the figure of his mother sitting near the fireplace, with that pale, anxious face, which was a perpetual complaint against hardship and discomfort. He could see his sister standing at the window in the dusky twilight, patching up some wornout garment, and straining her eyes for the sake of economizing in the matter of half an inch of candle. And the street below|the window—the shabby-genteel street, with a dingy shop breaking out here aud there, and children playing on the door-steps, aud a muffin-bell jingling through the evening fog, and a melancholy Italian grinding "Home, sweet home! " in the patch of lighted road opposite the pawnbroker's. He saw it all; and it was all alike—sordid, miserable, and hopeless. Paul Marchmont had never sunk so low as his cousin John. He had never descended so far in the social scale as to carry a banner at Drury Lane, or to live in one room in Oakleystreet, Lambeth. But there had been times when to pay the rent of three rooms had been next kin to an impossibility to the artist, aud when the honorarium of a shilling a night would have been very acceptable to him. He had drained the cup of poverty to the dregs : and now the enp was filled again, and the bitter draught was pushed once more into his unwilling hand. He must drink that, or another potion—a sleeping-draught, which is commonly called Death. He must die! But how? His coward heart sank as the awful question pressed closer upon him. He must die !•—tonight—at once—in that house; so that when they came in the morning to eject liiin, they would have little trouble; they would only have to carry out a corpse. He walked up and down the room biting his nails to the quick, but coining to no resolution, until he was interrupted by the bell ringing at the lobby-door. It was the messenger from his sister, no doubt. Paul drew his watch from his waistcoat-pocket, unfastened his chain, took a set of gold studs from the breast of his shirt, and a 6ignet-ring from his finger; then he sat down at a writing table, and packed the watch aud chain, the studs and signet-ring, in a large envelope. He sealed this packet, and addressed it to his sister; tlxeu he took the candle and went to the lobby. Mrs. Weston had sent a young man who was an assistant and pupil of her husband's—a good-tempered young fellow, who willingly served her in her hour of trouble. Paul gave this messenger the key of his dressing-case and the packet. "You will be sure and put that in my sister's hands," he said. " Oh yes, sir. Mrs. Weston gave me this letter for you, sir. Am I to wait for an answer?" " No; there will be no answer. Good night." " Good night, sir." The young man went away; and Paul Marchmont heard liim whistle a popular melody as he walked along the cloistered way and out of the quadrangle by a low archway commonly used by (lie tradespeople who came to the Towers, The aitist stood and listened to the j;oung man's departing footsteps. Then, with a horrible thrill of anguish, he remembered that he had seen his last of mankind—ho had heard his last of human voices; for he was to kill himself that night He stood in the dark lobby, looking out into the quadrangle. He was quite alone in the house; for the girl who let hira in was in the laundry with her mother. He could see the figures of the two women moving about in a gr.at ga-lit chamber upon the other side of the quadrangle—a building which had no communication with the rest of the house. He was to die that night; aud he had not yet even determined how he was to die. ( He mechanically opened Mrs. Weston s letter; it was only a few lines, telling him that Peterson had arrived with the portmanteau and dressing-case, and that there would be a comfortable room prepared for him. " I am so glad you have changed your mind, aud are coming to me, Paul," Mrs. Weston concluded. " Your manner, when we parted to-night, almost alarmed me." Paul groauwl aloud as he crushed the letter in his hand. Then lie went back to the western diawing-wwm. He heard strange sounds iu the empty rooms as he passed by their open doors, weird creaking sounds and melancholy moanings in the wide chimneys, It seemed as if all the ghosts of Marchmont Towers were astir to-night, moved by an awful prescience of some coming horror. Paul Marchmont was an atheist; but atheism, although a very pleasant theme for critical and argumentative discussion after a lobster supper and unlimited champagne, is but a poor staff to lean upon when the wornout traveller approaches the mysterious portals of the unknown land. The artist had boasted of his belief in annihilation ; and had declared himself perfectly satisfied with a materialistic or pantheistic arrangement of the universe, and very indifferent as to whether he cropped up in future years as a summer-cabbage, or a uew Raphael; so long as the ten stone or so of matter of which he was composed was made use of somehow or other, aud did its duty in the great scheme of a scientific universe. But, oh! how that empty, soulless creed slipped away from him now, when he 6tood alone in this tenantless house shuddering at strange spirit-noises, and horrified by a host of mystic fears—gigantic, shapeless terrors—that crowded in his empty, godless mind, and filled it with their hideous presence 1 He had refosed to believe in a personal God. He had laughed at the idea that there was any Deity to whom the individual can appeal, in his hour of grief or trouble, with the hope of any separate mercy, any special grace. He had rejected the Christian's simple creed, and now—now that he had floated away from the shores of life, and felt himself borne upon an irresistible current to that mysterious other side, what did he not believe in ?" " I must be going mad," he muttered to himself. " I am going mad." But still the great question was unanswered —How was he to kill himself I ** I must settle that," he thought. I dare not think of any thing that may come afterwards. Besides, what should come ? I know that there is nothing. Have not I heard it demonstrated by cleverer men than I am ? Have I not looked at it in every light, and weighed it in every scale—always with the same result? Yes ; I know that there is nothing after the one short Jiang, any more than there is pain in the nerve of a tooth, wheu the tooth is gone. The nerve was the soul of the tooth, I suppose; but wrench away the body, and the soul is dead. Why should I be afraid? One short pain—it will seem long, I dare say—and then I shall lie still for ever and ever, and melt slowly back into the elements out of which I was created. Yes; I shall lie still—and be nothing." Paul Marchmont sat thinking of this for a long time. Was it such a great advantage, after all, this annihilation, the sovereign good of the atheist's barren creed ? It seemed tonight to this man as if it would be better to be anything—to suffer anguish, any penalty for his sins, than to be blotted out for ever and ever from any conscious part in the grand harmony of the universe. If he could have believed in that Roman Catholic doctrine of purgatory, and that after cycles of years of suffering he might rise at last, purified from his sins, worthy to dwell among the angels, how differently would death have appeared to him! He might have gone to hide himself in some foreign city, to perform patient daily sacrifices, humble acts of self- abnegation, every one of which should be a new figure, however small a one, to be 6et against the great sum of his sin. But he could not believe. There is a vulgar proverb which says, " You cannot have your loaf and eat it;" or if proverbs would only be grammatical, it might be better worded, " You cannot eat your loaf, and have it to eat on some future occasion." Neither can you indulge in rationalistic discussions or epigrammatic pleasantry about the Great Creator who made you, and then turn and cry cloud to Him in the dreadful hour of your despair: "0 my God, whom I have insulted and offended, help the miserable wretch who for twenty years has obstinately shut his heart against Thee 1" It may be that God would forgive and hear even at that last supreme moment, as Ho heard the penitent thief upon the cross; but the penitent thief had been a sinner, hot an unbeliever, and he could pray. The hard heart of the atheist freezes his breast when he would repent and put away his iniquities. When he would fain turn to his offended Maker, the words that he tries to speak die away upon his lips; for the habit of blasphemy is too strong upon hint. Paul Marchmont could not fashion a prayer. Horrible witticisms arose up between him and the words he would have spoken—ghastly Ion mots, which had seemed so brilliant at a lamplit dinner-table, spoken to a joyous accompaniment of champagne-corks and laughter. Ah, me ! the world was behind this man now, with all its pleasures ; and he looked back upon it, aud thought that, even when it seemed gayest and brightest, it was only like a great roaring fair, with flaring lights, and noisy showmen clamouring for over to a struggling crowd. How should he die > Should ho go up-staira and cut his throat ? He stood before one of his pictures—a pet picture; a gill's face by Millais, lookingtlirough the moonlight, fantastically beautiful. He stood before this picture, and he felt one small separate pang amid all his rniBcry as he remembered that Edward and Mary Arundel were now possessors of this particular gem. " They shan't have it," he muttered to himself ; " they shan't have this, at any rate." He took a penknife from his pocket, aud hacked and ripped the canvas savagely, till it hung in ribbons from the deep gilded frame. Theii lie smiled to himself, for the first since he had entered that house, and his eyes flashed with a sudden light " I have lived like Sardanapalus for the last year," he cried aloud ; " and I will die like Sardanapalus!" There was a fragile piece of furniture near him,—an ctagere of marqueterie work loaded with costly bric-a-brac, Oriental porcelain, Sevres and Dresden, old Chelsea and crown Derby cups and saucers, and quaint teapots, crawling vermin in Pallissy ware, Indian monstrosities, and all manner of expensive absurdities, heaped together in artisticconfiision. Paul Marchmont struck the slim leg of the etagere with his foot, and laughed aloud as the fragile toys fell iuto a rained heap upon the carpet. He stamped upon the broken china; aud the frail cups and saucers crackled liko eggshells under his savage feet. " I will die like Sardanapalus!" ho cried; " the King Arbaces shall never rest in the palace I have beautified. ' Nov order here Fagots, pine-nuts, and wither'd leaves, and such Things as catch fire with one sole spark ; Bring ccdar, too, aud precious drags and spiceB, And mighty planks, to nourish a tall pile ; Bring fraukinccnse and myrrh, too; for it is For a great sacrifice I build the pyre.' I don't think much of your blank verse, George Gordon Noel Byron. Your lines end on lame syllables; your blank verse lacks the fiery ring of your rhymes. I wor.der whether Marchmont Towers is insured ? Yes, I remember paying a premium last Christmas. They may have a sharp tussle with the insurance companies though. Yes, I will die like Sardanapalus—no, not like him, for I have no Myrrha to mount the pile and cling about me to the last Pshaw ! a modern Myrrha would leave Sardanapalus to perish alone, and be off to make herself safe with the new king." Paul snatched up the candlo, and went out into the hall. He laughed discordantly, and spoke in loud ringing tones. His manner had that feverish excitement which the French call exaltation. He ran up the broad stairs leading to the long corridor, out of which his own rooms, and his mother's and sister's rooms, opened. Ah, how pretty they were! How elegant ho had made them in his reckless disregard of expense, his artistic delight in the task of beautification ! There were no shutters here, and the summer breeze blew iu through the broken windows, and stirred the gauzy muslin curtains, the gay chintz draperies, the cloudlike festoons of silk and lace. Paul Marchmont went from room to room with the flaring candle in his hand; and wherever there were curtains or draperies about the windows, the beds, the dressing-tables, the low loungingchairs, and cosy little sofas, he sot alight to them. Ho did this with wonderful rapidity, leaving flames behind him as he traversed the long corridor, and coming back thus to the stairs. He wont down-stairs again, and returned to the western drawing-room. Then he blew out his candle, turned out the gas. and waited. " How soon will it come?" he thought. The shutters were shut, and the room quite u dark. « Shalt I over have courage to stop till it comeat" Paul Marchmont groped his way to the door, douhle-lockod it, and then took the koy from the look. He wont to one of tho windows, clambered upon a chair, opened tho top shutters, and flung tho koy out through tho broken window. He heard it strike jingling upon tho stone terrace and then bound away, Heavens knows where. " I shan't be able to go out by that door, at any rate," ho thought. It was quite dark iu the room, but the reflection of the spreading flames was growing crimson in the sky outside. Mr, Marchmont went away from tho window, feeling his way amongst the chairs and tables. Ho could see the red light through the crevices of the shutters, and a lurid patch of sky through that one window, the upper half of which he had left open. Ho sat down, somewhere near the centre of the room, and waited. " The smoke will kill me," he thought. " I shall know nothing of the fire," He sat quite still. He had trembled violently while he had goue from rooiu to room doing his horrible work j but his nerves seemed steadier now. Steadier! Why, he was transformed to stone I llis heart seemed to have stopped beating; and he only knew by a sick anguish, a dull aching paiu, that it was still iu his breast. Ho sat waiting and thinking. Iu that time all the loug story of the past was acted before him, aud he saw what a wretch he had been. I do not kuow whether this was penitence ; but looking at that enacted story, Paul Marchmont thought that his own part in the play was. a mistake, and that it was a foolish thing to be a villain. When a great flock of frightened people, with a fire-engine out of order, and drawn by whooping men and boys, came hurrying up to tho Towers, they found a blazing edifice, which looked like an enchanted castle—great stone-framed windows vomiting flame; tall chimneys toppling down upou a fiery roof; molten lead, like water turned to fire, streaming in flaming cataracts upon the terrace; and all the sky lit up by that vast pile of blazing ruin. Only salamanders, or poor Mr. Braidwood's own chosen band, could have approached Marchmont Towers that night. .Neither the Kemberling firemen nor the' Swampington firemen, who came by-and- by, wore salamanders or Braidwoods. They stood aloof and squirted water at the flames, and recoiled aghast by-and-by when the roof came down like an avalanche of blazing timber, leaving only a gaunt gigantic skeleton of redhot stone where Marchmont Towers once had been. When it was 6afe to venture in amongst the ruins—and this was not for many hours after the fire had burnt itself out—people looked for Paul Marchmont; but amidst all that vast chaos of smouldering ashes, there was nothing found that could be identified as the remains of a human being. No one knew where the artist had been at the time of the fire,or indeed whether he had been in the house at all; and the popular opinion was, that Paul Marchmont had set fire to the mansion, and had fled away before the flames began to spread. But Lavinia Weston knew better than this. She knew now why her brother had sent her every scrap of valuable property belonging to him. She understood now why he had come hack to bid her good night for the second time and press his cold lips to here. ' CHAPTER THE LAST. " DEAR IS THE MEMORY OP OUU WEDDED LIVES." Mary and Edward Arundel saw the awful light in the sky, aud heard the voices of the people shouting in the street below, and calling to one another that Marchmont Towers was on fire. The young mistress of the burning pile had very little concern for her property. She only kept saying again and agatu, " Oh, Edward! I hope there is no one in the house. God grant there may be no one in the house!" And when the flames were highest, and it seemed by the light iu the sky as if all Lincolnshire lias been blazing, Edward's wife flung herself upon her knees, and prayed aloud for any unhappy creature that might be in peril. Oh, if we could dare to think that this inuocent girl's prayer was heard before tho throne of an Awful Judge, pleading for the soul of a wicked man J Early the next morning, Mrs. Arundel came from Lawford Grange with her confidential maid, aud carried off her daughter-in-law and the baby, on the first stage of the journey into Devonshire. Before she left Kemberling, Mary was told that no dead body had been found amongst the ruins of tho Towers j and this assertion deluded her into the belief that no unhappy creature had perished. So they went to Dangerfield happier than she had ever been since the sunny days of her honeymoon, to wait there for tho coming of Edward Arundel, who was to stay behind to see Richard Pauleite and Mr. Gromby, and to secure tho testimony of Mr. Weston and Bet$y Murrel, with a view to tho identification of Mary's little son, who had been neither registered nor christened. There is no need to dwell upon this identification, registration, and christening, through which Master Edward Aruudel had to pass in tho course of the noxt month. It is better to go on to that happy time which Edward and his young wife spent together under tho oaks at Daugerfield—that bright second honeymoon season, while they were as yet houseless; for a villa-like mansion was being built on the Marchmont property, far away from the dank wood and tho dismal river, in a pretty pastoral little nook, which was a fair oasis amidst tho general dreariness of Lincolnshire. The grand feature of this happy time was The Badv. It will be of course easily understood that this child stood alone amongst babies. There never had been another such infant; it was more than probable there would never agaiu be such a one. In ever attribute of babyhood lie was in advance of the rest of his race. Prospective greatness was stamped upon his brow. He would be a Clive or a Wellington; unless, indeed, he should have a fancy for the Bar aud the Woolsack, in which case ho would be a little more erudite than Lyndhurst, a trifle mora eloquent than Brougham. All this was palpable to the meanest capacity in the very manner in which this child crowed in his nurse's anus, or choked himself with farinaceous food, or smiled recognition at his young father, or performed the simplest act common to infancy. Mi'- Saut might have been pleased to paint one of those summer scenes at Dangerfield— the proud soldier-father; the pale young wife; the handsome, matronly grandmother; and, as the mystic centre of that magic circle, the toddling flaxen haired baby, held up by his fathers hands, and taking prodigious strides in imitation of papa's big stops. It seems almost a pity that children are not children for ever—that the pretty baby-boy by Sant, all rosy and flaxen and blue-eyed, should ever grow iuto the great augular preltaphaelite hobbledehoy, horribly big aud out of drawing. But neither Edward nor Mary, nor, above all, Mrs. Aruudel, were of this opinion. They were as eager for the child to grow up aud enter for the great races of this life, as some speculative turf magnate who has given a fancy price for a yearling, and is pining to see the animal a far-famed threeyear- old, and winner of the double event. Before the child had cut a double-tooth, Mrs. Aruudel, senior, had decided in favor of Eton as opposed to Harrow, and was balancing the conflicting advantages of classical Oxford and mathematical Cambridge; while Edward could not see the baby-boy rolling on the grass with a blue sash fluttering in the breeze without thinking of his son's future appearance in tho uniform of his owu regiment, gorgeous iu the splendid crush of a levee at St. James's. How many airy castles were erected in that happy time, with the baby for the foundation stone of all of them! The Baby ! Why, that definite article alone expresses an infinity of foolish love and admiration. Nobody says the father, the husband, the mother; it is " my " father, my husband, as the case may be. But every baby, from St. Giles's to Belgravia, from Tyburnia to St. Luke's, is "the" baby. Tho infant's reign is short, his royalty is supreme, and no one presumes to question his despotic rule. Edward Arundel almost worshipped the little child whose feeble cry he had heard in the October twilight, and had not recognized. He was never tired of reproaching himself for that omission. That baby-voico ought- to have awakened a strange thrill in tho young father's breast. That time at Dangerfiold was the happiest period of Mary's life. All her sorrows had melted away. They did not tell of Paul Marchmont's suspected fate; they only told her that her enemy had disappeared, aud that no one knew whither he had gone. Mary asked once, and once only, about her stepmother ; and she was told that Olivia was at Swampington Rectory, living with her father, and that people said she was inad. George Weston had emigrated to Australia, and his wife, and his wife's mother and sister. There had been no prosecution for conspiracy; the disappearance of the principal criminal had rendered that unnecessary. This was all tliat Mary ever heard of her persecutors. She did not wish to hear of them; she had forgiven them long ago. It may be that in tho inner depths of her inuocent heart she had forgiven them from the moment she had fallen on her husband's breast in Hester's parlor at Kemberling, and had felt his strong arms clasped about her, sheltering her from all harm for evermore. • She was very happy ; and her nature, always gentle, seemed sublimated by tho sufferings Bhe had endured, and already akin to that of the angels. Alas, this was Edward Arundel's chief sorrow J This young wife, so precious to him in her fading loveliness, was slipping away from him, even iu the hour when they were happiest together—was separated from him oven when they wero most united. She was separated from him by that unconquerable sadness in his heart, which was prophetic of a great sorrow to come. Sometimes, when Mary saw horhusband looking at her with a mournful tenderness, an almost despairing love in his eyes, she would throw herself into his arms, and gay to him,— " You must remember how happy I have bean, Edward. Oh my darliug< promise me always to remember how happy I have been. When the first chill breezes "of autumn blew among the Dangerfield oaks, Edward Atundel took his wife southwards, with his mother and tho inevitable baby in her train. They went to Nice, aud they were very quiet, very happy, in the pretty southern town, with snow-clad mountains behind them, and the purple Mediterranean before. The villa was building all this time in Lincolnshire. Edward's agent sent him plans and sketches for Mrs. Arundel's approval; and every evening there was some fresh talk about tho arrangements of tho rooms, and the layingout of gardens. Mary was always pleased to see the plans and drawings, and to discuss the progress of the work with her husband. She would talk of the billiard-rooiu, and tho cosy little smoking-room, and the nurseries for the baby, which wero to have a southern aspect, and every advantage calculated to assist the development of that rare and marvellous blossom; and she would plan the comfortable apartments that were to be specially kept for dear grandmamma, who would, of course, spend a great deal of her time at the Sycamores— the new place was to bo (ailed the Sycamores. But Edward could never get his wife to talk of a certain boudoir opening iuto a tiny conservatory, which he himself had added to the architect's original plan. He could never get Mary to speak of this particular chamber; and once, when he asked her some question about the colour of the draperies, she said to him, very gently,— " I would rather you would not think of that room, darling." " Why, my pet." " Because it will make you 6orry afterwards." " Mary, my darling " " Oh, Edward! you know,—you must know, dearest,—that I shall never see that place !" But her husband took her in his arms, and declared that this was only a morbid fancy, and that she was getting better aud stronger every day, and would live to see her grandchildren playing under the maples that ! sheltered the northern side of the new villa,, Edward told his wife this, and ho believed in i the truth of what he said. He could not believe I that he was to lose his young wife, restored to / him after so many trials. Mary did not contradict him just then; but that night, when he was sitting in her room reading by the light of a shaded lamp after she had gone to bed,— very early, by orders of the doctors, and, indeed lived together according to medical rule,—she called her husband to her. " I want to speak to you, dear," she said; " there is something that I must say to you." The young man knelt by his wife's bed, " What is it, darling?" he asked, " You know what we said to-day, Edward f" What, darling ? We say so many things every day—wo are so happy together, aud have so much to talk about" "But you remember, Edward,—you remember what I said about never seeing the Sycamores? Ah! don't stop me, dear love," Mary said, reproachfully, for Edward put his Hps to hers to stay the current of mournful words,—"don't stop me, dear, for I must speak to you. I want you to know that it must be, Edward darling. I want you to remember how happy I have been, and how willing I am to part with you, dear, since it is God's will that we should be parted. And there is something else that I want to say, Edward. Grandmamma told me something— about Belinda. I want you to promise me that Belinda shall be happy by-and-by; for sho has suffered so mucli, poor girl ? Aud you will love her, and she will love the baby. But you won't love her quite the same way that you loved me, will you, dear ? because you never knew her when she was a little child, and very poor. She had never been an orphan, and quite lonely, as I have been. You have # never * been all # the world * to # her." The Sycamores was finished by the following midsummer, but no one took possession of the newly-built house; no brisk upholsterer's men came, with three-foot rules, and pencils, and memorandum-books, to take measurements of windows and floors; no waggons of splendid furniture made havoc of the gravel-drive before the principal entrance. The only person who came to the new house was a snuff-taking crone from Stanfield, who brought a turn-up boadstoad, a Dutch clock, aud ft few minor articlesof ftttnlture.and «ioatnped in a cornet tJthe bitet bedroom. •"Edward. Arundel, senior, was awayin India fighting undfer Hapiertind Oottam; and •Edward Arondd, junior, ttos at Dangerfieid, in the Care of his grandmother. Perhaps the most beautiful monument in one of the English cemeteries at Xiee is that tall white marble cross and kneeling figure, before which strangers pause aud read an inscription to the memory of Mary, the beloved wife of Edward Dangerfieid Arundel. 