ANNUAL MEETING OF THE COUNCIL OF EDUCATION. This, the greatest educational event of the year, took place yesterday. Hitherto the meeting has been held in the Town Hall ; but the limited dimensions of that room have always caused great inconvenience, and, consequently, the Council wisely decided to obtain the use of the Theatre Royal. The change was decidedly a good one, for there was a marked absence of that crushing which has always been the cause of so much complaint. . Every part of the build- ing was crowded. The dress circle and stalls were reserved for ladies and gentlemen who were fortunate enough to obtain tickets, and a good deal of dis- satisfaction was expressed at the action of those in authority making most unenviable distinctions, the bulk of the holders of tickets finding they could only obtain those seats which a favoured few would not have. To divide. the limited accommodation in the circle among different classes was an insult to the "unreserved," and offered without excuse ; the pit was occupied by the general public, among whom no distinc- tions were introduced, and the upper circle by pupils from the various schools under the Board of Education. On the stage (which looked very small on account of it being occupied by the Marionnettes paraphernalia) were His Excellency the Governor and Lieutenant Colonel St. Hill, and the following members of the Council :-The Rev. R. D. Poulett-Harris (President), who presided; His Lordship Bishop Bromby; His Honor Mr. Justice Dobson ; the Hon.Dr.Butler(Speaker of the House of Assembly) ; the Hon. T. D. Chapman, M.L.C.; the Hon. J. W. Agnew, M.L.C. ; the Hon. F. M. Innes, M.L.C. ; the Rev. Canon Davenport, the Rev. W. J. Dunne, the Rev. W. W. Spicer, W. Tarleton, Esq., P. Turner, Esq., C.B., and M. Allport, Esq. The Rev. Dr. Bromby, Examiner- in-Chief, the Rev. Canon Bailey, and the four successful female candidates at the recent examinations were also on the stage. The male candidates sat just in front-of the stage. The audience comprised a very large number of ladies, besides members of Parliament and prominent citizens. As soon as the Governor and members of the Council had taken their seats the proceedings began. EXHIBITIONS FROM PUBLIC TO SUPERIOR SCHOOLS. The Rev. Canon Bailey, one of the examiners, was presumed to read the report of the examiners appointed to conduct the examination of candidates for exhibi- tions from public to superior schools, though not a word he said could be heard. [The report has appeared in our columns.] The Hon. Dr. Butler Chairman of the Board of Education, amidst applause, then presented the exhi- bitions to the successful candidates, in the following order :-Mary Ann Plowman, George E. Clemons, Henry F. Miles, Timothy P, Hartnett, John A. Hallam, William James S.East, Walter Baxter. COUNCIL, OF EDUCATION EXHIBITIONS. The Rev, Canon Bailet, one of the examiners, in an undertone that tasked the forbearance of the audi- ence, read the report of the examiners appointed to conduct the examination of candidates for exhibitions. [We have previously published the report.] A.A. DEGREE, The Rev. Dr. Bromby, Examiner-in-Chief, read the result of the examination of the candidates for the A.A. Degree. Tho report is as follows ; " Preliminary Exaniino¡t¡an. "The examination oponed on Friday, September 21st, when twenty candidates presented themselves, of whom three were females. Two failed to pass the Preliminary Examination ; and _ of the remaining eighteen two were over the prescribed age, aud there- fore, according to the Regulations, no account is taken of them in the following rcpqrts, I1 (1.) Aijithmbtic.-;N°. le.8,s than ten qf the candi- datos obtained full mark's, which is a great improve- ment in accuracy upou last year. Of the remainder there were three or four who misread the questions (V phenomenon exceedingly couunou at every exami- nation, " C2.) English.-Dictation unusually accurate ; reading deficient throughout in style ; analysis and parsing ou the wholo good, three candidates obtaining full marks and five othei-s nearly full. "(3.) History and Gkoouapiiy.-These subjects wero very satisfactorily done, four candidates making only immaterial mistakes, and the rest maintaining a good average. "Tho Examiners would venture to suggest the desirability in future of including the First L.atjn and tho First Mathematical papers'in tho Preliminary I^xnmiuatiqn. It can hardly be said that candidates, ooming nervously fresh to their work, prove their incompetency to go forward by mistakes in so few subjects as aro at «present prescribed, especially since Arithmetic is one of them, and Reading aloud before a Board of Examiners, another.". Ordinary Examination. " I. E.N-fiLisn Subject*.-All the candidates pre- sented thomselves in these subject«. Failed, none. Passed, 10 ; with credit, 10. Full marks, 1,100. Highest obtained, 80?. Average of all who passed in these subjects, 723. This average may be regarded as satisfactory ; but neither it, nor the maximum Hinüber obtained, reaches what was achieved last year. Webster was far the best in the English paper ; but Jones secured the highest number pf marks in the aggregate. Hughes and Chesterman are also entitled to honourable mention. "II. Latin.-Presented by 15. Failed, 1. Passod,14; with credit, 4. Full warks, 800. Highest obtained, 5!)3. Average, 465. These numbers compare very favourably with thoao of last your. Webster takes' the lead, but followed very closely by Davenport. The other credits wore obtained in order by Jones and Walker. The whole average was very good. "III. Greek.-Presented by 12. Failed, 1. Passed, 11 ; with credit, 4. Full marks, 800. Highest obtained, 022. Avorngo, 510. In this subject Daven- port stands very decidedly first. The others, who obtained credit, aro Webster, Hughes, and Stick house. In this subject again tho marks much exceed those of last year ; notably, tho highest number obtained. 1IV. French. - Presented by all. Failed, 1. Passed, 15; with credit, 3, Full marks, 550. Highest obtained, 475. Average, 322i. Although neither the highest marks obtained nor tho general average is equal to what it was last year, yet the grammar shows an ndvanco : still there is room for considerable im- provement. Candidates give token of insufficient attention being paid to the translating from English into French. Those who passed with credit are Isabel Mary Riddel, Tarleton, and Prior. " V. Gurman.-Presented by one only, who passed with 372 inarkB. There were two other candidates above the regulation age, ono of whom, Mary Eliza .both Smith, passed with credit, na she did also_ in French. The remarks mado on the French examina- tion apply very closely to this subject. '.' VI." Italian.-Presented by 8. Failed, 1. Passed, 7 ; with credit, 1. Full marks, 550. Highest ob- tained, 417, Average, 302. The examination showed one candidate to bo of more than ordinary, goodness, Walker. The translation was' well done lu geubral ; the parsing oxtremely well. .The attempts at the un- seen passage occasioned disappointment ; for, although it could not bo mastered without n little thought and some accurate scholarship, it contained no hurd words. " VII. Puke Mathematics. - Presented by 10. Failed, none. Passed, 10 ¡ with credit, 5. Full marks, 1,000. Highest obtained, 831. Average, 435. Webster for the third time comes to the front ; but followod within two marks by Walker. Both these candidates manifested considerable power as mathematicians ; yet both contrived to loso their heads over small diffi- culties. Tito former lost marks by looking out his logarithms in the wrong tobies, and needs also to study the exact moauiug of ex equali. The former obtained full marks for his arithmetic throughout-a rare occurrence. The oth.er credits were gained by Jonas, Hughes, and Johnstou. "VIII, Natural Philosophy. -Preseuted by 3. Failed 1.' Passed, 2 ; wlfh credit, 1. Full marks, 250\. H ¡ghost, obtained, 117. Average, 130$. Both cwdidites who pissed,-viz., Webster and Clouions showed su intelligent appreciation of tho subjeot, " IX. Drawino.-Presented by 4. Failed, 1. Passed, 3 ; with credit, !. Full marks, 200. Highest obtained, 165. Average, 115.J. The candidate with the highest number of marks is Chesterman ; and the Examiner describes his Drawings as characterised by a boldness and firmness of outline, together with a neat- ness of finish that ho has rarely met with in previous .examinations. Tho candidates appeared to be some- what taken by BiirpriBO at the "Object" drawings given, but the Examiner Is convinced that no better test of knowledge in practical perspective. can be applied ; and he trusts that this may lead to greater nttontiou being devoted to such practico. Tho Examiner begs to cxpreBS his gratification at learning that the Council lias raised for tho future the maximum of marks to 250." On adding together tho number of marks obtained by tho candidates in the several subjects presented by them, it appoared that of the sixteen tho following fifteen had passed : First Class.-G. A. Webster, 3031 ; S. H. Hughes, 2D93 : W. Walkor, 2037 ; J. S. demons, 2689 ; A. F. Davenport, 2669 ; H. M. Prior, .2591 ; L. T. Tarleton, 2550 ; A. J. Pope, 2479 ; A. G. C. Hawthorn, 2440 ; 0. S. Jones, 2370. Second Class.-A. H. Chesterman, 2329 ; Isabel Mary Riddol, 2178 ; E. J. Stackhouse, 2156 ; S. K. Johnston, 2009 ; O. G. Douglas, 1952. Third Class.-None. Tho following tibio shows how this ox'ainiuation bjiars comparison with former yoars : 1S0O-1871 1872 1873 1874 1875 1870 1877 h * AruraKo, 1800-1871. The Exumiuor-iu-Chief has much pleasure in bear- ing testimony to tho largo body of knowledge displayed by the candidates. Tho English subjects wero not so well done as last year ; but the Classical aud Mathe- matical ones wore executed in a way decidedly superior. Great caro is always taken not to lavish marks unless fully earned, and to koop to as oxact a stand ivd as possible ; and the fact that tho highest number over gained by a candidato has been scored this yo.-vr, of itself testifies to the high merits of tho candidates who havo preseuted themselves. The prizes which by the Council s regulations must be awarded are The Council s Gold Modal G A Webster First Prize English C S Jones First Prize Latin G A Webster lirstPii/e Gi cok A T Dn\cnpoit. Fust Prize Italian W Walker First Pn/o Mathematics G A Webster Tho following prizes, which by the Council's regu lations are loft to the discretion of the Examiner», have thus been a« u dod - Second Prize for English S H Hughes Second Prr/e foi Latin A F Davoupoi t Second Prize for Greek G A Webstei Second Prize for Trench L T Tarleton Socoud Pn/o for Mathematics W Walker Pi i/o foi Natural Philosophy G A Webster Prize for Drawing A H Chesterman Prizo for Fi enoh Isabel Riddel* Each of tho candidates was then piesented to the President by Dr Bromby in the folio» ihg tenns - " I beg to present to you-as a fit and proper person to be admitted to the Degree of Associate of Arts, and I certify to you and tho Council that he [or she] has fulfilled the conditions prescribed by the regulations foi that Degree ' The Presidi-nt, m the usual form, took the candi dato by the hand, and Bald -"By urtue of tho authority committed to rae, I bog to admit you to tho Degree of Associate of Arts " In addition to the can- didates named abo\e, there were two joung ladies Mary Elizabeth Smith and Hannah Maiy Swui Tho presentation of tho \nrious prizes then took place, acoordmg to the abo\ e list, the President Baying a few words of congratulation to each of the candidates Tho applause which took place during the presentation of the Dogrees now developed into most vociferous cheering, as each candidate left the stage TASMANIAN SCHOLARSHIPS Di Bromu\ read his report of the examination for the Tasmanian Scholarships, as follow h - I ha\ e the honour to repoi t that the Examination for the Tasmanian Scholarships commenced on Monday, the 1st of October, and occupied the whole week Three candidates presented themselves , of whom " B " failed to satisfy either of the prescribed condi tions " A ' pro\ ed himself to be decidedly the best Mathematician, boating " C,' who was virtually his only competí toi, in o\ery paper " C, ' however, amply indemnified himself in the Clissioal papers, distancing his competitor o\ en moro completely than he himself had been diatanoed in the Mathcm itical papers Both qf them, showed at e\ eiy st ige of the examination that they v, ere able and w eil taught meu , and both of them scored considerably more marks in the aggregate than what the standard prescribed by the Council requires , fulfilling at the same time the other comb tion of g lining a minimum of either 900 in Classics oí TÍO in Mathematics .' C " obtained in Classics, 1,206 , and a total of 2342 " A ' obtained iu Mathematics, 1074 , and a total of 2250 On opening the sealed envelopes it was found that the Scholars for the j eai v, ero Gi-oiiat Archibaid AIvomiilav, A A, 1875, and Nul Elliot Lfwis, A A, 1875 The Pm-sim-st, m presenting tho first Scholarship to Macmillan, trusted that his career at collego would fully justify tho result of this oxamin ition, that ho would follow the examplo of some of those who had preceded him at the English Universities, aud that we should frequently hen of him obtaining some honour which v. ould caiiBo his name to rink bright in the nunals of the Tasmanian Council of Education (Cheeis) lo Le^is, also, a few appiopinto words Wore said THE DRY SCHOLARSHIP Tho Pill SID! NT presented the Dry Scholarship to Wobster, as the senior A A. of the j ear, Baying that ho had no doubt his successoi would hav e tho pleasure of presenting to lum one of the Tasmanian Scholarships (Cheers ) THE PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS The PnioiniM then read the anuual address as follows - Your Excolleucy, Ladies, and Gentlemen,-Before calling attention to tho salient points of the lejwrts which jon ha\o just hoard, it is my pleasing dutj »g un to thank Dr Bl omby (in the name of the Coipi eil of Educition) for his careful disolni-go of his laborious duties as examiner in chief How highly his vi otk is nppreomlod, it would bo difficult to cypress, ind, ihiuwt impossible to çxagc,orate The vitahtv of our system of Degrees and Scholarships depends on our obtaining efficient and ti ustw 01 thy examiners and we cannot be too grateful to those w ho, h vv ing the rai o qii ihficatious for this office are ilso willing to gue the time and toil which it involves While expressing in) thanks and those of tho Council to Di Bromby, I « ould also th mk the other examiners for their \ aluable eo operation To mo»t of the assembled company it must have been a novel feature in oin proceedings that the Exhibit o is aw arded bj tho Bond of Education «ore picBcnted today It Ins been done before but not for the last ten or tu oh e yo its To some extent it may be ro garded as extraneous to the regular pi o ceilings of the day, sinco the Council of Education has .no v oico in ivv arding those Exhibitions Still thoi e is a still a bluness. in the proceeding, in ismuch as the Exhibitions awarded bj tho Board aie the first step in tho scale of prizes and honours which fiud their culmination in the brilliant prize of tho T isnwu m Scholai ship Thej are tlio fir-it rung ot the ladder by vv Inch i j outh of ability and nidustij maj ascend to a position wini h sh ill place lum on a lovel not merely with the leading meu of his nativo colony, but even with tho leaders of Chinch aud State m the Mothei Country lu the fact, howevoi, that the appeal ince of the juuior Exhibitioners on this platfoi m ib to some extent an anomaly, we seo one more argument for the consolida tion of a system which, while one in its leading idea, is broken and fragmentai y m its practical ulministra tion It is interesting to obsei ve that vv hilo in accor danoo vv ith the tendency of the a£,c femal» candid ites hive been lattoily admitted to the competition for these Exhibitions one of thom has bo distinguished heiself as to tike tho highest position .among the successful competitois Hie next step m tho ascending seile brings us to the Counoil of Educations Exhibitions Now I will not is sumo that many of mj hearers lemombei the ia marks th it I made 1 ist j ear i espectmg these Exhibí tions but then drift vv cs that they vv ero too fen in number to i epay the time and teaching powoi involved m the competition foi them , and I ventured a sur miso th it pupils and masters were alike beginning to woaiy of a competition m vvhnh the hbour vv is so great and the pi izes so few Well, I think I see some ev ideuce of the ti nth of my stn mise m the results of the lost tvvocvuninatiins While each year shows a higher stand ird of att miment and a Kceiici competí tion in the other examinations, theic has beun a falling off in both i ospeots in this one In this j c ir » CQinpe,t)tiou especially, thtj uiunhei of cindidites was considerably suullci thau usual, the maximum, of marks obtained vvis lower, the avenge vv is cousidei ably lowei , bohío of tho loading schools were not represented , aud whereas, for some j ears p ist, thei o hav e alvv aj s boen at least six boys reaching the stan dird of maiks required for qu ihtieatiou, this vcar only foin hav o att unod it What I suggested la«t yeal was, that as £100 is ippropiíatcd 11 the Hoard of Education foi exhibitions f i am the pinn uy schools, another A100 should bo ippropnatcd to tho Council for the h une pin poso This vv as the sum so appi o pnated for several years, up to tlut pouod at which the financial difficulties of the colony involved a uecossity for rctienehmeut in eveiy depirtmeut But now that tho hour of deep distress is pissed, and foi tune is agim beginning to smile on oin lovely island 1 think that tho d10 might well be raised to £100 without iddiug any appreciable burdon to the Colonial Ticvsury Tins would enable the Council annually to murd five Exhibitions, mid if that number were nvailablo, I am aory cpn fideut that more thau that uumbei would be found every j ear to hive reached tho requisite stan dard of attainment 'lo mako a boy well up iuhi many different subjects as toouteunto the ox mun ition for Exhibitions requires a Urge amount of special teaching over and abov c the ordinal y class vv oi k of a school, and the mere chance that the pupil may bo one of tho tvv o first on the lut scucely eompens ites the master or the boy for the large amount of extta labour involved in tho preparation foi theso prizes I dont wish to disparage thom as an important element m the lasmaiiian «eherne of education ii nîrangements but I do wish to see their number increased, and I believe that no one of the suggus tioiiB which I ventured to offer last jeir cairiod with it a more genoi ii and coi dial assent than that in which I uiged tint provision should bo maila foi fivo nisteul of tu o Council Exhibitions Coming ne\t to the lepoit of the degico eviiiiiiiatioii two tlpugs are especully noticeable (1) tint the first class is lui gi r tina it hiscvci boon before, md (2) tint the uumbei of maiks obtained by the he id boy on tho list is highor than in any previous yeal Both of these facts are eminently encouraging, as evidence of a progressive linpiovemont in the average work both of mistéis mid pupils I am gild to soo that some of the first chss hive guued their position with only fivo subjects, and tint olio boy has obtained a fiist with tho minimum of foin sub jocts To those who mo not intimately acquainted with the regulations for the degioo 1 would hero explain that to obtun a degree n cuuliditc must pxss in four subjects at least, but that generally tune th in that number are taken up, and the tendency uf lato years ou tho pu t of the candid ites has been i ithcr to increase than dimmish tho number of subject« , so that it is very usual to piesont bix subjects and by no means unusual to bike up seven This 1 deo n a tendency to be rithei discouraged Hum other wiso It is bettet foi tho mental culture of the pupils thomselv es that thev should concentrate their attention on a few subjects and vvoik tlnso up thoioughly, than tint th j should oiidoivour to obt mi a merely temporary ilvaiitago m mai ks by means of extra and subordmito subjects Evon «s a speen lation m maiks it ofton tails , and I hive m my thoughts at this moment one boy who, it hu hld dono what ho ought, and what I oxpcetcd of lum m i English mid Mathematics mi0ht havo disionsolj with tho o\ti v subject th it hu t >ol ni, thim^h ho did lomaikably well in that subject Anothei point notice iblo in this yen's ex munition ih thu I puicity of female cuididates As eompirod with | thoso of last year This, howover, is not a uireuiustauce from which any inference need be ' drawn discouraging to thoso who aro uitoiested in fumalo education Fluctuations will oeoui, and I could poiut to two consecutive yours m our earlier * In justice to this candidate it ought, porhnps, tobe stated that this prize would have been a first prize had ' not the regulation been that no first prize can be taken by auy candidate unless his name appears iu the first i class of Associate of Arts, l annals, when no boy reached the first class, and to one within the lost ten years, when only five boys took the degree. As a fact, tho young ladies who havo entered on this occasion have done very credi- tably. Miss Riddol, besides passing an excellent exa- mination in English and Gorman, has excelled all the other competitors in French, and deservedly gained a prize in that language. (Applause) Miss Smith has dono very well in English, French, and Italian, and has deserved a prize in Gorman, though she has not gained it, through the ill-luck of having passed by a few weeks the limit of ago fixed by the Council for eligibility to tho prize list ; and tho same cirenmatanco has thrown into the spocial list another young lady, who has dono somo very creditable work in tho examination. In all this there is nothing to discourage thoso who are engaged in the education of girls. The few who entered on this occasion havo shown evidence of solid attainment and of careful teaching. In the examination for the Tasmanian Scholarships, wo find again tho same gratifying result which our examinations during the last few years havo preseuted. For the fifth consecutive year two Scholar- ships havo boon awarded. The number of candidates was not so great this year as last, simply because two studonts, who might havo done creditably, preferred to hold back till next year ; but the work done by the successful candidates indicates no falling off. It is in some respects oven ? better than in previous years. Lewis's examination in Mathematics is tho best that has been known since tho Scholarships wero first established ; MacmilUn's classical work was of the finest quality, and both of these youths have surpassed iu the aggregate of marks the scholars of last year. For the benefit of thorn who aro not intimately acquainted with our system of examinations, I will montion that the paucity of candidates makes little or no difference in the result. In the Scholarship examination there is no such thing as what we call in sporting phraseology a walk over. If there be only two candidates it does not follow that they get the two Scholar- ships. They must attain a certain proportion of marks in the aggregate, and a certain proportion in particular subjects, and unless both these conditions are fulfilled no Scholarship is awarded. Hence it has happened that there have boen years in which none have been conferred, 'and there hoa_ been a considerable succession of years in which only one candidato reached the required standard of at- tainment. Of late years it has twice happened that more than two have fulfilled these requirement«. -? While on tho Bubject of examinations generally, I tliiuk it worth while to notice a new question which has arisen, and which has caused some perplexity to the Council. Almost every year there have been some candidates who have failed in obtaining the Degree of A.A., though they have passed with a fair amount of credit in some one or two subjects. Last year application was made to tho Council from some who were in that case to know whether they might be permitted to havo certificates of competency in tha subjects which they had passed. It might be of us» to a young niau or young woman, especially if engaged in tuition, to havo a certificate of having passed in French, or in Latin, or iu Mathematics though he or she might have failed to master the four subjects required for a degree. It Beemcd to the Council that there was no sufficient reason for withholding this certificate, and a reso- lution was passod conceding tho point in que«, tion. A consequence followed which had by no means been anticipated. When names wore sent in this year for the A.A. Degree we got numerous appli- cations from persons who wished to outer for single subjects, and to obtain certificates on such subjects, without touching any others Now, here was a new question opened up, or rathor several new questions (1) Had wo the right to do this uuder our Act of Constitution ? (2) if so, was it abstractedly desirable to do it ? and (3) supposing the right anddesirability, was there anything to prevent our doing it 1 The first question seemed decided by the very considerable amount of discretion which tho Degree and Scholar- ship Act assigns to the Council in tho framiug of bye^ laws. If, then, the proposal wore desirable in itself, wo could not feel ourselves inhibited from acceding ia it. lu the next pi leo, was it desirable? Now, I think the gonoral feeling of tho Council was that it would bo desirable rather than otherwise to afford every encouragement to thoso who might wish to enter for one subject or for two, without actually . going in for the degree. If, for instanoo, a pupil teacher, or a young man or woman ongaged in business, and unable to devoto tho timo necessary for all the subjects, might wish to pass in Drawing, or in French, or in Latin, or in Music, separately, and obtain a certificate in such subject, would there be any harm in encouraging such applications ? I know that my own fueling was that it would be . highly beneficial, and such I believe to have bean the general feeling of the Council ; but there aroso that money question which hies often proved a stumbling block in our way. We have no funds at our disposal, beyond those which ¡ire voted annually for the actual expenses of examinations and prized, and which are kept down to a minimum by that watchful jealousy of expenditure which is getiorally regarded as the first of virtues iu parliamentary assemblies. Now if we had thrown open our examinations to all who wished to enter for any or every subject, the amount of extra labour to tho examiners would have involved the necessity of extra assistance in the work of examination, and of a consequent iucreaso in the amount of examiners' fees. We were not prepared to lay buforo tho Government such a case of necessity as should justify a largely increased estimate of expenditure ; a..d hence we thought it best and safest to avoid the precedent by declining to admit to examination any who were not prepared te enter as candidates for the A.A., and to pass the preliminary examination. This, of course, shelved the question. A girl who wants a certificate of competency in drawing, for instance, does not want to have to work up tho subjects of tho preliminary examination, and then to present; herself to the world as a rejected candidate for tho A.A. Degree. And yet, I think it would bo vory desirablo to encourage tho concentration of attention on single branches uf study, The haue of intellectual culture, and tile despair of the tpacliurintliopieseiitday.isthovarietyofsubJQutswhloh contend for a primary position in all our educational schemes. (Hear, hear.) " The domands on the teacher iucrooso every day. Ho is constantly called upon V» add now subjects to his curriculum, while the old one* do not fall off. Tho needs of tho work within th« school aro daily growing moro imperious and tyrau* nie ii ; and almost every teacher lues to do fram ew<» to four times as much work les his brain and nerve« can bear. Tho ovil to be shunned is that of encijehx ¡HB'tism. The incre rae in knowledge and tho progress of scienoo during tho last two generations have been so great, and the results attained so astonishing and beneficial, that many pensons havo been filled with« 3lroug and perfectly rea «mabie desire that their child, ren should learn the most important of these science«, and should thus be able to have an intelligent ap. preciation of the sciuntifiu triumphs nud the social benefits which meet our eyes at every turn, It is 1 desirable,' they say, that their children should ' learn ' Botany, Chemistry, Physiology, and perhaps one or two other .sciences. And sait is; but if we look moro clearly into tho minds of these persons we shall find that thoy do not wish their children to follow the mothod and walk in the path of those sciences, that they do not wish them to da the work which alone can put thom in true jmd, legitimate possession of scientific knowledge, but; &»* what thoy want for thom is an acquaintance witli results, mid a mind stockod with what is called ' infor- mation ' about them. The teacher accordingly look« not within to arrange his own ideas and his own knowledge, but without for a book, where .everything is sot dp.ivn in an orderly manner, whore what has taken scientific men months nud y'oars to find out is ' mostei-'d ' by a little boy in half an hour ; whore everything can bo learned about tho science, and where a patent mothod is exhibited of tolling you everything with tho result that you know nothing." The last few sentences aro quoted from an afelo writer on the theory and practice of education. Now wo havo on our scheme of subjects several sciences, as Geology, Botany, Zoology, and Choraistry, all most valuable iu them- selves, mid eich requiring years of study to obtain any snell acquaintance with them as shall bo deserving of th« name of knowledge. (Hear, hoar.) As long as those ara regarded morely as optional subjectsfor the degree to be worked up with three or four other subjects for the s iko of a few additional marks, they can bo merely crammed. A text book is learned by heart. The student gets his marks, and just bo much benefit in addition as might bo obtained by any other Beyers " mental ell'ort ; but this is nil. If, however, the Bj-Btem wura onco fairly established of granting certificates on soparato subjects ; thoso might he detached from the Dogroo (as indócil thoy virtually aro pretty much at present), and yet an encouragement might ha afforded for tho separate study of thom. In oases of this-sort the Council often feols that the tims has como when a largor scope might bo given to its operations. Two years ago a project was before Parliament for olovnting the Council into an University Hoard with tho power of conferring certain other de- grees, and gonor.illy with a larger rango of powers. jI had my doubts and misgivings about the desirability of tho project at tim timo ; but recent events have tended to make mo think that the matter would be woll worth tho consideration of the Government hy . mo ins of a Parliamentary Commission or otherwise. I have always advocated tho unification of our system '' -tile bringing tfie whole uiidui- one governing body ¡ ? «ml whether wo call that governing body the Tasma- nian Council of Education, or tho .Tasmanian Uni- versity, it would matter little, so long na it hld such poweivi as should enable it to give unity, coherence, and consistency to a system which is at presuut fragmentary, disjointed, and incomplete. I think that tho cause of suporior education would gain much in popularity by such a method j and tho Council would escape th« coiiBiiru of oxclusivoness and cliquisin. Tho present Council is so constituted by Act of Parliament, that it must always consist of fifteen persons, and that on tho oeciiri-onco of a vacancy an appointment to fill that vacanoy must bo always made by the remaining; i members of the Council. Now, under the scheut« j which I suggest tho Council would bo tho Exeoutiv« of the University ; but there would bo an outer governing body, a sort of University Sonate, consisting I of all who havo taken a Tasmanian degree, and of ¡ nil graduates of British Universities, who clio«» .to incorporate thumsclves with tho Tasmauiau one. This 1 Senatus Academicm would naturally have th« ap- pointment of tho mombors of tho Council, or Execu- tive Board, as vacancies occurred, and no reasonabl« question could thou ariso as to tho Biiitability of th» appointments. DogreoR of a higher order than the I A.A. might bo conferred spariugly, and to highly do nerving candidates. If 4t bo asked, what value coukl i attach to a Tasmanian U.A. Degree, I would answer I that the proposal wan to givo the degreo only to those who had reached the requirements for a Tasmanian Scholarship ; and if that rulo were rigidly adhered to, it might' safely be said that the minimum require- ment of the Tasmanian University for the degree of , B.A. would bo higher than that of any University in .?the British Empire. This would bo known in course of time, and as a certificate of attainment a Tasmanian Degree would bo highly prized throughout tho colo- nies, and not a littlo valued even in tho mother coun r try. The suggestions, then, which I woidd offer to . ' our legislative bodies aro the unification of tho whole s, scheme of education, primary and secondary ¡ so that all should bo under a Ministry of Education, i with au Executivo Council, who should bo virtually, or nominally, au University Board. Thon, also, I would press on tho immediate consideration of our , legislatura the suggestions which I offered hist year L for'increasing the number of Council's Exhibitions, a topic on which I have already touched in to-day's address. And in the third place let me again urge the devotion oianothei- £100 annually to exhibitions for the aid of boys working for the Tasmanian Scholarship. / A thoughtful writer commenting last year on the pro- ceedings of the Council put this snbject so well and forcibly- that I venture to reproduce it here. He remarked, "Year by year the necessity of a general controlling povvor becomes more and more manifest to harmonise the various parts of tho system ; and similarly do the gaps still existing, and the.weakness of many steps in the ascending ladder become moro .painfully evident. When wo compare the £1808, which '-mall that Tasmania devotes annually to tho claims of an education scheme looking beyond the barest rudiments of knowledge, with the enormous sums which the lister colonies of N. S. Wales, Victoria, and South Australia lavish yearly on pretentious Universities, the demand for another £00 worth of exhibitions to Grammar schools, and £100 worth of Scholarship Ex- hibitions does seem modest in the extreme. And when we thiuk of the inestimable importance of tho work to be accomplished, the amount which the State devotes to the higher education seems tho oxtrome of parsimony. In an isolated little community like ours, with little or no influx from the great world outside, i if we would not have the light of knowledge die out altogether, it behoves us to keep the lamp well , trimmed, for the hands that tend it aro few, and there is j no neighbouring blaze of learning at which to rc-kindlo . it when ,it burns low. Let us, therefore, urgo upon . our- legislators and our Government to cultivate a wiso economy by adding the paltry sum required to the j annual' vote for educational purposes." Such are the views,* most forcibly and concisely expressed, which I would wish again to impress upon our legislators, and 1 which'I truBt may not bo indefinitely postponed to that " convenient season " which in practice never i arrives.' - But I leave that topic, and turn to one of more personal interest to tho friends of our i scholars. All that I have heard seems to con -. firm the notion that the present Bet of scholars aro keeping up the tradition of their predecessors, and aro doing-credit to the colony. Tibbs and L. Butler both took mathematical honours in Moderations at Oxford. This is »University examination which takes placoabout the middle of tho undergraduates' cireor, but which must be passed before a degree can be taken. Canaway» hw added 'to his honours by standing first in the 1st class in Collections at Christ Church. This is a College examination and not an University one ; but to bo first of his year in such a College as Christ Church is a great distinction. At Cambridge Doran has gained a foundation scholarship at Christ's College, .nd of others in whom ' we are moro or less inter .sted, Gamaliel Butler may be mentioned as having passedhis primary examination at the College of Sur- geons, and having obtained a first-class certificate in the three subjects which he took up. Ono point I think .deserving of special notice respecting our Tasmanian scholars. When we think of a set of young'men sent to tile other end of the world far from all home influences, without friends to guide or relatives to counsel them, without any home to go to in their vacations, left to their own discretion and guidance entirely during one half of the year, and with merely tho bonds of oidinary college discipline to restrain them during the other half, it would not be astonishing if some of them had ^urued out wild and reckless, and if one or two had ? even forfeited their scholarships by their indiscretion ; is it not then satisfactory to think that not only has no one of our scholars turned out badly, but that all who luve passed through their University career have done so without a stain upon their character-(loud applause)-and that nil who are at presont at tho Universities, as far íes wo have learned, are earning and deserving the good opinion of the authorities in their respective colleges Í I thiuk that this is one of tho most gratifying circumstances connected with the working of our system-one which does infinite credit to our colonial youths. I "don't say it ought to bo regarded as any gro.it honour to- a man morely not to bo bad, and not to throw away precious advantages ; but considering how many young men do so lavish their opportunities ,w« are -much to be congratulated that young Tas manianB who have gained our highest prfras hive ' conducted themselves well, honourably, and discreetly. . As it is the last time that I shall have the oppoi tnuitj' . of speaking in the name of the Council of Education, and ob it is not probable that for many years they .will hear from this platform the words of ono acquainted from within with tho practical working of our educational scheme, let me onco niora urge upon the Government, that trifling additional expenditure which would remedy the principal defects, ? and supply the gaps in our system of encouragements i ta learning. Tho present machinery does very much. , A South Australian newspaper last year published 1 our proceedings and commented forcibly on the J superiority of the results produced by our small outlay, oyerthat oft'ected by thel.ivish expenditure of the South ' Australian Government in its pursuitof the same object. But,the fact that a system works well on the whole is no reason why it should not bo improved, and 1 the fact that' it works cheaply is certainly the \- last of reasons against the expenditure of a little more money. The law of progressive improvement should bo obsorved in tho management of every institution. Whonovor a defect is noted it should bu ' rectified if possible, aud tho amount which we spend on superior education is so much le-,s than that ex- pended by even much younger colonies-by Otago for tihstanco-or Canterbury, that ,a little addditional out- lay towards the peifecting of our system need hardly bo begrudged even by the most rigid economists. And With the greater completeness of the system adniinis . tèred by the Council I would ng.iin urge tho oularge . ment of our scope of operations ; so that resting on a , broader basis, gathering into its governing body all the academic elements which tho colony contains, .this Council may becomo to Tasmania what the Melboumo University is to Victoria, the director ,of all .literary examinations, and tho gateway to all 'tho loaiuod professions - (applause) - while continuing to bo what it already is, the promoter of high culture, and tho fosterer of sound learning. -Por years past tho distinctive glory of Tasmania has beeu its educational system. It is this which has drawn forth tho commendation of writers and \- statesmen in the Mother Country, and tho Continent of Europe. Lot us not rest perpetually on the old moorings-where there is not progression there is .ure to be stagnation if not retrogression ; by a judicious and gradual oulargomeut of our operations, an enlarge- ment involving great results and very light expenso, {he effl.eioqey of our educational system, may, bo still 1 much'enhanced ; and the petition of the noble bidding prayer .employed in tho University Churches at homo "may be realised in this littlo colony, that "there shall never be wanting a supply of men duly qualified to 'serve God both iu Church and State." (Loud applause.) , -l At the conclusion of the address, tho audience dis- persed. THE LUNCHEON. After tho conclusion of the proceedings at tho Theatre Royal a 1 ii go number of ladies md gentlemen sat down to a capital cold collation prov ided in Webb s Assembly Rooms Sir J M Wilson piesided, and among those present were His Txcelleucy the Governor, tho Lord Bishop of Tasmania, Rev Di Bromby (Melboui no) the niembois of tho Mimstiy, several members of the I cgislature, etc, otc Tlio toast of " Her Majesty the Qucon hav nig boon proposed, and drank with enthusiasm, Tho Cn hum VN said th it he had gi cat pleasure in proposing tho health of " HisE\colloney thoGovoinor No Governor of this colony bul hid tint colonial ox penonoe which was a distinguishing chu ictonstio of tho present representativo of HorMuusty in 1 amaina The Chun man spoke in eulogistic )aiigua(,o of the doep interest tnkon by His Lxcelloney m tho wolfiuo at Britain s colonial possessions, and congritul ited the colony on h iving such a Goveinni (Applause ) His Exci ili-nc\ Slid that ho hoped thocheeis with which tho toaBt had been roioived was an nnginy of the good feeling which will He eviiucd tovvaids him When his timo for dopai turo shall lnvo ai lived, and with deop regret ho would lnvo to leave these shores Ho desired to oxpicss tho great pic win o on having this, the first, opportunity of publicly oxpicBsmg tho pleasure he felt in being pi usont on such an occaaion as that which they had witnessed today, and m past ycare It was gratifymg to lum as the fathor of a laigo family, whoso futuro success m lito miiBt depend in a great measure upon thou education, and as one who lind all thiough his life taken gre it interest m the question of education, to find that this question was regarded ni lasmania w ith its due import ance as a matter winch occupies n great pirt ni the affairs of tho world at tho present daj But more especially is it important that education should receive duo attention in v countiy Uko tina, which has attained the right to » Inch all Hi itons iispn c-the i ij,ht to hav o its destinies left m its own hands, and must thuiefore depoiid foi success ina great measure upon the system under which its puople are educated, foi by education he did not mein simply uisti uctioii and lout mug, although tint foiincd a gi eat mid piomuiout poition It was not only the facts vv ith w Inch tho minds of our youth vvoro stoied that were of value to thom, but tho training m acquiring tho knowludgo of thoBo facts gave them the povvoi of attuning othei ends for making themsolves successful m life, and useful to the wot Id (Applause) The fault of the educational system in tho present day was supeiflciahty, but at the same tuno it should bohoinouinimd that tho man who outers pi eminently into publie life in the present day has to live to a great o\tent with his brum at high pressure, and. may be frequently called upon at short notice to dod with subjects of which ho lins .carcory beeu ablo to become uiiistci Ab members of tho Press-for tho Press ni the present timo vv lukis a great inlluuuco and o\erciscB a gi oat powei in the State-tho necessity as noll as the Miluo of difiusivo knowledge is frequently oxpououeed, and in thoBo capaoities people are called upon to giv o opinions upon «11 kinds of Bubjouts It is a gre it fault, howovoi, for people to follow tho opinions of others instead of thinking for themselves in many cusob where they i should not be bo ready to take outside opinions , upon trust (Hear, hear) Hib Excellenoy referred in complimentary terms to the speech of the ! Rev Mr Harris, and oxpressed his concurrence with many of the opinions expressed therem He proceeded i to say that, upon the whole, this countiy had steered, in its educational system, what was probably a wiso oom se He thought it wise to open out the means of devoting attention to the several branches of study, p Those who hld been before them to day would pre i bably show m many ways tho state of the system, and the mo ms of en ibhng the y outh of the colony to cai ry into successful opui ition the i udimentary knowledge gamed in their schoolboy days Having gained a good general gi oundvvoikiu knowledge, ho would urge thom to devoto themselves to one 01 two particular branches of study, aud with these particular objects in View they might, by perseverance and attention, at- tain that Biiecess in life to which they aspired Although he would not ask them to keep the " bow bent " too much, for he thoroughly approved of the relaxation provided m reasonable amusement and athletic Bports - (applause) - his advice to these young men now about to enter upon the world was that they should devoto themselves to the business of life with a duo regard to its responsibilities and means of usefulness He was glad to boo that Tasmania had well recognised the duty Of aiding forward those who are to be her future citizens, or nt least citizens m that great empire to which we are proud to belong (Applause ) He did not behev e that tho forcing scheme which is m force in some places to the extent that people are almost paid to learn, was half as good as that really healthy system adopted by this colony In all that he hod heard that day, nothing had given lum greater pleasure than the remaiks of tho Rev Mr Harris, m reference to the conduct of those scholars who had gono fiom this colony, and that commendation ought to act as an incentivo to those who follow them, who, if they did not emulate the example of those who had gone before must feel it a double disgrace Ho wished the successful candidates of that day every success in after life, for vv ith duo diligence on thoir part there appeared to bo a noble career before them, and ho specially congratulated themed ilhst, who, it appeared, exceeded m point of numbera tho candidates of pre- vious y eai s (Applause ) With i eferenco to the lady candid ites, ho was pi oud to give them his heartiest welcome into the haunts of learning and Bciouce, and that success might ciown the efibits of those and the othoi ciudidates m aftei lute was his smcorest wish (Applause ) Tho PiihsiDENT thon proposed the toast of "Our special quests on this occasion-the President and Membeis of the Council of Education, ' and en- larged upon tho great benefits which they had been ouibled to confer upon the colony by their aery able and creditable discharge of the educational func tiona entrusted to thom by the Legislature They had only to look through the roll of Tasmanian scho lars associates to see how very many of the youth of this colony had, during tho post l8 j tare, distinguished themselves in different professional branches, and at- tained positions far higher than could possibly hav o been attuned at that time (Applause) Ho (Sn James Wilson) regretted to think, th it at one time it was contemplated to annul that portion of the Education Act tint constituted tho Council of Education as now existing, and ho was glad that m the Legislative Council it mot with that fate which it so thoioughiy deserved-defeat (Applause) A siunhr measure wes introduced subsequent!J> which gavo the Council only a nominal existence, but he vv as glad to say it met with the Bamo fate as the melanie which had gono before He trusted that there would not again be made any attempt to assail a system which had succeeded bo admirably well, and done so much to clev ite the educational status of Tasmania (Applause) He (Sir James) had listened with deep luteiest to the exquisite address of the President of the Council and would be glad to see many of his suggestions earned out, indeed, he would like his views carried out very much further Ho should liko to seo one grand Aus ti alum confeder ition in educational mattera-(loud ippliuso)-with lasmama as tho central seat foi the group of colonies (Renewed appliuse) Ho should liku to see the native youths, who had attuned scholastic ominenco here, allied to tho colleges of tho mothoi countiy, and he li id no hesitation m expressing his finn belief tint it this colony could oller a sum of £40,000 foi the founding ot a college, it vv ould soon be self sustaining It could bo cu i led on upon i scalu of niagnif lecnce that vv ould attract to our shores all tho youth of tho tutor colonies (Appliuse) Anothei iiuittci vvhich ho was exceedingly j,' 'd of w as th it by the late Act no limit had been put on the Council w ith respect to sexei, (Vpplause) 'lliey li id that day been gi need with the attend mee of sovci al young lubes, and they had beeu pi omi of the pleisuie of giving to one young lady tho pilui in competition ovei the boys (Itenovvedapplausc) Hie Gilchust Scholaiship was also of considerable uupoi tauet , toi, although the ex mun ition p ipers had to be scut home, it l,ive tho holdei of tho pnzo the piivliege of j,oiug to eithei of the collones to which it (the Fclnlirslup) rofciied Sir Times thtn lefened to tho advantages dciivablo from the examinations for matiiculation at the Melbourne University being con ducted in this colony, and in conclusion expi essed the gratification which tho gentlemen constituting the committee bid felt m having present tho gentlemen comprising the Council, vv ho had done all they could for the advancement aud piosponty of the youth of f ismailia Ho ti usted they would long live to fill the honourable oihees they now occupied, and to be, v\ hat they had alvv ay s been hithoi to, au honour to tho colony (Applause ) Tho Rev It D Poui MT llviuus, on behalf of him self and the othei membeis of tho Council, responded, stating that it had been a labour of lovo to them to carry out tho previsions of the Act consti- tuting them lie vv ia gi atified at seeing pi eseut so many of tho leadme, funihes of tho town, ind ho vv is t,lad to seo ->o m my mound the table of that goi^courf buiqitot prepared to dunk to tho pros pel ity of the I isnianian Council of Ldueation (Applause ) Hie lion W li OniiiN îoso and saul that the cueuiustanccs mulei which they were today met togothci oflei ed to some of them an opportunity of l eeoi ding then deep sense of gi atitudo to the Council of Lillie ition foi tho nniinci ni winch they hld con ducted the cducitional ul!ins of the colony for tho long sei its of j ears during which they hld been en trusted ni then hands , and of aeknow lodging the gioat debt uudoi which they had pi iced the coinmu nity foi then lone, continued gratuitous sei vico (Appl uise ) He felt coi tain that in saying that, he expressed not only the opinion of those present, but tho gre it number outside which that brilliant gathei ing was representative of (Loud applause) lins githeiing was regaided, and, is ho thought, properly regalded the most impôt bant, tho most noten oitliy diy ni then lasmamin yeir 'lo boiuo of those present tlio meeting to day vv ould recall proceedings thej had vv ltnessed m tho old country , xv hile other» niHjht, with a view of Bclfish pleasure, look upon thu advantages now afforded to those who had fifteen j ears 1 iter than tho gonei ation ho belonged to, en joy ed the substinti ii adv aubiges of tho existing cdu uitional system Some of thurn might have wished that they had a chalice of going m for these great hououis, but for himself, seeing the pi oud position attained by many ot the 'loBinaman soholars, ho felt glul that in his tuno they wore not woikcd so haitl as thu scholars of the present day (Laughter, and hear, huu ) \\\ hilo ho thought it was desirable that thej should lnvo gentlemen ft um tho othor colonies to conduct tho examinations, year after year, they had i tason foi this j tar md best \ ear congi itulntitig thom I solv es unon the choice thev lind been able te make 'llioj all remembered with great pk untre their friend Professor Ii v nig, and regí etted that circunisbiuccs did not embie lum ro continuo his visits Howevei, bcai ing in ininti the sw eot expectation of girl graduates, vv ith then golden hair, coming up foi examination, it was as well, perhaps, that thej should hav o some "potent, gt ivo, and reverend signor' to succeed him -(laughter)-who could not bo moved bj tears run mug dow n the cheeks of Ins girlish student as she posed ovci hu mathematicalpnpci,and would uotshovv to bei nny favotuitism (He u,he u) In Dr Biouibj the Council had a gentleman m whom tho public had tho utmost eonlidcnco (Loud applause) And in pi oposiug the toast ot tho I'xaminei-s ho had gre it pleasure in coupling therewith that of tho Examiner in Chief, Dr Blombj (Cheers) Di Broviiiy replied to the toast, appreciating fullj the compliment which had been pud to himself and fellow examinas He had taken gie it pains m his ovunination of tho ciudidatcs presented to him, and ho had to oxpicss his tluiiil s to the landidotes for tho eueful minnel ni which thej had prepared thuir pipéis, which wore all written in a eleir and logiblu hind Hu congi itnl ited the athol ira upon their honest diligence mid ibihty, and saul that it was a eminion delusion among boys tint close study was something degrading, s »nothing uicompvtable with t,onms of a high intellectual character, and in conse quenco thoy gave it haul and opprobuous names But all that was a mistake It was despising tho high gifts of God In conclusion, Di Bioinby sud it was aBouico of great guitifieition to lum to lind so much couseioiitious and honest application to their studies displayed by tho candidates, and said it was tho surest gum anteo that tho young gentlemen would prove i,ood and genuino muuibeis of society , and as such ho vv íshed them God speed (Applause ) Hie lion F M Innis ma speech highly eulogistic of tho Sticcess which had attended tho scholastic ar- rangements of Tasm una, proposed the healths of tho liiBuianiau scholars and associates of 1877 , and spoko ni tot ins of m inly pudo of the manuel in which tho«c young gentlemen had conducted themselves in Lugliiud Mi MvoMhlvn* (soiuoi scholai) acknowledged tho compliment, Btatiug that ho was suro his fneud, Mr Neil Lewis, agreed with him in saving that thoy wore grateful to thoa masteiB forthovoij careful ti arning tiley had received, and which had enabled thom to win the positions in which thoy were to day placed (Applauso ) Ire ti usted that neither hmiBolt nor Mr Lewis would do anything in future years that would cutso Tasmania to blush for them-(applauso )-and that thoy would pi ovo no less worthy of praiso mid emulation than those who had gono before thom (Hoar, hoai ) Mi Wi iisTi n (sonior associate of arts), also returned thanks in a shuit but appiopuato spi cell Mi John MoIntyri (iu a a ei j humourous speech) proposed tho health of the Ladies of Tasmania, coupling thoiovv ith the ii uno of Mrs Wold His E\tl 111 \cv replied, expressing rogiot that Mrs Weld was unable to bo present, but ho was sure that tho bj nipathj of tho audience v ould bo with her vv lion ho Bind that she waa engaged in tho bask of pumauly educating tho youngest of hoi family (Laughtei and applause ) 