HONEYWOOD. (From our own Correspondent! During the past week it had been announced that on Wednesday evening, August 15th, a lecture, on Congregationalism would be delivered in the Geeves Town Chapel, by the Rev. W. C. Robinson, of Hobart Town, after which it was intended to take into consideration the advisability of erecting a new and more commodious chapel. The Huon district, after pretty nearly a fortnight's heavy rains, is far from inviting to travellers, but the rev. lecturer was punctual to his appointment. A very wet night, however, limited the attendance to only a moderate number. The meeting was opened by singing and prayer, after which Mr. Robinson commenced his lecture. After dwelling upon the right and duty of every man to make free inquiry into all schemes of church doctrine and polity, the lecturer announced that it " was his intention to point out those distinctive principles which differentiated Congregationalism from other systems. In reply to the question, " What are the religious doctrines held by Congregational Churches J he stated that their members were bound by no creeds or doctrinal tests whatever, their only bond of association being spiritual sympathy. There were certain cardinal doctrines, however, which might be described as generally received " by their churches. Briefly stated, these were the existence of one God, Father, Son' and Holy Ghost ; the inspiration and divine authority of the scriptures ; the fall of man ; the Incarnation of the Son of God ; His atonement for sin ; the necessity of regeneration ; the free will of man ; the immortality of the soul and the resurrection, They also administered- the rite of baptism and the sacrament of the Lord's Supper. The lecturer then proceeded to describe and justify by reference to the New Testament and primitive church history, those principles of ecclesiastical polity which were held by Congregationalists, and constituted their main points of difference from other churches. They held first of all, as being in strict accordance with the New Testament, that each church or congregation had the prerogative of managing, free from any control from without, > either of ecclesiastical synods or civil legislatures. i Thus they had individual liberty, together with catholic unity. They also declined all connection with the State, believing that such alliances are damaging to the spirituality of the Church. Their churches, however, though independent, were not isolated, being confederated in fraternal unions for mutual sympathy, help, and counsel. The qualification for membership was a spiritual one-the profession of love and loyalty to Christ-the members being bound to no book of doctrinal tests except the Bible. The lecturer then quoted. at Mme length from an address by the Rev. Newman, Hall, to. show, as he maintained, that Congregationalists held more consistently than did the Anglican Church herself the definition of a Christian Church contained in her XIX article With regard to the constitution of the ancient Christian churches, a number of authorities, including Archbishop Whately, Moshcim, Dr. Owen, and Gibbon were, quoted to show that in primitive times all Christian Churches stood on a footing of independence and ". equality. Reference was next made to the various church officers of whom mention was made in the New Testament. First they read of deacons. 'Now it was clear from the narrative of the Acts, that the functions of these officers were analagous to those of modern churchwardens-they attended. to the temporal affairs of the church.' Ignatiafe" in his day described them as the "Church's servants" and deacons (i.e. servants) of meets and di inks," It was true they also preached, * but they preached not is de corps but as Christian men who felt that they had a message , from God. The office of elder was then referred to. They also read of bishops. These were overseers (Gr. «ruritoirot) of particular congregations and while they often read of one congre.. gation having several bishops, they never read of several congregations being subject to one bishop after the fashion of diocesan episcopacy. When St. Paul called at Miletus on his way to Jerusalem, it is said that he summoned the elders of the Ephesian Church and addressed them as " overseers." Dean Alford, in his Greek Testament, spoke of the unfairness of MU authorized version in this passage,' and saw that the word freighted "qvcrsocrs'iQu'imttp have, been tendered "bishops" boreas elsewhere. Dr. Owen, one of the greatest scholars who had adorned) the English Church was quoted to the effect, that there is not a single author for two centuries who speaks of diocesan bishops. Episcopacy in its modem sense did not exist till the beginning of the third century. After quoting from his presidential address before the Congregational Union, some eloquent words on the function of the Christian ¡ preacher, the lecturer concluded with an earnest exhortation to his audience. The lecture was listened to very attentively, and at its close on the motion of Mr. 0, Geeves a vote of thanks was accorded to the Rev. Mr. Robinson for his able lecture.' - * ?' - >. The Rev. J. M. Bayley, the pastor of the church, . then stated that in consequence of the small attend dance caused by the inclement weather, it had been decided to postpone till a more, favourable opportunity the consideration of the proposal for building a new chapel, The benediction having been said, the proceedings were brought to a close. August 10th, 1877. 