? w SIGNOR MAJERONI. At White's Rooms, on Thursday evening, July 12, Signor Majeroni achieved a grand suc cess in the fine emotional play of ' The Old Corporal,' of which we gave the plot in onr issue of Thursday. In the scene on the battle-field the Old Corporal first arouses the audience to enthusiasm by his display of tenderness towards the child whom the dying General Roquebart has confided to his care. In the scene where, after 11 years' absence from his home, aud being mourned as dead, he returns to find himself accused of robbery, and loses his speesh, his dumb action was most pathetic and terribly real, as it continued till the final moment when he is able to promise the name that restores to Genevieve the estates of her father, and nniteB her with Lucien. We have seldom seen anything so intensely dramatic and highly real istie as the Old Corporal's despair in finding that his dumb gestures cannot be understood, and that his poor children are to be the victims of Pierre Frochard's villainy. The audience re peatedly testified their approval by showering bouquets on the stage, and calling Signor Majeroni before the curtain. He was ably sup ported by Signora Majeroni as Genevieve, by his young Mario as Emmeline, by Miss K. Douglas as Mina de Romtzberg, and Miss F. Wiseman- South as Mariette. Messrs. H. A. Douglas as General Roquehart- W. South as Pierre Frochard, E. B. Boothman as Lucien, and M. Forde as Piqoche and Potichon also contributed to the euccess of the piece. On Tuesday evening, July 17, the play entitled ' A Living Statue' was performed at White's Rooms by the Majeroni company* The drama is a translation of an Italian one which gained a gold medal at Milan, since which time it has been performed at different places with unvarying success. The prologue opens with a chamber of death. Giula (Signora Majeroni), the loved one of Octavian Grant (Signor Maje roni), lies dying. The utmost skill of the doctor (Mr. Martin Forde) is nnable to prevent the severance of the silver chord. Giula dies, and is buried in the cemetery of St. Elmo. Oc tavian Grant declares to his friend Lucian David, a counsellor (Mr. H. A Deuglas) that it is his intention to leave Italy for America, and places in Lucian's hands his will and other papers. Two years are supposed to elapse be tween the prologue and the first act of the play, which opens with a masked ball at the Refresh ment-room, La Scala Theatre, Milan. Pelago Andriani (Mr. J. Dunn) has followed a masked beauty, Noemi Keller (Signora Majeroni), bnt she rejects him for Lucian. A man called the 'Living Ghost' is introduced by Lucian to the festive company as Count Paul of St. Rosa (Signor Majeroni). After submitting to some badinage from the assembled company, he drinks a toast ' To Death.' The masked figure starts up beside him aud drinks 'To Life.' The Count starts back in surprise at the tones, they are «o like those of one be had lost. ' He ' is told that the owner of thtf voice Js only the principal ballet dancer of the theatre. He and Lucian retire for a few moments, and at the breaking up 6f the company Lucian, on behalf of the Count, makes certain proposals to Noemi Keller, amongst others, that aha should ocenpy ' efertain mean apartments', dress in white satin,, and allow the Count to visit and gaze on hes as a statu*. The second act con tains a conversation between Noemi E-eller, the living statne, and Luciah as to the* Count's peculiar whim. She is told that the Count met a humble seamstress and loved her. Fearful that she might raarry him for his money aad position, he changecrbis name toOefcavian Grant. Before he could many her she* died. At this jianetnre the subject of conversation himself comes in. He Deads tie- Noemi a letter that b» had received from a friend telling ui-n of » young woman in many respects like his lost ? Giula. He determined to leave America to gefr': a glimpse at her and thea'to return. Daily he went to- the cemetery of Sfc Elmo, and placed a wreath'irpon the little wooden cross that stood at the head of a small grave. The third act introduces Pelago Andriani remonstrating with ? - Noemi for the ridiculous position she bad placed her&eH; in with regard' to her friends in thus indulging the whim of one reported1 to be mad. Tbe Count thea- appears upon the scone sad Noemi asks him if there has been any change in his fe%Hngs towards her? The gloomy Count answers 'None.'' Again the question is put — 'Witt there be a cnange in ms reeling towards ner f? The same reply is repeated- — 'None.' The hour for hi» departure has struck, but Noemi will not per- ' mit him to go until she has demanded from him the restoration of her peace of mind* and hap piness. The nexfc'frwo acts describe thedevelop ing of Noemi's love and the gradual evolving of a reciprocal emotion in the bosom ofl Count Paul of St Bosa, and the curtain falls upon a scene which bids fairto end in the usuatway — the -tried ones getting married and living happily ever afterwards. As- regards the performance of the play, {Signers - Majeroni shone with ' - unusual brilliancy. The scene in the chamber of death was painfully realistic. The gradual change from the thoughtless, merry heart-whole ballet dancer to the womaa ° conscious of her love for a man who returned it ~ not, was a triumph of dramatic art. Signor Majeroni, although he had a part to perform ' that was not calculated to draw the sympathies ' and admiration of the audience to himself, was nevertheless very effective. The Signor and' Signora received several recalls and floral com-' pliments. They were well supported by the other members of the troupe, although fron»« the character of the piece performed the atten tion of the audience was engrossed by the two principal personages. There was a very good'' house. There was a splendid house at White's Rooms on Wednesday evening, the occasion of Signor Majeroni's benefit, the hall being crowded in every part. Bis Excellency the Adminis trator of the Goverment and suite were present, and the attendance included some of the leading citizens of Adelaide. The drama selected for performance was 'The Two Sergeants,' pre sented for the first time. It is said to be founded upon an incident which occurred in the Franco Prussian war, and it certainly contains some powerful and effective scenes. It is dependent for the interest it excites upon the faithful affection of two comrades in the army, one of whom — which of the two is to be decided by lot — has been sentenced to death by a Court-martial for a breach of discipline. The lot of death falls on William (Signor Majeroni), and his faithful friend Robert (Mr. Boothman) volun teers to take his place aud suffer death, if it should be necessary, to permit his friend William to visit his wife and children. It is not necessary to follow the plot, or to explain how ?private malice which sought the death of Bobert was thwarted, or how William, de frauded of a passage across tbe strait which separated his native village from the fort which was to be the scene of the execution, .. swam across, reaching the shore in a fainting state, yet in time to save his friend, although at the expense of his own life, had not a Provi dence improvised by_ the playwright anticipated him. The whole piece is one affording scope ? for powerful acting, more especially on the part of the central figures, and there is no doubt that Signor Majeroni gave a most impassioned end realistic impersonation of the character of William. In the second act, especially where he has to keep the fatal .secret from his wife, his .representation of the horrible agony of the - situation was powerful in the extreme, and it was - almost with a sensation of relief that the spec tator witnessed tbe fall of the curtain. Ifjtnera was any fault to be found it was that occasionally he raised his voice unnecessarily high, but -this was only noticable once or twice. The other characters were well represented. Tbe part of Marie, wife of William, was taken ? by Signora Majeroni, who depicted the anguish of the wife, whoee husband from a nobly chivalrous feeling was rushing upon almost certain death, with great fidelity. Mr. Booth- - man admirably sustained the character of Robert, while the villain of the piece was forcibly impersonated by Mr. South. Valentine,:, an old bluff corporal of artillery, was excel lently represented by Mr. Martin. The princi- - pal actors were repeatedly called before the curtain, and were liberally rewarded with showers of handsome bouquets and several wreaths. The entertainment concluded with. the sparkling vaudeville 'Nephews and Nieces,' in which Signora Majeroni imper sonated four different' characters. Her acting was exceedingly- amusing, and created the utmost fun. She was ably supported by Mr. Martin and Mr. Forde, and the piece passed off very successfully. 