Scenes In Crete. (From Blaclmooâ't Magaiims.f ON the day following our arrival we shoulder our guns, and strike off for the Akrotiri peninsnla. To say truth, sport does not so much enter into our mirfd as a desire to coast along the famous bay of Suda, and examine a harbour in importance and in safety second to none in the Mediterranean Sea. And it was well so, for neither fur nor feather did we see throughout the long day. We did not expect big game ; for had not Pococke already written, " As to wild beasts, I could not be informed that they have any other except the goat and the hare ? But this barren, thirsty high- land did not even show these ferocious animals, nor did a single bird rise with- in our sight Vet were we well repaid. At first our way lay along the cliffs over- hanging the bay. Then we turned, passing at rare intervals half-deserted villages, and still walled convents, to emerge again near the extremity of the peninsula. Here and there a peasant tilling the soil looked up and bade us m good day.» But desolation and silence ruled supreme ; for the dry soil scarce «pays culture, and the astern water is too scarce to be used for gardens. In many places we found limekilns, where the limestone rock is broken up and burnt, and "creta" or lime is made. Evidently this peninsula was once an island and geological proofs show how it was raised by successive up-heavings, But our object is not to geologize, but to visit the ruins of the ancient city of Minoa, and thence to observe the bay. We reach the village of Sternes, through narro» bridle-paths between thick stone walls ; and on the hillside towards the bay we find some relics of the ancient walls, stretching from a circular tower downwards towards a most remarkable deep circular basin, which once was the port of the city. Of profound depth, this basin seems to have been the crater of a volcano, and is now completely closed by a semi-circular reef of rocks. High up on the hillside we throw ourselves down to rest.. A fresh air was blowing on the hilltop, but calm and unruffled at our feet lies the Bay of Suda. From its entrance to the end, where it washes a salt marsh, it is four and a half miles in length, while from shore to shore its width is about a mile and a quarter. Immediately below us, five hundred yards from the Akrotiri 1 shore is the Island of Suda, and the clear water shows a reef running out to it. Two and a half centuries ago Rycaut wrote , tftat this passage was fordable, but now the chart shows in places four r fathoms of water. From our high posi- tion we look down into the island, and see the old masonry fortifications which the shells of modern artillery would convert into splinters more destructive than the shells themselves, and , the guns behind the thin parapet look like toys glittering in the sun, Strangely picturesque it is, this island, which the Venetians retained for long years after the mainland had passed into Turkish hands. Until the other day a fishing village stood within the ramparts, but some four years since the Turks rased it to the ground, as interfering with some, projected fortifications, and transported to the mainland the inhabi- tants, whose forefathers had lived for centuries, aye, and for thousands of years, upon this little rock. But in true Turkish style, the works have never been begun. . . Wherever we went in the country-whether on the hilltops among among the villagers on the plains among the olive groves, however beautiful the land through which we rode-a sense of silence and of desolation oppressed us. Everywhere are the ruins of farms ; the villages are thinly peopled ; one hears no murmur of voices, no laughter or shouts of children. The few peasants who are seen wander about listlessly like ghosts among deserted halls. Insensibly the silent Elysian fields present them- selves before our mind. For the waves of strife and battle that have passed over this beauteous isle have sweDt awav the flower of all its manhood, and the j remnant that is left is watched and held in check by armed men. For nearly seven centuries Crete has been ruled by force, always striving to exchange its existing government for another. _y>RovALTliADES,-A» peculiarly Prussian trait "?^tmayberecordedthatamougthegifts presented to his Majesty the Emperor lately, there was an engraving by Prince Henry, and a book bound by Prince Waldemar, thc two younger sons ot the Crown Prince. Under the thrifty habits of the dynasty, each of the Princes, it is well known, in order to become acquainted with the popular aspect of life, has to learn a craft Iiis Imperial Highness the Crown Prince ie a compositor, and the Herman Emperor a glazier. It is related ot King Frederick William L that when in bia younger years j ho was inured to husbandry, he had a plough on which were engraved these wordp, x <? ilur ad asfra. His successors have rcinaiut-d true j to the motto, as wei] os to their ancistors' \ practical method o[ enforcing it by i!i;it of hard work. A RAHCIKATIK« CRIMINAL. -The "Hon." Henry Cavendish, who recently died in Woking Prison, was one of thc most re- markable men in the annals of crime. It is not known how many women he actually married in his long life-time, but tbcjnumber is set dawn nt ten. Italy, France, and Eugland were in turu thc scene of hiB adventures, and his victims ranged from two young ladies of title to the daughters of well-to-do bourgeoisie. The strangest thing about thc man was that .fae retained his powers of fascination up toan age when most men arc thinking of women as nurses and not os wives. When ho last stood at the altar he had r eached the mature age of 73 while his bride was |nnt more than 22. Nor did he make any nttemdt to conceal bis years by art, for lie wore along heard of silvery while. His manners were fascinating ; he could speak several languages, and read extensively, and was highly intelligent. Add to this that bc bad a strong will and an imperious temper, and the ascendency he exercised over women can he nnderstooo. Thc strangest fact, perhaps, iu all his career is the influence bc exercised to thc last over the lady who procured for him ; adeccnt burial. She gave part of a small annual ! pittance allowed by her relatives to thc support of him and thc last Mrs. Cavendish.- I ' 1 Manchester Qvaràian* 