A Brilliant Being. " I'll introduces you to tho niceHt womnn itt Londonj sho luis an ' At linnie ' to-night, and sim gives mo carto-ulnnoho to bring nny of my frionds," Pendleton says lo me, after five minutos' iiitollcotunl intercourse in the dining-room of Hint most rcstholio and im material of clubs, the "Young Mutton Chops." " Hadn't you butter find ont whether or not I'm divorced, detrimental, or dis'uiolinod first?" 1 suggests, for Pendleton andi have boon pnrlod for sovoral years, mid bo knows nolhing'of my ways und means. " You may bo either, or all tlirco," ho re plies willi determination ; " Mrs. Carruthers won't euro. If you're divorced, slio'll swear it's your wife's fault. If your detrimental, she'll swoar it's -fate's fault; and if you're disinclined to go to her housu, she'll overcome thal disinclination with n powor and promp titude that will compel you to proclaim hor as I do, tho cleverest und most charming woman in Loudon.;' ?" "What is she?" I ask, willi dawning ouriosity; " to míoLo tho Wizard of the North, is sho " Widowed wife, or wedded maid, Betrothed, betrnyer, or betrayed ?" , "Tho whole lot together, 1 should say," l'endlolon roplios calmly, and I nm «haken to my centre, for though not beautiful, I nm young mid innocent. " Auywny I nm suro of this, Hint sho's u womun of genius, and n most adorable creature ; you shall hear hor sing. By Jovo ! if she doesn't fetch you with her singing, you'i'o not the follow I tako you to be ; »ho might make u fortune on tho concert boards or ou tho operatic singo if abo liked, but the woman's heart is anchored in lier home and in her work." ? "Crewels?" I interrupt, timidly. "Work, I said, not frivolity," .Pendleton replies sternly ; " haven't yoii read any of hor booka? they're sought for, tm*, nt Mudie's, in a wny that would turu any uthor woman's bond ; she writos under her maiden minio of. Constance Terriss ; are you disposed to cavil al that ? " 1 bow my bend in meek doprucntion of having jmy such intention. Already J nm more than indisposed to cavil nt uiiythihg concerning bur. l'or I lovo pease, mid l'en dloton positively bristles ns ho speaks of Mrs. Carruthers. l'endloton is ono of thoso mun who aro nt besl a contradiction still to tito ond of ono's acipiaiuluucoship with thuin. Ho delivers himself of tho most rosoato-huod and gushing sentiments, in tho snddesfc-eolorod voice mid nmmior iiiiuginnblb. I liko l'endloton. Ho reminds mo of th nt knight of courtesy. Sir Gawuine. livery fominino goose bc montions becomes, by his procuss of mentioning her, a swan. "Aro you disposait to cavil nt Hint?" he reponls. " Aro you inclined lo add yourself to thu number of tho pnek of hounds who nra trying to hunt her down for having had tho pluck lo break thoso chains of slnviiry which were forgod about lior in her childhood, by a man who WHS base enough lo murry hor be foro' sins knew wlinl. love or lier own mind wîis ? " . VouilluLon pansus mid scowls n note ot' in-. t«i'tvM>»i(,i.ni nt, Jii<», nuil, enmpletely humbled, I. :il.i>inmi'i' oui. my re.miiiir.iss in luy myself a voLive ollcriug on ¡Mrs. C'iimiÜiers' shrine without- didiiy. Tliere is'discretion 1 in my doing this. 1'oiidletuti is aman of sufficiently good property to justify bim in gratifying tho dictates of his henri and incliiiatiou in marry ing. Evidently, bis heurt mid inclination tend towards Airs. (JiiriuLhers, who is proba bly ii widow well-inclined to ho n wife nguiu. Congratulating uiyseir on the keenness ol' perception which' lins enabled mo tu sou thu \rny in which Ihn cat is jumping in tho casu of my friend, I separate from him willi the promise to rejoin him in the evening, mid be conveyed undär his wing tu Mrs. Carruthers' " At home." London and 1 have been slrangoi's for livo years. 3Uy old haunts know mc not, mid in return for their forgetfulness I find uo pion. ! suro in Ilium. Tim girls 1 llirtod with iu dnys gone by havo forgotten my nama since Ihuir- respective niurrmgcs, and I hiivo for gottun tho nddruss ot thu woman who lovud mo. Tin) mon with whom 1 used Lo run ul Lillie bndgu and row on the liver, suiilu nt Ibu recollection of those nile days now, us 'hey.give ruo un nbaont-honrlod hand, ami nu invitation to dine -with them "sumo day." Altogether J. find timi, tho hours, of. tho first day ol my soioiU'ii in London hang fire terri bly, and í [im in the mood to bo grateful for the smallest of mercies, when I enter Mrs. Carruthers' drawing-room in the wake of my friend Pendleton. The "room is small, pretty, comfortably cool, and admirably lighted. About twenty men and half as. many women are disposed about it in knots of three and four, talking, the majority of them, loudly and volubly. But, above all other tones, one voice rises with a clanging clearness that catches my car and regard at once. I look in the direction from whence it proceeds, and I see a fine, fair,; tall woman smiling vigorously at Pendleton, and demonstrating to him across the breadth of the room that he is to stand at attention, as she is about to sing. He comes to an obedient halt, I fall into position hy his side, and in another moment Mrs. Carruthers bursts into song. Unquestionably she sings with unusual dramatic powers and effect for an amateur. Uncpiestionably Feridletbn is justified in almost purring with satisfaction, as he does while he listens to her.' Tjtetoojigbelongs to the highly suggestive oril^èîÎî^toHBwurds are wann, and the air is àWlÇWTOsW^Mrji. Carruthers rings out the)^&^^itj^l^Ir8^ ' so dear, that I only c:in'!^i^r¡^|gícjpc^«¿^ ( dicton is lilce a reed ,shakeirity«â)jËWri4<^j$tc& ? totters in Iiis rather tight patent twI^RÄSjr; . murmurs to me : . ^^sj^ s " Her voice is as fresh as a lark's in that trill, isn't it?'' . " I never happened to hear a lurk try that trill," I say, striving to be critical, not to say cynical, and feeling that my powers of being cither are failing nie rapidly as I gaze upon a large expanse of black velvet, over which a magnificently massive pair of white arms are arranged. I agree with Pendleton with out^a moment's hesitation, when hu says to me : « " You don't often sec anything like that out of marble, do you, old fellow ?" " Very rarely indeed," 1- say hastily and timidly, for our hostess has finished her song by this lime, and is evidently waiting to re ceive our plaudits. "That woman is all heart and soul," Pendleton goes on entluisiastically, after he has introduced ine to her, and she has accorded me a most genial welcome as " Charlie Pendleton's friend." "Lucky fellow! she calls you by your christian name," I say, enviously, and Pen dleton chuckles with ill-restrained elation and conceit, as he replies : "Yes, she's good enough to put me on the pedestal of her intimate friendship, and I believe thal I only do myself justice when 1 say that I appreciate the honour; one doesn't often meet with a woman whoso genius is so versatile as hers. There are half a dozen women heie to-night who write, for instance, but she's up to their mark in that branch, and beyond them in everything else. You've heard her sing? Well, she acts and writes as well as she sings; and with it all. she's as frank and unaffected as if she didn'.t charm every nu»n, and eclipse every woman, who came near her." " A woman of gunius ! ossontiiilly human," I suggest admiringly. " Don't quote Owon Meredith about Con stance Terries," Coodloloo snys willi severity ; "hy .Tove ! in Iiis most inspired moments he «ever concoived anything half HU grand as silo is! "and Pendleton, ns ho spunks, is so irresistibly attracted towards his theme, that I am luft;sl,randcd alono in acornor with full leisure to look at and mark her well. She is -but room for Mrs. Carruthers ! a description of hor demands » frosh paragraph. She is the " whitest " woman without hoing insipid, and without rosomblmg unbaked broad, that I have ever bohold. Her skin is magnificent!. "Yon wouldn't think sho was forty, would you ?" a little lady who notices my earnest regard of our hostess says bravely, and I fuel ready to go and do duuglity deeds «t tito instant against anyone who dares to associate so brilliant n creaturo with aught so prosaic os middle ago I I gnze at her nguiu,, rather moro intently than boforo, and 1 seo.-1 that her complexion is ns lino and delicntcly colored as thut ol' an infant. She hus light fluffy hair, dressed in a way that would hayo been trying to art ordinary woman, but thotös extraordinarily boeoming to lier. Sharias small, scintillating, grayish-blue eyes, that' do not Neem to belong to such a gorgeously largo and lino physique us hers. Tho eyes oro not merely observant, they are suspiciously watch ful. They wander from tho lace of ono she is addressing, and take passing notes as to tho feelings that aro nickering through othor people's minds on to their tacos. They look vague, and stray even when she is specking in oppnronlly the most eornoft und huartfolt mannet. Yet soon I discover hor to bo the frankest woman 1 li ava over mut ! It is im possible to account for. this that so strongly rosomblos deceitfulness in her exproision. Accordingly, not being able to acconnt for it, 1\. forthwith forget il. Presently sho disarms my powers of observation hy sweeping ruc away to a remoto corner of tho small, pretty room, and beginning to bu confidential with mo. Her frankness is n staggering thing to my experience. Bofore I Imvo boen an hour in her society she hos informed mc rather fully of ii good many of tho Into Captain Car ruthers' follies in general, and inuits towurds herself iu particular. Sho hus luught mo to understand that tho talents she possesses as writer, reader, vocalist, and histrionic mo re spectively of tho very highest order. I learn thut under auspicious circumstances of appre ciation and cultivation, she would havo boon a second George Sand, . Adelaida Kombl.o, tiiisi, mid llislori. Shu informs mo that Swedenborg wus an extremely elovor man, thu only lender of thought worth following, tho guido af tho fino " coming nico," and tho solitary instnnco in literature..ol' completo conguninlty of sontimunt with hersulf. Sho libur/dly adds that '" thu bonds of Christianity wore only intended to mil in those inferior minds who wore, incapablu of understanding the inure snbtlo mysteries of Gurman philo sophy, ''. and winds up by saying that sho " uxpocts hor little girl to bo ii triumphant refutation oC the theory, that religious culturo mid careful guardianship uro requisite for thc production of a good womnn." . If my hair wuro not cut in the orthodox military crop, it would stolid on end as .1 listen to these views. 1 long for nu introduction to this cursorily -mentioned little girl. Tho daughter of such a mother must be tim in verso ol' commonplace, to sny thu loiwt of it. I j mn a young mun, und my bend reds with ¡,'nil.ilied vanity as she gives mo to understand that her "'frank, unguarded Tinturo louds her to rehuir every now ucquniulanca in whom sho floes nut fool deeply interested." X feel in clined lo .min- liku Pendleton, fur she lins not viihtui'i.'d ino. I begin tu preen myself on tho fuel timi lier quick intuition and matchless j di-iiierilincnt hiivu discovered that tlioro is .muro in nie Hum in tho majority-moro in ino indeed than unynnu else- hus ever had siilllcient enterprise und research to lind out ! I pity Pendleton for that delusion ho nourishes as to his I'osUinn on ii pedestal in her estima tion, and think Unit shu lins pci'hups errad a littlu in good-naturedly feeding my friend's absurd vanity. I shall give Pendleton u word . of friendly caution by-und.by. 'Lucre is au immense amount of force about her I gutliur, UH in bright incisivo sou tenons nuil loud nocauts shu gives mu a rapid rusiiine ot her career. Silo oppoavs lo hold a variety ol arts ni tho hollow ol her hand,, to practise) llioui nil with profioiuncy, mid lo oninmund1 almost, unpvocoduntoil snuuoss in thtur exorcise.' Hor publishers toll hor that letters from -tho highest European literary outhoritios nSHiiro . thom that, it sho dui but give herself.tune, Ute gonuis of,George 'Shot ' \ . ? «VSBl. ... '? would dn'indlii into insigniiicmiro betoiv lier Her singing-master, constantly mentions, willi tears in bis eyes timi, bo cannot. Iinvn iho prï sinnption lo go nu lunching ont'- from; »lunn 3'utti herself might learn ! l''or tho riirft; shu informs rou thatshois .* au actress hoi ii," that 'she can't help doing[ thu right business, mid giving tho right rending in every port shc; plays, und that she bas in eonso(iuen?o to run the gauntlet of à great deal of amateurish ill-feeling and jealousy. " You will find, when you know me better, that most women hate me,\\-Mr. Power," she says, quite cheerfu'ly; .' '.' they're afraid to confess it openly, but they show it in a thou sand little undefinable ways and meannesses, and ill-conceived and worse-executed slights. Even those who are here to-night accepting my hospitality^ are betraying .it in their hearts. They come because they will try Uv meet men, and will come here; but tiley one nnd all detract from mo as far as (buy find it possible to do so. I can't help out-shihillg, them, and they can't forgive-me for doing it." " Utterly ignoble of them," I say warmly, and she smiles a seraphic acknowledgment ^Cmy.^tttÄaanship, and says: &W;^'MäSßWiffii'£^ to "1y 'laughter ; we're -JiMTWÎJKi:i.»M»-1J^rs-t],cre S11(J ¡¡j I" '-*"gdjUsunl looking ^f,atmjfiM^mî^in(w-^w looking for a dau];}mr^.mxm3 Wate^tji^ lady who is cliaiiii«Sl.0i8rfttnMiyBl»' '_ of listeners very successfully. ^t^etf?!)? "Silo's n very enturtnining childy*'' mother says, following tho direction of my eyos. " Most girls of lier ago ure gauche us soon ns they find themselves tho only spunkers in a circle of listeners ; but Elinor uvoids that pitfall, ns you'll nlrondy havo perceived. I Hiipposo Hbo has learnt tho art of conversa tion from me, for she lins boon my constant companion eyer Hinco I began to think for myself. I suppose'! looked amazed or amused, in credulous br appalled, for she resumes willi a running accompaniment of laughter : '"My dear sir, I 'supposa you think that 1' am historically iuuccuriilo iii making tho dales of my ' bugimiing to think,' and of lior be coming my companion, uouleniporaueuuu ? Nol at all ; I only begun '.to think,' after J married and found «ut t lind mada n mistake in doing so. Then, luckily, 1 had Elinor, and mudo lier my companion." " And a very charming ono you lind bur, 1 am suru,'^ I .suy feobly. Not. that I do nol thoroughly inonu what L am saying, but Unit 1 fuel convinced that Lhu lady whom I address fancies all tho charin of tho companionship ims omnnntud /Vom hersolf. " if es," shu suy^s iillably, "Elinor is what I huvu made her : if mothers uru such fools that limy can't mould girls lifter their own pal tum, they deserve lo .liuvo the burdon of stupid uii marriagunblu girls laid upon Lhum. Kot that I want Elinor to marry now ur ever, i'd infinitely prefer hooping her to myself to giving lier, to a second edition of bor falber, for cxainplu; besides, sim's much loo clover a girl uvor to marry a man who would ÍIIHÍSI on being her mnstor, nnd shu's muchtuo clover a girl to ho'satisfied willi a nonentity, und it isn't onay to lind tho happy medium." " I lave you novor found it?" I asked en couragingly; for if Mrs. Carruthers feels lier solf justified in talking in this strain, I, as a young man cager for oxporionco, feel mysolf perfectly justified in loading hor on te continue " Ye», onoo, whon il was too late," sho sayB, with nn affected hulf-chcckad sigh', and a singularly bright and untruthful smile. Oddly enough, though tho affectation and un truthfulness strike, they don't shock mo us they would havo done a fow hours ago. Tho spoil of Mrs. Carruthers is upon mo; she is a law to herself ! Nevertheless, though Ï own that the glamour is upon mo, to tho extent ol' making mo uuuapt lier dicta unquestioningly, I tell myself Unit if Elinor is whot her mother hus mada her, then Elinor must bu about tho last person in England I should Uko to hnve /'or my wife. I think this BS I get away from tho vivacious matron's side at;last; and foregoing, my original intention of seeking Elinor, 1 go meditatively to my club. Mrs. Carruthers favours mu with another sido view of her.character, in a few days, and succeeds in doing away with my first impres sion of her in a singularly conclusivo way, for a time. Opportunities for tho public display of lier talents us actress or reciter not ullaring themselves at v this juncture, she spends a largo portion of her time in tho privacy of hor own home, to a participation in the intellectual ploasures ol'which sho frooly admits mo. -lier "little girl," I observo, often listens to her momma's narration», with nn uxpression of admiring, affectionate incredulity, that would lead a skeptic to siipjiose Hint Mi's.-Carruthers is a vomancist of a fine order in privat« life. But the timo is not ripe yet for mo to be sceptical in tho slightest degreo about nught concern ing Mrs. Carruthers. In the purlaiico of my self and the few mon on whom 1 have con ferred the inestimnSIe boon of an introduction lo her, sho is tho " frankest womun ont," and wo nil applaud har to tho ouho jvhonovor shu multes n brilliant statement, ovcu though it may suvur moro of tho ideal than tho roal. Poor Pendleton, I remark, about this time begins to estiranto himself rather moro modestly and correctly tbnn ho did of yoro. Fte allows il to dawn upon him that'Constance Turriss is mordy tolerating him. (Wo nil call hor '. Constunco Torriss " behind her buck, nud nssail our Consciousness by declar ing Unit wo only do it beaause she is a public chaructcr ; t go so'far as to soy I should as soon think of speaking of" Mr." Shakespeare, as of hor: by liar married nome.) Sho's a splendid creature," Pondlotou says gloomily, looking up at his goddoss from a distance ; " but sho's just tho leust bit in tho world sel fish, l'owor, did - boy ; I don't Buy to you, 'Beware! trust her not, she's fooling thou,' but I'll just mention that shu used to recito to mo by tho hour, und if 1 ask lier to do it now, she snys she oan only ' got the steiim up whon silo 1ms un audience ! ' I've dono more for hor on Ibo Bress tlinn any of you follows will over do, lind uow she'll hardly look ut nie when you'm in thu room, ami mnkes a point ol'always having neuralgin when Luid I on her alone. -She's selfish, thia's what Constituée Torriss i» ; and when a iriiin hos sorvod her ends, »ml gnttilled bel' ournedivunity, she'll drop him without even a decent, show or hesitnlioii. 1 don't wunt to caution you, but toko euro." "i'll.toll her you're nettled at her seeming neglect," I say cuvolussly, for .1 feel very sure ol' my own ground with tho cundid und olevur .causo ol' Pendleton's discomfiture, l'oui'littlii follow! I nm ruully sorry that solf-ooneeit should linvo led . him to this bitter end. Xovorlhuloss, it;is a.wholesomo lesson to I'uu dlelon, mid that it. has boon given hihi is doubtless for his ultimate good. I don't liku thal iillnsion of his to having served the cur rent quoon of my soul oif tho Press, it doos not buuomo tho liiousu to remind tho lion ol' ' any little ussisUuou rendorod, in tho mutter of nibbling tiny ignominious cords thnt npiy havo fettered tho noble anima) nt any lime. Timi tho friendship of Constance TUITIHS (re pays n mun fully for tho stiiunuhust servido ho can rondor her. . ? "SYa--Mrs. Carruthers1 mid i-huvu fallon into thu habit of interchanging thought, sun tiinont, and oxpei'iuiiuo to a considerable ox tont. - 'l'liul is to say, l.imiiginu an. *« Inter-.. chango." ls going on. Vnndluton (who. is biltur) nayu that thu obligation is ii ono-sidod one, und that I .nm. simply*thu roeoptiiclo j^'i; ? ?. :.';' .':...''..>?'.- .'... ?--:: ol, and . ; . - * . . -._ - -ace. tlie loose thoughts l'or which my brilliiiui «lid versatile friend dosires lu find a Btoro-liouseV Ile says that thii inure fuot of hoi; expressing i ii view makes her remember thut she liolds it. Accordingly she expresses a viist number of ¡ uncommonly staggering views, and I_ meta phorically, sit at ber feet and worshipThur, ? and wish that heaven bud mudo mo such a w*mnn; lind repino ut not being brave or rash enough to ti y to .vin ber. . '. \ . . *« 1 long for retirement, for, rest in. which to carry out some of the ideas with-which'ruy brain is teeming, Mr. Power," she says to mu sometimes, with an expression of ineiliihlo weariness that is really creditable, from the. artistic point of viuw, to a woman whb isn't'| in tho least weary'of any tiling. . ".You proba bly mistake mo tu iho.dogruo of thinking that 1 ' filid pleasure in this vortex, buhu iii tho fulsome llattury thatTs offered nie, satisfiiotion in knowing timi i uni envied, and therefore haled by othor women, who invariably lind themselves neglected when 1 nm by: bul in this you misjudge mo, 1 iissiuo you thal you do." ? ?...;'?. As I have never seen her in tho " vortex," | nor heard tho " fulsome fluttery,'! nor detected thu dink vein of hatred which runs through thu jealous minds of oilier women concerning her, 1 cnn conscientiously nvor thal ' I have I never for a moment suspected lier ol Hading pleasure in any onu of thesu things, lint disavowal duos not satisfy tho keen pur ä|jg*Miuis uf Mm. Carruthers fur un ni-i Ss«tí^.opSati"n tua . buen my duly to my child lo struggle in publie for thu munns of supporting her, people ure cruel enuiigh tosuppuse Unit I liku tho notoriuty and adulation that fulls lo my lot, whereas, in reirlity, J nm weary of it nil. A11 -1 want is quiet, uud to scu my Elinor happy." " Shu's a channing girl, and is sure lo ninrry well," 1 say timidly. It is thu only form of oiicouriigeniBiil ns to Ibo filtiiru which: occurs to mo lo of fur lo her «I tho moment, but I I'eul that it isfpainfully coiniubn-placo in tho cuso ol' such a superior 'woman.'' .- .' .. .*. . ' " Marry !" she iopeuls willi superb con tempt, «* do you think that I look forward ld bur fulfilling a dornende destiny, which might in any wny resemble mino, with anything like satisfaction or hopo? Nu, no, Mr. P.owur, dismiss that notion from your mind nt once. Elinor can support herself already. I. guvu hor a magnificent musical education, mid she turns bur knowledge and proficiency to account and givus lessons. I Iiuvu brought her up to bu quito independent'of murringo ns a means ef living. Slio, liku nie, is justified in being u little extravagant iii bur lustes; she pays for thom liursolf." . ' > " Puor girl !" I say, cunipussiunatoly ; " it's rather rough on ber. that shu .should gb throughj tho .drudgury of teaching music." The truth is, it is a considerable lot-duwn to mu to hear: that thu .devutod. niothur, who is already Haunting the suurilleos shu is ^ perpe tually making .fur her ubild kuturu my 'eyes, should allow that child lo luke thc responsi bility of lier own maintenance upon herself at such nu oiirly ngu. l?or tho first time it .slrikes mu ns a hnrd and incongruous fact that tho girl should always be dressud in the plainest and poorest materials, while thu mother is invariably arrayed in garments of. price. It must bb conceded lo Mrs. Carru thers that sho is justified in her course ns fui' as results go. Mrs. Carruthers sunn by the morning light, untouched by the painter's nrt, is not altogether so plowing an object us the* dainty durne who sweeps down to dinner in shoeny silk, or thc evan grander lady who rolls nil' in black velvet and u little brougham occasionally to read und rucito to a select coterio. But tho glamour is on mo to suoh ii degree still, that I.look mion tho1 haggard, hard-faced woman, with whom I sometimes brenkfnst, ns an unreality, while I take-for truth thu dolicately-complexicucd, bowning, brilliant woman who shows horself'tb us ut night, . .? Tho shadow that fell so softly nt first, be tweuiiMi's. GaiTuthors mid fond Inion bogins to ? dcopon now perceptibly; Poor follow, I .am very sorry for him. Still there, is some thing contemptible to ruy mind in tho futile. way in which bo struggles to rotaiu bor Hug ging attontiou and regard, t know ber real sentimonts, which, with womanly considera tion, she conceals from him. .' Ho's a bumptious little booby," she tells me confidentially ; "I: have shown him. n longor string ol' kindnesses than I eau onu " inernto in a hurry, but because,"forsooth, ho lins chosen to fall in love with mu bo con 'sillers mo ungrateful for not putting up with his tediousness whenuvor hu chooses to hu stow it upon mu, uud Pendletonis .tedious, even bis best friends .must 'admit that; nil selfish people aro inore or less tedious indeed, for they will talk about themselves ; to me Ibero is nothing moro insufferable thou Charlie's Habit of chntleritig on und on about himself and bis hopos and disappointments ; I never gel it chnnito of saying a word' about myself, mid nutiiriiUy my own intorosts uro more engrossing to nie than Charlie Pendle ton's." "Vos, Hoillslinoss is'very .trying," I.-.say' quiotly; "supposing you give Puiullbton a, lesson on tho absurdity ol' it by usking hiui;to spend the evening with you, mid showing him that you havo about you lliosu who, with powers far superior to his, are contented to abrógate all olaims lo consideration or a hear ing in your presence.',' '., " 1. ronlly think you appreciate ' and under stand mo," she answors meditatively; " at ono timo I bolievod timi Charlie did' too, but to my bitter rogrot tho scales-hayo follón from my oyes about liim, and I sob now thut if his own poor littlo. insignificant talents .find no field for display ho gels impatient abd restless, nnd. utterly unable lo'.'discern tho tulonts of others ; howovor, if you like tu hour tho burden of bini, I. will nsk bim beru, and try to give my attention to what hu says about himself." .Shq gives mo n wann smile, mid u warm while limul us she says this, lind fur- un in stant I feel treacherously disposed to ;¡oiii. líur in tho hue nnd cry sin' is raising against I'eudlutou's human fruilly in luuling u-slight internst in biinsolf.' Hut I. chuck this ¿dis poHition, mid any iustu'f.d : ' " Pendleton-is-a very good-fellow, uhvuys ready lo givo a friend a baud up either iu Iileasuro or business ;. 1. , can't forget. Unit. hu introduced me to yon." ' . ' .: ''And V caiVt forgot that bu repented his act of unwouiod' gonui'usity as suun us' liu found that thu introduced was esliinulud mure highly,than tho iiitvodiuior; jealousy is such ii common failing. Do you ,know tlint. litllu friend of miño, Mrs. Acton ? She's painfully, jealous of mo, but, still, na she helps to niako un ovoning go, .I'll ask her with Charlie and ufowplhors; and after that ovoning I must go to my work «gain, leaving you to pul what impression of mu Cliarlio and Mrs. Acton uud othor friends may like to give.".. ' . " Mrs, Aoton always speaks ol'yuuin terms of tho highest admiration ami warmest re gard," J. say stupidly, tor I ought tu kuuw, by this time, Hint Mrs; Auton is inuroly u pug eu which Mrs. Uurr'utliors contrives Lo filing any views or uonlmimiLs respecting hursulf, which shu may dusiro Lu have held, ? "When you havo quito done your work I boro, I snpposo you will go away, Oonatuncu?"' Mm^Aclfou bruiikn out-rather-'unoxpuoludly »NEY"«*1'10 cypiiiug ,«JAt')iomp," to which ive . an Eflft,. ' , ..r. " . - ? " VIODEUATE. ^ ino v. Jiavo all been invited for divers charitable; ?puquisos by Mrs. Carruthers. ' ' Vi " ^V,' " When 1 have quite dona my work ! Ah when will that be?" Mrs. Carrutheis replies, with n pronounced sigh. ; ? «? Not whilo there is a fool left in the world,- ; nnd.hu chances to come your 'way,". Mrs¿ ; Acton answers. . ..-,,> "., -?'????-í*L-*Í¡^3>V(. -" And,while this world lasts.fools,will, exist: in it, my dear Alice," Mra^ Carruthorsj.says^i^ with admirable command of temper. '..?'' " I nuver suw tho axiom ' Ono fool -makes '. many,' so perfectly illustrated beforo," .Mrs. ; , Acton continues pityingly,Vloöking ut'.-' tue. - . And T. begin to think that niy enchantress's Vu.tln frieml has fallen n prey to '. the. green- . i eyed monster. Mrs; Ourrnthors oudorses this ' o'piuion presoiitly by saying: '. ¿ : ? '?':'';:; " Isn't it strange'tlmt'women* can't quietly;;:', accept tho .*: faut ofbeing excelled ? ><;Alice;-: ¿ Arion is "clover : und shrewd únough , in a ; limited way, and is wonderfully diplomatic nsji'sj u rulo ; . but even she cu'u't help showing that -. sho fnuls'n littlo'.fóulóus uow nnd ¡theil about'"/ mu ! I can't help being niore vorsntile nnd'so! moro attractive limn other women, onn\l_?^,; If I know anybody its supe'rior:tö^'^*'i('frt. am lo tho gonora\ity bf my, own j; jct soi. should accept hor superiority undi /er ma* mi nttompt to ligh/ for suprotnacy^iitli lier but'? .vanity; little [low vanity, 'bfintts mos'-'-'" women, and they either don't know when tho. ari« bonton, or thoj ttiko you men fqr stiel'. * fools that MiU't know a hawk from a , boron. NdftflïfirarHi^^ »lie' "mm ge^ïîe^rSffl^^ Carruthers says, havo no patience with people who ovor-rat'e a quality flint human beings possuss in common with cuts. Mrs. Acori cnn keep her temper under, mid cnn please peoplo who aro taken.,../' in by hoi- ; but directly she comes in contact with unyouu moro brilliant than herself, she . takes refuge-in tho wouk woman's silence !* I ? love Alice Acton, dearly, but 1 can't help see ing Hint shu is rulhor shallow, und more tliori.Y rallier vnini- There nro times when ; I -don'tV : hesitate lir tpll hor that I think she is making a fool of horsolf." ..-.' '' -'.'.. .? - - " lt always slrikes mo Hint Mrs. "Acton has just caught thu shadow- of your vivacity,:, but ; fuils ' lo' give it any substance in conséquence ? " otMinving less drumiitio x'oweiyandJ ii -weaker. - : physique," I say, surrendering Mrs. Acton . und her claims to the smallest particle Jof¿j courteous consideration, ira the spot.* truth is, I havo-put.'Mrs. CarrutburU» . a.lofty pedestal; I havo ronred'y praises so loudly, and cnllod so put+Ji on all whom 1 know, to come' and O'» piece of perfection 1 beliúved her tha onset, thal I: inti" wilfully blinii sign my idol gives of tottering,- out; siderutioh for my own opinion/ . If'si, tho bright particular slur I havo i upon proclaiming" luir lo bu, thon 1. blundered too ' egregiously ! 1 '.'rashly",.' mino lo give her n fuir opportunity of pul out the liglits'uf ii: grunt number of. the lau., friends of my family. ; Some ot these) " know -.», hum little" already, und most of'them dis like her moro thnu u little already! I'or. she ' lins, ns it were,.Hwoopud mu off iii- her ongle A flight, from tho midst of their safe fold, and' j they speak of in« as " poor young Power "'to ' ono niiotheV, and avow that 1 really : dare not say that .my soul is my own in the presence "bf Mrs. Carruthers, who,- they meanly in sinuate, only ? refrains , from entertaining honorable mntrimoniid intentions towards me' because-shu is trying to mature some try'v,v profitable onos;in rulaliou lo another in oti . .-. Thoy Bhnll/'soo. her ns she is," 1 red rashly.. So'I call them together under( . ' pretence of feasting them under my nei , docoratod bachulor roof- iu reality that tl may soo with whnt superb easo and propril^..... Constnn'co '; Torriss fills tho thráno I-amU. this juuc'.uro always rundy to erect for hw*i<0 any momont, on any spot, , ' -,(Xi Hy- somo special gift of divination,' soméij aslutu power of reading whatever she desire// to read, she' discovers : that they are td j ? opposed to and intriguing against-:'her." Stjf/,-:" «ho ia very magnanimous, for though she r|M fuses to buliovo tne when I toll lior that nj I one of thom has hazurdud a word against Inj 1 < sho makes a free and ample display bf her;''"'; great and varied talents for their amusement ^ while I unible about the room, and try to ba ' , mock under.tho exulted fueling I have, that ïs am the manns of their benefiting by tho conj densed essence of tho several talents ot¡ George Saud, Adoluidu Kein bio, Grisi, and i lüstcn i. I try lo remember that she is but V human, and though ol' " grout imrts," tliat^/ thaso " parts " niuy cruniblo away at tho first ^coi'tabt with cold or catarrh. Alas Mt nove: occurs to mu that sho may crumble uwn; from me, leaving me to perish under th ruins of that 'temple bf appreciation un flattery in which 1 have enshrined her, a'' into which-i insist upon dulling all I.knun*T como und worship. , ; " All your friends detest mó," she whispers ' to .ino. sovoral timbs, during tho evening; ». "hut it's jealousy ; und I um, suru I do no- /.' thing to create it. 1 urn .simply what natuij'/ mudo mo; and 1 ask you db 1 do anything tj ^ . detract from' thom, ors. to distract attentiof/T? from thom ? ..Tho great- majority of thom UK ibpls; "but they're' uot such fools as not.jpj. see that a woman to whom the powers ubovq . havo voiiulisafcd(bruins, lukes tho pus of.then/ i in spito of nil'their showywell-gilt, woakl// iiioilbiisivonoBs. ' 1 cati'l congratulate yoi/ on your gnlnxy of beauty. Out ostimablo Alice , Acton can . hold hoi own with tho best , of ilium. It wa* .prudont of you to boar tho charms in^raina whon you ,woru issuing your invitations^ \, to take cure that they, should riot beoiitsV Huo; how they hate mo, bocatise you stn)| md! Go'und do your duty, Cecil; go cajole thosu wearisome women' with a complimunts,' suited to thoir shallow undA^ standings." -vïes ! they: aro shallow, Cecil j yoVi know, they ure, only you'ro not frunk as 1 am,/ and so you duro not sny it." , ^ " Sonia of them uro dour good wonion," I say, humbly ; and I moiuion- two or^thruu who havo lieoii very kind to iiie,>udsfol'' uó"iílt«jl'lr" object, 1 cnn sweuiV r ^ '.'"JJoiir goodwoiiiuii,1' niy chiiriniug friiiml échues,laughing ; "so wiisyoiir griiuduiolhury; wiisliarwoiiiiili' a dour- good wuiauu, 1'vo. nd doubt ; is thnt any reason why .they should lot their ill-iiaturp got tho hotter.of them, to' tho oxtont ol' showing me, us they do, thut thuy abhor me, bocauso every tuan in-thu room wanls'to'talk to mu ? : 1 don't cara 'for tho nlluution ol'- thu million, do Uliiior?'.' .-"?'?-.? /? ..." f'-No, niiimmn, not nt"all," tho obedient J iiuawurs promptly, with an obodiotit but pe7 liar suiilu. I . "Hilt I am not going to bu rsyuopli,. enough to ovadu it, for tho Baku of, plea si nr . number of spiteful old women who want j\ . ifaraago mo, bocuuso I am not us disagroonv ns.tliuy nrb.thomsulvos." - -'-.:, ,^ -" I nm Hiiro they don't want to damage -. and I'm equally siiro-that you'ro the. person who thinks thora disagroeik '-. striking u feoblu blow for these pir i ? friends of mine, who aro really ink. :'? , af oll'oncj ngainHtiny tumpustuous uiisl *. in spite of nit my wull-iiiuiint e,'"" fail in organising au liiii'iuotiif l''or though Constnnuo; Turriss' giving herself to tho good oaui-1 my friends by tho display of,*' nbilitios, sho is not by any' ?with tho moods of opplaùsT and so oonilomns thom: whoí7* hound in ,tho jneshes of hopf coined Half nt legist of iiiy fii.;ii(lti go iiwny oiT.-uded with Uer, Hod "sin- r. 5n iura- offended nilli nil my men friends, fur not having joined Ina- in deriding everybody else. Tiie moriiintr after this, Pendleton lakes occasion to tell nie lie " hopes that I nm not s°i"g to make a fool of mys'.df." I du not answer him in, wonts. Words nthbrassi-d /y*by me to Pendleton on ibis occasion, would f bo weale, for the laws of civilisation would re f" strain me' from uxpresslng'"even n'mo-leiatu nmount of the in.illable scorn mid djsgust I _feel for any fellow . calling .himself a friend, who*cari cori descend to^uäd t he idle" vVrbíüge l of tho frivolous world aLuut such a .superb, fe woman «s Constance Torriss., 'AccoVdingly, I 1 do riot deign to answer Charliu .Pimdieton, lt but in .the, afternoon 1 propose to.Mrs. Car-. : Brothers'. ;k ,. , .. -, Bj. ,it: is very., romantic !-:"S.lie'-jíoes not quite, ff. .accept', nie, nor dq«.«'«lie by any means refuse ino. Sho tells metliat^l")»m a very foolisb boy, !f,;tör,wnnti,to_^arry;ft,womiin'wlib crinnut help ": being::tjnnsciiiUK. uf- being for moro highly : "gifted jntellocfually, thnh myself or. any other . ; j. R^»'!<ánd,i)^'%me>desUyiadil%. that my " folly ;bns,'beo.n,sliarbd'liy every other marriageable' ,.*. member, of ruy sex, whose,fate it has been '.to ., como across hor-pnth.'1. At tbS'same limo she .- .givtfs mb to, understand.flint I am richly on; . ,dowed with many of the qualities she chiefly ! admires in.aflian,-especially jn . n Inver ."who ,j. , ^npsm\ctraáVórroió|{.;lümfioIf 'into, a HUH :.. 1>and..'< ;0n inquiry, i find .timt; these qiinlilie; ... «re,: First, appreciation pf Constance Toriisi. ... second,;^sympathy, \vith 'Constance, Turriss; uti "tfiirdj belief, .in,;tho 'supremacy, of Coiislanct T^i.Terriss j.nndjlastly,-.complete: readiness' tc . í abitogate. all, claim to right. of .judgment iii individuality of.any kind, in tho presence ol ?^-?Cqijslancb Terriss 1- ! My other virtues may ht ^Jpm eTttird^iñny, hui. she lins no p.ne .for them. J.f 5fljpn tiio'Strcugui .of .¿bose which she lin's -viif ,igbt me to dajKlop in'relation, to' herself, Siilurs. Carruthers .loijsi'uts to let mo contract SjîV~'.Jfort.'of engageaient with her, which does _~,Vl quite letter/her, Hud which leaves mo sfñ|i?AÍiout the. ghost ol' a chance of freedom. so embittered W'fi^^ä^Mi^t^h^'bcm , fearing he wouMbú. . "Perhaps I may bo your step-son-in-law, Cecil, old boy," he says, with emotion. '.? ," Elinor is a jewel of a girl, and will: make a » , jewel of a wife-" i , :"Have.you had thc presumption to aspire . ito Elinor? " I interrupt hotly, actuated, as I , suppose.iby, a feeling of paternal pride and t». jealousy, j Charlie Pendleton is a very:nice, i ^amiable,young fellow, but he. will never set ¡.. . the ,Thames on, ,fire. :I-interrupt lum, thele . fore, with a degree pf heat and asperity th at t"1/(he, apparently fails ,to. understand', for he , replies/ . .. ' ,' »?.Vi.;..";W^?t'^--^®^'**?y thé' cat jumps, is it ? I V'-'i/%ft?8^l^?!*9^Tu"'^t^n.yp>» made to me 1 -J,? just, now ; .referred to the mother, hot to the . . ^.daughter ? " ..." . : :i ;. ? '.'., ? ','Istand in the position of Mr's." Carruthers Nt^'l^a^^..'iKuB^ai^>!'.¡th'^^óró:°h'er ; child, to ^fdxvhff i^ welfare .she ; has . ever devoted herself i^iin'a .way that is unparallelecl.in thc annals of1 , cmkternai. lpyei''is'ás;d,ear to me as herself." . ft''.',()j. Really,','' 'Pendleton.' says, sarcastically ; ejr^^qh my word,'Power, ,! don't kno\y whether i ifhat'.sentiineht^'do'es.most hono'r.tb your head A ¿driy'ojii; heart. . shall .'we put it, to Constance if. C)!r)ernss,.and Íéb/v'e^tb:é,decision to her? " .. ' I/(...".(jf Her'décision \yf¡ljf¡;^lemiae)'\' I say, arid . jy-JRendleton: roars witK i'jaugliterj andi answers Äj, ti^â.t^îe,hopes. ,M rs.,Carruthers;\villiedit' my jj 'íactipns.fór.the future.'with lier,head, and'not v.; .with lier.héàft.', ;'Añd if Elinor, is'.'inj question .V¿{i'shc tyiïitnatë:£fâpl of herself.?.Í j1'" j: .j.r';.<';r'.18hall 's.táii'd.'iin. plácé.! of,,a [father to. ¡.'Elinor,'.' ,1 isay, feigning to . misunderstand l';;j ' hinv stUli j' ' arid, when,; Elinor's happiness ,'is at ,f¡;'StáIcp,Jmy;,,wife Wjü ,'coinp'to. me', for |adyice." i';f,-'....'¡['¡.No doubt she ^U,*$d.[npt;,táké it when «'.'.¿Of-giyp.it.'i, Peridletori'says, heartily j " dear ,r.,)pid,'bpy, 'l seeit'sgoing tio be aU'right, and I j.,i,ShaH,'not bb as'tdriishe'd,jf your nióther-ih-láw ^vV'.daoces.a.breàkdOwn 4t your wedding/' f.n;."bHisntalk strikes me, .as .being ribald in iir^the'-'OXtrenid'.«hiNevertUelesB .it vis'more iu I sorrow than in auger that X- leave .' Pendleton, fin and retire ito tho.-seolusioti of ^y,. omr study, whero; I.> compose . nnd pen a letfcr;.. tp. my : people at home,'announcing..to . thom that I i ; .'propose to becomo'the linsband.of. C'onstanco X'.'<!Xerrlsa.i(iThht';they.«'will-'.bo -afraid,].with).a ú'(; greatdaal-of. amazement, when..they come up ;í; to tho wedding ¿nd see the bride, 1 have no nú manner bf! doubt.ii'.-But'.in. ;tho menutinuv v:''.;until:tbey do seo her, I,draw^hor, lines .and : ï.ûp'ut in her. colours in aiway, that will astound ¡ .vlf thom' a little,1.anil, .'cause ,thbm:,jtó: feol.;tin ; >ií.-boundbd'.odmiration, (X liope) for .my 'ninghiil '"< .centchoice, J fr^\\-\ ¡,, : ...^ '[.¡,- .S'::/¡,,'.':,-''-~ v ii¡;; . ;IíTgrow more.nrid.'.moro.îior.vous^as'I indite ;'..;..the letter, for .in tue..nnturul drdur pf .thing's MI. tboidaughtor hasito bb mentioned,us well us ii '.the niotheiv'.'Mywork is eisy as fjir as.Cpü ;8Uincoigobs, for >1 pan say.'of 'her literary ; and l i viartistic réputation; generally ." all :,that I, ciiii ?^/Vrèmember tliat tho reviews have said , during r)'>the;]ast ton yeárs.n:. And when I comb ;tp thé .4'- description -of ber ;privnto iwbrtbj- and her ?.j^^ooial phiirms-well ! words j fail me!.' Tliui .' h, portibnpf my lèttor'thërefore issoóh sdamped "!v inj'butv when^it' bbcomos necessary to say tU.íisbmbtbing'ábnut Jîlinor, difflculties arise, aitd «I'feel that'I shall:blunder iu designatiu'g lier." ^Common.sense tells<:nio.-tlint it is seriilb to' P V'-ßpeak of this'grociotisly^grown,.pretty young ;.'''twoniah: as Airs. Carruthers'., "little, girl,'.', .'and ?c; ' I'. sbrink with nn1 unaccountablaù s.hrinkiug ' ;'ftom'speaking of hor as my .? future daughter." ;' ¿'If I carelessly record the fact of her existence Vahd'sny.; nd more about lier, they, will all set' ivi; off i'speuiilating ab'out; her.: at homo in the ii; wildest mapper. - My, mother's name is to me v-'ia synonym, for- all that ¡is ',good und kind, Í' ligbnerousi itruthfiil;,'niirl tole'raut.' ? Still, sho "í / 'will give'a second thought to the fact ' that I ^uwi, at,fiveiiind-twenty, goiug to tnko the rcs V'ipdnsibility df a daughter billy fouv-uûd-h-half '.>!i'i:yèii'rs^quhp;erv''thoii ' 'myself, upon mo ! 1 ni: groan as 'I -ernao my first paragihpli 'about :.;,;.Elinov, 'and .iominonuo. a second i with tho i j) '.words, .''M.y OoQsüinoo has. a child." Iback :;];: dowd.' nt -thb !point,''and tho 1,words I have '.^;.rm'dited'ii.stareh-ibiiek-'iitp6n--'-':mo']'from "tho 'ii"pnpèr,''aùd seem to reproach-imb, foi?' having; ;'; "puc the fact so crudiily. and imporfectly.' ' Tho' J I I inbntipu'i is ? ? unworthy 1 pf ,1 Elinor,J and of ;'.'myselfii'i'It^ never, VocçurB;.:to ->.ine nt tho '. ' time i''that .« .slight'garbling ' or, 'facts ' is ^¿Unwdrtliy .'-of^^t tho^tlegiaiibb, Ij owe td Con-' <r' iBtnhce.'^?'.;Hdwbv'oV;';íIi'eriisoiiuy. second parn vi'- graph about Elibor¿ánd. ihako'n dash at it thus: '-.? ^ ,"Thero.is'a'dttUBhtor by tho first marriage.' ;'s>"vWnit tiil -yout seo ;;Elinor. Carruthers'':before ii ^pX^express ariy^disapprobfttion of young niou 5î rVburdaning?! themsulves*'/ with '-reiidy-mado. 'J~i,familios.". ? Tlion I gd pn; to spuak of my hnp iiftipinbssj'fln'ding've ! ?. As ^'Xipohclude myf letter: ig ^^niy.rabtlierT;'trust' ^'J'thufsliei 'will take .róy'.blÍBS for granted,' ' tor i\i^varily 'there.:Í8;littlepf; it iéxpréssed; :in tho; ^r. pasHBgeS't hnve penned.;;: ..:.', .'' -r. ? S7iV'..I;am;tho;eldc8t'sdnf''«nd,;my'.: brôthcrs and Vv'.i sWtera/finvbpaught tHo old-fnshidnbd custom ?.? "Iin'-'our family; of looking up ito thé eldest son \- f-l OB the" lippu and Btajvthd pi'ido and prop of .r Í the hbUsc.' As a raeu¡w'é l'owors uro nullor .V?'cons9Í'yative,'iind hnveía whdloRomo honor.of '. :., iiow grooyofi.. ' VVo hjive ; alwnyü deemed ;tho ¿ great Earl AVnrwick's arucinl test foi' the fitness ;"of iwomeu for doinbstio life, ;'that thoy should'. j» know how to spin and be virtuous,'.' tho -right, *;^bno.tremble, therefore, for my .-parents': : ? -peuce . of niiud if, on tho occasion - of their -i: next visit' to the liiarket-townj they-seo tjio :,:!'nainbi of- Çoiistiuieo Te.rriss ' udvortised iu : .¡>]o|l,tors a fool high, ns fho leading attraction iir',: in the curroiit nnmbor of " living Notorieties," 'r'.'.:whicli is jtiflt : now'buiiig'piiblishod with uh-, ii.-'limitad'iiuooess. If -.n peeress has preceded ¿-"i:her,;audin.pi'olutuis iiilvei'lised to follow, thoy inay.i.bear'tiin blow with, fjiriitudè. But if n llasiiing .dansouw flurried ott' tl io. honours Inst jiidin'diÂtinguifWM/dîvoroéo will sniilo Urion* ue "world:li'roin>.i'»i!^^»'piäk'B carrooD, then Vléed. will th'ay'VuäwmV.Ä j Vi hot beaiidiu-ed^tp^lIfVaUar .by ono of tlio ¿litera of'ib'ur bwnVJ^^;¡\yho bnvo iiovo'r !-- '^^" '; .-íSmM^t^'M'-^-^ dono anything ftimqus or infamous onon^h to win a place fur thiTnselves among '* I^iring Notorieties." How fervently I wish, us this dread thought crosses my mind, that ihe «dirorof (ho above-named ndrniruhle work of url and fancy were not above snppicion. If gold could procuro a pince in those pages for the ugliest good woman in the country with a handle to her name, allô should bavo it and so should the stupidest of bishops- ! l'ut, nins'! I know- a'deaf cir ~ would bc turned io my application, and therefore 1 muke no eifort to suborn noyone but just "trust snpiiñny "to" FÂte ti nmm'b'o .ïtV so" that' when Elinor's motberjdpes appear, she-.shall appear m good company., ? The more I thinkfof Elinor, the more I ¡.find, myself sharing . the sentiments of the mah in Robuj-t Brough's poem, " Neighbor Nellie." . , . : Still,.as jealous.as a mother, ...... A suspicious,, cankered churl; ? . ,1 look vainly,for"th'a setting, "'" ' . To, be worthy* such a pearl. ;. - . J. writhe as I remember Charh'e Pendleton's ? presumptuous intentions, and feel that- (if I were not engaged to her: mother.) I should have a better.right .than he has to aspire- to the hand of tho-girl whom. .I am rapidly scorning to love with a warmth tbat. is not at-, all parental. .".-?"?'????.;....'.'.-.,-.". . My father and mother are warm hearted, impulsive people, with very little to do. It occurs to-them, therefore, that it would be a good': thing to come up- and answeii"my"an nouncement pf the matrimony that is impend ing, in person. They arrive al my- chambers one afternoon, just as, I am preparing to start for tea with my grand proprietress, and with many-.-misgivings-1 entreat them to accom pany me. They accede at once with a readi ness that is revolting to me, and a hopeful expectation of finding my.-future wife all and more than I.havb described her, that 'makes me tremble. That they will (ind her a good£ deni more I have no doubt.- If I caat<jft1y!i manage, to murmur a request. \Qtißtäjm}üäte>l unlicard by others, that ääSlS^^^ SWlffe?! Itf^-^^^tejgg atu^^^^^íP^ fire ?&«\klfa\tffifr&?i:ry prElly scene. There are three or four ol lier perfidious female -friends present, and Mrs. Carruthers herself, tn a peacock blue Watteau gown, is " dispensing the graceful hospitalities " of the ebonicd tca tuhle and Oriental china : and Elinor is ex quisite in an ivory white serge thatwraps itself about her in most artistic folds. My mother, after greeting both Constance and her " little girl " kindly and, gravely, says : " So you're going to be my son's "wife, my dear? 1 don't think I could hilve chosen better for him myself." " I dou't think you could," Mrs. Carmthurs exclaims. . .'<."? It is a very bewildering hour. But Elinor and I are so clearly revealed to each otlier by the llash of that divine intelligence which irradiated my.mother's remark, that wc-each feel lhere can be no going back. ? ? For of course it speedily settle's itself tims! Elinor -and I are going to many, and that little preliminary , mistake I have made will never be referred to by us. - , 