Novelist Silverwater Bend on, TWENTY-FIVE YEARS OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE. BY DONALD CAMERON Author of ' Scripopolis" d.c., b.c, Though shallow gather, sunshine fades, Ami life appear a vale of sorrow ; Faint is the heart that «»od upbraids— The sun will shine again to-morrow ! EPOCH II.— 1860.— DEATH. Part II. Scene If. No condition enn bo more terriliie than that of a person who finds himself unknown, unnoticed, uncared for, in a city where once he was the observed of all observers, the worshipped of the worshippers. It is difficult, indeed, for such a being to com prehend the position, to understand how it is possible for the world to have changed so quickly, for the clouds to have gathered so fast, where a few moments ago the broad light, of day illumined the panorama. And yet how many of us have to pass through the terriliie ordeal ; how many find themselves strangers in a place whore they are well known ! Flora Leigh experienced all the humilia tion and despair of such a position when, after the departure of her mother and aunt, she slunk down George-streot in her plain merino dress, unnoticed, yet, in her nervous excitoment, fancying that overy- ono was looking at her, and gloating over her fallen fortunes, pointing her out as the forger's wife, the woman whoso extrava gance bad led a promising young man to criraa. For Flora had not been spared. The " gentility" of Sydney (heaven save us I) on hearing of tho bursting of the great bubble, had at once declared that they knew all along what was coming; they had prophesied it, and they only marvelled how anyone could be so stupid as not to seo what was tho matter. A blind mnn, they said, could have seen that tho extravagance and display of Mrs. Leigh must land her husband in the insolvent court or tho gaol. All this Flora had hoard in her lodgings, where she was un known, and whore she had given a false name — a namo afterwards fated to bo of great fame — Agatha Arden. And Mrs. Stingy, the housewife, who revelled in gin, nover ceased denouncing the upstart Mrs. Leigh who had ruined her husband. It was a dull, dark day, and tho narrow stroots of tho city were full of slush and mire, while the rain fell drip, drip from the roofs, and a mist hid tho bay and tho country. Flora walked on, her shawl drawn up to her face, her hat well down. As she passed on she started occasionally on meeting a familiar faco or Boeing a lady acquaintance stepping daintily in or out of her carriage. Once or twice she was noticed, but her " friends " at once began to regard intently some suddenly developed beauty in the rain-sodden buildings. She was almost glad of this — fiercely glad. It was better than the cold salute, speaking volumes, or the still colder "cut direct." What a terrible change in so short a time. In the brilliant summer, which had justcloBed, she had driven down this street in her carriage, the observed of every eye. An inclination of the head from her was then thought to, by some magic, place the recipient of the honour at onco within the pale of society, supposing ho were on the outskirts. She looked out towards tho hay and thought of the moonlight nights spent there, of the happy evenings passed as it were in an enchantment in their lovely home on the North Shore; of the nights at the theatres, tho charming reunions, where wit, muBic end tho dance made the scene fairyland, or , but her eyes grew dim with tears and she- hurried on. Away, away ; this city was for her no more, until she returned to it a triumphant or a dying woman ! Turning into plebeian Pitt-street she sought that old homo of the drama, the Victoria Theatre. It was then in the handB of a certain etilrepcnncur who had started operatic entertainments, and Flora hoped to be ablo to obtain from him an engagement as chorus girl, Ifor sho know that at that humble grade the devotee of opera would have to begin. Hut tho girl had developed a marvellous 'strength of character, ami wiir determined that sho would win her way step by stop to the highest pinnacle of fame or — fail. As she stood outside tho theatre what a flood of recollections ciuiio into her mind. She remembered tho raptures sho had felt when for the first time she had heard Sara Flower, the Queen ot Australian con traltos there, when Anna Bishop had Bung in "Norma," when G. V. Brooke had acted " Othello" and " Hamlet," when, later on, Lucy Escott and Squires had sung in " II Trovatore," and given her ft conception of what embodied opera wns. Then Ehe remembered the pleasant dnys Bho had spent with the great artistes she had loved to gather around her — the sweet faco and gentle kindness of dear Anna Bishop; the abstracted, absent-minded Wallace, the composer of " Mthritana" (ero he" went- to England and became world famous) ; tho arch Julia Mathews, then a wild hoyden; tho tender " Lavenu," the great harpist Uochsa, tho " grand dame," Madatno Carandini (whose name is an Australian household word) ; the gifted G. V. Brooke, Clarence Holt, Rosalie Durand, Mrs.; Charles Young (now Mrs. Herman Vezin) George Fawcett Howe, Mrs. Alfred Phillips, and many others, all of whom sho had mot or seen. She wondered, as she stared at the bills which announced the evening's performance, whether sho would ever become a star. There was old Mr. Joseph Simmons, the father of the Australian stage ; William Hoskins, the Australian Charles Matthews, as testy as his own char acters; Joseph Simmonds, now dead; George Coppin, that unctuous Artful Dodger, and several less celebrated. Her present application was to be made to William Saurin Lyster and his brother, Frederick, who had come from the Pacific Oiupti )>JUl lb v/l 01U|C10| piuilll- nent amongst whom was tho ill-fated Itosalio Durand (Mrs. F. Lyster), and Mr. Squires, and Lucy Escott. Mr. William LyBtcr was a gentleman with a very thick, black beard, and a rich brogue, which showed his aptitude for opern, inasmuch as it proclaimed him a truo " Hitalian." He was very gruff, sho know, and was apt to discourage. The Lysters had hit upon a capital thing. Heretofore, opera wa3 almost unknown to Australians. True, companies had occa sionally been raked up to perform " Trova tore," " Norma," and tho like, when such stars as Catherino Ilayos or Anna Bishop desired to appear, hut, for all that, tho great operas were sealed to the people of this continent. Mr. William Lyster opened tho seal, and reaped a great profit. At first ho gave tho operas in English, with Lucy Escott, Squires and Beaumont, but afterwards he introduced Italian singers as all Australians know, who have, in turn, hoard Barratti, Coy, Palmieri, Magi, Zenoni, and, greatest of all, lima do Murska. It wns some time before Flora could muster courage to go up to the door, and when she did. trembling like a leaf, Bho was told by Mr. J. E. Kitts, (wonderful Kitts) that sho would have to go round to tho stage entrance. Perceiving her to bo somewhat bewildered, the worthy singer accompanied her himself, and, after reach ing a wretched kind of a hole, ho thrust her in, took her past a strange agglomera tion of scones, smelling horribly, and sho was in the house, looking at tho empty, ghostly auditorium, and the garish stage, whereon several young ladies and gentle men were going through a ballet under the active supervision of a Maitre de ballet (so ho was called in the bills) and the general overseorship of tho great William Saurin himself. The principals wore lounging about the wings, studying tho score of " Masa- niello," while the Fcene-painters were hard at work on Mount Vesuvius. " See, there is Mr. Lyster," said her introducer, and Flora had hardly time to turn round, when the great entrepcnncur gave a frightful roar, and swore a whole host of genial oaths. Flora was ready to sink to the floor with terror. Sho knew little of th" roughness of stage life, and it thoroughly disenchanted her to hear such language in a place whore, heretofore, she had only heard the dulcet strains of tho prima donna or tenor, and witnessed all kinds of romantic things. "What do you want hero?" asked tho stago manager, looking upon Flora as if she were an interloper come thero out of curiosity. " I wish, sir," said tho trembling girl, " to get a place in tho chorus." "Can you sing?" " Yes, sir." " Come this way ; wo want good singers." And he led her to where the entre- penneitr stood at the wings, pulling his beard, as was his wont, when enraged. "This young lady wants to 'join the chorus, sir," said the stage manager. "Well, well," cried Mr. Lyster, 'l9t her sing then. What's your voice ?" " Soprano," faltered Flora. " Ah ! Hero," thrusting " Ah, non giunge" into her hands, " sing that." Flora took tho music in her hands, but it fluttered away from her, for she could not hold the sheets. The manager gathered the piece up angrily and gavo it to her. By this time Flora felt as if tho Btage was giving way under her, as if every eye in tho theatre was fixed upon her, as if the benches had become filled with a great audience, and two thousand eyes glanced at her mockingly. Sho could not sing a note ; her voice seemed gone. She tried to articulate, but only a feeble gasp or two came. " Too nervous, too nervous, no voice," said the manager, and Flora was hustled away, glad to escape. Tho business of the stage was resumed without athought of the poor aspirant. It was an every day occur rence. How often managers miss great chanceB through being too hasty, and not treating the timid gently. Flora was groping her way out when she felt a tug at her dress. Turning up, liken hunted criminal, she noticed a woman with a kindly but worn face. " You were too frightened," said this woman, tenderly. " Come to-morrow and tell him you will try again. He's in a pelter now." " No ; I will not," replied Flora, who was plucking up her old spirit. " I'll succeed yet, and I'll make him sorry ho did not give mo a proper chnnce." " Oh, it's his way," said tho woman, " and they're all like that. But — " She stopped and looked scrutinisingly at Flora's face. " You are — is it possible — Miss Flora Sinclair !" " How, how do you know me ?" queried Flora, affrighted. " Oh, I remember you when I was at Silvorwator Diggings," said tho woman. " My husband," horo her voice faltered, " was killed there, or I would never have been hero " " Now I remember," said Flora. " I heard tho story at the time — it was when Catherino Hayes was at Silverwater. Your husband's name was Harry Seaforth." " It was," replied the woman, in a low voico like a wail. " With his life wont out mine. I am now hut a waif and a wanderer, waiting for tho time when I will ho called to join him." She coughed painfully, making it ap parent, indeed, that the time would be brief. " Kato Hayes left mo n fifty pound note," she continued, " and on that I lived for some time. When it wns exhausted I took to the stage ; I was upon it when — when Harry married me, and fled from England, nnd now, owing to this cough, I cannot sing, nnd I nm only adummy in the chorus But I let all that pass." Flora began to think. She had hoard strange rumours about Harry Seaforth and his relationship to some of tho highest people in England. What a romance the life of this woman must hnvo been. Some day, perhaps, sho would know it. " Yes," resumed Mrs. Seaforth, " that, can have no interest for you. Neither will I ask you what has happened to yourself ; I would not probe the wounds of others, knowing what torture it is myself. But if you can really sing, I advise you to wait for mo outside until the rehearsal is over, when I will take you to Ilerr Schraper, who is forming an operatic and concert company for a tour of the diggings all ovor tho colonies. He'll engage you, I know." Flora did wait, and when she was ushered into tho rooms of Horr Schraper, she had recovered all horboldnesB, nnd sang so well that that artistic gentleman at once engaged her for a year, at the large salary of two pounds a week, adding that his instructions in " do use of do voice" wero worth ten pounds a week. So Flora prepared to make hor debut at Sludgetown, a diggings between Bathurst and Goulburn. The troupe was to go through Victoria and on to Now Zealand, where the goldfields hnd been discovered. The company remained for some time in Sydney to fill up and rehearse. It wanted but little persuasion on J; lorn s part to induce Mrs. bcatortn to join aB costumier and walking lady, in fact, generally useful ; and so tho poor girl had a friend, and someono who would attend to young Horace when his mother was on the stage. Scene III. When Mrs. Sinclair fainted, tho two bushrangerB Btarted back suddenly. The tal lor one made as if he would go out of the door, and his whole frame trembled with the most violent emotion. Mick Bradley was startled for ono moment, and then recovored all the marvellous effrontery, or rather cold-bloodedness, which was his characteristic. He cared neither for man, devil, or angol. When he had got ovor tho first shock, ho became as cool as if the woman who lay on tho floor was a stranger, not tho mother of the poor boy ho had left to die in the desert. Ho noticed his companion's agitation, and seeing the movement he had made, he at once Beized his arm. "Don't bo a fool!" cried Mick Bradley; "you've had nothing to eat all day, and we've a long journey before us. Why, man, pluck up yer old courage ; why should you fear a parcel of women ?" " My God !" muttered his comrade, in a low voice. "I could moot anyone but her!" " Pshaw !" Baid Mick, " keep your pecker up, and behave proper, or you're no mate of mine; no member of Black Satan's gang; no partner in tho great escort robbery. Here," he continued, speaking to Ailee, who was trying to bring her mistress to conscious ness, " take her away into the skillion. Off, all of you." Elsie sat in her chair like a petrified figure. " Devil !" cried Ailee, standing up, her honest faco red with passion ; " you havo killed her. You killed our bonny Frank; now you have murdered his poor mother. Bah ! why not fight men, instead of poor womon-folk !" Mick Bradly seized a pistol which was in his belt, nnd pointed the glistening barrel at the fearless old woman. " Shoot me gin you like, "cried the maddened servant. "I'm as well dead as alive, after what I have seen." Human life was as nothing to Mick Bradly, and half a minute more would have seenAileo acorpBe, hadnotMick'scompauion turned the pistol aside. It went off, and the bullet was buried in one of tho slabs. Elsio gave a terrible shriek and fled into tho skillipn, where she cowered in the darkest corner, mumbling, as well as her falter ing lips could shape tho words, the Lord's Prayer, her talisman agninst all evil. "D — you!" cried Mick, turning to his companion ; " you're as soft as a chicken." Here, yon she devils, clear into the skillion before I shoot both of you dead — d — me." Mrs. Sinclair had recovered now, and sat up, looking at Mick with an awful gaze. " Can thero be a God in Heaven," said the wretched mother, " and see me wronged in this way ? Can there be justice, that the lightning does not fall, and reduce this devil incarnate to ashes?" "It doesn't lighten and thunder in winter," said Mick, coolly, but so fero ciously. " Come to tho skillion, dear woman," cried Ailee ; " they'll kill you." "Let them," said Mrs. Sinclair, rising, her scanty grey hair streaming in tho wind,4 which blew in at tho door; "but I will curse this wretch with a mother's dying curse. Mick Bradley, God is watching you, and as sure as you Btand thero he will repay you for Qrhat you have done to me and mine. You will die the death of a dog !" " And you the death of a — " Again tho revolver gleamed, bnt onco more the more gentlo bushranger turned its aim aside, and all tho danger it did was to bury itself three inches in the slabs away from whore Elsie was praying, which resulted in drawing from her a series of shrieks, so unearthly, that if anyono was passing they would think tho hut was haunted. Ailee, terrified as sho was, hurried her mistress into the skillion, and Mick, after a fierce glance at his companion, locked the door after them. " You're a coward and a fool — you are," said he, on returning. " "Why didn't you let me shoot them right off? Don't you know d d well that when wo go away they'll run into town nnd tell we'vo been here, and then the gaff will be blown, and we'll get caught beforo wo get to Sludge- town." " Mick Bradley," said the other; " use those words to me again, and I'll shoot you liko a dog. I would not stand by and see you butcher these poor, helpless women for all the gold in the world. Shoot as many men as you please, but not women, not these women. God knows they have Buffered enough already through you." "Ha, ha!" laughed Mick, "and may be through others. Well, well, it's no use quarrelling ; I'm hungry ub a hawk, and tho tea's getting cold. We must push on to night and get to the cave, for we want to see the others and arrange our plans. Here goes." And as unconcernedly as if lie were at an hotel, Mick rat down, poured out. a cup of tea, and set to work on tin; provisions. His companion stood moodily by for a while, but hunger conquered whatever feelings might, ho struggling in his breast, and lie soon took a scat, and devoured the viands with evident relish. It was palpable that the two men wero famished. When they had cleared the table of everything edible, Mick drew out of his pocket, a capacious flask, and proceeded to manufacture two pannikins of hot rum and water, plenty of tho first, to a little of the latter, with sugar to give it a taste. Then Mick filled his pipe, and stretching lii3 feet to the fire, proceeded to imbibe and smoke in the most contented manner, his companion following so good an example. " Now, this is plummy," said Mick. " If I wasn't frightened that the— blues would bo round hero shortly — you know we saw the marks of their horses— I'd stop all night, even though they ain't only old women." "What's your new gamo, then?" asked his comrade. "The biggest yet," was the whispered reply; "and if we get through with it, why, we'll bo made men, and wo can go off to New Zealand and start afresh. That's the placo for my fancy. New South Wales is getting too hot to hold us, aB Gilbert, Hall, Gardiner and Morgan have found out. Ah ! I wish Morgnn was with me; he's the chap as doesn't care for slitting a wensen." " Frank Gardiner's far superior," replied his comrade; " he nover takes life, except in self-defence." " Oh, blow him," said Mick Bradly; "he doesn't belong to tho old school ; he'B not liko Mick Donahoo or them chaps. But look horo, my boy, we've got to movo on, and get to the cave, to make things Bnug. To- morrow, as you're the least known of the gang, you'll have to go to Sludgetown, and spend the night thero to hear what's in the wind. You know tho escort couldn't go lnut. in An fli nwinr to tho flood. Well, it'll have a double load this time, and we'll attack it on the Black Spur, where the trees 1 are as thick as hairs on a horse. There's a lot of troopers but we can pop thom off easily, when we've trapped the eoach by felling a tree across tho road.- But what you're wanted to do is to find out when tho coach starts. There's to be a big concert or play thero to-morrow night, Schraper's Operatic Troupe the (folks are called — I saw the bills on the road — ahd you'll hear all about it amongst tho diggers. That's the game, my boy. Ten thousand ounoes of gold, forty thousand pounds — that's thir teen thousand a piece, a nioo nest egg, isn't it, to begin life with." " But- at what cost. All will have to be killed." "The troopers only," Baid Mick. "But, there, my pipe's out; let's be off. The old women won't find much loft." Gathering their cloaks around them, tho two men, with a sigh at leaving the blazing fire, went out, and closed tho door. It was a terrible night ! the snow was falling in a white, feathery shower, and tho wind was hitingly cold. Not until their footsteps had died away, for some time, did the three wretched women dare to forco open the skillion door, and peep into the kitchen. " Not a hit loft !" cried Aunt Elsie, gazing at the depleted table. And she sunk into a chair, and lifted up her voice and wept. " What are we to do, mistress ?" asked Ailee, gazing helplessly at the wreck, and coughing through tho tobacco fumes which pervaded tho room. " Nothing," said Mrs. Sinclair, whoso face wore a startled, half- dazed expression. " What's the matter, dear woman ?" said Aileo. " You look as if you had seon a ghost." " I havo heard ono," said Mrs. Sinclair, mysteriously. " The Lord bo with us," cried Aileo ; " where!" "Never mind, never mind," said Mrs. Sinclair. " You had hotter make another pot of tea for poor Elsio; she's suffering greatly." "All the white bread and the butter's gone," groaned Elsie. " More than that has gone," said Mrs. Sinclair, solemnly. "A soul, an immortal soul, has gone." " God bo with us !" cried Ailee. " I eanna understand you, mistress. There's some thing wrong. The moment that the dawn breaks I'll gang to Bathurst and set tho polico on these men's tracks." " No, you will not," said- Mrs. Sinclair, firmly; "nor will you toll anyone they have been here." Ailee gazed at her mistress in surprise. What had come over her? Mrs. Sinclair vouchsafed no explanation. She sat before the fire, gazing into its glowing embers, with abstracted eyes, her face working with some terrible emotion. (To be continued.) 