C|c Jtokltsl, Silberiuatcr Icnir; OB, TWENTY-FIVE YEARS" OF . AUSTRALIAN LIFE. BY DONALD CAMERON Author of "Scrijwpo.lis" etc., cffc. ; Though shadows gather, sunshine fades, \- . And lite appears a vale of sorrow ; . Faint is the heart that Cod upbraids— The sun will shine again to-morrbw ! ' . . SCENE J. V /' : 7/ Percy, wandered .down the creek listlessly, revelling in the mystical poetry . and weirduess- of the landscape, and the romance of night scenery. One of his moments of inspiration had come upon him, and for tho time lie seemed httod above the common things of the world aud exalted into a region far beyond the routine of ordinary life. He walked with the mighty intellects of the past ; he invested the world with . feelings and ideas that belonged not to it, just as the beautiful moonlight created a; new panorama. Minds like Percy's have the peculiar power of transforming every thing, of giving a new and unreal life to the most trifling objects. They live in a delicious dream- sphere of their own embodiment. Alas! that it should fade away like the glow on the mountain, in the morning, when the inspiration fades, when the, dreamers begin to experience, what real life is. Percy belonged: to a class which may be said to never outlive youth, or, rather, they change so greatly that their peculiar modes of thought vanish when the brow begins to corrugate and the face becomes bearded. Those - of the cla.ss- who -carry their feelings with them mto mature life become poets. Yet ff is a question whether they are, possessed of such great depths of the true element of poesy as the bards whose inspiration ends with , their early man hood. The man who wreaks his thoughts upon expressions, and becomes known to the world as a.bard, is simply gifted with the power and the patience to put his thoughts upon paper; the unknown songsters think poetry, but do not write it. But they are those who "understand' and appreciate the poet, and interpret him to the grosser species of mankind. Percy sought the woodland, for the naked fields, over which /the moonlight threw an even effulgence, were not to his taste. Where the cultivated fields, ended, lower down the stream, a: deep forest rose on eaclx side of the stream, composed of the gnarled, fantastic, white gums and the dwarf, elf-like: she-oaks. But much as Percy loved that scenery, his great delight was the Oak Avenue, as it was called. Here the stream ran almost in a straight line, and oh each side grew a row of the swamp oak, a tall species of pine, the leaves of which sound in the breeze like the dvimr whisner. of a . siren. -jl ; - . ' aud to souls like Percy convey meanings that, few pens can transcribe. Listening to the wailing of the pines, Percy would beat ouce wafted into a visionary land; where all manner of shadowy . beings lived, where dull mortality was un known, and where was an eternal enchant ment. To sit there on a moonliight night, watching the shadows of the trees quivering in the stream, and listen- lug to the wail of the pines, while he wove many a fairy romance, "was Elysium to the warm young soul. Oh, that his dream should have so fearful an awaking. ' Seeking a spot which was 'shadowed; ky a tall oak, Percy, sat. on .the brink of : the streaiu and surrendered himself to a sweet reverie. He. pictured to ' himself the. great, city sojfar away, its I brilliant Eghts, splendid buildings, and varying concourse of human life, ; its great rewards for the sons of genius ! He saw khnself famous, worshipped, beloved, rich, happy; the world at -his -feet, the wishes of Lis heart realised, -his. parents happy in his success, liis- - " Dreaming, young man, dreaming !" said a deep voice, at Ms shoulder. Percy's visions Hveie at once shattered, qrncker than the Tbrittle ware in Alnas- char's basket. ' He turned and saw Mad Harry; standing' beside him. "'"What,' Fere,' ' "Harry ?" said t u' ' ! 7 " - Percy. ; " I "thought 'you had gone' away to. AxmidaM to'have la' good spree:"', j " Ha, 7 ha !" 7 said .'the strahge v man, aughing., unnaturally:; "tliat- is the mode by . Avhich I- obtain dreams now. Once they.came as .readily- as yours do at- present, but I : have, to- force them since manhood dawned upon me.- Ah ! Percy; Percy;1 how well I fathom' your thoughts; how easily !I can enter-into your aspira tions, for have I not passed through every phase of thought which is' being evolved in your breast. I pity you. Dream on, my boy, dream on ; the day jvill- come, as the old preacher said, when you will see no pleasure in these things, ydien, having had enough of dreams, you will -try to realise them, and find every-" thing lighter than vanity. Dust and ashes, dust and' ashes, bitter apples of jSodoni,' that appear outwardly fair to the sight, but -within are wormeaten. But it is the fate of youth to gather those apples on the shores of the Eternal' Sea, to treasure them, only to find their wortlilessness in the end ; to live to discover the whole a delusion, love a fleeting show, poetry an unsubstantial shadow, fame a mocking ghost, life an endless disappointment, the hereafter an unfathomable mystery— nothing, hothing left but the dull, flat plain of prosaic routine, the arid plain where pian has to labour, like a beast of burden, jfor the wherewithal to' keep' a diseased and miserable body together. Oh, it is laughable, laughable— ha, ha, ha !" I It was with delight, mingled with terror, that .Percy listened to this strange being.; delight, because .this was a genuine scene In a romance, something entirely out of (the ordinary groove; a new sensation; jterror, lest this madman might take some strange whim into1' his head, for iMad Harry had done many terrible and inexplicable things in his time, i . C( Listen, Percy, " said Mad Harry. " I have gone through all tMs ; there is not a sensation, not an. experience in the whole range of human life that I have not had.;, there is. not a height but I have 'climbed, .not a depth .butT have sounded, and I tell you- it is all hollow, hollow/hol low. The happy man is he -who vegetates, Hvho has no aspirations;" no wish beyond fhe day. You are not of that class ; you are like the bird that dashes its breast against the cage to obtain freedom, only ito be bewildered by the new world it .flies out upon, to be devoured by . the kites and . vultures in the impure air. ,Why should 1 1 not stop, this? What Iprevents me letting out your , soul into a world where disappointment, is said not to exist, for surely if there is a .heaven such as you should claim admis- ; sion, while; ' if you are allowed to live, hell, if there is a hell such as Aunt Elsie loves to paint, must bo your doom. (What prevents me ?" \- And, to , Percy's horror, the xnadinan 'flourished a huge knife in Ms face, tho ;moonbeams glinting . fearfully: upon the, jbright steel blade. This was carrying the sensation too far ; the romance of the i situation was carried into the region of tragedy. Yet so strangely was Percy constituted that . he felt a thrill of 'pleasure at- being at last ' the hero" of a :real PvniHng bVOnt y Ixxo lifo IaciaI O66ZL SO duU Mtherto. I Still, life is sweet eyen to the romantic, and Percy, grasped Harry's hand and tried to hold it. . " Surely you. would not -harm me, .Harry, " said he, in a tremulous voice ; " the little boy you always loved.- You .would 'not kill the son -of your - bene factor ?" "It is for . that reason I would kill you," said' Harryj 'withoiit"' the slightest change in Ms . voice. " It is because. I .love, you, because jl revere your father, ' .that . I would kill you, that you may never' .pass through bitter experiences, .las . I Ihave done. It is better." J . : ' .. I Percy thought it. was time now to call for help. He cast his eyes around Hope- lessly, and looked upon the loved' scene as if for the last time. It was. so hard to die in the sweetest time.76f71ife,/,to leave all- his noble sche.mes mnfulfiHed, , ito .depart from the bright and , glowing, (scene and take a leap into that TTnf athom- , lablev'Landr of wMch :his strange com- .panion had spoken. Besides, sostronghad been Aunt Elsie's influence that the poor 'boy had a great dread of deaith, / which1 |to his mind, through her teacMhgs,:was! but ,tbe passage to hell, where' 'the; torments were. unspeakable,; where the worm ceased not ; gnawing and. the. .fire; Iwas not quenched, for he had. never felt (himself to have 'been " born again, ' (without wMch, Aunt Elsie held, , it , was impossible for anyone to enter heaven. (Besides, according to that worthy female; he had condemned himself to the hottest of fires and' most evil smelling of brim stone, by reading books specially written by inspiration of the devil, and aspiring to write similar works , added, therefore, to the regret for , the loss of life,, was the terrible dread of what was to follow. So wonderfully strong are the first tea,ch- -ino-s of youth. The Maori, who has ! been converted to- Christianity, -and proved an exemplary member of the ; j church, turns to Ms Atua when in the pangs of dissolution ; as the atheist; who : | has mocked God when in full strength 'and health, calls appealingly upon His name when , the throes of death have come. ; Percy, however, perhaps unfortunately for himself, was -not so near death as lie thought. His beseeching cry foe help : seemCd to awake in Harry's mind tsome fleams of reason. He drew Ms -.knife' (hack, put it in Ms belt and released Percy 1 " No, no," said he, as if speaking to-' 'Mmself ; " the time, has not come. : Jf I 'relieved you of the burden, death would I soonbe my/own part, for the law would Inot understand my action. I cannot die. I have much to do .yet— I have to !bfincr to the grave in dishonour one. man ; 'I have to be avenged on the race of another — I thought I saw one of thorn j to-night. When my task is done I will lie down' and die without a murmur. .Good-night, Percy." And! he hurried away, and was lost in the shadows, just as Frank and Jimmy, with some others, ran up. ; "Believed of danger, Percy felt quite .exultant at being the hero of an adven ture so far beyond the slow course of his life heretofore. He almost felt a half regret that Harry had failed to kill him. What a sensation there would be ; his name would be in all the papers ; he would be the talk of the whole country ; all kinds of mysterious reasons would be given for the deed ; he might absolutely be put iuto a book by some more T7-; . fortunate- 1 and 1 longer-lived writer ; and " "\vhat bitter sorrow1 the family would feel ; even Aunt Elsie would shed tears, llow delightful all that would be— if he could have dispensed with the' act of dying.., ' v .... ... ' - . i As it was, - the occurrence created a great sensation. Jimmy, and .Frank wanted to start after Mad Harry at, once, and have Mm arrested, but .Percy -would not hear . of i it, and the . partyi - returned . home, discussing tho strange event in all its bearings. u un j Percy orept into his bedroom, whero the stranger was sleeping soundly; his journey having thoroughly wearied him, the moonlight" streaming, on his hand some face and classical bust1. . As Percy looked upon him, ,the clean cut. lips moved, muttering something unintelli gible, aud a strange, suiile passed over them. Percy at once began weaving a romance ;about this strange youth, and, occupied in this pleasant occupation, find thinking of. the great "party and dance" which was to be given at Silver- >vater Bend the next night, he fell asleep. i Scene YI. 1 The sun rose next. day. on Silverwater Bend to gild the calm, sylvan beauty, of the scene, ,and to call to:qmet and.health- ful labour the settlement. With -the dawn the shearers- had 1 arisen and -gone to the shed, which- soon resounded' with the busy clip, clip of their- shears, while smoke arose from their hut, from the fire over which the cook was malting their simple breakfast. Later 'on, the various station ; hands 'threw off drowsy sleep, find .while some let out the bleating sheep to.feed,, others, went off to fetch in the bullocks and horses to begin the labour of the day. The- tinkle of the bullock- bells was heard., in - the distance, the low-of cows waiting to be milked, the plaintive bleats of the sheep; -the carol ling of the matin-birds; filled -the air around the station, contriving to1 give to the- lovely scene the- charm of natural music," while the dew-drops and 'spider- webs glisten'ed in the sun like diamonds!; It is at such a time and. when witnessing Such a scene that the devout mind rises to the God that, created it, and, . while thanking, Him, feels what a happy-and a beautiful world is- tMs of ours! . ! - As a matter of course; the last place to show signs of activity was the: great' house, and those last on the scene, its occu pants, who, were the envy of all, while some of them in turn envied the people in the far-away city. Many a young shearer thought that if he were in Frank's or Percy's place all earthly happiness would be Ms, ignorant. that, so far as Percy- was concerned, he looked upon himself ; as the Most unhappy- of men. - . I But though the.-rest of the-, family were, not famed for early rising, Mr. Sinclair-was one of- the first out .of . bed. on the station. ;Like . all; old ; settlers . he was "ever up with the dawn,- : and /to tMs he' owed' his health and activity. 1 He was rivalled,1 however, by- Ailee, who had the fire lit before Her Master; came' 'out, and" had done so for the last twenty years. While Mr. Sinclair went down to tbp. nLoi..;.u. xoawju up reu-Lmtreu nridget, the Irish help, and Mike Finnigan, the " generally useless" man, and the one, unkempt pf hair , and draggle-tailed of garments, was soon cursing in good Irish at the. refractory cows in the .ruilking- yard, while the latter i was- choppmg wood, in a half-asleep state, swearing roundly at the " ondacent ould Scotch woman, who waked a man afore he'd gone to sleep; the divi! go wid her !" When the sun had drank up the dew and day had fully banished all the shadows pf night, - the family1 met at! breakfast. Mrs. Sinclair and-Percy were the last to get ,up as a'matter of course; , The good 'old lady dearly loved to ilie in bed; and! Percy was as -fond of the sheets as The - (was of romance and poetry. -He -would go to; any . lengths to enjoy that sweet, dfeamy hour of languor wMch follows the waking ih the morning. " Aunt Elsie had in vaM endeavoured to make MM an early riser. When a boy she had often 'pulied him out of bed at. .daylight in the, middle of winter, r and. laid Mm. on the floor, but the stubborn- little fellow | would -lie there, unrMndful of the spanks he received on an undefended and most sensitive part of his person, only turning1 ' over to escape them.; As for Aunt Elsie ' she was up generally1 with her brother; but did not come out of her room for sometime, asshe was occupied "for a' quarter of an hour, pr so in; reading her : Bible . and .praying for the wretched and, perishing world of sinners wMch existed around , her, the. only! saint in the district. ; Once she .used to have mormng prayers, but tho occupations . of some of the household and -the sleepmess of others left her so often" solus1 in the drawrng- 'roorn that she gave them up, comforting herself with what, would; be' the bitter consequences to' the culprits, if not in this world, hereafter. I The blacks . on ' the hillside were the latest risers of all ; they still 'slumbered, 'sleepiiig off the previous night's debauch. 'Jimmy ,>yas up witlx ,tlie,iuagpie,' and had ridden a buck-jumper before breakfast. ! . As Horace Leigh stood, in the . parterre, that morrnng and gazed upon the glori- ;ous prospect— the mists- gliding across the mountains and becommg fleecy (clouds in the deep blii'e sky; the;Bereiie home ; life beneath Ms eyes— he tho ught he had come into a new and a better world, that he had found an Arcadia. Here, thought he, in his momentary enthusiasm, I can live and die, far from .the storms and tumult of the evil world which I have left behind ! And yet how soon he would weary of tMs sweet still ness and gentle dreamland. - : ; A happy party gathered round the breakfast-table that morning. Frank, gay and jovial as ever; Flora— who had dressed herself very carefully — rosy and beautiful, her heart beating with new sensations as she gazed upon the hand some stranger ; Percy, forgetting poetry in the more substantial joys of the table ; Mr. and Mrs. Sinclair supremely happy in witnessmg the content of their unbroken family circle. Aunt Elsie alone was stiff and severe — albeit the the excellent porridge and griddled cakes Ailee had prepared somewhat mollified her acetic temperament. Good Ailee herself was enjoying breakfast in the kitchen with Bridget and Mike, the latter tacklmg steak and "praties," while Ailee took her porridge. Mike had chopped all the wood required and had become thoroughly awakened, while Bridget had managed to milk the cows, after being once or twice knocked over. She had, however, revenged her wrongs iy means of a two-year-old < sapling, which she kept at hand to reduce- the clelinquent bovines to obedience, and the sound of the " larrupping" had been heard pretty well over the homestead — for Bridget never spared her hand, j After breakfast everyone went their own way.. Aunt Elsie adjourned to the verandah to her kmttmg, Mr. SMclair and -Frank went to the . shearing shed and the. washpool respectively, and Percy, Horace and Flora mounted three splendid horses and rode into the bush to show Horace the country, being- phaperoned by Jimmy, who held out hopes of getting some bees' nests. The- exhilaration of the fun as they galloped ' pver the flower-covered plains, or m the deep forest, need not be described. They jwould return with a splendid appetite. As for Mrs. Sinclair and Ailee, graver ' , duties were in store for them. The great feast for that night's party and .dance was to be prepared, and the two , adjourned to the, kitchen, where they, alternately : worked and argued upon various dishes, now amicable; now quarrelling, but enjoying themselves to jthe full. I Here for a moment we pause. Some of our readers may be MclMed to ask when we are to develop our story — when incident, plot and adventure wfll begin. All in good time. It is well before' going jinto the great city, where trial and trouble await, to dally by the wayside and cull .the beautiful flowers; it is well, M ia tale, to prepare a good groundwork before introducing the tangled . , skein wMch leads to a tragic ending. ;Our work is intended as a picture of Australian life, and notlting that we have yet written but leads on to the stream of our story. We have nearly completed ithe prelude, and the curtain will soon rise upon the first act of the sad drama. The. party and dance at Silverwater Bend opened , the ball in two senses. (To he continued.) 