What is the object of tho present im migration. policy of New Zealand ? Sir Julius Vogel has had instructions to send from England to New Zea land, during the present year, 5000 immigrants— 1700 to Otngo, 1700 to Canterbury, 400 to Wellington, 400 to "Auckland, 400 to Hawko'a Bay and 100 each to Nelson, "Westland, Tara- naki and Marlborough. . Fot what object ? To make their fortunes in the ''Fair Land or Promise" of tlle guicld books? The anBwbi'.td this (jtaery is ' partly . answered, . in a .negative, manner, by an interesting disciissiba in the Xondon Weekly Eispaleh between Sir Julius Vogel aiid a. number of colonists, one of Whom writes from Melbourno j and partly by tho linancial . Statement of the 'I'roasurer, ' Mr. LAR- hach, which was presented tllo olhei day. . : There is d wonderful ubammity vifl; tlie opinions of .the -colonista regarding, emigration to New Zegjnd. Tlti Writer froAi Melbourne says large num bers of artisans are out of employ'uientj atid aire likely to remain- so " unlesf " tbdy work for half tlie waged they " can earn in tho old country." During a stay bf a few months at DunediU . lie . oould see'men forced to accept toduc- tionB in , their . wages till almb'st the physical minimum of remiihbi'ktion of -labor was reached, From receiving 25s. as a wood turner lie enme at . last to get i8s. a week, ami ad tliB cost of living was more than that ' lie was obliged to try his .liielc nt tonebreaking at a very poor price; H e has seen itieb, he writes, stnrt off with their aWng, : and, after walking a ilia; tanoe of 300 miles, return to the Sitae toWn not Jtaving Seen a ghost of- a chance of employment, thongh tliey Were able itnd willing to do any kind of work.' This letter drew forth an answer from v the Agent-General of tlie most unsatis factory character. In it he mhkes two important allegations, which will not bear the slightest examination. Fitdt,' that "No, Government would be stupid " or rash enough to spend public money " in bringiiig people to a country where " there was ho good prospoct for theril j" and, secondly, that tlib accounts he re ceives from New Zealand convince itirn that " the colony, in camparis&li; With ." other countries, is ih a high degree " exceptionally prosperous." Tlie letter. iiB ihight have been expected, drew forth a number bf replies from bld'cblohists at home, who combated chiefly the delu sion tliat New Zealand is the paradise of thd dons of toil, giving facts iihd ih- stancesof hardship and suffering, which'- prove, at least, the' evils arising from a wholesale system of State emigration, or misappropriation of the public funds, . for the twofold pui'pose of lowering wttges and playbg into the hands of capitalists. The lost copy of the file of the Weekly Dispatch to Iitihd boh- tuina three more replies, with an inti mation that they are merely selections from mauy -more such written in a similar strain, but no answer from the Agent-Geiiernl. So far these state ments prove that -' the" object of the immigration policy of New Zealand is not conceived iii the ihteredts of the emigrant. lit Whose interests is it then? Su Julius Vogel, like a special pleader, and as if half conscious that NdW Zea land is ah exception, says, " No Govern- " ment would be stupid or rnsh enough " to Bpend public monoy in bringing " people to a country where there was " ' " not a good prospect for them;" - We need not dispute tllo a&curdcy; of any such general proposition. What .we kre really concerned to know is, if tlie Government of NeW Zealand id guilty of is not guilty of suoll a pfaotice.' That is the real cjuestion. The answer - of the colonists is conclusive enohgli that there is hot a good prospect lot emigrants ; and this tlie Ageht. General denies in as general terms, aa lit states his main argument. Tlie ac counts he gets are to tlie effect that the colony is exceptionally prosperous. Bead this side by side with Mr; LaA- nach's financial statement, 'where the estimated revenue is put dowh at £3,699,026, and the expenditure a, £4,410, 238, leaving a. deficiency of £711,212. In other words; the colony appears to be going to the bad . nt the rate of £1926 a-day ! Yet this is the " exceptionally prSSper- "ous" account of the Agent-Ueneral. It must take a man of an exception- ally sanguine temperament to sea things as Sir Julius Vogel . does. Let us revert, however, to the main question. What is the object of this adding 5000. people a year to a popula tion suffering from the effects of a too keen competition for employment ? We may be sure it is not a case of stupidity, and hardly can it be tormed one of rashness. The truth is, the ob ject is neither more nor less than to' get v people to pay taxes. However poor a " » man is, howe.v'er badly he is paid, lie can't but do something towards raising revenue. With a debt of nearly fourteen millions, - and a further proposed addition to it oi four millions, making a Bum total of eighteen millions, and with only 350,000 inhabitants, it is no woud'er: that attempts are made to increase the popu lation by State-paid immigration. An indebtedness of £51 pet- head of the " whole. people is not likely to raise the credit of New Zealand in Lombard and Threadnoedle streets, and it is certain that the. speculators at the helm , of affairs at present know that when' they dan no longer borrow large sums to be spent advantageously to themselves in public works far beyond the - present re quirements of the colony, their game is at an- end. . With New Zealand it is not all gold that glitters, and things ate not what they are made to seem ' by Sir Julius Vogel. . TnE cable news from Europe, published yesterday, points plainly to the fact that - the total defeat of the Ottoman power is not far distant. At Plevna, it is true, Osman Pasha Btill holds out, but liiB ultimate surrender appears to be only a matter of time. In Armenia, however, a complete victory had fob lowed the Russian, arms. After a pro- tracted resistance, the fortress of Kara has been captured, and the immediate fall ot Erzeioum is expected. So thorough has been the defeat of Turkey that hints of a Russian army marching from lvurs to Constantinople have been thrown out. So certain is the Russian- press of Turkey's collapse that wliila hinting at proposals of peace it does not hesitate to already dictate some of "the terms upon Which a cessation of hostili ties may take place. Tlie surrender of half the Turkish fleet and a joint occupation by . Russia and Turkey of the Darda nelles, to the exclusion of all other powers, are looked upon as the sine qua non of a peace treaty, with perhaps tlie conquered territory in Armenia and the port of Batoum ceded to the Czar. It will no doubt be remembered that early in tlie campaign, when Russia thought she liad nothing to do but to cross the Balkans and march to Con stantinople, the Emperor Btated he would only hold the capital of the Turkish Empire until tho other nations of Europe determined the course to bo pursued with regard to tiie defeated power. England at that time plainly intimated that aha would hot suffer the Russians to take possession of Cofaatftiitihoplfi. Now, when there appears some probability of a Russian army beihg .able to occupy Staiiibotil, England again speaks her iiiind. Lord Derbt, on thb 29th of November, stated that there was no danger of British interests being assailed as long as the Suez Canal remained open and . Constantinople continued in the pos session of the Turks. If those utter ances mean, anything, they surely moan that the occupation of the Osmanlian ca pital by the victorious army of the Czar will not be permitted. No doubt the Christian provinces of Turkey will be.- coino Virtually independent, and Russia will be supported in her claims for Indemnification if confined within reasonable hounds, and if they do not disturb that balance of power of which the whole, of Europe is just now so jealous. With this Russia will have to be content, for .England seems to have 'determined that the standard of the Czar shall not be planted in tho city of the Sultan. The relations between Sorvia and Turkey have Assumed a critical position, for already a conflict has taken place between the " two powers. It now rcmaink to be seen what action Austria will tako, /or after the assurances she lias given of Soma's neutrality she can scarcely assume the position of an indifferent spectator. A Vagueness ' exists as re gards the locale at which the conflict between Servia and Turkey bas taken .place, and the former power may manage to avoid the intervention of Austro- ' Hungary by keeping her operations far from tjie. borders of that monarchy.' u Trance the situation of Marshal Macmahon is becoming daily more embarrassing. The Assembly have tnken steps to prevent the stoppage of public business, and have authorised im official inquiry into the improper nfeans of coercion alleged to have been sanctioned, by the Government during tlio last election: The Senate, too, nreassumiiig anattitudeof independence,, and by refusing nnother dissolution havo pretty plainly intimated that they have had enough of blind obedience to the President's autocratic commands, in tho Legislative Chamber a vote of want of confidence Iibs been carried against the new Conservative Ministry; nnd nlthoimh the President proclaims that he will bid defiance to that body, it is almost certain that he will seek other advisers whose policy will meet, with, support in that quarter. To 'act otherwise would mean an attempt to overthrow the present constitution, and the Marshal knows full well that Europe in general, and Germany in particular, are not just now prepared to sanction in. France any other than a Republican form of government. It seems much more easy to abolish tolls than to suggest a les3 objectionable method of raising revenue to keep the \- nrnin roads in repair, and tlie Govern ment has' virtually admitted the diffi culties surrounding tlie -question by bringing in a bill extending the period during which tolls may be legally col lected to the end of next year. But it is proposed to sweep away a large number of toll-bars at once, and the opposition to the Ministerial measure is likely to arise, not from any -objection to the principles of the bill, but from the desire of the representatives of certain districts to have those localities kept out of the schedule. The Govern ment proposes to abolish nil the turn pikes in the neighborhood of Melbourne with the exception of that upon the Sydney-road, - . where there is a large traffic m wood, bricks nnd Milestone lor building, street-forming and other purposes, which does not benefit the municipality through which it passes, which would, if the toll were abolished, have to keep the road in re pair. An equally strong case might be made in favor of the turnpike between Melbourne; and Snndridge. Tho toll brings in at,the present time an income of £4200,. all of which is expended in keeping the thoroughfare in repair, in consequence of the heavy traffic in mer chandise between the Town Pier at Saiidridge and the stores in Melbourne. If tlie toll were abolished more than £12000 per ' annum would have to be contributed from the funds of Emerald- hill, a district which derives little or no advantage from the constant stream of waggons which .passes through its ter ritory. But with, .this exception the Government -scheme of exemptions ap pears to have been carefully framed. Air. Fitzgibbon has attempted to make a case in favor of retaining the St. Kilda-voad turnpike, and has published figures to show that during the past fourteen years tho Corporation has derived £3S, 854 from that source of revenue, nnd has expended .£39,821. But the account has been unduly bur dened by a number of items , which do not form a legitimate charge. Under any circumstances it is . discreditable that a city of the size aud importance of Melbourne should - seek to derive reve- mue froni such a relic of barbarism as tolls.' -They have been abolished in the neighborhood of every great city in the mother country, and their retention liere is a reproach upon our civilisation. If the corporation be poor, let'it reduce its expenditure, and cut down the host of over-paid officials whom it seems to keep l'or no other purpose than to brow beat and insult the persons with whom they are brought into contact. If tolls are to be rotained it .should only be in poor and remote localities, or in dis tricts like Emerald-liill, where the traffic does not ; legitimately spring from the district, through which it passes. . 