MISSIONARY WORK. THE Met bo di at church ia the village is doing now. as it waa al woy s done, a good end noble ! work for Christianity and tho cause of public morale ; but it has not escaped the tríala which are permitted comet im OB to afflict the Church militant. Years ego, when tbe congregation waa fi rot organised, it erected a email but very pretty frame meeting-house. In tho course of time tbe people became dieBatitfied with the location of the bouse of worship j and as they had a good offer for tho Bite, they eold it and bought ti better one tn another quarter. Then they put rollers under the building, and BO soon as it was off tl ie ground tbe purchaser of tho lot began lo build a dwelling-bouse on the j site. It was Blow work pushing the church along the street, and before tbey bad got far somebody discovered that the title of the new Bite was not good, and BO the bargain was an- nulled. The next day the brethren went plung- | ing around town trying to buy another site, but , nobody bad one to sell ; and on the following morning the supervisors got an order from the court requiring that meeting-bouée to bo re* j mored from the public street within twenty [ four hour?. ¡ j The brethren vero nearly wild about it, and ? they begged old Brindley to let them run tho j concern in on his vacant lot temporarily until j they could look around. But Brindley belonged to another denomination, and he said ho fe t ( it would be wrong for him to do anything to help a church thatbelieved false doctrino?. Then they ran the mppting-hnuee out on tho turnpike i beyond tho town whereupon the turnpike ! company notiGed them that itt« «barges would be j eight dollars u day for toll. So they hauled it , back again ; and while going donn t ie hill it broke loose, plunged through thc fence of Dr, I M ai kc j'a garden »nd brought upon top of his usparnguB-bed. He is an E jiucopalian, and ho sued tbe meeting fnr damages ; and the P1 ir* ri ff Uvied upon the meeting-bouse. She brethren paid the bill and dragged the building out again. They wanlcd to put it in the court-house yard, but Judge Twiddler, «ho is a Presbyterian, said that after examining tho statutes carefully he could find no law allowing a Mel h odis t meeting-hou'c to be located in that place. In despair, thc brethren ran (he building down I to the river-shore and fiiti'd it on a hugo raft of logs, concluding to tia it to the wharf until j they could bur a lo'. But ns the owner of the I whurf handed them on the third day of tho bill I of twenty-fire dollars for wharfage, they took I the building out mid anchored it in (he stream, i That night a tag hoot, coming vp the liver in i dark, run halfway through thc Sunday-school ; room, and a Dutch brig, coming into concludion 1 with it, was drawn out with the pulpit and ¡ three of the front pews dung'ing from the bow- 1 sprit. The owner of both vessels sued for < da nt tige-, and the United States authorities talked of confiscating thc meething-house as an obstruction to navigation. But a few days afterward the ice-gorge sent a fliod down the river and broke the building loose from tis anchor. It was subsequently washed ashore on Keyser's farm ; and he eu id he wes nilling to let it stay there at four dollars a day rent until he wee reidy to plough for corn. At the cost of removing it would hove great, the truBtecB ultimately sold it to Kejeer for a barn, and then, securing a good lot, they built a handsome edifice of atone. On the first Sunday that the congregation worshiped in the now church Hr. Pott s attended: and in accord) nee with hie custom, he placed hts Bilk high hat just outside of tho pew in the eis'c. In a few moments Mrs. Jones entered, and aa she proceeded up the aisle her abounding skirts caught Mr. Potts' hat and rolled it nearly to the pulpit. Mr. Potts pursued his bat with feelings of indignation ; and when M s. Jones took her seat, bu walked back, brushing the hat with his sleeve, A few moment« later Mrs. Hopkins came into church ; andas Mr. Potts had again placed hit hat in the aisle, Mrs. Hopkins' »kirts struck it and swept it olong about twenty feet, «nd left it lying on the carpet in a demoralised condition. Mr. Potts was singing s hymn at the time, and he didn't miss it. But a moment later, when he looked over the end of the pew to fee if it was safe, be wa« furious to perceive that it was gone. He skirmished np (he aisle after it again, red in tbe face, and uttering sentences which were very much out of place in the sanctuary. However, he put the bat down again and determined to keen his eye on it, but just as he turned bia head away for a moment Mrs. Smileys came in, end Pott« looked around only in time to watch the hat being gathered in under Mrs. Smiley's skirts and carried away by them. He started in pursuit, and just as be did so the hat must have rolled against Mrs. Smiley's anklep, for she gave a jump and screamed right out in church. When ber husband asked ber what was the matter, she said there mutt be a dog; under her dress, and she gave her skirts a twist. Out rolled Mr. Pott«' hat, and Mr. Smiley, being very near sighted, thought it was a dog, and immediately kicked it so savagely that it flew up into the gallery and lodged on top of tba orgaD. Mr. Potts, perfectly frantic with rage, forgot where be was; and holding bis clinched first under Smiley's nose, he shrieked, "Ihalf a mind to brain you, you scoundrel !" Then be Sung down his hymn-book and rushed from the church. He went home bareheaded, and the sexton brought bis humiliating bat sround after dinner. After tbat Mr. Potts expressed a purpose to go habitually to a Quaker meeting, where he could ssy bis prayers with bia bat on bis head, and where the skirts of female worshippers are smaller. Upon a subsequent occasion Mrs. Whistler had eren a greater occasion for diteatisfaction with tbs sanctuary. The facts in Mrs. Whistler's case were these : Mrs. Whistler bas singular abundance of mind, and on the last Sunday she attended church Dr. Dox began to read from the Scriptures the account of the Deluge. Mrs. Whistler wai deeply attentive ; and when the doctor came to .be story of bow it rained far eo many days and nights, the waa eo much absorbed in the narra- tive and so strongly impressed with it that eba involuntarily put up her umbrella and bold it over her head aa she eat in the pew. It appears that M rt. Moody, who «itt tn th 9 neit paw io front, frequently brings ber Hp-dog to church with ber; and when Mn. Whittler raised her umbrella suddenly, the action affected the sensibilities of Mrs. Moody's dog in snob a manner that he began to bark furiously. Of course the sexton came in for the purpose removing the animal, but it dodged into a vacant petr upon the other side of the aisle and defied bim, barking vociferously «li the time. Then the sexton became «arm and indignent, and he flung a cane at the dog, whereupon the dog flew out and bit bis leg. The excitement in tbe church by this time, of coarse, was simply dreadful. Not only was the story of the Deluge interrupted, but the unre I generate Sunday- school scholars in the gallery actually hissed the dog et the sexton, and see ned ' to er<j?y (he con'est exceedingly. Then Elder McGinn came after the dog with his cane, asd ea he pursued the animal it dashed toward the pulpit and ran up the steps in such a fierce manner th*t tbe doctor quickly mounted a chair and remarked, wits anger flashing through bia spectacles, that if this disgraceful scene did not soon come to an end he should dismiss the congregation. Then the elder crept softly up the Btairp, and after a short struggle he succeeded in grasping the dog by one of its hind legi. Then be walked down the aisle with it, the dog meantime yelling with supernatural energy and the Sunday-school boys making facetious remark'. Mrs. Whistler turned around, with other members of the congregation, to watch the re- treating elder, and as she did so she permitted her unconscious umbrella to drop so that thc end of one of the ribs caught in Mrs. Moo dy*« bonnet. A moment later, when she was straightening up the umbrella, the bonnet was wrenched off, and hung dangling from the umbrella. M rp. Moody bad become exceedingly warm, at any rate, over the onslaught made upen her dog, but when Mrs. Wbistler removed her bonnet, she fairly hoi ed over ; and turning around, while with rage, she screamed, l( What'd you grab that bonnet for, you wretch! Haven't you made enough fuss in this church to-day, skeering a poor innocent dog, without snatching off such bonnets as the like of you can't afford to wear, no matter bow mean you live at borne, you red-headed lunatic, you 1 You let my bonnet alone, or I'll hit you with this parasol, if it is in meeting, now mind me!" Then M rp. Whistler, for the first time, seemed toreaHfiethatherumbrella made her conspicuous; BO Bbc furled it and concluded to escape fr-»rn an embarra sing position by going home. Ai she Btepped into tho aisle her enemy gave her a parting salute : "Sneaking off before the collection, too! i You'd better spend less for breastpins and give ! more to the poor heathen if you don't want to j ketch it hereafter !" Then she beean to fan herself fu rion-lr, Bnd J as Mrs. Whistler emerged from tho front door ; and things became calmer the doctor resumed j the story of tho Flood. But Mrs. Whistler has given up her pew and gone over to the Prosby ! terians, and there arerumoursthat Mrs. Moody its going to s cede also because 1'] der McG un insists that she shall lei ve her dop at h om P. The I oreas and missionary societies of the church are par tiru ïarly active, but they were j somewhat discouraged a y*°ar or two azo by j . certain unforeseen occurrence?. The ladies of the Dorcas Society made up a large quantity of . shirt«, tTO'iser« «nd frocks, oud boxed them up j and sent them to a missionary station on the west oast of Africa. A man named Lidley went ' out with tho boxes aud stayed in Africa for j : several months. When he returned, the | I Dorcas Society, of course, was anxious to hear how ita donation was received, and Ridley ono : evening met the members and told them about i in a little »perch. Ho suiJ, '* Wei1, you know, wc got the clothes out there nil naht, and alter a while wo distributed ? them arnot g «orne of the natives in tho neigh ? bout-hood. We thought m-ty be it would attract \ . them to the miwon, but it didn't; and after , come time hid clipped and not a native came ,' to church Hjfb the clothe« on, I went out on an . exploring eipcdilion to find ouï about i*. It j seems that ou the fi ret day after the goods were I distributed one of the chiefs attempted to dress ' himself in a shirt. He didn't exactly under Í stand it, und he pushed Iii* legs through Hie arms and gathered the tail up around his waist. Oe ^couldn't make it stay up, however, and they say hu went around inquiring in his nat vo tongue »hut kind of an idiot it wes thu! con- structed a garment that wouldn't hang on, end BWffuritig some of the most awful heathen oaths. At lust he let it drag, and that, night ho got his legs tangled in it somehow and fell over a precipice und was killed. " Another chief who got ono on properly went paddling around in the dark, and the people, imagining that he was a ghost, sacrificed four babies to keep off the evil Bpi at. " And then, you know, those trousers you sent out ? Well, they fitted one pair on en i ¡aol, end then they stuffed m Oft of thc rest with le.ives and set them up as kind of new-fangled idols and began to worship them. They say that tho services were very impressive. Some of the women split a few pai-s in half, and after sewing up the legs used them to carry yams in ; and I saw one thiel with a corduroy leg on his head as a kind of helmet. " I think, though, the socks were most popular. AU the fighting-men went for them the first thing. They filled them with sand and used them as boomerangs and war-club.*, I leurned that they were so much pleased with the efficiency of those SOCVB tl)ut they mude a raid on a neighbouring tribe on purpose to try them ; end they say they knocked about eighty women and children on thc h «ad before they came home. They asked me if I wouldn't speak to you and get you to send out a few barrels more, and to make them a little stronger, so's they'd lett longer ; and I said I would, "This society's doing a power of good to those heathen , and I've no doubt if you keep right along with the work you will inaugúrete a general war all over the continent of Africa and give everybody an idol of his own. All tlipy want is enough socks and trousers. I'll take them when I go out again." Then the DorcaB passed a resolution declaring that it would, perhaps, be better to be to let the heathen go naked and give the clothes to the poor at home. Maybe that is the belter way. Max Adeler. 