In consequence of a. pressuie of advei tisements at a late horn we aie compelled to hold over leading and othei mattei Mr Macalister has started with 180 head of cattle for the .Melbourne market of the 11th April, -and about 120 head more ill small lots are also on the road for the satne market - The apphcations to be heard at the Local Land Boaid to sit at Sale on Tuesday, the 10th, will he found in oui fouith -page Dr Macartney arrived tit 1 Rosedale on Saturday, ..and to our surprise, instead of carrying ,out-his \proniise:'by coif ranting. Mi Smyth, he went to Tarraville to meet Sir Mason How is this thus ? MrfclkSmythwlll address the ejectors at the schoolhouse, Glenmaggie, otenext Saturday evening The cricket "match for the challenge cup at Bairnsdale, on Saturday, between Sale und Bairnsdale resulted in a victory for the latter club by ten wickets To; give.; those distance-amo; jun , timer have pianos on view fit ill the principal towns m the district —[Advt ] •The plant for the now paper at 13iiini9- dale has arrived at the Latrobe wharf, so we suppose it mil be " irar to ihe knife " in the Liverpool of Gippsiland ere long The Clerk ofiPetty|Sessions wjlliattend -at.Stratford : from.-lO a..m. till noon, and: at Maffra form 1 till 3 o'clock to morrow The coach will leave the Club Hotel, Sale, on Friday," taking passengers to Port Albert for the Murray:steamer,: which will leave ' this week on Friday •afternoon We have been - requested, to estate that the chromo-hthOgraphs for the'Art Union subscribers, an: Sale have arrived, at .Mr Carroll's for deh\ ery Mr Smyth, returned-from • Walhalla on Saturday,- and. addressed a large 1 meeting at Toongabbie the same evening. : At both places lie met with a hearty, reception, and committees were formed to secure his return. We hear from Bairnsdale and Coongulmerang that-Sir iCharles'G.- aDuffy and Mr 3? L Smyth will poll the bulk of the votes We hear that water is T ery scarce at Walha'.'.a, and, although the two Companies are still working, unless more ram falls 'soon they will have to stop .crushing. The tailmgs are accumulating to a most - inconvenient degiee A good fiood is mncli wanted-to cleanse the creek..— Many ot 'our -readers vnll -ibe 'glad to.- learn that another--concert .-.is . on the • -Theentertanunent on. this: occasion will be m,iaid:of the Church; of : -England: Sunday schooL.iand ^as this jsi- a laudable object,: combined with the fact that an enjoyable evening is sure to be spent, all the principal singersui-the district having, kindly consented to give their, services, : •we 'anticipate- - a. highly satisfactory re-, ~ suit : The Rev MrWiliiains preached lo the • children on Sunday morning, and m the - evening ihe church was crowded to hear : his farewell sermon The test was taken II Corinthians, 13th chapter and 14thverse —" The grace of the 3jord Jesus Christ, and the lore of God, and the oommwoion of the Holy Ghost be with ? you all, amen iWe -received a tel egram on -Satu rday-to the effect tliat Parliament wiH 'be - prorogued to the 25th April Sir James M'CuIloch will addiess the electors on the The day -of nomination: will- be the' 5th of May, polling day on the llih, return of writs oil the 15th, and Parliament called together on the 29th By the Chmtts it appears,: :that-the House is pro-. rogued to Thursday the 26th April., " At the Sale Police Court on Thursday , in the : case of-Waldron v tSwmdley,. for< £17s 6d for wages, an order was made for the amount; with 2s 6d -costs. On Saturday a.woman named Jane Heads was sent to.gaol-for two days, for having been drunk and disorderly.- Tie mayor presided.. ^Yesterday, before the same-magistrate, a yojnig man, Patrick Kelly, a- stranger, was cautioned and discharged for a similar offence The new steamer now being built for the Gippsland 'Steam Navigation • Com-; pany is to be called the Rosedale. She is some 250 tons burthen, disconnecting twin screw, she is nearly as large as the Murray, but has more passenger accommodation, can carry a large cargo on foni feet of water and draws five feot when fully loaded She will come out from England under sail, and will leave about 1st May. Thfe RoBedale -is intended to take the place of the Avon. AcorrespondentatiBrjagolong informs us that the hoppickmg in thai locality has been brought to a successful-termination, th'egrowers j being i aatisfied-.!withitheyie!d; ; and most of the hops beihg sold m thedistrict at remunerative prices ' The' 1 cricket match between Messrs Landy and Blundy'-g men terminated m favour of the latter'* team by six inns and eight wickets Messrs Laudy and Blnndy cele" hrated r theclose"ofthls:season"byiiiv,itiitg their friendslandumployees to a "ball and supper, which pas ecloff most pleasantly, aboutlfeGipersons^being^preseiit^ On Thursday ^afternoon vnumber of. gentlemen assembled at the Club Hotel for the purpose <3f4ey?smg>theanosj;"suit able manner in 'which. residents, of of "this district could express theuvxespect frirM-essrs MillaTand JavneSj-thexjontfac tors of the third 'section-of the railway, and-rrn Tecoj^mtion •• of- the uniform courteay with which the residents-^iave been treateiby them*- Mr J J English oeeu pied^the .:.chairj,.^^d^mi::iexplaining:.:-the object of the meeting,'enlarged on thecourteous conduct of Messrs Millar and JameB, and the kmd manner in. whirh; they hacl placed trams at the disposal not only of individuals hut of public bodies ; After some conversation it "was,decided that Messrs Millar and James should be invited to a public jbauquet, -and Mesars Cnningh'ame English, "Tapping, Bjattj Campbell, 3 Law and Sweeney wire ap -poihtedia committee tb rmake Ihe uece Sary arrangements • JAonDhon Sirs al o carried instructing the .,.comtaittee i;o.for- Ward'complimentary tickets to s-it!ie.v.three candidates canvassing the "distr ct, -the rs connfected with the line, apd o 2foonan Bros, the contractors of the middle section „ ^ ~ licenses under^ec 19 of the Land Act for ihe following persons are-at^he lib treasury Sale —D Sullivan Glen mojjimm: m Twill, Wound, llah, F Johnson, 3, y ITang^ " Durnett, .and jJ D ® rater iSoleyjEl^iii?, The mayor desires to acknowledge the receipt -of 10s from Mrs Bijant, and-6s feora Mrs Thomas in aid of Mrs Gardner. We are desired "to point out that, under the pecului circumstances in which she is placed, Mrs-"Gardner has been- unable Itfproeiue a largo stock of goods, and if the': charitably inclined would but contubute towards helping her,,she would he-enabled , to purchase A sufficient stock to »cirry on) a business which promises to be the means; of hei piocuring a sufficient income The mayoi .has kindly consented to receiveddonations for that purpose, "and trusts'' that this appeal will not bi. in vain On Sunday morning theRsdnan Catholic s H3hurch, Sale,;was' icrowdedito oexpess, on., the occasion of Mr J B West taking part. in the musical portion of the semce Thai gentleman, v ho possesses a tenor voice - of-.gteat "sweetness and power^isang. the solo?'Cugus Animumi" from.Rossini 7 ®; Stabat.-Mateiy and ".surprised 'those who', had not heard him before. The choir was strengthened , ! iby .sefoeralflgentleinen ifrom-j other chous in Sale,, and the different selections, including "Agnus Dei" and the i'-Glona;" *vere rendered in capital e Miss O'Farrell piesidedat the har-i momum It is a pity tlut there is no better accommodation for the choir, but doubtless when the congregation erect a niore cominodKms chapel the necessary pro-' yision will be made to ensure the leally ^ood music connected with their service being heard to the best advantage A serious accident happened to one of Cobb and Co 3 s coaches between Albory and Young _ It would a. paai that the horses shied at a flock of siieep, thereby'-, upsetting the coach The driver and- several. paasangers ' ; recei5'(3d--severeinj»i-' ; ries Amongst the .passengers was the third daughter of Mi Wilson, ofHeyfield,? late ol Bmgolong This young lady had one of her legs broken, and was insensible for ten days, but hopes are entertained of her recovery Yesterday the Sunday school children-, of St Pauls, Sale, met m the chinch,': vrhen a short sei vice was held by the Rev Canon Watson They weie then conveyed in -buggies- /and .&.?eoaches-. .supplied..by, members of the congregation to the Glebe, where they.were joined by the scholars from Stratford and Maffra. The attendance was numerous, over 400. children being present, and under the superintendence, of • the teachers and other .. friends t they enjoyed : themselves® with eyery sort of games till the 'efemng-, when they were conveyed home. A sub- : stantialluncheou and .a-tea were ,provided on -the.-:,ground, -and. -were; done ample; justice to, and all ..were delighted with their day's outing.. - '••- - . . : -: .? We have leceued fiom the Surveyor- General's office a copy «f the latest published map of Victoria. It is a most extensive work; defining the -boundaries of the; colonies, the telegraph and railwaylines-of .Victoria.- fhe mam road system Of the colony,.the boondaries of the counties, &c.;, -: The chief -, semce anticipated to vbe rendered'byr this map -will beats usefulness m weighing the merits of schemes for ldilway extension m the direction of through communication between the Capitals of Victoria. New South Wales, and South Australia Accouuts ;are.lying, at the. xeceist- and, pay office. Sale, for EngliBh, Peck and Do:/ J Johnstone, A H B Kelly, L IS ib.it, (2) Wakchng and Co,, (2)T. Bloie, T* Dome," A.' L. Lewis, W. Moore, U Luke, (2) C A Saint, J Munro, M • Hurley, J B Kelly, R Packet, E: Bethel-, J, Rice, Avon. Shire Council,- P. Lewin aud: -Maffra Shire.Council:. and a"' Crown grantffor. Jonathan Bassett.. : A Crown -grant -for John Campbell, and licenses for Richard Little, Thomas Couey, Andrew Douglas, Stratford On as Lee, D Sullii m, Maffra , G Stockdale -Wa de-lock , M Richardson, Glenaladale , C Lawler, Sale , R Walleij Hindoo, and G M'Laren, Holey Plain j,re a* the sub treasury, Sale The following is a list of unpaid ac ' counts at .Rosedale. 1 .sub-treasury-:—IT- ; Bow, (3) J A Callaghan, T Davis, G Gow,,{4) W.: Greenaway, W. J. Hunter. A M Hixell, J R Home, R King G . Maxheld, R Mackay, (6) W Mdton, (2) R M'Cracken, (3) P. M'Gratli S New man, C Phillips, (3) J Slatei, (3) A Tyeis (2) 