The Railway Bill passed its second reading on Tuesday, and was committed pro forma , on the understanding, however, that mem bers did not pledge themselves to the Minis terial details of the bill. Beyond this, our readers will be pleased to observe that the proposal to take evidence as to the merits of the disputed lines has been adopted. The testimony oi me uuvernuieui/ eugiueers wtta taken on Wednesday night with teference to the Oakleigh line, and a similar course will be taken to obtain information respecting the Goulburn Valley and 8t Arnaud lines. It is probable that the St Arnaud line will be considered on- Tuesday next, when it is expected that, iu addition to the officers of tbe department, residents on both of the competiug routes will be examined. The delegates who went to Melbourne on behalf of the Avoca proposition complain that the special report of the Dunolly and Avoca routes which appeared in tbe Argus of Monday has had a very damaging effect on the claims of this district, through the one sided and in inaccurate manner in which the inspection and report have been, and they have therefore addressed a letter to the editor of the paper named, pointing out that the reporter made the same mistake as Mr Longtnore did, having travelled the aban doned route, the old survey made some years ago, and which is not now under consi deration, and they naturally object to the faults of this line being placed against the shorter, more populous, and better route now advocated. The Avoca delegates appeal to the Argus' sense of justice to send a re porter to inspect the actual line proposed, so that the real merits of the local claim may be fairly judged. It is certain that t e Avoca Valley line can lose nothiug by this or any other impartial inspection, indeed its supporters have from the first couvted in quiry into their claims, and, as the Argus can have no other, object but the welfare of the country in view in making its report, the residents of this district will no doubt feel pleased if the request of the delegates should be complied with. One of the other influential Melbourne papers, the Daily Telegraphy has already , done us the . favor of making a special report on the subject, and we are sure that the impartial testimony therein contained as to the superior merits i of the Avoca line would be fully confirmed upon inspection. At any rate, until the Argus has reported on the actual proposed line, its statements of Monda' last should not be taken to have any weight, fov the reason that they have been made in refer ence to a line of which the demerits have al ready been admitted in this district, iand which has therefore heen-: withdrawn from competi tion. It will be seeu by the report of the Up per .House sittings that lion, members are proceeding carefully with the consideration of the various lines, that they claim to have undertaken 'their duties without one particle of party spirit, and on each proposition they fully intend to do the best ther can for the districts to be served and for the country generally. As far as the Avoca line is con cerned we eau neither ask nor expect more than this, and while the deliberations are thus conducted the residents of this district have the best hope of success. We are enabled to announce that the special im porter of the Argus arrived by the mid-day train, and has started to inspect the pro posed Avoca "direct" line. The practice of allowing loose horses and cattle to stray into the township had a disastrous resul' yesterday morning. A horse which had bren allowed to wander uncontrolled en'ered the back yard of Mr Snell, storekeeper, where his children were at play. Mr Snell's youngest son, a boy of six years old, went to drive i' out, when the animal kicked out with it 8 hind - leg?, striking the child behind the ear, inflicting a severe wound and nearly taking the ear iff. The child has sipce been .under medical trea'ment, and last night it was considered doubtful whether be would recover. Sometime ago two little girls were hurt under very similar circumstances, arid it is therefore high time that steps should he taken to keep stray horses and cattle out of the township. Very welcome rains, although small in quantity fell during Wednesday and Thursday nights. A few more showers . of the same or a heavier character would be regarded as a blessing. There is nothing-important to report from the Lamplough lead, the inflow of water having brought the operations almost to a standstill, Boyd and party have sent to Ballarat for an engine for pump ing purposes, and we hear that Larrisy biu! Co. intend enlarging their party. At the Glenmona reef Ewins and Co. are still diiving for s one with a prosptct ol shortly teaching it. The' polling lor 'the- G'ppslsnd election takes place to day. The Wheeler Comedy Troupe and Fritz Ren- hard, lately arrived by the Whampoa, announce that they will perform at the Victoria Theatre on Monday and Tuesday evenings next. In the short tour which the company have already fnade they have been unusually well received, both the metropolitan and country pressagreeingthat it is one of the best variety troupes ever seen in the colonies. The artists are four in number, Mr Fritz Renhard, who is stated to have wonderful powers as a facial delineat or, ventriloquist, etc; Miss Elsie De Courcy, vocalist and acrtess ; Mr Frank Wheeler, jGerman and negro comedian and Mr' Ben" Wheeler, ijtf-£ personal or 'of Irish charact er. - The., admission prices are low, 2s and Is, and with'the high -repu tation which the company possess, they should .have a full house. ' "" ' '' We hear that the Rev. J. Norton, who is about ,to leave Avoca,. will preach his farewell sermon in :St John's Church on Sunday evening. \- Another case of burning occurred at Elmore - on Tuesday, by which a fine little boy named Cleaver was so severely injured that his death took place in a few hours. It appears that he went into the bush a short distance from his parents' residence, and in a very few minutes . returned fearfully burned, with every part of his clothing consumed. Mr Lyell made a telling point on 'Tuesday night, when speaking on the budget, by showing that the proposal of ths Government to get £50,000 a year from a stock tax would almost certainly result in a loss on our railway traffic in the carriage of sheep alone of £32,000 a' year. To get £50,000, we give up £32,000, but as this loss of railway income means that only 500,000 sheep will come from New South WaleB, instead of one million, as at present, it follows that only half the sheep tax expected will be, received. Instead of £30,000, only £15,000 will be paid under that impost, our railway returns will be seriously affected, the price of mutton will be enhanced, and. the net benefit to the revenue will be reduced to a nominal sum. News by the Ly-ee moon, from Samoa to the 13th instant, states that on the 12th there was a fight between the native parties contending for the supremacy, ending in the defeat of the Melicota party. They were surrounded in the forts near Apia, and, whilst negotiations were pending, 30 or 40 were killed. The remainder laid down their arms next day and surrendered. A number of the chiefs of the defeated party fled to the British consul, who received them as refugees, but they were given up for trial on a guarantee that their lives would be spared. It is stated that most of the foreign residents are in favor of annexation to Great Britain. A telegram from Rutherglen, dated Tuesday, gives an account of an awful accident which hap pened there on that day. Mr William Thorne, manager of the Bank of Victoria, Rutherglen, was being drawn up a shaft on the Pipeclay reef, and when within a few feet of the surface, he let go his hold of the rope and fell to the bottom, a distance of 80 feet. He was killed on the spot. The JBallarat Star says We are informed that on Tuesday sixteen snakes, varying from three to four feet in length, were killed on the farm of Messrs Charles Brothers, Windermere. Nine of the reptiles were captured under one log, and the o'hers picked up here and there promiscuously. As our information is most reliable, coming as it does from one of the Messrs Charles, we can only recom mend the owners, and every one else who travels over tbe farm, to invariably go armed with a stick and a strong bottle of ammonia. The receipts on the Victorian railways for the week ended 16th August were £19.171, as against £16,906 9s lid for the corresponding week in last y«ar. Of the new plan of lighting railway trains, the Argus remarks that " with the introduction of gas a large number of the attendants can be dispensed with, as the lights will be fixed, and the breakages will also be reduced »o a minimum." We ( Maryborough Staudard) gave an account the other day of the vagaries of a ghost near the railway station. It is now rumoured that there is a haunted house near Maryborough, and unearthly noises have also been heard issuing from it. Young Maryborough carefully eschews that side of the road after dark. Joseph Harbutt, a carpenter, found in a dying state in the bush, about twelve miles from Hor sham, on Sunday, died immediately afterwards from exhaustion and cold after heavy drinking. The police superannuation fund, which is made up from the interest accruing from a sum of money set apart for the purpose, from a percentage reduc tion from the pay of the police, and from an annual vote of £2,000 from the consolidated revenue, has become inadequate (says the Age) to meeet all the demands made upon it, and a further sura will have to be paid out of the consolidated revenue to meet the deficiency. The Government have a scheme under their consideration by which this fund will be made up by a regular deduction from the pay of the police. The same principle will underlie the superannuation fund that will be created under the Civil Service Act Amendment Bill, a measure the Government hope to introduce and carry in the early part of next session. The Rev Charles Clark may be expected in Victoria again in a few months. He is to arive in Auckland by the next Californian mail, and after a lecturing tour will return to this colony. "The duty on cornsacks proposed by "the Trea surer will amount," said Mr Service on Wednesday, "to a tax of 4d an acre on all the grain-growing land of the colony." The statement was received by the majority with astonishment, but without con tradiction. When, however, the hon. member went on to say that the proposed duty on gunnybags would amount to a tax of 2s. an acre on all the potato-land of the colony, that in some districts it would rise to as much as 4s. an acre, Mr Munro, in despair for an answer, exclaimed " The con sumers will pay it !" What will the Protection League say to such an admission from one of their shining lights? — Telegraph . Information has been received in Sydney of a tremendous piece of good fortune, which has be fallen a man who was at one time a well known resident of Sydney. The fortune's favorite re ferred to is a Mr Thomas, who was a long time engaged in business here as an undertaker in a small way. He frequently stated that if he could get; home he could prove his right to an enormous estate but he had not the means of getting home and presenting his right. He at length submitted his proofs to some gentlemen, who saw that the case was a good one, and the consequence was that they subscribed a sum of money which enabled Thomas to go . home, lay claim to his estate, and prosecute his claim. The information now received is to the effect that the claim has been allowed by the Court of Chancery, and the result is thai Thomas has come into possession of an im mense fortune, worth, in |the aggregate, about a million sterling, and consisting of £500.000 in cash, and property in Wales worth £430,000 more.— Herald telegram. Thereof yesterday says: — We understand that the Attorney General, having thoroughly examined all the papers in the case of the man Sperrin, sen' yesterday for Dr Serrell, the surgeon who (Xtmined 'he gii! that the prisoner was said to 'have 'assaulted. The probability is, there fore, that in the course of a few days something definite as to the intention of the Government in this mat'er will be made known. A somewhat extraordinary and painful accident happened recently to a Mrs Matthew Gamble at Colac. It appears that Dr Rae had called in to see a member of 'he family, and handed the bridle of his horse to Mrs Gamble. The lady was stand in" inside her door with the bridle twisted round the forefinger of her right hand, when the animal b came in some manner frightened, and made a plunge. This brought Mrs Gamble's finger in contact with the doorpost, and, not being able to release her hand, the top joint of her finger was pulled completely off. The doc'or, being on the spot, was able to alleviate the pain to the sufferer as much as possible, and to sew up the wound. The Po/tcs Gazette of last night contains a des cription ol a number of antiquities which were stolen from the British Museum, London, on or about the 15th of June 1877- The property enumerated is of very valuable character, and com prises a number of intaglios, scaiabsai, and other antique curiosities,- < ' It is probable (saya the Age) that Parliament will shortly be asked to sanction the floating of a large loan for carrying out a comprehensive scheme of railway construction, so as to meet the require ments of the old settled and newly settling portions of the country ; and Mr Woods is already bestir ring himself so as to make himself thoroughly acquainted with the wants of the colony. He left town on Friday to make a personal inspection of the country lying between Colac and Camperdown, the claims'of that district for railway communica tion having been frequently brought under his notice. Mr Woods expressed' himself as being astonished at the absence of population between the . /two. places. ... After, extended inquiries, Mr Longmore has -determined- to issue regulations limiting the borrowing powers of selectors to £1 per acre, ex cept in very special cases. The rate of interest also will be restricted to a maximum of 10 per cent. Mr Longmore has fouDd that many selectors have ; borrowed up to 30s. and £2 per acre, on which they are paying 16 per cent,, and even 20 per cent. He believes that wherever that is the case the land is bound, 60oner or later, to pass out of the pos session of the selector. His hope, therefore, is that by sanc'ioning mortgages only up to £1 an acre, and at a restricted percentage, he will save strug- glingselectors from grasping storekeepers or usurious money lenders. Iu exceptional cases, where the reasons given are ciear and definite, the Minister may sanction a loan up to 30s, an acre. The regu lations will be published in a few days, A supplement to the Government Gazette con tains instructions for pilots during the Russo Tur kish war, issued by the Secretary of Sta'e, as fol lows British pilots are not to pilot ships of war for either belligerent, except in British waters, within three miles of the shore, or to do more than pilot such ships into or out of British ports or roadsteads when they are not at the time engaged in any hostile operations ; but ships of war in dis tress may always be piloted out of immediate dan ger, other than the danger of immediate or immi nent capture.'- 7 Mr Barry Sullivan, according to tbe O. and M. Advertiser, has recently undergone a singular opera' ion. It will be remembered that at Drury- lane Theatre, Macduff's sword accidentally struck him in the eye, causing an abrupt termination of his engagement, and his retirement for some weeks. In tbe end he left the doctor's hands cured, as was believed, but ever since, he has been troubled with a curious affec'ion of the eye. Having consulted an oculist, the conclusion was arrived at that there must be something iu the eyeball itself. He con sented to undergo the necessary operation of test ing this theory. His eyeball was cut open, and from it was taken an eyelash, which had been thrust in at the point of the sword. Mr Sullivan has now recovered, A little over three years ago (says the JBallarat Star) the first sod' was turned at the Gong Gong, and now each day sees a finishing touch put to the works. The immense earthworks have assumed graceful proportions, and upon the huge bank s- retching across the Gong Gong valley the green grass of spring is spreading a velvety carpet plea Bant to look upon. The vast piles of granite and bluestone pitchers which were to be seen lying about a Jew months since have disappeared, and taken their places iu the sloping lines of masonry about the works, and so nicely have the contractors made their calculations that there is scarcely a load of stones to spare. The bridge over the byewash is nearly completed, and looking down into the bottom of' the new reservoir one sees the water slowly creeping up the bank — very slowly indeed. The water from the weir above Kirk's was turned into the aqueduct running into the Gong Gong on Monday, and though not a very large stream is ruining in, the masonry at the bottom of the dam was almost covered on Tuesday afternoon, the depth of the water being about 9 feet. A start was made on Tuesday to mark out the pipe track leading from the valve house, and thefirst load of the new pipes was delivered on the same day, so that it will be seen the works are rapidly approaching com pletion. Men are busily employed in sloping down the tall brown clifl above the deviation road, and all around a clearance is beiug effected of what may be termed the unsightly things tbatsprang intoexis encewith the commencement of the contract. The late attempt at signalling was not a success, but the Argus says : — " The Commissioner of Railways, however, has determined by some means to accomplish the object desired, and further ex- perime us will be made with more perfect apparatus. Probably a suggestion which has been made to the Commissioner by Mr Murray, the inspector of rail way telegraphs, will be found, after trial, to be one of the best which could be adopted. Mr Murray pro poses to employ electricity to establish the connec tion required. He suggests that a wire should be car ried along each carriage, communicating with a small electric bell in the guard's van, and another bell in the engine, the connection being so arranged that the engine-driver and guard conld communi cate with each other. As the object of a passenger in signalling must, of course, be to stop the train, the communication from the passenger carriage is, with the engine-driver direct, any loss of time thus being prevented. Mr Murray's plan for enabling it to be ascertained from which carriage the signal comes is ingenious. The passenger, in order to establish the connexion, pulls a small handle in the side of the carriage, and this act causes a small piece of wood (ihe,:' indicator') laid level on the outside of the carriage to become fixed perpendi cularly to the side of the carriage. This indicator is. fixed in such a position that the passenger inside cannot restore it to its former position, and the guard can thus ascertain at once from which car riage the signal proceeded. Mr Murray estimates t hat the whole cost of applying the apparatus to an ordinary train would only be about £6, each the battery costing £1, the bells about £1 each, and the wire the. remainder. . The, connecting wires be tween the carriages being of steel, could be made spiral to allow of any slack required." The Home News of 8th June says " It is said and believed by many people who ought to know something about such a subject, that his Royal Highness Prince Leopold will eventually take orders as a clergyman in the Church of Eng land. We give the rumour for what it may be worth, It would constitute an interesting and startling precedent if it turn out to be true, and it would probably have the effect of recruiting the English clergy from a better class of men than now enter the sacred calling." With the Government against him, Mr Service was defeated on Wednesday night,' by four votes, in his attempt to add a new clause to Mr Casey's Justices of the Peace Act Amendment Bill. At present justices in petty sessions have 110 juris diction over debts that have been owing longer than twelve months. Any debt, however, small, which may be sued for after it has been standing more than a year, must be recovered by a costly and inconvenient action in the -County Court. Mr Service wished to extend the time to two years in which debts could be recovered in courts of petty sessions. On division, however, this apparently reasonable suggestion was rejected by thirty Totes to twenty-six. — leltqraph. Two tenders and an engine of the bogie type were delivered by the Phoenix Foundry at the Ballarat railway station on Wednesday, the engine being the first of its kind made at the works named. A telegram to the Herald from Brisbane says : — 1 " A posse of police has s'arted from Cooktown to Maytown, at the request of the banks for their protection against the armed bands of Chinese ma rauders who are pillaging the district." An accident occurred on Sunday at Opossum Gully, reports the Ararat Advertiser , ihtough the bursting of a gun, which ended in the loss of his left hand by a young lad named Notley, abou' fourteen years of age. He was out with the view of shooting at small birds amongs the crops when the gun, which had been some days loaded, burst and sent the charge out through the side of the barrel close to the breech. The hand and wrist were found to be much shattered, when the youth was brought into the Hospi al, when Drs Law and Clarke met in consulta ion shortly before nine .o'clock in the evening. An immediate amputation of the wrist was decided on and was performed by the two medical gentlemen named. 