««- . --Tr A TVHtfl "vT i Wth! PARIS, 12TH HI. Although we have swallows, roses, in,L strawberries, and green peas, we have nritW spring nor summer. One of the mrey jJjJ astronomers that Prance now possesses, being in Republic, all men are equal. i-- covered a terrible black spot on the sun t- which unauthorised astronomers attribute tfo topsy-turvey character of the seasons. As oempensatien for the seven months' wet iriad that we have had to endure, another claV philosophers, meteorologiste, consoles us tk the winter of 1880 will be the coldest ever knov in France, so that the oldest inhabitant's tnemnJ will be worthless. On the contrary, it? like dreams, torn out the reverse, as peorii will be occupied in the warm workd electing Marshal MacMahon's successor n. vided France be not in the interim eaten » by civil wars between Republicans and montanes, te say nothing of a possible vfcU from neighbours near the Rhine, when the see the house divided against itself. Of com ladies feel the effects of the war. First/tfo mot d'ordre has gone forth that pin-money be reduced, and that instead of comnuujjj. new toilettes, it would be more prudent for m to indulge in a few head-aches fining old ones could be made as good as new, Not much money will be expended this year es gaddings to the seaside, and even a vilteost. side Paris comes under the head of unnecessary luxuries. It is useless for ladies arranging whii rpfdauiigg ought to be fashionable this snmnter, U order to compel the mineral water doctors to prescribe the desired spa. Affectionate hiu. bands and loving papas explain, eur iaooam have been terribly cut down, in consequence Turkey failing to pay interest on the money wo lent her to ameliorate her Christians, and oar other creditor, Russia, may at any moment mm. pend cash payments also, as we subscribed to the Czar's loans to benefit his Christians 1 A very bad sign of the times ; some ten of die sixty journals devoted to the latest have died a natural death since New Yesr'i Day. Only judge how difficult it is tor Udiei to act in presence of a plethora of knovlflm, Nearly all tnese special journals are the « r_m of milliners, dressmakers, and drapen, their origma'rv is not to be queeuuued, since each chelates a code of fashion of 1 its own. that uo one here apparently ever follows. Strangers, it is said, correct thi« of respect, affurdiug thus stronger proof that prophets have no honour in their own country. French mothers are proverbial for their love for their children. If not sent to the country to be nursed, that operation once performed it home, and the children arrived at the ABC age, ' ihe boys are sent te school, and the girls to the convent. The latter are reminded that if they are sayct learn well their scales, be able to dtfiae the tenses of RngK«h irregular verbs, and recognise the difference betwea "yes" and "no" in Gorman, they will bete, warded with a husband and a home of thtft own when leaving school at sweet sixteen Tiiis method' ot bringing np -has the advan tage of allowing mammas more liberty to m life. Another system of private education coming into vogue is what may be called board ing-school sets. A few families of equal social standing arrange to confide their girls to a lady who will devote herself to them exclusively, lodging, educating, and veneering them accord' ing to fixed terms and modern principles. Big rolks have their conferences, where quite a claw of male and female lecturers hold forth on every thing, and very frequently on nothing. Children have their special miniature theatres, inde pendent of the Guignols, their concerts, and fancy balls, but they lacked their cenferenssi. This want is now supplied. A theatre opens its doors once a week for one hour and a half in the afternoon, where a gentleman and lady hold forth on nursery tales more or less advanced and new, with magic-lantern illustrations or Chinese shadows. I confess I found new laughter in these old tales illustrated, and more enter- taiament than in the severe arid solemn cam- monplaces of the lecturers a la mode. The only requirement babies stand in need of is to arrange to give them a voyage round the world, say is uiaety days. Society, and toe papers ot a uer a in party, allege that since the advent of theBe ublic, high, that is extravagant life, hasoeased m exist, to the detriment of trade, while, is ue same breath, they accuse the same Republic developing a condition of things to be only quailed by Roman corruption and Oriental ffeminacy ; the truth is, that Parisian life is pretty much about what it has ever been. Resident strangers, who take only the Olym pian view of French politics, keep on the even tenor of their way, indulge in good eating and drinking, patronise amuse- meats, and enjoy that calm and ooey in dependence and freedom from the boredom of button-holding acquaintances and mischief- making relatives, not to be found aft. home. A walk or a seat in toe Avenue des Champs Elysdes on a Sunday afternoon will attest the proofs of material wealth and show under the Republic. Take an iron nhtir on the rightihaad side of the avenue when going towards the Arc de Tnomphe, the citizens here have no connec tion with the people over toe way, who are old, frowsy, sickly, quarrelsome; dressed in gar ments suggestive of the light of other days, and smelling strongly of camphor or other horrible anti-inBect powders. The carriages roll np and down, three and lour abreast, filled with sib gantiy-dressed people. There is toe jeW- stock carriage, where the whole tafn-ous, powdered coach and foot men, in blue, sosnri, and gold, with necks as stiff as toft bust on a oenotaph, is' the product of J subscription between two or three sucootafo trading families. Thenars also ambsj sadora, attaches, bankers, and an inevitable Chinese or Japanese embassy. Equeetriftas are rare, French ladies as a rale know notoiflg about horsemanship, and FkftncH gentlemen » the saddle recall not a. little the jsri mrf ride of the Cid. Horseback is net the pM|£ tiufieu for an intriga?, but a brougham sopp11 all torn conditions. Ihe picture shew a,,® ureal; a godsend. Whatovertoissohmsaay'y far the promotion o art, it fshertahify office lounge, and a capital bazaar far them < <3 tfium tt th»jod®2! pint d«p in hi. book,, ww « hi. » OttiH pgroTor a Balzac. aechefs d'mvre are few and far between, bo a relief to the memory. "The Death of Marcettr ' is voted excellent; the portrait df ThieH Is a Success ; MeiB£ Ihiiier's " Dumas" is a, half ditto. Republican! find Gambetta's portrait perfection; Royalists declare it coarse and detestable. There is a canvas representing the Inundation of Toulouse," which is so true to nature that it will faithfully represent a flood in any of the five parts of the world ; and Gustavo Dord, as usual, paints as he is said to sell, by the square yard. It is more interesting to chatter over the new black ombrelles, with any kind of showy lining you please, and to know that pearls of a mooulight colour dispute the ascendancy with those ef a rttsty iron shade. " Has the Orifice of Oraiige yet completed his education ?" Some say no ; others hint that his mamma is coming to bring bim home to the Hague in a canal boat. But yellow cannot hold its own against the shades of absinthe and Vesu vius, and it is certain that, if Marshal Mac- Mahon does not get rid of his monarchal private secretory, the Republicans — no, blue Cashmere is very elegant with faille, and a duck of a bonnet is best without a crown, and trimmed, like our corsages and bonnets, with flowers and drooping-down feathers. " My dear, did yon remark at the fancy fair recently the latest of Worth's creations, and worn by the Duchess de 0—— t" A princess robe sdns tetroussis , with the jupe behind raised gradually, and at dis tances by large puffs ; the corsage prolonged downwards before a large Louis XV. vest, with lucaret pockets, the Louis XV. sleeves ornamented with lace and carved buttons. What a dust in the gal lery, and how delightful it will be, when, on a privileged day, the members of the Jockey Club will have the boards sprinkled with water aud eau-de-celogne. And the little fanchons in black and white lace, with a pretty bonqnet at the side, and a capote in straw, With its tnlle scarf— what a delicious bonnet. The Prince of Wales expressed his belief that the horrible war will not prevent the Exhibition from being opened, and even if the Russians and Turks were to join the jealous and niggardly Ger mans, the Exhibition world would not be brought to a stand-still. There is an air of earnest, successful life about the monster build ing that bodes success. Very grand ladies en deavour to display the family colours in their toilettes, and very great gentlemen commence to have their own railway carriage, fitted up follow ing their own taste, and guaranteed to ran over all the lines of Europe, save those of Russia, made purposely wide in order to check the invasion of the Westerns, for the Russians believe their holy mission is to convert all Christians to their Greek Church. People remark what a number of travelling Russians there are at present in Europe, and it is shrewdly suspected these swarms of Muscovite princes and princesses resemble the Belgian Baron and the Countess Zicka, in Sardou's "Dora" — all first-class utiles. Thev swarm to leave their cards on any editor who pays a compliment to Russia, and who never agrees with the Pope as to the Czar's method for converting the Polish Catholics to orthodoxy. Under the late Empire espionage ranked among the. fine arts, and it was the best paid of functions. No dinner Sarty could be given by an opponent of the ynasty without a list of the guests being first furnished to the Prefect de Police. The host had to await that official's pleasure, and often times accept one of his people as a guest. An Orleanist duchess — for the Orleanists were not then, as they are new, the allies of Bona- partism — refused to send her list or accept an authorised spy. Ultimately the list was for warded of the friends she intended to invite. The Minister of the Police returned it to her, assuring her she could issue her invitations, as a few of his friends were included. The Rus sians are shrewdly suspected of playing a similar game, not that they can do any harm to this country, which appears to be settling down into the Republic. The only ruler that would have the ghost of a chance of being accepted by tbe French is the Emperor of Brazil, or the Prince of Wales. The latter has gone home, and the former, always ubiquitous, is at Orleans, witnessing the annual ceremony held to commemorate the raising of the siege by Joan of Arc. The Comte de Paris has gli i ed into that ceremony, but he has not the slightest chance of gaining popularity by the step. Did not Canning call in the new world, Brazil, to redress the balance of the old. Don Pedro might be invited to attempt a similar feat. The moment is very favourable for erecting monuments to French forgotten worthies. It is not the custom in this country for the family of the departed, or if the honoured be living to do so himself, to pay for the glory. Georges Sand will have two statnes, theugh persons remark it would be prudent to wait till after the publication of her memoire certain to shock upright souls. But the French close their eyes to private worth — or its oppo site ; they place the laurels only on talent and genius. It is suggested, also, to provide a monument for her friend and lover, De Musset. This would be a kind of test act, indeed, for the advocates of the doctrine of two moralities. De Musset was a notorious drunkard and gambler, but then he was so repentant after a night's losses. Unlike Fox, who sought consolation in Greek and a wet towel round his head, the poet had a special ragged suit — he must occasionally have forgotten to change it when coming out of doors — which he put on ; then he rolled on the carpet of his apartment, indulged in a mea culpa till the afternoon, refusing to eat or drink. About 7 o'clock he felt so impioved by this treatment, that he exchanged his toilette for one of a Dives pattern, satisfied a long fast, and re- plunged into his incorrigible vices. A dead set has been made against snails as an article of food, or as a necessary of life. Some cases of poisoning have occurred, owing to admirers in dulging too freely in the luxury. These creepers are not good for cooking unless starved for several days beforehand, and the most edible come from, the vineyards. It is but too true that Paris derives a large portion of its supply from the tombstones, etc., in the suburban cemeteries, and are therefore dangerous fron feeding on the rank vegetation. The " land Oj ster" is pronounced by judges to have no taste, and to be wholly indigestible ; the condi ments alter it, as ever the s&uce; disguises th< fish, There is a story enrrent that a pupi belonging to an Ultramontane medical school was lately examined for his diploma, and bein£ asked, " What wonld you administer in case o! overdose of arsenic ?" replied, " Extreme unc tion." Ivyou want acoetumetoflt you at a reasonable prloe, go to Edwin Pouch's 149, 151 Bourke street, where you I can to suited from 120.9a. to 84s. Patterns by post. 