THE SIGN OF THE CROSS; OB, ;0EHB GEMS GLORIES OF AH : AMOLICAH, NO-POPKR? Ci»OH ; BB1HG PoSTCMPT, NO. 3, TO SUNDBT LETTEES ADDBESSBD TO AM ][' ANNUOAN RECTOB. 70 B'auk-street, Melbourne, 23rd Ootober, 1877. MT DEAR RECTOR,—AB soon as King James ^et bad got on bis new episcopal pantaloons, •bis Majesty found them soofa easy and oottifirtable wear, that he resolved, as head of liis own New Church, to give her a fall suit tpf new oanonioals to oorer her ecolesipatio&l; ^nakedness. For some sixty or seventy years before sbe bad thrown off her beautiful robes O^Oatholio disoipliae and adornment, and for ytil that time she stood half node, inrags, and shamelessly dishevelled, before the world's gaze. Bat as Dr. John Whitgift, Arohbiehop of Canterbury, the King's head church modiste, had jast died (February. 1601), the catting ont and stitching up of the new dress WAS entrusted to Dr. Richard Bancroft, Bishop of London, who used the •oisgors and needle with sneh dexterous celerity, that his royal master promoted him to the vacant Arohbisboprio of Canterbury in the following October; a living which stands in the regal ledger as endowed with £16,730 per annam, with two noble episcopal palaces. The new sait consisted of 141 Canons ; and Hi. Bancroft, as a High Churchman, understood his position, and knew that he must talk some yery tall talk about Ohnrch authority, and ancient customs, and the early ages, in order, 1st, to choke ofi his Low Churoh brethren, who hated nothing so mnob as all these allusions to " Popish" times and primitive practices ; 2nd, to spite and snub the " Romanists," and make them feel their upstart insiguificanoe, and learo that all their "peculiar opinions" were " modern corruptions," as oo'mpared with Anglioan-reformed antiquities. In order lo slap his dear Law Cauroh brethren all the harder in the face, Dr. Bancroft felt that he must come down very sharp on "the Romanists" and "the corruptions of Rome." And this he did when he eatue to Canon 30, in whioh he deals with the Sign of the Cross. For Low Church, as the precursor of Antiobrist, hated the Sign of the Cross with a most antichristian hatred. Their pretence for hating the Sign of the Cross was, that it W&s; Popish. This was the ostensible cause of their hatred. The real cause of their hatred was, that the Cross meant the incarnation and the divinity of Christ. The extreme radical presbyterianised party-hated Christ, though they, all of th.m, hadn't the courage to say so. They, therefore, turned their hatred on the Cross and the Sign of the Cross, as has been shown by subsequent events; for this presbyterianised faction of 1601, fined ofi into what we now speak of as Unitatianism. To baffle Low Church SSld take their best argument away, Br. Bancroft knew he must stick his knife into Popery pretty deep. If he didn't, Low Church would stigmatise him as a " Romaniser," and this would be a loyal and scriptural back-handed blow at the Supreme head himself, who had fallen away from presbyterianism and joined in with black prelacy and episcopalianism, which were " Romanism " in disguise. Bancroft was in fact a very learned scholar, and had read the Fathers, and knew all about, the Sign of the Cross. He verily believed its use had ooina down from St. Peter and St. Paul in the tradition of the Ohureh, throughout all nations, in uBe everywhsre and by all, until 1545-50, when Calvin's theory came into play, and the obsoene scoundrels,, oallea the "Reformers," abolished it-in Eng. land. But Bancroft had the £16,780 a year and the two palaces Jin his eye, and didn't intend to lose his chanoeof them; so he struck right and left—at the Low Church 6n one side, and at, the " Romanists" onthe other, and he reoeived his reward. As a beneficed Anglican Protestant reformed Low Church clergyman, you, my <lear Buotor, mil give me few thanks fit my kindness in fbus reviving your recollections of the events 7?bich led to, asoompaoied, and followed fr6m,'the manufacture of your wonderful ho'-. Popery Canon. I am sure you wotiild Ttether sot have your memory refreshed aboutthese stents; but, then, that is just thereaSou why thoseeventpshbuli be reoaHed; for all! yon' ProteB'trntsare addittted tothe wiiiable' weakness 7 of 'forgetting, or, to what'answers yotir purposfe betler. of aff eoting 5I to forgfet, that you'-ttiitl 'yqkrs ever hadanyhaiid iti' 1 ^ftttts «b fodl, do'cirupl, so ; bloodj„ jftt 1 ijkrbarotfs; ana' feo ! fo61i»h.' Ton fcetyiufa, there-' f&c;?,'to toe'-retaiiae'd^'faf them. 'OI-i&tubV;, 1 y6fr do not like' it. "Son would rotifer \--Matt "thtt '^ouT rtli&ioti; wtt' : th'e"ofailtt ; of ' 5 bdch ! WMUbe, a'nd : that- tlhuhsh' was Mtttfil Vpbft^, ^i>d'ntu!th^a iio'Ms^ belief, and Has! grown Tioh and fet byrttbbery, and haN.estaMisffcd- htrtelfi fcyda! ! lon#Msuo- UMioaof tbft wot monstrous *iol#tioni °ol m iti«ms, Nonpar, «ejij»iws»yi apdhwtanitjv aad.wwsitfvepe. life it bwwuti ee(»l4p»» Mo. But it would be a crime agMhitrPwo^ to fMVfrf-ff" 11 forget and go to alexin to agreeable ft »eU-delu*ioitf aetloal'bonse that Elizabeth and James built, bad its foundations laid in murder, spolia'ion,-perjury, antd atrocities the most horrifying and inexcusable. Every stone in that fabrio is clothed over with gore. Every timber of it is infected with a heretical dry-rot; and these things sbonld be remembered as a tribute to troth. And equally small will be the thanks I shall receive from you for the comparison I now propose to draw between the principle* of Protestantism—which is the poisonous fountain from which these iniquities flowed—and the principles of wbiehyour Piotestant principle is the sworn and natural foe. Tour wonderful no-Popery Canon 30 bringsout the two principles into such cuiious and ex'raordinary contrast, that I am rather glad of the opportunity thus offered for direotingyonr attention to it, by way of preface to cnr more minute examination of its gems and glories, In all things revealed by Almighty God as necessary to our salvation, I presume that you, rev. sir, will admit that we sbonld think of them o» God thinh of them. And if we think ol tbe things God l>as so revealed, «. He thinks, we shall think rightly of them. And if all men think rightly about them, the tbinkiDg of all will be unanimous and accordant. And if we go on to express our unanimous thinking in words, then the same words will express the thinking of all. So far, there i( no great dif&aulty.; How oould there be, sinos it is the injunction _ of St. Pani to all the Corinthian Christians when he exhorted them all to " speak the tame thing " (I Cor. i. 10.), and, apain, when be commands all "with one mind and one mouth to glorify God." (Rom. xv. 6) This oneness of mind, or this unity of thought, or this identity of tW mental conoept, npon the things revealed by God, being not only possible, but obligatory, the Christian duty of thinking as God thinks on all ttiat i| neceBBary to salvation, is obvious, and as easy as obvious. All Christians may, abd'should, think on what God has revealed as He thinks. If we think as God tbinki we shall all think rightly, and we may all speak onr right thought rightly in the same words, and these words will be a universal confession of faith in which all Christians can unite. God's thought is His knowledge, and His knowledge is omniecienoe. When He reveals He reveals as He knows, that is, in tbe eternal verity of things, as they are ; aod as far as He reveals, we know what He reveals as He knows ; provided only there be on our part a submission of the receptive faculty of our mind to the mind of God. This submission of our mind to the mind of God is the principle ol Christian faith, and oonsiats in thinking as God thinks in regard to the things He reveals as necessary to our and all these necessary things we only know by revelation. God does not think doubtfully or defectively, or with duplicity, when He reveals, and, therefore, we can think His revelation, speaks His revelation, and believe His revelation as He reveals, rightly and unanimously, and without any "shades of doctrinal difference." No such shades exist, or oan exist, in the Christian system concerning the things revealed as necessary to salvation. All miy believe as all, and all as one believes on these, for all think as God thinks of them. But, on the other hand, and opposed to this principle of thinking as God thinks, your f rotescants assert tlie principle of thinking for yourselves Y»u admit that God has revealed some thing! which are necessary to salvation, and you sa; that all those things are revealed in tbe Scriptures, and that you are to search tbe Soriptures, and by searching the Scriptures, you think you shall find out all the things tbat - are neoessary to salvation. Other things there are in Scripture, but these, you say, are superfluous, or nonessential. See now what comes of this Protestant prinoiple. One of you searches the Scripture, and finds a certain thing in it which he thinks is essential to his salvation, and he believes it. But np rises another Protestant searoher of tbe same Soriptures, who deolares that the thing which the fl-sl searcher found and bell ;ves is not essential. How does your Protestant prinoiple'work in this case f It ddfesu't work. It oan't work, j oan do nothing.. It oan't tell which of these two Protostanti ia right or whioh is wrong, or whether both are wrong. Is the thing in dispute essential ? If so, one of these two Protestants -runs tbe risk of losing his soul. One or the other is decsived. Who deoeives him? Is it .God who mislead* him by giving His revelation in a slovenly, slip-slop, oareleSB way. < Did you ever hear, my dear roc'or, t>f charging God foolishly. .So that your system of Scripture - searching and of non-essentials, ends in making nothing essential; or by bringing a disoredit on Soriptnre, which cecdiis en God «}8 their 'author. This,! eay, is theSnd of your thinking for yourselves, whioh is your boast, your pride, yourpleasure.'yotir privilege, your birthright, yourwhat not. It ib a prinoiplewhich .raises, brit can n£ver/decide any -vexed .question. It is a prinoiple that: foments disoord and exclndCB thopeao* of;Gqd. Yob oan; never ihave peiae id -your Ghurch on sach a priuioiplb.Toaneverhavehadpeace/>For273 yefcrs of the Anglic'&n;'Rsform&i; iBrotestant Cnnroh 'hOT£Mtau!in'oi>SJ)le«(h«Bfrfor ifenothier abtfut jyoUrScripturalityii ^bat^oeathis prove' but thatryohr jMmtpieofjSCriptarfa seaiSehingi* a f&lse; jinttrvfficiug f>riiieipl<v excitlqg yearly.* fends; yon oanta eivhenreooneile^nor discard, npr tepresa?noripuMio«nv' ohlyrohangei is in tbe; attitudej^fi ithe -squabblers.; t27«t year^«^Oi : H»gh : Chniabi!beingin»«naifitity, amti:aBAfiriptgzai^rfeenta fto gaol now jiw *flbnrah,^i)»i»B 'ii» OM}o>ay t {mo«t ;«ariplmrAllyj ^nds! High; Ohffl- chitotsJiol;,a'TOIllr/rewA anmr ifldjptures s^Ueiitasidisputet' Jt lpng, ebiaB^k ftinxi a fair trial for your prinoiple of thinking for youi selves, instead of thinking as God think B, which makes nothing necessary to salvation, and, for vigorous faith, substitutes the stagnant sottishnessof indifference, which neither knows nor oares whether there be any revelation* Theee are the two principles—1st. thiB prinoiple of thinking as G id thinks; 2nd, the principle of thinking for yourselves. The lit enables us to know and to believe with the absolute certainty of' DiVihe faith all things necessary to salvation ; while io things non-e«f>ential we all think with full toleration of each others individual or philosophic opinions. The 2nd principle reduoes all things revealed by Almighty God to a pitiable mbddle of non-essentials, and then likfi maniac* you are always fighting or cutting one another's juRular veins ttcross about your infernal non-essentials. Oatho. lies have no dispu'e about non-essentials. Protestants never tlit one another s nonet, or put one another in prison, except about what tkeyfirtl acknowledge to benon estemiale! ! ! , Do yon ever scalp one another,my dear rector, about the Divinity of Christ t No. But you will curse and swear at one another, and proseoute one another, and stone one another, and sentence one another to heavy and ruinous fines and fatal imprisonments about lighting a penny candle on your " communion tables." Ton are always spearing one another about fiddle faddles and trumpery that children might despise, and this is thinking for yourselves, ! Tour Canon 30 brings these two principles ' into direct collision, that I oould not refrain from enlarging as I have done—though done so cursorily and/superficially. And now let us look at this Canon's gems and jilories. But to give ."your Canon fair play, I should first I of & 11 notice one fact which will serve «> exhibit this wonderful no-Popery Canon 30 in a light more lurid than luminous, and disclose its more esoteric mysteries to view. It throws a damning blaze of unredeemable and audacious hypocrisy round the whole Canon making of the " Synod" of 1604. When it is stated that in spite of all the canting, mawkish, maudlin, whining about the early Christians and the pure ages and the Fathers, and so forth, in which Cao<>n 30 indulges, that the said " Churoh of England" has mutilated, and thereby falsified, tha Nicene Creed in order to uphold the Lutheran heresy, and to pal - liate her own nefarious deeds. Sbe has, judging from her prayer books, erased the word " holy" from the formula which was super-eminently the creed of the pure ages, thus openly denying one of the dogmas—one of tbe truths necessary to salvation—<>f tbe Catholic Church, whioh the Nicene Fathers pronounoed, as the Apostles ba I pronounced, that she was "one" and "holy," and in which Christ had promised tuat tbe Holy Ghost should abide for ever. The Church o( England has expunged tbe word " holy'* from ner servioe book, and does not believe in any such nonsense as a "holy Catholio Churoh," but only in an unholy national Churoh; and in this impious and ii fidel spirit her wonderful, no-Popery Canon 30 was composed. Peutetbb. 