Sporting Notes. RACING EVENTS TO COME. Geelong Racing Club Meeting, January 27 and 28, 1877. Tamworth Races, March 6 and 7. Nominations, Dalby Handicape, March 8. Weights, Dalby Handicaps, March 16. General Entry, Dalby Races, April 12. Dalby Annunl Races, April 17 and 18. Warwick Annual Races, April 25 and 26. North Australian Jockey ClubRaces, May 11, 12,10. Queensland Turf Club Meeting, May 24 and 26. Entrances Brisbane Cup and Q.T.C. Handicap, April 12. Acceptances for Brisbane Cup and Q.T.C. Handicap, May 21. THE proceedings of the Rockhampton Jockey Club meeting, held last week, I read with pleasure, as it portends some excellent things for the future. The list of sound and sub- stantial names on the committee- headed by that of the able chairman, and climaxed by that of the indefatigable secretary-is a most judicious one. Thc new committee have plenty of hard work before them-such as many and varied improvements to the old course, or the formation of a new one, the erection of a decent grand-stand, saddling paddocks, &c.;,-that perfect unanimity should exist during the period of their companionship, and I have no doubt they will largely enlist the co-operation of the public by the good feeling and disinterestedness they will display. I shall expect to see in time the Rockhampton Jockey Club second to none in the provinces. The report of the retiring committee is an ex- ceedingly gratifying one, showing a balance in hand of over £70. The suggestion of a Mares' Produce Stakes is also well timed, and will give a greater interest to breeders and specu- lators than heretofore, and the addition to the amount of added money in the big handicaps in an earnest of coming attractiveness to the programme of events. Altogether, matters look very pleasant and hopeful. I need only cite thc following sales of blood stock at Toowoomba, last week, to advance the fact that the rearing of really splendid thoroughbreds will not only pay, but ieave a splendid margin of profit :-Among the lots first brought to the hammer was the black horse, Italian, so well known as thc compeer of Glen- coe ; he passed into the hands of his former owner's brother for 280gnineas. Italian's next of kin, Childers, was sold to Mr. Lawlor for 275 guineas ; another full brother to Italian, David, found a purchaser in Mr. James Williams at the tall figure of 340 guineas. Lord of the Downs, by Lord of the Hills went to Mr. Kent for 68 guineas ; Woodbine, a Lord of the Hills mare, with an Italian foal at foot, should have been a good purchase for Mr. Clark ; the imported mare, Miss Cother- stone, by Cotherstone, fell to the bid of the Hon. James Taylor for 73 guineas ; Queen of Hearts, 40 guineas ; a two-year-old colt by Maribyrnong-Parasite, reached the fancy price of 310 guineas ; Rebel and Aboriginal were knocked down for 49 and 52 guineas respectively. Little Tambo comes spiritedly to the front, I see, with a £100 handicap and £50 maiden plate as part of her programme to be run for next June. Very good indeed. Walgett, a pastoral township in N.S.W., away in the interior on the Murray sees no reason why it should not emulate the stirring duels of Glen Innes and Wagga Wagga, and give a thousand guineas a Cup Prize. Nothing like it, Walgett. The gentleman glorying in the very sporting nom de plume of "Venison, who "does the the turf " for thc Queenslander, is making a very great clatter about the tremendous difficulties to meet in finding an accomplished Secretary for the Brisbane Jockey Club, un- less they place his salary on their estimates at once ; and he kindly suggests what that salary shall be. I think the cloven hoof rather peeps out here, and "Venison" might be in- duced to become the "Perfect Cure" at the salary he so kindly suggests. Ah ! "Veni- son," now would ye? From my little acquaintance with some of the sporting frater- nity of Brisbane, I can satisfy "Venison's" anxious mind that no such difficulty exists, for one gentleman alone-Mr. W. H. Kent, of Tattersalls Horse Bazaar-could graphically delineate how the Murrumbidgee Turf Club and others rose to the proud eminence they now enjoy, for he himself had no inconsider- able share in their inauguration. Let such gentlemen as those be consulted, and they will soon find a way out of the maze. The Pride of the Hills pot is certainly be- ginning to boil very fast £10,000 to £1000 about him for one of the largest handicaps in the colonies at this time, when the weights are not known! It does not look like the foresight and discretion that husbanded him to victory for the Great Champion. Either his selling price wants to be run up enormously high, or the public are intended to be "got at." I shall most positively stake my half crown he is not placed in the race after that, for that's what the ghost of Johnny Higgerson tells old VENO. 