THE HAUNTED HOUSE. THERE could be no doubt about it, the house was haunted ; every one said so, and what every one says we all know must be true ; therefore, the house was haunted, and T should like to know how it could have been otherwise, for when Sam Suckall was killed, stabbed dead in it, his distracted widow knelt before the door and cursed it from the depths of her desolate, and breaking heart, and so the place became haunted; although my firm conviction is that it was haunted from the very beginning. Though to look at it, you would never for a moment imagine that ghosts would think of frequenting such a place, for it was a bright, shiny, jolly looking house, and the sounds of music, mirth, and revelry broke from it at all hours; but the traveller in passing at night was often startled and horrified by voices raised loud in cursing and blasphemy—terrible, oh ! terrible to hear. Many persons went there frequently to see the spirits, and the curse of the place followed them through life and ultimately overwhelmed them with ruin both of body and of mind. Mothers cautioned their sons not to go near it, and wives implored their husbands to avoid it, but all to no purpose, for there was a fatal power about the place that seemed to be irresistible; and as the fascinated bird is said to-fly into the serpent's mouth, men and youths, and alas! women and maidens too, rushed to the Haunted House and were destroyed and lost for ever ; for the spell of the evil spirits fell upon them all, and that is an undeniable fact, so all good people shunned the place. Now you may say that I am "writing nonsense, and tell me that no house was ever yet haunted; but I will soon convince you that this house was, for I am going to relate how Charley Losslad went there and saw the spirits and what resulted therefrom. Charley was the finest and handsomest young fellow in all the district, and was universally respected and beloved. He owned a fine thriving farm, and was the sole support of his widowed mother and his only sister, Fanny, for his father had been dead for many years. He was engaged to Nelly Lfcechman, only daughter of Dr. Leechman ; and what with looking after his farm and attending to the wants of his mother and sister, and paying his addresses to his intended bride, his time was fully,occupied, and he was as merry and happy as a man could be, and the Haunted House gave him little or no concern; so lie never entered it though he passed and re-passed it every time he went to and returned from Dr. Leechman's. Well, it so happened once that Charley had been spending the evening with the doctor andNelly, and on his return home awild and terrible storm arose which scattered the branches of the trees around him and his affrighted horse, while the rain fell in torrents and drenched both man and steed. "I have never been out on such a night," thought Charley, "any shelter would be acceptable now, even the roof of the Haunted House itself." And just as the thought crossed his mind the lights in the windows of the Haunted House broke upon his vision, and at the same instant a large branch fell upon his horse's neck and killed the poor beast beneath the rider. " There is nothing for it now," thought he, "but to proceed to the Haunted House." And accordingly he went to that fatal place, where hewaa most cordially received and welcomed by the host, and there and then Charley saw the evil spirits. Nor had he been in their presence long when they began to exercise their terrible influence over him. They seemed to have changed his nature altogether. They forced him to laugh, sing, and dance about the place like a man demented —as surely he was—and then they made him quarrelsome, and at length furious and outrageous, and he dashed things and men about like straws, while he gave utterance to expressions that were appalling to hear. All his better nature was dead within him—killed, for the time being, by the dreadful spirits that haunted the place. The images of his beloved mother, of his dear sister, and of his adored. Nelly were all and each obliterated from his mind and from his heart, and he became a raging maniac. The evil spirits had him in their clutch, and God help the creature whom they lay hold of— God help them or they are lost. Well, months rolled away after that fatal night, and then it was known through the district that Charley was a constant visitor at the Haunted House ; and it was said that its evil influence was ruining his worldly prosperity and killing himself. His farm was neglected, so also were his mother and sister, and though he still loved Nelly tenderly his visits to her were less frequent; for how could he enter into the presence of the pure and gentle girl while the influence of the evil spirits was upon him ? and it too often happened that such was the case. Of course the fact of Charley's visiting the Haunted House reached Dr. Leechman's ears, and one evening as he and his daughter sat together the doctor said— "Nelly, my child, I wish to mention one fact to you j and although by speaking I know I shall cause you great pain, I cannot remain silent. I am sorry—am grieved to the heart to tell you that Charley frequents the Haunted House, and that its curse is upon him." "The Haunted House, papa?" cried the frightened girl, growing pale and clasping her hands. "The Haunted House, and its curse is upon him! But, papa—dear papa, when he and I are" . She paused, while her face grew crimson, and the doctor said, "When you and he are married, you were about to add, Ellen; but my dear, dear child, you must banish that thought from your mind, for I would rather see you in your winding sheet than see you the wife of the man who frequents the Hauntea House, the curse of which is upon him." A flood of teal's was the only response to these words, and father and daughter retired to their respective chambers, and the night was passed by one in sorrow and in weeping, for the curse of the Haunted House mid fallen upon the pure and loving heart of the fair and gentle girl. And so the match was broken off, and Charley then passed most of his time at the fatal house. His farm was altogether neglected, his mother died from sheer and bitter grief, and then a report was circulated that Nelly was* about to be married; and this idle gossip, for it was nothing more, produced a maddening effect upon Charley, who flew for comfort and consolation to the evil spirits at the Haunted House ; and they gave him comfort and consolation too. Yes, they frenzied his brain and made his heart as a mass of glowing metal, and in this state he proceeded to the residence ofDr. Leechman. Words, hot, bitter and angry words, passed between them, and the infuriated maniac—the man with the curse of the Haunted House upon him—drew a revolver and presenting it at the white-haired old man firedjust at the instant that Nelly, rushing from another room, threw herself between her father and her lover; and receiving the bullet in her breast, she fell dying into the old man's arms. I tell you that the evil spirits of the Haunted House laughed with joy when that shot was fired. Ay, and they shrieked and howled into the guilty blood-stained soul of their slave and victim, " We have you now, now and forever. Come with us. Away, away. Your race is run, for we will wait no longer." I tell you that they said all that, and more ; and how I know it is by the way he spoke, for he addressed them in the following manner: " You black-visaged host of perdition, what arc you shrieking and jibing and sneering around me here for ? What have I done to you, you foul and hideous fiends ? What have I done ? I'll not go with you. No, no. Let me alone. Oh ! oh! has hell commenced already? I'll not go ! I'll not! I'll escape from you all." And he rushed from the room, evidently unconscious of the terrible murder he had committed, for the girl whom he once had loved lay dead upon her father's breast. There had been very heavy floods, and the creek bubbled and boiled, and rolled down as a great river, and its deepest and most rapid portion was that which lay before the Haunted House; and there the banks were very precipitous, and to that spot the man with the curse of the Haunted House upon him ran, tossing his arms aloft and shouting as he went, "I'll escape from you alL I'm on the road to perdition, you can't come there. Ho! ho ! you can't come there !" And he dashed along the road up to the Haunted House, then diverged and rushed, the people following him, to the river bank; and there turning he shook his clenched fists and shrieked, " You can't follow me ; you can't follow me. I'm on the road to perdition." Then with one bound he disappeared from sight and was swallowed up in the boiling floodbeneath. Nelly was laid in her early grave, her father soon after followed her; and Charley's sister died, it was said, of a broken heart; and thus two families that might have enjoyed years of happiness were blotted out of existence by the curse of the Haunted House. 