THE CUP DAY. Melbourne has enjoyad its great annual holiday, and Tuesday, though materially injured by the weather, still, like the archangel fallen, retained the elements of its splendour, and was Cup Day. There is a unanimous testimony that the attendance was larger than ever. The race of the day could not be more exciting, and as to the rain, the only thing is to treat such an affliction lightly. The V.R.C. have done everything else for their patrons, and they cannot help that. The city wakes on Tuesday in a dubious mood. Anxiety prevails equally in sporting hotels and in suburban villas. The Monday evening has closed wet and gusty. More rain may alter the chances of the horses, and men who have betted heavily are nervous as to the wisdom of their choice. Cold and showers also may render impossible the display on the lawn of those toilettes which have drawn crowds round fashionable milliners’ for a week past, to say nothing of the mysterious fabrications —born in Paris or in secresy—of which the world has heard in hints. The question, “Will it clear up?” puzzles the wisest, for though the glass rises, the sky is overcast and the clouds hang low, and there is no wind to dispel them. As the morning wears on the decision has to be made. “Hope springs eternal in the human breast,” and it does not appear that one person in a thousand is diverted by the sombre prospect. “It never rains on Cup day” is an assertion that affords solace to the community. On ordinary occasions a more prudent forecast might be made, for the male section of the community would deliver an unbiassed judgment, but man is nothing at the Cup. The day is dedicated to woman and to the horse, and the latter cannot stop away, and the former will not. Man can but follow in their train. And so before the invisible sun has reached its highest the last polishing touch of the cloth has been applied to the favourite, who is conducted to the course, and the last touch of pearl powder visits the cheek of the belle, who is handed to the carriage. The pains of preparation have been equal. Which result is the more effective must remain a matter of opinion. Which has involved the greater cost is rarely known, for the gods are merciful, and few men are required to lead out at Flemington both a toilette and a thoroughbred. At noon the Melbourne swarm is alighting thickly on Flemington. The trains that are running in and are moving out are as long as so many sea serpents. The vehicles form a double line, and crowds find it a matter of interest to watch lovely apparitions descend from barouche and landau, shake themselves out, and mount the steps from the paddock to the stand. In an hour or so it is possible to form an opinion whether the Cup is maintaining its prestige and attracting as largely as over, and there can be no mistake about the verdict. There is not a seat vacant on the whole length of the grand stand. The mass on the bill is certainly in excess of the old dimensions, and on the flat the crowd is deeper and goes further down the straight running than has been seen before. The hours on Cup Day are short, and the life of the day is soon at its height. Ladies are found places, and gentlemen go to meet their friends. You see everybody and you lose everybody with equal ease. Bank managers and theatrical managers, governors of colonies, squatters from the Barcoo, all Riverina, almost every Melbourne doctor, the Collins-street shopkeeper, departmental heads, professional politicians, the soft- goods trade, and every other trade—all are there. There is hand-shaking and shoulder-clapping going on, on the part of old friends and acquaintances who would never see each other for years, if they would ever meet again, but for these occasions. The course is the rendezvous for the north, south, east, and west of Australia. At every other yard a knot forms itself into a group, with a man shaking a hat as its centre, and the sweep is drawn, for no one on Cup Day but will yield to the seductive influences of a sweep. In the grand stand itself this business goes merrily on, for “every woman is at heart a rake,” and there would be discontent if the lady had not some horse to look for, and to be interested about. In the saddling-paddock, the glossy skinned thoroughbreds, with their muscles standing out and their veins visible, are receiving attention. Smiths are filing shoes. Jockeys are trying the length of their stirrups. Grooms are rinsing the mouths of their charges from sodawater bottles, and each quadruped has its group of critics and admirers. But the fiercest life of all is about the scratching-board, where the ring has fixed its head-quarters. “I will lay 4 to 1, bar 1;” “5 to 2 on the field;” “I will lay against anything in the race”—is the simple eloquence of the market-place, uttered by energetic, hard- featured men, who are never silent and never still, but are darting hither and thither among the equally restless crowd. The Maiden Plate over, and what proves to be the best period of the day arrives. The clouds lighten, rain ceases to drop, and “I told you there “ would be a break for the Cup” is the congratulation which is in everybody’s mouth. The ladies stream from under cover and take the lawn. The ladies of fashion let down their trains as the peacock expands its tail, and of the two the train for the Flemington lawn is a good deal the longer. (What new arrival from the moon would suppose that the plain simple thing in a tweed suit by the side of the gorgeous creature was its mate!) None but the misogynist will venture to say that the lawn at this moment is not a pretty sight. There are gaudy and outré costumes, horrors of black, yellow, and red, but the soft shades of green, blue, and mauve are predominant, and give their chastened character to the scene, and the moving groups intermix the colours each moment as the lines change in dissolving views. Pity that the time for display ahould be so small. For £200 spent on a dress a lady is fairly entitled to a show of 200 minutes, and no one obtained sixty. The lawn attractions are at their height when the bell rings aloud for another race, this time the Railway Stakes, to be won by a horse whose victory causes a joyous shout, for he bears the popular colours of Sir Hercules Robinson. The bars are deserted, the ring for a moment ceases its babel, a deeper hum comes from the hill and flat, and the horses canter down to the starter’s flag. Look at the gay lawn; at the stand, brilliant as a verbena-bed; at the clustering thousands and tens of thousands around, intent on the thoroughbreds chafing and straining at the post, and you see good-humoured, wealthy, excitement-seeking Melbourne in the midst of its enjoyment of Cup Day. The rain comes to spoil everything. A few drops are ignored, but soon there is a steady drizzle which cannot be despised, and which abruptly breaks up carriage luncheons, empties the lawn, and covers the hill with umbrellas, so that it looks as though a crop of mushrooms had risen from the soil in a moment. The crowds inside the course appear to be destitute of movable shelter accommodation, but men, women, and children remain firmly at their posts, determined not to budge until the Cup is run. All the disadvantage is not with them, for the crowding and the heat in the grand stand are so great that more than one lady faints, and a lady who faints in the back seats of the stand is in an awkward predicament for herself and her companions. Every occupation, except that of the barmaids, is carried on under inconvenience. But races are independent of everything but time. The Kensington Stakes are run in the wet, and the fated 4 o’clock approaches. The Ring, indifferent to the downpour, grows more vociferous with offers to “lay on the Melbourne Cup,” “5 to 1 bar 1,” “100 to 6 against Vagabond,” and “6 to 1 against Chester.” The last bets are made, the final sweeps are drawn, a lull opportunely occurs in the drizzle, and people take up their positions. Men who come for pleasure, or who “have not much on,” join their wives and parties to point out the horses as they take their canter. The dark horse with the pigmy boy upon him—too small a child he looks to keep his seat, let alone to guide a racer— is the favourite Savanaka. That one playing up as he goes by, ridden in blue- and-white, is the Derby winner, Chester. His jockey, after a fight (fore legs in the air), masters him, and he starts off, pulling double. The pink with black cap is the colt Pluto, upon whom there has been a rush this morning. The yellow and black of Amendment are unmistakable. So they sweep on, and as they go reserved men, with feelings too deep for words, seek out coigns of vantage from which to view every incident of the struggle. Whatever happens they will “just have cleared themselves.” Every mercantile or office man or civil servant just does, and he smiles pleasantly as he talks to his friend or his banker on the subject. But these are after-reflections. The last horse is out, and the course is silent. There are myriads of people, and expectation suppresses every sound. A roar from the flat is taken up on the hill. They are off. They come sweeping past the stand, and turn the corner. The King is leading, but it does not matter who. The favourite is well placed. Round they go a moving mass of colour. A roar announces that Savanaka is gone to the front; a shout tells that he has fallen back. In the straight running “The Vagabond” is the cry. No! the jockey is flogging hard, and, “Chester,” “Chester,” “Savanaka” are the yells. The Derby winner is leading, with “The Vag” second. Savanaka, three lengths behind, springs under the whip like a greyhound from the leash. The Vagabond is left as though standing still, Chester is caught, the yells increase, the favourite still gains and gains, but Chester’s head is first past the winning post—and the Cup is over. A good deal of history, a good deal of excitement, and a good deal of loss and gain, have been compressed into 3 minutes 33 seconds. DESERTED MELBOURNE, By An Eremite. How I came to be a lonely wayfarer in the deserted streets of Melbourne on the afternoon of the Cup Day is, like that miser’s charity, nothing to nobody. Perhaps I had been reading Zimmerman on Solitude, and wanted to enter into the spirit of the work. Perhaps I was anxious to comprehend the feelings of Alexander Selkirk when he was monarch of all he surveyed on the island of Juan Fernandez. Perhaps I had a haunting recollection of that city in the Eastern story, the inhabitants whereof had been turned into stone, and I wished to ascertain by analogous experience the impression produced upon the mind of the awe- stricken traveller who was the first to invade the awful silence of its vacant thoroughfares. Perhaps I was afflicted with a morbid desire to realise that sentiment of utter isolation from the world which was experienced by the monk on one of the mountains of the Levant, who listened with a half-curious, half-incredulous air to Mr. Curzon’s matter-of-fact description of a woman. Perhaps I had a vagrant fancy for obtaining a vivid idea of the stillness and desolation of Cyprus, in the 14th century, when the Black Death made a clean sweep of its inhabitants, and when captainless and crewless ships drifted away from their moorings in the port, and made aimless voyages on their own account up and down the Mediterranean. Perhaps I am sullen and misanthropical, and derive a morose pleasure from wandering through the streets of Melbonrne on the only day in the year upon which, for a few hours at least, one is tolerably secure of meeting no human being of either sex. Perhaps I would like to familiarise myself with the aspect which a Scottiah city must have presented in the good old times on the weary waesome Sabbath, when it was reputed sinful to stir abroad, and the stillness of death was supposed to be the nearest earthly approximation to heavenly rest. I make the reader a present of the whole of these hypotheses, from which he can make his own selection. Enough to say that I stood alone in Melbourne in the afternoon of yesterday, feeling like a pelican in the wilderness, or a shipwrecked mariner clinging to a hencoop in the midst of a wild, wild waste of weltering waters, or St. Simeon Stylites perched on the top of his pillar, or a solitary Bedouin urging his camel across the desert, and discerning no glimpse of man or beast in any direction as he scans the dreadful sameness of the glaring round of shimmering sand and burnished sky. When Wordsworth composed his famous sonnet on London, as seen from one of the bridges at 4 o’clock in the morning, he exclaimed “Dear God! the very houses seem asleep, and all that mighty heart is lying still!” But this drowsiness was natural enough at such a time. What is so unnatural and oppressive here is to see all the houses asleep, and their eyes, or windows, “sealed” in slumber, at 4 o’clock in the afternoon of a working day. And as you move down the shady side of Collins- street, and stop automatically before a shop into which on other days you are accustomed to turn about this hour from the mere force of habit, the silence and impenetrability of the wooden barricade that shuts you out are quite gruesome. “No dog is at the threshold, great or small ; No pigeon on the roof—no household creature— No cat demurely dosing on the wall— Not one domestic feature. “No human figure stirs, to go or come, No face looks forth from shut or open casement; No chimney smokes—there is no sign of home From parapet to basement.” Your footfall on the pavement awakens a hollow, ghostly echo, reminding you of the sound produced by the four-footed spectre in Bloomfield’s homely narrative of the Pakenham Ghost; and you cannot avoid casting a backward glance over one shoulder, to make sure that nobody is following you. But where is he, she, or it to come from? Everybody is at Flemington, or if there be any absentees from the racecourse, they have gone down to Brighton beach to hear what the wild waves and Mr Varley are saying, and to indulge in the harmless dissipation of a little weak tea and a good deal of strong theology. I can stand in the middle of Bourke-street, if I choose, and revolve a complicated problem in metaphysics, and no cart, carriage, cab, or coach will interrupt my cogitations. I can saunter at a snail’s pace over the crossings with absolute safety. I could indulge in the wildest eccentricities, and Mrs. Grundy would never hear of them. She is at this moment trailing the train of her dress upon the lawn in front of the grand stand. A vagrant impulse directs my steps to Flinders-lane. The warehouses resemble so many mausoleums in their grim stillness, and the rats are enjoying themselves in the gutters outside. They eye me with a mixture of anger and astonishment, which they are at no pains to conceal, as who should say, “What does this insolent intruder here?” They are having Isthmian games of their own, in which the younger members of the subterranean family have been invited to participate, and feeling that I am an interloper, I hastily retreat. As I re-enter Elizabeth- street, I experience the same shock which Robinson Crusoe underwent when he saw the impression of the negro’s splay foot upon the sand. There is a human being in the distance. He, too, is as much astonished as myself, and gives a little start; although he is professionally and habitually impassive. He wears a helmet, and has a “martial stalk,” like the ghost of Hamlet’s father. Shall I accost him, or shall I pass him coldly by, as the author of “Eothen” did the officer in the English shooting jacket whom he met while crossing the desert? I begin to feel the awfulness of the civic solitude, and would like to exchange a few words with the other eremite; but I have never been introduced to the blue- coated guardian of the peace, and I have too much of British morgue to admit of my conversing with him in the absence of this indispensable preliminary, and so I maintain the even tenour of my way in stiff and solemn taciturnity. The long vista of Elizabeth street, looking northward, is given over to dismal desolation. Not a trace of traffic is visible. It is true, there are three or four forlorn-looking cabs in the middle of the street, but they seem to be anchored there. The barefooted itinerants who, about this hour are usually littering the pavement with aspirates dropped from the title of the evening paper, are far away, like the “young barbarians” of the Dacian gladiator. The loafers who ordinarily fill the air that eddies round the street corners with the reek of cheap tobacco are missed from their accustomed places, and for once the flagstones are stainless. No alfresco fruit stalls exhibit their pyramids of gritty oranges, powdery cherries, and arenaceous strawberries, by way of temptation to those who do not object to eat the inevitable peck of dirt in large instalments. Fruiterers and dirt-eaters have met to-day upon the racecourse. But an adventurous Italian has planted his ice-cream barrow on the edge of the roadway, and shelters himself from the dreary drizzle under the bright awning. Aqui sì gela, oggi, he mutters from the force of habit, as he strokes his black moustache; but nobody could think of eating ices on such a day without a shudder; and no palace will lift to eternal summer its marble walls from out a glossy bower of coolest foliage musical with birds by means of the profits which the Italian sorbettiere will make to-day. On turning up Bourke-street in an easterly direction, I came upon a thin rivulet of people—mostly from the suburbs, I fancy— languidly flowing up and down the south side, between the Royal and the Victoria Arcades. In each of these there is also a stagnant pool of strangers, few in number, but of obviously sedentary habits. They sit, as motionless as so many Egyptian statues, steadily staring into the opposite windows, and turning a deaf ear to the importunate invitations of a vigilant showman, who entreats them to spend 6d. in seeing a “Parnorarmer of the ’Oly Land.” All the public houses in Bourke-street are open, but silent. You look in at the door of one and behind the bar you see a gloomy-looking man, with his elbows poised upon the shining metal counter, which glitters with inverted tumblers, and is not defaced either by rings of liquor or mounds of cigar ash. His chin rests heavily upon his podgy hands, the fingers of which are hooped with massive rings, after the manner of bar-tenders and Royal Princes, and he gazes abstractedly into space. He is not poetical—at least, he doesn’t look like it; but you cannot help feeling that his sensations of dreariness are akin to those of Mariana in the moated grange, and that the blue-fly singing in the pane, and the mouse shrieking from behind the wainscot, make his life a burden to him just now. Moreover, he has something on the Cap, and about this time the horses are mustering for the start. Close by is a restaurant, which on other days is populous with customers, and redolent of culinary odours, innumerable and indescribable —odours that no chemist could analyse, odours that you might cut with a knife, odours such as in their mysterious combination baffle all description; but to-day the place is scentless and silent. Strongly entrenched behind a fortification of buns, tarts, cheese-cakes, Victorian sandwiches, Napoleons, sausage-rolls, shortbread, and “stuffed monkeys,” sits a young lady who is dozing over “The Salad of a Solitary.” At the unexpected apparition of a purchaser of pastry, her eyes become the dots of two large notes of admiration—typographically, and not aesthetically speaking—and she waits upon you with a dainty deliberateness, a long- drawn, leisurely, lingering dilation of the trifling business in hand which are altogether antithetical to her brisk and volatile flippancy on other days, when she takes the mouth of the paper-bag by the two corners, whirls it round with the velocity of a wind mill in a heavy gale, tosses your silver into the drawer, and turns to the next comer with a curt “What is it?” that is almost awe- inspiring. Beyond the shop is the long diningroom, with rows of empty chairs and vacant tables, where the flies are masters of the situation, and where the guests are not met, and the feast is not set, and there is no din, merry or otherwise. In the wan, watery light of this miserable afternoon the place looks as gloomy as a grave-yard. Turning into Swanston-street, you pass a few wayfarers who have taken shelter from the rain under the verandahs; and their countenances are as sodden as the sky. Little Collins-street, with the monumental stoneyard filling up the middle distance, is aa cheerful as a dilapidated cemetery. The offices of the police-court practitioners are closed; and you wonder what has become of the shabby-looking seedy men who are always hovering about the doors upon other days,—process-servers, messengers, bailiffs waiting to be put in possession, and queer waifs and strays of society who are ready to earn a shilling anyhow, or to take a drink at anybody’s expense;— men “whom the vile blows and buffets of the world have so incensed, that they are reckless what they do to spite the world.” Have they all gone down to Flemington; and do they feel a malignant pleasure in spotting some of the gorgeous butterflies who are already in the hands of the money-lenders, and over whose heads hang numerous swords of Damocles, in the shape of bills of sale, judgments confessed, acceptances renewed at usurious rates of interest, and so forth? The “black care” that sits behind the modern horseman might be depicted, I think, as a man with watery eyes and a thickness of speech, who smells of rum and tobacco, and who insists upon having the best of your larder and cellar, while he is in possession of your “sticks” as the representative of a judgment creditor. Strolling through Rusaell-street, which is quite deserted, into the Chinese quarter, in Little Bourke-street, I find that the Asiatic colony have no affection for horse-racing. They are making holiday, but their idea of pastime seems to consist in standing at their front doors or squatting on the steps and entering into a lively conversation with their neighbours over the way. Mr. Sen Hung Hang Ah Kim—whose name suggests the materials for a tragic story—exchanges what are evidently Mongolian pleasantries with Long Yet Ah Mon—who must surely be of Scottish descent. A broad grin irradiates the countenances of both, and a ripple of laughter runs up both sides of the street, and does not stop till it reaches the last Chinaman within earshot. Just inside the open door of what appears to be a wholesale house there is a whole family engaged in animated gossip. Two young girls, with eyes as dark as midnight and magnificent masses of purple black hair, hanging in long braids almost down to the feet, are enjoying the antics of a baby brother, and there is something strangely incongruous between their scrupulous cleanliness, combined with the superior quality of their attire and their squalid surroundings, in so far as the neighbourhood is concerned. From a Chinaman who spoke pidgeon English, I learned that they regard the Cap Day as a great religious festival among the Christian barbarians, and suppose that we believe the performances of the horses to be a sort of solemn rite which is highly acceptable to the national Joss. Such is heathen darkness! By the time my conversation with the Asiatic is over, the post-office clock has struck five, and when I get back into Bourke-street the whole scene has changed. It ia no longer a city of the dead, but of the living. The reflux has commenced from Flemington. The transformation is as magical as that which took place when the handsome young prince kissed the sleeping beauty, as she lay “a perfect form in perfect rest,” in those wonderful palace chambers of hers, when the charm was snapt, and there immediately arose— A noise of striking clocks, And feet that ran, and doors that clapt, And barking dogs, and crowing cocks. The maid and page renewed their strife, The palace bang’d, and buzz’d, and clack’t, And all the long-pent stream of life Dash’d downward in a cataract. THE RAIL. From Burke and Wills’ monument, in the forenoon, one could see that the west end of Collins-street was black with spots— spots in motion, cars and waggonettes bound to the Spencer-street railway station. There was, therefore, no indication of a bad attendance, and preparations made in vain. As the weather happened to be only dull, not wet, numbers walked to the station, and the way was blocked with toll-bars, kept by girls and boys who had race cards to sell, and were determined to do a good trade. The Railway department, not advised by the department which has charge of the skies that we were to have a wet Cup day, for once was in readiness for immense traffic. From the most distant stations on the principal lines spare carriages were called in, and the fears of the assistant traffic manager were not that he had made insufficient provision for the rush to the racecourse, but that he had left some of the large towns empty. All would have gone well had there not been three unhappy breakdowns at Spencer-street at the time the rush was at its height. Between 11 and 12, the springs of no less than four carriages (two in one train) gave way, and the trains had to be held back until the disabled stock could be shunted out of the way. Meantime the platforms got overcrowded with impatient passengers, and the ticket-office between the street and the platform became a sort of purgatory. The rule was to hold people back in the streets until the platforms were relieved, but apparently the doorkeepers were not aware of the mishaps that had occurred to the train, and they let the public stream into the ticket room until it waa filled. The ventilation quickly showed itself unequal to the demand made upon it, and some desperate fellows were about to break down the platform doors when relief came. Though we have spoken of the ticket-room, it must not be supposed that there was only one place for the sale of tickets. All the arrangements of the department were well made, and had it not been for accidents which nobody could foresee, no complaints would have been heard. The department had 12 trains on the racecourse lines, and despatched one after the other as quickly as the carriages were filled. The station was chiefly given up to racecourse traffic, and the ordinary trains were sent away from outside platforms. By the date of the next Cup race it is to be hoped that the station accommodation will be enlarged. The presont platforms are of insufficient length, and few or none of them afford space for more than eight or nine carriages. Several of the trains yesterday consisted of 10 or 12 carriages, so that passengers often had to walk along narrow planks to get to seats. Once the Government makes up its mind whether or not Spencer-street is to be the site of the central station, all the defects noticeable yesterday will be remedied. There will be platforms of proper length and proper numbers, and the department will show that it is equal to extraordinary as well as to ordinary demands. We are not yet satisfied with the way in which tickets are sold, because due pains are not taken to prevent crushes at the windows, but as the station only professes to be a temporary arrangement, we can wait for the perfect plans which the officials are no doubt capable of executing. Up to the time that the trains returned from the course, the exact amount of the traffic had not been ascertained. Mr. Anderson, the assistant traffic manager, who himself went out in the 48th train, estimated the passengers taken on this occasion as even more than in 1876, and the returns, when made up, justified his opinion. The total number of passengers carried yesterday was 37,244, against 35,000 conveyed to the course by rail last year. There was a tremendous rush on the return trains as soon as the Cup race was over. By that time, as other portions of the present narrative will show, the clouds had determined they would hold up the rain no longer, and so they let the floods descend upon the very imperfectly protected spectators in a way which showed they had a mind to make up for the arrears of the past 15 or 20 hours. From the Hill and the Lawn people hurried to the railway platforms in thousands. It was as much as police and porters could do to see that they passed through the gates with their umbrellas down. The Hill ticket-office, provided with only one window open, was blockaded. No system exists with us. People don’t fall into line, but make for the open window from all sides. The window in this instance was difficult of approach, but there was nobody to see that persons went up to it on one side and left on the other. The consequence was that for nearly half an hour, in the midst of a heavy fall of rain, there was an almost inceesant struggle for places. Some very important personages had to fight for positions. A portly member of the opera company, generally used to have plenty of room, was terribly squeezed, and seemed to be glad to escape with his umbrella safe. Within 15 minutes from the hour that the Cup race was over, three long trains were despatched for Melbourne. They greatly relieved the pressure, and people who waited for the late races got to town in comparative comfort. THE ROAD, The road to the Flemington Course on a Cup Day presents a spectacle which can be seen only on the one day in the year. Though, doubtless, the majority of visitors choose the rail as the most easy and expeditious mode of reaching the course, there are thousands who prefer the pleasures and dangers of the road. The drive is but a short one of four or five miles, and the road is not remarkable for the beauty of the surrounding scenery. There is not the scope for brilliant description which has been afforded by the drive to Epsom on the Derby Day in the old country, but still in a modest way the road on the Cup Day does present some characteristic features. A spectator would find amusement in watching the interminable line of vehicles, and noting the diversity of appearance presented by them. For the two or three hours before the commencement of the races there was a constant succession of carriages, cabs, and vehicles of the most varied description, for the road is patronised not only by the fortunate owners of elegant barouches, broughams, and carriages of the most expensive kind, but by the possessors of vehicles which have a workaday use as well as a holiday one. Drays with fine teams of greys, chesnuts, or bays— and there were several of these dashing turn- outs, noticeable among which was His Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson’s—would be followed by the neat dogcart of the sporting butcher, or the useful, though not handsome, delivery waggon of the grocer. The equipages of the wealthy threaded swiftly their way among the more cumbrous class of conveyances need by those less richly endowed with this world’s goods, but all were bent on the same holiday errand. Not a few furniture vans carrying there score or so of occupants, might be seen, and here and there the capacious lorry, drawn by horses of weight and endurance, if not of speed. Besides these private conveyances— for all must come under that category—there were the vehicles for the accommodation of the general public, the waggonette for the family party, the hansom, fitted for two, and the Albert car, familiarly known as the “jingle,” and a type now happily rapidly disappearing. Nor must the omnibuses be omitted. Following the practice adopted last year, and encouraged by the success the experiment then met with, the omnibus company ran a line of omnibuses to the course, and this mode of conveyance was patronised by large numbers. Their arrangements were well carried out, and overcrowding was avoided. The omnibuses followed each other in rapid succession. From 10 o’clock to noon there was a constant line of not less than a dozen of these vehicles in front of the omnibus office, each one as it was filled moving off and is place being taken by another. Usually the great drawback of the road is the plague of dust, but yesterday no complaint could be made of that kind. The gentle rain which fell in the morning effectually laid the dust, and the road being still hard, the drive out was pleasant, though not exhilarating for outside passengers. But on the return journey matters were much worse. The road, softened by the heavier rain which had fallen in the afternoon, had been churned by the unceasing traffic into a sea of mud, and the jaded horses had hard work to perform their homeward journey A few temporary breakdowns occurred, and there was one case of a runaway pair of horses, but there were no accidents of a serious nature. THE GRAND STAND AND LAWN. The Cup Day has become one of the chief festivals in the season of fashion. Ladies who are not votaries of racing recognise its claims, for it affords an opportunity for display which is too valuable to be neglected. The grand stand and lawn on the Cup Day present a sight fit—to use on old saying—for gods and men, most certainly for the latter. This year the spectacle was to eclipse all previous efforts. Rumour told of dresses so valuable that no place less secure than the strong-room of a bank could be found wherein to deposit them. The highest results of Parisian skill were to be introduced. Rumour even told of dresses to be fringed with jewels, and hung about with gold, and of special police protection being invoked to guard the wearers of these wonderful costumes. But l’homme propose, &c.; The ladies had done their part towards making the spectacle a brilliant one, even though in some of the instances referred to Rumour upheld her reputation as a lying jade. The weather, however, unfortunately, interfered with all calculations, and marred entirely the effectiveness of the display. Gentle showers fell during the first hour or two, not heavy enough to sop the promenades of those who were not to be deterred by the dampness of the lawn, and during this time a slight idea might be gained of what the spectacle would have been under more favourable auspices. But long before the Cup race the weather became worse, and ram fell with a steady persistency which not only confined the ladies closely to the stand, but drove the gentlemen also to any shelter available. The wind was cold enough also to cause many of the ladies to don their cloaks, and thus the brilliant colours of their costumes were concealed beneath the sombre grey or brown of the outward covering. The accommodation in the stand was not nearly sufficient for all those desirous of seeking its shelter. All the passages were crowded so that movement about was impossible. The new stand erected in the saddling-paddock relieved the crush to some extent whilst the races were being run, but as there was no covering overhead it afforded no protection against the weather. The number present was so great that many hundreds perforce had to stand out in the rain, and bear the discomfort as best they might. Nothing but the pleasure of picking the winners was a sufficient recompense. His Excellency Sir George Bowen, Mr. Weld, the Governor of Tasmania, and the party from Government-house reached the course shortly before the first race. His Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson and party arrived earlier. Many of the visitors left the course after the Cup race was over, and the attendance had perceptibly thinned by the time the last race was run. THE DRESSES. It waa not to be expected, with such a threatening appearance in the weather, that the ladies would have put on their best and brightest, and consequently the lawn and grand stand did not wear such a gorgeous look as is usually the case when the Cup is run for. At an early hour in the morning the sun looked as if he would break through his lowering clouds and shed a warm glow on the course, and there were some few ladies who were induced to believe in his false promises, and array themselves in dresses of light and gauzy material. They, however, regretted their misplaced confidence long before the race of the day was run. The majority of ladies, possibly having some little knowledge of the working of the barometer, had carefully clothed themselves in garments of sombre hue, and also made sure that their shawls and waterproof cloaks were not far distant. There were some gentlemen who were apparently under the impression that it was to be a dusty day, and had clothed themselves in silk dust coats, but they found before the close of the meeting that a mackintosh would have been far more suitable. These latter garments were not wanting among the ladies, as one or two were seen leaving the grand stand with some very “natty” white mackintoshes on their shoulders. Although the unfavourable weather no doubt had the effect of preventing many of the handsomest dresses from being worn at the meeting, there were still a very large number which attracted considerable attention. It was rumoured that two ladies who had generally been foremost in the gorgeousness of their attire would have eclipsed themselves this time. It was stated that the dresses would cost at least four figures, and, of course, both ladies and gentlemen were anxious to see costumes that had been the talk of the town for months past. It transpired, however, that these dresses—which had been ordered from Worth, of Paris—were to have arrived by the last mail steamer, but, unfortunately, they did not do so, and the ladies in question were therefore unable or unwilling to appear. Among the more noticeable dresses seen on the lawn during the intervals between the showers were the following:— A lady, who is well-known as one of the leaders of fashion, wore a blue silk princess robe, trimmed with gauzy fabric of the same colour, and Valenciennes lace arranged in gauffered flounces, alternating with pleetings round the bottom. Scarfs of gauze and lace were folded across the front of the skirt, and fell in pointed shawl form over the train. There was a collar and cuffs of Valenciennes lace, with bonnet to match. An attractive costume was one of very rich silk, in a beautiful shade of bronze, the skirt being handsomely trimmed with silk and velvet to match, together with a magnificent fringe of chenille and silk. The bonnet had a light shade of pink, which relieved the otherwise sombre richness of the dress. Another most elegant and unique costume was one of the very palest tint of green. The robe had a long train handsomely trimmed with a gathered full flounce, and pelisse kiltings, the garniture being of damasse silk. The same shade was brought in soft drapery across the front, and was brought very tightly back, displaying the artistic folds of front trimming, and showing the train to perfection. A most noticeable and greatly admired dress—admired for its rich simplicity, and also for its suitability to the elegant though petite figure of the wearer—was a very rich silk of two new shades of blue and tilleul. The dress was in a new shape, and was trimmed very prettily, with rich embroidered lace to correspond. Another very becoming costume was one of a light shade of drab, with a long fan-shaped train. The front was richly trimmed with brocaded coloured silk, and handsome fringe to match A ruching of drab brocaded and pink silk was caught lightly back, and finished with large coquillion of drab-faced and pink silk, a cuirasse body of brocaded silk completing a magnificent costume. A particularly attractive costume was one with a skirt of a handsome shade of brown, with a very long train, elaborately trimmed with fringe, a polonaise of blue and brown brocaded silk, a coquillion of Maltese lace, with brown and blue ribbon up the front. One of the most handsome costumes on the lawn, and one which attracted an extraordinary amount of attention the previous day m one of the principal Bourke-street drapery windows, was a dress of geranium- coloured silk, with watteau-plaited train. It consisted of a very handsomely- trimmed robe, princesse of same material, across the front of which was draped in rich folds a scarf of French silk grenadine, most elaborately embroidered with field flowers and wheat ears, from which depended a massive fringe of colours representing every shade observable in the embroidery. A dress that was much admired was one of lavender, the under skirt being of plain rich silk, trimmed with the same material round the bottom, finished on each side with wings of violet silk. The upper part was a handsome robe, cut very long and gracefully, and of the same shade as the under skirt, from which depended a handsome fringe. The costume was a most ladylike one. There were several handsome muslin costumes. One of them was of a pretty light green, elaborately made and trimmed with Valenciennes lace and insertion. The front was trimmed with a diagonal row of cream-coloured bows. The dress, as a whole, was very light, and exceedingly pretty and youthful-looking. A very noticeable costume was one in the style known as Louis XIV., in pale blue brocade. The train was finished in a number of serrated points, which, falling upon a very rich petticoat of dark brown, completed a very charming and ladylike costume. A dress that was also much admired consisted of a grey silk skirt, with polonaise of grey damask to match, trimmed with heavy chenille fringe. Those who approved of dark colours were much pleased with a dress of black. with black feather trimming and rose pink sash. A very handsome dress was that worn by a lady who is celebrated for her taste in these matters. It consisted of a pale blue silk robe, trimmed round the bottom with fine pleetings of the same material, and a flounce edged with seven vari-coloured cordings, corresponding to the colours of the embroidery on a scarf of light fabric, which was arranged in folds covering the greater part of the skirt. Both the design and colouring of the embroidery were very beautiful, introducing a delicate tracing of small ferns, with bouquets of wheat ears and poppies all worked in natural shades of colour. The bodice had the varied tints introduced to match. The parasol was of blue lace, trimmed with bouquets of wheat-ears and poppy buds, and edged by a fringe of blue flowers. The bonnet was composed of blue lace and pearls, mixed with silk and handsome blue feathers and bouquet of flowers. Another very handsome dress was one of light green silk, trimmed with lemon and olive green with bands of embroidery. The latter was of shaded green and lemon, with small red flowers running through. The bonnet was trimmed to match, with light green feathers and flowers of same colour as the embroidery. One young lady wore a handsome prune-coloured robe of silk, trimmed with the same material, over which was a polonaise of Algerian striped material, very stylish-looking, the ground being of a cream shade, with silk stripes introducing narrow lines of green and red. The polonaise was trimmed with fringe of cream colour, having small green and red tassels, interspersed and ornamented with tricoloured bows of prune green and red. An elegant costume was one of pale grey silk made in the newest style, the front and sides of the skirt being trimmed in lines from the waist downwards with embroidery worked in shades of grey like a delicate pencilling, which contrasted beautifully with the shade of the dress. The train was trimmed with pleatings and flounces. The bodice was trimmed with embroidery to match the skirt, and with grey feathers. A somewhat sombre but elegant dress was one of olive green silk, trimmed with tilluel or lemon shade. The bodice was cut in semi-princess style, and had deep lapelles on each side, trimmed with bands of tilluel and embroidery. A very handsome dress was one of blue silk, trimmed with kiltings and box pleatings, the pleatings being lined with light green. A broad blue scarf in deep folds was taken diagonally across the front, a long end, or what might be termed second train, drooped behind very gracefully. Both this and the scarf were trimmed with broad cream coloured Maltese lace, headed by an embroidered trimming in shades of green and blue. The bodice was edged by a narrower lace to match that on the skirt, and was also headed with embroidery. The sleeves and collar were trimmed with the two colours in silk. There were numerous other costumes, but the rain came down so heavily that the majority of the ladies who visited the grand stand brought their wrappers into use at an early hour, and the lawn soon displayed a very sombre appearance. THE HILL. We got on exceedingly well on the hill until the rain began. There was an immense attendance and considerable fun. The turf was well grassed, the refreshment stalls well attended, and a number of rustic logs had been considerately set down for us to Bit upon. If the club had provided forms they might have been broken, and chairs might have been put to improper uses by the men who wished to bet. Now nobody could damage the trunks of gum trees, and it would have taken 20 men to shift them, let alone run away with them. The gum tree logs were signs of thriftiness— they were not bad to sit upon at lunch time, when we collected upon them, in line, and deposited our bags and baskets upon the ground. In the absence of trees, the logs made the scene seem rural, and the accommodation was too homely for those who obtained seats to look with contempt upon those who had to stand. Apropos of the bettors, a notice was posted in several conspicuous places which warned folks that they must not bring chairs or boxes upon the ground, or it they found any there which were not their own, they must not stand upon them. This was an indirect intimation from the club that nobody would be allowed to elevate himself above the people and lay wagers, and was not meant as a threat to the owners of fruit-stalls. On the hill, as it happened, very few of the lower orders of the ring found employment. The hill people did not complain. Aa a rule they prefer sweeps to bets, and for the two or three hours that preceded the Cup, or rather the rain, sweeps were entered into in abundance. The railway porters got up sweeps, and even some of the police carried programmes and pencils. Sweeps were got up by a number of professionals, who felt that they could not trade as bookmakers. They issued tickets, which were quickly snapped up by customers who never stopped to inquire what percentage of the receipts would be deducted by the promoters, or who had been appointed to draw the winning horse. What distinguishes the racecourses of the colonies is the fewness of the extra amusements. It is possible, in Melbourne, to take a carriage to the Cup, and be safe from the intrusions of gipsies or negro minstrels, who come partly to collect coppers, partly to pick up unconsidered trifles. “This is more,” said our travelled legislator, “than they can say of the Derby. Why there,” he went on to say, “they came round the carriages in crowds, and if you don’t put a lock on the doors they will even empty the sodawater bottles, and leave you without a pick-me-up for the drive home.” This admirable paucity of extras certainly improves one’s enjoyment of the Cup race. One is able, even on the hill, to give the mind up entirely to sweeps. Short-haired men might stick a dozen iron pins in the ground, and stand with a thumbful of rings to challenge us to put one on out of six, and completely break them, but we felt we could forbear. Though they could put on every one of the half-dozen, we knew we could not put on one; we were much more clever at taking the winner of the Cup out of somebody’s hat than at ringing pins. Some time before the Cup two or three drops of rain fell to warn the myriads on the hill to telegraph home for their overcoats, but, alas, most of them knew it was too late to prepare for bad weather They had covered the slopes which overlooked the stand and the saddling paddock, and they stood thick along the crest of the ridge. The front ranks had taken comfortable seats on the long soft grass. There was only one direction in which they could move—downwards —but a stone wall surmounted by broken glass, told them that it would be dangerous to attempt to slide down hill. Then the rain began to fall with hard-hearted earnestness, and umbrellas proved an incomplete protection. Not more than a third of the 30,000 or 40,000 who were supposed to be on the hill—we don’t say, in the absence of a census, that there were only 40,000— were provided with proper appliances to withstand a deluge. Most of them had pooh-poohed the fears of the timid that there would be rain, and came armed with sticks or buttonhole flowers, which they found of no avail whatever when the showers set in. But some had brave hearts, others knew where to procure temporary courage, and the whole of them were reaolved to see the Cup, even if they should have to swim home. To give the sensible who stayed at home an idea of the appearance of the hill, at the moment of the race, we may state that a broad black strip reached from one end of the enclosure to the other, and every inch of the slope was occupied. Umbrellas were spread over the countless heads of the spectators as thick as mushrooms upon a fertile piece of turf, and the crowd waited with impatience for the fall of the flag. For the few minutes that the race lasted the rain held off sufficiently to enable those who had no umbrellas to insist that those who had them should put them down. As soon as numbers were hoisted which satisfied them that Chester had won, there was a rush for the railway gates. That was the time to take stock of the well-soaked coats worn by persons who had counted on a fine day. Little streams of water oscillated about upon the brims of hats, until they gathered volume sufficiently to be able to break over the upturned edges and flow down the back. Seven men out of every 10 had shoulders and back glossy with wet, and the women carried the umbrellas. Dresses with trains of moderate length were gathered up under the arms, and prunella boots made no attempt to pick a way through the greasy mud. Three-fourths of the people went home as soon as the Cup was over, but thousands saw the programme out. The refreshment sheds were packed thick until the rain ceased—not that the people wanted refreshment, but that there was no place else to get shelter from the pitiless showers. So thick was the press that it was doubtful if the bar-keepers could have done much business unless the hue of spectators immediately in front of the bars were so considerate as to drink both for themselves and for friends who were shut out. Hardly a complaint of ill- behaviour was heard. The detective police reported to us that all had gone well, and we ourselves had only the pleasure of looking on at one fight, from which the combatants withdrew as soon as they had inflicted upon one another two or three cuts. Under the circumstances, the people, though they had plenty of cause to feel ill-tempered, took their ducking with the utmost patience. Many never took the trouble to button up a coat or turn up a collar, bat let the rain do its worst upon white shirt fronts. As a rule, the women had their parasols or umbrellas, and the owners of handsome faces could depend on the offer of a waterproof between the shelter sheds and the train. THE FLAT. Flemington Flat on Cap day is a place apart, and with peculiar features of its own, which clearly and sharply distinguish its denizens alike from either the parvenues of the hill or the aristocrats of the grand stand. The patronisers of the Flat know that their neighbours of the Hill are parvenues—though they employ not a foreign word to express their opinion—because they pay two splendid shillings to get a position above their compeers, and nearer to the lilies and languors of the lawn. The habitué of the Flat has no such unworthy ambition, and he can pride himself on the fact. He can boast with even greater satisfaction that he pays nothing whatever directly to the great V. R. C. which takes so much trouble to cater for his amusement. He represents in his proper person and in the persons of his wife and family, that mysterious and powerful body of whom we hear so much in Victoria at present—“the masses.” Though the V. R. C. may mulct the patrons of the grand stand severely, and the visitors to the Hill more moderately, for the privilege of losing their money in long-shots, sweeps, and other ingenious devices, to the sojourner of the Flat the gates must roll back free from toll or fee. This is the one tribute fairly demanded by the state, and cheerfully accorded by the club, for the land and privileges which it enjoys as trustee for the people. The Cup Day is now recognised as a national festival, and it is meet that the right of the poorest and humblest to take part in it should be insisted on. And never, perhaps, notwithstanding the many brilliant Cap days that preceded it, was the Flat more densely peopled than yesterday, despite the hardly doubtful auguries of an unfavourable day with which the morning opened. An hour before noon the ample space was already copiously dotted with vehicles of all kinds, but with a predominance at this time, perhaps, of those belonging to the purveyors of the coming crowd. The excitement attending the great event which is to be decided in the afternoon, interferes not alone with the morning appetite of the over night plunger at Tattersals; the barber’s youth has risen this morning from disturbed dreams as to the advisability of putting a “pot” on Sivanalia, and the bootmaker’s apprentice has had serious thoughts concerning the staying powers of Chester, which effectually interfered with their usually vigorous matutinal meal. A long experience has told the coffee-stall man that the early saveloy will catch tbe awakening appetite, and that the visitors to the Flat are never so hungry afterwards during the day as they are on their first arrival; and hence these preparations. The actual business of the day is set down to begin at 1 o’clock, but half an hour before that time it would seem almost, that without encroaching on the running ground or flowing over into the circle beyond it, there could be room for no more vehicles. Perhaps the number of conveyances which are found once a year gathered together on Flemington Flat forms one of the most extraordinary sights of the place. No other event than the Cup can collect so many and such varied specimens of the coachmaker’s art The reflection forces itself—what a glorious “diggings” Victoria would be for the coachbuilder for many a day hereafter it on some hot dry Cup day there occurred a holocaust of the four wheelers and two-wheelers so closely arrayed together! Unfortunately, however—both for the coachmaker and the public—yesterday was far from being a day conducive to spontaneous combustion. Nevertheless, the drizzling and intermittent rain of the early afternoon had but little effect on the spirits of the jovial denizens of the Flat. There were no dresses by Wörth to be spoiled, and where no such fears exist, cold winds and drifting rain need not necessarily turn the Cup celebration into a day of tribulation. Horses, like the seventh bullet in “Der Freischutz,” may be apt to go askew in the heavy ground, but when you have come out to enjoy yourself, and your interest in any particular race is limited to the anxiety attendant on a half- crown sweep, slight inconveniences will not disturb your equanimity. You have made up your mind to go through the one day’s fever which is to cool the blood for the next twelve months, and the slight irritants experienced during the day but give an increase to the excitement. If the majority of the 20,000 visitors to the Flat yesterday took the trouble t0 analyse their feelings, this might perhaps express their frame of mind as long as the weather was at all tolerable. It is probable, however, that the intelligent minority who stopped to make any such analysis was, like most intelligent minorities, but a very small one. Enjoyment was the order of the day, and the means of enjoyment followed the economical laws of demand and supply in being present in ample quantity. Apart from the racing, however, which the Flatites enjoyed no less than their superior brethren of the Hill and Stand, it cannot be said that the quality of the different species of amusement afforded during the too long intervals between the varions races was of a very high or varied class. No doubt, however, the laws of supply and demand regalated this matter also. To the visitor of a cynical disposition, there can be little doubt, a stroll through the various quarters of the Flat would have offered sufficient enjoyment in itself. The “skinning of the lamb” was the most frequent amusement presented to the experienced observer, who, in the onlooking, was irresistibly reminded of Carlyle’s character of his fellow Britons. Although the pleasure- seekers of the riot are by no means “mostly fools,” it seems astonishing how many allow themselves to be taken in by the same stale old tricks and in the same stale old manner. Here is a greasy old fellow who sits tailor- like in front of his two little upright pegs, which he places “so ridiculously close together,” and invites the grinning crowd to knock down with a ball larger than a cricket ball. Probably there are not five in the fifty about him who have not seen the game to their cost 20 times before. Nevertheless, when “button” comes up, “promiscuous like,” and shows how easy it is to knock down both pegs at once, it is marvellous how many are “had,” and what a thriving business is done. Though Sisyphus was engaged in a highly remunerative occupation in comparison, this ball is kept rolling, to the increasing satisfaction of the confederates and the decreasing content of the country youths from the heart of Collingwood. It is needless to particularise the innumerable methods by which the lambs are shorn of their not always superfluous cash. If they earn their money like horses, they have surely the privilege of speeding it like the ignobler animal if they please. The three- card men are scarce, for the eyes of the police are watchful. But even in this way can a lamb get himself shorn if he desires it; an obliging gentleman, with a readily portable gin-case, has a happy knack of turning up when “wanted,” but not in the unpleasant sense of the word. Besides these purely profitless speculations, strange to say there is no little business done of a strictly commercial character on the Flat on a Cup day. No less than three Dutch auctions were to be counted in full progress yesterday, and the avidity with which supposed bargains in the shape of bags, nick-nacks, &c.;, were purchased—by the fairer half of the pleasure seekers especially —was characteristic of that thrifty trait in the Anglo-Saxon character which impels the desire to combine business with pleasure, if possible. Not all the vendors, however, were of an equally harmless character. The attention of the police may be profitably directed during the next two race days to a man who seeks to sell a small and utterly useless instrument which be calls a lucida. The thing is wholly harmless, as well as useless in itself, but the sale is sought to be accelerated by the distribution of a handbill full of filthy suggestions as to the powers of the instrument. While the amusements of all kinds progressed during the intervals of the racing, those on the more earnest business bent of attendirg to the inner man crowded the different refreshment booths, or regaled themselves more cheaply at the innumerable stalls, where cakes of unknown composition were dispensed, and drinks unfamiliar of name and questionable of appearance poured forth in unlimited supply. The wave of excitement before and during the Cup race swept over the flat with no less force than the other parts of the ground, and during those few suspensive moments so big with fate occurred, perhaps the only hush of the afternoon, until the universal cheer proclaimed the winner. After the great race was run, the heavily falling rain soon caused a general rush to the railway station, the omnibuses, and the cabs, and but a small proportion of the great crowd remained to witness the termination of the day’s sport. THE SADDLING PADDOCK. Nowhere at Flemington was it more generally conceded and decided yesterday that the Melbourne racecourse is most judiciously and well arranged, than in the saddling paddock. Men who had been on all the racecourses of the world freely testified to the excellence of the Flemington convincing ground in comparison with all others, and particularly now in regard to the superiority of the arrangements which prevail in the saddling paddock. Everything here appears to be as nearly as possible perfect. There is nothing like it at Epsom Downs, or Goodwood, or Chester, or elsewhere, and it really seems, so far as we can find out, that the Melbourne racecourse is the best in the world. Many visitors from the neighbouring colonies, men who had recently visited Europe and America, frankly admitted that they had never seen anything like it, and were careful to explain that the provision for the comfort and convenience of the horses and jockeys, otherwise the saddling-paddock arrangements, were the most valuable part of the whole scheme. In every respect the saddling- paddock is now thoroughly complete and commodious. There is abundance of stable accommodation, a large area available for the exercising of the horses, andd plenty of room for the jockeys and grooms. Indeed, every possible thought and care seems to have been brought to bear to render the arrangements complete. Nothing is more agreeable to witness than the affection for the horses that is exhibited in the saddling-paddock. They are made pets and dolls off. Men stroke them and caress them with their hands, and spoil them with over- indulgence in a way that is wonderful to see. The owner or trainer of a favourite spends an hour or more in washing his mouth with sherry and soda and patting him, and generally making much of him, and sends him off at last with much the same kind of feeling that a fond and admiring mother feels in sending off her offspring to an initiatory ball It s extremely pleasant to observe the affection that exists between the racehorse and their owners, trainers, and riders. They are, for the most part, like kittens or young lambs, playful and affectionate, and their performances seem something quite extraordinary when the looker- on remembers what mere babies they are in point of years. The parading about of the horses in the saddling paddock was one of the most interesting sights of yesterday’s meeting. To see those beautiful creatures that were by-and-bye to thunder along at a tremendous pace, picking their steps in a gingerly way when first brought out, with their noses to the ground, was a sight to see, and one very well calculated to mislead cursory observers. Taking them altogether, the contestants as they appeared when first divested of their clothing in the saddling-paddock, were a most beautiful and wondeiful exposition of the precious results which can be obtained when nature and art co-operate during a long course of years. 