RARE GOOD LUCK : A FORTUNE IN SEVEN STROKES. ; By R. E. FRANCILLON, Au hor of " Olympia," "Earl's Dene," " Zelda's Fortune," &c.; STROKE THE SIXTH. OLD FOES AND NEW FRIENDS. Arthur Fenning was the only man who could save the prisoner, Orson Knapp, from being tried, perhaps found guilty, of murdering Fortunatus Morrison. And Arthur Fenning was tongue-tied. He was bound to save an innocent man from suffering for his own crime, and he could only do so by giving up to justice the actual murderer. He did not return to Miss Carew's tea-table. The events of the evening furnished him with au easy excuse of business. He had the Duchess saddled and gave her a mad gallop home. All that had happened, nay, all the infinitely worse that was about to happen, whirled through him in a dance of logic as such crises will. Who could have expected this? Surely in all the history of seeming impossibilities called criminal jurisprudence it bad never happened that a, man was entangled by a chain of circumstances into a charge of murdering himself—not as a dead suicide, but as the living murderer of his own murdered self, and was likely enough to suffer death for such a bewildering form of selfmurder. The evidence was not as yet fatal indeed, but it was already perilous in the extreme, and a little zeal on the part of the police, stimulated by the large reward offered by the actual murderer, might easily make it actually fatal. A web of facts, conclusions, and almost certain likelihoods was conclusively woven in Arthur Fenning's mind, which was now even painfully clear. The man had called himself Orson Knapp. If the name was legally proved real, conviction would be rendered easier upon the fact; if proved false, conviction would be rendered yet easier upon the conclusion. He had been carefully hidden from the police when tLey called at the menagerie to make enquiries about this very murder. If Mr. Meshack had concealed him it was to cheat the law: if he had concealed himself it was to cheat both Mr. Meshack and the law. It would, of course, be proved by evidence from Baltimore that both a Fortunatus Morrison and an Orson Knapp had sailed on beard the Mary Anue. Was-, it likely that they would have exchanged names ? But it was very likely indeed that one shipmate, in their class of life, would learn ot another shipmate's wealth—and there was at once a clue to a motive for murder. And there was one man living—but one—who could identify the supposed murderer with the supposed victim. John Morrison, Mrs. Morrison, old Peter Cobble were dead, and their generation either dead or departed ; the young Cobbles and their generation were scattered abroad; and if any old friend or comrade of John Morrison's 'Natus were to be found, how could he swear to the handsome young man of four-and-twenty, with the fair face and the bright smile, in the battered wanderer of over forty, with the hideous face that Arthur Fenning himself had failed to recognise? A stranger named Orson Knapp, a shipmate of a man already proved to be Fortunatus Morrison and known to be rich, had been a servant in a menagerie that had mysteriously appeared and disappeared at the place and hour of the rich man's murder. The same Orson Knapp had been the only man to conceal himself when the police came to the menagerie to make enquiries. No man could possibly be the criminal except the only man who knew the murdered man and his wealth, who was implicated by place and date, and yet more by hioing. Scarcely a link was missing in a direct chain—and how could that fail to be supplied ? And all this while Arthur Fenning's thoughts were flying to himself also. He had become a murderer, and for what? To defend himself from a man who was still living. Both his crime and his sin had been thrown away. He had been both murderer and fool—not that the combination is rare. He had well nigh made the honest eyes of his future wife hateful to him for their very honesty by committing a useless sin. It seemed fated that Fortunatus Morrison should not die—save by the gallows. He had prayed for the Mary Anne to go down—she had gone down, but not Fortunatus Morrison. He had killed the survivor .with his own hand, in order to keep the devil to his bond—that survivor was not Fortunatus Morrison. Would not the devil be satisfied without the fullest imaginable measure of sin ? He felt that if he could only wash the stain from his band he could cleanse it from his heart also, do justice to the true heir of Millwood, and give up all, even the hand of Miss Carew, to regain his peace of mind—that treasure which is only recognised when it is lost for ever. But that terrible " if" stood in the way, and became an invincible No. He was not one of those criminals who think that confession can un-commit- a crime, or that the gallows or anything on earth can expiate what cannot be undone. He could not bring the real Orson Knapp to life again any more than he could undo the wreck of the Mary Anne. He could not regain the right to look his future wife in the face any more than he could undo the wreck of Hetty Morrison, whose innate passioD fcr climbing had brought her to such a fall. But —there was still Fortunatus Morrison. He could still do justice and save him—and be hanged. There, after all, lay the whole question in a nutshell. It was for him, Arthur Fenning, to come forward and say:—I am a usurper; I have known it during all the years since my uncle died. When the rightful heir returned I murdered him for his inheritance—it was he that I murdered, though it was another whom my hand killed. When he came before me, as if from the grave, I denied him. And now I come forward to throw away all the fruits for which I have sinned—wealth, rank, life, love, hope, and honour. And I commit this unheardof sacrifice to save a life that is of no value to the world, and to throw away the inheritance of my father upon a common fisherman, whom his own father would have disinherited if he had had the power. And all this had been brought home to him by the ghost of the forgotten Esther Morrison, Had he been true to her, though false to her lover and a murderer to boot, he would still have been secure. _ If he could only contrive to save his cousin's life and prevent a public trial all would be well —he would not have to reproach himself with a double murder, his future life would be unchanged, and he would not have sinned in vain. But it was too late to talk of " ifs" any more. He had to decide—shall another man die'or I ? He answered it in the almost inevitable way. That is to say, he did not answer it at ail. Things must take their destined course—there would always be time to act even at the end. But, conscience-driven as he was, there was one upon whom the arrest of Orson Knapp— since I must call him so-bore as hard : perhaps even harder. Amanda felt hardly less consciencestneken than Arthur Fenning, and more remorseful. She also felt like a murderess; for it was she who had betrayed the man who had risked his life to save hers. Her repentant gratitude, as Miss Carew had said, had toned, when once touched by human feeling, into a blaze « More-more- more!» said her mistress with dCSpal r ; i, I tT 1 ?- the y had nofc found that hideous wretch. I believe he let himself be just taken in order to spite me. No I shall never see the Nile." " He is not a hideous wretch, Madame " said Amanda, who had not yet learned that not to contradict a spoiled mistress is among the duties of a lady's maid. u Who—the murderer ?" " He is not a murderer, Madame ?" " I am sure he is—if I can do nothing else I can read faces. It is quite right for you to be sorry, ^Amanda," said Miss Carew, putting on her lecturing air, "since he saved your life—but only think, he has killed a man. That is murder, Amanda, the most hateful of all crimes." " And if he has killed a man, Madame ?" " Good gracious, girl! " " Mr. Meshack killed Nabuco. Why is he not to be punished too ? You have told me who made us all, Madame." " A tiger is a wild bepst like a rattlesnake j we may kill such creatures to defend ourselves. And if men behave like wild beasts and attack us we may kill them too." " Then the man was a wild beast that ne killed. Oh, Madame .'—save him like you saved meshe cried out, clasping her hands. " You know everything—you can do everything; save him, please! He would not have been taken but for me. He saved me, and I have kdled him." . " Poor girl! I'm afraid there was something in what Arthur said about hate after all. That would be dreadful—a murderer; ajd not even a handsome one. No; I can do nothing, Amanda.' " Oh yes, you can, Madame ! Tell Mr. Fenning to tell the police to let him go." " Hie Queen could not do that, Amanda. Don't be afraid ; you could not help what you have done, and it is helping in a crime to shield a murderer. You have done nothing wrong—I tell, you so. Good night—as I am in a hurry to dream of Lotus blossoms, I won't ask you to delay me by helping me." " There is nothing to be done, Madame ? " Nothing — nothing at all. Good night, Amanda." " Good night, Madame." Now ignorance is not stupidity; aud it it were, there is a wonderful quickener of the wits called—but there is no need to name its name. It was only in the budding stage yet, when a rose is not yet ripe to be called a rose. Let it suffice to say that Amanda, though ignorant of the complete distinction between a brute and a man, was not stupid ; and that gratitude, pity, repentance, remorse, and the freshness of the freshest womanhood provided an ample soil for the growth, nay, for the sudden bursting into full blossom of the inevitable flower. And so her wits, unspoiled by reason, experience, or any such blunters of edges and bringers of rust, were set working. She did not go to bed or even undress. She put on her hat and with a silence learned by imitation and frequent practice from her many feline teachers, went out of the house through the open bowwindow of the drawing-room, in front of which the Colonel was smoking on the lawn. She knew he would notice her; and that if he did he would probably say nothing. He was always expecting his daughter's gipsy-like protegee to take French leave some day or n : ght, and would certainly have done nothing to stop her. She had been long enough at Hill House by this time to know her way to the police station atRoxton, which was less than a mile away. She walked straight into it, and said to a constable in the office :— " If you please, Sir, I am Miss Carew's maid." "All—the witness against Knapp. I know. But what do you want at this time of night ? You'll be sent for when you're wanted." " They want to make quite sure at once, Sir, that I know him—that I mayn't have made a mistake in the hurry." " Who are they ?" "Colonel Carew, Sir, and Miss Carew, and Mr. Fenning." She apparently had none of Arthur Fenning's scruples about telling a lie to a policeman. " You'd better speak to the Superintendent. There he is in the passage. Here's the witness to the identification of Knapp wants to make sure she knows him. Not that there can be much doubt, I should say—there's not another face like his in England." " Of course," said the Superintendent, " it's important to make no mistakes at starting. Let her see the prisoner." She was led by a constable along two or three gas-lit passages till her conductor stopped and opened the door of a paved ceil. There was the prisoner on a truckle bed employed in the exer- cise of the most brilliant genius for sleeping that was surely ever enjoyed by mortal man. " There he is," said the constable. The prisoner rolled round and woke up. " 'Tisn't morning surely ?" he asked. " What —Miss Jenny—Miss Fenning ?" " The young lady wants to have a look at you, Mr. Knapp," said the constable, taking out a note-book and pencil. "Now, Miss, be very careful, if you please. If I was you, Mr. Knapp, Pd wake up, and be wide-awake, and not say a word. Don't look round the cell, Miss—that's waste of time. Look at the prisoner. Did you ever see him before ?" " Yes," said Amanda at once, taking her eyes from the window with its iron bars. " Where?" " In Mr. Meshack's Royal Menagerie." " When did you last see him there?" " The day they killed Nabuco," she said, looking fully at the prisoner. " Was that after the constables came ?" " Yes; when they came he was hiding in the bear's cage. " You're quite certain sure he's the man?" " Quite certain sure." She never once took her eyes from the unfortunate man whose doom she was sealing while she spoke in a cold voice that sounded cruel in its absolute want of inflection. Such eager revenge for the death of a tiger must have seemed to her victim nothing less than absolutely diabolical—of a piece with the hypocritical gratitude that had been planned for his betrayal. Well; like father, like child. She was a traitor's daughter. " True enough," said the prisoner. " She knows me, and I know her. I don't much mind what happens now, as that's Esther's child. The best luck I can have now is to be just killed off out of it all—and that'll come, for I'm a lucky man." " Fm bound to put all this down, Mr. Knapp," said the constable. " That's all." He turned away—and I fear the bitterness of his betrayal lay less in his having been betrayed by Hetty's child than by Amanda. If she was growing conscious of the rose, his youth had been renewed by the fire. Amanda left the cell as quickly as she entered it, wished the constables good night, without showing the least symptom of emotion, and then walked about two miles more along the Lynemouth-road. She reached the gate that had once, on a memorable occasion, puzzled Dr. Redmond, climbed the steps of a caravan, tapped gently at the side, and said in a low voice, "Tom!" " Holloa !" said a sleepy voice after a pause, " "Who's there ?" " Jenny." " What—come back again ? Hurrah!" " Don't speak so loud, please! Fm not come back—open the window: I don't want to be heard. I'm not coming back at all. Fm in service at Roxton, and mean to stay. I'll come and see you all to-morrow, in broad day—you, and Mr. Meshack, and the old bear, and the old elephant, and all. But my mistress is a very odd lady—always up to all sorts of jokes ana tricks you know. But she's very good to me, and I'll give you—she'll give you a whole sovereign if you'll help me to help her have a piece of fun. I told her I could do it for her, if she'd let me come out and see an old friend—and ) that's you. You'll help me, won't you? It will be such a joke—only don't let Mr. Meshack know." " Well, Miss Jenny—I'm sorry you haven't took to the business, I am indeed. After waiting on the beasts all these years I wouldn't be valet to a lord. But if you don't like it, of course you were right to go, and I hope you'll enjoy yourself, and not forget to recommend the Royal when it comes nigh Roxton, as it may now. The Governor will alway let you in free, I'm surehe cut up awful rough at first, but we've got a real Lion King now—he beats Van AmburgB; so on the whole he's not sorry you're gone. You were played out you know." " Aud about the bit of fun ?" " Oh, anything for the sake of old times and a sovereign. You always were a rare one for tricks. What is it to be ?" " Ah! You'll never guess if you try all your days. I want you to trust me with the"—she whispered in the minutest voice—"boot-jack ?" " With the—boot-jack." " Yes—till to-morrow morning. Mr. Meshack won't know, and you'll have your sovereign." " Well—Miss Jenny—'tisn't quite right; but a bit of fun among gentlefolks is fair, and .it may do good to the Royal. And a sovereign's a sovereign, as you say. Come in here, and we'll see." The prisoner did not go to sleep again. Even he failed to see the clear hand of unfailing good fortune in being betrayed to death by the girl for whose sake he would have gladly given his life a hundred times over. But this death was not for her Bake. His enemy, his fancied friehd, was leaving him to die for no crime, and his enemy's daughter was knotting the noose witn her own hands. Suppose she believed him to be not only the cause of the death of a tiger out the actual murderer of a man ? There might be excuse enough for her-bnteven so, it.is hardto die innocent while the girl one loves is the first to believe one guilty. That was giving death its only real pang. , , • It was the first time in his lite he had ever felt like giving in. He had not even the energy left to walk about his cell, but sat upon the edge of the bed brooding-not upon death-but upon friendship and trust and love, and all such mockeries. At last he was a beaten man. Ibe wreck of the Mary Aline had spared him one treasure—hope; but now that was gone. He could not think of anything ou earth to hope tor. He even had the desperate thought that, when his trial came, he would plead guilty and have it over. His life could be of no use even to Amanda now. She would be iu her fathers house after all, and was his cruellest enemy. Suddenly he saw a goblin bounding towards him across the cell. He remembered his first waking from fever in the bear's cage; how he fancied that reason had left him. Now he was s:n-e of it, and no wonder. " I suppose that's luck; they don't hang madmen," thought he. " But I had a prettier fancy last time." The goblin bounded towards him by short leaps, and then sprang upon his knees. " No," he said, shaking his head, " I don't believe in you. Monkeys don't get locked up in cells for murder. But if they do, and if you are my friend that stole the bootjack, and have been locked up as well as christened for it, Fin very glad to see you—you don't deny your friends and break your trust and tell lies. Give me a kiss, old chap, whether you're real or only an ape out of a dream. Yes —you are the prettiest fancy; you're the ugliest of apes, but men and women are ugly to you. You don't mind kissing a'scratched face, do you, or shaking a paw because it's been in handcuffs?—HuJloa! Have they began to hang you already—or have I got the rope twisted up in a craze ?" The creature had just been able to reach the bed, but he had been prevented from going further by a cord from the window bars. The prisoner followed the cord, the presage of his own fate, with his eyes, and found that it was not fastened to the bars, but ran between them. He took up the ape, or its wraith again, who seemed overwhelmed with joy at meeting once more his friend the Lion King; and then lie found something else tied to the creature's waist besides the cord; it was a small bag, in which were two very honest, or else very dishonest things—a small crow-bar and a large file. " These have a real feel about them anyhow," he said, as he poised them in his hands. " Anyhow, I'll try." People who despair act very much like ordinary people who do not despair. They are ready to meet death when it is inevitable, but they seldom refuse a chance of escaping it. Even wilful suicides, when they find out what drowning means, clutch at straws, and are not sorry when some passer-by is brave and weak- minded enough to risk a presumably sane man's life to save a fool's. The iron bars were weak, and the prisoner was strong; he was heavy but active, and the rope brought by the ape was strong also. Possibly the surveillance over the occasional, very unf requent prisoners who happened to find themselves in Roxton Station-house was rather lax; at any rate this important prisoner was soon engaged in tying the rope to a bar that it was not necessary to remove. He had looked carefully round and saw nobody. The window looked into a back lane and was faced by a high blank wall. Its distance from the ground was apparently some twenty feet, so that the rope was hardly required, except to secure himself against every chance of a sprained ankle. He made the ape clasp his neck, hung for a moment to the rope, and then dropped in safety. He leaned against the blank wall for a minute and pondered over what he should do with- his liberty—if he could keep it, for a murderer's escape in these days was less easy than a smuggler's a generation ago. " I suppose this is luck," he said to himself, " but I don't know. Yes—it must be uncommon luck when a very ape brings one a rope aud a bar and a file to get out of gaol just like any Christain, and liker. I won't forget you, Jack; you and I'D hang together. I wonder if I could get aboard a ship at Lynemouth, as I did before ? I should like to get out West again, any way— I'm no good here. I don't seem to know England nor Englishmen since they've taken to bathingmachines in Whitbeach Bay. I'm sorry for Meshack; it's hard on him to lose his best man and his best monkey too; and he's a good feDow though he's a Frenchman. M get out West if I can and make another fortune, and leave it to the monkeys. They'D make the best use of money —they'D throw it away. WeD, come along, Jack; we'D try Lynemouth, and if we're caught by the way, why—I told you we'D hang together. They don't care much about a man's looks aboard a ship, or they'd never have taken Knapp, poor fellow. And they'D have to refuse a good sailor if they won't have a good monkey. Come along, Jack; we'D try our luck anyhow." With the monkey stiD perched on his shoulders he left the waD—he had yet many hours of favourable darkness before him wherein to get clear of Roxton. But he had not moved many steps when, under a gas lamp, he was met face to face, by—Amanda. He was lost then after all. He could not pass her—and not only because she touched him on the arm. " Give me the monkey," she said, " if you please." " You don't mean to give me a chance of such a poor sort of stuff as bare life then ? Very well—as you wiU. Were you so afraid I should escape through iron bars that you must come yourself to watch the back of my cell ? Or were you sent here by your Why is he so bitter against me because I just happen to be alive ? What have I done ? What is he afraid of, if he's not afraid of you ? But it's nonsense asking questions. Here I am. Do what you like with me among the lot of you. I see it's no use trying to escape, even if a monkey comes down special from the sky." " Oh—don't stay talking—I don't know anything—only be quick; give me back the monkey and run." " What—you have not come to send me back to gaol ?" " I ? No! Where do you think the monkey came from then ?" Do you think he brought you a file of his own accord ? Not but what he's clever enough, bless him! Oh—I thought I had killed you—and you had saved me ! But never mind that—run !" " But I do mind that—and I won't run. mind that more than anything else in the world. I'd rather be hanged, knowing you tried to save me, than have all the luck going if you Is it true ?" " That I want to save you ? Of course it's true. Why don't you go ?" " Because I choose to stay. Because luck's coming back again, and a minute won't make much odds any way. FD be quick-enough after. The quicker you answer the sooner I shall be gone. Are you living with your father ?" " My father! What makes you think I have a father ? I am lady's maid to Miss Carew, who is going to be married to Mr. Fenning." "Ah! Was it he who took you from the menagerie and put you with the lady he's to be married to?" " Who?" " Mr. Fenning." "No!" "Who did then?" " I ran away. And Miss Carew found me—she is the best woman in the whole world. I should like to die-for her. Oh, please go !" " And why did you run away ?" " Because I hated them all—because they shot Nabuco—because I hated you." " You hate me now ?" " Haven't I saved you from prison? Am I not here ? I have been hating myself for what I said to you that day." " Then God bless you for not hating me! Do you hate me little enough to give me a promise — for your sake, Jenny ?" " Oh, anything, everything you can think of. if you'D only run!" "It's because Fm going to run—because I shan't see you, that I ask you—Give me your word. Jenny, that whatever happens to you you'D let somebody in Roxton know where I way hear of you." " Miss Carew "No—that won't do at all. Somebody that has nothing to do with your—with Mr. Fenning " Dr. Redmond ?" "Yes—tell him you've a friend, a sailor, who doesn't want to lose sight of you. I remember Dr. Redmond—he's the only gentleman I ever knew. Yes, wherever you go* whatever you do, whatever happens to you, send word to Dr. Redmond and ask him to keep it for a Whitbeach sailor.' He'll do anything for a Whitbeach sailor' You'll give me your word to that, Jenny "Yes."' " Don't cry, Jenny. <Tm not crying. They'll be coming after y °"GoSd-bve. And here's Jack —good-bye, Jack; God bless both of you. And Jenny-can Fm*trying," she sobbed, « Miss Carew's trym « riTwriteyou a letter, and you oantakeit to Dr Redmond to read. And I'll may bewnte to him too. I suppose you never heard spea* ot Esther Morrison?'' _ " v " No "sobbed Amanda. Why would he m>t gOi" « She didn't mind giving me a kiss, Jenny, when I was a few years younger, and not qiute such an ugly-looking ruffian as I am now. I m going—but couldn't you manage to fancy you re Esther Morrison's little girl • . - She put up her face at once, and was not atraia of letting her lips touch his deepest scar. Tm nobody's little girl," she said. "I'm myself— you were hurt not for Esther Morrison, but tor me. I won't hear of Esther Morrison." And she sobbed again. . "Don't SOT that, Jenny! But ypu^ll know some day, whether I live or die. You doirt think Fin a murderer then ?" He argued from the kiss; but I fear his logic was unsound. "I don't believe anything—but you and M " d Fm e^Ta murderer; Jenny. Nobody has ever died through me-uot even Nabuco. If y °"Oh-S° D dTf^e about Nabuco now? What do I care about anything if you don t go? "One moment, Jenny-you don't c^e about Nabuco—because you're afraid for me t « They will be coming—run!- "To the world's end—and back—if you 11 say that again." "What?" ' " That you care about me more than a tiger. Is it true ?" , He seized both her hands ?md looked into ner eves It needed no professed face-reader like Miss' Carew to see—what he saw. Summer had come in winter, joy in despair, rosesiin Snow. Poor Hptty lived again, not only in her child, but in the heart of the man who had loved her. How could they not love ? It was the meeting of steel and fire; they stood alone, the only friends in a world of loneliness and lies. He held her to his heart for one moment j she stayed there one moment more. "Good-bye, my own Jenny! You'D hear from me again—my legs are not 'Natus Morrison's if they can catch me now! They wont —and if they did, I've got better than the very best luck in aU the world—rve got you!" In one moment more he was gone. 