THE PARLIAMENT. THE NO-OONFIDENGE DEBATE. In our second sheet we "oave given the speech t)f Mr. Boucaut in moving the motion against the Government, ami the reply of the Attorney General. We now give most of the remaining speeches, as the subject is one in which greait interest will be taken by our country readers. Mr. LANDS EER would only say a tew words. The House had come to a most serious point. It the Government should be ousted, it was a very difficult matter to see how the thing would end. It had appeared to him from the beginning of the session that there had been one of the most fixed and determined oppositions that any Ministry could possibly have brought against them. . (Ministerial cheers.) It must have been patent to every man in the House that early aud late, at every turn and eveiy time when there was the slightest opportunity, the Government had been both fairly and uniairly attacked. (Ministerial cheers.) (The very simple features of the case which seemed to have brought about the present state of things did not when looked at from a business point of view warrant the position i utv assumed by the opposition. It appeared to him that taking it in itB most serious light there was simply a want of taste on the part of the Government, and he believed that since if any i ojy of men were ever willing to conciliate they Lad shown themselves to be so. It seemed a most singular thing that just thiough the inadvertence of tiie Government there should be this attempt m_de to oust them from the Treasury benches. The pit sent Ministers had in his canaid opinion given most serious attention -to their duties and to what was for the welfare of the country, and liau never, as far as be saw, endeavoured in any way to catch votes. (Oh and Hear, hear.) If they looked back to what had transpired they must teel that lite Premier was the most independent man, or he wouid not have taken the action he had on The SPEAKER—The hon. member must confine his reuiatks to tbe one question. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. (Joitou)—The hon. member was only going to illustrate bis remarks by something that has taken place. The SPEAKER—The hon. member in bringing the motion foiward most carefully confined him selt to the particular question ou which he found fault with the Government. If you once depart from that course you will lay the debate open to all manner of objections, and I think you will find it very objectionable. (Hear, hear.) Air. LAJSLSc-Efi continued. The unpleasant ness between the two Houses had been iu a great measure brought about by certain members of the Opposition in that House who endeavoured to coerce and override the Legislative Council. He knew for a fact that the Government had from the first been endeavouring by every constitutional means to bring about a reconciliation. They did not go cap in hand, and be was sure the members of the other House would not desire that they should do so. He would be the last man to support any Ministry that would endeavour to bang about a collision between the two Houses. It was his firm conviction that the great policy wtiich had veen so frequently spoken of there would never have been so well carried out by certain hon. gentlemen as it had been by the present Ministry. He did not think the country had ever bteu better satisfied with a Ministry than with the present one. A great deal had been said with reference to matters which had occurred in the old couiitiy and about Lord Elienborough, hut was there any parallel between the action taken by that gentleman and tbe present Ministry ? One might te considered a capital crime aud the other a petty misdemeanor at the veiy most, aud the whole thing had been brought about by the action of the Hcuse itself. (Cheers from the Ministry.) The only thing he could see that the Ministry had been guuty of was hi not pursuing the usual course of red tape. It seemed to him a most extraordinary timig, considering the strength, determination, and ability of many members of the Opposition, that nothiDg more serious had cropped up as a lever for them with which to oust the present Government. (Cheers liota the Government.) The Ministry must be men of some ability to have been able to keep matters so close, and it was a marvellous and a ieartul thing that the whole country was to be upset for the action taken by the Ministry in reference to llie new Parliament Houses, which that House cairied by a large majority. (Hear, hear.) The gentleman representing the Govern ment in the other House was not in good odour there now, but there had been a time when he was looked up to by that House and by the country, and certainly at times he had been a most useful n an. If he (Mr. Landseei) belonged to a body of IS men who met daily, he did not think he would aliow his personal feelings to override the transac tion of the business of the country. (Hear, hear.) If the expression that the other House was on stiikewas obnoxious, he thought after what the Attorney-General had pointed out that it was an uudcDiabie fact, and that in the simple language of everyday life it could most certainly be said that the other House was on strike. But he also thought from action which had lately been taken by those hon. members that they had at last thought seiiously of going on with the business of the country. (Hear, hear.) When he looked at the progress of the country, aud knew what the throwing over of a month or two's work might entail hereafter, the contemplation that the whole work of the session might be thrown over by the action of that hay was a most serious thing. Was there any certainty if the Opposition got into power that they would be able to retain their pos-ition ? They had not propounded any scheme which would bring about the reconciliation with the Legislative Council which they all desired, and it seemed to him that he would be wanting in his duty if he did not stand up for the Govern ment until something far more serious than this matter had been brought against them. If it had not been for the molehills which hon. members of the Opposition had day by day made into mountains, he believed a reconciliation would have been brought about before that day. He was willing to admit that there were many members in the House more able to legislate for the country's good than he was, hut he would give way to no man in being more sincere than he was. (Cheers.) He came there with the firm conviction not to sup port any men or any party, and his action to that day had proved him to have been sincere. They knew that the views of every member had been respected by the present Government, but not for a moment had they gone beyond that. When they came down to the House with measures which they knew were not likely to be conducive to their own interests they had endeavoured to stand by them, as had been patent lately, though with a spirit of conciliation The SPEAKER requested the hon.. member to confine himself to tbe question before the House. The A1IN1STER of AGRICULTURE and EDUCATION (Hon. E. Ward) did not wish to challenge the Speaker's ruling, but he would ask whether, the whole of the action of the Ministry waB not involved in the words " in the conduct of itshusiness ?" The SPEAKER—Most certainly not. The motion is limited to the conduct of the Ministry in needlessly tending, as alleged, to provoke a col lision between t he two Houses of Parliament, not the conduct of the Ministry generally. The MINISTER of "AGRICULTURE and EDUCATION (Hon. E. Ward)—The conduct re ferred to was not limited. The SPEAKER—It had been limited by the hon. member who moved the resolution confining himself entirely to the one question. The Attorney-General travelled a little out of the road, but when the Speaker called his attention to it he very properly agreed with him and confined him self to that. If they once departed from it and brought in extraneous matter the debate might be extended it might be for days. (Oh). Mr. LANDSEER would endeavour not to allude to the conduct of the Ministry- generally any further. The present Government he most sincerely, and honestly believed were, endeavouring to carry out the wishes of the great majority of the people and to work for the wellbeing of t ie country, arid the motion now before the House was rothing more or less than part and parcel of certain machinery which had been at work for many months in that House with a-view of certain hon. members getting the seats the Government now occupied. Mr. JOHNSON opposed the motion. Mr. TOWN SEND said that had this been an ordinary occasion he would, in consideration of another position he occupied, have declined to say anything; but the trouble now existing between the two Houses was the most momentous we had had since the existence of responsible government in this colony. (The Treasurer—" Hear, hear.") He would endeavour in his remarks to do justice to another place; but at the same time he would stoutly maintain the privileges of that, the people's House. He believed that in this matter the sense of the country was thoroughly with the Govern ment (Cheers.) Take Gawler Town, Encounter Bay, Mount Barker, and Strathalbyn, for instance; and what did they see at Laura and Clare the other day. Mr. Mann could scarcely get a hearing in his own district. (Mr. Play ford—"Because he voted with the Government;" laughter.) No; that was not the reason; and although the Press had written unitedly against the Government it would be found, should an election take place, that the people were with the Government as against the CounciL (Hear, hear.) When he first became acquainted with Mr. Speaker meetings were being held at the Norfolk AnnB and at the Hotel Europe. In the struggle then takingplace the Conservative party was in favour of one House, and the Radical party was in favour of two: and it was ultimately determined that the people's House should have immediate and absolute control over the purse strings, and that the Legislative Council should have only the power of veto. This principle was almost unanimously assented to in the great debate which took place in 1867; and the Council had Binoe year by year songht to encroach upon the privileges of that House. With regard to the conciliation which Mr. Boucaut said he had shown in this matter, he maintained that no one had spoken more against the Council than that hon. member. (Hear, hear.) _ If he dared to violate private conversation he might mention a great deal of language which was used by the hon. member about ramming things down people's throats. (Hear and laughter.) He had himself moved tin the matter of the new Parliament Houses, and to show that the Legislative Council was considered a Commission was appointed and plans were called for and hung in the Committee-room, so that they might be open to the inspection of members of both Houses. Eveiy step was taken with the full knowledge of the Legislative CounciL The action he had taken in Hie matter was not on behalf of the Government. He took action because he con sidered that the accommodation was absolutely necessary. Mr. Hawker had succeeded in carrying a motion in that House similar in effect to his, ana be maintained that the House should have been true in this matter to Mr. Hawker and himself. He hoped hon. members would now rise superior to mere clamour aud party feeling. What would " ave been aid of the Government if they bad ot taken action after the two motions to which be bad referred had been carried? Most decidedly a vote of censure would have been moved. (Hear, hear.) What would the people now say about the Hon. Mr. Baker and the Hon. Mr. Morgan, afrer the promises about constitu tional reform which they had made at the recent Legislative Council elections ? Did they think that the people outside were silly and that they did not notice these things ? In what country in the world, he would like to know, was there a legisla tive body so irresponsible as the Legislative Council was in this colony ? Mr. Boucaut had quoted from Todd and May, but he had forgotten to refer to that memorable occasion upon which Lord Brougham went to see the Queen with SO lay lords nominated in his pocket ? (Laughter.) Our Council was irresponsible to the Queen, the Governor, and to the people. Was this a deslrabte state of things^ ? Was it desirable that they should have a legislative body which could turn round anc^ laugh the people to scorn. The Council was now seeking, by the vote it had passed against Sir H. Ay ere, to arrogate a power which struck at the very root of the liberties of the people of SouthiAusiralia. They were claiming the right to make and unmake Governments. He. had warned Mr. Boucaut before, and he now warned linu ag,uu,* that there was a Nemesis'in this world ofnurs. I'erhsn® the hon. member now saw that this was so. (Hear and laughter.) Was it worth the h >n. member's while to strike a blow at the Government here through the Legislative Council ? He must remember that nine members* of the Legislative Council, who were not at all" responsible to the people, could laugh at them for four, eight, or twelve years. He would not ■ characterize the members of the Upper House in the terms Air. Hawker bad used some time ago. They might have the same average brain power as we had in the Lower IJouse; but they never theless had the fact that nine members, representing in the aggregate 18,000 electors, could turn round and laugh at the rest of the colony. He was fully prepared to fight the battle outside, and be knew what would be the result. If the members of the Council thought they were on the right side let some of them—the Hon. W. Sandorer, for instance—resign. Did they think they would be elected again ? If Mr. Boucaut thought the people were with him, let him call a meeting and test the question. He believed that on this occasion a majority of that House would be true to the people and their privileges, and serve them as they had done in the past. It aid not matter to him whether Mr. Bray or Mr. Boucaut was Attomey-GeneraL (Hear, hear.) A great principle was at stake—a principle for which our forefathers had bled. It was a :esponsible body against an irresponsible D jay. Even if that House passed a Bill amending the Constitution, nine members of the Upper House cculd throw it out and set their efforts at nought. What was their remedy? They could present a memorial for a reform of the Constitution Act, and even then the Queen could not consent without an Imperial Act of Parliament. (Hear, hear.) If Sir E. Avers were turned out of office to-day because the Council did not approve of him, they might at any moment turn out the representative of the Government. He would point out that in 1S65 Captain Coles led the Government business in the Victorian Legislative Council, and was not a member of the Government; and that course had frequently been pnrsued in Victoria since. So that even supposing the Government had thrown Sir H. Ayers over, they might have got some one else to initiate their business in the Council, and have had six members of the Government in the House of Assembly, (Hear and laughter.) He did not think the members of the Council would act towards Sir H. Ayers in their private capacity as they were acting towards him as a body. (Hear, hear.) The Council seemed to have forgotten that the action of the Government in reference to the Parliament Buildings was not in consequence of Sir H. Ayers's doings, but in consequence of the motion which had been carried in the House of Assembly. If ever there was a time when a charge of Ministry was undesirable, that time was the present. Even if the motion were carried there would be a certain section ready to go over to the Opposition, be cause it had not secured office—(Hear,hear)—and the consequent stoppage of public works in a pros perous season like this would be fraught with great dauger to the colony. Assuming for the sake of argument that the leaders of the Opposition were more intelligent than the Government, he must say that the Government had been a Gove ment.of action. With regard to the cases of the two Lord Ellenboroughs, w hich had been referred to in con nection with the constitutional aspect of the ques tion, they were not parallel to the present state of affairs in the Council. He believed it was the energy and ability of Sir Henry Ayers that the Council feared—(Hear, hear)—and believing also that the privileges of the people were at stake, he would vote with the Government in an endeavour to preserve them intact. (Cheers) Mr. HARDY would confine his remarks to the motion before the House. It had been said that otber matters would enter into the consideration of hon. members on that occasion. If the objec tions against the Government had been more general he should have felt more hesitation in knowing the course he should adopt; but the motion was that the action of the Government in re ference to the Parliament Houses was such as to be likely to lead to acollision between the two Houses. The previous speaker had generalized—not gone into particulars. He did not approve of the action of the Ministry in this matter on many points. The question of the building was considered by a joint Committee of both Houses, and they arrived at a report. There was not unanimity as to the site, but he believed the one adopted was the best available. That seemed to have been conceded by both Houses. Mr. TowDBend's motion last year was carried requiring the Ministry to proceei with the works, and they did so. A deputation after wards waited on the Government and induced tbem to suspend operations. Then at the beginning of this session Mr. Hawker's motion was carried by a large majority in the Assembly, and the Ministry were compelled to continue the work. But they were not compelled to do so without bringing the matter before the Legislative Council. (Hear, hear.) It was an oversight not to do so, the other House having a right to be consulted. If they had been consulted and refused to aliow the works to go on it would have been a question whether a majority of that House should be overruled by the Council, but the con tingency never arose. (Hear, hear.) He wished to avoid imputing motives, but must say that in his opinion this dispute had been industriou-iy fanned for the purpose of turning out the present Ministiy. (Ministerial cheers.) The dispute in the Council went from bad to woree. I hen the Government took a step which he entirely dis approved. It seemed to him that that would have inevitably led to a collision between the two Houses if the motion proposed by the two Houses bad been carried. (Opposition cheers.) On all occasions where he could he supported the Govern ment of the day, but on that occasion lie feit no hesitation in voting against them. Tiie Premier afterwards said he was glad he was beaten. Had he not then been beaten he would have been placed in a much worse position than he was even now. (Hear, bear.) It was often said it would be a good tbing if we saw ourselves as others 6aw us. The Melbourne Argus and Leader, papers dia metrically opposed to each other in politics, agreed that that House would make a mistake if it'took any action in the pending dispute, especially as it was said that the dispute was not between the Council and the Ministry, but the Council and one of its members. (Ministerial cheers.) He looked with great regret at the present position of afiairs, but he did not think they would be improved hy carrying the motion. It would only be committing the House to what it had already refused to allow the Govern ment to commit it to. (Hear, hear.) He believed that a change of Ministry would only complicate matters. He heard Mr. Boucaut's recent speech, which had been generally praised. He had read it carefully since, and he did not think it deserved the praise bestowed upon it. (Ministerial cheers.) In after years he believed Dir. Boucaut would regret that that speech appeared in the files of " Hansard." The quotationhe made from Theo dore Martin's "lifeof the Late Prince Consort" was utterly beside the point. It was a case where a Minister of the Crown in the House of Lords interfered with the general foreign policy without the knowledge of his colleagues, and took steps that were considered likely to embarrass the country. In that case he could understand the Ministry propo sirg a vote of confidence in the House of Commons. (Hear, hear.) He understood Mr. Boucaut to say that this was not a personal matter. All he knew was that it had been treated so between the Council and Sir Henry Ayers. He believed the only change of Ministry which would get rid of the difficulty would be one which would not meet with approval on either side of the House—the new Ministry would have to be com posed of men who had never held office at all. (Laughter.) He dared say Mr. Boucaut would suggest that he was looking forward to one of the posts then—(Mr. Boucaut—" Not at all")—but that was not bo, as be had never sought for office. He would only add that he believed that the true policy for the House to adopt was that fore shadowed by the Argus and Leader—for hon. mem bers not to make tnemselveB partisans in tbe pre sent dispute in the Upper House, which he hoped was fading away. Mr. LINDSAY said it was astonishing to him that the debate should be flagging. (Laughter.) To him f i ch debates were disgusting. (Laughter.) Be Lacd to be kept two or three days sitting while hon. members raked up anything they could against each other's character. It had not got to that yet, but he supposed it would before the debate closed. (Loud laughter.) However, he would not set the example, as it was very conta gious. He had no great confidence in the present Ministry. They had done enough to get them turned out half a dozen times; but he had just a little confidence in the Opposition. (Laughter.) They appeared at present to have no policy whatever except to turn out the Ministry. If they would foreshadow a better policy he would help them. If they wished to turn the Govern ment out merely on this grand constitutional question he would not go with them. He thought it would be dangerous to affirm the proposition made by Mr. Boucaut, and he agreed with Mr. Hardy that that House ought to take no part in the dispute between the Council and one of its mem bers.' (Ministerial cheers.) If he thought he could carry it he would move an amendment that this House disapproves of its own action as tending to provoke a collision between the two Houses. (Laughter.) He believed the whole squabble had risen from the action of the House in reference to the new Houses of Parliament. He agreed that they ought not to coerce the Legislative Council, but he strongly objected to being coerced by any nine members of the Council. (Ministerial cheers.) If they asked him to vote against the Ministry because they disliked Sir Henry Ayers he would not do it for the whole 18 of them. (Laughter.) If tbe Ministry were to be turned out at all it should he on their demerits. If they were accused of a crime on which he could return a verdict of guilty he would vote against them, but not otherwise. (Mr. Carr—"Hear, hear. ) He believed Sir. Boucauthad made a mis take in proposing the motion, and that he would be sorry for it afterwards. Instead of advancing his position as a statesman it would eventually have a contrary effect. He was afraid that to change the Ministry would be to get out of the fry ingpan into the fire. To use a homely, illus'ration, he would men tion that the other day a servant-girl and her mistress quarrelled, and the girl gave notice to leave. A compromise was made, and the girl remained. The young-lady help remarked to the mistress that it was better to deal with the devil we did know than with the devil we did not know. (Loud laughter.) He was afraid that the proposed change of Ministry would be for the worse. He believed we should have increased taxation, and that was altogether unnecessary. The present Government thought so, aud he agreed with their endeavour to do without taxation; but they had made so many blunders that he was afraid that their action would lead to taxation being neces sary. (Laughter.) Sir H. Ayers had been no favourite of his. He believed he was the only .man who spoke openly against him at the last election; but as Sir Henry said the other day at Edithburgh that he was the same man that he had been for S3 years, he saw no reason why the people should turn against their idol of six or seven years ago. How, however, everybody was against him, so that now he felt inclined to turn round in favour of him because he was unfairly used. If the carrying of this motion would lead to a dissolution he thought hon. members should pause before voting for it; but he believed there was no great danger of that, even it the motion were carried. But he did not see what good was to result if the motion were passed. It would be completely yielding to the Council, and saying that when they chose to object to the Minister in their House the" whole Ministry must necessarily be turned out. The conduct of the Council during the past two or three months had appeared to him childish in the extreme. As to the cases quoted by Mr. Boucaut, he did not think they were parallel. If any coercion bad been used it bad been used by the House as a whole. If the Council could succeed in getting rid of the new Parliament Buildings, he should be glad, as he did not think they were necessary. But that was not their object; it had merely been usee as a lever to oust the Government. As he considered that the carrying of Mr. Boucaut's motion would be daDgerous, that the result of it would bd different from what many hon. members who agreed with it anticipated, and no good could come of it, be would move the previous question. If the resolution in its present form were passed he should be obliged to vote against it, or at all events not to vote for it. (Hear, near.) The COMMISSION EE of CROWN" LANDS (Hon. J. Carr) said there was one fact that had been scarcely referred to in the debate—that was that a joint Select Committee of both Houses of Parliament sat to consider the question of new Parliament Houses, and recommended that new buildings should be erected, and that the site should be that which had been adopted. The Committees of the two Houses agreed to make those two recommendations. It was 10 years ago, he granted; but there had been nothing to alter or do away with those recommendations, and in the meantime the necessity for new Houses of Parliament had increased. If there had been any change of opinion the proper way would have been to apply for another Select Committee to consider the question again. The boo. member Mr. Hawker was . Chairman of one of the Committees, and had he believed not altered his opinion. Amongst the members of the Committees were also. Mr. King ston (now Sir George Kingston, the Speaker). Mr. Milne (now Sir W. Milne, the President of the Legislative Council), Mr. Santo, Mr. Ayers (now Sir Henry Ayers), Mr. Davenport, and Mr. A.Blyth (now Sir Aithur BIyth). Their recommendations, which bad never been in any way challenged, were properly regarded by the Ministry as some authoritative settlement of the site for the new Houses of Parlia ment. They had also the further authority of a motion of the Rouse, moved by Mr. Towusend and carried, to the effect "That the Ministry be directed to take without delay all stepB necessary for commencing the erection of new Parliament Houses." He observed in the address which had been presented by the Legislative Council to the Governor, and which was considered no doubt as a fuil and fair statement of the case, they— whether carefully or not he would not say — entirety ignored reference to the fact that the Select Committee sat and recommended the site that had been adopted, and the subsequent resolution of Mr. TownEend, which was carried. It was said in reference to the latter that the first steps to which that motion referred were the preparation and production of Supple mentary Estimates. But the Supplementary Esti mates were laid on the table before that motion was passed. Possibly if they had known quite as much as they did now the Government would have made some effort to get the amount on the Supple mentary Estimates. The motion was passed on October the 13th, 1876; the House was prorogued on November the 17th, so that the period between the passing of the motion and the prorogation was very short. There were some additional reaEODS for the commencement of the work at the time that it was decided upon. There was a surplus ot labour in the colony. Immigration had been rushed. He was not going to enter into the ques tion ot whose fault that was. He should be glad to discuss that question another day—(laughter)— and show very clearly who had rushed immi gration. But there was a surplus of labour in the colony, and it was represented to the Government very strongly that there were very few buildings in course of erection, and that if they did not interpose there was a great pro bability of a quantity of skilled labour—stone cutters and masons—going out of the colony. He need scarcely say that although there were rail ways authorized and other public works consider able time must necessarily elapse before they could be started, whereas for the new Parliament Houses the plans, site, and everything were ready. To show that the Government in this matter had no wish to rush to extremes—that there was no lack of disposition to consider and conciliate—he would remind the House that a large deputation waited ou the Chief Secretary to ask for au alteration of the site. What that deputation said was very carefully listened to and considered, and although the Ministry were accused of being indisposed to be conciliatory or to listen to anybody they positively stopped the work. He did not know that there was any great merit in it, but it showed that there was a disposition on the part of the Government to con ciliate. Then soon after the House met on the 15th June, the hon. member Mr. Hawker carried the motion that the Ministry should without further delay continue the erection of the new Assembly Chamber. On what pretence c. uid members like Mr. Hawker and Mr. Kees, who urged them to proceed imme diately to the work—now could tney positively seek to blame and punish the Government for doing the very thing they urged them to do, as now they seemed disposed by their vote to do, for they dared not do it by their speeches ? They were ashamed to speak on the subject. The thing was so monstrously unfair, so utterly unworhy of honourable men, that they dared not speak in defence of the vote they were going to give. He should be glad to hear what those members had tc say in defence of their conduct. He would not apply any epithet to it, but merely quote what the flatterer said to Timon of Athens:—"I cannot find words to clothe the monstrous bulk ot their ingratitude." Timon replied:—"Let it go naked; the world will see it the better." Very many works bad been commenced upon a resolution of the House of Assembly—Military road amongst others. Dozens of works had been commenced upon a motion of the House of Assembly. He was willing to acknowledge that it was very desirable in matters of importance—espe cially in matters of this importance — that the Legislative Council should be consulted, but he did not know that there was the necessity for con sultation in this instance that there had been in many others, because they had the sanction of the Select Committees. That had never been im pugned in the Legislative Council, and if their opinion had changed they should have taken some steps to let the Government krow it. Two or three members of the Council had taken part in the deputation which asked the Chief Secretary to change tbe site a few weeks be«o.e the House met; but then they knew that members of the deputation had changed their minds. The horn member Mr. Bees, for instance, who spoke so eloquently in favour of a change of site that Mr. Johnson said it convinced bim that the site was wrong, had on Mr. Hawker's motion confessed that he was wrong when he recommended the change of site; and the Government believed that the same argument which convinced Mr. Bees that he was wrong would have very great force with the few members of the Legislative Council who bad taken part in the deputation; and so they still believed in the double sanction of their action to which he .bad referred. By-and-by he granted they did ascertain that there was opposition, when the Legislative Council passed a resolution condemning the action of the Govern ment in commencing the work. Then came what he might term with some degree of propriety their unfortunate attempt at reconciliation. It was un fortunate because a majority of the House did not believe in it. That was its great fault. He could answer for the Government that the intention was to enable the two Houses to confer with each other, and to Bettle the matter by common consent. "Whether it was the best way to bring about an agreement was a moot point. The House had decided that it was not. He did not say whether it was so or not; but, in his opinion, it was calculated to bring about agreement, and not disagreement. (Cheers and counter-cheers.) The Government continued to have—and had at the present time—the sanction of the Lower House, and if they could get the approval of the Legisla tive Council they might begin tbe buildings again to-morrow. They had indeed their approval if they wished to act upon the letter of the law as opposed to its Epirit, and it was only their forbear ance as far as the Legislative Council was concerned that prevented their acting in pursuance of the approval formerly given. When, however, they saw that there was no prospect of immediate agreement they stopped the works—they removed the cause of offence. Since that they had avoided anything calculated to displease or bring them into collision with the Upper House. They had gone fairly on with the Government business, had carried the Land Bill, proceeded with railway and public works to an extent and with a prompt ness and energy for which his honourable col league deserved all praise. Then there bad been lo complaints with the Goyernment's dealings with the Crown lands. The farmers had not com plained and the pastoral lessees had not com plained. Then upon immigration The SPEAKER—I think the hon. member is not in order. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. J. Carr)—I wanted to show that we have tried to conciliate. (Loud laughter.) The SPEAKER—The question is simply the one point. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. J. Carr) bowed to the ruling. He would say that ihe policy of the Government bad been successful—(Hear, hear, and laughter)—but net aggressive. There had been a desire to conciliate, and he felt sure the House would do them the justice of not saying that they had needlessly caused offence. The Opposition with all their acumen had failed to make a case out. . On the House resuming. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. J. Carr) continued—The works at the new foundations having been suspended, and a promise given to the Council by the Chief Secretary that they should not be resumed without proper sanc tion, he thought that the real cause or offence was removed. Any impartial and candid man would admit that; but since then the proceedings of another place, about which he wished to speak with all respect, had been marked by the extreme of personality and the absence of any great constitu The tional question. (Hear, hear.) There bad been an assumption on the part of the Upper House of the right to say who should be the Crown Ministers and who should be the Minister representing them in their midst. That he demurred to as contrary to all constitutional practice. Had Mr. Boucaut bad to deal with that one question no one was more able than he to prove that they had no right to dictate to the Government who should be the Chief Secretary. (Hear, hear.) If he had been on that side of the House no one would have protested more strongly than the hon. and learned member at such a monstrous assumption. Look at the feeble reasons .that the Council had given the Governor for objecting to the Chief Secretary holding a seat as a representa tive of the Government with them. They had spoken oL bis demeanour. He would have thought it a great indignity if that House, pre sided over as it was by the .Speaker, could have made an appeal to the Governor against one of its members on the ground of his demeanour. All that showed how weak their case was. But he would not go through the details of the long pro duction that bad been sent to His Excellency, but he would tiespass for a moment on the time of the House to glance at the fact that the mover of the motion was just as much opposed to the Council as they were. Mr. Boucaut had pointed out that all would be well if the Government would take his advice and do one thing, and that was obtain a vote of confidence on this question at the hands of the House. He had laboured hard to convince them, and had convinced some independent members, that he was right, but he was never more wrong than when he supposed that the Council would agree with a vote of confidence on the part of the House. (Hear, hear.) In the 31st paragraph of the address to the Governor it was said ;—" It seems to be supposed by some persons that if the House of Assembly were to pass some resolution to the effect that the Legislative Council ought to yield and submit to the leadership of the Honour able the Chief Secretary, or that if the House of Assembly were to pass a vote of confidence in the Government generally, that therefore the Legisla tive Council ought forthwith to submit to such leadership. Some persons had sup posed this—Mr. Boucaut and his friends and the hon. member had argued it at great length, but the Legislative Council said they would have none of it, so that if they had acted upon the advice of the hon. member they would have been much further from a solution of the difficulty. The Council went on to say to the Go vernor—" But the Legislative Council submits to your Excellency that such supposition is erroneous. The Legislative Council has never exercised its right to insist to the last degree upon giving effect to its general want of confidence in a Ministry having the support and confidence of the House of Assembly; but there is a difference between a general want of confidence upon which, the House of Assembly is capable of passing a sound judg ment wbich would be entitled to the gravest con sideration of the Legislative Council and the special objections by the Legislative Council to the Honourable the Chief Secretary, Sir Henry Ayers." That meant something very Bke a private quarrel with him — (Hear, hear) — that a certain number of men wished to diive him ouf of the Legislative Council aud out ot public life. (Hear, hear.) They said that the question involved was one "upon which the House of Assembly is not capable of passing so sound a judgment, or which would be entitled to such grave consideration by the Legislative Council, and the Legislative Council trusts that your Excel lency will not give any warrant to your Excellency's advisers to ask the House of Assembly to pass judgment upon the question between the Legis lative Council and the Honourable Sir Henry Ayeis"—they utterly repudiated the panacea of Mr. Boucaut; the hon. member was evidently as far a*, they were away, and a little further, from a solution of the difficulty between some members of the Council and the Chief Secretary—" because the Council believes that the House of Assembly is not in a position to be able fairly to judge of the objections the Council has to the leadership of the Hen. theiChief Secretary, and because thereby a co'Jision between the two Houses of Parlia ment might be brought about with the weight of your Excelleney's authority given to the House of Assembly beforehand." The course recommended by Mr. Boucaut would he one te bring about a collision, and how could the hon. member assume the position of superior critic in the matter? What he recommended the Cbief Secretary was open to all that objection; therefore if the course taken by the Government was calculated to bring about a collision, his would have the very same effect. In the 23rd clause of the address the Legislative Council said they had not carried a certain motion because the majority of the Legislative Council considered it might indirectly tend to involve the Governor in a difficulty. It the Upper House acted in this way, why should not the Legislative Council do the same? But Mr. Boucaut said urge this question to a conclusion and ask the Governor to take an active part in it when it was premature. He would urge upon hon, members more consideration for the Governor who had only come among6t us, and let the question settle itself as it was being settled, by the Legislative Council doing its own business and leaving the House of Assembly to its own work. (Hear. hear.) As for the part that the hon. gentleman had played he felt that the hon. gentleman had represented the Government with great ability, and courage, and endurance. (Dir. Ward— "Hear, hear.") He scarcely knew a posi tion more painful for a man to be placed m than that which he had been placed in in carrying out his duty to his colleagues; and he thought both his country and his colleagues were indebted to him for the manly way in which he had stood np against those who were trying to drive him out of public life. The verdict of history in this matter would be that Sir EL Ayers deserved well of his country—(Hear, hear)—and well of his colleagues, and he felt proud to be associated in the Government with Sir H. Ayers. (Oh and Hear, hear.) The Legislative Council said some things that he agreed with. They said it was an impor tant part of the Parliament of the province and that its opinion on all public matters was entitled to consideration. He agreed with that and had never tried unduly to depreciate the Legislative Council. He had been accused of recognising their constitution as one of the mistakes of this province ;£ and while he did not think that alto gether he would like it to be more amenable to the propertied electors of the province, but he had not withheld from it honest consideration. He agreed with Mr. Town send that its position was confined to veto of matters initiated in that House, and that the power to make and unmake Ministries in the Upper House had never been claimed till now. Now tbat that power was claimed, if this motion was passed it meant that no Ministry could bold office who did not hold it subservient to the will of the majority in the Council. (Hear, bear and No, no.) Suppose that the point was conceded to them and that another Chief Secretary were appointed instead of Sir H. Ayers, they would perhaps object to him, and another would nave to be appointed, and so on till the whole Council might be gone round. It meant that if the Council could say who should not be Chief Secretary it was equivalent to saying who should be. A member now in the UppeiiHouee had said on one occasion, "Let them come on four at a time, and we will knock them down as they come." It was thus he would have the House select the Ministry that it wanted, and tbat would be the position of the Upper House. If blame was to be attached to the Government in this unhappy dispute it was they who bad been to blame, and not the Chief Secre tary. They had too much sense of their proper position toward their colleague to desert him and allow him to take the blame upon his head and bear the punishment. Those who had urged that couiEe of procedure on them had been trying to degrade them lower than the Council sought to degrade Sir H. Ayers. There was no coercion in the matter. They were willing to consider any reasonable proposal whether it came from the hon. member for Encounter Bay or any one else; but the solution of the difficulty would not come from adopting the hon. member as leader of the House, who was as far opposed to the Council as they were. The Council claimed that that House was not in a position to judge in the matter and to settle itself whether the Chief Secretary should continue to be Chief Secretary or not. There were two reasons that might be assigned why that motion shouldnot be passed, and one was tbat those on the other side of the House might take their positions—(Hear, hear)—but he feared that before many days if it passed there would be much more disappointment in the ranks of the Opposition than in thoBe of the Ministerial party. There would be plenty of candidates he had no doubt for the offices. He felt obliged to hon. members for the patience with which they had listened to him, ana before he sat down he would like to say one or two things. (Hear, hear.) If they wanted to teach their friends that their support was not to be relied on pass the motion. To Mr. Hawker and Mr. Eees he would say—if you wish to proclaim to the wotld that you will first urge a Ministry to build Houses of Parliament and then refuse to Btand by them, and even be prepared on their defeat to take their places, let them pass the motion. (Hear, hear.) If they wished Ministries to look to the Upper House and feel that their position was insecure unless they could keep right with an irresponsible majority, then let them pass the motion. If they wished future Ministries to feel that the real power wasvested in the small oligarchical majority in the Upper House, let them pass the motion. If they wanted to tell the whole world how a majority was to be made to dwindle away by the unceasing attacks of a minority with a majority of the Upper House at their back, let them pass it. But be was persuaded that the House would not give its power away in this absurd manner. (Hear, hear.) He did not think that House would concede its position as the representative of the manhood of the colony. Whatever happened the Ministry would have the consciousness Unit neither the blandishments of untrue friends nor the viru lent opposition—for it had been the most virulent he had ever seen—(Oh)—and it was for pur poses utterly indefensible—bad let them into the sacrifice of their colleague or the privileges of the House. He did not care; whether in the Ministry or the Opposition he would do his best for the country. Be would quote what had been said of them by one who admitted that he was not friendly to them—" Come what will the Ministry will be true to themselves, faithful to their col league, and honest in the discharge of their duty. (He r, hear.) The Hon. L. GLIDE would not have said any thing but for the remark of the Minister who had just sat down that the Opposition were ashamed and afraid to state the facts of their opposition. He was not ashamed or afraid to state his facts. He had never wavered in the whole course of the business about the building of the Parliament Houses and had opposed Mr. Hawker's motion, and now expressed his opinion that the expenditure was unnecessary. If a dissolution came about in a few weeks he had no doubt that that question would be put to hon. members Btrongly by the country. The Commissioner of Crown Lands had made a good speech, but they had heard for the first time that day the excuse that the Government started those works because there was a large surplus of labour in the colony six months ago. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) If that was the case there were plenty of other works to begin and money voted for them, but the Government had not thought it worth while to go out of their way to have them begun. As to the virulent opposition that the hon. member spoke of, surely ne was making fun. The hon. member had been nearly as long in the Parliament as he had hnuself, and he knew that they had often seen much more virulent opposition than had been shown to the Government this Becsion. He was sure tbey all united to pass the Land Bill and make it as good a measure as possible, and that was the most important Bill of tne session. He was sorry that the hon. member had imported His Excel lency's name into the debate; but he might say that he thought if this motion were passed, instead of getting the Governor into a difficulty it would be more likely to clear the present difficulty up, for the Ministry would resign next day, and Mr. Boucaut would be sent for, and there .would be an end of it. (Laughter.) What fell from Mr. Townsend, who bad made a long and loud and eloqnent speech, was quite beside the mark. (Hear, hear.) That speech would have been very effective if the hon. member had been moving the second reading of a Bill for altering the constitution of the Council, and if he moved in that way he did not know that be would not be found supporting him, but that was »o thequ estionbeforetbeHouseatthepresenttime The real question before the House was whether the action of the Ministry in the conduct of busi ness had tended to provoke a collision between the two Houses, and he said undoubtedly it had. (Hear, hear.) This resolution was the common sense logical conclusion at which the House arrived on July IB, when the House negatived a proposition of the Government to send up a reso lution to the Legislative Council which was intended to coerce the Legislative Council. (Cheers and dissent.) It certainly would have had the effect of attempting to coerce. When that resolution was negatived if the Ministry had had the slightest self-respect they would have resigned, and all this difficulty would have been removed. On the contrary, what did they see? During the last three months Sir H. Ayers had made matters worse. As the mouthpiece of the Ministry be had deliberately defied the Legislative Council, (Cheers.) He praised the Government for sticking to Sir H. Ayers; loyalty to colleagues was a capital thing, and the more it was carried out the better for the conduct of responsible government in South Australia. ("Hear, hear, "from the Govern ment.) Accordingly he took Sir H. Ayers as the mouthpiece of the Government in the Upper House after consultation with the Cabinet, and he must bold the Government responsible for every word the hon. gentleman had said. He said Sir H. Ayers had been trying to provoke a collision between tbe two Houses. (Cries of "No" and cheers.) The time had arrived for that House to step in, and accordingly he bad much pleasure in voting for the resolution. The TREASURER (Hon. R. D. Boss) must express his great surprise at the course the Oppo sition were pursuing on that occasion. He thought it scarcely fair that they should leave the speaking to the hon. member for Encounter Bay and the Hon. Mr. Glyde, who had just addressed a few words to the House carping at the speech delivered by the Commissioner of Crown Lands. He thought on a resolution of this sort it would be only treating tbe Government fairly that tbe case snould be fairly stated on which the motion was founded. (Several hon. members—" So it was.") So far as the speech of the hon. member for Encounter Bay waB concerned the Government could take no ex ception to it, because it was delivered in a very temperate manner; the only exception tbey could take was tbe specious manner in which he used his arguments. He quoted instances of constitutional action which were not applicable and certainly not parallel. He read extracts from the despatches written by Mr. Cardweli to the late Sir Charles Darling, but he noticed that when referring to the grant of ££0,C00 he was particularly careful not to connect Lady Darling's name with it. He forgot to mention that the grant was to an individual. I to Lady Darling. When the deadlock arose in Vic toria it arose from a tack to the Appropriation sill. The present Government had not attempted any tack or to coerce the Legislative Council in any way, and if they had erred they had erred in to the best of their abilities carrying out a resolution of that House passed not on one occasion but repeatedly. When Mr. Townsend, in October last year, moved the resolution directing the Government to take immediate s.eps to carry out new Parliament Buildings they delayed taking action till some few weeks before the meeting of Parliament. Directly they took action a deputation waited upon the Chief Secretary, aud some of the hon. members who had voted for the resolution—Mr. Johnson for one pointed out that hon. members had undergone a change, and upon the representations of that depu tation proceedings were stayed a few days after the meeting of Parliament. Mr. Hawker, one of the avowed leaders of the Opposition, tabled a motion calling on the Government to take imme diate action and proceed to the erection of the new Assembly Chamber, and that resolution was carried by an absolute majority of the House. Upon that the Government proceeded with the work, and Slaced the sum of £10,000 on the Estimates. The on. member for Encounter Bay stated that placing the £10,000 upon the Estimates was a grave injury to the Legislative Council if they passed it, and a grave insult to that House if they sought to strike it out. He would like the hon. member to point out what course the Government could possibly bave pursued in order to carry out the intention of theHouBe except by placing that line on the Estimates. (" Hear, hear," from the Go vernment) Was it a grave insult to the Legisla tive Council to place s 5.000 on the Estimates for new Marine Board for the erection of Police Stations and Car...- Mouses in the Areas; was it a grave insult when the Government of the day placed a sum on the Estimates for the erection of the new Supreme Court-Hcuse ? The position taken up by Mr. Boucaut was totally untenable, and he was really surprised that an hon. member who knew so much of constitu tional law should have argued as he had done on that occasion. His arguments could only bave the effect of bringing himself into abso lute discredit in the country, inasmuch as they gave a flat contradiction to his sincere convictions so far as his career in that Chamber could be judged. The hon. member said the Bouse of Commons had never attempted to coerce the House of Lords by a tack. He could cot help thinking how unfortu nate the hon. member was when he attempted to quote constitutional precedents. The hon. mem ber when the Judges' Pensions Bill was under consideration, when one of the members for the city The SPEAKER thought the hon. member had better not refer to what took place on that The TREASURER (Hon. R. D. Roes) bowed to the Speaker's ruling with great readiness. The House of Commons had over and over again made tacks to Bills in order to coerce the House of Lords, and it was by successive tacks that the House of Commons had secured to the British people the rights and privileges which they now enjoyed in -connection with Money Bills. He would only refer to a case which occurred so lately as I860 in con nection with increased taxation with regard to the rejection of the Paper Duties Repeal Bill. "May." page 82. contained the following:— " The functions of the House of Lords in matters of Supply and taxation being thus reduced to a simple assent or negative, it becomes necessary to examine how far the latter power may be exercised without invading the privileges of the Commons. The legal right of the Lords as a co- ordinate branch of the Legislature to withhold their assent from any Bill whatever to which their concurrence is desired is unquestionable; and in former times their power of rejecting a Money Bill had been ex Eressly acknowledged by the Commons, but the .ords had for centuries forborne to exercise this power. They had indeed rejected numerous Bills concerning questions of public policy in which taxation was incidentally involved, but Bills exclu sively relating to matters of Supply and Ways and Means they had hitherto agreed to respect. At length, however, in 1860 the Commons determined to balance the Ways and Means for the service of the year by increasing the property tax and stamp duties and repealing the duties on paper. The increased taxation had already received the assent of Par liament when the Lords rejected the Paper Duties Repeal Bill, and thus overruled the financial arrangements voted by the Commons. That House was npturallv sensitive to this novel encroachment upon its peculiar privileged, hut as the Lords had exercised a legal right, and their vote was irrevo cable during that session, it was judiciously resolved after full enquiry and consideration to maintain the privileges of the House, not by vain remon strances, but by an assertion of its paramount authority' in the imposition and repeal of taxes at once dignified and practical. Accordingly on July 6 resolutions were agreed to affirming-"1st. That the right of granting aids and supplies to the Crown is in the Commons alone. 2nd. That the power of the Lords to reject Bills relating to taxation ' was justly regarded by this HouBe with peculiar jealcosy as affecting tne rights of the Commons to grant the supplies and to provide the ways and means for the service of the year';' and 3rd. That to guard for the future against an undue exercise of that power by the Lords, and to secure to the Commons their rightful control over taxation and Supply, this House has in its own hands the power so to impose and remit taxes and to frame Bills of Supply that the right of the Commons as to the matter, manner, measure, and time may be main tained inviolate." The significance of these reso lutions was illustrated in the next session, when the Commons without exceeding their own powers were able to repel the recent encroachment of the Lords and to vindicate their own financial ascen dancy. They again resolved that the paper duties should be repealed, but instead of seeking the con currence of the Lords to a separate Bill for that purpose they included the repeal of those duties in a general financial measure for granting the property tax, the tea and sugar duties, and other ways and means for the service of the year, which the Lords were constrained to accept. He thought that fairly demolished the argument of the non. member, which he asserted with so much confidence, that the House of Commons had never attempted to constrain the House of Lords with regard to matters of Supply. (Mr. Boucaut— "I never said so.") If the hon. member denied it, then he had totally misunderstood his argument; and he thought the majority of hon. members who listened to him must have done the same. The. hon. member had quoted from despatches in refe rence to the dispute in Victoria, which was not at all parallel to the question under consideration; but if his memory served him, his statements and extracts could be termed nothing less than garbled— (Mr.Ward—"Hear, hear"')—but hedidnot intend to deal with that point, as the Minister of Agriculture would at a later hour be able to show conclusively that the statements had been utterly garbled from beginning to end. He thought the Government might fairly take the motion of the hon. member for Encounter Bay as nothing more than absolutely complimentary to them, and that they ought to view it in no other light than as a motion of confi dence in the policy of the Government (Laughter.) He thought no one would be able to deny the state ment that the hon. member for Encounter Bay, from the hour they took their seats to the present moment had been a bitter, virulent and violent opposer of the Ministry and the policy of the Ministry. He had never lost an opportunity when circumstances favoured him of putting a spoke in their wheeL He believed it had been the one prominent thought in his mind, both inside the House and outside the House, and of the gentle men acting as his active agents, who he was sorry to say on some occasions had BOt been over scrupulous in the measures they had adopted. (Mr. Colton—" Hear, hear.") He thought the hon. member for West Torrens would be able to bear out what he said from what took place on the occasion of the last motion of no confidence. Mr. BOUUAUT—Is this in order! The SPEAKER thought the hon. member was not in order at present. The TREASURER (Hon. B. D. Boss) was glad the Speaker had checked the remark he was about to make, because so far as the debate had gone every member who had spoken would be able to read bis speech without a blush crossing his face. (Hear, hear.) However, he did not think he was nut of order in saying that the hon. member for Encounter Bay was certainly no lover of the present Ministry or their policy, and that if he could by any possible means have unseated them he would readily have done so. On this occasion the hon. member tabled a morion which was treated as a vote of no confidence, which the Ministry accepted as a vote of no confidence; and what did it amount to? It was not an attack upon the general policy of the Ministry: he had confined it to one particular—the conduct of the Ministry in connection with the erection of the Parliament House Buildings. As far as that was concerned it was not the policy of the Ministry, it was the_policy of that House, the policy of an abso lute majority of the votes of that House. (Minis terial cheers.) II it was a wrong policy, it was a policy which the House ought to take the discredit for. Absolutely the morion was complimentary to the Government, and it was significant in this respect that the hon. member had been unable to frame a resolution attacking the policy of the Ministry, and his only hope of success, the barest chance of success, was on a matter which was not the policy of the Ministry, and in carrying out which the Ministry had simply been endeavouring to obey the dictates of resolutions of that Honse. ("Hear, hear" from the Government) In October last, when the hon. member for the Start moved the resolution on the subject it was treated as au open question by the Government as one affecting the comfort and convenience of hon. members, and be (Mr. Boss) voted with the hon. member for Encounter Bay on the opposite side of the Honse. He did not think it fair treatment of the Government considering the large public works which they had been engaged in prosecuting, for the hon. member to table a vote, which could only be accepted as a vote of no confidence, not by attacking tbem on their general policy, but upon a matter which had been absolutely forced upon them against the judgment of the Ministry itself. (Mr. Boucaut—" Oh.") He voted against it. (An hon. member—"per sonally.") He did not think it necessary for him to follow the hon. member through liis speech, as the Attorney-General in his very able and exhaustive sneech he thought utterly demolished the arguments the horn member attempted to adduce. He would merely make one or two remarks with regard to the position Legislative Council had assumed in tins matter. In the address which he supposed most hon. members had looked at if they had not read, a majority of the Council distinctly asserted.—"The truth is that the Legislative Council has not shown itself desirous of a change of Ministry, inasmuch as its resolutions ;have been aimed only at the Chief Secretary; and almost every member of the Legis lative Council opposed to the Honourable the Chief Secretarj has stated, in his place in the Legisla tive Council, that he has no such desire; ana the Legislative Council emphatically assures your Excellency that the Legislative Council has not been desirous and has not aimed at a change of Ministry. The Legislative Council also submits that proper constitutional effect can be given by your Excellency to its resolutions and objections without any change of Ministry." If these sentences meant anything they meant that so far as the policy of the Ministry was concerned as a whole the Council did not object to it but endorsed it and were willing if the Ministry would throw over the Chief Scretary and appoint some other member of the Council in his place to proceed with the business of the country and tbe policy which the Ministry were carrying out. He put it to the House, as the Attorney-General had very aptly quoted from Lord Shaftesbury's speech, " was it desirable that that House should by its votes endorse tbe vicious prin ciple that any single member of the Ministry should be held responsible for the policy of that Ministry ?" If that principle were adopted they could not at any time secure community of counsel in the Cabinet. Directly tbe Government took any un popular step they could turn round and say, " It is not the act of the Ministry as a body, but of this or that man." If (the principle which the Legis lative Council by their action sought to establish was endorsed by the House, it would be introducing a most vicious principle, and one which would strike at the root tot responsible government. (Cheers from the Government 6ide.) The Ministry at present were endeavouring quietly and firmly without in any way endeavouring, to coerce the Council, but in the most conciliatory manner, to assert the principle which all constitutional writers laid down, and which he did not think the hon. member for Encounter Bay would gainsay, that the right of formation of Ministries rested with the Honse of Assembly. (Hear, hear. , Mr. Boucaut—"With the Crown.") It was more accurate no doubt to say with the Crown, but at the same time the Crown chose its advisers from those wbc enjoyed the confidence of the majority of the people's representatives in the House. The Government were endeavouring to assert, as he said, tbe constitutional principle that tbe House had the right to regulate the formation of Ministries. If that principle were departed from, and the Council while agreeing with the policy of the Ministry did not approve of one of its members, they might continue taking action from time to time, which would render the formation of a Ministry absolutely impossible. If there was an unscrupulous majority in the Council, and that principle was departed from, the Council might do what they liked with the legislation of the country, and no one would have any power to stop them, for the con stitution of the Council was such that no Queen,. . no Governor, had any power over them ; they were absolutely irresponsible for a given period of time, and it was on account of the irresponsible position they occupied and the large power conceded to them by the Crown that it became the more impor tant and more the prominent duty on the part of the House to assert quietly and firmly and in a manly way its rights and privileges in connection with the formation of Ministries. He would read an extract from Todd, in which he put very clearly the right of tbe House of Commons in matters of this sort. Todd said:—"The responsibility of the Ministers of the Crown to Parliament, as it is now ; understood, is practically a responsibility to the House of Commons. For notwithstanding the weight and authority which is properly attached to the opinion of the House of Lords upon affairs of State, the fate of ^Ministry does not depend upon a vote of that Honse. xne ixrras may some times thwart a Ministry, reject or mutilate its measures, and even condemn its policy, but they are powerless to overthrow a Ministry supported by the Commons or to uphold a Ministry which the Commons have condemned." In this matter he trusted that horn members would set party considerations aside, and would endeavour to approach the subject in a calm and ' dispassionate way, bearing prominently in mind that the votes they gave that night were either establishing a precedent for the good order and government of the colony or an exceedingly vicious one. We were a young community, and we were establishing precedents year by year and building up those by which the rights of the people were conserved as the House of Commons had done in the old country. If faoru members dealt with the question from a rigidly constitutional aspect they could do nothing else but support the Uoveru ment by a large majority of their votes. (Hear, hear.) He would now refer to one or two matters in connection with the dispute in the Council, and he would read the House a few passages from Todd bearing upon the position the Council had taken up iu setting aside the constituted authority of the Crown, the Chief Secretary, and passing a resolution by which that Minister of the Crown had been ignored so far as their proceedings were con cerned. The introduction and conduct of all public Bills sent to the Council had been taken out of the hands of the representative of the Crown and placed in the hands of an irre sponsible member of the Council. (Hear, hep.) The introduction of public Bills and the control of legislation in Parliament was constitutionally vested, and very properly so, in Ministers of the CrcwD. Todd, on page 298, said"It is the right and duty of Ministers of the Crown to submit to its (Parliament's) consideration whatever measures they may deem to be necessary for the public service." On page 299 he said •—" By modern con stitutional practice Ministersof the Crown are held responsible for recommending to Parliament what soever laws are required to advance the national welfare or to promote the political or social progress of any class or interest in the common wealth. This is a natural result of the pre eminent position which has been assigned to Ministers or State in the Houses of Parliament, wherein they collectively represent the authority of the Crown, personify the wisdom and practical experience which is obtainable through every branch or ramification of the meantime Govern ment, and as the leaders of the majority in Par liament are able to exercise powerful influences over the national counsels." On page 300 he con tinued " It is the duty of Ministers of the Crown to prepare and submit to Parliament whatever measures may be needed for the public good; to take the lead in advising Parliament to amend or reject all crude, imperfect, or otherwise objectionable measures which may at any Hm» be introduced by private members. These high functions are performed in direct responsibility to Parliament, and especially to the House of Com mons, to whom Ministers are accountable for the policy and wisdom as well as the legality of all their acts, because they are bound te exert them selves to the utmost in the service of the Gtovn.^ On the next page he said—"Private members nn^ doubtedly halve the abstract right to submit to the consideration of Parliament measures upon any question which may suitably engage its atten tion. Bearing this in mind it must he admitted that the role that all great and important publio measures should emanate from the Executive has of late yean obtained increasing acceptance." On page 320 he found the following:—"MinistersOf the Crown are constitutionally responsible, not only for the preparation and conduct of legislative measures through both Houses of Parliament, and for the control of legislation which is undertaken by private members, but also for the oversight add' direction of the entire mass of public business which may come before either House. Nothing should ha left to the wish andcapriceof a fluctuating majority ; but the efforts of Ministers should be continually directed to the furtherance of business in Pariia liainent in such manner as will best promote thn public interests and ensure the convenience of members generally; for Ministers are the natnmt leaders in both Houses, as well as the proper guardians of the powers and privileges of Parlia ment." (Mr. Boucaut—" Hear, hear.") He whs glad to hear the hon. member cheer a statement of' that sort. If he did bo be could not possibly sup port the action the Council were taking, (ttrt Boucaut—" That's not the question.") Yes, ft. was: it was whether the Council should virtually hold in their hands the formation of Ministries^. (Hear, hear.) The Council might, if their porition in the present instance were supported, continoe changing the representatives of the Government in their House until they obtained a member sufficiently pliable to enable them to force their policy down the throats of tha= country. (Hear, hear.) On page 321 Todd said— "The present highly organized system of Parlia mentary government has been elaborated' by the wisdom and experience of successive generations in order to give stability to its proceedings and to' establish harmony and unanimity between the Crown and Parliament. Nowadays immediately upon the formation of a Ministry it assumes in addition to the ordinary duties of an Executive. Government other and more important functions unknown to the theory of the Constitution, namely, the management, control, and direction of tha whole mass of political legislation by whomsoever originated, in conformity with its own' ideas of political science and civil economy; and so long as it commands the confidence of the House of Commons it should be able to prevent the adoption: by Parliament of any measure which, in the judgment of Ministers is inexpedient and unwise.-*' He had read enough to show that the position the. Council had taken np was trenching upon the privileges of the Crown, inasmuch as the Crown could only exercise control over Parliament through its members; and if the Council set aside and repudiated the representative of the Crown is. its Chamber, it literally cut itself away from the Crown and trenched in a grave manner not only on its privileges, but on the privileges of Parlia ment and people. He was afraid that several hon*' members who were going to vote on this occasion against the Government would, should the motion be carried and the result so earnestly anticipated be brought about, be greatly disappointed. It waa well known, as Mr. Johnson had pointed out, thai: the Ministry occupied the proud position in that - House of having had the support of a thoroughly patriotic majority. There was not a single oSice seeker supporting them, neither an ex-member of the Crown, nor a member who expected or carol to hold office ; and this waa where the strength of the Government all through last session and the present session lay—that the hon. members supporting them were influenced from a thoroughly unselfish point of view, and desired merely to serve their adopted country and to perform their duty in the House in a way which would serve the best interests of the country. On the other side, it unfortunately happened that out of 13 members whose votes & was tola naa been securea 15 were absolutely office-seekers, go far as his own belief went, out of CO of the Ministers who would be appointed in the case of a certain unhappy result four wera already fixed. There was no aonbt that the hon* member for Encounter Bay would be a Minister* It was also certain that Mr. Mann would be a Minister. (Mr. Boucaut—" Is it? You know more than I do.") Mr. Hawker-he trusted and hoped would be a Minister, and he believed would be, (Mr. Boucaut—" You hope soand laughter.) It was said too that they could not do without Mr* Playford—(Mr. Boucaut—" Who said so ?")—whose shrewd and practical ability constituted a strength to any Ministry. (Mr. Townsend— " What about Bright?" and laughter.) So far as the remaining office was concerned there were 10 or 12 hon. members aspiring to it ; but according to the most veracious reports he had been able to obtain the choice rested between Mr. Basedow and Mr. Bees, (Laughter.) The matter had gone so far that there was a division on the question amongst the Oppositionists themselves. Hephad heard it seriously argued by one of them that the hon. member for Barossa, although possessing a great practical experience in connection with edu cational matters, would not be suited for the office on account of his particular training, and because his mind would be cramped by the speciality or hia - former profession. (Laughter.) The argument on the other side was that by appointing Mr. Basedow they would secure the vote oi the Germans and the support of Mr. Krichauffi (Loud laughter.) So that he feared his friend Mr. Bees would be left out in the cold. (Cries of " Oh.") As far as Mr. Bright was concerned he had not the slightest prospect. (Laughter.) His conduct had been so thoroughly disloyal to every party which he had served in.that House that he was looked upon as a perfect pariah, and was an outcast. (Laughter.) Hoe was there the ghost of a chance of a seat on the Treasury benches for Mr. Cavenagh. As far aa that hon. member was concerned he (Mr. Boss) would be pleased to see him there, and if hewers on the Opposition benches the hon. member would have his support. He thoroughly respected the integrity and honour of the -hon. member. In tha pastThe had done excellent service to the country, although from the natural modesty of his disposi tion—(laughter)—he had not had the credit given to biwi that he fairly deserved. The hon membeE was in the Strangways Ministry, which had initiated one of the greatest public works in this colony Mr. BOUCAUT—I think, Mr. Speaker, the hon, member is going beyond the question. The SPEAKEB—I certainly think the hon, member is going into unnecessary particulars. The TREASLBEK <Hon. B. D. Boss) continued^ He said he was sorry he bad so far entrenched upon the indulgence of the House, but he was afraid that an injustice was about to be done to the bon. member for Yatala, and be wanted to take the opportunity to urge the hon. member's fair claims upon the consideration of the would-be Government. (Loud laughter.) If hon. members in the Opposition got into office he ventured to predict they would not be there three days* The element of discord was so rife among then* that there was not the least possibility for the hon* member for Encounter Bay forming a Ministry which would be able to carry on the public business? with credit to itself or to the good of the country, (Cheers) Mr. BLYTH supported the motion. The MLN16XLK of AGBICULTUBE and EDUCATION (Hon. E. Ward) felt disposed to congratulate the Opposition that they had at least found an bon. member to say a word for them*, although he had thought it necessary to apologize for the course he had adopted. Still half a loaf" was better than no bread, and this small conces sion would be welcomed by hon. gentlemen on. the other side of the House. Otherwise it must have seemed singular that the debate had been? left to hon. members on that side of the House. In ali his recollection of political life, which.. extended over a number of years, he never knew an instance in which a Ministry had thus been: attacked, and the Opposition had chosen, to rely entirely on what they supposed to?, be their voting power, and thus to suppress argument altogether. (Cheers.) They knew it bad been talked about, and that it was suggested that the motion be put that the House do now divide so as to force matters on. (Cries of - "No.") It was talked about in the House-: in order to force to an issue a motion. wnicti involved trie tate of a ministry. Mr. Blyth said the Government bad ignored the' gravity of the position. He thought so, no doubt, because the Government had not chosen to come down to the Bouse and add fnel to the fire. They ■ had by no means ignored the gravity of the posi tion: they had understood it: and after mature, consideration they had adopted what they still be*-' lieved to be the best and most proper course. - (Cheers.) They had not only shown their ability to grapple with the position. They had caniea'.. their measures and sent them on to the Legisla* tive Council, If the Legislative Council declined. to p»b« them he would surely not charge the. Government with the fault. If the hon. member said the Government were to be banished from their places because of the improper action of the-; 'Legislative Council, he would for ever render it. 'impossible for a Ministry to hold office, although* possessing the confidence of the Assembly and the "• country, unless tfcey also possessed the confidence'' of tbe factions opposition in the other branch of" the Legislature. (Cheers and No.) That was the only conclusion which conld be drawn.' from the hon. member's remarks, and it - was one which the .country would have cause to regret if carried by that House, Mr. Blyth had.stud the Government might have called a caucus, or as he. said, •" consulted their-; friends." They had shown what was due to their-' dignity and to the House hy'declining to do any*- ; thing in secret. They declihe4 to jjobelow stain.; as some hon. members did at the instigation of ths-' hon. member for North Adelaide; to settle the busi- * ness of the country. By facing the question on : the floor of that House, with theeyeand ear of the--' people on them, the Government were better, fulfilling their duty than if they had taken : the course the hon. member blamed thethrf for not taking. Mr. Blyth said the Government-* should have told their supporters that they wenv able to carry on the business of the country. They' had done something better. They carried it on. (Hear, hear.) What measures of importance were there they had introduced and - failed to carry? If there was nothing else, the? Land Bill would prove what he had said. He did not wish to take all the credit for the passing of' tbe Bill throngh the House, hon. members on Doit sides having endeavoured to make it as-' perfect as possible. (Hear, hear.) The hon. gentleman bad also said the Government- . had not recognised the evil of a deadlock in ih's: country. The Government knew that the consti* tution of the Legislative Council was not like that - of the House of Lords or any other Legislative . Council in the world: and he would deal with that question presently. But he would say in answer to ilr. Blyth that while they admitted there was a- -. the ~ did not admit that the cure for the evil was to : make that power paramount. The whole argu* - ment of the hon. member came to this—that. because the Legislative Council would not do what was right that House must give way and Bupporc • them in wrdngdoiDg. The hon. member had said r he constitution of the Legislative Council vi^s tv ■ broad one. He understood the hon. member to mean that the qualification for the suffrage was not a very excessive one; and he agreed with him. When the hon. member argued that £0,003 of the electors for the House of Assembly also had votes for the Legislative Council he forgot to mention that there were 23,009 other votes for the Assembly; and it meant that these 20, COO should be ignored. The hon. member might also have pointed out that unless lie voluntarily resigned each member of the Legis lative Council would on an average occupy his seat for abont eight years. He might sit for less, but he might sit for 12 years, as one gentleman had already done. Therefore a member of the Legis lative Council miglit sit for eight years and might misrepresent the people without the people or the Government having the power to remove him. From the present time there could be no election for the Legislative Council for three and a half ! years. At the recent elections some of the gentle- i men who now occupied seats in the Council pro- ! fessed their intention if elected to give effect to proposals that would make the Council more amen- ; able to the country; hut were they not the very men who were claiming powers which were never even dreamt of before! Until this session it ; had never been aseerted that the other : branch of the Legislature should have a ! voice in the constitution of Ministries, and i he had a right to charge these gentlemen with j the grossest inconsistency. And that was the re- ! presentative of the House for whom the hon. ' gentleman pleaded as being sufficiently responsible to the people. The only other hon. member besides : Mr. Boucaut who spoke on the opposite side was Mr. Hawker, whose only point seemed to be that he had always objected to the £160,000 at the present time, and he felt sure the country would j object to it. It was not originally the poljcy of the ] Government—it was an open question with them until adopted by the House; and unless the Hous • intended to he false to itself and utterly inconsis tent it was bound to support the action of the Government. They had proposed to commence the expenditure of £120,000—not £160,000— in the most perfect good faith acting on the resolu n of the House. (Hear, hear.) fie would refer to the hou. member Mr. Boucaut's three moEt prominent arguments. He told them this involved ramifications that would go to the very foundation cf responsible government, and he (Mr. Ward) entirely agreed with him. Some people said that our Constitution was within the four corners of the Constitution Act. If that were so, it would not be necessary for the Government to resign upon a vote of either House. There was nothing in the Constitution Act to say that they should do so. But it was the usage of every country where responsible government prevailed that upon an adverse vote of the popular branch of the Legislature the Ministry should retire; but not on the vote of the second Chamber or Council, whether nominee, elective, or hereditary. The position was very clearly set out in the first sentence of the first chapter of May— *' The present constitution of Parliament has been ibe growth of many centuries. ItB origin and early history, though obscured by the remoteness of the times and the imperfect records of a dark period In the annals of Europe, have been traced back to the free councils of our Saxon ancestors. The popular character of these institutions was sub verted for a time by the Norman Conquest, but the people of England were still Saxons by birth. In language, and in spirit^ and gradually re covered their ancient share in the councils of the State. Step by step the Legislature has assumed its present form and character, and after many changes its constitution is now defined by— . * • The clear and written view—the deep-trod foot marks Of ancient custom.'" And so it must be. That unquestionably showed that it was the duty of the Government either to retire from office or appeal to the country when ever they were met by an adverse vote in the lower branch of the Legislature, but not by an adverse vote of the House of Peers or Legislative' Council in the colonies. He would fortify that posi tion by three distinct authorities, not repeating the one quoted by the Treasurer. Todd himself, writing upon it, said that Hailam pointed out "the evil consequences which most certainly would have attended upon the exclusion of the advisers of the Crown from the House of Commons and the immense advantages which have resulted from their immediate connection with that Assembly. Nothing could have been devised more calculated to unite statesmen of every shade of opinion in the defence of the liberties of Parliament, or to secure for the Commons a preponderating share in the control of the executive administration, than the fact that it is in Parliament, and more especially in the House of Commons, that all great questions of public policy must in reality be decided." That waB the testimony of Uallanr, and now he came to one that had not been referred to before even incidentally, that was no less than Lord Macaulay, who ccuid not be supposed to have any democratic sympathy. He said:—"The Ministry is in fact a Committee of leading members of the two HouseB. It is nominated by the Crown, but it consists exclu sively of statesmen whose opinions on the pressing questions of the time agree in the main with the opinions of the majority of the House of Commons." (Hear, hear.) That showed how utterly absurd and impracticable a thing it would be if it were neces sary to have the confidence of the Upper House. W ho was there who did not know that there was a permanent Conservative majority in the House of Lords. There never had been a Liberal majerity there. The Conservatives had always been able to command an absolute majority, but they had had the good sense notwithstanding to yield to the express will of the people. They had never gone to the length of saying that they would ignore the appointed representative of the Crown —they had never decided to stop the public busi ness because a Ministry was in office with whose policy they did not concern. Yet if there was anything in the argument which had been advanced by the hon, member Mr. Boucaut and the two who followed him, it was to the effect that that power which had never been even claimed by the House of Lords should be conceded here. The hon. member having intro duced the question in that way went on to express his gratification at the reception he said his pre vious remarks had met with from some members of the House. He (Mr. Ward) did not know whether it was true, as had been claimed, that the speech be delivered on a former occasion did con vert two or three members. If it had that effect he was very sorry indeed for the minds upon which it had that effect—(cheers and counter-cheers) because he (Mr. Ward) claimed that without a word frcm him every argument of the hon. member Mr. Boucaut on that occasion had been absolutely and conclusively disproved. He supposed he should be allowed t© refer to that, as the hon. member had himself done so. Xlie bhEA K LK—You must not go into the argument of a former day. He (the bon. member for £ ncounter Bay) only referred to it very lightly. The MINISTER of AGRICULTURE and EDUCATION (Hon. E. Ward) should be in order in saying that if the hon. member had repeated his argument that day he should have been able to prove that it was absolutely wrong. If he had said what ho virtually did say—that the Ministry was entirely mistaken because they said in answer to Mr. Mann that they would not by any action of theirs admit that any authority other than that of the Bouse of Assembly should determine who should be Ministers of the Crown—he (Mr. Ward) would meet that by pointing out that the hon. member for Encounter Bay was leaving out one word—the most essential word in that answer—the word " legislative" before authority. The hoD. gentleman's purpose was to blame the Miuistry for ignoring the rights of the Crown. The rights of the Crown were not only not ignored in the answer, but were expressly saved, and the Ministry's know ledge of the position was proved by the insertion of that worn which the hen. member for the purpose of his argument ignored. Then if the hon. member were to say that they ought to have come down to the House and asked for a compen sating vote to counteract that of the other branch of the Legislature, he had sufficient answer in the quotation that had been made by two of his col leagues from the address to the Governor. The other point of the hon. member's speech was a lecture or address to an eminent gentleman who was not then in the colony, when he deliberately said that a dissolution at the present time would be a wicked and impolitic act. He certainly thought that for a member who unquestiouably occupied a leading position in the House, and who aspired to take a leading position in the public affairs of tfcc'colony, to pronounce of a policy which might or might not be adopted by the gentleman to whom reference was made was to say the least very bad taEte. (Ministerial cheers.) He trusted the hen. member would be prepared to say in re plying that the word slipped out inadvertently. Tne hon. member went on to blame the Government for having provoked the diffi culty of the situation .and for their apathy. He failed to see that the Government had pro voked the difficulty, and there certainly had been no apathy in the House of Assembly. It was the bon. member and the othermc-mbers of the Oppo sition who had endeavoured to stir up strife, aud by Ibe very devices they had adopted proved that they were at issue with the majority of the Legislative Council. Now he said as a member of the Opposition he was obliged I to take action because of the apathy of the Government —because they had pursued the even tenor of their way. He asked the hon. member what action he was prepared to take. Was he prepared to do more than the Ministry had done toconcililate the Council? Could he indicate any step which could be taken further than the Government had taken that would have that tendency ? Did he think that be himself, if he had been in the position of the Ministry, would have done more than they had done? If so, would it have been in accordance with his previous professions; aud if he succeeded for the sake of that compromise of which he talked in getting a majority of the House to vote with him against the Government, would he to a larger ex tent than they had done meet the Legislative Council? If he did, would he be prepared to take upon his shoulders the responsibility of sacrificing and absolutely destroying the privileges of the people as represented by the House of Assembly ? If so, he would be false to the profession of his life. He had said something about his democratic sympathies. He had no such. When the time of action came he clearly showed it by the course be adopted. He was leading a party in the House who were ad mitted to he in the minority. He (Mr. Ward) remembered the night when he voted against him in l£til when he was nominated by the working men in opposition to a late respected member, and succeeded by the aid of the Political Associa tion, as it was called, in getting into the House. His first introduction to the Ministerial bench was by that hon. member. What followed? Hon. members wculd not forget the opinion they pro nounced 16 months ago—the sentence of distrust which they passed on the hon. gentleman. He asked whether they were prepared now to withdraw the ban and put him back upon the Treasury beeches? If they did was there anything in association with his public life to lead them to suppose that he Fppfd act otherwise-go any straighter than he bad done in tbe post. If not, what were the men who were trusting to him, clinging to his coat tails, expecting no doubt to be introduced to office by his aid, to gain by giviug to the hon. gentle man the success which, if it were success to-day, could only be temporary? (Ministerial cheers.) j Now he came to the hon. member's reference to Victoria. The hon. member with, he would not say conning, but the cutenesB which he sometimes displayed, went upon the assumption that the Ministry had no means of reference to the docu ments which he quoted. He took for his text par ticular matters which occurred 6ome years ago in Victoria; one was the attempt to tack the Darling grant on to the Appropriation BilL That he wanted them to believe was analogous to the circumstances here. Did tbe hon. member refer to Mr. Cardwell's despatch of February, 1876? (Mr. Boucaut—"Yes.") Then what did Mr. Cardwell say there ? " The course pursued in the Assembly with respect to the Tariff and Appropriation Bills was not war ranted by the practice of the English House of Commons, to which by the Constitution Act it is intended that the Assembly of Victoria should generally conform." The hon. member did not read those words. It did not suit his purpose. Perhaps he thought the Government would not have a copy of the despatch. Let him point out how exactly that defined the position of the Government here. If the hon. member could point to anything in the conduct of the Government contrary to the practice of the House of Commons, then the Ministry would retire and he could come on the Treasury benches. He (Mr. Ward) would not object. He had not put bis finger upon one little thing contrary to the House of Commons. He admitted the argument that wherever a sum of money was to be asked for by the Government contrary to the usual practice—which involved a question of public policy—then it should be brought down in some other form than the Estimates, so that the Council should have an opportunity of discussing that with out taking the responsiblity of throwing out the Ap propriation Act. But surely the hon. member was not going to tell them that a vote for pnblic build ings involved a question of public policy and should he brought down in such a form. He would not tell them that the sanction of the State referred to such a question as that ? The case he quoted was an attempt to fix on to the Appropriation Acta new fiscal imposition. That was what the hon. member quoted in order to delude hon. members into believ ing tbat it was analogous to our position here. He thought they might feel surprised thata man should have the audacity to come down and try to delude members who had not had time to look into the despatches. He understood him to refer to another despatch—the Duke of Buckingham's, dated the 1st of January. 1868. (Mr. Boucaut—"Yes.") It was this despatch that was "relied" so much upon to prove that the Ministry were wrong and the Legislative Council abundantly right as the expres sion was. hon. member read this sentence— "It is impossible.not to regret that the Legislative Assembly should have thought it advisable to in clude in .the Appropriation Bill a grant excep tional in its character and notoriously obnoxious to a large portion of the Upper House." But that was not a yote for tbe commencement of public buildings. It was a grant to an individual that had been forbidden the husband to receive, and also in the form it was then proposed, which was virtually a subterfuge. The fact was the people wished to indemnify Sir Charles Darling for the loss of his office through his having taken the advice of his responsible Ministers. The same objection natu rally applied to the gift to the wife as to Sir Charles Darling himself. And ultimately in order that the matter might be settled, Sir Charles Darling voluntarily withdrew from the Bervice of the Queen, and then it was consented that the £20,000 should be paid to him. (Mr. Boucaut— " No.") He had the despatch there in winch it was stated that the Imperial Government assented, and the money was paid. Perhaps the hon. member wished him to pass over two or three other little items that he had there before him, but he did not mean to do that. As a matter of fact the hon. member's "No" was incorrect, for the same despatches contained a des patch from the Governor who had succeeded Sir Charles Darling in regard to the way in which the vote was to be brought down. (Mr. Boucaut— "The Council did not agree to it.") If the Council had not agreed the money could not have been paid, but the money waB paid. (Mr. Boucaut —" Not the £20,000.") The next matter which the hon. member liad not read, and which it was necessary for him to comment on, was inthe despatch from which he had quoted in 1868. It was said that it was to be regretted that the Assembly had taken that course instead of sending up the grant in a form in which it might have received a full and free discusEion. Let him inform Mr. Boucaut what the action of this Government in this matter had been. It was true that acting upon the authority of the House they had commenced the works—(Hear, hear)—it was true that to some ex tent they had made a mistake in not waiting till a motion had been passed by the Council. But the Chief Secretary had admitted that mistake in the Council, and they had admitted it in the House. Their next step was to propose that the Assembly should state its intention to proceed with the work, and ask the concurrence of the Council. That was, however, said to be an attempt of coercing the Upper House, though on the other hand some had said at the time that the Govern ment were attempting to drag the House in the mire. But what was the result? The motion was lost, and three of the very members who had voted a day or two before that they should proceed with the work6 deliberately turned round and re fused to allow them to seek tbe concur rence of the Council But the Government had taken action then which the hon. mover and his friends had ignored—they had through the Chief Secretary in the Upper House placed a notice on the Notice- paper that the worn should be proceeded with. The amount had been placed od the Estimates before the motion of Mr. Play ford was tabled, and they did not mean to abandon it. The motion that he had alluded to had been moved in the Legislative Council, but had not found a seconder. It had been moved by the Chief Secretary as an amendment to another motion, and they had rejected it. (Mr. Coglin— "A telling point.") Now, he would come to another sentence or two of this despatch of - January 1, 1S6S, which the hon. membes, . had not quoted, because like some others it did not suit his purpose. It said:— "If. however, I am right in inferring from your despatches that a majority of the Legislative Council are prepared to accede to that grant if properly brought before them, I tbiuk it equally . unfortunate that the Council did not avail them- ' selves of the opportunity whicti you appear to have afforded them of conceding that point with the least possible prejudice to their constitutional authority in matters of legislation. Mad that course been followed here, or had they the least idea that that grant in any other form would have been acceded to, and that the Council would have taken a course that the Council of Victoria did not take even in the matter of a grant to an individual ? "If, aa you lead me to anticipate," the Duke con tinued, " the opinion of the constituencies Bhall be distinctly pronounced in favour of the vote to Lady Darling. I entertain the hope that the Council will have accepted the decision as a sufficient reason for acquiescing, not only in the vote itseif, but in the mode in which it shall have been brought before tbem, and thus terminate a contest so dangerous and so increasingly dangerous to the existing Constitution of Victoria." The hon. member knew that there was no analogous action here to that, and that he had no sufficient reason for the action that he had taken that day. If he went into the whole matter and cited the whole of the facts as between the Legisla tive Council cn the one hand and the Ministry or Assembly on the other, they would go to prove that if the Government here had taken any other action than they had they would have been falee to the position laid down by the Secretary of State, And it must be remembered that the Legislative Council of Victoria had had no triumph except that the action of ths Ministry was wrong. It was wrong of the Ministry to attempt to pass a grant of this kind as they sought to do, but that did not prevent it being passed. And at the same time they had received a lesson which had caused them, he had no doubt, to agree a few days since to the land tax of Mr. Berry. (Hear, hear.) If they had not been sure that it would be wroug to set themselves in perma nent opposition to the people of the colony as represented in the Assembly they would have resisted that tax. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member had professed a willingness to diminish the power of the Council, but he would ask him or any other man in the community had liis action that day a tendency to diminish the power of the Council. AY as he not more likely if he succeeded to increase tbat power, and encourage them to eiercise it? (Hear, hear, and So.) It would encourage them, because the Council would say the other braucli of the Legislature have supported us aad will support us. And yet such a motion as this came fiom a man who said he was willing to do what he could to diminish the power of the CounciL Mr. COOKII—'"A man." The MIjSISTEK of AGRICULTURE and EDUCATION (Hon. E. Ward)—If it was thought offensive. he would withdraw the word, as he had net used it iu an offensive sense. Mr. KAY said an objection had been raised the other day to a member calling another a man. The SPEAKER said in that case the member had spoken of the other as that man and had done so in an offensive manner, bat there was no objec tion to the use of the word man. Mr. BOUCAUT wished to point out ithat he had not made any objection. The MINISTER of AGRICULTURE and EDUCATION (Hon. E. Ward) said the hon. member had made a great point of the fact that he had never spoken a disrespectful word of the Council. He supposed the hon. member meant in his public utterances. He did not think it would be altogether fair to go into a man's private state ments—(Mr. Boucaut—"You may if you like')— and he would admit that in his public utterances he had not heard him speak disrespectfully of the CounciL But he had endeavoured to intimidate tbem and compel them to pass a certain Bill by the voice of public opinion; and as a fact he had prevailed on two members by that means, for the Bill had been rejected by a majority of five on the first occasion when it was sent up, and by a majority of only two on the second. But he had not only sought to intimidate the Council, but had gone about the country to meetings and sought to instigate the expression of public opinion. (An hon. member—"So did you.") He had, of course, but the only difference was that he was consistent and the hon. member was not He was prepared to take a firm stand again for the curtailment of the power of the Upper House, and when the time arrived for taking action in the matter he, as a public man, would take a very active part. If the Council did not accept the curtailment themselves he would be iu favour of doing i the work for them and petitioning Her Majesty the Queen for an alteration in the Con stitution to effect that result. His action now was entirely consistent with his action in 1875. The hon. member had said that he was prepared to show that the Legislative Council had eminently constitutional grounds for the action they liad aken. Hp would ask the hon, member if he thought that the Council had a right to assume to dictate who should constitute a Minister. Did he think it a part of the functions of that body to decide who should be a Minister of the Crown in this community? Did he think they had a right to refuse to go on with public business because their attempt to drive a Minister from his position had failed? Would he uphold them when they abandoned the first position in ignoring the representative of the Crown in the Council and taking the public business out of his hands? (Hear, hear.) Those were the three points against them—assuming to say who should be Ministers, refusing to go on with the business of the country because the Chief Secretary was not removed, and taking out of the hands of a member appointed to the Council like themselves and nominated by the Crown the public business, to place it in the hands of a member not nominated by the Crown and irresponsible to the Crown. (Hear, hear.) He would read a letter from a gentleman who had studied constitutional law at least as much as Mr. Boucaut, but who had studied it in order to be consistent, and not for the purpose of being able to take whichever side of an argument suited his purpose. This was what the gentle man, who was a resident in Victoria, said:— " I have been watching with close interest the con stitutional difficulty in South Australia. Friends have sent me copies of the daily papers, and some of the Messenger, and they nave kept me an courant with what is going on 'over the border.' So far as I can see the Upper House is wholly wrong. They were wrong to attempt to control a Minister of the Crown, as they had not the consti tutional power to do so. They were wrong to refuse work because they could not have their wilful way, and they are wrong in re moving the control of public business from the representative of the Crown." That was precisely the case as it presented itself to that eminent constitutional authority in the other colony whom he had no doubt Mr. Boucaut knew. (Name.) He would not give the name. (An lion member—" No use without the name.") He was there as a Minister of the Crown and he took the responsibility for the opinions he had read, and he was amused to hear hon. members say that the opinion was no use without the name attached when they had been all the time contending for the value of the anonymous writings in the news papers. (No.) There could he no question that great stress had been laid upon the opinions that the newspapers were expressing against the Ministry. They had even gone so far as to quote from the Australasian. Mr. Boucaut's next con tention was that the Council had a right to express an opinion upon questions of policy where expendi ture was involved, and his answer to that was that unless it was expenditure of an extraordinary kind, such as he had referred to in the despatches, the power of the purse rested with the Lower House. No motions for expenditure had been placed before the Council; but they were both cases in which they were anticipating expenditure. The expendi ture was wanted immediately, and they did not wish to wait for the Appropriation BtlL It was not the same with this vote, for if the House had noti wished the work commenced at once nothing would have had to be done but put it upon the Estimates and send it up. There was nothing which involved a question of inblic poli^ra the mere erection of a public uilding. They were doing it every day, and the Estimates were teeming with instances in which such works were undertaken without the Council having any opportunity of considering them. He would instance the new Institute Building on North-terrace, involving quitei as) much expendi ture as the new Parliament Houses would. That vote was placed on the Estimates, and the Legis lative Council were not asked to acquiesce in that vote. (Hear, hear.) The vote for the new Govern ment Offices in Victoria- square would be placed on the Supplementary Estimates. There had been no claim from the Legislative Council to have that vote submitted to them. The only thing which the hon. member for Encounter Bay mentioned as a justification for his argument was that the Houses of Parliament were for the convenience of the . other branch of the Legislature as well as for that; but there were two answers to the point. They were not professing at present to do more than provide accommodation for mem bers of that House. (Mr. Bees—"How about the site?") An opportunity had been given to the Legislative Council to express an opinion on that. They had been consulted upon it. A Commission, of which he thought two of the Council's members were members, sat and reported upon that par ticular point, and all that the Government pro fessed to do was in accordance with the report of that Commission, with which the Council con curred, and therefore it was absolutely erroneous to say that they had no proper constitutional way of considering the question. The hon. member for iiccounier Bay said that bir Henry Barkly refused to deal with the question of payment of members in Victoria as the Government were dealing with this matter. 'Was there any analogy in forcing the Legislative Council to deal with pay ment of members by including it in the Appropria tion Act, and such a vote as this for new Parliament Houses being included in the Appropriation Act? There was no analogy whatever, ana he was surprised that the hon. member should use such an argu ment. The hon. member spoke of a dissolution at the present time as being a wicked and improper thing. He thought he might say the hon. member was afraid of a dissolution — (Mr. Boucaut— "Ho," and Ministerial cheers) — and many of those acting with him were afraid of a dissolution, because they knew the opinion of the people was with the Government— ("Hear, hear," from the Government side)—that if the electors were polled to-morrow they would say that the hon. member was doing wrong in seeking to uphold the improper action of the other branch of the Legislature, in ignoring the privi leges of that House, and in seeking to anticipate the verdict which in the natural course of things the people must pronounce in three or four months. He challenged the hon. member to deny that he would not go back to his constituents with aDy hope of being returned. (Hear, hear.) He had received a telegram from several leading men in the hon. member's own district who influenced public opinion, stating \ " Public meeting called for Friday to support r the Ministry." (Cheers.) He was proud that the people of Encounter Bay had not been cajoled by the hon. member, and be would tell him that if he went there he would not command their confidence. (Mr. Boucaut—"I never said would.") Then he came to the hau. member's last point, and he only referred to ills speech at this length to show that he considered him a foeman worthy of his steel—he asked would it be good for the people of South Australia that the Council should yield, having gone so far, and he deliberately answered the question in the negative. Then he believed that because the Legislative Council had done what he dared not say vras right that they should rather adhere to their decision and be upheld by the House than that they should give way. Whatdidthe Secretary of State say from an imperial point of view, who might be supposed to have a larger education in statesmanship than any politician could have here 1 Why, the quotation'that he (Mr. Ward) had read before he expressed regret that the Legislative Council had not adopted the course held out to them, and the hope that when an expression of the opinion of the country was obtained they would not press their view any further. And yet the hen. member said it would be an nnfortuuate thing for the people of the colony if the Legislative Council aid give way. He must have used that argument for the purpose of accomplishing Iris own object of getting on those benches, and he gave him the credit even if he succeeded in changing places that he would not go on that principle, but would believe that the Council should give way. And if he said that if a change of Ministry took place the Council would waive their objections and retreat from that position which they had taken up, that was not a step which it would be for the House to assist the Council in. He had endeavoured to answer the hon. member as succinctly as he could, and he now wished to take the opportunity of saying that il he had in anything he had uttered at any public meetings been ofl'ensive to the Legis lative Council, he would aBk hon. members in common fairness to remember the re peated insults which had been heaped upon him by inferior members of tliat bedy. He had been most grossly insulted byname by those inferior members; but though he had had the opportunity of scarifying them to his heart's content if he had chosen to do so, he had never mentioned their names and he did not intend to do so now. (Cheers.) fie would not regTet, if it was his fate, to go out of office upon such a question and in such a cause as this. He had had the honcur of holding office as a Minister of the Cxown longer, with two or three exceptions, than any ether man in South Australia, except some of his colleagues, and he rejoiced that id so long a term of office id wfiicu tie and ins colleagues bad been sustained by the expressions of confidence of the people and the votes of that House that there had been so little to say against them individually and collectively. All that could be found against them in their lengthy tenure of office was that they were unwilling to sacrifice the privileges of the people of this country. The soldier who fell upon the battle-field in the defence of the privileges and the freedom which his ancestors had won was covered with glory in his death and his memoiy with respect, and if the Ministry fell it would be in defence or the privi leges and freedom of their ancestors, which some of them had helped to win. They would not be "disgraced—they would not carry any discredit with them into their retirement; and depend upon it it would not be long before in the sheer force of public opinion they would rise again. They could lock the House in the face and say that there was no unworthy act of their administration upon which their {opponents could put their fingers. It might be that some members of the House would support the motion because the Govern ment had raised the railway tariff, be cause the action of the Government in dealing with the Crown lands of the colony was not what thcv would prefer, because the school houses had not been built in their districts. Little twopenny-halfpenny matters of this sort might influence some hon. members upon a grave ques tion like this, but it was a pity that it dhould be so. (Hear, hear.) It was a pity that the determi nation of the vote would not depend upon the strict terms of the motion. The hon. member for En counter Bay wished to limit the debate to the teims of the motion, hut he wished to gain votes on other considerations than those involved in it. If carried, it must accomplish the purpose of ren dering the Legislative Council paramount and this bianch of the Legislature subservient. If the hon. member succeeded the struggle was not finished. It would go on, and the Government would not flinch from the position they had taken up. Whenever they went to the country—whether within a month or four months—they would still be found contending for alt they were contending for that day; but if they were willing to abandon it, if the hon. gentleman should come back to the posi tion he sought to occupy, then the Legislative Council would be made paramount, as by his action he sought to make them that day; and then allowing for possible absences less than nine mem bers of the Legislative Council might be the abso lute dictators of the colony—(Hear)—inasmuch as there was no appeal from them to the Governor or to their constituents. That was a position which the Government wished to prevent, and if this was his last appearance for the present in the position he had the honour of occupying as Minister of the Ciown he was nrond to relinquish his position in accordance with that character. (Cheers.) Mr. WIGLEY considered the question they had to decide one of the most important that ever came before the House. (Hear, hear.) He en treated hon. members not to lose sight of the great constitutional question which was involved, and to lose sight or everything else that had been said, but to Keep that in view. And what was it? It was had the Legislative Council the power to create and destroy Ministries? (Cheers from the Government side.) That was the question before them; and he was glad to say—although he must admit that he had wavered—he had sought the light and saw his way to doing his duty in that House. If hon. members thought the Legislative Council had that right and it was nonsense to put it in any other way, let them vote for this motion; if they thought the Legislative Council had not that right, let them vote against it. (Cheers from the Treasury benches.) It appeared to him that they coaid come to no other decision than this—that in voting for the motion they were putting their heads in the dust and letting the Legislative Council trample upon their necks. (Hear, hear.) It was impossible to put it in any other way if they considered the facts. He did not say that the Ministry bad not muddled the matter in some degree, and that it had handled it altogether as it should have done; he would cot say that they had given the Legislative Council no cause for oii'ence; but supposing they turned the Ministry out of office, they would be rendering up to the Legislative Council their very life. (Hear, hear.) He did not say that the gentlemen consti tuting the Council at the present time would now take advantage of the precedent thus set up; but if they were offended by any other Minister as they said they had been offended by Sir Henry Ayers they would turn round and make the House do what they were making them do on the present occasion—turn the Ministry out. (Hear, hear.) They would be virtually governing the colony, and the House of Assembly might as weil go about its business to-morrow. He would rather have his tongue plucked out of his head than agree to such a motion. In voting against it he might be making enemies, but if the motion were lost certain hon. members would live to see the day when they would thank those hon. members who supported the Government for main taining their privileges. He appealed to the hon. and learned member for Encounter Bay to say whether that motion would not be establishing a very awkward precedent—a precedent which would give to the Legislative Council the right in the future to make and unmake Ministries. (Cheers.) Mr. SINCLAIR would vote against the motion and for good reasons. He thought it premature to have introduced the motion at the present time, just as the Council had taken action in the matter, and had adopted an address to the Governor asking liis opinion. The least that could be done would have been to wait till the opinion had been re ceived. Besides, the short notice which had been given precluded a new member from taking part in the debate. The origin of the difficulty seemed to him to have been very trifling—a mere mistake on the part of the Ministry in not asking the sanction of the Legitimate Council to the Parliament House expenditure. He had voted against the building of the new Houses because he had thought that they would not he required for some time to come, and he was still of that opinion. If such a motion were put on the Paper again hetwould vote in just the same way. He was decidedly of opinion that the Government had made a mere error of judgment, and had no intention of setting the Legislative Council at defiance. (Hear, hear.) A molehill had been magnified into a mountain. He believed the present Ministry had done all that it could to mend matters; and the motion introduced by the Commissioner of Public Works in July last was proof of this desire on their part. For his own part he would be very sorry to see any dis agreement between the two Houses. He would have liked to see the matter settled amicably, and had not this motion been brought forward he believed matters would have been very shortly rectified. (Hear, hear.) Mr. COOKE said that early in the debate he had intended going fully into the question; later on in the debate he had made tip Ms mind not to speak at all; but later on still lion, members in opposi tion had been taunted vrith neither kicking nor hitting at the Government at all. (Mr. Colton— "You can do neither.'') He would try and oblige the hen. member in this way—(Hear)—although lie did not propose to do so unkindly, or to hurt the hon. member very much. Mr. "Ward had found fault with the anonymous Press writers of tlie colony, but immediately alter wards the hon. member read an anonymous authority from Melbourne, which, however, accord ing to the hon. member's own showing was not worth anything at all. The hon. member all the way through had tried to bring about a false issue. He had tried to represent this as a constitutional struggle between the two Houses. If it were such a struggle, and a question of maintaining their rights and privileges, every member would go wi;h the Ministry; but it was a question as to whether or no they should support the bungling of the Ministry. It was not a question as to whether we bad committed ourselves or as to whether the the House itself was in antagonism with the other House; but it was a question as to whether the Ministry in carrying cut the wishes of the House had not so bungled the whole affair as to bring themselves iuto an ■ ~ ClT tagom'sm with the Council and net the House at large. It was not, as they were told, that the House was responsible through its own action. (Hear, hear.) They wished to preserve the House from a deadlock. The Ministry took it for granted all through that the other House had been doing something wrong—they took the thing as already proved and argued accordingly. The Council at all times had been jealously alive to any attempt on the part of that House to rule by resolution. Even at the slightest breath of something of the kind some years ago the Council, on the motion of Mr. Youngbusband, passed the following motion" That in the opinion of this Council the policy pursued by the Miuistry in attempting to legislate by resolution ouly in one branch of the Legislature is detrimental to the interests of the colony, subversive of the Constitution, and calculated to bring about a collision between the two Houses of Parliament." Mr. Younghusband said—"It was not all probable that the members of the Legislative Council elected by tlie people to operate as a check and safeguard upon the proceedings of the House of Assembly would tamely allow the powers with which they had been invested in full confidence by the community to be ignoied and rendered nugatory. The natural consequence of the pro ceedings adopted by the Ministers of the Crown would be to induce a collision between the two HeU6es of Parliament most detrimental to the public welfare. He had no hesitation in stating his personal conviction that ir. was the intention of the Ministry to provoke and bring about such a collision.'" to see if the gentlemen had arrived? (Opposition cheers.) Therefore it was unnecessary to reply to nine-tentbs of the arguments adduced, and which had no bearing on the question at issue. There was one thing he regretted, lie did not divis" think the division would result _ _ victory for the Government; but hp would say that a man in his position standing somewhat prominently in the House of Assembly at the gravest crisis of our history had a right to be dealt fairly and honourably with. lie wished to express regret at the unreliable promises and statements of one or two hon. members, and notably the hon. member,for Albert (Mr. Wigley), on whom be waited with a friend the previous day. (Loud laughter.) He had doubts aB to him, and he asked him how he intended to vote, because he felt that he would not take the responsibility of such a position without first ascertaining the feelings of hon. members. Mr.Wigley said, "You may rely on me. 1 promise you I shall vote for you." Hon. members laughed as if it were im proper to ask an hon. member how he intended to vote. It was the duty of an hon. member before he tabled such a motion to have an idea of how the voting would go—(cheers)—and therefore he was not ashamed to say he asked the hon. and learned member for Albert. He should be sorry if any one could get up thus publicly in the House and say that he bad broken his promise. (Hear, hear.) The Ministers had said that he (Mr. Boucaut) had stated tbat the Legislative Council had constitutional grounds for the action they had taken. He did not know whether he had said that, but if he did he justified it now, and he did not hesitate to say, notwithstanding the demon stration of his own constituents, that the Legisla tive Council had constitutional ground for the action they had taken so far as it related to oppo sing by all proper means the action of the Govern ment in placing this £10,000 upon the Estimates. To that extent they would be justified in throwing out the Appropriation Act, and the hon. member knew that the Chief Secretary would not get one member to support him if the £10.000 went up. He knew the gravity of tbe situation and of tbe words he was uttering. He did not justify the Legislative Council in declining to go on with the business, and he never did. Publicly and pri vately, however, he had expressed his views upon the point, and he was separated from his friendB for at considerable time on tha account. He justified tbe Council for passing a vote of no confidence because that was constitu tional, and it was a thing which had been done again and again. He tbought the vote was very unwise, although justifiable, and when he heard of it he ventured to express his opinion. Their vote in absolutely declining to go on with the business was unjustifiable, but tbe vote of want of confidence was imprudent. The Ministry said that their action in taking the business out of tbe hands of Sir Henry Ayers was unconstitu tional. When he first heard of it he said it was nonsense. He did not know that it was utterly unjustifiable, because there was something to be said in favour of it, considering the usage the members of the Council had complained of at the hands of Sir H. Ayers. It was childish to say tbat the Chief Secretary was persecuted when he had the whole weight of the Government at his back, and was continually insulting members who were as good as himself. (No.) A Minister in the Assembly bad been turned out for his insufferable tone and manner, and such a thing might happen again. How could the Ministers tell their supporters, "All things are going smoothly and nicely, and why need we meddle ?" The Ministry saidtheir Bills were being passed. Why, nearly every one they had had a chance of dealing with had been shovelled out; and were things going on nicely when the Legis lative Council haa taken the business out of the hands of the Government representative? How could they expect any man of sense to vote for them when such a state of things existed ? And who was responsible for this ? Not the Opposition in the House of Assembly. It was ridiculous to say that they had anything to do with it. The Government complained of one or two speeches; but he had a right to make them, and he was rather sorry he did not say more. The English rule was that when there was any reason to expect opposition to a vote it should be sent to the Upper House in a separate Bill. (Mr. Ward— " Not in the case of an ordinary work.") N ot per haps in the case of making roads, but certainly in the construction of large buildings. (Mr. Ward —"Not in the erection of buildings.'") He would say emphatically that a vote for the erection of buildings to cost £163.000 could not be considered in any shape as a vote for the ordinary annual expenditure of the Government-. Among the very papers the hon. member bad quoted from was a report of a Select Committee of the Victorian Legislative Council on precedents, and the follow ing was an extract from the instances given " For the construction and improvement of West minster Bridge various sums had been voted at different periods:—On the 13th May, 1712, £20.060; on the 24th June, 1754, £25,030. In both these cases the votes had been carried into effect in separate Bills, and had not appeared in the Appropriation Act. On the 27th June, 1742, £25,000; in 1743, £25,000; in 1742, £2,500; all which had been carried into effect by separate Bills, but bad also been incorporated with the Appro priation Act. It was evidence, therefore, that in these instances, all relating to the same object, the House had been influenced solely by con venience. There were various other similar grants. On the 2nd of March, 1756, £10,000 for widening the streets of Westminster; and in May, 175S, £10,0CO for repairing Milford Haven: which votes were carried into effect by separate Bills, although they appeared in the Appropriation Acts; in 1759 £10.000 for Milford Haven; on the 9th of May, 1759, various sums as compensation for the put chase of lands at Portsmouth and Plymouth; on the 23rd March, 1762, £5,000 for paving West" minster; ana on the i.4tn April, i7o/, £2,010 additional for the same purpose." That was constitutional law now, and it would be found in May. (Mo.) Did the hon. member deny that that despatch was not approved by the Home Government? What the Secretary of State said in effect was that he wondered that in the face of these precedents the Assembly could have forced upon the Upper House a grant of this character. A few days ago he had read a passage in Todd which pointed to a case decidedly the Eame, for he said where there was reason to antici pate that the Upper House would object to a vote it should not be included in the Appropriation Bill, even where it concerned the members of the House of Commons alone. They had had a blood declaration by the hon. member for Sturt, coupled with the thunder about pressing on the rights of that House, and he pointed cut that because the House had voted a sum of money therefore it must be voted. He had spoken of the dearest principles being at stake in the quarrel between the two Houses, and while he would not follow him through the speech, the burden of what the hon. member said was that in spite of the Legislative Council we had the people at our back, and we would carry out the work. It was said that the Government were standing up for the House of Assembly, and that he was standing up agamst it; but why had they stopped the works after the will of the As sembly had been expressed in two separate motions if they meant to stand up for its will being carried cut? He could not help congratulating the Attorney - General, who said that the statement of the Chief Secretary about the deadlock was an after - dinner speech, and afterwards went on to show that it was an important deadlock, and appealed to the country whether the Legislative Council would turn out Ministries. The talk of the Legislative Council objecting to one Chief Secretary one day and p.r-nihp.r jinnfchpr war phi Id's nlav. The flnlinpil another another was child's play. The Council objected to an expenditure proposed for the Parlia ment Houses, and even the hon. member for the Sturt admitted that they bad a right of veto. Was that right to be taken from them? Yet the declara tion cf the Ministry if it meant anything meant that they were not to be allowed to have that right It had been pointed out by the Speaker that tills was not a privilege debate, but he would say that they could best guard their own privileges by not trying to trample upon those of the Legislative Council. He had been told by one of the Ministers that he was wrong in bis constitutional law, but he would show what he had read on the point in the debates of the Imperial Parliament on the question. It was said by Lord Lyveden in Ihe House of Lords:—"The object of the 57tli clause of the Constitution Act was to prevent the Government from doing exactly what Sir Henry Manners-Sutton did—pro posing any vote of money against the opinion of the Legislative Council and the Secretary of State. The Legislative Assembly never could have voted the money unless the Governor had enabled them (o do so by sending down his message." That had been suppoited by several members of the House of Lords, all but the Lord Chancellor, who alter having had his view challenged ultimately withdrew to some extent. It was subsequently stated in the House of Commons—and we must be guided by utterances there if we were to be guided at all—Lord Bobert Montague had said ihe popular House in Victoria in attempting to imitate the proceedings of the House of Commons was only caricaturing the proceedings and making them worse. He found that at that time Sir James McCulloch was doing just what the Government here were doing. He had pointed out that the Legislative Council by their action were trying to prevent the passing of a Land Bill. As far as he was concerned nothing would delight him more than to be free from re sponsibility in this matter. (Oh.) He meant what he said, and he was surprised at the practice of members of the Ministry of making these insinua tions; it tended to lower the tone of debates in that House. If the motion was not carried he would be relieved of all responsibility; but a very heavy responsibility would rest upon the country if it was carried. He was prepared for whatever might happen and prepared to accept the responsibility of the situation, because be knew that a continuation in the course that the Ministry had taken would lead to grave difficulties. The Commissioner of Crown lands had asked them what consideration they had for the poor Governor, but he would like to know what consideration the Government had shown him. If they were now rejected he would he freed from much responsibility. He and his friends had no wish to force matters on, and he would have preferred to wait for the general election; but as he had said he was prepared to abide by the result of the division, and if he and his friends remained in office for a fortnight he thought tbey would save the country from a very considerable difficulty. (Applause.) The motion wes carried on the casting vote of of the Speaker. The division- list will be found on the lllh page. The SPEAKER said he did not see how this mtiler applied lo the present debate. It had nothing to do with the action of the Ministry on the matter in question. Mr. CGOE.E only wished to show that years ago the Council had the same sensitive regard for their position The SPEAKER said he must point out that independently of the matter not applying to the present debate, the hon. member had only been leading an expression of opinion. Mr. COOKE bowed to the Speaker's ruling, but thought that he bad been referring to an analogous case. The question was then whether the AJ inis txxiiiad teen doing auyLlimg lifcediessJy provocative ot a collision between the two Houses. (Hear, hear.) Those who wished to read the past could see it in the pie-sent. We had been told that the struggle was one between 20.000 and 40,000 electors, lie denied that. It was a struggle between five or six men in the Government ana one man in the Legis lative Coumil against the repiesentatives of 20,000. IV hen the privilege debate was before the House Mr. Townsend said at that time there was a distinct collision. The SPEAKER—There is no privilege debate on at present. Mr. COOKE said the issue was whether the course the Government had taken was likely to lead to a collision between the two Houses. Mr. Towsend had laid down the position as to the colllisiou and what the constituencies were going to say. Two years ago the same gentlemau said there was this great difference between the mem bers of l he Assembly and the Council, that the foimer might be influenced by particular districts, while the latter would represent the whole colony. That being the opinion of the strongest and loudest Government supporter, what were they to Eay of the «rguments brought forward in favour of the Government? Mr. BODCAUT would not allude to the personal attacks which had been made upon himself by hlinisteis and others. The issue was too grave for that. At the proper time he would be ready to justify his conduct even with the ability of the Minister of Education against him. He regretted that after the encomiums passed by the Treasurer on the debate he should have occupied the time of the House by referring to questions foreign to the subject before the House and making personal attacks. If any hon. member had had a lesson on telling hon. members what ought to be done and what ought not to be done, he had. All the Go vernment were now doing they had had done by him; but it was not incumbent on him in his pre sent position to say what he would do. He could say that he would not make such an intolerable bungle of responsible government as the present Government had dene. (Cheers.) He was told he would have difficulties to deal with. The Trea surer said this towards the close of his speech, which was scarcely worthy of the conclu sion of the first part of it. (Hear, hear.) In singularly bad taste he had made iDsinuations and mentioned names of gen tlemen who were as able and as good as himself, and had tried to sow discord among members who were going to vote against the motion. (Hear, hear.) The statement made by some hon. members, and notably the Treasurer, that he had been for a long time using his influence to irijure the Ministry was utterly untrue. (Mr. Colton—" No.") He chal lenged the hon. member to prove it. All last session he supported the Government, and he made no attack upon them this session. (Ob.) He dis countenanced the vote of no confidence, although Le afterwards threw in his lot with his friends; and until the Legislative Council retreated from the EGsition they at first assumed, and which he told is friends he could not agree with, he had been no party to the proceedings in the Legislative Council; and it was unworthy of Ministers to say so when they knew it was untrue. (Hear, hear.) The Opposition had been taunted with being silent that day. But what had they to answer? The whole discussion from the Ministerial benches was a talking round tfce subject and against time until two hon. gentlemen came down from the country. (No and Hear, hear.) Did they not see Ministers : looking at their watches and messengers going out 