A TOUR IN THE NORTH. 5th April, 1877. MOUNT BISCHOFF TO EMU BAY. (Letter No 10) Whatever interest Mount Bischoff may have for the miner, the speculator, or the mineralogist, it is not a place of romantic beauty or picturesque loveliness at all cal- culated to attract the notice of the general public. One visit, under present means of conveyance, would satisfy most ordinary mortals for a life time. It is true that while I was there I was highly gratified and handsomely treated ; nevertheless, unless you have an interest in "tin," or a mania for mineralogy, Mount Bischoff in winter time is not the place for delicate or pleasure-loving persons. The three great topics which occupy the minds of the Waratah people are tin, rain, and roads; after having exhausted these topics, you may snuff the candle and go to bed. Having spent some forty hours at the Mount, I was anxious to make the return journey before the snow came, or the rain fell, which would render the roads impassable only to those who were con- tent to travel six miles a day, and sleep under a dray in a bed of mud at night. No other fresh sight remained to me but to see a smelting at the Stanhope smelting works, which was to take place at 3 a.m. (lively hour), which having seen, I could say I had "done Mount Bischoff," and interviewed every man of mark living at Waratah. The surest way of being up early in the morning is not to go to bed at night, so after making a hearty break- fast at 2.30 a.m., by the light of the pale moon through a white window blind, I made my exit from the Waratah Hotel, and found, somewhat to my surprise, that the whole country, huts, trees, and logs, were covered with a mantle of snow. I tried to feel poetical, but a rude blast of wind from the S.W. quarter came whist- ling over the ranges and dispelled the poetry by shaking my frame in a manner that made me "move on" to the blast furnace for the sa e of the fire. A few steps from the Waratah Hotel brought me to the Stanhope smelting works, the size and construction of which I have given in a previous letter. The tin not being sufficiently "cooked," or "reduced," as the man put it, I took up my stand at the gable end of the furnace, and waited patiently for two hours till the furnace was "tapped." At 5 o'clock a.m. precisely an iron plug was drawn, and a golden stream of liquid tin trickled down a channel into an iron pot let in level with the floor, charcoal being sprinkled over the top as the molten tin ran down. The compartment where the tin had been "boiled down" was imme- diately cleared of slag, and more tin, resembling coarse black sand, was shov- elled in to undergo a similar process of smelting. The morning dawned, there was nothing more to see, and nothing else remained for me to do but to make another breakfast, and shape my course for Emu Bay. At 5.30 it commenced to rain, hail, snow, and blow in a manner that reminded me of a winter in Norway, and it was quite evident that this was a proper Mount Bischoff morning. At one time I had some fear of being "stuck up" for a few weeks by the weather, as every hour's rain would, I knew, add to the "bogginess" of Brown's Marsh, but it takes a good big rain to keep me indoors against my will, so putting away anothrr wedge of bread and beef, I got into a yellow oil skin, and started at the first streak of dawn. My appearance at the start, had I only been possessed of a short pipe, was not unlike that of the fourth mate of a mud- barge in a stiff westerly gale. Mount Bischoff clad in snow looked a little like Mount Blanc, the huge blocks of stone piled up on its side appearing like small glaciers ; the snow-covered ranges, the deep chasms, the mountain torrent, all combined, made up an Alpine scene not better represented by nature in the colonies. Most Tasmanians have no idea that nearly all countries can be seen in miniature within the coast line of their own island. Away I went, "splashing, dashing like a fish," through pools of water till I came to the teamsters' lespond, and the dray horses' sorrow, viz, Brown's Marsh. There is no main track over the marsh, but every team works its way past the fallen timber as opportunity offers. There are no less than fifty of these winding, zig-zag tracks to select from which cross and re-cross each other in every angle right, acute, obtuse, and aggravating, to the poor stranger. When about half across I was struck by a phenomenon which puzzled me, and I afterwards learnt it had confused others very much. It was about sunrise, and looking round to find his whereabouts, I fancied at first I detected the sun rising in the west. A few minutes afterwards he appeared on the horizon opposite, and shortly after that the light of the sun was strongest in the south ; I asked a bullock driver what he knew about the sun; "know" says he— "why don't I know that he sometimes rises here in the winter at all points of the compass at once, and doesn't he always set just when the bul- locks are warming to their work and could travel without being blayguarded?" While trying to remember something on astronomy, 1 found myself suddenly "yarded," that is, hemmed in between four fallen trees lying at right angles to each other. Peculiar, yet true, I found my way in, but saw no direct way out, except by scramb- ling over the trunk of an enormous gum some 12 feet in diameter, and covered with an inch of snow. After short medita- tion, I perched myself upon a stump and reconnoitered, all the tracks were obliter- ated in snow, but ten minutes' prospecting with the eye discovered a streak of mud leading away due S.W. from where I was standing. Had I been Ruskin, the great Art Critic, I might have penned a few lines on "the sublimity of a gum-tree after a hail storm," or had I been a pupil of Turner I might have sat down and sketched a scene "magnificently desolate," but as I was only a "poor correspondent," I made a rough note of the situation, and wished myself out of it. When about 10 miles on the way home a terrific storm of hail and wind came on which made me button up, and haul close to the wind, the hail coming down on my devoted billy-cock like a shower of buck shot. "Look out for squalls " is a common ex- pression at sea, and the caution is much needed also in an open forest when the wind is wheeling round from all quarters at once, and putting some of the old tim- ber out of the perpendicular. I could offer no objection to the wet, which was of great service to the tin miner. A soaking rain is a blessing in these parts, but I could see no manner of use in an old stringy bark, or a rotten pine tumbling athwart my path just when I happened to be passing. Nothing further attracted my attention till I met a four horse team taking a ton of stores up the Hellyer pinch. In the middle of the road there was an immense hole large enough to hold a hogshead, and at the side of the hole was a large smooth stone boulder about the size of a barrel. The teamster had his choice, either to put the horses through the hole, and the near wheel on the boulder, or take the horses over the boulder, and put the off wheel into the hole; he preferred, the latter course, and taking a long breath, began to en- courage his horses in "bad grammar" to take the dray up the hill. The first three horses scrambled over the boulder well, but the poor shaft horse lay down over it, and slid about over the big stone like a novice on roller skates ; the dray creaked, and swung, and jolted and pitched like a deck-laden vessel in the Irish Channel, but it got out of the hole at last, and some cases of Whybrow's pickles were saved from being capsized. I must say, har- dened sinner that I am, I have no wish to see a poor horse with a ton on its back skate over a big stone again. Arrived at 31 mile camp at 10 a.m., fifteen miles from the Mount, the camp storeman, Mr James McKenna, received me most hospitably into the chimney recess of his hut, and induced me to make another breakfast off tongue sandwiches and a pannican of tea. It is astonishing how quickly news travels, even where there is no telegraph or daily post ; Mr Gowan had lost his horse the night before, the postman had lost his hack that same morning, and everybody all down the line knew exactly how, when, and where it had all happened. I beg pardon for smiling when I heard that a man went with candle and lantern into the scrub to look for Mr Gowan's horse. The candle proved as use- ful in the search as the glimmer of a glow- worm. By 3 p.m. I had made the Hampshire Hotel in time for a late dinner, and also to learn something about a "silver mine," and "copper discovery" which will be referred to later on in the chapter. Only 20 miles now remained of the whole distance, which is not much when you are used to it, though quite enough after a 25 mile march through mud and water. Anchor weighed and all sail set, I ploughed away, hoping to make the Bay about 8 p.m. but an "there is many a slip between the cup and the lip," so a good many accidents may happen between this and 20 miles beyond. The hills were steep and greasy, and it was necessary to "tack" like a ship with a head wind beating up channel. The down-hill road consisted of a series of short slips balanced by a four-foot staff. It was dusk at 6 p.m. and dark at 7, but I was a long way from the Bay, and should have been glad even of a candle and lantern to find the cleanest bits of track. Again striking the "tram," I went in for the "Blondin business," and considering it was dark, and I had to feel the rails with my feet, I made about 3 miles without slipping off the rails more than 40 times in the distance. It was past 8 o'clock, and I judged I was about turning the last corner, when a small white board nailed on a tree arrested my attention, and looking close I read some- thing that took the wind out of my sails and very nearly capsized me. The black paint on the board read "9 miles." Was it possible, after pushing ahead for 17 hours, to find myself 9 miles short of a supper and bed? I ruminated, I sat down. I was "up a tree." "To be or not to be, that was the question:" to sit still in the dark, or make a big fire and camp. I accepted my lot, and felt it no hardship. For- tune favoured the brave, there was a disused stable near at hand, and there under its roof, alongside a roasting fire, with a bundle of green ferns for a couch, I reposed for the night. Was I afraid ? No, Sir. Only wicked, naughty people are afraid; whereas I would never run from the best "ghoust" that ever "yahood" through the forests of Tas- mania. An Irishman at the Bay told me "a rale ghoust story" that had happened to a friend of his; I then told Pat one of my ghost stories, and Pat declared that my "ghoust" was a better one than his, and he gave up his own "ghoust" and took to mine in preference. I was early abroad next morning, and in about three hours was safely landed on Jones's veran- dah at Emu Bay. The people about asked me a great number of questions, such as, "How did I like Mount Bischoff, and what did I think of the Mount?" and I now tell you as I told them, "The Mount people treated me uncommonly well, and I have a very great opinion of the moun- tain of tin." Everybody in Tasmania does not know that silver and copper have been recently discovered on the land belonging to the Van Diemen's Land Company. The company supports a mineral prospector, Mr Bell, who works under the direction of the company's agent, Mr Norton-Smith. During the past few months, Mr Bell has been several times encouraged by making discoveries that may ultimately lead to something remunerative. A big reef of garnet rock was found some time ago about a mile from the Hampshire Hotel. After driving about 12 ft. on the level a silver vein 10 inches deep was struck, the drive being continued for 50 ft. till it went through the garnet. No other vein being struck, the first vein was followed about 15 ft, when it opened to about 18 inches wide, and is widening out in the direction of Government land. A good show of copper has been found near the old Burley Station, there is a large vein of pyrites composed of a rich deposit of copper pyrites throughout. A shaft 22 ft. has been sunk, but the V.D.L. Company have delayed operations for a time, owing to the difficulty of getting pro- visions to the place, and the more pressing work of the tramway. Mr Bell informs me that there is a large deposit of magnetic iron ore near the Hampshire Hotel, and the shaft sunk shows a thick- ness of 17 feet of ore which increases to the westward. A few words more about Emu Bay and I will bring this letter to a close. There is no bank here. In N.S.W. and New Zealand no township is complete without a bank. The order of a township's going up on the other side runs thus, — a store, an hotel, a blacksmith's shop, and then a bank ; a school is next built, then opposition churches, more stores, another hotel, and possibly, if there are 1000 residents in the district, another bank. But things are different in Tas- mania, and settlers are asked to be thank- ful if they get a post twice a week. By- the-by that reminds me — why isn't there a daily post all along the Coast, and a post oftener than once a week from Mount Bischoff! A few weeks ago I wrote a letter from Melbourne to a friend in Sydney, and received a letter in reply in 5 days. I write a letter from Emu Bay. to a friend in Hobart Town, and have to wait a week before getting any reply. That's glorious progress. Advance Tas- mania! The next time the Coat of Arms for the colony is painted, it will be more appropriate to paint the kangaroo's tail between its legs; the emu might also be represented with its head buried in the sand. But as a postmistress once said to me, "The service is as good as could be expected for the money," and when I learnt that postmasters and telegraph clerks in the rural districts were paid on a level with porters and kitchen maids, I made up my mind in future never to make the lot of those harder, who were often overworked and mostly underpaid. Fancy, gentle reader, £30 per annum for taking charge 12 hours daily of a post and telegraph station, and expected to be honest, uncorruptible, and uninquisitive for that money. To me it is like running an awful risk, with no margin for profit. There are three churches and a school at the Bay. Here is another curious problem. How is it that people can build three churches to remain full of emptiness six days in the week, and can't afford, or won't afford, to build one good convenient public school that would be full of youth, health, and vigour most days in the year? The Emu Bay school is twice as large as it was, and yet only about half the size that it ought to be. The children get about the same space in cubic feet as paupers do in a common lodging house. No class room ; no sewing room ; no separate room for the training of infants ; no pupil teachers ; just seventy children, boys and girls, all ages, sizes, and attain- ments, to be thoroughly grounded in all that a child ought to know by one master and an assistant mistress the best way that they can, so as to satisfy the inspector appointed by the school board. If the benevolent of Tasmania have any spare cash for Foreign Missions, the cash would not be wholly mis-spent if devoted to raise "bush" schools, and new schools, especially for mining districts. I have heard "beggars on horseback", argue that poor children are taught too much, and grow up idle in consequence; but I also find upon enquiry that these same "gentle- folks," who would deprive poor children of and advanced education, never fail to pamper their own offspring with music, drawing, and French, and every other subject calculated to help them to get an easier living than by working hard for it. That's the world all over. "Nothing is too good for my children, but anything is good enough for other people's." There is a great deal of "going to law," and nearly every resident in the district is interested in the issue of the "great Emu Bay assault case." The case is like the inside of a chronometer watch, very delicate, and very intricate, but the lawyers will no doubt strip off the outside covering, and then the public will see the wheels and the wonderful works that have kept it going. 