THE LATE MRS. PIDGEON. We had been out to the grave yard to bury Mrs Pidgeon, and we were riding home in the carriage with the bereaved widower. While he sopped his eyes with his handker chief he told us about her :— " In one respect I never saw her equal. She was a manager. I've knowed that woman that's lying out there in the tomb, to take an old pair of my trousers and cut them up for the boys. She'd make a splen did suit of clothes for both of them out of them old pants, get out stuff enough for a coat for the baby and a cap for Johnny, and have some left over for rag carpets, besides making handkerchiefs, out of the pockets, and a bustle for herself out of the other lin- , ings. Give her any old garment and it was : as good as a gold mine. Why, she'd take a worn out sock and make a brand new over coat out of out, I believe. She had a turn for that kind of economy. There's one of my shirts going about making itself useful as winder curtains and pantalettes, and plenty of other things. Only last July our gridiron kinder give out, and she took it apart, and in two hours it was rigged on the side of the house as a splendid lightning-rod, all except what she had made into a poker and an ice pick. Ingenious? Why, she kept our family in buttons and whistles out of the hambones she saved, and she made fifteen princely chicken coops from the old hoop skirts, and a pig-pen out of her used up corset bones. She never wasted a solitary thing. Let a cat die around her house, and the first thing you knew Mary Jane'd have a muff'and set of furs, and I'd begin to find mince pies on the dinner table. She'd stuff a feather bed with the feathers that she'd get off one little bit of a rooster, and she'd even utilise the cockroaches in the kitchen so's they'd run the churn—had a machine she invented for ] the purpose. Oh, she was phenominal. I've seen her cook potato pairings so you'd think they were canvas-back duck, and she had a way of doctering up shavings so the pig'd eat 'em and grow fat on 'em. I believe that woman could a built a four-story hotel if you'd a given her a single pine board, or a steamboat out of a wash-biler ; and the very last thing she said to me was to bury her in the garden so's she'd be useful down below there, helping to shuve up the cabbages. I'll never see her like again." I don't believe he will either — Max Adeler. The Murder on the Warrego. — The Bourke correspondent of the Dubbo Dispatch writes :—That a most foul murder has been recently committed on the Warrego, there can be no doubt, and the coroner (Mr. Fors ter) has returned a verdict to that effect; but it is a mystery. The body was found by' constable Bucliam whilst iu search of a man astray, lying across a tree or log, which at high Hood is covered, and attached to the middle was sixteen pounds of Iron made up of bolts and such like used in the making of drays and waggons. Now this iron should be of the greatest use iu discovering a clue to the outrage. Someone must have made the different articles, and it is not impossible to find them out again. It is more than pro bable that the deceased was killed close to the spot where found, for it is most unlikely, iu a tortuous and sluggish stream like the Warrego, aboddy bo heavily weighted should float far. The body had nothing on it but a shirt and trousers, and even this fact has a story of its own. The back part of the head was battered in by a tomahawk; but no medi cal man has seon the remains; and this, I am forced to say, is a most grievous error, for had a professional man examined the wound, he could almost to a certainty have described the weapon used which must have caused death. On the person of the murdered man were found a pipe and two shillings. How many bloody crimes have been unrarelled by slighter evidence oven than these. His age, it was thought by those unskilled iu such things, was about 40, sandy complexion, and having large broad teeth, one of them over lapping its fellows. Metropolitan Scandal.—The Melbourne correspondent of tlio (Jippsland Mercury writes:—M Quite a shoal of good stories and bonmotsot society is afloat just now. The best of them is concerning a new legislator, who had prepared an elaborate maiden speech, and having learnt it off by heart, had made notes of all the figures, so that in that depart ment he should not trust entirely to memory, on the fateful night, after ducking up and down for some time in attempts to ' catch the speaker's eye,' he at last got his chance, and began to ' wire in' furiously. But just at the outset, it was necessary to appeal to figures, and he dived into his pocket and pro duced the memoranda. But what was his horror to find that he had made a mistake ; the paper he held in his hand was his tailor's bill. Mr Neophyte was so nonplussed, think ing that everyoue knew his mistake, that he forgot the remainder of his speech, and had to subside iu a state of chaos. Another legislator is said to have rehearsed his speech on the shores of the sea at Soreuto, wholly un.onscious of the presence of a a merry audience who were seated behind a orag, until a cry of ' Chair, chair,' startled him, whan he,nearly toppled over into the jaws of a shark who was playing about in the briny. Yet more singular ia the adventure of a youug Rivorina squatter, who in the innocence of his heart, made the acquaintance of a lady better known than respected, and intro duced her to his parents, who were equally simple. The good people took her with them in their carriage, aud walked up Collins-street with her, to the intense astonish ment of the knowing ones about town. Presently, however, a friend of the mother called her aside, and asked if she knew with whom she was walking? ' Oh, a very nice youug lady with whom jny son has be come acquainted.' The friend at once un deceived the old lady, who was bo horrified that she fled to her carriage, and has not been since seen on the block. The marriage of a youth of 22 to a wealthy widow, aged 45, has also created some charitable talk, and the youg gentloman has been mercilessly ' roasted' by his comrades. By-the-bye, it may be as well to mention that another young gentlo man, who recently married the widow of a deceased squatter, has gone completely to. the bad. He understood the most of the proportywas settled upon her, and when it leaked out that s\ie had only the interest, aud that this was swallowed up iu the educa tion of the children and other expenses, he might as well have taken a plunge into the Yarraas into matrimony. A Postal Curiosity.—We {Yass Courier) have before us the envelope of a letter which was posted at Yass on the 2nd October, 1871, and whicli for nearly six years past has been on its travels iu search of the gentleman to whom it was addressed. The letter is plainly directed to Bowen Downs, Queens land, and from the numerous postmarks it appears to have been a visitor to nearly every post-office in Queensland. The gentleman for whom the letter was intended died in Yass a short time since, after a residence of several months. The letter was returned to its writer from the Dead Letter Office, Sydney, on the 28th instant. Pigeon Flying.—The two first matclios under the auspices of the New South Wales Pigeon aud Canary Society (late Columbarian Club) were flown last week. These matches are the first of a schedule, the flying of which will extend over four months, to commence with short distance flies to be increased to long distances. The matches which were flown last Saturday were as follows:—One from Penrith, open to all oomers ; the other from Rookwood, for birds of the tumbling breed exclusively, Thero were four entrances for each race. The day was tine, and the flying was extroardinary in both matches. In the all comers, the birds were, as usual, tossed at intervals. Mr. Wright's bird was released at Penrith station, a distance of thirty-four miles from Sydney ; he flew to his home in Sydney in thirty-six minutes. Mr. Marr's bird next, which flew to his home, at Petersham, in the extraordinary time of twenty-six minutes. All the birds which competed did excellent time, but could not equal Mr. Marr's who.was declared the winner by five minutes. Iu the tumblers' match, Mr. Marr's bird of the tumbling species did remarkable time, and was declared the winner; from the time it was released at Rookwood, ten miles from Sydney, until it wa3 in its box at Petersham, eight minutes and a quarter had only elapsed. Mr Johnson was second.—S. M. Herald. Dry Crushing and Concern ating Ores. — Reference has several times been made to Krom's system and macliinery for dry crush ing and concentrating ores, and the success achieved with the Montana's Company's mill appears fully to justify the opinions ex pressed concerning it. The concentrating mill at these works has a capaoity of some 5Q tons daily. In addition to the concentrating mill, the reduction works eonsist of Bruck iter's cylinder's grinding and amalgamating pans, and smelting furnaces, intended for chloredising and amalgamating, as well as for desulphurising and smelting for bullion. No such complete works exist, it is said, in any other miuing region of the United States, capable of taking the ore as mined, and eon verting it into bullion, with such economy and certainty of result. Three Krom mills itu " Nevada and twoin Colorado are working, and; giving equal satisfaction. A Curious Prophecy.—The ClnccigoEveu iiujJournal says :—Just before the defeat o£ Mr. Greeley for the Presidency several gentlemen were congregated on a piazza at Newport. Among them was Chief Justice Chase; another wa3 one of the lirst conver sationalists in the world. The latter re peated, not an anecdote, but a prophecy which had been made by a hermit in Bavaria many years before, and this prophecy was not only delivered, but printed by a number of the Alegmeinc- Zdtung ofaboutl857. 'lhe Austro Prussian war was correctly predicted, as well as the Franco-Prussian war and the taking of Paris. Now for the future. In 1870-77 the Pope is to die, which will causa a general European war. Next Prance and Prussia are to have another conflict. Prance will be defeated and Paris taken for the second time. There will be a partition of Fiance. The Iberian powers (Spain and Por tugal) are to have a large share, as also Italy. Belgium gets the northern part. Holland is ceded to Prussia. All that will remain of France will bo old " lie deFrance," of which Paris is the capital. These results having been obtaiuted, there will be a general acknowledgement of the folly and futility of excessive armament. All Powers will agree to disarm. Swordswillbebeateninto plough shares. The hermit's prophecies for 18G6. and 1870 were fulfilled. It seems as though, the rest might bo. The Pope is in bad health. The chances of a general war grow ing out of theEastern Question are excellent. Should France think the moment favourable to attack Prussia, and be defeated, the conqueror would show no mercy. France would be rendered harmless and her territory divided. The partition of Republican Francs is the dreamof thoPrussian " Junker party." The general reduction of armies is leas pro bable. It is easier to change the map of Europe than human nature. The Value of Street Sweepings.—-From an arcticle in the San Francisco Bulletin, in tended to show the value of street sweepings, and how they can be utilised for purposes of. of cultivation, wo extract the following:—. There are thousands of acres with a produc tive capacity of 50 por cent, less than they' had twunty-fivo years ago. Landowners doi not like to admit such unwelcome facts. But the evidence is clear enough to those who will observe closely. A few years ago forty bushels of wheat to the acre was rather alow average on these lands. The average on the same lands is now below twenty bushels. The street sweepings of San Francisco would probably keep from 20,000 to 30,000 acres of land in good condition, or would double it3 producing capacity. Vet those Bwaoping3 aro not only wasted, but property-holders are heavily taxed for the work. It is not possible to work out a better municipal economy than this? Will not the time come when a company of agriculturists will be ready to sweep the streets of this city, and do better work than is now done for the value of the sweepings'? The vegetable waggons when they leave tliia city usuall go out loaded with the coarsest stable manure. This costs the gardener no thing but transporting, but he is willing to transport it five or ten miles, and wait a year or more until it shall have become thoroughly composted. But the street sweepings are largely made up of fine par ticles, ready to be .applied to land at once ; and the wonder is that a company of vegeta ble growers, or truck farmers, has not long a«o been formed to appropriate these sweep ings in some way. In the city of Manchester,, there is a dust-yard on the outskirts of tin* town to which all the matter, the removal of: is necessary to the cleanliness of the streets; and alleys, is carted. Each load is sorted.. Jt is composed of a miscellaneous, but a very/ useful collection of refuse, repulsive in the.' heap, but systematically separated, and: economically handled, a good thing in hiei its way. The following is an average week's collections:—Paper, 1 ton ; rags, 3 tons ;; dead dogs, cats, rats, Guinea pigs, and other, animals, 2 tons; stable manure, 17. tons;; meat tins and old tin and irAUt, 33; tonB ;; refuse from slaughter-houseSjaiul: fish, shops,, 60 tons ; broken pots, bottlua, aa _80 tons ; vegetable refuss, doormats,, tabla covers, floorcloths, and old straw mattresses;, 100 tons ; fine ashes, 1230 tons ; cinders, 14.00 tons. The city by utilising this material defrays in this way the entire expense uf sweeping the streets and removing the material. The city owns shops, yards, and furnaces, where all this material. is worked over, assorted, disinfected, and converted into fertilisers, paper pulp, mortar, bonedust. for the manufacturer, and scrap metals for the foundries. All refuse which can be turned), to account i» rendered harmless by running; it through a carboniser. Thus a great city not only pays all the cost of cleaning the. streets out of this refuse, but we believe actually has a small balance on the profit side. A Real Ghost Story.—A deal of excite ment has been caused in Plattsburg by the rumour that a certain house in Devon street was hauntod. On Monday night a large number of people assembled in front of the house to listen to the strange noises that were made from time to time, the constable being also on the spot, thinking that- soma trick was being played. After waiting some time a noise like a stone or ball rolling along the house for a short distance was heard, then stopped with a hollow thud, accompaniod with a hiss ing noise. The constable ran round the house, thinking to catch the trickster, but there was nothing there. "By Jove," he says, " I don't believe in ghosts, hobgoblins, or fairies, but that's a queer noise !" One of tho females in the house, whlth more courage than tho rest, spoke up aud said, " Be you ghost or devil, speak, that we may know what you are." Afterwards a slight knocking wai heard like a rat-tat-tat : then a distinct knock. This ghost is unlike the general run of ghosts—it makes itself heard in the day time as well as midnight. Thehousein which ; this disturber of the peace is located is built I of weatherboard, and lined inside with pine, and tho proprietor intends to pull that part of the house down where the noise i& principally heard, to dislodge, if possible, this spiritual visitant. The peculiar nois& that is heard has been noticeable for some time. About two months ago a young man died there. Two hours after he died the same rat-tat noise was heard that is discornable now.—Writing again on Wednesday, ourcontomporary adds. —" The owner of the house alluded to think ing thero is something supernatural about this extraordinary affair, has pulled down several weatherboards to find out the cause, but he could find nothing except one little mouse hole, cobft-ebsbeon thickly interplacea between the studs of the house, showing that nothing earthly hadbeen there."—Newscastlr. Herald. Extraordinary Escape from Death. An extraordinary escape from death is re corded by the Southern Argus, New Souta Wales. It states that on Tuesday evening, the 13th instant, the wife of Mr \\\illiam Storrier, farmer, Gullen, met with a narrow escape from instantaneous death by the reck less use of firearms. Her brother-in-law, w i<> is under 20 years of age, entered her dwelling, and picking up a gun from off the table, whic i he evidently supposed unloaded, althou.gli it was not so, said in a jocular way to her, " Suppose 1 was to blow your brains out or words to that effect. He then presented the deadly weapon within a few foet of ner face and drew the trigger, the consequence being that she received a frightful wouu , occasioned by the discharge of powder ana wadding, close underneath the eye, and wmci penetrated completely through the .rigJ cheek, but wonderful as it may seem, althouHi> perfectly true, the load of shot contained within tho gun passed harmlessly on one sicle, from the fact, it is assumed, of not sufficient distance to spread Assis from her relations was speedily forthconw g, to whom tho foolish young man had terror-stricken with the alarm, bu were no ready means of obtaining B^r8 .. attention that night, and it was no Wednesday that she was removed to bom burn, when Dr Haley did everything P° for her recovery in tho surgery. It is, over, very questionable at present w she may not by this sad affair be depri the sight of one eye. Printed and published byMACKAY and C0.» proprietors, at theiroffioe, Mf>rket-sq'iar& Sandhurst, 