NOTES OF TRAVEL. LIFE IX BULGARIA. Between the Danube and the Black Sea, or Five ears in Bulgaria,' is the title of a new work by Henry C. Barklev, civil engineer, just published by Murray, London. In a review of this bcok, the Field observes thit Mr. Bavk'ey'e life in Bulgaria began in the autumn if 18-57, whm, in company with his two brothers, one older and tfco o her younger th n himself, he went out to make the railway fro a Tchernavoda on the I'anabe to Kustend jie on the B a; k Sea. Bat the five yens which he then sfent in Bulgaria were not the only* time passed in that province. For seven years he was employed on the Varna and Rustchuck railway, and he had tbus large oppor tunities of becoming acquainted with Bulgaria and its inhabitants. This book was, however, eon pie ted bffore the interest in Bulgaria ai d its peoj l- bad reached i's present height ; ; an-1 pr )bab!y Leaau-e of this, Mr. Barkley's views se to the j p -li!i-«l condition of the ijulgari'S^ ase chietiy esoressed i in the preface. From th e we learn thit the Bulga-ians are : mostly feasant pmprlelors, livicg(ju;et'y snd in much com- ' fort oa their land-*, which taey nomini 11 y hold from the Saltan. The injustice aud txr^nny of the Turkish otlicialB a;e the great louroes of their' grievances : and so much are these dreaded that all nourishing villages are est il/lUhed at b true distance from th9 main ri-acB, i-o thit neither Tuikish officials, Tuikish troops, nor Turkish Zaptiehs — above all. Zaptiehs— shall find it easy to reach thtm. Of the Zap tiebs. Mr. BarkUy 8-ys: — ' Tbey a e recriiited from the very lowest and most ruffianly of the Turks. Many, if not most of them, have been brigands, and all aTe roblers. Their pay (even when they get it) is not s iflici nt tj s i:; port tbem, and therefore tbey depend upon their position to secure tbe comforts of life. They live on the peasant*, and all they have, from their pij.o to their hor e has been lxb'jtd trom them. Over and over again I have setn every women and girl of au entire Ch-istian viliage difappear as if by magic at tbe approach of a Znptieh ; and when ho enters the village all tbe men stand staring about watching to see what may take plane, like a ilock of sheep when a strange dog comes among them.' Tbe Bulgirians are net a warlike raca ; they are very industiious, penurious, and nther apiihetic; but as work men aud emp'oyeei Mr, B i; klev | r jierr-.d them to tbe men of all the other ia es with which ho came into conta t. Thf-y are well-grown, healthy, go d-looking, sni '? the village girls, t h m ;rh always rea y for a laugh or a talk, never drift into levity of cjnduct, but seem innately to possess virtue and self-re.;p?ct.' Indeed, though '- the Jinjili-h workmen, men of all sorfsand all characters, lived for months at a time in Bulg.-r villages on the most inti mate terms with tbe women, yet there was never the faintest whisper of scandal.' 'the following account of tbe clothing and dn tilings 'f tbe Bulgar villages completes the brief grneral picture which is presented of tbe popula ! ti n ( f th' province : — '? The clothes of both men and women are entirely home ! made. The men wear a sheepskin cap, either black or white, a short rough jacket ol gooi homespun cloth over a | waistcoat of the same ; loose bagiry knickeibickers, cloth gaiters, and cowskin mocassins. Their underclothes con sist of a linen shirt and drawers made from home-grown flax. The w jjnen, in summr-r, wear a handkerchief twisted iato their long liai- , a liaen jacket gathered in at the wai-t, and a homespu'i wool en peiticoat reaching just fcelow the knee, their f et an 1 ankles let t bare. In winter, both men atid woman w.sar sheepskin jackets, the wool turned inside, and the exteiior prettily embroidered. ' The houses are well and substantially built of either timber, stone, or ' wattle aad dab ;' the dwelling-rooms are generally ovfr a large stable, in which tbe cattle are housed at nigbt. To economiz.' warmth, of which a Bulgar rever l as too much, they leave a hole about as big as a nun's head open through the floor of the rooms iotj the stalle, through which asc it-d-i the heat gent rited by the cattle, and with it a smell you may almost srp ! ThiB is rather trying to fastidious Europeans ; but wiih this except oa tbe rooms are comfortable, dry, clean, and warm. Fum ture there is next to none, for all squat on nnts on the ground, after the manner of Turks. In the si: eping room a: e always found piles of coverlids and woollen rugs, all ma ie by the women, and also in most houses so:ne home made linen sheets. The coverlids are quilted, ci h-r with fine-eombed wool or the down iff the bulrush, and all ave warm and comfortable on a wint r's n'pht, and in summ?r form a soft, bed to lie on.' Mr. Barkley's book is one of the brightest and most lively that for a considerable time it has been our happy fortune to meet ; whi e along with all the good spiiiis — neither forced nor vulgar— there is an underlying ve n of good sense and of earcc8'ne;s as to work which gives tirm nesB ani strength to all that is said. In reading the vo'ump, wo see with the hoj eful eyes of the young men wh'- were encountering haid work and no little danger in the execution of their duty of ra'lway construction; we sympathize w t'l their efforts at making the Lt st of things aider circumstances of a somewhat trying character ; and wo notice with a curious instance the growth of that spec:es of half belief in superstitions which seems almost inevit ably to come upon the inhabitants of Western Europe when they are as=ociated for any length of time with the peoples of tbe East. Of course the abfU 'd notion of the ' Buflle de Dieu' is at once repudiated a9 nonsenBicil. This marvellous animal wai discovered one fine morning, accoi ding to the state ment of the servant Clianthe, 'standing Mitn his fore-feet plantei -n the top of one mountain, ani his hind le: sou the top of another, and spanning miles of valley with his huge body.' This creature required t) be supplied with 500 j ails of milk in the twenty-four hours — which caused a li e in the price of that article aB served to mortals ; ' It was useless arguing with Clian'be, his bel-ef was so frmly fi ed in his divine butfal) there was no shaking it, and on inquiry next day we found half tho native popula tion believed as be d d- We did our utmost to discover how the absurd superstition had '? risen, but we e never able t j nuke anything out When we inquired, after the new moon, how the Buffie was getting on, we were told tbat he had made his communication to a band of w se men, who had written down his instru tions; but then the mountain had opened, at the command of the Buffle, end swallow; d up wise men, instructions, and all ; and there they would remain j u?t twenty years, wlun the wickedness of the world would ba ripe for reformation, and they would be unearthed by some further great convuls'on cf nature !' The book contains a c.'ipital ghost story, the ghost be coming bo familiar that he was known as the ' French corpoial.' We recommend the story as of tie most ' thrilling ' character, and well Euiud to Christmastide. He.tr what Nr. Bar - ley says : — ' I am not superMi ious and do not be'ieve in ghosts, but if this was not a French c urporal, may I ask my reader who he was? I have often puzzled over the. matter, but am ae much inthe dark as ever, and shrjld be most grateful to any syirit who would drop in on me some winter's evening and clear ud the mystery.' But for a' pleasant little superstition— one of those thinja that ' no fellow cin understand,' and that involve a statement of incontrovertible fact — commend na to the clupiir in which Mr. Bark ley confesses thit be is of those persons who 'cannot own a black horse.'' He has tried the experiment over and over again, and 'something aiwnjs happe e.' Let our readers see what he says on the subject in chapter thi ty-tive. There are many allusions to the game to be found oa the great Dobrudja, the eastern j.art of Bulgaria which horde' s the Black Sea. This is a va-t. unlula ing legion, covered with giass, with 'no' ;en leesfrouienito end of it; and the only things to mark the way and relieve the monotony are innumerable Roman barrows, just like those that are to be found in var'ous parts of England.' On this plain great quantities of game were often found. « I used to mount Cole-ei in the afternoon, and, followed by two Persian greyhounds that had been lent us by a friendly Turk named Arif Agha, sally forth ti meet my brothers returning from their work in the country, and till dark we rode over tbe great enoles3 grass plains looking for hares to coarse. There were plenty of them, r-ni whackers thev were, some weighing up to eleven pounds. G utile -h (Silver) and Karah Kush (Blackbird) «ere a mat h for them, and we rarely retu ncd empty-bin led. If we kill-.d more than one we had to ride hard so as to get it from the dojrs bef -ie it was deid, and then cut its throat, ss, if we wishel t - give it away, no Turk wou'd eat it unl- as this was done. So with the partridges we shot and d.dnot eat ourselves, their heads bad to ba netrly ee ve:ed from their bodits. This I confess \\*ai ofle i done at home when they had been deal hours, but it looked all proper. On tatee excursions we often saw great qu&ntiti-; s of game : flocks of big bustard would rise out of shot nnd fly away over the first hill. On the wing they look great, clumsy, heavy lellowe, but when quietly feeling on the ground they are princely bird*, and somehow always re mind me of a herd of deer. Then ' ba r ' would go a small bastard with its quick short stroke of wing and straight flight, apparently goinz mrch faster than he really ie. Then a Bplendid covey of irue English partridges that it did one rood to tool; a-. Quail were also Winston ly getting up, and it was evident we should not f aie badlv wben we had time to get out with oar guns. Ab ,ut three miles along the coast to the ea -t are t sro lakes, the first compara 1 lively small and v- ry shallow, but just bi-yond that is a larger one called Eutgul,' or Milk Lake. This iB a spl n did piece of water, eight miles long an averaging four miles wide. It is only separated from the sea by low sand hills, which are covered with a reedy sort of grass, and the surest find for a hare within miles ; but. ow.ng to the soft yielding nature of the ground, and ihe short, steap iittie hillocks, it takes more than an average good dog to kill one here. However, it was a favourite rile, first, bscacss we often found a fox on the sand-hil'.s which the dogs could easily pick up, and, secondly, beciuse there is no place in Europe we ever saw or heard of where one coald meet with such swarms of a ,uatic birds. It would be b;tter for n:e to cipy a volume of Yarreil than attempt to nune them; but amon^ the most conspicuous were pelicans, swans, geese, mallard, teal, widgeon, both sorts of sheldrake, and scores I do not know byname. The first time I rode d iwn te the smaller lake (it is a mile long, nnd about a quarter of a mile wide) I faw a black and white ma-s covering the face of it. I told Mehm't to tire oft' a pistol, aud when he did so the rising of the birds looked as if a lid had been taken off the water. Tbere must have been many thousands. There were also snipe m the marshy border*, but we afterwards fojnd other swamps near where there w. re many more. ' There is a belief iu England that the bustard is easily killed with greyhounds. 1 never £aw one thus taken, nnl should myself as soon think of ca'.ching crows in the same manner. I often asked the natives if they had ever heard of its being done, and only once hai an answer in the aitirmativo. A shepherd told me that during a etjrrn, in which the rain froae as it fell, he came upon a tlock o' bustards to cjve:ed wi'h ice that they could not rise, and bis dogs kiiled nearly all of them. V'ama lake wsb s- on civered with ice a foot thick; except in a few places where warm land springs entered it. These oj.enp aces were al wa , scovercd with mallard and various other br.-edsof duck, , which were easily killed, but they tai such a strong fishy flavour we could not est them. We also here shot lots of wild swan. They were use-ess for the table, being hard and rank, but we were very glad to get them for the sake of their down. We nai ei the skins on a board and then plucked off all the feathers, under whieh was the soft thick down, half an inch deep. We then turned the skins on the board and rubbed them with fine wo )d ash, wbiih soon dtiel them. We sent great quantities home to friends in England, and I believe to this day some are adorning opera clo.il, 8,&C.;' Of the way in which the Turks tieat their horses Mr. Baskley savs: — ?'First of all, a Turk never is wantonly cruel to any beast, He never strikes or spurs a hoise ia a rage, and all his movements are so quiet aud collected that a horse Boon forgets all fear with him, and to find a restive hei'se is rare indeed. Puiiers are \ cry common, and most Turkish horses have bad mouthi, owing to their being ridden with severe bits from the time they ere first mounted. This will always be bo, for it is ' the custom,' and it is as hard to get a Turk to change a custom as an Englishman ! A Turk neier liles i'ast, aud his favourite pace on a long journey is either a jog or a tripple; the litter is preferred, as it is faster and much easier to the rider. Whenever he passes water, winter o - slimmer, he lets his horse drink as much, us it wat.ts; but, when lie has done so, he rides it on fast at once — he never ;ets it b and still after drinking. If pi esible, he gives it its fill of water half nn hour bef. re tbe end of its journey. Directly he dismounts he loosens tie girth-, aad then leads the ho- e aboat till it is quite cjol. It is tnen put in the stable w tu the saddle on, aad this is not taken off for' an hoar or more. When this is cone, and when it has had water on its way home, it never ' b:caks out,' and never refuses its feed of barley. Hay is unknown in 1 urkey ; except in the shape of grein grass this is not often used. In its place the hoise gets chopped wheat straw, and I may say I have never seen horses in better condition ; and in the thirteen years I was in Turkey I never knew but one that was broken-winded, and that was one of my own that I had been feeding on hay fora month. The 'horsts have no bed to lie on, except in grand Btablea, where the manuie ia all collects, dried to ponder in the sua and then spread utdar the hor^a at night. This is not done for the comfort of the horse, but to make his coat shine, which it does to per fection. A Turk dtsp'sei a mave, tnd nevrly always rides a stallion. The latter are such inveterate fighters thit the groom never dares to leave the s'able, and always sleeps by the side of his horse. It is a British pre judice, and a very cruel one, not to let a horse drink when he is thirsty; and if any of my reader - have a hor.-e that does n,t feed when he comes in fromada/s hunt ng, let him try the Turkish plan ; or, if he is selling his horse cheap for thiB fault, let him drop me a line, as I think we might ' conclude a deal.' ' Mr. Baikley thinks we'l of the village Turks, who, he say*, will fight splendidly as s-ldiers. Tbey aie honest, proud, and careful of their promise, faithful :o their mas ters, be they Mussulman or Christian, hospitable, kind to women and children, never wantonly cruel to an animal, and capable of working as hard as anybody, if they but see a time of re-t before tbem. But of the Turkish rulirs in high places Mr. Berkley's opin'ou is very different. The waste and mismanagement goiag on in a country highly favoured by nature are sad to contem plate. '' The mines of Turkey are much in the same position ag the foreBts, and aie destroyed as much as possible, though thanks to bullock carts not being able to burrow far under ground, there yet remains in them laTge stores of wealth. But these I believe all belong to the Sultan's mamma or grandmamma, and she steadily refuses to allow the Giaour to go grubbing at her riches, and as 6 lie -an't grub herself, fihe and the country might as well he without them. All the coal used by the numerous steame s in the Bosphoras comes from Newcastle or W ales, and the rich mines close at hand remain untouched, or only scratched at on the surface. Doubtless there ie a great future before Turkey, and ' thire is no field like it for European enterprise and capital,' but not till the Turk himself has retired to the other side of tbe Bob phoius and relapse! iuti barbarism, a state from which he has never r ally emerged, nor ever will !' The village theory to locomotives was a curious one: — ' We ofttn used to say, while constructing the line, ' Won't the locomotive astonish the Tu^ks when it first bsginB to run!' At last that day arrived, nnd, as we went up and down the first few miles whistling loudly, we oist our eyeB up to the town above to see ihe crowds rush out. Twenty or thirty slipshod rayahs c ;me lounging out ani a few Turkish child; en, bnt not one fu'l-g'rown Turk, and those we passed hardly Icoked at the train, and showed no astoui-bimnt. After the trains hadb en running a month I askei my servant Alustipha what he thought of it; he answered : ' Tehellaby, I htve not j et seen it; I am a m n, aad don't go ruunirg alter sights like a child.' ' Man or child. MustapUa, if you don't go and see it to-morrow, by Allah, I will make you (at pork ! fori won't live with such an unentcrpri sing feol.' He did go and look next day, and not only that, but afterwards over a cup of offee at the felan listened to a lecture on steam engines, deliveiel by a Tu k who quite understood them. 'Taey may be very tine things, Tchellaby, and you English may make them useful, but God defend a Mussul man from having anything to do with them. We don' like devils and their works, even if we could ca'ch one, and are quite content with the means of locomotioa we n jw possess. Nothing can equal a horse, and a bullock- cart is enough for any one.' ' What do you mean about devils ?' lasted. ' Whv, Tchellaby, is it nit a fact, es t-e lecturer told us, that in England you trap a sroag young devil, end s-hut him up in that great fiie-box on whee's, where you induce him to turn a crank connected with the wheels, and p3y him f -r doing so by giving him cold water to all*y his tortures ?' I afterwards talked to lots of villagers about this, and found the devi- theory had taken deep ro -t : and often I have ssen. a man s ripped, scouring and rubbing at his ga- ments, because a drjp of water from a passing locomotive h ;d fallen on them, vrtiich he believed to have bem produced by the devil spittin?.' Those who love do^s will read with deep interest Mr. Barkl y's stories aloat Old Bob, a pointer ; Jack, a Tran sylvanian dog, something like an English sheepdog with a short tiil ; and a beautiful black greyhound named Sweep. Those who think that ' the proper study of maukind is man ' will find mater als for observation, not only in the desc iptions of BuIgaTsandof Turks, but of Greeks, Al^a n:an?, and Moldavians, and, n t the least curious, of the r-tving English navvy and the Brit:sh sub-c ntractor, as illustrated in the persons of Jack Striver and Yorkey George. We hai marked sundry pzssages as to foxes, badgers, Arc., but epace forbids that we should do more than refer to them. We should have been glad to learn something more of the Roman barrjwe, and of the Roman remains of w hich ei much was seen during the construction of the railway. But learned dissertations would have spjiled thechiiscter of the bcok, and we are very content with it as it is. Any one who wishes to get a vivid notion of what Bulgaria is in times of peace caanot do better than read the volume entitled ' Between the Danube and the Black Sea.' 