Last Wednesday, Mr. Gnoosi brought up the report of the Select Committee of the Assembly appointed in July lust, to inquire into the working and management of the . South cm UUU If cot-clll .kw-aiitvuj, uuu into tlie causes which led to the recent suspension of the Traffic Manager. Along with the report there- are the usual minutes of evidence- and the pro ceedings of the Committee, the whole of which will form tho subject of debate in the House to-morrow afternoon. Meanwhile, an examination of these papers may prove interesting, if not profitable, to our readers. The general impression that the noun 'manage- ment,' as used in connection with the Southern aud Western Railway, would more truthfully express the circum stance of the case, if the prefix ' mis' were employed, ib rather supported than otherwise, by the results of this Com mittee's labours. Most people who have had anv dealings with the depart ment, complain of the circumlocution audredtapeism with whichthey are metat every point ; some of the evidence taken before the committee throws light upon the rationale of this. For example, during tho Commissioner's absence from his office the chief-clerk acts as his locum tenens, and in this capacity once had to write to the traffic manager. His communication was ignored ? by Mr. Lowe ; and why ? Because the chief clerk signed the letter, 'not as Com missionor, but; simply in his own name !' (Vide questions 531-2-3 and 4.) The mind which is capable of such a miraculous piece of hair-splitting as this, is certainly not the kind of material out of which railway manage ment can be evolved. . It might do very well in other departments o£ the State, but in such a strictly commercial undertaking as a railway it can only lead to that slow ness, perversity, and blundering in inauii£;eiiient of which the public now complain with respect to this particular line. If between tho officials of the department themselves there is such capriciousness, such cross-grained con trariety, such monstrous stubbornuoss, how, in the name of common sense, is it to bo expected that the public will faro decently iu their transactions with tho department ? And yet the officer, who confesses that -he refused to recognise an official letter because of the abseuco of tho usual talisinanic signs fromits foot, is patted on the back in every line of that part of .the report which deals with his case. This gentleman, Mr. Lowe, as every one will remember, wns lately under suspension for insubordination, but after one of those perfectly unique judicatures, a Civil Service Board, had safe upon his _ case, and had delivered a somewhat incom prehensible judgment, ho was reinstated l»y the Government with a slight reprimand. Tho Select Com mittee of the Aasombly was to review the decision of the court below ; and this is the substauce of its judgment : — ' 'Whilst fully admitting that it is essential to the satisfactory discharge of the duties of all the various branches of the public service that discipline and subordination should be rigidly en forced, your committee consider that Mr. Herbert has devoted too much of his time to small matters of detail in his correspondence with the Traffic Manager, entirely beneath tho notice of the head of an important public depart ment.' The report goes on to express surprise that the instructions issued to the officers of the department in 1S67 should have been ignored ; atten tion to which, the Committee thinks, would have ' put a stop to the- un seemly wrangles between the Com missioner and the Traffic Manager.' As far as we can see, the observance of the. instructions referred to is not in the least likely to abolish either unseemli ness or mismanagement, so .long as subordinates are upheld in insubordina tion. As the matter stands, Mr. Herbeet has only asked that the observance of these instructions bo enforced; but this has been denied him, by the Civil Service Board, by the Government, and now by the Select Committee. The Minister for Works in 1S67, Mr. A. H. Palmer, laid it down ' That the office of Commissioner for Railways is nnalagous to that of general manager iu a railway company, and should be maintained as such.' As for his relations with the traffic .manager, tlie latter was requested to act under the instructions of the former, both as to ' general manage ment and matters of detail.' Now the Commissioner is practically repri manded for giving his attention to matters of detail. There is surely a singular contradiction here. Experi ence certainly does not lead us to expect much in the way of logic from ?our legislators, but still' we have a right to' look for something else than gross inconsistency from them. To say in one breath that the Commissioner had erred in looking into details, and in the next that the cause of his erring lay in his non-observance of instructions which expressly empowered him to look iuto details, is a piece of logical lawless ness of which wo scarcely thought even a Select Committee of the Legislative Assembly could be guilty of. But the Committee had evidently arrived at a conviction that it had not the courage to express. Mr. Heriieht claimed to be in a position analagou3 to that of a general manager of a railway iu England, and the instructions issued by the Minister for 'Works ten years ago, which have never been superseded, fully support his view of the matter. But when he was requested to define the duties of a general manager, his answer was, — ' Ab far as I understand the position of a general manager, it is this :\ that he acts under the board of directors, which I assume to be- somewhat analagous to the Government here ; and that ho has the control of every branch under his company.' This vague knowledge of the status and functions of a railway manage? can scarcely be held sufficient for one who holds that position. We guarantee the first full-grown man who bought a railway ticket this morning could inform a querist that a general manager of an English railway acts under a board of directors ; and the very title ' general'' implies that lie exercise* control over every branch of the railway of which he is manager. But what is the nature of his control, and what are his precise duties, powers, and responsibilities ? Mr, Herbert could not say of his own knowledge. .All the answers- given by the Commissioner to questions on this head, go to show that he has hardly mastered the rudiments of- his profes sion of railway manager. The com mittee seems to have observed tliis circumstance ; why. then. did; they not recommend a change ? One thing, however, may be said for thoCommiB sioner aB against the Traffic Manager. He betrays an earnestness approaching anxiousness in. the discharge of his duties ; while the traffic managor, whatever his other qualifications may be, seemB to have anxiety for nothing else than his own importance, and the observance of circumlocutory modes of intercourse between himself and hi» brother officials. Ought it be a matter for wonder, therefore, that tha public complain of mismanagement? In the July number of the Nineteenth Century Sir Julius Vo⪙ discourses at longth on Colonial ^Federation, under the title of ' Greater or Lessor Britain.' In a well-written article, occupying twenty-three pages of that magazine, Sir Julius proves — tohis own entire satisfaction, at all events, — that the present relations subsisting betweon the mother country and the colonies are unsatisfactory ; that there is a pro cess of disintegration inactive operation by whicb, sooner or later, the colonies will be .separated from the mother country; that there is an urgent necessity for doing something to arrest this disintegration ; that a union de pending upon tho pleasure, for tho time being, of tho different parts of theempiro means separation sooner or later ; that under tho imion-during- pleasure condi tion much is being done to hasten separ itiou ; that the tnothercountry is entitled io retain andconsolidatehcrpossossions ; that confederation is desirable, and ivould be fraught with advantage both to tho parent country and tho colonies in the shape of increased trade, in creased value of property, the aug mented happiness of the people, and tho saving of much misery and disaster ; ind that the accomplishment of this Federation does not present great diffi LUilties. Wo snid this is a well written article. Sir Julius' hand has evidently not lost its cunning:. The ex-editor of the Otago Witness is quite competent to resume the editorial chair, and perform the editorial duties as efficiently as of j-ore. ? But tho article only dazzles by its brilliancy. It does not convince ; nor even so much us exercise a disturb ing influence upon the convictions of others who hold different views. This at all events is the way in whicn it strikes us. Wo deny the premises, ind therefore are not likely to accept the conclusions. What ground is there Bor asserting that the relations between the mother country and the colonies are unsatisfactory? What colonies or solony is at the present time dissatified, ind why ? Who has heard any com plaints of late years against the rela tions which subsist between the mother jountry and the colonies? Certainly aur worthy Premier worked himself up into a state of excitement some months igo because Lord Carnarvon could not see his way clear to advising Her Majesty to assent to the Goldfields Regulations Bill passed last session, but he was soon laughed out of it when Parliament met. This dis satisfaction between the colonies and the mother country must surely be a stage ghost which Sir Julius bas raised in order to surround it with & glare of red aud blue fire — and then Qause it to. vanish amid the plaudits of a crowd of admiring spectators. It has been our special business for many years past to narrowly watch public opinion on this side of the globe, and our observation and experience lead us to the very opposite conclusion to that nrrived at by tho New Zealand Knight. The relations between the mother country and the Australian colonies at sill events have been growing more aud more amicable ever since Representa tive Government was conceded to them, md now, and for some years past, our relations with the mother country, md those of the mother country ivifch us, seen; to be as pleasant md agreeable as heart could wish. We ask for nothing in reason from the Imperial Government which is denied us, and the demands of the Imperial Go rernment upon us are few and they are ?eadily and willingly granted. This being so, we deny that there s any urgent necessity, or any necessity whatever, to alter exist ng relations. A few restless busy jodies like Sir Julius Vogel always reel an urgent necessity to do some ;hing or other — if it be only mischief. Phey are never happy unless they are n a paroxysm of excitement, either ibout private or public affairs. Such )eople prefer to bo notorious rather ;han unnoticed, and always think they :an manage other people's business to jerfection, although they generally loglecfc to mind their own. But the treat bulk of the people in this and the idjoining colonies are quite content o act upon the safe and sound naxiin of leaving well alone. . It nay be that ' a union depending upon he pleasure, for the time being, of he different parts .of the Empiro, neans separation sooner or later.' If o, be it so. When the skies fall all he- little birds will certainly be killed, mt in the meantime the little birds are lot worrying themselves over such a emote contingency. And they could tot influence the result if they did. Neither can the people of these colonies tor the Imperial Government adopt any lourse at the present time which will -revent in the remote future a separaT ion of the Australian Colonies- from he mother country, if that be lesired or rendered necessary by lircumsfaances which may then, arise, mt -which cannot be so much- as ruessed at now. We may give hostages ;o fortune in this respect, but we iannot control future events by my sueh undertaking. All we :ould; do- would be to hamper in some iegree the action pf our successors,, and inter into conditions which our chil Iren's. children might be compelled to 'epudiate with much loss and suffering. Phis, is exactly what we have no right to lo. The conditions under 'which we itand to- the reBt of the Empire are,, on ;he whole, very satisfactory to both sides.. Why alter them rudely and suddenly, for no better reason than to prevent our descendants from in sisting upon other conditions which may be more suited to them and the times in which they live ? And, above all, why alter them in the manner suggestedby Sir Julius Voqel? He thinks Federation, and a Council of Advice in London to the Secretary of the Colonies, composed of Represen tatives of each colony, would accom plish all that is necessary to keep the British Empiro intact for all time to come, and bring blessings innumerable to the people of those colonies. We do not want to try the thing. Queons knd, above all other colonies in Australia, would have bitter cause to regret Federation with a ' Council of Advice in London.' As the least populous colony of the group, in proportion ft tho area of land within her borders, and the most remote from Melbourne, she would be in an infi nitely worse position than when only a neglected corner of New South WaleB. Our representatives would be out numbered and out-voted in the Federal Assembly by the representatives of Victoria and Now South Wales, and we and our destinies would be at the mercy of such men as now rule Victoria. The' pick of our public men would be sent away to tho Federal Council to protest in vain against tho neglect,' injustice, and wrong which is. invariably inflicted upon tho weakest Sfate in a confedera tion. For years past British Columbia has been goaded almost to desperation to got separated from the dominion of Canada, and Queensland would inevit ably be_ the British Columbia of an Australian Federation. And, while our best men were away, tho government of tho province would fall into the hands of inferior men, and the people would be the sufferers through the change — and all this for some doubtful advantages .which the advocates of Federation assert would arise through an equal tariff in every part of the continent, and additional powors of oft'ence and defence against an imaginary enemy from outside. It is hardly likely that any considerable number of the people of this colony will be led away by such clap-trap. 