? IHteJhrater OS, TWENTY-FIVE TEAKS OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE. Though shadows ffsther.-jnrtthinefades, And life appears a vale of, sorrow;' .: Faint is tho lieart that God upbraidfi— The sun will shine again tomorrowl EPOCH m.—EBTEIfiUHON. Paet HI. ScEN-E II. BY D O N A L D C A M E R O N t Author of " Scripopolis."d-c., &c.; 0«B readers will, no doubt, have guessed Htte changes whioh have taken place in the jUEtory of our characters since the - awful tragedy at DiBmal Glen, but it may be as well. « tatfly review, the incidents of that eventful fenoa. Both Flora W Mrs. Sinclair were W for weeks afterwards; indeed, their lives "ere despaired of; but the affectionate care otPeroy, who had the befet medical advice the "telnet could afford, brought them round ; Wd at last they were able to again sit rennd fireside, greatly changed indeed. Mrs. ^aolair had aged beyond belief. The "meties, troubles, and excitement o! the few froths snooeeding her husband's death'had pored too much for her, and she broke f 0 ™' fortunate, indeed, was it for her' : Mstterson had camped out on the hill that 7»;:elee she would have .died, and with perhaps, Ailee and flora. And fortu-: ««e, . indeed, was it lor Percy .himself. A- (T v*? pleasing care devolved -npon him; S "M« object for which -to live, and, in the headship ofthelamily he became pother man. Harry sold'out his share in o aim at Sludgetown, and Percy and. ™aeelf began to develop the lode they had "Moyered at DiBmal Hill. The yields ob- from the surfaoe atone were Euffiri. "y handsome to erect plant and ma- Jr !!8 7, t0 emt, and -to leave a, jgoodfca lance; « good house was built, and on the site of the hat la wh W j i °li Mrs. Sinclair had '•'8hS . Wo8e a mining town that rivalled : , ™8elown, for, ol course, the pioneer mine 8 ?° snooessful, claims were taken up in ««y direotion; and some of tbeni did well, •S«°f B ? one £Ter topped the golden Sinolair which was one of the beBt m the: X , The "turns were, indeed, splenan 4 "hen an- ofier was made to turn H «"»a:publi0 company, Percy and Hairy sold S f e a m ^ rellr8d With R fottcLie ^T 0 ad ,, A Ud ' E1bi6 had been buried on ajittle jtisB: ™™ flietance from the house. Percy had ajoae CDC lo6are plaoed arotuid'the grave, ^"wi * "^^'oie: bearing 4he^^inscription^ oivfi 6 ™ c!air . mardered by bushrangers' ^e l? 1 ® of August, 186—." There S r r hearted woman, who had lived har d w !s feare d - because of the gloomy and : S f she, m her ignoranoe and toSaV 1^6' th0 D ht t0 be 8 faith mcnl- : . ,"5 Christ, took her last rest. Ho one ^ 5 &u; felt that, after her last act; better ahe was dead. and ltette d so greatly .that y l u , i6temiOEa to send her loEngkil^ , mo t ber, while ihe jnine wis gg opened and tins was of vast benefit to Dew eoeBef haa »„)i . ^e ^eat sorrow- that them W * B and m < 8m«iaa im rite tomb* old home again; alas! to find it a home no longer. Ail whom ehe had known had W smo- died or gone elsewhere, and she foundherself among strangers. Only theiam&sr; features of the landscape were unaltered— ihe streams and hills and plams-and with" these she oommnued, recalling the past and 8 w ? e n. a happy, hearty lass, she was' courted and won by the love of her heart:' Spun oinclair, althoughhis dour siBter, .Elsie, 1 discouraged the wooing, saying John was too' good for a dairymaid I How little she then dreamed of what would happen afterwards— orthat sister's terrible death? ; r ::••; became, tired i of travelling, and she. resolved to go to Italy and finish her musical education. It would give her a part m the ,businessM;the great world;-it would make her independent of ally reverse of fortune, and-help to-wean her from the regret? which i seemed eternal. leaving "her son at « pri- i vate academy in England, ehe went, with her' mother, to J?iorecce, where they resided in a ? villa. Here she applied herself to the gteat task of beginning again at the bottom of the ladder; entering .upon . her studies only to discover how little she knew of Singing. But her maet erst old her her voice was a priceless organ, and she persevered. After an appearance at La Soala; m Milan, and: in Vienna, Bhe sang in Paris; and then, after 'some negotiation, obtained the opportunity to try her fortunes -in Druiy'Lane, the great ambition of her life. • How did she feel towards the man whohad been so cruel to her; who was guilty of su'oh terrible -crimes ; who mferentially aided in the murder of her aunt ? Flora persuaded herself that she hated-him ; that she would be revenged upon him j yet," how weak* and forgiving the heart of-woman 'is. Though she tried to persuade herself to -the contrary, ; Flora leved him still, and circumstances could have aiade aU her old -passion return. • If,' in her wanderings, 1 she had met him,: poor, penitent, iorlorn, the beautiful' woman , would have forgiven him, as she -hoped God would forgive her,' and taken" him to her heart—for she was still willing to believe that he wasimore sinned against than sin-; aing, that-a perverse fate wks.-more to blame thaii- himself. What if -he was weak, sinful,'unfaithful,he washer first,'her only love! Even as she' pursued her - ambition; 'and worked hard to become a great singer, how often-did her cheeks glow when she thought of the chancet when making a great debut, that- }i£ would be in the audience, and would be astonished and-proudl ..." .: Theniine having been Bold, and affairs in Au6- traliasetlled^Harry/and Percy eagerly.presBed on to England, Percy to see his mother, sister, and_nephew, and, to .witness Flora's 'debut; Harry to achieve the . great purpose^ though how, ho did not himself very clearly know,• nor would he communicate to Percy aught of that dread and mysterious past, which brooded upon ;Sum like a- nightmare, and. made him at times almost insane. - . And thus.it was that obi, dramatis :pirsonnee were assembled in London to begin the.^finaV aot :of the- < tragedy. ".How. Horace Leigh came there, iime will-explam. • • . , . - jScEKE in., In a luxurious garloni at the Langham Hotel late-on that alight «at three men. A guests were =two CTondonieteetives. One of thelatterwasanoldjjian/theotherquite "ar spruoe and smart juvenile,-with all the put on ait,<if the Eemi-Bnobocra(iy of '.Iiori'don. :He wore nnexcbptionable clothing, grew his heard safcobrding ..to^he' ; ffishion,femok6dJM cigar Uke a real swell,'" and spoke with the' total disregard of the letter r, whioh is sup- posed .in some circles to be the shibboleth of gentility end fashion"; occasionally, 'lapsing into ridiouious pocknejism. The elder man was; quite different; in'iaot^thereiwas something about him of St. OileB,. and he spoke witfcan unmistakeable Cockney acoent, without the elaborate attempt at concealment of his -plebeim origin-:whioh -distinguished his junior. ....- ; ' . Mad Harry—he still kept his real name ncsaled.; "from everyone—was evidently greatly excited. i - - • ...•'..-.- , '" Wellj" said he,- as he put down his glass of winei almoBt untasted, 'f have you performed your, task, have you examinedinto the oasel placed before you ?" i., ; ; " We have, sir," said the elder detective. ^ ?',-And iwhat have,ybu,.found? Touhave been a-long time, over the aBair." > " It was werry difficult, sir," said the detective, ft werry difficult, for we'd to go • back such a long time." , .; i "Well, what have you found?" ..cnedi Harry. : :r . - . • " We have learned, sir,", said the detective, draining ofi-aiglass,of; port,:" that jn the year 182— there was great excitement in: Hengland hover a -crime committed by Mr. Henry Hayter, the only son :of .a Midland counties . squire, who, though he 'ad no title, was one; of the: richest men in Hengland.. He was tried—" "Eutwhat was the crime?!': ^ :. . • " Well, sir, it (geems has -fe wor. a fast friend of yoang Lord Badnor, the eon of the then Earl of Bncclesleigh—" " Good,"isaid -Mad:Hany. " Very good." " And that the two were always together. They were well-known in Lunnon as two of the. -wildest; scamps •. of -the, June, and iwild young soamps were as plentiful then as street-arabs now. - Welli • all of a suddint, a beautiful girl, with whom Lord Radnor was living, waB found murdered, her throat cut, sir, and young Hayter was discovered hiding in the house. It was proved, sir, that Lord Badnor was at the family seat, which adjoined M» Hayter's properly, and also: that youngHayteriWastmadlyinlovewith the girl, who chose Lord Radnor instead. She d been a member of the bally at Droory Lane. And what, made things-more certain was that young Hayter had blood on his clothes. There was no doubt he'd done the deed; and if it weren't for the influence of his friends, he'd been<shanged; but they.^ot" the sentence of death changed to transportation for life. It seems Lord Badnor tried hard to save him m givm' evidence." " Of course—of course," said Harry, with clenched hands and teeth. " But he 'ad to give in to the lawyers, an! tell the truth." « But did not young Hayter tiy to taake some defence ?" " He did, air; he said that Lord Badnor had killed the girl because he found ehe.haa: heeh-fflhfaithtuli^^ and- that he chanaed to come' to see: him, and he haxed him s to help him to oonoeal the murder, and J it, m their attempts to carry the body to the cellar, the blood had got on to hit olothes. At last, Lord Sadnor told him he would go tor a man who would do the job, and he had waited his return, but he never came back. Instead of that, two servants of Lord Radnor's came and found him in the -house. He tried to hide, ioz -fear, bat they ferretted him-ont" " Did anyone -believe him J" •"Hot a -souyBir 5 it was too transparent altogether. So the ..young fellow was sent o2 to Australia, and waB heard of no more." "Xoa have ferretted that case out pretty, well," said Harry. "-Now, what about the other case,'that of LordJBadnor, the son 'ol T the man you'-have mentioned." \- u Well, sir, that'mmach clearer, Jbecause it happened later. Xiord JBadnor-^the son of the 'lorikrye mentioned, ?nhb "became Lord Bnoclepteigh through his iatlwr'i -death utter .young - Hayter was . transported— turned out as wiia as his father—" "Stay," said Harry; "what became of Hayter's parents ?» " They were never able to lift up their ;heada arterwards, and died of broken hearts. But to oontiner. Young Lord Badnor, as soon as he '-ad got Irom'colledge,- got to play-; ing.all.kinds 1 of- pranks; and went it in: •Lunnon. : \The family" was -poor, " very poor/ though they'ad expectation from a wealthy, •relative called - Seaforth,' but there were several* • persons who - stood between 7 'em.' However,; arter a while, the old lord got the: •young one to consent .to marry a very wealthy heiress. They hadn't been married a few months,- ,when up turns a young girl whb! claimed .to-be the young.lordlsj wife; an'jyoul way -gueBS there-, was-, a; shine; •: ; Hbwever,i JheiyouDjj aordsdeolared he'd:never seen -her; ,-afore..:HiB-wife:waBnotpleaaedwithMmfor all that, an 1 she leaves him and goes to live by herself. Two daya arterwards the young, woman who claimed to be Lord Radnor's, wifo was found murdered in her cottage. The police soon got to making inquiries, and from: what they heard they made sureLord Badnor had killed her oat of revenge."" " And did they oatoh him?" " Not-they; he was-too fast for them. He got some inkling of their suspicions andcleared out." - \ " HaB he ever been heard of . .*'.Not till we .made, inquiries a few weeks, ago, when you put;us ou the scent. But I ought. to say that Lord JBucelesleigli had a younger son who Went as midshipman, and waB BUppbsed to be drown^ediu'a war veEBel as.iwent dpwn on the high seas, and wlien the gentleman to whom you drored our attention came home quite .a lot was" made of hitn, for the father gave out ai: hiB sop, ; .Lord Badnor, had died .lbhg ago, but this one was the son whb lia'd becu in the Ship. He'd been picked up by an Australian vessel, and had lived in the bush for years. He'd done very well on the diggin's, an' didn't ca^e to come home as the famUy weire : BO poor an' he 'ad no hexpectaiions whatever, and; didn't care much for his father. But, 'apponing to hear as -all the Seaforths 'ad died out-^-one oh 'em was smotheired in" a; sh'afton a goldfield in New South ;"WaleB—he came home to take the property." . " And did everyone think this story was true?"- •• • "In course they did.' Wby,'thedld affair^ had died .out ^of -everyone's mind. The detectives hadn't the slightest idea of anything being wrong until you saw us. when, after going over the files of the Times, we got hold, of all the particulars. He was made quite a: lion of in Lunnon society." " And do you think the story is probable ?•' "Not a bit of it," cried the young detective. " Why, it is all ae -plain as—haw—mud: in a wine- glass, when one has becomet'acquaioted with the facts—haw. . You see, we -read the account of the Bhipwreck, audit's as. clear there as daylight that the youager eon went down. Here's the paragraph that we : ^copied out of ,the r i m M . " ' . . ; Mad Harry grasped ihe document and read it with furious eagerness. It ran £— r>- ;i ' "Amongst those who .were lost was a promiBingyonhg^ William Seaforth. --The boats made an ineffeojiual aitemptitoigetihimioff. 4he wreckj but the^&aEtrophe-foiB; of a human berng was discovjBred." - . ''Tiiere, j-on seej" said the yonnger detective, ".tliere'a.no doubt on lt. This man -is IiordBadnor, andihe cIever rase of perBonat-: ing his yoiinger.broiher was got np as the knewhecouldaotBhow.hiBfacein-Englaiid^ long ago as the murder took place, as liimsolf." , :;-.;•'-'/ ' ; And what are .you ^oing to do ?? .asked' Mad Harry, almost fiercely., : We would ;not 'doi, any think,?! repiiedihe: elder imian, •'..un'til^e'di seen you, who'd^sgt 1 us on the scent." . ,. . .,, , ••„••., ." " Well, all; haste, and "arrest^^him this^.night," ^ " But why BO fiuddint ?;' asked .'the de'tec-, tive. - : ' r It*B,"a serio'uB thing to., do Anythingwith lordfl/ and there's a ;iot . of, formidas to; .be hobserved." ' , ." , Whateyer, you do," said Mad Harry, ''do it ijaibkly, or he will escape.'', "'On- can' iio?" 'qnerieS- the .^detective.; '. He haBn't^he slighteBtidea of what's going on. .Why, he's,,been recognised"))y': : ali as the .younger son." ' " '' . " " "Hehas no idea!" cned Mad Harry. " J tell you, don't- be mistaken about this. He knows the-worst to-night, and you'll lose the, -bird before one day is over unleBB you are sharpj Away withyou, and I'll Bee that you i are rewarded:- Put all the machinery of. the; deteotive office at-work, or all is iost." " Depend upon it, sir," said both, neiug, he won't- escape. We'll consult with our i chiefs at onoe." ; The men went out, leaving Mad Harry alone. -His face was illumined with a strange : joy, and he walked >np and down the room, like a man whoBe youth' had been renewed. :-'.•' '' Dead! dead 1—all dead 1" said the strange man, as he paced np and down the room withthe.elastic step of-iyout-h; and- there: are: no means .of clearing -the grand old name of the shadow that has fallen on it. nor of • recovering the >estateB, -which: have gone :.to« strangers. But what need? Am I not the IsBt of the honoured race ? -Vengeance only zs left, and that vengeances within jny reach. And an awful revenge I—darker and more temble than'theiseenBs of thoBe melodramas InBedfoattendin my youth—of the aensation -novelBil have .read in later,days; Good. God l i-'could -grind < them,to jpowder l I could burnlthem to-asheB 1 X could— But,, there j it I «llow these fierce passions to .surge through my heart, I will go mad again. J feel my reason tottering. Through the son I will strike the father—through the son will Jo)in Sinolair be -avenged; as l swore by :hie dying bed. When I think of the terrible retribution in store, I begin to have some glimmering ;4hat;; after ail, there is » God^a. jnBt .and ; avenging TDeity^who, -. though: He ailowe gadt lor a eeason to he trinmphant, in the end overwhelms it in shame." " "What's the matter, Harry ?" asked Percy, walking into the room. " Do not over excite yourself ; remember the weak state of your -tram " "Matter 1" cried Harry. " Sit here and I will tell you." "•i - And ihe "rapidly - went over the story of-the detectives, without adding anything to it himself.' Percy was astounded. " How the darkness begins to roll away," said he, "and I understand some of the mysteries which heretofore puzzled me, Now I understand the awful agony of your lifetime. But there is one thing that gives me joy unspeakable. It is plain to me that,- after all, Horaoe was not a mamed man when he married my sister. She is his wife; Hariy is legitimate. Heaven be praised! But what wUl be done to him 3" "He will-die on ihe scaffold." "Both were: unoonBcioaa 'Ihat a listenerhad been present 1 all the -.time. s'taiidMg' af the door in aniatfitude oJ -intense intereBt; a listener who tumed her-'eyes hetivenwardB when Percy spoke. It was Flora. "But the moment -Harry,pronounoed<the$ awful .doom ofjherhuabandiVshe.sta^gered .away^and hurriedly went tovher own apartments' There the passed a-sleepless inght. ^tthe critical momentier womatfaieart jeioKiUo SMB anwjned as a felon.. A.thousand excUBes^arose before her j-the strong .passions-of youth; a crime committed in a moment of insane rage; these were the excuses her Jove invented, and for hours she:lay awake; tossing about in agony,, thinking,, thinking, how this wretched man could be saved; The same night. Lord- Bncclesleigh and Lord Badnor left London suddenly for Bubclesleifeh Hall, to the no small astonishment of the fashionable world,- when they heard of it next day. . • SCEKE IV. About the same hour Horace Leigh, or, as, we will now call him, Lord Badnor—for the reader has by this time tiuderstood the posi • tion^—sat.intbedrawing-room- of • thefamily mansion in Grosveaor- sj}aare, face to face withJiis father. The two men looked pale and anxious. A nameless horror seemed to weigh them down to the earth. : la a few words'Lord Eadoor's histoiy -since? the tragedy at DiBmal Glen may he aven, He had -esoaped with Mick Bradley to New Zealand, after a senes of exciting adventures. In that colony he-had joined with his companion the very large hand of " travellers" which infested the West Coast diggings These were men who lived by their wits, frequenting the hotels and playing -cards or dice with-the -".soft" or drunken diggers, whereby, tbey managed to make considerable sums of money,-which they spent, however, as soon as they acquired, according "to the true instinct of vagabonds. Lord Badnor, the scion pf a noble race, educated and refined, sank fast into the miry slough in which his companions' had become ^submerged; and became' essentially one of ' themselves. Naturally- weak and inclined to pleasure; -passionately fond- of wine and women, he took readily "to the dreadful life. Besides, in suoh company, and in the whirl of low dissipation, he forgotthe past; that dreadful past, which haunted him like an evil dream, and ifor; the time forgot the terrors of the police; rHis -cowardly nature made'him ever fear an officer of the law. He moved about very little in daylight, and when, he did, he slunk through' the '/streets thinking every glance cast at hiiii was one of suspicion. There is no telling to what depths he would' have > fallen. : He*- narrowly escaped their fortunes were very low, Mick had proposed to form.ahand.to rob.miners travelling from the goldfields to ChriBtchurch or Dunedin; who had generally good " swags" of gold on them, and thus imitate the horrible Exploits of the Manngatapu murderers;' Sullivan, Kelly, Levy and Burgess, who murdered travellers in the most atrocious manner for their, gold. Those who. know anything of Australian history will remember the career of .these .men, who'made the part of New Zealand where they ware ahell.ior a time, and who spent the proceeds of their murders in wild sjarees, in'the" course of which they let out sufficient to cast suspicion npon them. Snl^yau lumed Queen'B (ivid^ence and ea;ed : his own neck, white his comrades remained firm to the last, never opening their lipe. .What an awful romance of ^rime that was 1 Who but does not remember that the free -pardon^ granted -to the villain Sullivan tamed out a farce; that he .was ^compelled to fly '-for his life to JorpSipSblM aaent,tired ?ofe;himself^^:and;his^^.complamth,"- ,smuggled Jiimaway. to: England, 5 whence,"..in ^-'ahart^-tune-lw -Iiad'-.'to:gof«8<rIife:«M.aindeunbearable, owing to the espionage of the police, who niade iim inown to everyone ; that he returned to 'Victoria, the colony in which he had resided when the; goidfields first broke out, only to bo apprehended and sent to gaol; to be ieleaeed'ajain; .after remaining in '.durance -vile for some time, through hisiuowledgeaof thelaW; that; afterwards, his house waB-besieged, at Wedderburn, and iTe Btood -in danger.of his life; that everyone refused to even, -speak to him, or supply him: with the necessities of life; and that at last he,has .disappeared,, no one knows where.. .Truly, Sullivan :will be the Wandering Jew of Australian -history. Lord Badnor narrowly escaped that fate; himself and; his^ desperate compahiohs were meditating sncta^step;' wlien a Sbiiple of diggers, who had made a pile in the 1 guUies, returned to Hokitika; and Mick Bradley cleverly relieved them, - with hiB companions' aid, at poker, in a few .nights. This set the coterie np for a little while. " They- then'/began wandering about New-Zealand," from- goldfield to gold£eld,;ocoasiocally spending a lew months in gaol, until .they became, so well known, and the miners so prudent, in consequence of gold .not being so plentiful, that they discovered, as Mick Bradley said, " that the game was played out." It was at this time that the scheming bram ot Mick Bradley conceived an idea, which was ultimately worked out. As a matter of course he^bad long since gathered from Arthur (that was Lord Badnor's Christian name) his true history. At first he thought little of it. for he felt 1 that; owing to his youthful crime, he could not appear-in-England or claim anything ;. but during one of the conversations a brilliant idea -flashed through his mind, it was to trump np a story, and to make out, Arthur to be his brother, William ;who was drowned years ago. : -Arthur, who was .but a tool m the -hands of bis cleyerer thongb lower companion, at once wrote to his father, givmg the outlines of the plot. After a long time a letter arrived irom the old- lord;-requesting Arthur to. write a-communication; giving the stoiy of the supposed Wilham, the details of which he .supplied. An affecting, letter was concocted and sent. Ab a matter of fast, the old lord wanted to get the JSea forth estates, which were ,specially entailedto'j his heir. Months again elapsed, and another letter arrived stating that tEe bait had taken, and'that- no danger was to he apprehended. Arthur-was to sail at onoe, and a draft was forwarded to him. The two: friends departed for England,- and-on arrival they found' everything smoothed, -for them.- To say, however, that Arthur: waB free from the 4 error of ithe; punishment,; of. his -crimes would be wrong. . He >waB mo .longer young; and his health was: broken by hiB irregular -and ,diesipated life,;v , Though .he soon reco-? vered all the outward appearance of aliandsome arietoorat, be was, in reality, weak and nervous He cared htlle to move in society, and preferred to lay in bed half the day; read' theremainder,.and at,night-seek some haunt of dissipation., in which alone he .could enjoy himself. He had beoome a perfect slave to the dice-box, and was known in London bb one of the best xhicken.hazardiplayers -m the higher circles of gamblerdom But for all that, there was. the constani fear that ihe ghost of the past would rise np to confront him, and that he would be flung down from Jus high eaiatej and executed as a common felpn. , The horror that fell upon him when he discovered in the new prima donna, hiB lost wiie, waB.lherefore profonnd; and it was the greaternbeoause he ,6aw:«he -had recognised: him. -' But if a climax to .'hiB teri-or . waB seeded, it was supplied when, on rising .from his box to hasten away from "the theatre, he saw Mad Harry, Percy, and his own son. To say that he fled from the theatre is not. figurative. He rushed^out into the darkness, and, disregarding his own 'carnage, took the first hansom and drove home, imagining all; the time that the furies of the law were in jursnit.1 j- .j •» . Whilp toning enrerit Jug own'ttlntf what to do, the .'obvious course being to fly to South America.with all the wealth he oould realise, he was surprised to hear his father's ioiea, and ;a s £hort hate he entered the room, closing the door. 'Arthur looked np, : and .oonfused as • his . mind was, he was Btartled at Lord Bucclesleigh's appearance. His. face was of. an ashen grey. He threw himself into a chair, and clasped his hands- ""What is the,matter with you?" asked Arthur. "I might as well ask that question of you," fiercely, replied, his father. " Why did'you leave the theatre so suddenly ? ' "Beoause the.devil conjured up spectres of the past from whom I fled," replied Arthur. , " And the. same: fiend .treated me to oik spectre, and such a spectre," groaned hiB father. "Who? what?" cried Arthur, his mind at ones reverting to the many strange allusions. Mad -Harry "had made at Silver- • water Bend: .." Can:this Mad'Harry be—' " Henry Hayter," replied -his father, putting his hands over his face- \- " My G-od!" cried Arthur, " then both of us are lost." ""Whatdoeshe wanthere, with his damned, accusing face f" exclaimed Lord Bncclesleigh iuriously, rising up and walking hurriedly across the room. " He knows he can do nothing;. He has no evidence; he can have no evidence. I am secure against him. But is he here to haunt me like a spectre, to dog me to my death. Curse him! I thought he was dust andasheslongago; that he could not live through the horrors and privations which he muBt have endured. 1 have read'in legends of dead bodies which became animated wifch a devil, and wandered up and down 'thf earth to ruin and destroy, and surely this is one. It cannot be he, and yet his look—it froze my very blood." " It is be," replied Arthur. And he briefly narrated all he knew concerning Mad Hairy. His father listened with a face which was clouded with shadows of pain, and irritation... " Poh 1" saidihe, " I have it. . .This ™™ shall not rise up as my accuser, he shall not breathe the same air. He was exiled for life,"aiid'lie is illegally oh English ground. I will have him seized by the police, and sent hack to whence he came." His face cleared up, and he looked quite relieved. Lord Bucclesleigh had of late years become an altered man. From his earliest youth he had pursued a life of sensual pleasure, sparing no woman, in his cruel and devouring lust, but at last nature had refused to obey his calls upon her, and desire died with the food it fed upon. It was then that two new passions arose in his soul, the-love of gold and a superstitious religion—his sophistical mind making these two discordant-feelings agree. .The old. sinner seemed to feel that he was upon the verge of the grave, and he hoped to make .his peace-with heaven ere he departed into the Hereafter, without, however, sacrificing one of his.inclinations. . .'.'-It isiimpossible," said Arthur, after his father had ceased speaking. "Impossible! Why?" asked -Lord -Buoctesleigh.'[imperatively;> " What- do you mean?" . -. \- '.For'a .while. Arthur's lips' vrere'g-lued wiflr terror. -. He had not. told his father of his rible tale. " " ; . As Lord Bucclesleigh listened to the confession of -Ks.'*sbn,^the dark clouds returned to-his jface, and iong ere tho close it ."wore an: evil look, in. which fear .was mingled. It seemed to this bad, cruel man that after all his sins-were to,find him out in .this world; .that, as, here, he ..had ierred, here-he would suffer. "Fool! Idiot! Madman!" he halfscreamed, when the last words.of the confession came from the blue, ^trembling hps of Arthur. " Tou have ruined us all. I feel that, through you we are in the meshes of a net from- which escape seems impossible. This man, Henry Hayter, appears possessed of a devil and will hunt us to the death. He will place tha matter in the hands of the detectives,. and" they will ferret out of the newspapers of the time the details of the sinking of the war vessel, and then it will be plain to any jury, that "William could not have been saved. Death, a horrible death, must lie before you, and, therefore, you must fly . at once. Even to me all this may be fataL . He may again demand justice of his country, and have some hew facts. I know not what to do. " He. resumed his promenade. "There ,is nothing for it," said Lord Bucdesleigh, " but for you to fly as early as possible. "He cannot take steps very quickly; your rank shields you, and-throws a thousand obstacles in the way. Let us go to Bucclesleigh Hall to-night; there we will be safe, for, in case of emergency, you can hide in the secret chambers. I will realise some of the property, and get you sufficient money. Up and away—we will have time to work out the problem at Bucclesleigh." And by the last tram the old peer and his son. were whirled away to Bucclesleigh Hall, which-wasnot very far fronr-the metropolis, \- (To be continued.) 