THE SIGN OF THE CB0SS; OB, he Gkub un> Gumma o? ak Ajtouoih No-Pofebt Cahoh, beiko Posibcritt No. 6 to an Anglican Re>otob. 70 Blank-street, Melbourne, 16th Nov., 1877. Mx Dear Sector,—Before going any urther in model illustration of tbe onderful logic of your wonderful Noopery Oanon 30, I think it advisable o set forth in order as they stand, the gems, be principal statements, which that canon akes concerning the Cro-s and the making f tbe Sign of the Crone. For these gems of tatements are the historic data from which our eanon makers drew their wonderful ogical inferences; and these data should be tudied before tbe full force of the inferences rawn from tbem ean be appreciated. But emember always, my dear rector, that in his Canon 30 your bishops appeal in justiication of the making of the Sign of the ross—1st, to Scripture; 2od, to ancient hurch history. Your Low Obureb priests" had aoouted tbeir High bureh bishops with the horrible and most n-Piotentant crime of making the Sign of the ross onoe—only once—and that onoe only n one service of the Protestant National hurch. Tbe bishops didn't and eouldn't eny tbe |eharge, but tbey defended themelves against it by appealing—1st, to the criptures, fcnd 2nd, to something they call • the Primitive Church" and " the Fathers." bserve here, in passing, that there is a allacy and a. deception in the language ol our bishops when they speak of " the rimitive Church." There ntver has been ny euoh thing as a " primitive'' ohurob, nor medinval church, nor a modern oburoh, o more than there has been a local eharoh. he phrase "primitive church" is a deluive, slip-slop form of speech, which inidiously convey* tbe idea that first there as a church 1600 or 1700 years ago, which, ome way or other, changed about that time nd died out; and then, some way or other, here eame another church, which also banged and died out in the middle ages; nd now we have a modern ohurob, which ie ot like tbe •• primitive" ohurob, nor yet like he " medieval" church, although it is not ike anything else in all the world. Now, his iB just what should be said of tbe Churob—tbat she is like nothing else on the face of the earth, and least of all like any Protestant Beet. Tbe Churou bas lived through eighteen centuries since Christ, an unbroken, uninterrupted, continuous life, as a man lives on his life from birth to death—one, all along and ohrooo logically the same—of no age, but in eve>y age and for all ages—ever youthful, and ever renewing her youth, as young souls by thousands are regenerated daily into her, and by tbe operation of tbe Holy Ghost, ssimilated to her body and her spirit the ver-abiding Paraolete. The phrases " Primiiveohuroh" and the " churoti of tbe apostles'' re very much in the muutus of Protestants, nd in tbeir mouths oonlain a delusion ano fallacy which 1 cannot slop now to exose iunher, and oome to the previon- UfBtion. Your bishops, in Canun 30, ppealed to Scripture when defending themelves from the uiiarge ot superstition brought gainst them by their own Protestant "priests" fur using tbe Sign of the Cross noe in a whole lifetime. This appeal ot our bishops was, of course, only a sham ppeal, intended to oonfuae, obsoure, and ewilder tlie publto Protestant wind f England in 1604. These national nglioan, king-mane bishops knew ttiai there was no Scripture—no direot, explicit iouf in Soripture—tor using the Sign uf the CroBB. They had open bibles in tiittir hands, and they had the audacity to appeal lu Scripture against their owu Low Church " priests," woo also had open bibles in their haude, and, tuertlure, knew that the appeal ol tbeir bishops to Scripture was a sliatu. Both aides had open bibles, and out of tbece open bibhs tbey mutually denounced odh auoiher; one for using, and tbe other tor not losing, the Sign of the Cross. One party said it was there, or as good as there. The other Scriptuiai Protestant parly «aid it was not there. With the open (bible in tbeir dear little brotherly hands, each party Wus tearing the other's eyes about tbe simplest matter of fact. But, on their appeal to tstoiy a few years later than the date ol Scripture, tbe Auglicau bishops were more secure, and flourished the historical cudgels most vigorously and vociferously over tbe heads of their no- Cross Low Cburob, no-church "priests." be High Church asserted, and tbe L >w Cuuruh couldn't Ountradict them, tbat IV. tuilian w-is born a.i>. 160, tbat is, 1720 year* ago; aud Ten allian stales, in the beet of good Carthaginian Latin, tbat in his time the who.e hristian Cburoh in all lands, aud «veu all eretics (that is, all the Protestants 1700 ears ago), made the Sign ot tbe Cross upon themselves constantly from day to day as a ious rite and a profession of their laitb in hriBt ciuoified. Your bishops don't menion Terlullian by name. Tbey say " The athers," in vague oraftiness. By "the aiLerb" they meant tbe earliest Christiar writers whose woiks we have, and as these Fathers" lived any time from A D. 100 to v. 600. or 700. or 80U, ti.e L >w Churou bad he onus tluown upon them of making out the list if tbey liked to impeach the evidence of any particular " father." Tertnlliao was born sixty years after the death of St. Jobn tbe apostle and evangelist. ' Unhappily for bimeelf, poor man; he became a Montanist, and bis testimony to the nniversal use ot tbe Sign of tbe Cross 1700 years ago is all the more unquestionable. Mont an us took tip tbe notion tbat, if any baptised person left tbe communion of the Cburob and rel-peed into paganism, tbey should be baptised over again ii ever they repented and oamn back as penitents. Tbe Cburoh said,' No: ib«y must not be baptised a second time—tbere is only oks baptism—but tbey most be put under penance. T<-rtulli»n wouldn't submit to the Church's decision, and became " a sectarian." Yet be never gave np the Sign of the Cross for all tbat; and we learn from him that tbe practice, without any exoeption. prevailed among all who named the name of Christ 1700 years ago. He was a man of extraordinary powers of mind and great learning, and he was prefpotly well acquainted with tbe events and customs of his time, and with tbe history of the Cbureh for the 60 years which passed between the death of St. John, about a.d. 100, and a.d. 160, when he was born. Tert ullian had beea signed with the Sign of the Cross in his baptism, and all Christians used the sign m all their devotions. Now, my dear rector, the question pomes, who taught tbem to do so? How did they allget their first idea of making tbe sign ? Well, you answer this question like a scholar, or get any other rector to answer it for you. Tertullian proves that 60 years after the death of St. John, tbe apostle who stood at the foot of the Cross with the Holy Virgin Mother, and who watched with her while tbe Savionr' blood was sHfed npon the Cross. Do yon think, my dear reotor, St. Jobn ever forgot that soene and Cross. Well, supposing St. John died in a.d. 100, and had never made, and never beard of the making of, tbe Sign of the Cross—suppose the whole Christian Church, at St. Jnhn's deatb, knew nothing of the custom of making <he sign, pray, how did it happen that, io sixty years after, every Christian in the whole world, and every sobismatio, made it daily in all their aottons ? I demand a hcholarly answer to this question, if you or any of yours can give one. If St. John knew nothing of tbe making of tbe sign in a d. 100, how did the sign oome into universal use io A d. 160, fiom Carthage up to Constantinople, and from Earnao to the oity of York, in tbe north of Eugland, and no Cburoh cenBUre ever passed upon it as a novelty or a superstition ? Explain this faot, my dear rector, if yon can. No novel or irregular usage ever springs up either in tbe Cuurob, or in any outside, cut-off 11 Cburoh," withTmt producing a speedy clamour aud disturbance. Any new praotice, however trivial, stirs np controversy and provokes resistance. The slightest alteration in any part of your Protestant service, or the smallest addition to your surplice, " blaok scarf," college boeil, and bands would raise a oommotion among you, and give fiery birth to hot disputes. If any one Protestant minister in all England or Ireland or the colonies were to commence "morning prayer" or "sermon" by making tbe Sign of tbe Cross, you know how he would be set upon, rid'oaled, and reviled; aod some bishop would be down on him at once to stop the " unlawful use." Only oall to mind what has actually happened in England within the last sixty years in reference to Tractarianiim, so called. A few young curates attempted to preach in their surplioes. A blaok silk gown was the pulpit uoitorm. Has England forgotten the tumults tbia small deviation excited f The M>>Bt Bev. Charles Manners Sutton, Archbis nop of Canterbury, died just sixty years ago. Dr. William Howley folluwed, and after Dr. Howley oame Dr, John Bird Sumner, who was succeeded by Dr. Charles fin i to as Longley, who died five years auo, and gave room for Dr. Tait. now arobbisbop, by the grace of Queen Victoria. Now, I want to know what ' innovation, however slight, h&B; been tolerated by any of these archbishops of your National Church during the 60 years, ainee the death of Dr. ChaB. Manners, Arobbisbop Sutton. No innovation has been suffered. What thousands of pHges has not tbe " Puseyite " or "Oxford movement" filled since only 40 years. But tbe Sign of tbe Cross had become universal in 60 years after the death of St. John, and it gave no offence to any Christian; it occasioned no scruple even among tbe heretios; it elicited no surprise; it created no ill will; it called forth no Episcopal reproofs; it gave rise to no bitter protests, but was silently, peaceably accepted by all in the Church and out of it; accepted and practised with love, gladness, aod veneration. So " the Fathers " of " tbe Primitive Church" affirm, and even Low Church Puritanism in 1604 did not dare dispute tbeir reoorded evidence. This. I supposfl, must have been the way in which Or. Bancroft, then Bishop of London, put the case before King Jamee I.; and as tbe safety of his crown seemed to be made more sale by tbe High Chnrcb arguments, James fell in very soon with Bancroft's Indie, batod on Tertullian, who proves tbat 1720 y ears ago the Sign of the Cross was made by all Christians. I will now set down in order the gems or statements of your canon as they stand in Canon 30. These statements •re the logical data which convinced King James; and the glory ot them is tbat, Mlitiongh they convinced tbe supreme Pres. byte-run head of the Episo»p»l NationSl Ohuiob, tbe Low Church sneeringly scouted them as "old wivra' gabble." Witti regard to i be Sign of the Cross your Oanon 30 1st. That God " the Holv Ohort rt d honour to the Cross" i U U P«t 1 2nd. Y'.ur oanon save " tW u„ of ihe Holy Ghost, the who.e foioc, effects, and merita 9 8 01 lbe of Christ" 11! 3rd. Your canon says that tt,. t», Ghost Himself conferred this .Sfl® 01 ' upon the- Cross" Ml "gmfioan* 4th. Your Canon 30 t>av« «• the Arw.n gloried in tbe CroBB on which the HoW Gw!I had conferred aooh honour" III 5th. Your oanon says " that. .w,. after tbe Apostles* timp, Rn Christian, .t 7 U gloried in the Cross" I!! t " 7th. You* Canon 30 fays th at tt. Christians, soon after tbe Apostles' tin., made the Sign ot the Cross whenever n met a Jew"! 11 e J 8th. Your canon says "the Cbristians soon after the Apostles, made the Bien of the Cross to show the Jews >hat tbey eloriJ 3 K W in what the Jews bated" 111 9 b. Your eanon Bays "that the Pang, also bated the Cross; that is, tbeGoRpel 10th, Your oanon says •« that the reverent estimation in which the Christians, I70t years ago, held tbe Cross, begat % reverent estimation of it in both Jews aud Pagans," 11th, Your eanon says "tbat this exterior respect whioh tbe Christians paid to (hi Cross was shown by tbeir making of it fa all their actions"111 111 12th. Your oanon says "that, for an. thing we know to the contrary, tbe miking of tbe Sign of the Cross was first initiated fct the Apostles" II111 ' 13tfa. Your Canon 30 says it cannot provr this by strici legal proof—that is, by the letter of Scripture. 14th. Nevertheless, your Anglioan bishopt say in Canon 30 that "tbey followedtbekini in bis love of tbe Cross and tbe 8<gn of the Cros« beoause he followed So ipture"!!| l&tta.; Your Canon 30 says that, "not content with making ih« sign on tbe neeWti, all Christians, soon afttr the Apoetles' time, made it on their ohildren." 16th. Your eanon says that "if anyone, 1700 years ago, had refused to make the Sign of the Cross, he would have been esteemtd as no Christian, and takxn for an enemy of Curiet," as a spy and a traitor. 17'h. Your Canon 30 says tbat "tie Christians, soon alter the ApostW tim«, tit to be highly applauded, approved of, and admired for their (rtquent use of the Signot the Cross, as a most Soriptural, most nligious, most laudable, most noble-hearted, and continual use of the Sign of tbe Croas, making it in all their actiont" ! ! ! All thie, my dear reotor, your Canon3D Bays. But having t aid all this, a sodden pang came over its High Charoh conscience —a frightful predicament Startled you eanon-makers. Had they forgot that all Christendom had not apostatised from the faith of Christ orucified as England bad done ? Had they said too muob in favour of tbe,Cross ? Had they proved too much in behalf ol tbe sign. If so, t bey are nov about to repair theirerror, anda'one for theirrasbnesi, The murder ie coming out, and tbe I/)* Church scoroers shall be compelled to torn kiog's evidenoe, and support the wbols High Cliuroh historical and logical portion. High Cbutch is now goiog to p rform a grand coup d'etat, which shall bring the whole Puritan, no-Churob, Broad Church, and Low Cbureh round to its side. Now Herod and Pontius Pilate shall beoome friendi— the two Angliean - gangs of reformed pirates will combine to attack Curist. Now, my dear rector, you ehall beu a High Cliuroh sta'ement that shall delight your Low Churoh soul. Hush I Hearken I Hem! 10TH OBIt —LOQIO CONTINUED, " It mutt be admitted"—ot course, it molt, bnt by whom m^t it?—" It must be admitted that in proceu of time." Iu wuat process of time, pray ? From when to when? From Tertullian a.d. 160down to wbeu ? "It mmt be admitted that in proem of time the Sign of the Orost mat much abwed in the Church of Rome, especially after the corruption/ of Popery had posaeiied it " And when was that, my dear r»-ctor ? Will you be so obliging as to name tbe years and the days, or, at leaBt, the century, in which the Sun of the Cross began to be " abused in the Church of Rom»"' I shan't be nioe with you, but I should certainly like to know to within * hundred years where I am to searob, in order to find the first symptoms of the "abuse" of thfi Sign of the Cross in the Church of Borne. I ehall also be obliged if you will state distinctly wherein that •*abuse" consisted, and wherein the sign was corrupted. Also, while your hand is in, be good enough to explain precisely what you mean by the Church of " Borne." TM Sign of the Cross was used from a.d. IoO (at least} in Abyssinia—in the Caucasus—in India—in Soythia—in Spaia—in Gaal—ffl Britain—in Oermany—in Penia—all over the whole Soman Empire—"soon after the A-posUeB' time. So your Canon 30 says. D«» the "Chttbch of floats" include all tlu» wide range of ecclesiastical jurisdiction when she began to abuse and corrupt the Sign of the Cross? I shall be extreme^ ooliged by your giving an exact reply to this question. If "the Church of ton* included only the oity and suburbs ot Some, prav, what about tbe abuse of the Sign or tbe Croae in all the other far and wias extending regions of tbe Empire f Ana now, while you are getting your.answew to these questions ready, I shall torn nao* oa the frema or statements of your wonderful no Popery Canon 80, and throw them into their truly glorious, logical form. Porte*!*' 