?TUSH?® HH^Sf! © f^gHT/PPS^ SHEPHERDS Ml MB MAIDEKS FAJR.' ,'\r ' A CHEISTMAS STORY. 3$%' S0B. Atjthohs op ' Ready Moset Morti -**??»* ' ?I'lia ^OlDEH BUTTEHFLY,' ' WlIEK if . ^ 'Shb Smj? Cohe3 Home,' &c;, &c.; Chapter I.— Arcadia, TiiE Land op \- ' ' Clear Skjes. ^ : ,-Jo» readers may ask, where is Arcadia ? To tfiifl; wo would reply, Arcadia is that country yziera pluck and energy succood : where, away isom thocrdwdod hive at home, tho busy beeo of B&son; and Coltic origin reclaim the forest and tho Bjlsia : -whore, under clear sides and bright Bun Bains, tho; found a new civilisation, In tho siprJaeipal street of tho chief town of Arcadia — .Tjiafc would bo a villago in England, but what Xfiiimoa grow into a crowded city ia that new conatrj—io. a little group. An agricultural show fa Mug hold, and all tho pooplo of tho district ggra attending it, Onlyono young follow of this assemblage can Claim to bo fairly woll roofed. Ho might pass muster at a meet, bo neat, so woll drosscd in fioryiecabla' corduroys, etout boots, and many gaslioted coat, ia ho. That ia John Pomeroy, SOnof Mrn. Pomoroy, and nephew of Mr. Burda* eorab, of Shoiidan Town. Hia is tho bost buggy, jbiaaro tho best horses, hisia tho boat bull. And ifcia Jiia uaolhcr who gets tho livat prizo for letter. ?Shin young man is four and twenty ycara of tiga. Ho ia six foot high, and his uhouldors aro tread and square ; his face has not that full blown roainoss about it which bolougs to a healthy goung Emjlishman of bis own ago j tho clear dry air.liaa toned him down ; his chocks aro thinner ; Bio limbs aro moro slondor, but not tho loss tittan£ ; his chost ia (loop ; bb voico ia deep j ho jsalftoaa onov/ho has no fear or troublo in biu Siimt; biafaco baa yet tho seal of inuoconco upon ij^ hacanao bo baa novor eoon a town— oxcopt OBfle-whea ho found himself almost stilled by tho ianjofi. His bazol oyos aro cloar ; bis slop ia tfengonct elastic Happy tho woniau who calls snob, a lad bor eon ; happior ttill tho girl who COllaouao-a man hor loror, Mr. Stephen Ilurdacomb, his undo, is 0110 of |3U- judgoa. Whon big nophow's cattlo aro ftcaagbtup, I10 ubakes hiu boad, and will not fiiw) thoin any prizo, ami thou tho crowd assign fttoUwpriso by acclamation. .Ho 13 a aubstan iliaT farmer j v/oalthliaa accrued to him; and bo HVoiyc*o**'y*o'8l'ooted» partly becauaoho ia puc« WBsful, partly bceauco bo ia roputcd to bo wise, Jpsitty becauao bo is 5 man of vory, very fow Wxda* Natuvo ha.') p.tvou him tho faculty of KAiir, which ia au invaluablo profosaioti bv itself : fiftiuro lifts Qiao givcu him au unerring oyo for f&opointsof; a cow, thaqualitios of a pij;, ami tho valuaof afiU'tu*ho-m llo kuowa laud intimately, 80 to npaali, and cjn read off its capabilities ai if oulo£»boolf. Butbohny pi'oiorvod hh old rus ticity ; bo looks, walks, and upoaka liko tho Binatl fnriaor ho van in Kitglaud ; end ho vory seldom npoaku, bccaititospoouh in a troublo to him, Hfatnro donicd him tlio iiowor of oxproraiou ; «ho dado him, uavo for tho fow hundiod worJu re nulrodfortliofnrm.lifo, (lamb ; and, by tho time *obtt Fomoroy luf t ncliool, whiob ma at ttftccu, 4twa wna notlnu£ about tho placo that bo could not lttanago oa woll i\n any t;rown man, ]t fa half'pt^t twelve. Thoro i:i a gonornl «B0T«mant, with a unlvonjul look of iuoiuusod Mriflauncfl), ia tho divootion of ono of tho hoiuo-i ta Uw» township. It monna Diiiuor. At thin or itoary alidlao togothor, tukiii;; taniu in baloliON t^Q&fUrtho; othur. Thoio iu no diutinotiou 0! ?Wnb to-obsojfvo— Micro nro 114 ma-Horn imd no nor* -?Wifti.'bMauBoftll aro iu tho namoluml of yaomon. I-hmo»cl roust beuf, wrth buaklol)orry-iilo and ?PplQ'pIo ; (Jiuaor for llvo huudrod men, all tiuo «Bgtiflh«borD» -.iwith tho extraordinary and Wtttt!n'jf»ot that thoro wai no boor, Imngino a j^BMtlon«I boujiry KnglUbmou oontentodly sit* (JJ»ii down iodtnnor without boor. Inatead the; ?5M4t,t«i,;,w wUk, or water 1 but mostly tea. JUtoAliy BotlitaR to UrJitk at Doo Bank Rt nil j fttjD aojjt ftfllDglo cntcrprUlnu pablloaa to xan up ?iSrtbjittanwkomott iitupia wlkh fiery wbUkj iMbtitflNHilWttaiv'' Not ft »lwi- wHWi» tptt v&mtfSenfQnp; eft&y; thing ua t» go* ii *«*maat»8HQrmf3vi'B:mfo ft 'foggy -fllflM»lo, ;tu| rwrnw^moiwaflteionniieji !Pfiffy*i«fiirt1ii»-fleai Sky ? EaBd^oiiljffir eympatby nor beer. 7b» 'dutrp ' 'an-M»aciog air, tho plenty and perfection oltSoii ibodf,.tlj© habit, without tho pledge, of tompor-. ance— all ihoso together moko thorn contented, though they never sea wino or v;hiolty. Arid for appetites— bat watch tbo gucsta if yon would understand what feeding means. Quiolf, ncat handed Phillis, anothor plateful here, 03 largo & sKcooatho ox can boast; moro potatoes— savz ono ever mealior ones ?— morocabbago and moro beesa for Tom, who is looking about him with Tjislful oyag ; anotlier sqaaro foot or eo of fat and lean for Jack ; a cubic Eis incboo or thereabouts, Y/ith a, bit of tho brown corner, for Harry; moro toiaa toes; moro apple-pio, and tho sugar thia way; huckleberry pio for ton, if yoa pleaso ; moro tea for everybody. A gTcat, a Gargantuan fcant ;. and at sis o'clock it will bo done all over again, for thia is aland of plenty, and every bod? in lalwaya hungry. Towards tho afternoon tho etir and btzslle growquioter. Tho last prizes havo been adjudged, tho last animal has been walked round for in° ?spection. Therois already thobegraning of the homeward movo; cartg, buckbacks, buggies, and all kinds of wonderful vohiclea aro brought out ; horses aro harnessed, and party after party driven away, until Ceo Bank ia left in its wonted solitude, and tho half- dozen folk who live .tbero always can begin to talk of tho wonderful ?day they havo had. North, east, south, and west, tho people plnago into tho long lanes of greenery, and disappear. Bvory opening where blackened stompa show a settlement takes ono of tho carriages o£f the rough and uneven road ; presently they ceaso to pass, and tho squirrel and tho chipmonk begin again to run races along tho silent path, You will seo no such gathering as thia in the old country. These aro tho pioneora of a groat future' look on thorn with respeofc. TJieso gray and grizzled mon, with, tho steadfast eves and gravo faces, aro those who havo wrested tho fruits of tho earth from jealous nature, who' vantedto keep alltho placo for her beautiful maples. This exhibition at Deo Bank, poor as it would seem at Islington, represents tho result of fifteen yeaia' toil. Remember that these men have inherited Dothing and created everything. They. havo cut down tho treca; planted, sowed, reapod ; cut down moro trees ; built houses, churches, and schools j xn&do; roadt?, and founded cities. These sacks of golden grain, these fruits, this generous wealth of vegetables, ami ?flowers, and garden growth — it ia all absolutely the work of their own hands. Thero ia somo thing touching in the simple prido which such a settler feels in such work. Ko must be {i real inau who has mado such a' home for himself, whoro boforo him was only a homo for the she bear and her cubs. Tho last to go aro Stcphon Burdacomb and John Pomeroy. Without speakiDg, tho oldor. man ateps into his nephew's light Amorjcan boggy. ' Coming homo with, mo, undo?'' says John. 'Ay, iad,' ho replies slowly. . Thou ho takes tho otraw out of hia mouth, and, aa if making a real plungo into action, throws it away, ' ' .She wroto to mo,' ho began, ' Ah ! my mother i' ' And aho caid that aho hcv a thing to say to you.' iioro ho stopped, and thought muoh.bardor than over he bad thought beforo ia all his lifo. It was an effort to find oppression, not a strugglo after facts. ' It's boon boro in upon mo lately last Sunday it was boro in upon mo that — that massivo, ?a you'd say it waa a barrol of apples. In church, too. So whon sbo said that ebo hov a thing to say to you, and whon I knew what that thing must auroly bo, I said to my old woman— I up and said, after dinner on Sunday morning— 'I stand by Mary throughout. If Mary tolls tho boy I must bo thcro too for to stand by hor, John Foinoroy,' I aaid--moftum' you, my lad, and no othor— ' ho'a a lino, boy and wollgrovjn, and novor said nor dono otbor tlian what is right. But ho don't know thia, and when ho decs know it I must bo thcro to fitand by Alary. Blood,' I sayo to my old woman, 'is thicker than water, Sho'a tho only sister I'vo got, and I'm bound to stand by hor.1' John Pomoroy listened to thia speech, which, what with tho depth of tho-ruta and tho hoight of thobouldoro, nnd occasional gaps in tho corduroy road, was much iutomipted ; aa tho speaker, clutching to the back of tho coat, was shakon ami bumpad about, ' Got a thing to say, undo 5' ho replioil calmly, for tho announcement affected him but slightly. Young men liko John Pomoroy, who havo nono of what Americana call ' tho vices,' aro not always norvomly ospootiug somothing bad to happen ; and bosidos, ho know hia nuclo'a pomlorous wanner of tpocsb, nnd tho eoIouiu introduction of tbo subject did not at all alarm him. ' Got a tiling to say, nnclo ? Vory woll, I chall bo vory glad to bear anything that you and wy mother havo got to toll me. I cay, undo, oho will bo real ante-niched at tho tijjcd bull'a prize-. Well, tho plaso isn't Bow Park, that ia quito certain ; but if Iboy'vo got finer cattlo anywhoro clso~ ojicojit Bow Park— -thim ours, I'd Hko to f,ot np early in tho morning and go ftiul viait (hat pluco. Hallo I Hold up, uncle, I'll mond tlii-i road to-iuoiiow. Tlmt won a doep one. Hero wo wo.' A homestead in Clew Sky LftnuV A finn.hour.tj nnd a iann-yavd, Thero is A flowor-gftrden and a kUchcu*r,ai'd«n ; thoro is a lawn in front, not (juitOBo trim as a lawa would be in Haglflml ; behind thogardoa ia tho iorost] ftntV on oltlior uiilo of tho house stretch tho aorea that Uila htalwati young follow, now unhitching hia hovoo, boa cleared of trots, j laio their aiumjw, baa ploughed, sowedi oud reaped, nearly all with hia owohandil, * ?f A lady comen to tho door At sound of the toiooB, Hor hands 6ro roygh wllh work j hor dress is homely} but her f aco bos npon U the wal that boloiigij to » fientlowouiftn. Ilor brothor, Btephou Burdftooinb, r»e-th«)«ftrtb, «kBono!thosoll;«ho, like him in toco, is spirUutvUsed, Rs-ouo who lias thoo^its dbqvo tho ioll. Bho touehca her bou upon tho wrni, and looks up la hia face with a llttlo emllo, as it oontoulmont woro upon hor whon «ho b«w him cowo homo ogfttu, ' 1 ' ? -bM0in't*otlHrfyeoi'' - v ~ - ' ' ' M Moreteofsteaksaiidi-mKrtosaQce;B!-»eapple« j Tia; hoi eatteff and roila; moro 'leju ' ' ] ? After sapper, Joho Pomoroy mado up the stovo, gava Jus undo a pipo, and eat down beside his mothor. ' ' 'Now, another, you've cot something to tell mo.' Sho began to trcmblo violently. ' ' : Qaoth Stephen Bardacomb : 'Sloto stand by you alwaya. Let tho lad know.' 'Four-and-twonty yeara ago,' Mrs, Tomeroy ? bogan, 'l?our-and-twcnty long ycaTa ago, rwhea you wero only a nvmth old, John 'dear, we sailed from Liverpool for this country— Stephen, and your aunt Esther, and their two daughters, and I, and you in tqj arms.' ' Yea, mothor, I know.' ' Wo told tho peoplo in tho boat, and we told th&peoplo; when we landed, that I was a widow. But I waB not, my flon— oh ! I was not, and I am 1 not now.' 'What do yon meanj mother?' The young man's faco hardened' a littleA and she shrank fora moment, .. 'Easy, lad,'J said Stophcn. 'Let her say it out.' ? '?' ??- ?? ' Wo quarrellod, my huEband and I,' shGwent on ; ' what we quarrolled about docs not matter. I havo tried, all thoso years, to persuade myself that it wao my fault; but I cannot, John, 1 cannot. We quarrelled eo badly that wo separated— only for a time, I thought. Bat ho came after mo, a week later, and ho said the most cruel, tho most unfounded, tho most wicked thing3.' Hero she broke down. 'Stand by your mother, boy,' murmured Stephen. ' And I told him that nothing, nothing sfcsSsS/ over bring mo back to his roof again. I left him. I went homo to Stephen. I heard nothing more from my husband, and sis months later you wero born. And thea wo camo away. Ho never knew, he doea-no.t know now, that he baa a son. Ho does not know that ho has a wife living. He has lived alone ever sineo I left him, and I inow not whether ho repents or whether ho ha3 hardoned L13 heart-.' John laid hia hand upon Lers. ' It ia for your own sako, John, that I have told you tho story. Tell me, my dear, that you believe in your mother's innocence.' 'Elsoways,' said Stephen, ' there ia no good in having a mother, and you'd beat ha' been bom without.' John did not answer at first, but he pressed her hand. 'I myst try as well,' ho Eaid, after a pause, ' to forgivo my fathor.' 11 The time is come,' sho said, ' when you must cross over and toll him. Ho has left tbo old placo, and ia living now .in London, and bo ia reputed to bo wealthy. In your own interests, you ought to sea him.' ' I do not want his money,' said John hotly. 1 And it is your duty, my son. I ekail givo you papers aent to mo six or seven years ago, which will establish inhia mind tho fact that he was made a dupe, by a wicked man, of his own suspicions. You will givo them to him when you tell him who you aro,' John got up and walkad about tho room. They wero all silent for a spaco, Thou lie said, as ii hia mind was made np : ' And bow am I to introitnco myself 5' ' I havo thought of that, John. You will go undoranassuincdnauiojyon willtakoalctter toniy old friend, Eli Kamaden, which will tellhimesaotly who yon aro. It ia from him that I hear once or twico a yoarabont my husband. Ho will talk to yon, and you mnsfcmakeouta plan.' ' Whon am I to go?' aakod John. 'You ought to go at onco— in & fow ,«lays. Yon can bo bost spared during tho winter, and yoa will come back to your mother in the spring, or as soon aa yon can. Promise mo that, [my ,8on.1' 'Yes, mother, I promise.' ' . ,' Sho was silent for a while. Then ahobogan to talk to her brother. 'Ho will go aad boo tho old farm-honso, Stophon ; tho dear old fArm- houso at Moulaoy Priors, with tho aun-dial and tho ivy ; and tho church whoro all tho Bartlacotuba lio buriod, and tbo rivor, and tho orchards. Oh Stephen, Stopb.cn, Bhall wo over, you and I, go over again to tho old country ?' Eccanao, you soe, ovou in Clear Sky Land, thcro aro tiinea when tho memory of England lliea to tho heart, and drags tho muid, au with ropes, to aweot aud end reminiscences of daya gemo by, which soom to havo been, but woro not, always happy. 'And I wonder what ho ia liko now— attoi- no many yeava— my poor hua« band.' That is happy, which ia paot. Poor Mra. Pomeroy looked back upon tha brief daya of .her wovldod lifo, with an irascible, suspicious, and exacting husband, tvj if thoy had been lit np by a parpotunl finii: -?e «if?. Sho tortured hersoU, Komotimon, to find rcaaona for tho oroel speech and tho bitter insuUsnrkieh hor husband bet\j»cnl upon hor koatl. Always her heart was Hying back to tho man who had injnnul her ; always, uko roRrotted hor flisht and hov mlouco ; ahv;vya, ska fancied that if eho had remained, hor husband would havo forgivou— oh I how readily— and all would havo boon happy. Ci!Ar:r.n II.— QraatSx. Simoh Awsims. Great St. Sivucm Apoallo ia not ft church, though tho niuuo sounds liko one; itia A court, audit Btrtiulu behind Carnxtl Vtim, iu tho .vory heart w\d centre of. tho City el Loailon, Ouoo thora waa a ohurob, which, with iU urwr^vard, .oacuiiicd ono whulo aldo at tha.court, The ponu* lation of tho pavUb, which oomUted ,»f au.- *oro aud a, half ot arouud, dwindled tlowu by degrees to a doson hovi&okeenera;, and tho congregition of tho churoli shrank iu liko proportion to a qiurtet u( tbut number. Yot» vrheu ih« old ohawU was pullad down and oniees built on tho grouud shaJo nAored by tho many gcuoratlom ef wonhippert, thoro woro not wautlng Mmmo who wourned tor its loss, Thoy lott ft part ot tho churchyard— a liUlo atrip of prdon ground kid out iu flower beds, and rbjololng in twOtwcfj^wWeh still hold forth branoho^ot toUaso. gr-ou in sprlug, Hack tu sumrnur, auil follow IA tho «rtly autumn, Btietoolug out ttic«o arwaaci^s tho narrow c««rk thoy touch tho dead wall oi\ ono n\do ^ reacU vorj hoarb Aorofta to tho \tindowa on ttio other. Vcncatbtbelargrtreeittviihe hut'xvas&Bdog; f -A tbo oiatoiuibg^a^j. ; Axfoiiba eihet'mnumins reeordiDg tKeinr^, &&§ an* yirtocffotrt njaayi 'tnrgmeaanatflerr ?#«#, t&eso; vematT caric* away into tho wcaderiai load wbeid aB fbrgctrtav things go, sothatflig dead dtjzent, Those bead* stonea mfgbt hzve done^to soonfless generations a perpfllnal seivico of aflmoflitioa, tieeamo at ona fall 3wcop utterly forgotten, In spite oi their eminent Christian virtaesj they ara no acre ie« mcinbered in modem London than if thoy hsui been so many woad-stained early Britons; Tho honsea on the left iand oi Great St. gimen, Apostle were three in number ; they were lazgo and bis, Joly 2ionse3 of Q^cen Anne's time, Irailt ii brick, with Hat facado, and withant' oniaiaent. Thoy had porches projecting. over tho tfooza, and tho dooxa themsolvea wsre reached by stone steps.. Inside, tlicso houses — once the houses .of substan tial merchants— pcesecsed broad, dsep staircases ;* their balustrades rich with blackened earrings In* oak- costly and precious. Nowihe houses are let; out into offices. Tho only house on tha' right-'' hand side of the court, standing on the site cf the church, ia a newly built set of offices, with polished granite pillars, and earrings in cjuito the newest stjlo. Beyond these chambers 13 tho churchyard, on the right of which* is a great dead waB, the sido of rome art warehouse ; and acros3 the icfti' stands ahonHo of three stories of tho Georgian period, decorated in the middle with a shieW. ; Tho shield ia carved with ihe coat of anna of a late Lord Mayor, deceased in this very honso a hundred years ago. The house io Nnmber Eye Greai St. Simon Apostle. The court opens upon a square or place, part of Carmel Fnara, closely hemmed ia aud girt round by buildings. A chorea ia there, an old church with a ronnd tower in tho corner of the west front ; tho housea have crowded against it 'so that there is nothing left open bat the nave. If you were to look in at the door yoa would find that oven the navo ia more than the thin eon- ' gregation want, because they h&vo; bricked, up tho chancel and built themselves a comfortable litllo chapel insido, with varnished oak 'sails, within the church ; for thia is the church of. tho' Datcb, and within those oaken walla tb.ua gather-' every Sunday, to hear the Word after their own fashion and in thai* own tengnage, all that re main of tho onco flourishing and prosperous colony of Hollanders, Thero aro two or three narrow pasaagea tunnelled in the houses, by -which one geta in and cat of tl»ia queer place ; if you pass through one, under a honso over wheso door 19 painted the name of a financier and statesman kucwa over al! tho uorld, yoa como to another £-]naro to which this passage 33 the only entrance. Tab ia a square with four honsea in it, ono on each sido. They aro great atatcly palaces, where enco merchant princes lived in ostentatious eplendor. Now one of thorn ia tho head- quarters cf a small City company, and the othor three aro lot oufc-in ofucea. If y oa go through another passage, or a third or a fourth, you find yourself in one oi the noisy, crowded rjrteries of tho City. All day long and every day, erecpt Sunday and Saturday afternoon, Great St. Simon- Apostle and the squaro and Carmol Piiara aro echoing wilh a oeaselesa throb oi hurrying feet. ? No ono looks about him— no ono loiters ; no ono stopa to talk and laugh ; no one turns his faco to right or to left. Church and court ; charchyard and trees ; old tombstones and flowcx-beds : these aro things which everybody scea every day and never aeea at all. The mystery of the forgotten past vhicb. clothes an old city za with a sunlight elond, for those who havo eyea to see, is nothing to the men who havo every day to grub and .fight for money. Their ancestors, slowly toiling, accumulated wealth with pain and patience, building np that great English name for honesty which some eitho modern merchants ore doing their best to destroy. Their ancestors lived and died where they worked; thocithxnaof London know each other and were known to each other; the rewards of a laborious lifo and an unspotted xe:crd wero the civic dia tinoiiona which their descendants abandon ton* tail tradesmen : they gathered together on Sen* daya in thoir City chnrches, where now tho IUtualM plays at Popery and practises forbidden pmnLa to congrosationa gathered from tho sab* urba, or tho mild eld livaugdi^U drawls hia well-thumbed sermon to an assemhlaga ot half* a-dozon, Tho placo ia redatant of dead eituens ; if tho dust of C.mual Friara could speak H would confe&a; ttut ii waa onco part of dead citktas ; and if tho ghosts ot thoso old cilisena eottld re visit Uiot-laco where thoy lived, the living xrouB havo no room to aland among tho dead. But tho living aro too busy to think of their predecessors; only thoso who do not belong to tho City can afford tho Insurious emotions which ivriso from lotting tho thoughts flow backward «& tho stream of time. The dorks and thoprin* cipala como at sine and teo, their thoughts intent - on the things of the day. Al fivo they' go &xr;*yt and then, as if by magic, these courts grow bucU deuJy aud entirely still. Quite still. Not a foot fall ; not the echo of a voico; not the banging ot & door. The church itself— the^silent old church of tho Dutchmen— cannot bo mow tjuiet than Iho courk without t and eave fw af*int rumble of wheels which falls softly en tho car in this shel tered spot, one might trunk oaeself in iho city ot tho dead, or a ciiy &t; tho ©arty morning, or in a oity ot some theatre erocied by the scene paint«ra and waiting (or a crowd «t supers 'to pl*y at the imacinwy wot vioiiof ft crowded street. AU Sunday, too, sate for tho bells that tang and clash about iho «iiy, calling a people that arc uo louger there to hcar» .and except for tho f«wmiuut«a when the JJulchattca walk down tho fld^a on their way to aad|r«n their service the court mi »quaro m ' Vfiji* AUil and empty. If thew arehoutekeepsrs inthfew great houses the; aw never won ; If Vhe. invisible hon«ck«opera havo fiionds they never «mo to nee them ; if a boy whro to ruth into one ot thow courts wiih a shout And a trhoop his voice would drop beforo he get. half- way through % for the silence ot the pl*cj would fall on him, aud the ' hollow return tfkiftg pp his cry would tend U round and wntd/fwift. ouo wall to anethor, as if in every «orne-ir«pe nestled a mocking ghost of some boy de-d and gone, 'Rut uo boys ovar do come, because tn th&t; part of the city th«vo aw no boyN To find Vhcm y\3U must go to tho other aide ot Bishopssate street, where aro Uoundstlitch and the Marks aud a swarming hive of hamauft, aj9S$fe ^orfog tilt time oteaUm an3 t^f^. he figare of agirK WLen tha erenijijti tW d0A, that is hem April mttil tho m$ oltfo&b;&t; die nse*,to gJidfl ©at from Hamber Rw,,^ tease afrtbe caa, aa3 pats along the fitite cKsb^j jrarit, when thelart straggler vaa sose^iatS^i office dknt. Had they Toown— soma of fbeea wa Edting, jflOTg -5ty bJadss— wiatA p^irtf^Cffl^f teyjQMeh ia t&u; upper story of Wvs&ztTJi;&u; Itbinktbey vauli nab ham been in B5A3 wh&0 hvnytohwlZl* iiwx papers in tea sii&j; ap&fjji; c9 and away to the west, where al! rcxaaisAjL pleasures axe foand. If they hai Taunt* v$M kind of damsel ihit Wwha flitted about Cmi^' Prlars, wandered amid the squares, and Maas tiiriea trusted herself throngn' tho Iwatia isj* the streets beyon'3, sare I ara that these yoaog inighU oi- the Bxsbwgfi, tho gallant brokers, these chivalxoa* limbs o£ thelasr, .these gaj aad Bparkling yoang finaaden», woaH hare Jingsred, Ibeb'eve, if only to look through an ofSee b£nd in admiration of tho fase, vhsai beauty ereni&p; Warred and dirty window eoaM not destrej,' ^0, had they known ho*r, on3onday miming, ---iq maiden might Lave been seen by thosa adrentnr* cos few isrho forced their way tbilher, «t&g; on thebesehesin theehnzch among tae DaS^osfcEB,' hersalf fairer iaan the fairesi tulip aanag jgu| hnlhoiBxactf, they too might hara had hgrejge^ yearnings in the direction of tho Datcb psi£3£» sion, and besoma stiangera for a timp jn ^bea1 spick and span suburban eaorcb. The && * XeJlice Lasgtoa. She h rather taller timmjap average height of girls ; she stcoja abttle«c«b^ walks, bat that is from walkiag a^rssi jfaA alone ; her eyes are generally cast doiraBa^?^ If those eye3. were looking you ioil ia Urefase,* yon wanld aaatbat they are oi a deep hrse, h& ? eyes, -which are clear, bui not too hnght. iaiM sho held-her head upright, as aha ahooM, i&xGxa; ' she n aa.atraiglii aa a lance, and her ngaijj jyt :aj jerfeetaa Diana's, joa woalJ notka vhata^Qf! lioatcly-ahap*d head it ia, and year e^ea TBq&fa; fat) bpena f&ca; which is marked espsoaS^J^ ?sweebtera and pontj^ There are somegn-tf fteei which bear that expresoan hahitaallj, andssfo. lose a certain haunting shadow o£ it, vhabagf their, after life may be. Bat to bear it as a awl npon iheforehead, the mark of an erer^uacni abiding spirit and indaence, thai gaFs wiirf must; bo set habUnallj npoa things higbiSHi neble. ? , , '^ W. It is a- Saturday .afternoon ai tiis«od «£ f-556- ber,in.tfcoyearIS7o. .Oat&idethe; city, tfifr£sjr is one of those bright antnmaal dajs wiJ& a dot sky overhead, and a wri mist iaagtBgvfm the trees : when in the meming mysa-fe.^ threads, dotted, with pearls of . dew-, stastd^ deng ths L&lge;— as if the fairies' hM$.-hsa* having agraadwaahias day, and had ifagaOai^ to tako down the- lines ; when the last^sf iii Hovers are straggling against the season, HhS mignonette^seeS to the laat,the chrysantieaaa^ and tha aster ; when the mind resla ia. && memory of iha long sammer, like aa eld xsca^* placid and calm, in the ereaiDg cf a .goodtb^p work. In the city it was nothing bot a fine-day.1 That Ja one great diflerenes baiween ibe eiij aad the coantry. There are no graewis i&mek; diatinetians in the climate of tha former. It 3a always either fine or wet, cold cr warm, aad ssbqV times it is anything yoa please, yoa e&n; ootiing^ because whatever eJba goes on, yea an tormeHtci and bsffated by the east wind. Kaw, in the country, no one day resemblo a&o;&er;, aoj ekto ttan oae siheep's fxco is like another's, aa8 eheep, as everybody knows, sre like hQsua»M the diTeratf ef f&cse.; N&tora;'s aspects am aerie? tha Bame ; oat of her boaaieons iap she tatas* i, different faee for every day, aad all of thes, «intt those when her faco is as it were masked by that east wind, are beantifuL ' ' i Satarday siiercoon, and half-ps^t three 3*dexiv €re&t; St. Simon Apostle is perfectly deseiiejo sot a footstep ia the passages ; sot «aajapo»'fiSl siairoascs; the front doors of Oarael3?ti&r;» ajrv all dosed, the blinds down ; no Toiea anywfcgw^ Only ih« door of the Batch eborca is opea, W causa they aro preparing for to-morrow^ ssr«ce ; - - al) tha prepu- ation neessswry is coadttcbtd kj «xt eld womaa bnadishing a dastor; the pittceeaiBgi an not noisy. And in the sqcara beyond, wJtaM tho four great booses faco each other, that jt| Bolhingebe at all, aad then will be Mthms^sj; bat themselves, looking across th« flags n ewib othor'a wiadows forabout two ashlicrty hoars* r Stay! a light foofetep— Iho door t& HttBttiutT Kw» ia open, and a girl is steading on t$e«tQ$ looking out. Ska is dressed for outdoors, ia wl and iaekeW«iher girh would say that thfe farsao wm old, and the ktter a iUUeontof fashiia* also th«j would remark that her dross ia sfccajv . and her glows worn aa-l mended. Then tfcaj wouU turn up ihcirnosds, if\hey wero cemmM girls ; if th«y wew girh gifted with Mat good breeding which comes from the heart, ttaQ? would pity b«r,app*wnt ^orerty, «trd admirdid e«ttain beauty. For, bosile her pal«, sw*st Iw^J with its regular features and delicate fines, Jw jacket fits «er figure «sif it bad been made *$ the moal ftshwnable Rftjent»«trc«t aallla«r-^ Irtttmaade it, in f«t, aerseli— *nd tbednssv whfea she also taad« herself, though it is ef *ta£ mnt«rk), » «f soft texture, and of color gtataJW tathe most traiaad ceyo. Lettto is poor,*keaj' Yoa will see why, presently, and how. .jBht descends the stairs ilowly, lingers along the ire^ raU of 4he little chtttAyanl, looks op*i-4h£ - hra&ohes; of the two trees where tho yellow leatag an Btill hanging, expectant of the first frost, v^*« firet Bhowere, the first ^Id winds to bring tiM» down, aud leave the black trees naked 4ss aaothfir cold six months, reads fortbethoasan^ time the legend on the tomb— It is Sacred to 4ta ?? Memory of Meshaoh Squire, and it enumerttjej be&efaciions; el that oiliien, the beautifyingd «| the Church of Great St. Simon Apoatle— envr^i gone now with all his beautifying«--the aims* houses he established, and the Christian ni- taea of his life. Lettice thought that eo good and great » man alonld have bad bis life written -ion a siora permanent record than a tombstone*' which .only chance, be^nse it stood in a f»o$ position, preserved from , destruction wh«n -th* rest were earriad away. Then eh« owaft sjowb; -Jowa tb« -8oart» and looked in **,.»? -Dolon:* «our«Q, vV7itkua Iho b©xJike^w«»a«t.«(tt^ modern chapel, a world tco narrow for the geftfr row awplttude of the old thtirch^ ttrt eM I *o»i^ / dusting tb-s scats eaw tho fii.Kl «L.t«S «i?°*w^ and; nodded greeting. Thoa aha came oul and puaed hoBiUtiimly atong'Uw rooted pttsagtf to tlt^ big street beyond. Bat that Was £aU of ?passers-by, with noise of cabs, omnibuses, and 6acto, which, jarred upon, her nerves, said rather frightened her. Ifc waaapitj, becauwaha had toma oufc with a yearning for the quiet shades of St. Paul's, and a half-feeling that, perhaps, aha might manage to get to Tower-hill, where aha could see the river, and Sad & place of compara tive alienee for 'a Saturday afternoon. To-day ,pi», did not feel equal to facing the crowd, and ♦rept back, with a Eort of shudder, to the. silence at tha Frian. And after a moment's pause, aho iakea thi pasaage that leads to the four-housed 'sqvarSt'snd then, 'dropping into a slower step, j&«*bdganto walk meditatively round and round ttwifiags. 