^ifjemtwrje & jftieace. THE MOATED GEAKGE. AN ORIGINAL TALE, BY M. G. Chaptkh XXrV.— 'Till Death us do ; Part.' , All tliat night I remember I woke up at intervals with the sickening feeling of vague apprehension with which the con sciousness of recent trouble seems to make itself felt even in sleep.. You were sleep ing calmly beside me, and in the darkness and silence of night, in the utter loneliness of this unlooked for sorrow which had suddenly came upon me, robbing me of my short-lived happiness; I would have given worlds if I could only have wakened you, and told you all my griefs and fears. But the terrible- thought that your first feeling on hearing the Signora's story might be that of wild 'regret that you also were not free to make reparation for the errors of the past, rendered this impossible. I knew full well that never by word or deed would you evince this, but how could I tell what unavailing sorrow might not fill your mind ? In the despair that seized oji me, lest this in very truth should be the case, I seemed to realise for the first time how passionately I had learned to love you. I realised that however kind, and good, and considerate you would be to me, it would be all valueless in the face of the bare possi bility that this revelation of the Signora's might lead you to wish that you could undo the past. That you would shortly come to know her story as she had told it to us I could not doubt, seeing tbat apart from the fact of her set purpose to seek you out, you might at any moment meet her face to face in Minjah. A few days after that Maggie came to spend a week at GreenvaleT Without alluding to the Signora's private history she spoke a good deal of her beauty aud gifts, till at last you laughingly remarked, 'that if she enlarged so much on this un known lady's charms you would certainly be compelled to make a pilgrimage to sse her for yourself.'' Maggie, in her serio comic way, replied — ' Well, before you go, Richard, I have a -very serious question to ask you.' Tou sat down, and said with a very grave face — ' What occasion then can bi more fitting than the present? Here is my wife on one side, my sister-in-law o:i the other, a marriage in the family looming close at hand. If that is not enough to make a fellow serious, and inclined to answer serious questions, he must be lost to all sense of propriety.' ' True,' rejoined my uncle, '?' there is but one other man I know of in a position that induces more solemnity, not to say sadness, and that is our poor friend Harry Edgecumbe. To think how that misguided man should have chosen, of all others, the girl to make him fully realise the stern reality of all the pessimist doctrines he now holds so lightly, is really almost heart rending.' ''Is Saul also among the prophets?'' said Maggie, laughing very heartily at her uncle's speech. In seeking to reduce him to a penitent frame of mind for it, the ' serious question' she had proposed to ask was f org-otten. So. for that lime, nothing which could prive you any idea as to who the Signora really was came to light. But you will of course remember that on the succeeding Sunday, as you went out of church, you met her face to face. I was behind, talking to papa aud Maggie, you were a little ahead, with uncle and aunt. We were delaj'ed for a little, sneaking to some of our acquaintances near the church door. As we stood thus, the Signora passed us on her way out of church. Maggie and I bowed to her, and then with a strange sinking at the heart, I waited for her to recognise you. I suppose, in some mechanical way, I went on talking aud listening as I had done before ; but iu reality I thought of nothing else but this, that iu one moment more a chance encounter might raise a barrier between us, farreach ing as eternity — more cruel than the grave. At that moment you turned to look for us, but you did not see us, for there, close .be side you in your path, stood Signora Canipanini. I could not see her face, but I saw the upward appealing motion as she looked up into yours, and the little black gloved hand that she hel-£ out to you. More I did not see, for I 'purposely avoided looking at your face. Through ths weary watches of the nights, and during the slow dragging hours of the days, that the thoughts and apprehensions of my own mind had loaded with misery, the thought hadbeen everpreseut with me, that on the day in which you would come to know all the bignora m self-justihcation had to tell vou — then it might be that in one moment I should know whether my fears a:id doubts were well grounded, or but the too active fancies of my own anxious beart — that by one glauce at your face I might road all, whether for weal or woe. From the little I had ssan of tbe Signora, I knew that she had fluency enough of expression and readiness of wit to be able to impart to you in a very short time all she was mostanxious that, you should know ; and when, after vou been talking with her for four or five minutes ( I looked furtively at my watch or I should have imagined it was infinitely longer), you rejoined us as we were getting into the carriage, I nerved myself to look iu your face, and there endeavor to read what the feelings that were roused by that short in terview were. But I lacked the courage or the presence of mind to regard you long or steadfastly. All I could tell was that you seemed absent aud preoccupied. Then, as we drove home I noticed that when vou spoke to me, or looked at me, there was if ajiyiiiJiig more tnan usual tenderness in 3Tour manner. And at that mv heart sank. Bear with my infatuation, l&chard;, if it was such. Looking back now with a vis:o l cleared by suffering, by absence, and by the lapse of time, I can clearly perceive that in whatever way your meeting the Sismora would affect you I was ready to find in it the confirmation of my fears. My mind had been so exclusively occupied with the subject — the barbed 'words, 'bound or free,' had so poisoned and colored mv thoughts — that it was inevitable this should be the case. And so it was, that even your tenderness formed food for my misgivings, For as I have said, I knew you well enough to be aware that never by word or deed of youis would I read aught of the regret that the Signora's revelation might awaken. Kay, that you would on the contrary feel it incumbent on you by every meaus in your power to make atonement for the wrong that fate more than any wilful fault of yours had wrought me, In being the wife of a roan who could no longer delude him self into the belief that I held the first place in his affections. You will not have forgotten how that evening after a long and constrained silence you said to me when we were alone to gether— 'I find that this Signora Maggie was talking so much about is an old iriend of mine. I met her at the church to-day, and we mutually recognised each other.' ' When you had said this I thought that in reply I would tell you how I also had met her, and how not knowing my con nection with you she had told Maggie what I have previously written. Then I wondered if you knew of it yourself — or if the Signora had put off telling you to a more convenient season, so that you were still in ignorance of all save the fact that she was a widow, and thinking these thoughts I remained dumb, merely saying in answer — 'I have seen her; she is a very beauti ful woman, is she not ?' You stood up as I spoke to you, and I thought you were about to say something further ; but you remained silent. It was two or three days after this that I re ceived the following note frem the Signora — ' My dear Madam — I need hardly say that had I known whose name you bore when with Miss Lawforde you honored ms with your presence in my little room, I would not have entered upon the details of my past life. What is gone is irrevocable. But in justice to myself, I felt it incum bent on me as I said, to reveal what cir cumstances had led to my seeming falseness. When I met Mr. Laurence at church last Sunday, I was wholly taken by surprise. I did not then know in what relation you stood to him. I will be candid and say that 1 had no idea at all that he was married till he said, ' Pray excuse my haste, I fear my wife is waiting for me.' But this, as you know, could not in apy way alter my purpose. Bitterly as I know he suffered through what he must have considered my wanton fickleness to him, in return for all his love and generosity, I had no right to expect that the memory of his first and ardent love would debar him, at least, from innrrying. But neither did I consider that the fact of his having done so should debar me from making the explanation due to both of us. Thus it was that, in parting with him, I asked him to see me for a short time on business to-day. He came ; and now that I have f ullv explained how I was led into the miserable error of believing he regarded his engagement to me in the light of a burden and of a youthful aud indis creet folly, and, in the recklessness with which this belief filled me, married the man who practised this gross deception on me — I say that, having explained this, I have achieved the dearest purpose of my life. Bitter as are our unavailing regrets, we have at least the melancholy satisfaction of knowing that neither was wilfully untrue to ihe other. Now, dear madam, perhaps you will almost wonder why I write this. I have a twofold reason for doing so. Aud, first, as I revealed to you the story of your husband's early attachment to me, deem it but right that I should assure you that was done all unwittingly of your relation to him. Though the identity of the name struck me, I did not for a moment think that you were in any -way connected with my former lover. Secondly — And I beg, dear Madam, that this reason may be accepted with the singleness of mind with whicli it is offered. I wish most earnestly, and, if you will allow me to say it, affec tionalefy, to warn you against in any way resenting what has thus come to your lmowledge. It is. of course, inevitable that Mr. Lawrence should more or less regard with some feelings at least akin to sorrow, ihe circumstances which to day for the first time have come under his knowledge. But reflect, dear Madam, that throughout, the least blame cannot rightly be imputed to him. And whatever his feelings may be now, doubtless time, which sooner or later takes us beyond the keenest darts of fate, and in this life soothes the most poignant griefs, will gradually enable him to forget this. In the meantime, may I not hope that in every way in your power you will stiive to ignore this unfortunate business, and stiive to be as though it had not come under your notice. Nothing but the deep and unalterable interest I take in Mr. Laurence, and for his sake in you, could induce me to write thus.' It is useless now to recall the feelings which this production evoked. I may be doing the writer an injustice, but I must say that, now more than ever, I utterly mistrust the Signora's motives in writing such a letter. I regard it as having been written with the deliberate purpose of estranging us, and I entirely disbelieve her protestations that she was ignorant of your whereabouts when she came to Minjah : and, finally, I look upon it. from beginning to end, as a piece of gross impertinence. Granted that the writer, gifted and beau tiful though she was, could not, from her birth, training,and the external surroundinffs of her life, be expected bv any possibility to possess the instincts and* intuitions of a frentlewoman, yet no woman possessing the Signora's cleverness and shrewdness could write such a letter to another woman with out being conscious of this. But patent as are the writer's motives to me now, I was in a great measure blinded to them when T first read those words, and that made them all the more unendurable. To think that any one should proffer counsel to me as to what my conduct towards you, mv hus band, should be, was bad enough ; but that this woman, who evidently thought it would take you a long time to get over the cruel disappointment of finding yourself bound to me, when, had vou bean a little longer faithful to the memory of your *' first and ardent love,' as she termed it, vou might instead be the Signora's hus band — that she should earnestly warn and advise me in such a matter was intolerable. But the deepest thrust of all was the thought that hateful as this letter wa3 it contained nothing at variance with fact. The tumult of anger, of bitter grief, aud wounded pride which it roused in my mind I cannot describe. After reading it I tore it into minute fragments, which I burnt to the last scrap. Then I burst into, a pas sionate torrent of tears, which Was only checked by the determination that no eye should ever witness any' trace of the suffer ings I thus endured, ' ' - ' I Lad scarcely regained1 my conip^surfe „ when j-ou returned liome. You had been ' away you know to Maudeville, and it waa j on your way there on the preceding day ? that you saw the Signora. In the bitter ness of my feelings I told myself that probably you were cognizan ; that the letter had been written, and I steeled myself to an impassive indifference, an affected coldness that I know must have jarred upon you painfully. When cri that evening you began to speak of the Signora I wholly dissembled my real feelings by saying, that Maggie had rather bored me by speaking so much of her, and that if you would ex cuse me I did not care to discuss her far ther. You were silent for a little, aud then said — 'Do you not think, Mary, that there is some truth in the old maxim that there should be no secrets between man and wife?' 'I am hardly capable of giving an opinion,' I answered, ' I have not thought about the matter/' ' Well,' you replied, ' I have been thinking a little about it, because there is an affair personal to myself of which 1 wish to tell you.' The words '?' bitter as ai%e our unavailing regrets' Bashed before me. A second ver sion of the story told by the Signora seemed more than I could possibly endure. With difficulty restraining my tears, with a vio lent effort repressing all outward sign of tbe conflicting emotions that distracted my mind, I said — 'Pray don't just now. It's absurd to imagine that I want to know everything you did and all that happened to you since you were born.' I took up a book that lay near me as I spoke, and pretended to read. Without another word you left the room, and never afterwards alluded to the subject. From that time till we parted two mouths after wards on board the Eros, the impalpable breach that had gradually made itself felt between us remained. I cannot explain how it was, but as ypu clasped my hand that day, aud looked into my face at part ing, all the wretchedness and reserve that had replaced our former happiness seemed like a dreary dream of death and loneli ness, from which one awakens shudderinar to hear the happy birds singing their morn^ ing hymns, and see God's glad sun shining blight and warin over the earth. I watched you disappear among the crowd. Do you wonder why I linger so wearisomely over these details ? It is because I wish you to realise how all my constraint and as sumed coldness was but the result of dread ing, and in a measure believing, that another than I had hold on your deepest affections ; because I want you fully to know how these feelings led me, when weakened in mind and body by sufferine and danger, into hiding ray preservation from you, when at last it was in my power to go to you. I have said that when at last I slept that morning on which I knew that I owed my life for the second time to the woman who would persuade me this was but a delusion, I dreamt a dream which exercised a strange influence on me. I thought we were walk ing together, you and 1, through a hind that was beautiful surpassingly and bright with verdure, and starry flowers, and gleaming waters. As we went' on in some way which was not clear to me, I lost sight of you. But though I could not see you, I felt sure that you were near me, and still went on my way, till at last the path I followed became rough and thorny, and the whole face of the country through which I went was greatly altered. The sun was dimmed by clouds, the wind was cold, and all round wherever I looked, I saw nothing but great drifting masses of brown and yellowing leaves. Wondering much at this, I looked and saw that these had fallen from the trees which were standing gaunt and leaflesss on every side. Not a shrub nor flower, nor blade of grass was to be seen in the whole land, but on every side were those faded, meagre leaves, swirled in clouds hither and thither, and as I looked at them a strange, weird fancy came into my mind. I thought, ' These are not leaves but the ghosts of former joys that are fluttering homeless in the world. They are in very truth the ghosts of the springtime of life, when the buds were thick upon the trees, when the rose was red, aud the heavens un sullied by the shadow of a cloud. And, k£! of all the great sweet wealth of hope and promise of that season nothing now remains but those restless leaves, with their skeleton leanness and ghostly rustling.' As I said this to myself, great fear and loneliness fell upon me. I was weary, and I wanted you near me that I might lean on you, and hear the sound of your voice to dispel the terror that haunted me. Then, in my extremity, I saw in the midst of the great desolation of drifting autumn leaves a garden close at hand. I hasted to reach it, feeling sure— though no voice had assured me of it — that I would find you there. But I was faint and wayworn, aud stumbled often, and was long in gaining it, and when I reached it I could find no way by which I could enter it. Then I thought I would call upon you to open a way for me, when in that moment suddenly I heard your voice. It was low and full of tenderness, aud I tui ned eagerly to look for you. With a great pang I found that you were speaking not to me, but to a woman who stood beside you, and whose hand you held — a woman beautiful exceedingly, and arrayed in shining garments. Even before I looked at her face I knew it was the woman who had told . me that she was pledged to you years before you saw me. As I stood 'looking at you, biind and sick with misery, I heard the words you uttered, and they were — ' Till death us do part.'' When I heard them I crept away, dumb f.nd tearless, purposing to find 6ome covert where I might lie down, and be for ever hidden from sight, by those sere and ghostly leaves. But I became bund and helpless with anguish, and being unable to shed a tear I tent my head aud moaned. Moaning thus I woke. The middav sun was shining bright and clear acros's the leagues of countless waves that rose and fell all round and washed against the Black Reef Lighthouse. (To lie continued.) We Lave received the first issue of the Tasmanian ifail, a weekly newspaper published in Hobarfc Town. Although Launceston has long liad a weekly paper, fibbart Town has not supported one, but has been content with its daily journals. The Mail, which is published by the . proprietors of the Jfercury, is a . well' edited and carefully arranged paper. The con tents are .varied and interesting, and we .shall' '. h6 surprised if the people living in the southern portion of Tasmania do not give it a liberal , .support. It is evident tfcat the advancement of the island is the aim of its conductors. 