Doing Wrong. There seem to be days for us all when everything goes wrong. Fate is, no doubt, exclusively engaged in studying up ways and means to annoy you. On audi days you generally got up brimful of good intentions. You mean to accomplish so much. Various jobs, which have been hanging at loose ends, are to be completed, and now things begun. You will have an early breakfast, and set things to rights in a jiffy. So you rise before light, and fall over the rocking-chair, which was left there on purpose, and you hit your elbow against the bureau, and got your shoes on wrong, and can't find your keys, and tread on the cars and in, the search, and destroy all that domestic animal's equanimity and Christian feeling for the forenoon. The fire will not burn readily on such days, and you will tear down a finger- nail, and Burnt your clean apron, and knock the skin off your knuckles, before the first feeble bingo will reward your efforts. By the time so much is accomplished the baby will wake up and have to be taken, and your husband will be sure to want a button put on, and a stitch or two taken in that horse blanket," before he can start for town with a load of produce. The hired girl will be cross, and want to be out that afternoon, and when you deny her she will slam the dishes into the sink in such a way that if something is not broken it is a miracle. On days when things go wrong, if you are cooking anything, make up your mind that it will burn up in spite of you. You will spill the melted butter, and gut cinders in the gravy, and the rice pudding will burn fast to the dish, and it will take all the afternoon to scrape it off. These are the days set apart for the dog to chase the horses, and for the car to scratch the children and if you live on a farm, the cows will jump out of the pasture and eat up the most of your cabbages. in the midst of it the oldest boy will break a pane of glass with his bat, and cut his fingers, and come in howling for relief and arnica. You work hard all day and have nothing to show for it, and by the middle of the afternoon you feel as if you must real and just as you are gazing of the lounge, and the last fashion paper, with longing eyes, the door-bell rang, and the girl flounces in to tell you that company has come, " with trunks and bundles enough to stay a month." We suppose that the sterner box are subject to days when everything goes wrong ; but their work is so different from that of women that it can hardly be so trying. Can it Kate TuonN. Timer Ghosts RAn amusing story, which may be of some profit to believers in spirits, is told by a Paris paper. A few days ago a student died in a boarding-house. The deceased was buried, but immediately after some persons pro- tended that Ilia ghost returned every night to the room where he died. Needless to any, nobody could be got to occupy the chamber. At last a student of a less superstitious nature arrived, and consented to sleep in the haunted room. But two of the old lodgers, annoyed at his incredulity, determined to convince him against his will. They covered themselves up in sheets, and, as the clock struck midnight, glided into the chamber, muttering the most awful groans. But they had reckoned without their host, who, having Ilia auapicioiiH, also put on a sheet, and hid himself in the cupboard, and as the two dia- guised lodgers stalked around the bed he quietly came out of his retreat and followed them. They no sooner caught sight of him than they rushed off' trembling, and the next morning paid their bills, and left the house firm converts to spiritualism. Rksuminu.?They looked sad and doubtless felt so, as they stood up against the horse-back. "Times is hard?" signed one. " Wusa than Confcderit I" the other responded, " Au' work's too oxiuiHtin' I" " Hit draws a man down powerful!" "I never did see money be hard to get a fist on I" " YaH, hit's skaters hen's teeth." " But I've got one fifty contralto left, you but." " Ah, well I shan't." " Let's soak her down for the (Iiiuka I" " Now that bonus something' like resuming my business, that do 1" And they had themselves behind the bar screen in a jiffy. If you wish the pick of men and women, take a good bachelor and a good wife. It is more, important that a wife should be a good gossip, and talk pleasantly and smartly of common friends, and the thousand and one nothing, on the day and hour, than that she should speak with the tongues of men and angels j fora while together by the fire happens more frequently if marriage than the presence of a extinguisher) foreigner to dinner. 