tjitfimt LIEUTENAHT BOYLE'S DUEL. Many yean ago I wu spending the «umnor at a ftae old mansion in New Jersey fall ot hietorloal souTenlrs, for It had onoe been the head-quarters of General Washing* ton* About the time ot whioh I am writing the estate wu in litigation, and some dronm ;. I00DMH7 fisiaj ot wo utw wuuww -v neotssaryer convenient to tent the mansion i fora while as a summer boarding hiuse, ?wJtt *U the beastifnl old oarrsd furniture and other belongings. Bren the valuable i palnttngs wete left on the walls ot the drawing room, and a picture galleiy L remained intact, doing unwonted service as D dining and danoleg hall for lntrnding Ooths y «nd vandals. : |\ a belt of grand old trees desoribed a i -v ? ?emiotrola on the lawn Just in front of the i hows. Beneath each tree was a marble ( #tatBethesiseofUfe. They renMsentyd Ifte I niasatnMs:IsU the Goddess of lramprtality, | Japltar Flavins, the deity of the watering I pot and other heathen worthies. Theli I . aenlptors were oettainly neither Oanova, ner II Hlrwn Powers, not yet that audacious bat [( - «ioeedingly pretty Vinnie Beam, who has [\ wadeted SstseU Immortal by oattlng aw V Si»almartywd President. 'fiHU, teen at I |he proper 'onobanted-dlstanoe, and bathed I in soft, «Feet moonlight, Oanova's 'Venus,' I 'the 'Greek Slave,' Or he who frayed for I; 'oharity for all,'-»on)d»ot have awakened I; snon tOeaslng^mottons. I , ?? - ; But alas I our Joy was not forever In these I r ttints of distant enohanUnent . and snoon I, ilgbf^eanty. I^inanslonliaa.aot Jttm 1 Mwtf. -JrtOnjit,ofconisASav*UtusI»«d 11' in a body to ' the store,' and, with a busi nesslike vigor worthy of a better cinse, demanded bows and arrows. Then enrolling themselves into an independent target company, they diligently practiced shooting at the statues, until the noses of the Muses, wen triumphantly shot away. Naturally enough, after this performance the heathen deities were removed in a blast of Indignation by their raging proprietor ; the small Christiana — or 'little demons,' as he called them— joyfully assisting, cavorting wildly around each' ' stone boy and girl,' as their foundations were dug up, clapping their dirty little hands, blowing their discordant little trumpets, boating their horrible little drams, galloping in front ot the horses aa they went with their hardens out of the great gates, squealing like a eat with a bone in his throat, and otherwise disporting themselves in honor of the ghostly recession, after the utterly inexhaustible end intolerable manner of small boys. ThelateOem. Kearney, the bluff and brave, lived in a plcturecqne oottage adjoining the grounds of the ' Brighton HonBe,' as it was and is now called. Bis presence attracted to the place other officers of the army and navy. Among them were Capt, (now Admiral) Porter, Capt. (now Vice-Admiral) Bowan, the late brave and honored Capt. Hartstetn, and a num tier of army officers with their families . You may believe that the presence of so many brave and gallant men made carnival the whole of the time for those b ro worshippers, the fair women and lovely girls who were gypsyitig there for the Bummer. Such devoted knights as they ' were I Biding, boating, fishing, swimming, d&acing; military drills with canes and broomsticks for the children, inpromptu operas and plays for the other children. We were all children in those halcyon days— as witness oar playing at man's bnff. But. this was when the ' little pitchers' were abed and asleep, for, with their murdering caDdor and innocence, they wonld have betrayed us to the .entire community, whose ancestral traditions and personal dignity had developed in it already a horror of euoh high jinks as had come unaerits no ice. Bat— bless these high-toned susceptibilities, we wonld have been a bright and shining light unto them, for we had ao quarrels, not oven the green ghost of a jealousy. A divine mantle of charity rested upon ns the live long summer; it was just one brilliant, delicious midsummer dresm. To balf-a-doien of us older women wa« vouchsafed the keenest enjoyment of all. This was to be permitted to sit under the wide-spreading trees with the officers, in the purple and golden glory of the sunsets, and listen to their racy, characteristic stories. -We allt.Id a white-brown fib the very first thing, vowing that we delighted in tobacoo smoke, in order to pnt them completely at ease. It was very essy to do it, for they never stopped smoking after that. One l ight they had been telling side splitting stories about Magrnder.who lisped, ana 'Beauty,' who was also a Oommodoii!, when Oapt Bowan said: '?By- the-way, Porter, whit became of old Boyle? I have completely lost sight ot him.' 'Well, the last time I saw him,' answered the Captain, smoothing down the- great silky brown moustache, 'I was his second in a duel.' As be spoke, his dark bright eyes flashed with some droll recollection, and his well-shaped lips parted it a broad smile. Certain that the strain of amusement in the mellow voice and the tell-tale faoe betokened a duel without a tragedy, we women clamored for the story. 'I bad gone,' eaid Captain Porter, at once, 'with half-a dozen other fellows, all naval offcers, to spend a week at Shrewsbury— a little half pony town in Jersey here; and one evening as we were sitting in the bar-room of the tavern, smoking, telling anecdotes, and talking between whiles with the natives, who should come sauntering in bat old Boyle. 'Any room for met' he asked. 'Why, yes; come in,' we all cried ; and we were soon telling him the news — Boyle in torn relating bis adventures, perhaps roman cing a little, and at last ending with ? ' 'Veil anybody here worth knowing?' 'Yes,' I answered 'there is one Jersey giant, six feet two in his stookings, and the greatest bully on record,' 'Ahl what's his name?' 'That's the best of it. Bis name is Oeorge Washington EosoluBko Peter Bona parte Solomon Job Slimcum.' 'Phcebusl what a namel' exclaimed Boyle, bursting out lauphing. 'What is the gentleman's profession'' 'He spends his time cultivating, a bean patch, threatening the poor villagers and browbeating the women and children.' 'Does— does he? Well, he'd the very boy forme. I wish he would come in, I'd like to have a little talk with Mm.' 'Why, my dear fellow,' said I 'he'd make three of you. Fact is, we all keep to the windward side of him — no uie getting shot for such a landlubber.' At this a lanky party with a portentous nose, who bad been listening to every word, remarked, through his ness ; ' Wa'al, I e'pose you naval men think yourself thnnderin' brave, but I kin tell yon our Ournel could fight all on you to onet, with his right h«n' fled behind him. Ton naval men needn't think you're gain' to 'nepoUse aU the brass and bluster.' 'Boyle's ears pricked up at this, for, as you know, Bowan, he is a tegular old ssa lion, afraid ot nothing, from a powder monkey to a sea-serpent at sea, and a moose to an elephant on shore. Bo he bounced round on our nasal friend, and snapped out at him, like a pngnaolons bull-terrier.' ' What's that f Want to try our brass and bluster I Where's yonr big gun f Trot him out I'd like to see htm.' \-- Wa'al, there h« is,' -aid the man, with a sort of snort of triumph ; and, sure enough, U swaggered the round- shouldered, putty faoedgUBt. He had tofts ot dry grass for beard, a large, flabby, pusillanimous nese, small, oblique eyes, and two hay oolored dabs «f hair, one on each temple, known to solentiflp explorers of the New York Bowery as ' soap looks,' He was eating pea nuts or pop corn as he entered; and, jerking a chair round, he threw himself into it with a contemptuous nod to the company, and ordered * glass of toddy hot, In a voiee of thunder. Little Boyle sat quiet, watchful, observing, a curious smile curving his good-humored month i while the other, half shutting his eyes, with an air ot lofty disdain, slowly sipped the hot toddy. ' Oh, pshaw I' sneered our nasal friend, in a whisper to Boyle, ' yon daren't tackle him. He'd make jou look womblesoxoft in a But Boyle, seeming not to hear this imper tinenos, tur.ed to us saying, with a uty air, ' ru going to see if there is any grit In him 1' and, -approaching the chair open whloh Ool-Qsorge Washington KosciuBko, eta, reollned.ihe perched fahsself on the edge ofetableneer, and said, pleasantly, 'Good -veni»g,«lr.V ? ,-,. - , ? , 'Who are yon, etrt'rt turned the other, with a Tiperlshtaok our «f bis slant eyee. : *llasa*««nttaman, and my name Is JttBtusBrufeiBoyle.' ' - ..?'AadsmriniaMlr Oeorge Washington Eos^askolr^ . Bpnsaatu - i«oUmp& Jeb Dlimoum, ana ym'd bsttaVtnlnd what ypa'W ?bout.' 'I will, thank yon. I understand that yon are pretty considerable of a fellow.' ' Sir, you air a ruthcr free an' easy sort of cnes ; rutber toe forrard.' ' Yes, oh, yes. I might be as stiff as the North Pole, or as distant as two-mile stones ; bnt then, you know, the other is my way.' ' Wa'al, sir, I doa't like your way.' ' No f how queer I Well, I won't be dis obliging, and I give you permission to lump it then.' 1 'Sir, jou air— yon sir sassy. You'd better curb them proponsitudes of youro.' 'Jest so. You have a, propensitude, I understand, to consider yourself a great man I' ' Sir, you afr imperdent — ' 'Take care, sir I' shouted Boyle. 'I won't stand any insult.' 'Shol Wbatilyondof' ' Do ? I'll fight you ; I'll blow you to the other end of nowhere.' ' Ho 1 ho 1 Kin you fight ?' sneered tbe giant, now on bis feet, rocking bsck and forth, his gaunt bony hands opening aad shutting as if they were iu contact with an electric battery. ' Ha I ho i you d better be careful, you bad. I kin cut a cent in half, I kin.' ' Hs I ho I' laughed Boyle, imitating the ball?. ' I'm eufferin terrible to see you doit. I'd ruther have a shot than a sugarplum front such a fire-cater as yon.' ' Wa'al sir, I've got a material tack for firearms ; I kin fight with nnytbin' from a cambric needle to a 12-poundor ;' and lie thumped tbe table, opeettidg the glasscss and glared down on Boyle, sure that he had 'fustrated him, I bet, and no mistake nnther,' as our nasal friend observed under his breatb. But he lost his bet, for, bold as liars or Baron Munchansen, Boyle immediately ex claimed ' Jingo I you don't say 1 I thought you bad about as much real courage as one could put ia a hosKBpataic pill. Came out now, my fine cock-nf-the-walk, and give us a touch of your quality ?' ?' Wa'al 1 Lawful cakes ?' ejaculated the Colonel ; ' you can't fight at night I What a byaFtical idea.' ' Oh, Yes, you can. Nonsense I I'll manage it. We'll take two lanterns, and stand back to back, then each walkaway twenty paces, wheel round, and firs.' ' Darned if I do I Ain't a-goin' to be ding donged into slan'in up like a consumed fool in sdark night You jess wait till to-morrer.' ' Or the fifty-third week of this year. No sir,' thundered Beyle, 6ta taping hie foot which, like Mother Oarey'scnickens, was tbe sure pre cursor of a storm, ' no, sir I You bhall figh t now. I suouid never have taken the slightest notice of you if I had not been to!d of your cowardly bullying of women and little children. Don't stand mooning there I In one minute more I shall box your large ears, and then flap you over the bead with this horsewhip ;' and he seised one etandiog in the comer. 1'he world did not appear to go upon double jointeu casters just then with George Washington Kesciusko, and the rest. Bis little angry eyes weut blinking around the room, he teetered up and down on hie heals and toeB, be moistened his dry lips with his tongue, and his hands worked mire nervously thaa over, as he detected a look of socrafal, half surprised derision on the facesofsomeof tho Je i toymen. But a glance at his challenger's determined visage showed him that there iros no deliverance tobehopedfor, and he shuffled outoftheroom, followed by Boyleand the rest of us, who did not mean to lose sight of him. We obtained two old muekets, and well* knowing that our man would take sure aim and fire, whatever tbe other did, we loaded them only with powder, communicating this little ruse to no one, for Boyle would have fought ns all in turn if he had discovered it. Out we went into tbo dark and lonely road. In solemn silence we placed the com batants back to back, George Washington, etn., heaving ponderous, frightened signs enough to have driven a sloop from its moorings. We gave them each a lighted lantern and with emphatic one, two, three I they started on their twenty paces. We all counted, and at the twentieth loudly called, 'stop I' Boyle wheeled round, as we could jnpt discern by I he dim light cf hia lantern, but George Washington Kosciusko Peter Bonaparte Solomon Job tSlimcum kept ou walking. ' Halloo I' cried Boyle, ' haven't yon get twenty paces yet ?' No answer ; but the walking, as we could see by the swinging of tbe lantern, bad turned into prodigious strides. The text moment the light was extinguished. 11 Halloo 1' shouted Boyle again. ' Stop, you villain — stop I Yah I whirro I You scoundrel! you miserable landlub— ' Bang went bis gun, and we all made a simultaneous rush down the road; but, 'like asnowflske in the river,' George Washington, etc., had' evanished' ; and from that day to this he was never more seen in 8he-vs- bury. The story was told amid shouts and screams of laughter from the officers and us women, and if that fire-eater, little Bsyle, ever sees the account of his duel here, I know that he and Admiral Porter will fergivo me for telling it again. 