SPORTING NOTES. Br "Sterling." At the V.R.C. meeting on Saturday the weather was really beautiful, a little breeze just tempering the sun's radiance. Backers had a bit the worst of it, although the two urac events were au vaey couia wish, the favourite romping home in each case. Bos- worth scoring a win for the St. Albans stable in the first, whilst Chester made light of his penalty in the second event, and won in the commonest of canters. Of the extraordinary merit of this great three-year-old, there can only be one opinion now And how good he really is it is hard to estimate. The V.R.C. Handicap afforded the fielders a turn, for Wood lands, with the light burden of fist 121b, and very judiciously ridden, won very cleverly at the close, with the two favourites, Whisperer and The Vagabond, about whom 3 to 1 was taken, next him. For the Canterbury Plate, Robinson Crusoe started at 3 to 1 on him, so invincible was he deemed, but Glenormiston made the whole of the running, and his previous exertions telling against him, he couldn't reach the game little sen of frirnnp Plntn. a«i whom jBk most patient race, now shot out, and getting up in the last stride, caught the judge's eye by half a head, the favourite a good third. The Steeplechase came next, Flirtation and Lone Hand carrying most money, but the former was soon out of it. A great many accidents occurred in the race, but there is no doubt that the best horse on the day won, Lone Hand cleverly de feating All Fours at the finish. For power and pace combined I doubt if the winner could be surpassed. Aspinall, on Opposition, and Howe, on King Harold, earned great praise for grand recoveries made by them. The Free Handicap, which closed proceedings, was the greatest sur prise of the day. The King and Breadalbane both had warm friends, and the money was popped on in earnest. Breadalbane ran a great horse, but found his superior in Postman, the hurdleracer, who won easily. So ended the spring meeting of 1877, The weights for the handicaps of the Bailarat spring meeting appear in our columns this week. In the Steeplechase Lone Hand is raised lilb for his Flem- ington victory, but over his own course it by no means puts him out of it; and as All r ours has been raised 21b, he meets his con queror on 91b better terms, and as the country is easier than at Flemington, the contest should oe very even, auu vuere is every pussiuuiby ol the verdict being reversed. Postman and Hans Breitman should have a show, whilst Blue Jacket has f allen greatly in the handicapper's estimation. Flirtation, with lOst 31b, if sent straight this time, may atone for Mr. Clarke's previous bad luck ; and Flirt and Darkie are let off lightly. On the whole, it is a very fair han dicap, but the Miner's Rest stable will take a lot of beating, as their bow has several strings. The Bailarat Handicap is headed by Wollomai, with 9st 31b, and, with the very mediocre lot below him, less could hardly be given bim after his recent running. Meteor, with 7st 12lb, Bhould have a say in it ; and if Tom Kirk were well on the day, 7st 101b should have a chance. Askantee, with 21b less, ought not to be out of it. Breadalbane, Lockleys, Waxy, Monk, Comet, and Erin, seem all to have a look in ; and a. oond accentance and close finish should result. Wollomai is again at the top of the tree, with Sst 121b, in the Bailarat Cup, and nearly the same lot seem as well in here as in the Bailarat Handicap. Den Silva heads the list in the Tally-ho Cap, with 12st 101b; Postboy, with 12st 71b, occupying second place ; but if Bellman goes straight — and on this oc casion I hear Mr. Inglis will pilot him — hell take a bit of doing with only lOst 71b. In tbe Telegraph Stakes Warlock looks a certainty, and Tin Whistler should be his most dangerous opponent. Alice Hawthorn seems to have quite enough in the Hurdle Race, whilst Tramp is very well in. Altogether, Mr. Barnard seems to have got the measure of his horses pretty accurately, and I look for a large acceptance. Owners and trainers must remember that on Tnesday next, the 20th instant, acceptancs, en closing sweep, must to Mr. J. Johnson, tbe secretary, at the George hotel, Bailarat, when and where entries for the Selling Race, Flying Stakes, and Bowen Handicap must also be made; The Bendigo weights are also out, and Mr. W. P. Neal evidently keeps himself well posted in the doings of the various nags. Veno, Dignity, and Fritz seem best in among the | hurdleracers, but the field is carefully brought together, and it will take a bit of picking. The Painter is i l! _ i j _j3p _ :H n V»nf ax xae neau. 01 anairs iu over this short distance the scale of weights adopted is too light to give the division to which Diomed, Plunge, and Hippona belong a ghost of a show. Royalty and Rapidity (if back to his form) seem very well iu, and Ralph Leigh is not harshly treated, and could give such cattle as those above alluded to 2st and a beating. Royalty's Derby running, measured by Wood- land's V.R.C. performance, has evidently been overlooked, yet with so many aged horses also lightly iu, a great race may be expected. Still, the duffing division are entitled to a chance for their entrance money. They cost as much to keep and-enter as the best ; bat were Royalty (fist 12ib) and Hippona (fist 31b) running a to-, morrow, how many could, be induced to back the fifiy at any prioe ! In the Epsom Handicap the weights are well pat together on the whole bat Stuckson hoe all he is entitled to. The Trot u agood handicap. For the Bendigo Handicap, POrth, Plunge, Diemed, and Bedouin can't fi ve tbeghost of a show, in consequence ef the ligbtaess of the scale adopted ; but (with the exception bt Jpoinet, whose tiote win was a selling race at itensington, in which hejnst beat Merino at fist 101b each) the others _ seem very well puttogether, Royalty again pleasing use mostwith6st 91b. In the Steeplechase Lone Hand isonly raised21b forhiBSaturday'Bwin, AllFours meetihg himfilb better. This should equalise mattotebeivween these two. Saucepan meets AllTaMsti'Hie'qqme terms as on the last ocea- he has performed over big ones in Sydney, and the V.R.C. Hurdle Race and Free Handicap showed want of pace was not amongst his fail iegs. His full brother, Postboy, is equally well treated, and 7ib apiece extra would not have hurt either. Flirtation, with lOst 4lb, is not ill-used. Sailor I don't know. Greys tanes, Cruiser, and Greys teel are close together. Comet and King Harold are fairly treated, mid Flirt is let off lightly, having given weight to Aaron and beaten him over hurdles, and every one knows how she jumps. Oberon has his full share. Blueskin is a full brother to James. Syduey meets Lone Hand 91b better than last time, and Opposition, at SBt 121b, meets the Melbourne winner on exactly the same 4 terms, as last time he was handicapped at Sst 71b, and Lone Hand at 12st 21b, the grey then giving him a stone beating. As the Miners' Rest stable also has three chances here, their chanoe for the double, Hurdle and Stseple, is not at all a bad one. The Ballarat division cannot complain of being hardly used in the events of the rival goidfields eapitaL It must lie remembered by owners and trainers that the acceptances (with sweeps enclosed) for these events must reach the hon. secretary, at the Royal hotel, Sandhurst, before 8 p.m. on Wednesday next, the 21st instant ; and on same date, and at the same place and hour, entries for the two selling races must be made. Owners will be particular in furnishing the jockeys' colours, as the rules respecting same will be most strin gently enforced. Needle having injured her leg in her race, has been thrown out of work. The gentleman who races under the name of Mr. C.JEdwardes has purchased Waterford from Mr. Henry Bowler for 1,000 guineas. Hie well- known rider W. Yeomans has accepted an engagement from Waterford's purchaser to train and ride for him. The salary, I understand, is a very high one, and henceforth Yeomans will reside at Flemisgton. A racing club is in course of formation at the Serpentine. Messrs. Coutts Brothers offer the use of a splendid course. Tne Penola Racing Club hold their annual meeting on the 6th and 7 th of February, when good prizes will be offered, and most of our western nags will probably cross the border. The events include Maiden Piate, of 40 so"8 ; Handicap Hurdle. 40 soys; Penola Handicap, 100 sovs ; Selling Race, of 50 sovs, winner to be sola for 15 sovs ; Fiying Handicap, of 10 sovs ; All-age Stakes, of 40 sovs; Amateur Hnrdle, 20 sovs ; Racing Club Handicap, of 75 sovs ; Selling Race, of 20 sovs, and Consolation Stakes, of 20 sovs. There will be a nice little meeting at De nilicuin on Boxing Day, when prizes amounting to £165 will be given away. On the same date YVodonga races will take place. The prizes offered here amonnt to £105. The acceptances for the principal events of the Western Racing Club's meeting, te be held at Hamilton, appear in another column. Adelaide heads the list in the Western District Cup with Sst 2ib, fifteen being the number of contents, amongst whom are Don Silva, Star, Artful Joe, and Breadalbane. The Racing Club Handicap has seventeen, nearly the same names appearing. On Tuesday the Victoria Racing Club, at their olfice, paid the stakes over to the various winners at their iate meeting. Chief among these is the Hon. James White, of Sydney, whose total win nings in stakes are £3,503 15s., made up thus : — £1,870 for the Melbourne Cup, £1,115 for the V.R.C. Derby, and £488 15s. for the Mares' Pro duce Stakes, by Chester's aid, and £30 for third place in the Maribyrnong Plate with Roedee. The richest single prize was the Maribyrnong Plate, secured by Vulcan for Mr. Etty De Mestre. Then Mr. James Wilson was third with £732 10a., made up thus The Oaks, with Pardon, £505 ; Darling Stakes, £145 with the same mare, and third money with First King in the Derby. Mr. C. B. Fisher's share was £600, Robinson Crusoe securing £490 of this, viz., £220 for the Melbourne Stakes, and £270 for the Royal Park Stakes. The second money in the Maribyrnong Plate with His Lordship, aud in the Four- year- eld Handicap with The Deacon making up the amount named. Mr. Herbert Power threw ia for £580 by Bosworto and Savanaka, the former having won the Fiying Stakes of £280 and the All-aged Stakes of £235, whilst Savanaka took second money in the Melbourne Cup and Royal Park Stakes. Mr. Martin Loughlin drew £480, pot to his credit by Lone Hand, in the Steeple chase. The Vagabond credited Mr. Petty with £223, for the Hotham Handicap, £160 for the Four-year- old Handicap, and the third money in the Cup, the total being £418. Mr. John Tait received £346 for Strathearn's Spring Handicap victory, and £10, second money in the Maiden Plate, by same horse's aid, making £356. Pluto helped Mr. Phillips to £350, for second in Derby and first in Canterbury Plate. Postman, by his double victory in Hurdle and Free Handicap, made Mr. M. Griffin a winner of £310. Woodlands, by appropriating the V.R.C. Handicap, put £335 to Mr. Silberberc's credit. Warlock gave Mr. Patterson £330, for the Kensington Stakes. Talk o' the Vale helped Mr. Gilbert, of South Australia, to £307. Then came Mr. Filgate, with £236, this being Gienormistoa's share. Sir Hercules Robinson, £140, per Viscount. Mr. G. Hurdis, with Activity ; and some smaller amounts, making a total of £11,008 10s. Bookmakers have been busy in paying and receiving over the past meeting, and although the ring are hit heavily, the Victorian public is not a large winner, the bulk 'of the money having gone into the hands of our Sydney neighbours. Had Savanaka or The Vagabond won, the Victorian backers wouM have re joiced, as both horses were heavily backed by the public as well as by the Btable. Some very large wagers have been paid by several of the ring, in some cases very ostentatiously, in others in a quiet, business like way, infinitely more to their credit, and without requiring a suit of clothes as percent age for prompt payment, as is reported to have been done by one bookmaker who aspires to high rank among his order. Some backers have been hard hit, and a bit slow, but to this phase of the subject the ring arepretty well tueo, and like horses, these slow ones only want time. Still, use does not make it pleasant for the talent, especially when thfey have had a knock like that received by them at this meeting ; and no bookmaker has failed to meet bis engage ments. On the whole, considering how little the Victorian public have benefited by the losses of the ring, the settling is not a bad one. Intending visitors to the Ballarat Torf Club's forthcoming meeting will be glad to learn that a special train has been arraiedf or. , It frill leave Melbourne on inext at a quarter-past 8, reaching Ballarat at a| quarter to 11, returning to town on Friday evening ; quitting Ballarat at five minutes to 7, and arriving in Melbourne at half-past 9. _ As there is no more pleasant outing than, a trip to Bowling Forest, a large number of metropoli tans will probably pay the golden city a visit. S. Moon, who trained Wollomai when he won the Cup, has terminated his engagement with Mr. C. Edwardes, and is starting as a public j trainer. Having had experience in England, j Germany, and Australia, and being steady, civil, and painstaking, he should not lack patrons. The weights for Wagga YVagga appear in this issue. In the Wagua Oup The Diver heads the list with 9st. Viscount and Coventry, at fist 121b and fist 8U». look, at a hastv glance, about best in ; and Lousiana (if she is Mr. Bnwes's mare) is not cruelly used with 5s t 71b. In the Grand Stand Handicap Filibuster has all he is entitled to, but Stratheara should be a long way in it with 6st 101b. Postman and Gouibura are well matched in the H imiie ; but if Trifle is pink on the day, she wi-ltake a lot of doing; and Counterj umper, when well, is a very useful up-ceuntry horse. The Steeplechase is a good handicap between the first three and Flirtation, but Fearaanght and Opposition seem harshly UBsd. Clarendon has a goad local reputation. On the whole, however, Mr. Gonnley's handi caps will bear comparison with many recent pro ductions. Ou Friday next, the 23id of Novem ber, owners arid trainers must remember that acceptances must l»e made for the YVagga Cup, and must be accompanied with 5 sovs, before 4 p.m., with the secretaries of the A.J.C. or V.R.C. at their offices, or up to 9 p.m. on the same day to the secretary of Murrumbidgee Turf Club. On Thursday, the 29th instant, the balance of entry (3 sovs) must be paid at the same places and hours. The Grand Stand Handicap acceptance is fixed for the same day, places, mid hoar, 5 sovs accompanying it, when the Hurdle Race acceptance, with 3 sovs, must also be sent in. In the Steeplechase 3 Sovs accompa Hes the acceptance on Friday, and on the next Thursday the balance of fi sovs must parted with. Why ou earth the whole amounts are not made payable at acceptance or scale, it's hard to understand. The conditions are nearly sure to be misunderstood, and the club will, as at the Deniliquin autumn meeting, lose entries by date of last payment being overlooked. As it is, the deduction of 10 per cent, will militate greatly against the succesB of the meeting. There were some very cheap horses sold at Mr. Yuille's sale on Monday, notably seme fine Ladykirk horses bred by the Messrs. Chirnside. Mount found a new owner, and goes up-country, as does The Deer. The Wofconga, on Tuesday, took the Gover nor's horses and some others back to Sydney, whilst Woodlands, Pimento, the Dagmar and Eugenie colts, and another purchased at Mr. Fisher's sale, together with a mare of Mr. Ivory's that had visited King of the Ring, have gone home by the Barrabool, which sailed on the same day. " Nemo," of the Sydney Mail, was also a passenger per the Barrabool. The weights for TattersaU's New Year's Day meeting, at Sydney, appear in another column, and Janitor is at the head of the list in the Cup with 9st, Timothy coming next with 31b less. Erin f with 7st 81b, can't be out of it, if well; and The Dean is not hardly used with 7st. Maude, with 6st 101b, should also have a look in, and Coventry should have an outside show with 7st. Of the others, Beckwood has the best appear ance, but there are a lot to choose from, viz , fifty-five. The Hawkesbury weights are also out, and here Apology, Maude, and Giovanna seem toe best on paper, but as the day draws near the market will give an index to their chances. The Melbourne correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator says : — "Baring the week there has been a good deal of inquiry as to the meaning and pronunciation of the name ef the horse which ran second for toe Cap. Savanaka is a Fijian word, signifying 'very good,' and was given by, or at the suggestion of, Sir Hercules Robinson after his Fijian mission, and when negotiations were in progress that the horse should go into his hands. In pronunciation, all the a's are broad." The Bimboola Raring Club are taking ener getic steps to get np a good race meeting. They've had some athletio sports at Natimuk, in which the son of Mr. R. Troy Knight, the energetic secretary of the Natimuk Race Club, distinguished himself neatly, winning the Nati muk Maiden Plate and Handicap with fourteen points. Weidner won the Hurdle Race, and the Boys' Race fell to a younger son of Mr. Knight. A match between Mr. Harnett's b m Moon shine and Mr. Love's b g Yankee Grab was won by the former, mid she afterwards defeated Prentice Boy in another match ; but, while she was fit, he was off the grass. The Harrow EacingOlub offer a nice little programme for New Year's Bay, including a Maiden Hurdle Raee, Harrow Handicap, Publi cans' Purse, Handicap Hurdle Raee, and Conso lation Handioap. Nominations are due on toe 1st of December. Weights appear on toe 15th, and the 29 th Is fixed for acceptances. That energetic and patient man Mr. Cox is determined to keep toe game alive, and has a good little programme for his patrons' delectation to-day. The Hurdle Race of 25 sevs has a nice field of ten, and Mr. Vowles seems to have got them well together. The demise of one well- known performer that is included in the list was currently reported in town, and posted in Tat tersaU's rooms, this week ; but I learn that he still has " hair on," and will probably try to skin toe lamb for the ring. Welshman, with lOst 121b, I scarcely expect to distinguish him self. Stampede, with 9st 101b, should have a good show, bat it is a big jump from toe weight he carried last time. Flinders has won in the district of the same name. Handover cannot be fit enough yet, besides having a temper. Eugene is new to fame. Silvertail is most favourably handicapped, and mnat be near the absolute winner. Union Jack is thrown in, as he is half-brother to Monk, and is a big horse. As a two-year-old, he won toe Yellow Jack Produce Stokes at Avoca easily, doing the l« in Imin. 51sec. As a three-yew-old, he carried Sst end won the Buninyong Borough Handicap, amileanda half, beating Erin, 5 yrs, with7st41b; and, entered not to be 8dc(, wen toe Selling Race in a canter, Monk not getting a place ; he was no where in the Horsham Oup, won hiy Lord Harry ; and, giving that fast miler Starlight a stone, was' just beaten by him in toe Junior Stakes jtt th6 same meeting ; ma second to Palmemtoh for the Hamilton Leger, Adelaide being behind Mm; and, with 6st 31b, wis third for Hamilton Turf Club Handicap, Nell G wynne, Star, Lord Harry, Flirt, Ivanhoe,and Adelaide, with fist 13fb,being among those behind him. Still, I've not seen Mm hurdles, end it?e his djbtit in that Ub$ f but as toe stable have a bursa in th«!St®Pte which has soored a win over the # looks as if the double was intended this time , but this is only conjecture. Rover beat (median at Cranboarne, but is scarcely pink ; whilst in fidel, with 8st 121b, is looked on as a certainty by a very knowing division. In the riandicsp for Two-year-olds the top weight, Wellington, and Stewardess should run a great race j am 1 it Fieetwing is in the humour on the day, one should be very near them ; but an awful lot depends on the start in these fast flatters. Tne mile a quarter Handicap will take a bit of picking, as the weights are. weli allotted. After his Cup running YVaxy can't be out of it. Speechless or Mr. Hey wood's best rill, I think, furnish the first pair, though YY umbo- with 7st 101b, Robin Hood and Stockham. with 6et, and Lady Ellen and Plunge, with 5st IGib each, can t growl at their burdens. Wonxbn aro Comet, if they start, should be about iu the Sf.iliug Race. For the Steeplechase Electricity, with 1 1st 71b, is not badly used, but I hardly jaucy - hat he has dons work enough of late. Wamor, who is next on the list, carries lOst 41b, and as he is Union Jack's stable companion, anii is not much known in town, I give his performances. In 1876 he fell in St. Araaud Handicap Hurdle Race, won by Snip, and this year v. on the St. Arnaud Handicap Hurdle Race. YY on Moonam- bel Handioap Hurdle Race, carrying lOst 71b ; was third for Talbot Selling Hurdle Race, having run off at last jama ; with 9st 7i b, woa Selling Race at Avoca, Too Late, Duchess, Aurora, First Rose, Whalebone, Jealousy, aud Mavis being behind him ; and in the Bongaree Steeplechase he, with lOst, beat Fenian (lOst 71b) and Narcisse (list). Sydney, with lOst 31b, shenld have a big look in. Blueskin (10.- 1) is full brother to James, but better looking, and, I'm told, is very well. He once fell at Coalfield, at toe last fence, when in the lead in a Handicap Steeplechase, carrying 9st 81b. Pygmalion ran at toe last meeting here, and Opposition is now raised from 8st 71b last time to fist 101b this — a big jump, Bluey has9st 71b, but ;s too headstrong ; while Fenian has the light burden of 8st 121b, under which he'll take a bit ef beating. The Plunge Handi cap of five furlongs, closes the performance, Poodle (with Sst 101b), Waxy (with 71b less), and Speechless (with 7st 7ib) appear best in of the top weights, whilst Stockham, Firebell, Lady Ellen, and Moni tress seem the best of the duffing division. There should be a rare attendance to-day, and as there is every prospect of fine weather, Mr, Cox should :es. a handsome har vest. The Wangaratta Turf Ciab having announced their intention of charging each member of the ring two guineas ere allowing him to ply his vocation at their forthcoming meeting, Mr. Goyder, at TattersaU's rooms, d re v ihe atten tion of his brothers of the metallic circle to this law, stating that, if they submitted to it in this instance, every little country c ub would do likewise. The bookmakers present at oaee re solved not to attend the Wangaratta rate ting until the charge was done away with. Of course, the Wangaratta club have a right to t make their own regulations, but owners like to be able to back their horses and the public their fancies ; and if the ring don't attend, backers will follow suit. A short time ago a contemporary advocated the V.R.C. licensing bookmakers. Ihis suggestion has evidently pleased the powers at Wangaratta, and as they derive an income from toe publicans and the proprietors ef the various little games, they think the bookmakers may also contribute to their funds ; and as our contemporary suggested £100 as a fit sum for the premier club to charge, their modest charge of £2 can hardly be deemed exorbitant, for certain it is that the Wangaratta Turf Club have the same right to exact a licence as toe Victorian Racing Club. If bookmakers are ever to be licensed, the matter should rest with the Government, With reference to toe present difficulty, it is to be hoped that an amicable arrangement may be come to. Amendment and Stratoeam have started for Wagga, in Ash worth's charge, but Mr. Tait has gone by sea to Sydney ere visiting the metropolis of Northern Riverina. Stampede, having met with a slight accident, was scratched for Kensington Park Hurdle Race, at 12 o'clock en Friday. I understand that Mr. Cleeland, the well- known and respeoted owner of Wollomai, feeling aggrieved at the recent adverse decision of the VVR.C., intends retiring from the turf, and means selling all his horses, stable furniture, and stables at an early date. It is to be hoped that he may he induced to re-consider this de- ' termination, as there are few men whom the turf could so ill spare as toe straightforward, genial host of the Albion. At Melton Mowbray, in Tasmania, they had a poor meeting. True Blue (list 21b) won the Handioap Steeplechase, Monte Christo second, mid Talleyrand, who baulked, third. The Hnrdle Race was a walk-over for Happy Thought, and in the Hunt Club Steeplechase Taglioni also walked over. Lolar Mantes won the Hack Hurdle Race, Alarm securing toe Hurry Scurry. Soratchtn'GS.— Woodlands, Sandhurst Cup and Handicap ; Mount, for Steeplechase, Bal larat ; Stampede, Kensington Park Hurdle Race. 