FATHER FABIAN, Tie Honk' of llaliam Toyer. : : ; CHAPTER' XXV.— Continued.- " SISTER AUGUSTINE.' M ' .. ... 'V .... »<<Oh thank you Mam'selle-; thank you for ever and ever ! ' You're the kindest: creature 1 I always clo stand- up for you, and say you- are not what they make you out to be." " And what do they make me out to he?" asked the Frenchwoman, as she skilfully and swiftly repaired the rent. " They do say you're a Jesuit, Mam'selle. Not that I know what a Jesuit is, though I.Buppose it's something very deceitful. And always I Btand up and say you are not." "Quite right, Lucie, ma petite. Bah ! what folly these Seatondalers do talk 1 A Jesuit ! so droll ! I wish I were a Jesuit, Lucie, for the Jesuits are rich and powerful— oh, so powerful ; and then they are clever, and I am , but a poor, weak woman, with scarcely any. friends, aud only clever with my needle, and scissors, and my fingers, and: I am getting old. He las J I wish I woro what you call a Jesuit." " And T am sure I wish you were, then, Mam'selle," returned the grateful Lucy, gathering up billowey folds of muslin as she spoke. "I should like to see you rich and powerful, that I should." 1 "Thank you, Lucie, for your good wishes; hut now go your way, my child, and presently I will talk to you." Two hours later, Mam'selle had learnt all ahout the garniture of the rooms which had been so suddenly prepared. " They were for a lady ?" Oh, yes, certainly ; the toilet-table told that ; the best lace was brought out, and the best .essence- bottles, and the rooms were altogether fit for a lady, and for one who was young and beautif ul/Lucy thought. And Nancy had never so much as looked at the torn curtain ; she had only scolded her. for forgetting it when they were so busy. "And when does the lady arrive?" asked Mam'selle. "Ah, that I do not know. No one knows but Mrs. Jeliffe, and perhaps Mr. Viner." " Is there a late dinner preparing ?" " No, I am sure there is not ; there has been no late dinner this long while. Oh, Mam'selle I'll never forget how you got me out of my trouble ; I should have been sent away, I know I should, if that ill- tempered Nancy had com plained to Mrs. Jeliffe." " Well, you must be more careful in future. I shall not always be able to help you ; and re member, Lucy, it is the duty of a good domestic to be thoughtful and discreet. And, above all things my little one be quite sure always to tell the truth." Towards evening Mam'selle contrived to slip into the rooms just made ready for the mysterious guest. Yes, Lucy was right ; it was a lady, and a young lady who was ex pected. The toilet table was elegantly draped, all sorts of nick- nacks were disposed in both apartments, and the sitting room was quite a charming little boudoir. Mam'selle was very far from suspecting the truth, but she did not like the idea of a lady-visitor, who might possibly be empowered to superintend her in her capacity of gouvernante; and she had a curious sort of presentiment that in some way the advent of the unknown would affect her own position. She would not have cared so much had Father Fabian been at Malham Tower to direct her ; but to make one false step just now would be so dangerous, if not alto gether ruinous. And it was so provoking that she could not see hep way before her— her way which had presented so few difficulties hitherto. There remained but one alternative ; she must go and see Mrs. Darcy — Mrs. Darcy, who always patronised and sometimes browbeat her. And then it was not quite easy to get to Malbam Tower without being missed in the house ; she had been instructed not to visit the Tower openly, except it were on some most specious pretence which could not possibly raise any suspicion ; nor was she to visit it at all, unless for reasons of a most imperative nature. But if any sudden crisis arose, or if summoned thither, she was immediately to present herself. " I. must see Mother Bridget to-night," said Mademoiselle, as she looked across the park, on which the shadows of evening had already fallen. "Father Fabian ought to know of this arrival, and I know no more than the girl Lucy where he may be at this moment. Perhaps he is in retreat, perhaps lie is doing penance ; but that he is not at St. Gudule-le- Pont I am well assured. I hate to have to bow myself to Mother Bridget, but I suppose I have no alternative." A little later when Beatrice was fairly in bed and asleep, Mademoiselle in her garden shawl and capote presented herself at the window of Mrs. Jeliffo's room. "I am going for a little promenade, by the mere side," she said meekly and simply. "I have such a terrible head ache ! I know there is thunder in the.air. .... If Missy rings her bell, which is not at all likely, will you order one of the girls to7 answer it, please? I shall not be long away.' Ah, .Ceil! how happy you are never to have these, .dread ful heavy headaches." ; : ; V' " I have heard they are ten times.' worse than bilious headaches," replied Mi's. ..Jeliffe; good-, naturedly. She wasi always tender to any one suffering from physical causes, and Mademoiselle really did have terrible nervous headaches, doubtless of neuralgic origin, though in those days neuralgia was called tic dolour eux. And a very dolorous tic it is, as everybody who really knows it will testify. . At that moment, however, Mademoiselle was as free, from neuralgia as from dropsy or colic ; she was really very well, though worried and filled with undefined anxieties ; but she looked deplorable, and spoke in a low whisper. "Yes, you had better take a little walk ; and I would go with you only I am expecting to be wanted every minute," continued the housekeeper. " I would n .8® the mere though, if I were you ; I Would keep on the. higher ground ; there is a nice breeze on the slopes behind the house. e a glass of wine before you go ?" , yu> no ; I had some sherry and water half an hour since, and it made my head ... 1. worse, ,1 thought I would turn out for a little air, and tlien go . to my bed. I shall be, all right ih: the morning." . j ."These nervous headaches must be shock ing I" said Mrs. Jeliffe as she resumed her news paper . i "No, I can't abide Mam'selle, as no one knows better than yourself, Mr. Viner ; but I'd be 1 sorry for a cat or dog in real pain, and Mam'selle does suffer dreadfully when it comes upon her." -"She should take steel and port- wine," re plied Mr. Viner, drily. He did not feel in the least sympathetic. Meanwhile, Mam'selle having paced for a few minutes along what were called the slopes, struck off suddenly, under cover of a clump of fir-trees, into a path leading directly through a dark wood, and through a narrow ravine, or gully rather, on to the heath whieh commanded Malham Tower. It was the direct road to the Tower, but one which no one professed to uBe, as it was really nothing more than an overgrown and irregular path among tangles said to be haunted by snakes, as well as by a ghost, whom no one, save "Mr. Dam," had ever encountered. And he, taking a short cut to the Hall one night, being on urgent business,' had seen,' as he declared, a tall, white, shadowy figure like a cloud, wring ing its hands and tossing its arms about like one distraught ! And Mam'selle, in common with a good many more unscrupulous people, had a secret dread of Ghosts — lea reveiiants, as she called them ; nevertheless, she choose to take the wood-path partly that she might arrive more quickly at her destination, and ' partly to avoid the risk of meeting any of the ser vants, who might report that she had been seen on the way to Malham Tower. No ghost, however, appalled her ; she saw " nothing worse than herself," as people say ; and as for snakes, if a few glided about her feet, it was surely that the reptiles came out to greet a creatiire subtle and cold-blooded as themselves. Only an owl, brushing across her face, Btartled her as she came out of the thicket on to the higher ground above the ravine. Strange shadows from old; fantastic yews lay athwart her path, and weird shapes seemed hovering about, as she made the last few yards of- the journey on the heath, and she shuddered and felt the cold perspiration beaded on her brow. " What a fool I am !" she muttered. I've got the horrors to-night, I think. I see and hear, omens in everything around me. I feel the most terrible presentiment. Ah ; what was that?" and she caught her breath in sudden terror. It was only some wild creature wakened by her own movements ; but — but was it an animal that breathed so hard not many paces from her? and, yes, she surely heard the clanking of a chain ! That fright was soon dispelled, for the chain was round the fore feet of a donkey of straying propensities, and the creature was taking his scanty supper among the juniper bushes. And again Mam'selle ex claimed — " What a fool I am ! But I am sure something is going to happen. I feel it in the air : I hear it in the russel of the woods ; I see it written in the dim air before me, and on the grey walls of Malham Tower." It was not late, but Malham Tower looked dark as it had been years before, when no human creature dreamed of making it a habitable house. Only, as Mam'selle descended the rocky path, she could just see the dim altar light, faintly glimmering through the eastern window of the chapel— the chapel which was now fully restored, and ranked as one of the rarest gems of ecclesiastical architecture in all that country. The scholars who generally tenanted the monks' chambers over the cloisters were nearly all absent, for it was vacation time ; no dog barked, no gate banged to ; all was silent as the grave — the very place itself looked dead ; an awful shadow seemed hanging over the grey pile, as it rose solemnly among the hills, in the level beams of the fast-sinking moon. Mam'selle rang, the bell, not of the main entrance, but a little postern door, which opened into the so-called moat, and in a minute or two a shutter was slipped back, and a face appeared at the grating, but the bolts were not withdrawn. " Peace be to this house," said Mam'selle. "And to all who dwell therein," replied the person on. the other side. And then the door was opened, and Mam'selle found herself at last safe within Btone walls. "What brings you here, Sister Augustine!" said Mother Bridget,, alias Mrs. Darcy, in a severe, abbess-like tone. Sister Augustine would have rejoiced could she have answered insolently; but, alas! she was sworn to obey Mother Bridget. She explained as briefly as possible, dwelling particularly on the unex pected arrival. " And you don't know who .she is, nor when she is to be looked for ?" asked Mother Bridget in scorn. " Sister Augustine you are not worth your salt ! What is. the use of your assuming a responsible post, if you neglect your simplest duties ? What are you placed at Seaton Hall for, may I ask?" . "For the guidance and indoctrination ' of Mdlle. Beatrice." replied Sister Augustine, meekly. " And also that nothing may take place— \- nothing , I sayj, no matter how sesmingly un important—of which you shall not be cognisant,, .and of -which your superiors shall not be duly informed." " . I have done my best," was the sister's, humblo rejoinder ; but she could Have ground ber.'j, teeth . with., suppressed indignation. They do not trust me as once they did." "If .you bungle, you cannot expect to be trusted." ... ' Mother Bridget," said Mam'selle Annette, quietly, "I ceme here to seek counsel, and, in Father Fabian's absence direction. It will not help the difficulty that you only rate me, as if I were a heedless child. And I feel — 1 scarcely know why — that this matter is really serious." Apparently Mother Bridget felt the reason ableness of this remark, for she altered her tone, and condescended to treat Sister Augustine with outward civility. " Have some supper," she said ; "I was just going to begin when you rang the signal-bell." " With all my heart," responded Sister Augustine. "I was so put out that I really could not enjoy my dinner. What have you got ? Ah ! one of your most charming little i. plats, I see, and a mayonnaise. / What wine? , Burgundy, I think ; it will suit me to-night better than Bordeaux or even LaJUte." " And, having . eaten and drunken, Mother Bridget recovered her temper, and condescended to listen graciously to Sister. Augustine, who opened her heart, and disclosed all her secret misgivings. Mother Bridget felt herself placed in a difficult position. It was not easy to judge of affairs so represented, and these ex cellent confederates were terribly afraid of taking a step, in the wrong direction. Things had gone so smoothly all these years, and now there were undoubted symptoms of a change. They talked and talked with much earnestness and many significant gestures, without arriving at any satisfactory conclusions. But they agreed that Father Fabian must be com municated with . immediately, and that his return was greatly to be desired. "I'll write half a dozen, letters .to-morrow," said Mother Bridget, and Bend them by a sure hand to the Lunechester post. One of the lot will surely find him, and a word will bring him back on the wings of the wind." "You will-not write in English, nor yet in French ?" Mother Bridget looked with contempt on Sister Augustine. "Do you take me for an idiot ?" she inquired, tartly. English and French, indeed ! No, no, not I! I never run risks, Sister Augustine ! My correspondence with the holy fathers is always in cipher. Now you had better go back, or there will be a hue and cry after you. You have taken a long walk — of course, it has cured your headache." Strange to say, Mam'selle had not been thought of. She invariably Bupped in her own sitting-room, and the maid who waited upon her had not reported her absence. As Mam'selle, like a cat, crossed as stealthily as possible the corridors and landings which she had to traverse, she came upon a heap of luggage — three trunks and a bonnet-case which were all' addressed as the property of " Miss Arm strong, Seaton Hall." " So, then, she's come !" said Mam'selle upder her breath. "Well, Miss Armstrong,. I . mean to know all about you before this, time to-morrow." , , CHAPTER XXVI. 5 EXIT MADEMOISELLE ANNETTE. ".Talk not of' beasts of prey, of .colliiiir snake,' ' " That lurk in beds of flowers and tangled broke : ' The deadliest enemy of man is man." ' 1 Though the mills of God grind slowly, yet tlioy grind exceeding small ; Though with patience Ho stands waiting, with exact ness grinds He all." '! The General was delighted with Edith. Though only the wreck of what he had been, he was able how to sit up and see his friends in the oak parlour. He received her with effusion, and earnestly trusted she would be able to make herself happy at Seatou Hall, aud promised that nothing should be neglected which could in any way conduce to her comfort ; as to remuneration, that was anything she pleased, provided that she could win Beatrice's affections, and bring her up as it be came the heiress of Seatondale to be brought up— an educated Christian gentlewoman and a thorough Protestant ! But the General, like many more men of his stamp, was a coward as regarded women to whom it was necessary to show himself antag onistic. Weak and shaken as he was, ho would rather have gone to the front of battle than face Mademoiselle Annette in the first moments of her anger and dismay ; that he should himself dismiss her was happily out of the question, for his state of health forbade any sort of exertion ; nor had he ever been in the habit — much to Mademoiselle's annoyance — of communicating with her personally. Messages and requests— which were, indeed, veiled commands — had always come to her through the medium of Mrs. Jeliffe, or. occasionally through Mrs. Clifford, whom she hated venemously. The question was at this moment which of them should be deputed to give the gouvcrnantd her congL Mrs. Clifford begged that the unwelcome task might devolve on Mrs. Jeliffe, while the housekeeper prayed the lady to undertake the duty. " But," urged Mrs. Clifford, " It would be interfering with your province, Mrs. Jeliffe— it is your place to engage and dismiss the servants,, and I suppose we may class Made moiselle as one of the upper servants ?" " Indeed, ma'am, but you may not," replied Mrs. Jeliffe. "That is to say, she does not count herself as such, nor has she ever been amenable to my authority, nor ackowledge me as mistress. Besides, I did not engage her ; I had nothing to do with her coming here, and therefore I would rather not send her away. .Indeed, madam, it would only complicate affairs ; I feel almost sure she will not accept dismissal from me -she will appeal to the higher authority. She will insist on seeing the General." " Which, of course, cannot be permitted. Well, Mrs. Jeliffe, I will do my best. I only wish the house had been cleared of her before Miss Armstrong appeared. I am afraid ; she will give us some trouble. This conversation took place on the evening of Edith's arrival, while Mademoiselle was figuring as Sister Augustine at Malham Tower, It was clear, being already late, that nothing could be done that night, and Mademoiselle was supposed to have already retired. It struck both Mrs. Jeliffe and Mrs. Clifford that it would he wise to keep her till the last moment in perfect ignorance of her own deposal, lest she should choose to play the part of invalid, and quarter herself up on them for many days to come. "And that won't do at all," said the house keeper ; for if she stopped under any pretence I should have no peace of , my life, feering she might do Miss Armstrong a mischief. 1 am not sure that she would stick at anything short of jeopardising her own precious neek." Mrs. Clifford had felt the same distrust of the Frenchwoman, though she had not hinted it to any one. She heartily wished now that she had insisted on Mademoiselle's departure before Edith appeared upon the scene. She resolved to loose no time next day in discharging herself of the trust committed to her. " Give her a year's salary in advance," said the General, handing over to Mrs. Clifford a 1 case of bank-notes ; " pay what Is due to the utmost :farthing; atld 'the twelve month's wages ; over and above. ' She shall not have to com plain that an Englishman, has treated her : Bhabbily." "And what am I to say when Bhe demands an explanation ? She will insist on knowing why she is thus summarily dismissed." "Tell her what is the truth; that it is high time Miss Seaton's education waB entrusted to a gentlewoman, and that I prefer the change to be a sudden one. You may tell her, too, — I ' don't see why you shouldn't, — that I do not approve of her Romish practices, and that I have grave suspicions of her being under my roof in a false character !" Meanwhile, Mademoiselle had risen as usual, and breakfasted with Beatrice, who, child-like, was full of curiosity respecting the lady -visitor of whose advent she was naturally unapprised. "I wonder when I shall Bee her !" she ex- ' claimed. "Mademoiselle, I had better have one of my pretty frocks on ; I don't like this ' ugly dark gingham !" " Oh, fie ! Mademoiselle Beatrice. Young ladies should not be vain ; they should not . think too much about their toilette. Your - dress is quite convenable, and I shall not alter . it." ' Beatrice pouted and argued, but she would not have had her way, only that a sudden thought struck Mademoiselle. It was bad policy to be at issues with the child, if there was any : prospect of the intervention of a superior power between herself and her charge. That someone . vested with a certain authority should be placed over her, she thought not impossible, but that her services would no longer be required had not occurred to her. Presently came one of the maids with orders that Miss Beatrice should immediately go to her papa. Her dress was rapidly changed, and she ran off, exclaiming— " Perhaps papa will give me a holiday to-day, because of the lady ; and perhaps I may invite Phemie aud Jeannie Clifford. I'll come back and tell you, Mademoiselle. " A few minutes later and Mrs. Clifford tapped at the door. Mrs. Jeliffe held herself in reserve to interpose with forces, if required. A very few words explained to the gouvernante why she was visited so early. For a moment she was fairly ,dumb with consternation ; then she rallied: "But, Madame, it is inconceivable ; and I have done so much for la petite Mademoiselle ! Ah, I know ! it is that I' have some secret enemy — some base one has slandered me to the noble General, Oh, cruel — cruel and perfidious !" "I can reassure you on that point," replied Mrs. Clifford. " It was the General's own idea, his own proposition, that an educated and ac complished lady should at once undertake the education of his daughter. He feels that this change — for the child's sake — ought to have been made a year ago. It is of the utmost importance that she be early trained in all thoBe habits and graces which befit her station and her position as a wealthy heiress." "And is it, then, that' I have allowed Madem oiselle to acquire vulgar habits, or that I have neglected to instil into her the maxims of gentility?" asked' the gouvernante, in rising anger. "We are quite satisfied that in all thesis particulars you have done your best," returned Mrs. Clifford ; " hut you must feel that it is quite time Miss. Seaton had a regular governess, and the General prefers an Englishwoman ; and furthermore, he instructed me to say that he is displeased with the religious teaching you have imparted. He does not think you arc a sound Protestant ; and that a Romish bias should be given to his daughter's principles is the last thing he could tolerate. He wills, therefore, that the connection between' you and his family should abruptly cease. That he is behaving most honourably, this . pocket-hook and its contents will testify." "Perish the monev !" exclaimed Madem oiselle, furiously. "No, I will not be bought off ; I will not' be betrayed for filthy lucre. I will not touch the money that is to pay me for the loss of my darling little lady. ! Take back the pocket-hook, Madame Clifford ; I will none of its contents. Pay me what is my due, and I will go— yes, I will go, because I cannot help it, because 1 am thrust out of the house in which for five years I have done my devoir — ah 1 and far more than my devoir! As for, my religion, I am not what is called a Methodist — a canting Methodist. I am very High Church — a ..true Anglican ; and I am as good a Protestant as Mr. Fabian is !" Mrs. Clifford thought that was quite possible, but she was not going into that question with Mademoiselle Annette. She again pressed the money on her, and at last induced her to receive it. As she handed Mrs. Clifford the formal receipt which the General always exacted, she Baid, "And when is it that I must depart? How soon must I prepare ?" " The General wishes you to leave to-day. The upper housemaid will help you to pack, and the carriage will be in readiness to take you to Farleton station at any hour you may appoint. It is. better both for Miss Seaton and for your self that there should be no prolonged leave- taking." Go away this very day, like a thief, like a vile person ! I cannot and I will not go thus, ! -I , could not pack all my little properties so quickly, and the laundress, too, has many tilings of mine." v " The laundress had orders three hours ago about your clothes. They will be here directly, and should you leave any trifle behind you, be quite sure that it will be safely forwarded to whatever address you please." " I tell you I ivill not go ! I will not be put out like one'wlio has wrought evil ! I will see M. 'le Gdndral myself!" And Mademoiselle rushed to the door. " That you ; will not !" said Mrs. Jeliffe, coming to the rescue ! for the woman's resolute manner had rather daunted Mrs. Clifford. " That you will not, Mam'selle. The General is not sufficiently recovered to bear excitement. I would not answer for the consequences if you forced yourself upon him — -not that there is any chance of your doing so, for Mr. Viner and Mr. Antony, 'the General's own servant, are both in attendance, and, if need were, you should, be locked up in your own rooms till y.'.u were : ready to depart under proper escort." T A | ( To he continued. ) 