Cjjt Wallatoo Chms. i WAliIiABOO; SATURDAY, JULY 28, 1877 "We have now received coppor reports and prices currant dating from the 1st April, and extending to the 8th June. The telegraph has apprised us already of the depressed state pf the market daring these months, and the reports confirm the the intelligence thus received. : As will be seen from the dates given further on stocks have been ample, and the supply is still, good, but the supsense as to the issue of affairs in the East * continued to liave a depressing effect on the market. And from the reports we find that the ou t break of war between Russia and Turkey had. still further unsettled trace, .it-being a question whether other nations might not be drawn in. We are-now able to perceive the practical. operation of the war, in Europe on the copper market, and the recent telegraphic intelligence as to . the state o faffairs between the belligerents precludes ail "hope of any material or per manent improvement for some time to come. The uncertainty,' and the" low price of copper makes holders keep, back their stocks, and although, as the Mining Journal points out, in an exceUenfrarticle ■which we reproduce in another column, holders have thoroughly tested the market already and failed to obtain an advance* it is evident that nothing but a re-establishment of peace, and a more settled state of affairs, will re- establish .confidence, and, as we have already as serted, this state of affairs is confirmed ' by passed experience. During the late war between Germany and 3?raiice, cop per, was g,t a very low ebb, but no sooner tad a settlement been arrived at, than the, price went up to the sum of £112. And during that war, there were no ap prehensions of other than the belligerent nations becoming involved, and the issue was thus considerably narrowed. Whilst therefore we cannot expect the copper market to be one whit better under the present complication than during that period, it is evident that we may look forward to the future with hope fulnes.s The issue is not very far at end. Day after day the tele graphic now pours in records of the advance of the Russians, and before many weeks are over our head, all Vexed questions now prevailing will be settled, And then, as before, a reaction will take place in the market, although whether, as the Mxnin^Jburjud states, the supplies will have accumulated to so great an extent as to mar this advantage it is difficult to decide. The stocks are cer tainly large at present. From Messrs Vivian Youuger and Bonds circular we note a large and serious falling off in the exportatidns to India and the Eastern markets, but this is not accounted for. The transactions reported are as follows. During the fortnight ending April 14, sales are reported of 2094 tons of bars at from £70 to £73 5s per ton, according to brand and pronpt, whilst at the Swan sea ticketing on the 3rd April 1997 tons of British and foreign ores realised 13s ll3.?d per unit for an average produce of 13 9-16ths per cent. During the fort night ending; April 30, Messrs Henry Bath and Sons report transactions in Bars at from £68 10s to £71 per ton, according to brand and prompt: also two cargoes of ore and regains, on the spot, at 13s 9& per unit for ore, and 14s per unit for the regulus, and two cargoes of ■ore to arrive at 13s 9d and 14s per unit, M the Swansea ticketing of the 24th .April, 2731 tons of British and Foreign •ores realized 13s 673d per unit for an pverage produce pfSQ JL346th per cent. On the 4th May the West coast charters for the last half of April was equal to 2600 tons of fine copper, 2300 tons being for England, and the remainder for the Continent. During the first fortnight in May transactions took place in Bars at from £€8 5s to £70 per ton, but dur ing the close of the fortnight the market became quieter, and Bars averaged £69. At the Swansea ticketing of the Sth May, 1292 tons of British and Foreign ores realized 13s 4*d per unit, for an average produce of 15f per cent. The early part of tlie month of June pre sented no new feature in tho metal trade, the same dullness prevailing in nearly every branch, and as a consequence dragging markets, and easier prices re sulted. At the Swansea ticketing of the 22nd May, 1317 tons of British and Foreign ores 19 J per cent average pro-1 duce realised 13s 6d per unit, and at the ticketing of the 5th June 1080 British aud Foreign ores, 13 5-16ths average pro I duce per cent soid at 13s 4d per unit. I No sales of Australia copper have taken place since the 17th April, when some 386 tons of cakes and 20 tons of ingots were disposed of. The circulars curiously omit the results, but from the telegram received "on the following day, we gather the prices to have been £77 for Wallaroo and £74 10s for Burra. No further an nouncement of sales of Australian were made before the departure of the mail, and stocks were still accumulating. The stock of Chili Bars, ores and regulus in stock at, and afloat for Liverpool, Swan sea, and Havre, and' cf English and Foreign copper in London, on the 1st 'June, is estimated in fine copper at 33,977 tons, as against 29,491 tons on the 1st June, 1876, and 28,348 tons on the 1st June, 1875. On.the 14th April Wallarpo was quoted at from £77 to £77 10s, aud Burra at from £76 to £76 10s, which prices fell towards the end of April, at the outbreak of war be tween Bussia aud Turkey, to from £75 10s to £76 10s for Wallaroo, and £74 10s to £75 for Burra. Since that the market has not recovered, and our latest adyices consequently close with this record of a very depressed market, and dragging trade.. ■A. somewhat.redicuious episode occurred in rbe House of Assembly on Tuesday last. Mr G-lyde, whose bilious temperament apparently needs a vent in acrimonious language, ap : plied the word impertinent to a remark made by the Attorney General- This offensive epithet was very properly ruled out of order by the "Speaker, whereupon a jacktin-the-box discussion arose. Member after member jumped up to interrupt each another with valuable suggestions. Mr Colton moved that the expression be taken down, and Mr Boucaut with professional astuteness suggested that the word had been used in its proper, but unusual sense of non-pertinent to the question at issue. And as no riot-could be complete without the intervention of a Paddy, Mr Goglin hurled himself into the breach with a suggestion that the matter should be settled out of doors. The meaning of the expression was defined in a varity of ways, each and every of which would have done credit to the advocate of the veriest six and eightpenny cause in a country Court. The discussion waged warm and lasted long. Eventually it was settled after the most ap proved Fickwickianfashion. In deference to Sthe peakers ruling, and with a sincere wish to avoid any disrespect to the Speaker, Mr G-lyde withdrew the word, being encouraged in this graceful action by opposition cheers, and the business of the country pioceeded. The second reading of the " Education Part Lands Bill," to dedicate a portion, of the Park lands at Kadina, to provide school accommodation, took placejin the Assembly on Tuesday last. It was opposed by Mr Gavenagh on the ground that the people were only trustees for future generations, and it was not sufficient that they were willing to consent to the alienation. Other members objected to the innovation which might possibly be construed as a precedent, but did not oppose the Bill. It was shown that the site thus provided for was the only one available, and that the residents were willing that this portion of the Park Lands should be thus dedicated, and despite the .opposition of Messrs Cavenagh, Hardy, and Kay, the secojjd reading of the Bill was passed. Mr Cavensgh's objection is certainly a narrow-minded one, and subversive of ordin ary principles of the progressive intelli gence of succeeding generations. When Mr Cavenagh wag. informed that there was no other site suitable for the purpose, or in other words, that unless the BiU passed, no school accommodation would be available for the present or the future generations, it is sur prising that he should have made such au ob jection. The Park Lands in connection with Peninsula tpwns are not so valuable perhaps as to render it particularly undesirable that a tiny slice of them should be devoted to so good a purpose. And assuming them to be as heatbful and charming resorts aa the EHysian Fields, jt is still questionable whether future generations would not desire % greater benefit from a little education than they could even obtain from the great advantages offered by the Park Lands. It is purious to notice bow narrow minded men will pe casionalJy strain a.t gnats to hinder a really useful work. The Papa arrived at Port Adelaide on Wednes day, July 25, from Hamburg, Laving ou bpard 253 German imoaigrants. During the voyage everything possible has been done to keep the people in good liealth. and spirits, and Dr. Feize, the Surgeon Superintendent, lias accomplished the duty well, This is his second voyage, he having arrived here on a similar errand a few months back. There are bat twelve single women pn board and fifty single men. The immigrants have arrived in good health, and with the excep tion of two deaths amongst the children nothing has happened to mar the pleasantness of the voy age. As will be seen by advertisement a meeting will be held in the Institute Ha.il to-night (Saturday) July 28, to advocate the cause of temperancc. Mr Inspector Saundbrs has been on the Penin sula during the past week, making his usual round of Inspection. He left for Adelaide this morn-, ing. It is announced by the contractors Messrs Wells Bros., that the Tipara Beef Lighthouse will be oompleted on August 1. The light will bo exhibited for the first time on tire night of Aug. 20, when the members of the Marine Board will probably procced to tho llecf in the G-overnor Musgrave. The Melbourne correspondent of the Mary borough Advertiser mentions that experiments are now being made with the telephone in Mel bourne. It is probable that before long the re sults will be disclosed, and some public demons trations of tbe uses of this wonderful contrivance will be made. On Tuesday last, in the House of Assembly, the Commissioner of Public Wox*ts stated, in re ply to Mr Mann, that he believed the promised extension of the survey of the Port Broughton Railway to Koolunga was in progress. The anniversary services, in connection with the Cross Roads Bible Christian Church, were held on Sunday last, July 22, when Rev. R. Kelly preached to crowded congregations at each ser vice. On Monday, July 23, the usual tea was given in. the Church, in. the afternoon, to which ample justice was done, the tables having been repeatedly filled. In the evening a public meeting was held in the same building, which was presided over by S. Rossiter, Esq., (Mayor of Moonta). The Revs. R. Kelly, O. Lake, and Jas. Rowe delivered earnest aud impressive addresses, urging upon the people the necessity for additional prayer, faith and zeal in the work. The Secretary read his report, which'shewed, notwithstanding the present depressed times, a balance of nearly £60 after all expenses were paid for the year, which amount was to go towards liquidating the debt on the Church. The Choir, at each service, ren dered some excellent mnsic under the able leader ship of Mr Thomas Jolten. The usual votes of. thanks to the ladies, the Choir, and the Chairman' brought a pleasant meeting and successful anni-! Yersary to a close. 1 ' On Tuesday evening the Kev. B. Kelley de livered a lecture ou " Uncle Johnson," at the Bible Christian Church, Moonta Mines. This image of G-od in ebony, a negro in America, from the length of his days, the nature of his conver sion, the saintly character of his life and ex periences, the wit that sparkled in his speech, seemed altogether an extraordinary man, and the lecturer made him the subject of a very use ful and entertaining address. The Rev O'Lake read two of Will Carleton's farm ballads, " Betsy and I are out," and " Q-one off with a handsomer man." These brought down the house in most uproarious style. Some pleasing selections of muBic were given, and a good collection was takeif up. The Bev. Jas Jbowe presided. jL It was rumoured on Tuesday last, in Moonti, that a human skull had been discovered concealed nsar Hall's shaft, Moonta Mines, and suspicion of foul play were rife. Sergeant O'Callag" ceeded to the spot, "and found a skull^r however, bleached by the sun, and evidently very old, having lately been unearthed. The Sergeant pronounced it to be the skall of a blackfellow, which opinion was subsequdntly confirmed by Dr Todman. A very sad accident occurred at the Cross Roads, Moonta, on Tuesday July 24. A young child, barely two years old, the son of Mr A. Preston of Cross Boads, strayed out of his father's house, and fell into a tank near the house. He had hardly been gone a quarter of an hour when his mother missed him, and went in search of him. Iiife was quite extinct when the the poor child's body was taken out. The tank had only about a foot and a half of water in some parts of it, and a good deal of mud. It was uncovered and unprotected, but it was explained that the excavation was not finished, and Mr Preston was waiting for the water which had got into it to dry up before proceeding with the work. This dis tressing occurrence will, we trust, act as a warning to all who hare such tanks/to fence them in and cover them. At the meeting of the City Council on Mon day a letter was read from Mr Clark, the Eng lish engineer at present advising the Government of New South Wales on large public works, stating, with reference to an enquiry by the Council, -that it would be better that he should visit Adelaide to report on the proposed scheme for the drainage of the city, and that his terms would be £125 per week and the payment of all expenses incurred—the same terms as the New South Wales Government were paying him. Nothing was done with regard to the communica tion. Mr Woods, (says the Australasian) in a rough but expressive manner, informed a gentleman on Tuesday of the present chances of any candidate for employment in the Railway department. One of the members of a deputation at the close of the interview handed the Minisier, in a rather con fidential fashion, a large official letter. In reply to Mr Woods, the gentleman said the letter was an application for employment by one of his friends. " Oh!" said Mr Woods, most affably, " just give it to the secretary"—who was standing beside him, "Mr Labertouche will put it in the (the Minister was evidently going to sav " waste paper basket," but stopped himself in time, and substituted) box with the rest. There are only about 4,000 applications for employment in the department now," he added cheerfully, "and yours will make the 4,000 and first. And the most curious thing is that every one of them is to be considered first. There are applications for positions from that of engineer- in-chief down to billet# for as many old women as you could shake a stick at as gatekeepers. Oh! give your letter to Mr Labertouche/' The gentleman did so, but he did not appear to have much hope as to his friend's chance. Alluding to the payment of members of Par-. liament the Melbourne Daily Telegraph, remarks —4 There is every probability that the country will be defrauded out of the £30,000 required to pay members of Parliament for their year's ser vices. ~W& use the term defrauded, because it is the proper opfi to Apply to a transaction which will appropriate snch p. Jarge amount of the re venue to a purpose which the great majority of the public diseaprove of. The question was eo successfully burked during the iate elections, that it is possible a majority of the members returned to the Assembly are in favour of paying them selves for their legislature labours, but if this is the case, it is very certain that on this point they do not represent the country. The apology for passing the measure—that of giving the system a trial—cannot be repeated, as it has been, tried and has proved a signal failure. No popular measure has ever got into the statute book con cerning which there has been such a revulsion, of feeling, solely iu consequence of the lamentable deterioration of the House of Assembly since scrambles for the £300 per anuuai commenced. The Wallaroo "ghost" has turned up again. The other night some inmates of the Hospital saw it, or thought they did and one lady fainted) whilst another was on the eve of doing so when assistance arrived. It appears that the '■ ghost" ; was really the flashing of a light from one of the out offices attached to the Hospital. A grand entertainment was given, in the Moonta Institute, in aid of that Institution, on Wednesday evening July 25, by the members of the Moonta Choral Society, and some gentlemen amateurs. The rendering of a varied and inter esting programme was on tlio whole, very success ful, although we should recommend that the Committee, on another occasion, see that the piano is in thorough tune before the entertain ment takes place. Its not being in tone marred tbe harmony to some extent, especially in the ■ solos. We'do not wish to particularize the per- | formers but we cannot refrain from noticing the accomplished playing of Miss Bennett, the pianist of the Choral Society. The " Gipsy Chorus, from. Preciosa" and " Come, Bounteous May," were rendered with a precision and taste which speaks volumes for the conductor of the Choral Society, (Mr G. C- Smith.) The audience were also largely indebted to Mr Smith who has been, not inappropriately, styled the " Queen of Songas well as to Mr C. A. Moody, for his excellent rendering of the fine National Song," The Death of Kelson." The reception given to this song shews the strong appreciation in which it is held. The recitations- given were all well received, and that giyen by Dr Baly re demanded. The attendance was not so good as on former occasions, when the Moonta Choral Society give a performance, but no doubt this re sulted from the present general depresssion in trade. A miner named W. Bennett, resident of Long Gullv (the JBendigo Advertiser states) had a most providential escape from a horrible death on Friday, Jnly 13. He was employed at the 970 feet level in the Windmill Hill Company's shaft, when by some mischance, some dymanite explo ded, and drove him to the shaft, where, instead of falling down the shaft about sixty feet deep,'he was thrown against a windless standing there, where he hung suspended by one leg. He was rescued from his highly dang^rouB position as speedily as possible and taken to the surface. Pr._ Penford was sent for, and he was found to jbaye eustained a considerable number of contu ^fiiojajS^Hut none of a dangerous character. ' . Thefsecond leading of the Education Park j8^pdg^^w^moved by the Minister of Agricul ture^ aim ~ Education on Tuesday. The hon. ^gggtleman explained that its object was to allow a site on the park lands of JKadina to bf used for i tbe erection of a school.. It was absolutely im possible io obtain a-suitable block of land else where, and the local Corporation and the Board , of Advice had given their full assent to the appro priation. Mr Cavenajk expressed his intention of Toting against the measure on the ground that it was objectionable to alienate park lands on any pretence whatever, as although the present resi i dents of towns might not object to their partial appropriation they were only trustees for their | descendants. Mr Dancan expressed his belief that the park lands had not been dedicated when I the land in the town was sold, bat he was not | able to give any definite information upon the point. After a short discussion Mr "Ward pro l mised to enquire into the matter before the third reading, and the second reading was then carried by a majority of 21, the only members voting against the Bill being Messrs Cavenagh, Kay, and Hardy. The Bill was read a third and passed on I Thursday, July 26. Atticus, in the Argus eaya. an official com munication had to be sent this week from a Go vernment department to a member of the pre sent legislature. The clerk who had charge of the letter did not know the honorable gentleman's address, and asked a brother officer if he thought Temple-court would find him ? "I don't know about that," was the reply; " but you're bound to be right if you send it to the. Divorce Court." The clerk took the answer in perfect good faith, and the next day a postman was hunting about oyer the town looking for the Divoice Court in order that he might deliver a letter to a member of Parliament. The Advertiser quotes the following extracts from a report of Captain John Warren on the Balade Mine in New Caledonia, where over thirty miners from the Peninsula proceeded recently by the Ardencraig. Twelve men are working Btop.es worth 10 to 12 tons of 19 per cent, ore per fathom. In another place the lode was over 12 feet wide of nearly solid ore, and yielding fully 20 tons of 19 per cent, ore per fathom. Captain Warren says—" The expectations expressed jn my last re port regarding the 10-fathom level driving south east on the perpendicular lode have been fully realised, as it is now in the heart of the tunnel shoot of ore, and opeuing up about 15 fathoms of backs that will yield enormously." Three or four other places are mentioned as being worked, and producing 10 tons of ore per fathom, .and most of the workings are only 15 fathoms from the surface. " The extension in depth will necessitate the employment of a much larger number of men, as the engine and new whim shafts will both require sinking below the 20 fathom level immediately, together with several winzes and other work to enable us to carrv on other works on the vast scale which the present prospects justify." It is intended to put on about 100 more meu immediately, including those who went by the Ardencraig, and others who have beea engaged. The following pitious appeal of the Mary borough Chronicle shows that our Local Corporate body is not alone afflicted by the " goat nuisance" It contains an ingenious suggestion. " Will none of our aldermen have pity-on the sufferings of such of their fellow townsmen as are worried oat of tbeir lives by goats; the kiddiug season is draw ing to a cloee; and the capricorn. brigade, despite all the an p. tli emus of distracted flower gardens and the slaughter effected at two rare intervals by Mr Simpsons gun, how numbers quite treble its effective strength of 3 months back. If the process of multiplication goes on unchequed for a year louger, the biped population will have to clear out bag and baggage, and leare the goats to pay the rates. Where is the Curtius to fill up tliia abyss of devastation, by tabling a motion for a progressive tax, such as lias had the effect of almost stamping out the goat-pest at Mackay. Five shilling per annum for the first goat, fifteen fot two, thirty-fire for three, and so on xccelerando, with each addition to the owner's herd, should, if rigidly exacted, prove a very comfortable addition to the Municipal revenue. The Bunyip states that "the Mount G-awler gold-field, distant about four* miles from the Lady Alice Mine, pi onuses to be permanent, and upwards of 50 diggers are now unearthing some rich deposits of gold. We were shown yester day 4| ounces taken within two feet of the surface. The deepest hole yet sunk is about IS feet. On Cementhill there is scarcely any digging required. The stuff is put into*bags and rolled into the creek, where there is plenty Of water; it is then washed, and some very nice nuggets are got out. It is the opinion of old diggers that on the plain there will be gold found by sinking, and that the district will shortly prove another Ballarat." The " Anglo Australian" in the European Mail, writing about the Derby says :—" Once on the course, you have only to give a shrill" cooey " to have it answered by some " chum " or the other who has been in the bush. The experiment was tried on the last Derby day, when in less than ten minutes some dozen Australians were got together —several of them having come home in the iSomersetshire." From a gentleman who is in receipt of late intelligence from Sydney, the Peak Downs Telegram is informed that a new company or firm has made arrangements for the purchase of the Peak Downs Copper Mine ; the information seemB very meagre but, if it be true, a very long time cannot elapse before all the facts are pub licly known. " Dr. George Johnson, says the European Mail, has reported another case of poisoning by homoe patbic camphor, the notes of which were fur nished by Mr Gl-rubb, of Warminister. A young gentleman, aged 8, wishing to cure a cold, took on sugar in the course of six hours seven doses of homeopathic camphor, each dose containing three drops. Within five minutes after taking the last dose, without the slightest warning, he had a severe epileptic fit, which lasted more than a quarter of an hour. Since the attack he had been feeling " queer," and at the time of Mr G-rubb's report, a month after the accident, he had not fully recovered." Cases euch as the above cannot be made too widely known. The use of camphor for the cure of cold is rapidly ex tending, and the people who use it have not the slightest idea that they are playing with a poison. 