Musie and the Drama. ïhe foot« not otherwise Chan here set down. SHEBIDAÎT KJCOWXBS. THE concert announced by Mr Levy, to be for the " benefit" of the charitable institutions of Sydney, waa attempted in the Domain on Monday evening Mr Levy and the military band were there, a great many people were there, and unfortunately the rain waa there too. Mr. Levy, after favouring the assembly with one or two of his beautiful solos, asked to be excused, and was excused accordingly, although to the evident disappointment of many ot the stampeders, who would willingly have been damped to have heard that cornet once again. At the Theatre Royal Mr. F. M. Bates appeared as Hamlet, in which character, however, it is impossible to concede him praise. Reasons for this are as " plentiful as blackberries," but for the present I'll leave the point "unbated," lest by Hamlet it might be considered "envenomed too." Mrs. F. M. Bates enaots Ophelia with considerable effect, more especially in the later searles of the play. As the Ghost, Mr. J. H. Rainford'a mind strove tor mastery over the matter, but did not obtain it. The part of Osrio was played by Miss Emma Bogers, and was one of the few minor parts efficiently presented. "Macbeth,' with the music included, was per formed on Thursday night, and Mr G. D. Chaplin repeated the character of " Macbeth," with increased success. I have previously bad occasion to speak highly of this gentleman's performance of this character, and in the dagger soliloquy, and the scene with his wife after the murder, he played with intense effect, Mr Chaplin has the correct conception of these two difficult scenes, and does not shout to all the house his diabolical intentions and their consequences, but acts and speaks as though afraid " almost to know himself." The words, though whispered, are distinctly I heard, a vooal advantage in which Mr. Chaplin may re- j joice greatly. Mrs. F. M. Bates played Lady Macbeth with an earnestness which betokened great study, and although not fully equal to the fiend-like embodiment of the wicked queen, she succeeded in making a very favourable impression upon the audience. The music, which was " put through" with an altogetherishness to which I waB previously unacquainted, and consequently unprepared, was sung with commendable care and tolerable correctness, although in the matter of time, the pace at which the " Night ravens diemal voice" was taken was a mistake. The tragedy was played throughout very creditably and Mr. James Booty seems determined the theatre shall lose none of its prestige in the way ia which plays are put upon the stage during the absenoe of Mr. Samuel Lazar. On Friday Mrs. F. M. Bates took her benefit, when the comedy of " School " was admirably performed, Mrs. Bates, Miss Mary Young, Miss Maggie Oliver, and Miss Melville distinguishing themselves particularly among the girls ; while Mr. F. M. Bates, Mr. J. J Welsh, Mr. J. G. Joyce, did the samo for them selves among the old boys concerned in th's witty, spark ling comedy. On Saturday last an Irish drama was per formed, and repeated on Monday, but not to good houses. On Tuesday " Money and Misery " was pro duced, in whioh Mr. G. D, Chaplin and Miss Mary Young sustain the principal characters very success fully. Mr. Dampier continues to "draw" large audiences to the Victoria Theatre, and on Saturday last gave further proof of IUB versatility and talent by assuming the part of MyleB na Ooppaleen in the " Colleen Bawn." In this part, although playing it with the intelligence and artistic " nature," whioh identify the actor with the part he plays, he does not realise to the full, the rich round brogue of the tongue so famous for blarney, and retains a certain hardness of manner in the performance of Myles, which is not so noticeable in other Damperiau impersonations. Miss Annie Fixley may be congratu lated as being a most bewitching" Colleen Bawn, and deserves great praise for her very oareful performance of the part. Her bye-play and attitudes were remarkably effective, her binging of the Oruiekeen Lawn applauded to the echo, and Miss Pixley may yet become as popular in melodrama as in burlesque. Misa Myra Kern bio was very successful in the patt of the mother of Myles, her edition of the Oruiskeen Lawn being amusingly and naturally sung as an old woman. Mr. B. N. Jones played Danny Mann with an evident intention to realise to the full the part of this faithful wicked servant As Ann Chute, Miss Bowring gave a Diena Vernon-like representation of the character, and was frequently applauded for her outspoken sentiments to Hardress Grogan, -who, ia the person of Mr. Fulford, waB very tolerably played throughout. The now celebrated scenes "went" with their accustomed success, and applause of the loudest description followed the descent ot the curtain at each act. " The Duke'« Motto," with Mr- Dampier in three characters, was produced, with immense success on Monday night and attracted a very large audience, who received the drama with une quivocal marks of satisfaction. The principal parts were entrusted to Miss Adelaide Bowring, Miss Annie Pixley, Miss Lena Edwin, Messrs. Dampier, J. J. Bartlett, Bland Holt, B. N. Jones, Fulford, Jordan, Seagrave, and Tolano. At tho Queen's Theatre on St. Patrick's night, "Handy Andy" waa performed, with Mr. William Andrews in the principal character. The attendance, considering the weather and more melancholy surroundings, was not so large as it would otherwise have been. Mr. Andrews, as Handy Andy, was received with great applause, and performed the character with that racy humour which has made his appearance always welcome and his per formance always popular. Miss Nelly Montague waa aleo received with great applause, and won an encore for her singing of "Erin, my country." At the Guild Hall, in Oastlereagh-street, the Her cules Dramatic Society gave a complimentary enter tainment, and, of course, the " compliments " crowded the large room to excess ; and it waa well that, owing to the scandalous conduct of some person or persons unknown wbo turned out the entire gas duririg the performance of the last act of the drama, no accident or loss of life was the consequence. A great many ladies were much frightened and left the entertain ment with more speed than grace, but fortunately nothing more serious followed. Mr. Cohen made a short speech, when the hall was re- illumined, in which he emphatically said with a slight lisp, that the *' das tardly coward ought to b« spat upon." The amateurs I went through Jerrold's drama of the " Rent Day "with ! more success than on some previous occasions, and . although the word " amateur " is supposed to wipe the critic's pen, I may advise them even skill to curb the I speed of their tongues, to let nature have her way with their arms and legs, and to avoid posturing in a style that they are never known to be in except upon the mimic stage. They are deoidedly improving as a club, and several members possess considerable histronic and cornie talent, and they were much more perfect than is frequently the case. They had able assistance from Miss Clara Henderson, Miss Dooy Mainwaring, Miss Fanny Rogers, and Miss Dolly Forde. The farce of "Turn him out" nearly realised when the gas went out, WSB played with great fun, and the Metropolitan Band played some very good music during the evening. The stage and "fixings" were very creditably arranged and the manner in which the whole entertainment was managed reflects credit upon Mr. J. D. Marsh. At the School of Arts, a series of dioramio pictures is being exhibited, and are worthy the patronage of the public for their beauty and novelty. They are a series representing the creation, and subsequent Bcenea in the Garden of Eden, the flood, Noah's offering, followed by an immense variety of pictures with oleverly managed dioramio effects. The pictures are dissolving views and exhibited by means of the lime light, and elicited warm approbation for their extremely beautiful effects. The purchasers of tickets have also a chance in the lottery for costly presents with which the entertain ment closes. The firBb midday performance will be give ii to-day (Saturday), commencing at half-past two n'nTnnlr. FIGARO. Late on Friday night the good ship Barrabool arrived from Melbourne with a number of racehorses, ail engaged for our good things to be run for in April. First and foremost comes Pride of the Hills, in obarge of his brave Jenkins, whose doings in Melbourne, Geelong, and elsewhere our readers have no doubt heard of. Wext on the list ÍB Waterford, and a yearling filly by Tim Whinier, both come over to measure strides wifch our oraoks. Also on tho same boat came Disraeli, and a yearling by Panic, tho property of Mr. M'Evory, both of whioh have taken up their quarters at Fennelly's. in charge of Steve Mooro. The first-named three, in ohargo of Jenkins, will be located at Charley Roberta's, at Randwick. 