LONDON GOSSIP. [From our own Correspondent.] London, May 11,1877. THE EASTERN QUESTION. The great debate, which is to terminate in the early hoars of to-morrow morning, has excited more interest out of doors than it has done within the walls of Parliament. Since the debate began the doors of the House of Commons have been literally besieged by the most illus trious men in England; and last night the spectacle mas witnessed of Alfred Tennyson, among other distinguished persons, vainly en deavouring to find a corner in which to listen to the speeches. Mr. Gladstone's audience on Monday evening included the ex-King of Hanover, the Prince Imperial, more than one member of the Bojal Family, and numerous other persons of distinction. They were well rewarded for their pains, for Liberals And Tories of all sections are agreed that Mr. Gladstone never made a more eloquent speech or delivered a more stirring peroration. In fact, I have reason to know that many of his opponents were . for the moment completely .overcome by the passionate vehemence of his closing appeal. The speech is the more remarkable when it.is remembered that its delivery was preceded by a two hours'" wrangle, and that daring this factious discussion Mr. Gladstone found it necessary to address the House twice. The occurrence of such.an episode would have seriously disturbed the balance of any ordinary speaker, but inMr. Gladstone's case it apparently had just the contrary effect. A friend of his remarked tp me a few minutes before he got up to speak that he was in "a state of exaltation"-a statement which was amply justified by the ringing tonies in which he spoke and the elevated sentiment to which he gave such powerful expression. It is certain that, as long as he lives, Mr. Gladstone must remain the true leader of the Liberal party. KB. GLADSTONE'S HBSOMJTIONS. These resolutions have had a singular history. Among many Liberals in the House and among a still larger number out of it there was a strong feeling that Lord Matting ton. and, the front Opposition bench were not doing their duty. The Government had sacrificed the interests of the Christians of Turkey .ostensibly for. the sake of the peace of Europe, whereas the peace of Europe had not only not been preservedbut sanguinary war had broken out on the banks of the Danube and in Asia Minor. Many Liberals considered that the conduct of the Government ought to be directly challenged, or at all events that Lord Hartington should put before Parlia ment and the country that alternative line of policy which in his judgment the Cabinet ought to have pursued. But Lord Bartingtoii, knowing that on a division he would be beaten, declined the responsibility of the course pro posed, whereupon Mr. Gladstone refuped any longer to be a party to a policy of silerce and evasion. He at once formulated his celebrated resolutions and put them upon the notice-paper. Lord Granville then called a, meeting of the members of the late Cabinet' to consider what should be the attitude of the party towards the resolutions. Lord Hartington was not present, butitwaswellknownthathe would resign If his colleagues decided to follow Mr. Gladstone. There was no prospect of their doing this, seeiqg that Mr. Bright was present, and that he had repeatedly declared it to be his intention inflexibly to support a polity of non-interven tion. The ex- Cabinet therefore put up Sir John Lubbock to give notice of his intention to move the previous question, and thus to get rid of Mr. Gladstone's resolutions by a side-wind. THE VIEW OF THE COUNTRY. "When the country awoke to the fact that Mr. Gladstone was being deserted by. his own col leagues the effect was electrical. There was every sign that the autumn agitation would be renewed; and in fact the pressure exercisedby the constituencies upon their members proved -so great that in a few days an actual majority of the Liberal members of the House of Commons had promised to vote for Mr. Gladstone's resolu tions. It was now the turn of LordHartingtonand his colleagues to take alarm and to sue for peace. They saw that Mr. Gladstone had the country at his back, and that if on a division the Opposition had been split into two great frag ments the leadership of the Liberal party would of necessity, and perhaps for ever, pass from their hands. Accordingly every effort was made tobring about a compromise, 'and in the end Mr. Gladstone was induced so to modify- his resolutions as to make them acceptable to the whole party. I do not think that the Govern ment^ itself is disposed to crow very much over the divided state of the Liberal ranks, the fact being, as I shall presently have occasion to show, that the Cabinet has been lately oscillating be tween two entirely opposite lines of policy. ROTHSCHTT.T) S BET. A fortnight ago Sir Nathaniel Rothschild offered to make a bet of any amount that .sax weeks after Russia had declared waragainst Turkey our English fleet would be, at Con stantinople. The great banker was well informed at the time, but if he has'made the bet he will certainly lose his money. The war party in the Cabinet were anxious to take tilis desperate step-which might have involvedus in hostilities with other Powers besides Sufflin J but Lords Salisbury and Carnarvon, ¥5®* bably one or two other Ministers, steaw^ly refused to be a party to what would have been an act of war. 3?or a time, therefore, tod Beaconsfield and his chief --srampeteiy of the Press.-the Daily Telegraph-arc baffled ; while the public are indebted to the venerable Thomas Carljle, as well as Gladstone, tor having converted their temporary defeat almost into a rout. Mr. Carlyle received accurate and timely information as to the uature of the controversy which had been raging In the Cabinet, tod- instead of: bottling up his intelligence at once communicated it to the miter world | in a trenchant letter to the Times. At the Royal Academy .. Jwnquej;. kSir (Stafford Northcote, instead of explicitly declaring that the story was untrue, ddiyi^hipj^ of the weakesfc,of disdumgip,.ifcjuit ; Ministers WMUfl be questioned on the subject, but their friends in. the House know better than to do this. Meanwhile poor Mr. Cai-lyle has been by , highly placed persons who are anxious to knowhwauthorlty for the statement he made., .Although the'philosopher of Chelsea i® pn the, 'shady Ride of SO, his mind lias not shown the least .sign of the sort of weakness which, would induce him to gratify inmertinent curiosity... : THE PAPACY iKS THB "WAB. " official.representatives of the Papacy in this country are all against Btiasia, and would: rejoice to^ see the banner of Islam .victorious. No doubt it is the attitude of the Papal autho rities towards the Eastern question which has provoked Mr. Whalley to take a strong side against the Turk. I am glad that Mr. Whalley is on. that side, but it- is astonish ing to notice how his peculiar weakness crops up W connection with every subject of public interest. He now takes the view that the Greek Church is the only effectual barrier to Soman Catholicism in the East, and for this reason he wishes well to Russia.. Cardinal Manning, on the other hand, is afraid that if Bussia or the Slavonic races were to succeed the material interests of the Papacy would suffer damage, and therefore he is quite willing to assist in perpetu ating the obscene rule of the Turks. I, however, dp not think that there is a pin to choese between the American Protestant Missionaries and this Prince of an infallible Church. They have had the^ baseness to send to Lord Derby a quantity of information with a view to show that if the Turks were deposed and the poor oppressed Slavs came into possession of their own the interests of religious free dom would suffer. The Turks will not permit any proselytism of Mohammedans; on the contrary, Mohammedan con verts, when any are made, axe invariably subjected to severe persecutions, and are even liable to suffer the penalty of death. But because the Turks, regarding with lofty disdair all who bear the name of Christian,are perfectly willing to allow American missionaries to con vert Greeks or Armenians to their own sect, we are gravely assured that religious liberty is respected in Turkey; and Lord Derby is fur nished by these men with weapons which are intended to be used against the liberties of the unhappy Bulgarians and Bosnians. I1CFEBIAI. AND COLONIAL BESPONBIBILITIES IN "WAR. _ Captain Colomb, B.M.A., the well-known and distinguished writer on naval strategy, is to read a paper on the above subject before the Boyal Colonial Institute on the 15th instant. He advocates the appointment of an Imperial Commission to determine the just limits be tween Imperial and Colonial responsibilities on this matter; and he contends that an absolute and pressing necessity exists for the erection of a great Imperial dockyard at your end of the world. He points out that the fortifications of Paris did_ not save France, and that forts at Sydney will not save New South Wales in the absence of sufficient garrisons. Another point he lays down is that the principle of local de fence, "which prevents the concentration and combination of the whole war power of Aus tralia, is one of the strongest possible induce ments for attackingfavourable positions there, in f order to reduce each colony in succession." He I shows how the interest of one colony [really in-I volves that of all by supposing the case of . a war with the United States, arguing that the j safety of Australia, Fiji, and Hongkong would j be in proportion to the force and vigour of Canada's resistance or power of counter-attack. Our naval supremacy in the North Pacific depends^ upon our being able to secure British Columbia against attack; and yet this gem of the sea is now entirely isolated from the rest of the world and even from Canada, with which it is politically connected. The gallant officer is anxious to see an Imperial dockyard constructed at Sydney-(1), because a ship fitted out in England for the Pacific would be at least two months later on the scene of action than if fitted out at the Australian port; (2), because the resources of such a dockyard would at all times be available for the repairs and construc tion of merchant shippings (3), because the class of vessels which will now be chiefly demanded in war- t.e., small unarmoured or partially armoured cruisers - can be constructed cheaper at Sydney than in any other part of the world. These and other _ views as to the necessity of effectually guarding the great oceanic highways of the British empire Captain Colomb has elaborated at inuch length and with considerable literary skill. In conclusion he says:-"Englishmen iu the colonies are not different from Englishmen at home, and an Imperial Commission, such as I have ventured to suggest ten years ago, and have humbly pleaded for many times since, would let in a flood of Imperial light upon the 'parochial' English mind, and let the world know we meant to stick together in defending each other." THE INDIA AND COLONIAL HTJ6ETJJI. For the present the fates are against thitf, project. Lord Salisbury has written a snubbing letter to say that in the present condition of the finances of India it would be a waste of his time to receive a deputation; while Lord Beaconsfield, who before Easter was all smiles and complaisance, has declined to give audience to the city deputation on the ground of the pressure of public business. Dr. Forbes-Watson &nd;_ the Colonial Institute must needs wait until the Eastern fever has abated. THE BOTAL ACADEMY EXHIBITION. This is pre-eminently the month for pictures, and naturally the Exhibition at Burlington House-although, to speak frankly, it contains no works of the highest order of genius, and is this year beaten hollow by the Paris salon-is attracting a multitude of visitors. It is not difficult to predict that Mr. E. Lory's " Egyptian Feast'' will bear off the honour of the season, even if the Duke of Connaught had not singled it out for exceptional admiration at the dinner on Saturday night. This very fine and elaborate work on a large-sized canvas represents the banquet as having reached that concluding stage where, according to Herodotus, a bier, on which-was placed a carveu,. wooden image of a corpse, was borne in by slaves and passed before each guest in order to remind him of the brevity of all pleasure. The feasting party, consisting for the most part of young and beautiful figures of both sexes, are depicted as hardly pausing in their conversation or amusements of the hour to glance at the well-known inter pretation; but one young girl (whom we might suppose present for the first time at such a scene), and two old men seated in strong con trast beside a pair of lovers absorbed in each other look in the first instance with timid awe and in the second with shuddering dislike upon the ghastly symbol. Very graceful grouping, soft yet rich colouring and careful work, all combine to make this very original picture one of the most remarkable in the collection. Several time honoured names-that of Mr. Frith, for example -are absent from this year's list. Mr. Millais contributes two pictures, " The Yeoman of the Guard," a fine old man in a blazing coat of red and gold, totally uninteresting except as a piece of colour; and "Yes," a pair of lovers whose mutual understanding has manifestly been forced to a climax by the impending departure of the young maD, equipped with an Inverness cape on his shoulders and valise at his side. This is one of those pictures predestined to the engraver's hand and print-shop windows. One of the loveliest things in the collection is Mr. Frank Dicksee's " Harmony," a girl with auburn hair seated at an organ in an old chamber with a stained glass window painted with exquisite transparency. A youth is leaning on the organ listening with lover-like admiration to the player; but the girl, with upturned face and rapt expression, is apparently lost in devout ap preciation of her music. The quiet beauty of this work is worthy of all praise. Mr. Faed has sent more than one of those domestic scenes in humble life in which he delights, of which the most attractive is a cottage interior filled with little children, who have hurried in through fright at a runaway horse kicking up his heels in the distance. I am not one of those who can admire Mr. Alma Tadema's thoroughly heathenish series of small pictures called ""The Seasons," summer being represented by a beau tiful female in a bath strewn with rose- leaves, and autumn by a Bacchante raising a goblet to his lips. MB. ALBSKT GRANT'S PICTDBKS. The magnificent collection of paintings by modern artists which lias gradually been brought together during the last seven years for the adornment of Baron Grant's unoccupied and still unfinished mansion in Kensington has a t last found its way to the auction room. I think I have already stated that these pictures have never actually passed into Mr.-Grant's hands, and that they were to be brought to the hammer in default of the full payment of the purchase money. Messrs. Christie & Manson invited the public to view the collection at their great rooms for two days previous to the sale, gene rously making over the proceeds of the shilling catalogue to the Artists' Benevolent Fund. I need hardly say that the rooms were thronged j from early morning till the hour of closing, for j I suppose that there is hardly one name of real j note among recent English painters, from that of Sir Stand Wilkie, represented by the grand picture of Napoleon L and the Pbpe, painted in 1836, down to the youngest" lavattrite, Miss ; Elizabeth Thompsdn,'wiafc r4*jhot t»l>e;fottndm: ' this eirtiabrdinaiy liBfc.:1 The .crowd - .made 'any- " thln£ lie iinp^^blfeV Wt' I wWJbr£iroaW£hotij^i' to get' in aTight groove for pictures hang'^on.the line" anil so'tb renew acquaintance with' some . gems of forma Academy exhibitions and 'see others for the first time- ' Foremost jo' paint "'olf interest was,, perhaps/ Landseer's "celebrated 11 Otter Hunt," ; painted for 'lord. Aberdeen-an unpleaisknt; subject exceptfor^ those wiose lore 'of feport deadens .ereay pth&feeling;,1>at maj*nificent In polntof execution.'' The hntiteman holds up' ; the 4ead, ptter,. impa!ed upon His long spear j while imminerhble dcgs axe clamonri^ arotmd and- over him1--in'' tojgty anticipation - of their prey; thfeir gapiBg mouths and eager eyes being so realistic that' in imagination .one can hear them yelp aside looks. This great work was. knocked down on the day of sale to Mr. Agnew for £SJ9S2. Another-most-notable painting, which attracted all eyes, was W. P. Frith's charmingpicture, painted in 1868, of Boswell's lodgings in Bond-street, the scene being 'taken just as the guests had assembled for. one of those immortal dinners whichhave come down to us in the most delightful of biographies.' Johnson receives the alfiiectionate sallies of Garrick with leviathan amiability; poor Goldsmith is ogling a mirror to observe the effect of his bloom coloured coat; and " Bozzy" looks the pink of self-complacency at the sight of the good com pany, including Sir Joshua Beynolds, which is gathered in his rooms. This masterpiece was sold for £3,202; and the next .highest price was fetched by Clarkson Stansfield's splendid land scape-" The Morning of the Wreck"-which went for £2,677, Mr. Agnew being the purchaser of all three. " THE RBTUBK FROST mKEBMAKN." Miss E. Thompson's new picture was not com pleted in time for the Boyal Academy Exhibi tion. Nevertheless it has had the start of that' institution in public favour, having been for many days past on view at the Fine Arts So ciety's gallery, where the whole of Miss Thompson's battle pieces are now being , exhibited. That lady has shown a delicate appreciation of the army and at the same time greatly added to her popularity in military circles by providing a free admission to soldiers in uniform between 9.30 and 2 o'clock. Some critics have pronounced Inkermann the finest picture which this gifted young artist has yet painted, and I might be disposed to agree with them were it not that I think BJaklava, with its central. unwoanded figure dazed with horror and bewilderment at the scene he has come through, unsurpassable. Inkermann is a picture of the same class-that is, it portrays the individual sufferings and misery which go to make up every victory or defeat. . There is a long train of weary men, clad,in weatherbeaten and battle-stained garments, marching four abreast over the heights, the leading section consisting of a dying sergeant whose comrade stoops to lay him gently on the ground and a woundec1 soldier whose rifle is carried for him by the fourth figure of the group. Further in are three Bussian prisoners whose nearest guard is a young soldier smoking a short pipe and casting upon them a look of true British impu dence. To the right of the processional group we have a wounded officer carried painfully along by some four men of his regiment in an ex temporized litter formed of his own greatcoat; and in advance of this group is a young staff officer, the nucleus of this homeward- bound party, who is casting sad thoughtful eyes backwards over the heights. Then there is a French ambulance moving off in another direction, and the wounded occupants thereof characteristically rising and lifting their hats to their English comrades, who respond with an equally cha racteristic cheer. Such are the leading features of Miss Thompson's new picture, which is per haps the most largely conceived of this re markable young lady's works, and the details of which are elaborated with all that patient care which three years ago won an unwilling but generously candid tribute from Mr. Buskin. THE WAGNER FESTIVAL. I had the good fortune to be present at the opening concerts of the much- talked-of "Wagner Festival, which is taking place under very distinguished patronage, the Duchess of Edinburgh, the Princess Louise, the Duchess of Teck, and other members of the Boyal Family being among those who assembled to give the "musician of the future," who has come to London expressly to conduct his own music, an enthusiastic greeting. The audience would have been a magnificent one for any other place, con sisting as it did of about 4,500 persons, the great majority of whom had paid 15s. or a guinea for admission; but the mammoth building where it has been elected to hold the so-called festival, consisting entirely of selections from Richard Wagner's operas, presented by no means a well filled appearance even when attended by such numbers; and it took all the brilliant toilets of the full-dressed ladies in the area and boxes, and all the eager enthusiasm with which almost everybody present had come primed, to make one feel, in spite of that great thinly- peopled space, that one was assisting at the inauguration of a large and successful undertaking. So big a speculation-for such it is -should appeal to a wider class than you can reach even in London by asking half-a-guinea for far back balcony seats when six concerts are in question, especially now, when, if rich people are in town, there are two opera-houses in full swing, and when also prospectuses are already issued for the Handel Festival to take place next month at the Crystal Palace. I dwell upon the pecuniary aspect of the affair for the simple reason that according to professional gossip it is the most important one. The remarkable performances held last autumn at Bayreuth were not commercially successful, and the composer of the " Nibelungen Trilogy" hopes to make up by very partial and imperfect " recitals" here-his assertion being that his works can never be judged by excerpts or with out full stage accessories-for the losses sus tained by their full intrepretation in the temple of his own raising. England is expected to fill the pockets of Wagner and company as she has filled those of many another foreign artist in like case. THE WAGNER MUSIC, The programme of each concert is divided be tween pieces from Wagner's earlier operas, more or less known in this country, and selected scenes from the famous "King of the Nibe lungen," on which the composer rests his claim to be considered the regenerator of the operatic stage. On Monday night we had the " Kaiser's March," with Luther's Chorale, " Eine feste Burg," as its leading theme, and certain " numbers" from " Bienzi" and " Tannhauser," followed by two lengthy scenes from " Das Rheingold," which is really a sort of pro logue to the Trilogy (sung by Madame Materna, who made a great reputation at Bayreuth), and other German artists specially imported. Public curiosity to hear the latest development of Wagner's genius naturally made the second part of the concert attractive, hut still it was evident that the real satisfaction of the audience was confined to the first half of the performances. An hour of reci tative declamation unrelieved by air or chorus becomes tedious, even though the orchestral scoring be of unprecedented richness; and the climax of the interest was certainly reached at the conclusion of the first part, when the well known Ma-ch from " Tannhauser," splendidly played by an orchestra of 169 picked musicians, led by Herr Wllhelmji, evoked & furore of excite ment. The " Kaiser March," with its clash of cymbals, ringing of bells, blare of brass, and banging of drums, has little melody that could be distinguished on a first hearing, except the phrasis from Luther's Chorale, and' caH only, I should say, prove quite agreeable either to a red hot Wagnerite or perhaps to a white cat, that pretty animal being popularly supposed to be stone-deaf. THE PRINCE AND THE TOTAL ABSTAINERS. The announcement m%de some time ago by the licensed victuallers that they had secured the services of the Prince of Wales as the Chairman of their annual charitable dinner excited the wrath of the temperance party from Dan to Beersheeba. The Executive Council of the. United Kingdom Alliance led the way in the agitation on the subject by passing a reso lution in which they declared that "shouldHis Boyal Highness make a public appearance in connection with the Licensed Victuallers it will be an act so contrary to the moral sense and sober judgment of the better part of the nation as to produce a profound shock, and u ill tend to lessen the respect for royalty." All the Tem perance Societies were up in arms, and Marl borough House was flooded with memorials protesting against the support which it was alleged the Prince was about to give to the liquor traffic. There is no doubt that many other people wholly unconnected with the temperance agitation entertained grave misgivings as to the propriety of the step which the Heir-Apparent had announced his intention to take. Meanwhile, the licensed victuallers themselves were confident that the Prince would not break his promise. He was not in England to hear the roll of the teetotal thunder, and it therefore fell to poor old General KnollyB to read the memorials and to return to them such answers as in his wisdom he might think, fit. In the end, as was to be expected, the publicans prevailed. At the appointed hour His Boyal Highness was in attendance at.the'fiapqpjit, fB^fSn ^£pagsc|pf the proceedings referred-not without an sir of dignity-to the advipe.hfe ftatfrecgtvetlfruw lite' ;mentora 'or tormentors <>P the TTnitM "Kingdom: 1 Affiance.1 The publicans to jaBQatit ait tlie; 'victory theyhaVe aph^evect- Theylikv#n&de;'it' appear that the latiiK'Siiig of England 'regard8: them, with JL - not unfriendly ,' eyej and^they shrewdly. calculate 1 upon' the 'value'in S political sense of i sympathythus openlyex presaed. " " ;J ;. On the other hand the teetotallers ".« ran-Ving' equally earnest efforts .toolitain support in Mgh places. If the 'publicans have succeeded in - inducing the Heir-^tpparent - to - give, theni thie support. of hispatronage, theTemperance Societies .have done much to enlist the Ohurch on the opposite, ,side.' It'Would be a curious problem to determine the relative influence of a dinner, at .Willis's Booms and of % special service at Westminster Abbey. At the parti-, cnlar service .which I now have in mind the great nave.,mas filled with a congregation that' numbered . not. fewer than ..three thousand persons, the preacher being Canon Duckworth, who enjoys the reputation of having at. one period of his career inspired in -loyally itself feielings of a more tender nature than those of friendship. The Canon is an orator not to be despised, and his sermon, delivered as it was in fine elocutionary style, produced a deep im pression. He inveighed against the gross animalism of modern fiction, and also against what he called "the vagrant sensuality" of high born and educated men. After, presenting a faithful picture of the vices which prevail too generally among the class to which he belongs he drew an equally unflattering sketch of the condition of the working classes. From his account of the state of society in these closing years of the nineteenth century it really ap peared as if the nation were on the verge of national ruin. As the result of much observa tion I am inclined to think that what the Canon says is literally true, but that neverthe less the *'good, old times" which are often referred to with so much unction were on the whole a good deal worse than the days in which we live. It is true that among the educated classes drinking habits are still frequently carried to excess; and by way of illustration, I may re mark that the grave has hardly covered the remains of a distinguished lady whose death was occasioned by the excessive nse of stimu lants. But on the other hand, many persons in a high position-several Bishops and members of Parliament among others-have lately become total abstainers, either +o prevent damage to their nervous system or to set a good example to their own class. Only the other day a popu lar member of Parliament who votes against Sir "Wilfrid Lawson's Bill received a letter from one of his constituents rebuking him for taking this course, and at the same time informing him that if he would only give teetotalism a trial he would soon be able to appreciate both the moral and the sanitary advantages of total abstinence. The member of Parliament was able to reply that although he had voted against the Permis sive Bill he could say of himself what many of the supporters of that measure could not with truthfulness affirm of themselves, i.e., that he was a total abstainer. MB. GLADSTONE AT ST. PATTL'S. Social questions-as well as questions of catholicity in religious doctrine-are largely treated at "Westminster Abbey. At St. Paul's Cathedral recently topics of a more distinctly political character have been handled in a sober and reverential spirit. During the period that Canon Liddon was last inresidence not a Sunday passed without some reference on his part to that griifi and ghastly Eastern question which, like a hideous spectre, is now haunting the Council Chambers and market-places of Europe. On Sunday week the eloquent Canon was point ing out the great gulf which separated man from the lower animals. "When, he said, the latter arrived at old age all their powers became sub ject to a law of decay, whereas it often happened that men even in the pangs of dissolution ex hibited moral and intellectual qualities of the noblest character. He went on to remark that even statesmen old and grey in their country's service sometimes felt again the quickening influence of youth, and with more than the vigour of early manhood were prepared to do battle for the right. As these words were spoken many eyes turned to Mr. Gladstone, who occu pied a seat immediately in front of the pulpit. PRACTICAL JOKING EXTRAORDINARY. As one contemplates the well-dressed crowds who at all hours of the day and the night may now be seen walking to or from Exeter Hall, where the majority of the May meetings are now being held, any sort of practical joking smacks of irreverence as much as conviviality in a church. You may therefore imagine the feeling which has lately been excited in that neighbourhood by the escapades of four young noblemen, who, attired in clerical costume, and " white- chokered" and black-coated up to the eyes, have been invading the taverns of the Strand and making that highly respectable thoroughfare noisy with their roystering and their revelry, besides imparting a strong flavour of scandal to this religious and philan thropic season. These youthful sinners are almost as lost to shame as the Aldershot ghost, who still fells sentries to the earth in the dead of the night, and who is now generally supposed to be the shade of the Marquis of "Waterford of a former generation. LORD COLERIDGE AND THE GAME LAWS. lord Coleridge's recent refusal to convict in a Game Law case, and still more the emphatic opinion he has expressed against undue game preserving, have greatly excited the ire of the squirearchy, who loudly protest their belief that this noble-minded and impartial Judge is unfit to sit upon the bench. Lately Lord Coleridge made his appearance at a great dinner-party in a pair of shees each of which was surmounted by a stupendous silver buckle. A facetious Tory landowner, who had the advantage of a personal acquaintance with the noble and .learned Lord, marched up to the offending Judge, and in the presence of the company said -'. I understand, my Lord, that the beautiful buckles you are now wearing are a testimonial from your friends the poachers." The humour of the sally made every one forget its insolence, and no one laughed more heartily at it than Lord Coleridge himself. AN EX-LORD CHANCELLOR. j_/oru aua jjauy rLauieriey nave Deen presentea with a testimonial in the shape of a gold pencilcase and a smelling-bottle, as a grateful acknowledgment for the services which they have rendered during the last 40 years to the Sunday-schools connected with St. John's Church, Westminster-the church with four queer-looking towers which stands between the Abbey and Millbank. Lord Hatherley is a son ! of Alderman Wood, of Queen Caroline notoriety, and it is a remarkable fact that for considerably more than a generation he has either been a teacher in or the Superintendent of a Sunday-school. His successor as Lord Chan cellor-Sir Eoundtll Palmer-is also an old Sunday-school teacher, and like the older peer has devoted no small amount of time to the work of imparting religious instruction to the rising generation. ME. COBDEN'S JOURNALS. The death of Mrs. Cobden renders it probable that at an early date the great freetrader's posthumous papers will be given to the world under the supervision of his eldest unmarried daughter, assisted by Sir Louis Mallett, Under Secretary for India. The MSS. include docu- > ments of great historical interest, such, for example, as a complete narrative of his celebrated Continental tour after the abolition of the Corn Laws, and a journal of all his proceedings in Paris during the negotiation of the commercial treaty with France. He gives accounts of interviews with Mehemet Ali, Louis Philippe, Charles Albert, Louis Napoleon, and other mouarchs and states men. There are also many pleasant glimpses of Cavour and other Italian statesmen. Mrs. Cobden entertained a rooted objection to the publication of her husband's papers during her lifetime ; but certainly the time has now come when they can be given to the world without compromising either the living or the dead. A NEW NOVEL. A new novel by an unknown author, which is about to be issued from the respectable press of Blackwood, is being announced with an unusual flourish of trumpets. The book will bear the title of " A Modern Minister." It is said to be a work of great genius, and mysterious hints are thrown out as to the supposititious authorship; but whether the writer be man or woman it is hard to say. For a long time George Eliot kept Mr. Blackwood in the dark as to her identify, and Lord Lytton was pleased to throw a veil of secrecy over one of his latest novels, issued by the same firm. It remains to be seen whether the public will confirm the judgment which t!ae Edinburgh publisher has formed of the great merit of the forthcoming work. COLONEL BUENABY. Colonel Burnaby is about to leave England on a new tour of adventure, and his tall com manding figure will long be missed in the Mili tary Clubs of London. His " Bide to Khiva" has proved* so great a hit that it cannot be doubted that his next literary venture will be equally profitable and popular. At the News paper Press Fund dinner on Saturday he was the chief object of interest, as Lieutenant Cameron was last year ; but he hardly shone as well' as his predecessor, liis speech being for the most part a Lite uufofluuale liegtwa, it is to be hoped that ?he will keep at a distance'fK«i"tfedB(s regicrtfg -which Mr.'Staiiley has familiarized With 'his elephantrifl&!-r - ??? ...v: .'! ?.jnac ! ! '? "'??pk'T.TCTrrnTK minnt. ... . .7 ' This well-known personage, who appears to be L alternately petted and cuffed by- the Turks, fajus wri liens book on Turkey. Colonelr 'Baker of course defends-the Ottomans, and wwhes'tbgive thenr-^BB ^the phrase goes-" another chance but liis pagea contain ample evidence- -of tbeir barbarism and of the hSp61e8snesa;of any pre sent attempts to sec tire their ; reformation.' 'Like Hobart' Pasha,'iOoloiiel'B&ef; -appears ~to have a peipetual itching for newspaper writing. TICTOE HUGO. At the age .of seventy-seven Victor _Hqgo's genius shows no sign of decay, while hw capacity for work is as great a» it was a .quarter of a century ago. At this moment he lias in hand three works, either of which would make the i-epntation of any ordinary litterateur. He , is writing a history of the coup d'etat. -It will ' not be a repetition of his " Napoleon the Little," because Victor Hugo never repeats himself, but it will be a grave and even terrible indictment of that policy of successful violence which lies at the root of the Napoleonic system, in the second place he is hard at-work on a novel, the subject and scope of which he hasnotyetdisclosed even to his intimate friends^ many o! whom, I may add,, dine with him once a fortnight. Lastly, he will before long publish a volume of satirical poems, in which his political or personal enemies are unmercifully castigated and indeed may be said to receive no quarter A GREAT XAXCa WEAKNESS. " Victor Hugo's great weakness is his vanity a vanity so restless and so exacting that even if he hears that a-notice of himself or. of his. works has appeared in some exceedingly obscure journal he is never satisfied nniS he has -had an opportunity of devouring the paragraph. This vanity is associated with a sham modesty which sometimes places him in an absurd position. A friend of his tells me that not long ago a young poet in a distant provin cial town sent him an «arly copy of his first volume of poems with a humble request that the great writer wonld condescend to read the work and to express an opinion upon it. Victor Hugo at once replied to the effect that he had read the poems with so much admiration and delight that if they had been published before he had begun to write poetry he should never have ventured to engage in that field of literature. The young author, of course, was immensely gratified with the tribute to his power, but his pleasure greatly moderated when his book was returned to him through the Dead Letter Office, a mistake in the direction having prevented it from reaching Victor Hugo's hands. 