Old Hancock's Ghost. Most extraordinary rumours and great excitement prevail in the neighbourhood of the Glebe on account of circumstances which rival in ludicrous mystery of the famous legend of the Cock-lane ghost. The memory of old Mr. Hancock, and of the litigation arising out of his alleged will, is fresh in the minds of the public, therefore it will be quite unnecessary to enter into particulars, except to mention that some years before his death Robert Hancock resided at the Lady of the Lake Hotel, Bay-street, Glebe, where he cultivated the society and basked in the smiles of a Mrs Mary Ann Burton, who, under the second or dis- puted will, decided by a jury in the Supreme Court to have been a forgery—was down for a comfortable eight thousand. In her own words, her elderly lover said to her, when at his last gasp, " Mary Ann, Mary Ann, you have been my guardian angel, and you shall be provided for." While the old man lived, Mrs. Burton had control over all; she reigned a second Helen at the Lady of the Lake, and to use her own classic expression, " she bossed the whole concern." But how are the mighty fallen! Mrs. Burton, now resides in a small cottage, next door to the Lady of the Lake, and turns a mangle for her daily bread. But to come to the ghost story. It ap- pears, from the statement of James Egan, now landlord of the Lady of the Lake, that of late he and his wife have been disturbed at night by strange sounds as of bottles clashing together in the bar, rumblings over head, and other peculiar noises. Often has Mr. Egan descended from his bedroom at night, in an airy costume, armed with a poker, to ascertain the cause of the disturbance, but nothing could be seen or detected. Mrs Burton, however, who resides, as we have stated, next door, appears to know a great deal about the matter, and her statement is to this effect: -Old Hancock died in her arms on the 26th February, 1876. He was a peculiar looking individual, having a halt in his walk, through his right thigh having been broken. He had also suffered other injuries including the Ioss of an eye. No sooner had Mrs. Bur- ton been turned out of the Lady of the lake, than—so she states, while peacefully lying beside her husband one night in the cottage, the form of old Hancock appeared at the head of the bed, pointing in a solemn manner with the stick he carried. Springing from her coach, Mrs. Burton cautiously approached the phantom. "Robert," she said, "is that you?" "It's me, Mary Ann," responded the ghost, with characteristic disre- gard of Lindley Murray; "It's me, old woman, flesh and blood." Then looking at her lovingly, the spirit of Robert Hancock faded away. Frequently since has the ghost appeared, not only to Mrs Burton, but also to other residents of Bay-street, who are, or profess to be terrified out of their lives. Since the trial of the Will Case, however, the burden of the ghost's song, according to Mrs Burton, is always the same - "Cheer up, Mary Ann ; you shall get the money!" Mrs Burton informed our reporter, that it is her confident opinion, that until she does get the money the ghost of her departed friend will continue to haunt the precincts of Bay-street. We decline to ex- press an opinion on so mysterious a matter, but there is one fact which ought to be mentioned in connection with this extraordinary case—that is that Mrs. Burton, being doubtless a strong- minded woman does not seem to be in the least bit terrified at the sight of her departed friend, beholding the phantom, in fact, and speaking of its appearance, with the greatest cool- ness imaginable, and relating the story of the mysteri- ous noises with a kind of subdued chuckle. The Blondin season in the outer Domain re-opens to-morrow night. On Monday the performances will be for the benefit of the public charities of Sydney, and on Saturday, the 18th instant, he proposes to male his public exhibition in Middle Harbour. 