í THE EASTERN QUESTION.» (From tho Time:.) IN this volume Mr. "MacColl aims at giving amore com- prehensive view of tho Eastern Question than has been yet attempted, anti in his preface asserts his con- viction that his conclusions follow by a logical neces- sity from thc fact» which he has marshaller! in sup- port of them. His conclusions are, of course, Iiis own, but hi» facts ho has derived from Par- liamentary papers and other veracious documents, and, as we nil know, facts, especially when drawn from such sources, are stubborn things. That the appearance of thc volume is oppor- tune when " a.great cause is trembling in the balance, and Avhcn on England, as tho Russians declare, is laid thc responsibility of deciding its issue," cannot be denied, and Mr. MacColl hopes that his book may dissipate, in part at least, the dense clouds of ignorance which envelope tho Eastern Qucs tian, and awaken public opinion in England to a true sense of the condition, of fourteen millions of their fellow creatures, " ns noble and virtuous " os any in the world, who are now " writhing in tho agony of a bondage more cruel and debasing than any that the world has ever seen." Thc great nation of England must, he says, indeed bo degenerate if it docs not make short work of a " brutal policy " which maintains that British interests are subserved by pro- longing the anguish of the victims of Turkish op- pression ; and writing from this point of view it will bo seen that Mr. MacColl is as little inclined to show mercy to Ottoman rule in Europe, or indeed, any- where else, as Chefket Pasha or any other chief agent in tho " atrocities " to their Bulgarian victims. True to these principles, this book is one long in- dictment against the Turks and their supporters. It tells throughout tho same harrowing tale of brutal oppression on the part of the ruling race and of in- tolerable wrongs endured without possibility or hope of redress by the ruled. But Mr. MacColl goes further than this ; for after exposing the atrocities of the Turks, he does not scruple to lay the responsi- bility of supporting them in their wicked ways on the present Government, who, by pursuing a policy of mediation rather than a course of coercion, have identified what they call " the interests of England" with the misrule of a race which, so -far from having any right to rule in Europe, ought to bc expelled from it by fire and sword. When slr. MacColl writes thus,,as may be read at p. 2S0 of the present volume, -"I'contend, therefore, that even the burning down of Constantinople and the destruction'outright of the Turkish Government would be far better than an indefinite continuance of the present state of things" -it will be seen that while inclined to make very short work of tho Turks, he is not prepared to ex- hibit much forbearance to their friends in England, whether in the Government or out of it. But, to come after these generalities to the particular charges brought by Mr. MacColl against the Turks, he endeavours to prove that whereas thc four primary conditions of happiness for civilised beings are-first, security for life ; secondly, security for honour ; thirdly, security for religious liberty ; and fourthly, security for property, the Christian subjects of Turkey have no security as regards any ono of them. " They are literally outlaws in their ? own land, and may be wronged to any extent with impunity," and this in spite of all the rights conceded to the Rayahs in the magnificent phrases of innumerable Hatts and Firmans. On this point the testimony of the Bl ue Books is like that of the rocks in geology, absolute and incontrovertible. There they are in Consular reports and despatches, spread over years past counting, and who shall gainsay their evidence ! What is the use of rights and concessions where a 'lurk, as compared with a Christian, is always "privileged," so that, from being accused, hers trans- formed by the customs of thc country and the rules of Turkish evidence into an accuser, and escapes scot free, while the bastinado descends on the feet of the poor wretch who has dared to summon him until they are reduced to a jelly, and he limps on quite resolved never to bring an action in futuro against a Turk, and rather lucky, on the wnole, that he has escaped with life. As for life, the evidence afforded by the Blue Books as to the Syrian massacres in 1860 proves that they were quite on a par with those Bulgarian atrocities: which have recently aroused universal indignation in Europe. Then, as now, "brutal lust" and "fiendish cruelty" were at the bottom of a policy deliberately planned by the Turkish authorities, and then, as now, it was the regular soldiers and not Bashi-Bazouks and Cir- cassians alone who took the lead in horrors which have never been equalled in atrocity except by thc Turks themselves. The irresistible conclusion is that murder and rapine, which in other countries and among other races are the exception, are the rule uuder the Turkish system of government ; and so far from exciting astonishment, even in the minds of thc victims themselves, are as regularly to be expected as the rising of the sun at dawn. But under a rule where life is considered a tiling of no value at all-the life oí a Rayah, be it understood, not that of a Turk-it is not to be expected that the honour of women or the rights of property and religion should be regarded as worth anything. We forbear, to enter into the details on the first of these which Mr. MacColl has collected. It is enough to glance at them and pass by. As for property, 60 far as land is concerned, even thc sacred Mussulman cannot become a proprietor in oui sense of the word, and in order to attain to any security of tenure is obliged to make his land a vacouf "-that is, to place it, for a consideration, under the inviolable protection of the Mosques ; while as to the Christian, he is in a far worse position ; . for, first of all, he can only hold land at all by grace and condescension, and when he has got it, and made it worth having, he is crushed by having to pay innumerable "squeezes" and taxes from which the" true believers are exempt. We grumble enough against the tax-gatherer . in England, but what should we say to a Chancellor of tile Exchequer who laid such burdens on land as could not be borne by the whole annual income derived from it ? When we add that the " officials " in Turkey, and "official" is a term so elastic that it includes every one in any way connected with the State down to the lowest police- man, and that officials are entitled to free qúnrters and maintenance, we shall see that these Zaptiehs, or policemen, who so justly roused Mr. Gladstone's indignation in the Autumn, have a good time of it when they traverse the country on thc business of the State. As for the fourth head of Mr. " MacColl'p accusation-religious liberty-that, according to him, supported hythe Blue Books, is just as much a farce as the other three. There the right exists, guaranteed by Hatts and Concessions, but it is a right that can hardly be exercised -according to the testimony of the consuls, lest it should excite the fanaticism of the Mussulmans and provoke outrages. Tints,'in thelarger towns in Turkey the Christians may 1 not build a church near a mosque, nor must they sing loud, nor have spires to their churches, nor "usc bells. Processions nre forbidden-what a grief to Mr. Tooth ii he were in Turkey !-and even funeral processioiis are forbidden. These, it is true, arc but thc externals of religion, but as the- Turks know nothing of the internals of Christianity, thej show their intolerance in tho only way open to them, by proliibiting these outward and visible signs of Christian worship. It will be said, of course, that we have heard from Arme- nian and Greek Patriarchs very different ac- counts of Turkish toleration, but Mr. MaeCol] assures us that these Patriarchs, who obtain theil offices by the grossest bribery, are as venal as nil thc rest of the Turkish ollicials, and that in this and in ninny other respects they are not to be trusted. There are very good and trustworthy clergymen both among the Greeks and Armenians, but the Patriarchs are not to be believed, as they are' interested in thc maintenance of the existing system, and therefore their rosy-coloured reports are not worth the paper or which they aro written. Having gone thus far in his demonstration, Mr MacColl. declares that Turkish misrule is incurable, It is not only bad, as even the. advocates of Turkej now admit,' but quite incapable of regeneration bj any . of the remedies which have been proposed. There is a. solidarity of iniquity which makes each successor to power as bad as his predecessor. Thus, though the present Sultan ' was not on the throne when the Bulgarian atrocities were perpetrated, both ho and Midhat Pasha are, according to Mr. MacColl, responsible for them, for having accepted and justified them. . There they stand, in glar- ing deformity ; yet the Sultan and his ex Minister have sanctioned and defended them both in , the Conference by the month of Snivel Pasha and by not bringing Chefket Pasha tc justice. In doing this they only followed the tra- ditions of the djTiasty which in Midhat Pasha, whom Mr. MacColl calls "the author of the atro- cities," found a willing agent, he being "one of thc most -unscrupulous and cruel men in the Turkish Empire." As it is just probable that Midhat maj be recalled to power, it may be as well to give an account of him as sketched by Mr. MacColl, who, nc doubt, lias derived his information from "unques- tionable authority-." Midhat, it appears, . was the sor of a Cadi, and began life as aj>oor man. " He is no^ one of the wealthiest men in Europe"-though he hai ."The Eastern Question, its Pacte and rallsciei." '"Bi Malcolm MMCOU, M.A.->-1877. Lonpnans, --TTVT, - -TÍ to borrow £500 to get away from Constantinople "Where," asks Mr. MacColl, " did he get his wealth ? " In 1861 he became Governor-General of Bulgaria, and at thc close of his rule " he was found to be one of thc wealthiest men in Constantinople." Again, Mr. MacColl asks, " "Whence came his wxalthr". In answer, ho more than suggests that it was acquired hy bribery. But, after all, it may be said, Midhat is gone, though his Constitution remains. Government by Pashas is gone, and Turkey has entered on. a new career of Constitutional reform. This Mr: MacColl will not believe, quoting Horace very appositely of the Turks. Ile sees nothing" in Midhat's scheme which had not been repeatedly granted and broken by former Hatts and Constitutions. Such a Constitution cannot work in Turkey, because the Turks have neither the will nor the power to work it. It may be set in motion, but it will fall to pieces at thc first step. Thc fact is that the Turks, even though wc admit some good points in their character, and some few exceptional men, are, as a body, debased and degenerate by their vices and their religion. They are sensual brutes who do not believe in the regeneration of society by a feeling of respect for virtue in women, and, like brute beasts, their destiny and their future is to perish. And this is the race which is to be preserved by diplomacy, that they may torment and afflict a Christian popula- tion twelve times more numerous, and so superior in civilization and intelligence that it is an insult to name them in tho same day with their oppressors. "War is a great calamity," says Mr. MacColl signi- ficantly, " but it has its noble "side too, and a war in vindication of eternal justice and in defence of a suffering people is as noble a spectacle as tho policy of exclusive regard to one's own interest is base. A frank resolve to act with Russia would have subdued the obstinacy of the Porte and thus prevented a war which seems now inevitable." Mr. MacColl proceeds to show why the Turks are so incurable, and he finds the proof in their religion. Islam may be all very well for Mahomedans ; but it is quite impossible that a Mussulman people can rule a non-Mussulman population justly. Islam is a theocracy, and all theocracies are exclusive and per- secuting. The Commander of the Faithful and the Sheik-ul-Islam are in theory as infallible as the Pope, except that the 'infallibility of Rome," according to Mr. MacColl, "is a living voice, while the infal- lible Pontiff of Islam has been dead for centuries, and he has no successor." Here, we are sorry to say, Mr. MacColl gets rather hazy, or perhaps we are dull and cannot understand him ; but he says that " Islam is a crystallization, not an organism, and its unity is that of a vis inertia:, not of a living body. It is powerful as an instrument of destruction when wielded by a capable arm, but it admits of no develop- ment or growth." "Thus," he goes on, " we see that the Koran is bound to destroy, in the long run, every State that is ruled by it; and Turkey is ruled by it more systematically and more irretrievably than Mussulman States in general have been." Whatever truth there may be in this argument, we admire Mr. MacColl's boldness in attacking the infidels when from Islam itself he passes to the Prophet, and shows how all the vices of the Turkish system which have dragged the Mussulmans down are to be found in germ in the character and teaching of Mahomet. According to Mr. MacColl he was " one of the most detestable characters in history, and worked his way to power by fraud and the sword, the dagger, tho bowl, as well as by his commanding will and political capacity." So it was that, "like the Tempter of old," he ensnared the world by visions and promises of sensual pleasure, and pronounced on all his believers " a sentence of perpetual barbarism." After this picture of their Prophet, Mr. MacColl thinks it not wonderful that the Turks in their cruelty and their vices should resemble their Pattern Man and Lawgiver. That according to him is " the little rift within the lute" which has brought Turkey so low, and which, so long as they remain Mahomedans, will render them incapable either of governing them- selves or others. How different he remarks from the teaching of Him "who gave his followers not a dead code of unchangeable rules, but a few vivifying prin- ciples which, planted in the soil of humanity, are capable of indefinite expansion and endless adapta- bility." There is no hope, then, for the Turks, or for the Christians so long as they remain under Turkish rule. But what is to be the alternative ? " Suppose the Turkish Government destroyed, what then ?" So hopeless is Mr. MacColl of any reform originated by the Turks themselves, that though very unwilling to differ in his conclusions from Lord Salisbury, hi would be almost willing, for the sake of a change, te face that noble Lord's prognosticated calamity and to coerce Turkey, even though it should be , " a signal for confusion and anarchy in every part of the Empire." Of course, he thinks we have already shown, that united action on the part of England and Russia in coercing Turkey would lead, not to chaos and confusion, but to peace and quiet. There would be no danger of a struggle but even if one came, it would soon be over, wherea if Turkey is left to herself, there will be atrocity afte: atrocity, until tho end of the Laissez-faire policy would be that Europe would be forced to interfere a a disadvantage. . Autonomy for the Christians in Bosnia and Bulgaria, under the protection of the Powers, Mr. MacColl thinks, would have brought about a happy solution of this vexed ques tion. There might have been difficulties, of course, but none that could not have been surmounted had- England at the Conference been true to herself Turkey has not defied the united voice, of Europ because that voice never spoke to her. This was th fault of Lord Derby, and behind him of Lon Beaconsfield, who, while Lord Salisbury was pleadini the cause of the Christians in the Conference, wer telling the Turks that they " had nothing to fea from England hi the event of refusal." This polic; tliey are now pursuing by " straining ever means to paralyse the action of, the onl; Power from which Turkey has any thin' to fear." " But," pathetically exclaims Mr MacColl, " co-operation with Russia is denounced b the friends of Turkey as treason to England." » It i worth while, therefore, " to analyse the element which compose this superstitious terror of Russia,' and to lay in fact that Russian bugbear which has s terrified the Government in dealing with the Easter Question. It must be admitted that Mr. MacCo] here enters into a very difficult part of hi I discussion. This "bugbear of Russia has frightenë many more people ,in England than Lor I Beaconsfield and his Administration ; and if w were to sum up popular feeling on this matte we should probably, be right in saying the while the English people loathe and hate the Turk j they have a profound distrust aiid suspicion of th ! Russians. The Turks may be very bad, but that doc not make the . Russians quite so "disinterested in thi I business as their partisans would bave us believi I This general suspicion of Russia Mr. MàcColl no1 proceeds to ' combat, and he throws his net at firs .wide to show how very foolish we English ha\ I always been in pur needless terror of othe bugbears.. There was capital punishment fe sheep-stealing and for robberies up to 40: How long was it .before the highest legi authorities would consent to abandon that bugbei declaring that the people of England could not sloe with safety in their beds if the law were altered But how "stands the law as to capital punishmei now ? Then there was thc Suez Canal, which Loi Palmerston stoutly opposed, but which now a acknowledge to be exceedingly beneficial to Britis interests. Fortified by these precedents of idle alaru Mr. MacColl is prepared to find great names oppose to bini in this Russian Question, and I side with Mr. Gladstone against the who' array of, them. As for the supposed designs i Russia on India, they are idle and chimerical : Wh good would the possession of India do to Russia th she should run the risk of attacking us ! Besides, Russia ever does attack us in that part of the wori it could only be to further her designs on Constant rioplé ; so that, as Constantinople would be'of i earthly good to us, it should be our policy to " he! Russia,to thc possession of Constantinople," so as avert an attack on- India. But even to Constantinople, what proof , is there . th Russia covets it 1 Could . she not have tak< it years-ago ; . and have not Russian Prime Ministe invariably disclaimed any such. intention on the pa of their master in the most positive and formal wa^ Whatever thc rest of the English nation may do, M MacColl believes the Russians when they make the declarations, and all the more so because a removal the capital to Constantinople would upset the cent of gravity of the Empire. Ah, but then Russia is cruel and.faithless that no one can believe a woi she says. " Cruel and faithless," réitérât Mr. MacColl, but was not England cru and faithless under the Butcher Cumberlan and did we not perpetrate atrocities suppressing the Lidian Slutiny and in the We Indies far worse than any Polish or Khivan horrors i Asto.wbat Captain Burnaby says in his "Ride ' Khiva," ( it is the mere outpouring . of fáTse impre sions; and, to sum up all our sins, our persisting forcmg opium down the throats of the Chinese ougi to teach us that we, at least, are not called on to thro stones, at our- neighbours, .who, in Asia or out ! Asiafhave never done anything so iniquitous.. Fro these instances it is plain that ilr. MacColl has spar* no pains in getting up his case against England. Nay, had he teen Prince Gortschakofi himself, -we do not think he could have done it more unmerci- fully. Thc upshot of it all is that British interests have nothing to fear from this Russian bugbear, and this rather delicate chapter ends by a quotation from that accomplished statesman Sir George Lews, who declared in a letter to Lord Palmerston that " our foreign policy is too timorous ; that we are apt to be scared by bugbears, and to underrate the power of England and the fear of it entertained by foreign nations." " How apt an illustration,'' says Mr. MacColl, " is our present policv of that which Sir George Lewis deprecated! "Wc will not lend a hand to put out a fire in our neighbour's house lest one of the firemen should conceive a fancy to take up his abode in the house and prove a disagreeable neighbour." In a chapter headed, " Who are the Credulous r " Mr. MacColl discusses the great question of impale- ment as practised in Turkey, which he and Canon Liddon brought so prominently before the public last autumn. It is a question rather personal to himself than interesting to the public, and we refrain from expressing our opinion whether what he and his fellow-traveller saw stuck up on a pole on tho banks of thc Danube was the remains of au impaled human being or a scarecrow. Mr. MacColl sticks to Hs text, and with infinite contempt of consuls, _ all except Vice-Consul Freeman, and their reports, ; declares that what he saw on the pole was an impaled captive. We are afraid that the 1 accusation brought against some, at least, of tho British Consuls and others serving in the East is partly justified-that they have lived so long among the Turks that what Mr. MacColl calls " the dead- ening influence of contact with the Turks has told upon them." They have supped so full of horrors that their minds cease to be affected by them, and 60 it was that Sir Henry Elliot, when writing on the Bulgarian atrocities, could use these words:-"Wo may and must feel indignant at the needless and monstrous severity -with which the Bulgarian insurrection was put down ; but the necessity which exists for England to prevent changes from occurring here which would be most detrimental to ourselves is not affected by the ques- tion whether it was 10,000 or 20,000 persons who perished in their suppression." "Wien," says Mr. MacColl, after quoting this passage, " I see men like ' Sir Henry Elliot propounding principles which found their legitimate issue in tragedies like that of Batak, I cease to wonder that Turkish officials, from Grand Viziers down to zaptiehs, should be the cha- racters they are. A few generations of training under the apostles of national selfishness might reduce even Englishmen to the level of the Turk. And now I leave the reader to answer, who are the credulous :" In a concluding chapter Mr. MacColl passes in rapid review the more conspicuous phases of the Eastern Question since the Crimean war. In his view no small share of the present complication is due to the fact that the Government which began the Crimean war did not live to finish it. If Lord ! Aberdeen had been a party to the Treaty of Paris, which Lord Beaconsfield considers as sacred as the laws of . the Medes and Persians, more efficient guarantees would have been exacted from Turkey, and Lord Palmerston would not have had his way in making those guarantees illusory. On Lord Aberdeen's side Mr. MacColl is proud to quote the late Prince Consort, but, as is well known, the policy of Lord Palmerston prevailed. When the Treaty of 1856 came to be discussed, it is plain that it was not regarded with the awful sanctity with j which it has been invested by Lord Beaconsfield, I and in 1853 Mr. Gladstone, in a masterly I speech, moved a resolution in favour of the union of the two Danubian Principalities, con 1 tending then, as he does now, for the territorial integrity of Turkey, but on the practical indepen- dence-what the slang of the day calls autonom)--of such of the Christian populations as were fit for it, under the suzerainty of the Sultan. Lord Palmer- ston replied and defended the Government, Lord Derby being then Prime Minister ; but the most remarkable speech was one made by the then Lord Robert Cecil in support of Mr. Gladstone's resolu- tion, which was answered by Mr. Disraeli, who, "on the ground of high policy," deprecated the adoption of the resolution. As is well known, " the high policy" of the Government was blown to thewincls by the resolution of the Roumanians ; and since then,.' so far. as those provinces are concerned,, wé have not heard á word against the policy advo- cated by Mr. Gladstone on that occasion. In the same spirit, Mr. MacColl reviews the progress of the Eastern .Question, which, like an uncanny ghost, ever and anon lifts appeared to frighten Europe from its propriety, till last autumn the Andrassy note and the Berlin memorandum having failed to satisfy the requirements of the case, Russia proposed coerciou in the shape of an occupation of Bosnia by Austria, of Bulgaria by Russia, and the, entrance "of the united fleets ; of the Powers intoJthe Bosphorus. This, as is matter of history, England refused, but at the same time an armistice between the belli- gerents having been concluded, it was pro- posed to hold a conference at Constantinople to settle the affairs of Turkey. 3*rom this con- ference, asserts Mr. MacColl, a settlement of the -Eastern Question would have arisen, had it not been for the steady resistance of the British Government to coercion in any shape. While all the other Powers were ready to act if England would only join them, . Lord Derby confined himself to the " con- genial task of picking holes in every proposal pre- sented to. him." Once, indeed, towards the end of last September, he allowed. himself to hint at coer I cion; but, says Mr. MacColl, in language more for- cible than diplomatic, "he dropped it like a hot chestnut, and we never hear of it again." As for Lord Salisbury-the same Lord Robert Cecil who had supported Mr. Gladstone nearly twenty years before-lie,- while acting as the representative of Great Britain at the Conference, was, we are told by Mr. MacColl, shamefully treated by Lord Beacons- field. Despatches of the most urgent.character were shown to the Turkish Minister here, and their sub- stance ; telegraphed to Constantinople, " behind Lord Salisbury's back," to the effect that Turkey had nothing to fear from England if she chose to reject the proposals of the Conference. " In short," says Mr. : MacColl, "Lord Salisbury's mission was doomed to failure from the first. It is to Lord Derby, even more than to Midhat Pasha, that the ill success of the Conference must be attributed. It is impossible to read the Blue-books without seeing that if Lord Salisbury had been left to liimself he would have succeeded, without much difficulty, in overcoining the obstinacy of the Porte. But the Grand Vizier declared that he could count upon the assistance of Lord Derby and Lord Beaconsfield." These are hard words to bring against the head of an Administration and his Foreign Minister; but Mr. MacColl declares that to those two statesmen alone the failure of the negotiations and the present deadlock of the Eastern Question are to be ascribed. He does_ not see. why the Conservatives should not settle it just as much as the Liberals ; but, in his opinion,' it will not be settled unless Lord Beacons- field and Lord Derby could be persuaded to take a few weeks' holiday, and"so leave the matter to the rest of the Cabinet, who, as Mr. MacColl says he knows, hold a tone qtdte different from that of the Premier and the Foreign Secretary. According to a Turkish official, the English Government is only a drum, all skin . and wind. According to Mr. MacColl, wo have had too much of such skin-and wind diplomacy, and the time is cornie for a more robust' policy. As he writes his last words, " the air is full of rumours of peace, which alternate with threatenings of war," bur there can' be no peace till coercion is applied to Turkey, in the way . Mr. MaeColl's pet Russia seems likely to apply it. She, too, has had too much of- the game of brag, too much of skin-mid-wind diplomacy,; and is now about to draw the sword in earnest. Even now, if Lord' Derby knew how to use Iiis opportunity he might dictate his own .policy ; but Mr. MacColl thinks he will remain faithful to his policy of "negative criticism and languid inaction."' That policy, Mr. MacColl thinks, . can only ' end in thc very war which Lord Derby. so J deprecates, while an honest adhesion to "Russia would have rendered hostilities impossible, as it would have brought? Turkey on her knees. "If Russia is bent on mischief," says Mr. MacColl in his last sentence,, " certainly Lord Beaconsfield and Lord Derby have played her game with a degree of skill which even General Ignatieff could not have surpassed." And now we have told the world all that Mr. MacColl thinks. He may be right, or he may be wrong ; but, at any ' rate, he has collected his materials laboriously and utters his convictions and conclusions with a boldness which implies that he himself, at all events, hus no doubt of their truth and their importance. n . .': . ANOTHER ACCIDENT AT TUE NEW MUHRAY BRIDGE; -Ou Saturday (says tho Jtkcriiw Herald),- a man named John Toulks, who was employed at tho new Murray, bridge, met with a serious accident. He wás climbing' from, the traveller staging to the top of. ono of the columns of the bridge, .when he 6lipped and fell to the ground," a distance of 15 feet:" HÍ3 right arm was fractured'-by tao' j fill awi hit face was severely contused, .-. *---' -- 