THE GE ACE OP EAITH. ' A SEBMON BY THE LATE REV. DB. GUTHRIE. "Now abicletli faith."-1 Con. xiii. 13. Host thou faith? To this, an apostle's question, all men could, in a sense, return an answer in the affirma "' tire . for it is not moro true that no man liveth and sinnéth not, than that no man liveth and believeth not . or devil either, for " tho devils also believo and tremble." Suppose aman without faith innuy one, without faith in the honesty of his servants, faith in the integrity of his friends, faith in tho aifec .fcions =of 'his children, faith in the fidelity of his wife, .death would bo to be preferred to a life like his. Better 'that our eye3 wore closed in death than thoy should gee. ever}* one with a mask on their face and a dagger beneath ¡their cloak ; with such a jaundiced vision, we should be " of all mon tho most miserable. " On . looking into the matter, you will find that faith, in stead of belonging only to the elect of God, holy and chosen, is common to all, even the worst of men. The backbone, indeed, of the social, and the foundation of the commercial fabric, remove faith between man and man, and society and commerce fall to pieces. There lia not a happy homo on earth but stands on faith; our heads aro pillowed on it ; wo sleep at night in its .arms with greater security for the safety of our lives, .peace, and property, than bolts and bars can give. I, In illustration of the universality of faith ob serve 1\. Faith, which is the sourco of so much human "happiness, is the mainspring of human activity. It moves 'more than half tho machinery of lifo. What bads 'the husbandman, for oxample, to yoke his horses when, no bud bursting to clothe the naked ; . - trees,-no bird singing in hedgerows or frosty skies, «atureseems dead ? With faith in the regularity of .her laws, in the ordinance of her God, he beliovos that tfiheis not dead but sleopeth ; and so ho ploughs and nows in the certain expectation that ho shall reap, and that these baro fields shall be green in summer with waving corn, and be morry in autumn with sun browned reapers. Tho farmer is a man of faith. Sois the-seaman. No bravor man than ho who goes down toisée God's wonders in the doop. Arenturing his frail fcark on a sea ploughed by many keels, but wearing on its bosom the furrows of none, with neither path to .follow nor star to guide, tho master knows no fear. When the last blue hill lias dipped beneath tho wave, And he is alone on a shoreless sea, he is calm and con fident-his faith in the compass- needle, which, how ever his ship maj' turn, or roll, or plunge, ever points true to the north. An examplo his to be followed by the Christian with his Bible, on that faith venturing "his all, life, crew, and cargo, he steers his way boldly through darkest nights and stormiest oceans, with no thingbut a thin plank between him and the grîïve. ' .And though metaphysicians and divines have involved -this matter of faith in mystery, be assured that there is nothing moro needed for your salvation or mine than that God would inspire us with a belief in thc de clarations of his word as real, heartfelt, and practical, as that which wo put in tho laws of providence-in the due return of day and night, summer and win ter, .seed-time and harvest. 2, Thefollowers of the world have faith. For theil' salvation it only ueedB to be rightly and divinely directed. Where will you find it stronger than in iihose who, in spite not only of others' sad experience, \- 'but also of then* own, seek true, lasting happiness in . earthly pleasures? One gourd has perished after ano "ther.; the ground benoath their feet is strewed anide " "-deep with then* withered leaves ; yet see how thoy ' train up another gourd in hope of bettor fortune. Theao.nien might have learned, one would think, that the happiness which they expect from the possession of any earthly object is a delusion. The phantom has ever eluded their grasp ; yet, as it dances on before them, they persevere ; nor cease the vain pursuit, till they stumble into the grave. There ia a faith in the world which no succession of disappointments seems abloto destroy, or even to disturb. It is very sad to \- Beeit ! We have not to go to a heathenholl to see tho Tantalus, who, though he lias always found that so ; Boon as the cup touches his thirsty lips, the water van ishes, yet ever raises it anew ; or the Sisyphus, who, though the stone with sore labour has no sooner been \- rolled to tho brow of thc mountain than it has always . Blipped from his hands and bounded back to tho bot tom, yet begins again, and airain, and again, tho wretched task. This world is thc hell where such tasks are dqne, such disappointments are borne ; and borne often with a patience and an ondurance of faith jn the worldling which almost tempts us to adopt the . language of our Lord, and say, We have not found so groat 'Faith, no, not in Israel ! If surpassed at all, . their faith in the world is only exceeded by that which Job expressed in God, when, from the ashes where he sat over the graves of his children, the patriarch lifted his eyes to heaven, to cry, Though lie slay mc, yet will I trust in him ! . 3. Unbelievers nave raith, notwithstanding that mi aPPears a contradiction in tenus. They present a still moro remarkable and melan choly illustration than tho last, of the fact that faith, though in one and the most important sense a special gift of God, is natural to tho human heart. Many people, for insta- neo, who do not believe in the divinity of tho Bible, will be found giving credit to the ravings mir ^^tehed nonsense of spiritualism, as it is called, ihecredulity of sceptics is quito remarkable j but this isstill moro remarkable, that thousands who are not sceptics, though they withhold their faith from the truths of God's word, put in these old threadbaro lies of the devil-"Thou shalt not surely dio you can ' Bin t°-day and repent to-morrow ; j'ou may turn reli gious at a more convenient season; it will bo time enough to seek another world when this has lost its .V enjoyments; and "tho years draw nigh when thou ç vt Bi$7 * *iave no pl°asure U1 them f the evening ot hfo, like the last quiet hours of day, is best adapted Jor prayer and meditation ; farewell to all enjoyments Bo soon as you allow your attention to be occupied with Buch gloomy Bub jets as death, tho grave, judgment, and eternity; banish your idle fears; God, unlike Jüan dressed in a little brief authority, is much too ißenerous to be an exacting judge, and too merciful to »ea Bevero one ; at any rato, should tho worst como to .*ne.worst, you can reasonably calculate on a season for «epentaaco; and you v. iE find it much easier to attend «> these things when your head is gray, and your pas sons are cooled, and tho night's falling shadows dis-, posejou to solemn thoughts, than it is now. ByBuch «es ns these, tho cunning fiend leads thousands on, Tg> by Btep, to everlasting ruin. And thus, strange « Bound, it is true that it is as much by faith land-that some go to hell, as it is by faith that woe people go to heaven. merefore, ea aman approaching a precipice does/ X*?64 t?,'eet feofc» bufc t0 Bet the feet he has turned. T^J% «>.that every step becomes ono from danger to, »t ia not ao much faith weneed, ns that the faith" W6;have b&aeton; new and right objects, and turnee new and roht direction. "What we need in ordei . to be saved ia the faith that, looking to Jesus, becomei saving faith-and saving becauso it embraces th< baviour : Tvhich has God for its author, Christ for iti object, these other graces for its fruits, and for its ro ward a kingdom and a crown m heaven. This is thi charity 11 Päu1 BayS' Kw al)idefcl1 faitll» hoPe II, Lot us attend to the importance of sound scrip tural news of this matter This was never more necessnry tnnn now. Libertj ot thought, of private judgment, on which our Protest autism stands, is in danger; and in danger from th< conduct of rash and unwise men. Such a calamity threatens it as befell tho cause of civil liberty when the revolutionists of ï'rance, confounding license witt liberty, destroyed everything and built up nothing : and, leaving their country without a government, and by their worship of tho goddess of Reason, I may add, without a God, made the very name of liberty to stink in tho nostrils of the world. Wo aro invited now-a days, to lift those anchors of the faith by which oui fathers rode out many a storm j yet it were well and wiso, before^ doing so, to see into what position we are hkelyto drive. So far as concerns either tho religious or civil condition of those communities from which these novelties in faith and practice have been im ported, I see no reason to envy them ; to copy them ; or to turn a deaf ear to the prophet's warning, Stand ye in the ways, and seo, and nsk for the old paths, where is the good woy, and walk therein, and yo shall find rest for your souls. 4 Men Beek to sooth our very natural alarm by draw ing a^distinction between doctrines and duties, saying that if our life and practice are good, it is a small mat ter what we believe. 'True, and HO if the stream is puro, it is a Hraall matter that tho fountain is pol luted; if tho fruit is good, that the tree is bad; if the vessel is rightly steered, that both compass and chart are wrong. lint whoever hoard of such things ? Who has gathered grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles? How can a man's conduct be riglit if his creed be wrong- wrong, not in its accidents, but in its essence and substance? The Spartans thought theft no crime if secretly committed; and so, that Toeing then; belief, they stole. David Hume thought the samo of adul tery; and so, that being his belief, what hindered him, or now hinders his followers, for such a crime ? The Hindu widow thinks it meritorious to gi%Te herself to the flames which consume the body of her husband; and so, that being her belief, sho mounts the pile and commits suicide. Simon Magus thought that the Holy Ghost might be bought and sold; and so, that being his belief, by the proffer of money he -offered such an insult to God, that Peter indignantly exclaimod, Thy money perish with thee ! Saul of Tarsus thought it was for God's glory that he Bhould persecute the Christians ; and so, that being his belief, he steeled a naturally tender heart to tho claims of pity, and im brued his hands in the blood of martyrs. It is no answer to this to tell us of men, of whom, alas ! there aro too many, who set much value on an orthodox creed, and little on a holy, or even moral life ; who talk much of faith, but aro not careful to maintain good works. What does their caso provo against the importance of sound views on such high subjects as faith, salvation by grace, and redemption through the blood of Christ? It only shows that men may sin against light and conscience-no new thing, nor pecu liar to Christian ages ; since an old heathen has said, "I soe the bettor, and approve; yet follow the worse." III. Salvation through faith, and not through works is a feature peculiar to the gospel. An atheist is a moral monster. Man has fallen, but not so low as to be satisfied with the atheist's cold, and dark, and dreary creed. Recoiling from that, he has erred on the side of a multiplicity of gods. Tho soul craves for a god as the body craves for food. It clings to the thoughts as a creeper to the pole it climbs ; and, rather than his spirit should want such a support, man will catch at the wildest 1 and most childish notions of beings above himself-just as ivy, when it lias not a rock, will embrace a. rotten tree, or as a drowning wretch, for lack of something better, clutches at a straw. So iu tho darkness amid which men were lcd to grope, may be found I know not how many false systems of religion. Some wor ship the serpent, others the crocodile ; here the ox is adored, there the elephant. These Pdrsces, prostrat ing themselves before tho rising sun, worship fire, while those Hindoos, believing its waters to iiossess a virtue capable of washing away sin, account the Ganges sacrod, and regard it as divine. In yonder desert which ho treads with naked foot the savage starts back, with a look and a cry of horror; he has trodden, not on a deadly serpent, but on a poor insect, which, wounded, dying, and all unconscious of the honours paid to it, lie kneels to worship. Nor do tho modes of heathen worship differ less than its objects. The blood of calves reeks on this altar ; the blond of man on that. At the slirine of one divinity they pre sent tho golden fruits of thc earth, and at another the gory spoils of battle. Here, her abode beneath sunny skies, a benevolent deity is worshipped by boys and girls crowned with garlands of beautiful flowers, and dancing to the sounds of music. Another dwells in the recesses of the gloomy forest ; In's tem] »le a circle of rude and roofless stones, and thc offering for Iiis worship a young and lovely maiden, who fills the woods with unavailing shrieks as cruel priests drag her to the altar which she is to dye with blood. "Set, different as these religions are, they have one feature in common. In every case thc worshipper ex pected, by his works, offerings, or sufferings, to be his own Saviour. Asie yon Hindoo, for instance, who has lain for long years on a bed of iron spikes, or held up his arm till it has become rigid and withered like the blasted branch of a living tree, or travels painfully on his knes to tho distant shrine of a favour ite god, why this pain, these horrid, self-inflicted tor tures ? They have one answer; Through these, re proaching our indolence, and apathy,, and self-indul gence, and ready with the men of Tyre and Sidon to ri30 up to condemn many of us in tho dny of judg ment, they expect to purchase pardon and to open the gatos of Paradise. Since men never yet corrupted tho true religion, nor, as you seo in Paganism, invented a false one, but the great, prominent doctrino of their ! creed was salvation through works, the gospel in pro claiming salvation, not through merit, or by works, but by faith, stands out in a character all its own. It is thus as much distinguished from common creeds as was its author, a virein's child, from common men ; and we may apply to his gospel the very words spoken of himself-whether ho spoke peaco to a troubled bosom or to a stormy sea, bade the water turn into wine, or tho dead corpse into life, it could be said of Jesus, Never man spako liko this man. What other religion ever spake such words, offered salvation to the lost on such terms as these-sent forth a cry like that which is echoing from polo to pote and ringing round the world, Ho, overy one that thirsteth, como ye to the waters, and he that hath no money ; come ye, buy, and eat ; yea, come, buy wino and milk with out money and without price: Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou snalt be saved : Como unto me, , all ye ¡that labour and are hea vy laden, and I will giveyoureát : .Not by works of righteousness which W^faavsidono, but weirding to his mercy ho saved us, j bv tlie Washing öf. regeneration and reaewlng-of the 1 Holy Ghost. Blessed sayings' ! -fuithful aa Messed, : they are worthy of all acceptation"! ( rv. Salvation through faith dislodges and ewcepB away all confidence in our works. The'gospel, as I could post clearly show, while resting all on «faith, recognises the importance of good works.; insists ton the performance of them ; and regards them, indeed, as the only trustworthy evidence of conversion " the tree is known by his fruit. " Still it does not re cognise, but sweeps them away as grounds for a sin ner's justification in the sight of God and acquittal at the bar of judgment. V. The practical conclusion is, that while we are to abound in the work of the Lord, and be careful to maintain good works, we are to be not less careful not. to trust in them. The two are quite compatible-in compatible as they seemed to one who, speaking of a distinguished saint, said, I do not understand him; he speaks of his good works as filthy^ rags, yet no man takes such care to cover himself with such rags. How compatible they are, appeared also in that chamber where, while the last hours of faith and piety wera offering the grandest spectacle beneath the sun, a by stander reminded tho dying Christian of tho good that he had done, of his holy, useful, and illustrious life. He bade him cease-saying, I take my good works and my bad works, and, casting them into one heap, turn from both to Christ. Faith in an unseen Saviour is, I admit, not easy It is our nature to walk by sight rather than by faith ; and the gift of God, faith, ÍB acquired "not by might, nor by .power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." A boy once threw himself down from tho upper window of ahouso on fire into hiß father's arms. He did not see him ; from the ledge where, «hesitating to leap, ho stood till it burned beneath his feet, ho saw; only tho smoke rolling between them, pierced - with tongues of Hamo. But up through 1 that suffocating, sulphiu'ous cloud, high above the roar of the rising flames, he heard and recognised his father's voice crying, innrgent, imploring tone, iLeap for your-life! I am below to receive you into my arms. And when, confident in Iiis father s word, and love, and .power,-' he sprang from the height, right into the luria dark noss ; it was a bravo leap - a grand act of faith. Still: he had tho evidence of sound, he heard his father's voice. And yon old man had the evidence of sight, when, taking the babe from Mary's arms into his own, lie bo wed his head, and raising it to heaven, exclaimed, Lord, now lottcst thou thy servant depart in peace, according to thy word:'for mine eyesliave seon thy salvation. Simeon saw the tree in tender shoot; the day in the opening dawn : in the little cloud no bigger than a man's hand tho whole heavens overspread by thickest vapours, and pouring down such rain cn the thirsty ground that streams burst foaming from the hills, and deserts were pools of water. Not so our eyes and cars ! We never saw our Saviour's face; wo never heard our Father's voice. Faith here achieves what in other things would bo impossibilities, and what in earthly affairs would be regarded as the height of rashness. In Jesus Christ, whom having not seen wo love, we believe in one wo never saw; and in our souls we commit the keeping of our most precious treasure to one who dwells in a remote and unknown land -a country from which no traveller has ever returned to assure us that his trust was not, and that ours will not, be misplaced. Yet blessed aro thoy that have not seen and yet have believed. The seen are shadows ; the substance is found in the unseen. These are the most rear ob jects-God, whom no man ever saw and lived ; the soul, which does not grow infirm with time and defies the sharpest darts of death ; not this world of matter, which shall vanish in the smoke of its own funereal fires, but that world of spirits, where saints enjoy a' glory that never fades and crowns that never fall, and sinners suffer the worm that never dies and the fire that is never quenched. Nb doubt, in Christ the foundation of our faith is unseen:; but so is that of yonder tower that lifts its tall erect form among the waves over which it throws a sa ving light. It appeal's to rest on the rolling billows : but beneath these, in visible and immovable, lies the solid rock on which it stands secure ; and when the hurricane roars above, and when thc hurricane roars below, and ships are wreck ing, and men are drowning, and women are weeping, I could go calmly to sleep iu that lone sea-tower. Founded on a rock, and safer than the -proudest palace that stands on the sandy, surf- beaten shore, it cannot be moved. Still less tho Kock of AgeB ! Who. trusts in that is fit for death, prepared for judgment, ready for tho last day's sounding trumpet, spice thc Lord rcdecnieth the soul of his servants ; and none of them that trust in him shall bo desolate. Happy is thc people that is in such a case ; yea, happy is that people whoso God is the Lord. 