THE MAGDALEN ASYLUM. BY A VAGABOND. The social evil is, I believe, as strong in Melbourne as in any city of the world, and it is flaunted boldly and shamelessly in the face of society. Added to this there is a general public immorality as glaring as that of Paris under the Empire, without the refinement of French vice. For graver sins the coroners and members of the medical profession can vouch. Human nature seems particularly strong in Aus- tralia, and respectable society is full of whited sepulchres. In a lower social stage there is not even a pretence of keeping virtuous. Girls "go wrong" with their eyes open, and it is useless to gush over them. Some time back I wrote —"The state of morality amongst the work- ing girls in Melbourne is worse than in Paris, and they commence their downward career earlier. Workroom and shop recruit the ranks of the unfortunate. Work makes the hands black, and does not always keep the reputation white. They are led astray by a love of fine clothes and admiration, coupled with early de- veloped strong passions, and their fall is not purified by the ghost of love—love which is the essence of the life of a grisette. The Mel- bourne Magdalene goes her way wilfully and of her own accord. She has no shame in her wrongdoing, and false sentimentality should not be wasted upon her." I do not see any reason to alter this statement. But immorality alone does not make what is generally known as a "fallen woman." I know that very good people, principally those of milk-and-water temperaments, hold that the slightest discovered breach of society's moral code make a woman "fallen," and one to be shunned by her sex and socially outlawed. Man does not usually condemn the offender; woman alone, forget- ing what was written by His finger on the dust of the temple pavement, casts stones at her erring sister. And this want of charity too often drives a weak girl into the ranks of the unfortunate and the outcast. Man's wayward passion may bring some to ruin, but woman's anger and venom too often complete the work. A strange instance of this came under my notice the other night. I was wandering late in West Melbourne, when I was accosted in the dreary gay tones of a female outcast. Men of the world are used to this sort of thing; it neither shocks nor surprises us, and I was passing without heed, when the gleams of the gas lamp fell upon the face of the speaker I was certainly startled, for a counten- ance picturing such young, innocent purity, I have seldom seen. "How long have you been at this game, my child?"' "Three days, sir," was the answer. "And do you know what this will end in ; have you no idea of anything better for your life than this?" I asked. The girl burst out cry- ing—"Oh God! I wish I was dead, sir, Oh! if I could only get something to do. But my mother turned me out of doors, and I had to come to the streets." The grief seemed genuine, and it touched me. I felt charitable, and inclined to play the Samaritan. The girl's story was soon told. She had been a barmaid, had been tempted, and had yielded to tempta- tion ; the child was dead, but her mother, enraged by neighbours' sneers, had turned her out of doors. She was not what proper people would call a good girl, nor par- ticularly clear on the moral code, but her true womanly instinct, not yet lost, revolted at the abominations of her trade. "Oh! if I could only get a situation, and get away from this sort of life," sobbed the girl. Worldly wisdom suggested to me that this very likely was "a put-up game," and that I was a fool to waste my time listening to the plaints of a young hussy. But Bourbon whisky, warming the cockles of my heart, told me that the story might be true, and that as a "Vagabond" I was bound to test it. I took out my notebook and wrote down the address of her mother, and promised the girl that if what she said was true I would get her a situation. Through the kindness of the public in buy- ing up the first series of The Vagabond Papers I had a few shillings in my pocket, so giving the girl money, I told her to go to her lodgings, and stop there till she heard from me. "If you go outside the door, or don't keep quite straight, I shall hear of it, and nothing will be done for you," said I, austerely. "I'm only too glad to keep off the streets, sir. Are you a magistrate, sir?" I intimated in a severe tone that I was some- thing in that line, and the girl crept away to her dismal lodging, whilst I walked towards the Eastern-hill, thinking what a particularly thundering fool I was, and vowing in the future not to take more than five glasses of Bourbon after dining at the White Hart. I woke in the morning with a headache, and a disagreeable impression that I had undertaken a duty. (I hate duties!) Like the Rev. Julian Gray, I had a new Mag- dalene on my hands. Mine, however, was not repentant, in the religious sense, and she was not interesting and accomplished like Mercy Merrick. She, although pretty, was simply a foolish child, not depraved at heart as yet, a type of hun- dreds going to the bad in Melbourne. "Bother the girl," I said whilst dressing, "why couldn't she keep out of my way?" However, I had passed my word, and I was curious to see if her tale was true, so I called at her mother's address. It was quite correct; the mother was a "respectable" woman keeping a shop. Yes, her daugh- ter had "gone wrong," and the neigh- bours talked about it. Her presence at home was a disgrace, and there was a young sister growing up. It is true they had a row, and she told Annie to clear out. She could not be disgraced with her in the house any longer. She had made her bed, and must lie in it. Thus said the mother. I spoke a few plain truths to that lady, which I am afraid only made her more bitter against her daughter. "I suppose you're one of her gentlemen come here to gammon me to keep her for you," said the woman firing up. Indignant I left, but a few moments after I had a hearty laugh at my own foolishness, and I felt that I deserved all I got. "Whatever foolish people may say I must keep my own self-respect in this case," said I, and so I enlisted the services of a good charitable lady, a friend of mine, to call on my new protégée. She went, and came back highly indignant. The girl was a wicked little thing, she wasn't penitent a bit, and wouldn't listen to any prayers. "She got quite impertinent at last, and said she was only civil because she thought I was your mother, Mr. Vagabond." Here was a pretty state of things. My new Magdalene was going it with a vengeance. "I wouldn't trouble my head about it any more," said Mrs. ——. "Madame," said I, "you know me. I'm a particularly bad egg. I drink, and smoke, and go down the bay on a Sunday ; I've no moral nor character, nary shred. Vide the religious newspapers. I'm a champion liar. I can look any one clean in the eyes, and deny him ten times thrice, and nothing brings compunction to me. But I never yet promised a thing to man or woman and broke my word. I'm going to get that girl a situation, though I wish she was at the bottom of the Red Sea." Follow- ing out this line, I had to make influence amongst my connexions. I have an extensive acquaintance, from the highest in the land to a convicted thief in Little Bourke-street. I set to work, and in two days got a situa- tion as waitress and barmaid at a country tavern for my protégée. I went and saw the mother again, and persuaded her to give her daughter a small outfit, and see her off by the train. This is some weeks back, and I hear the girl is doing well and giving satis- faction, and she may live to be a happy wife and mother. I never saw her after the first time I met her, and hope I shall never hear of her again, as I find the new Magdalene of fact remarkably troublesome. Why spin this long tedious yarn? Well, only to show how the forces of society work against the weak, and as an example of how many stray ones there are, who, with a little charitable feeling, may be kept from sinking lower, and, warned by the past may keep straight in future. For the few days that I had this girl on my mind, I had thought of persuading her to go to the Mag- dalen Asylum. I did not know anything about that institution, although from the lady superior, Miss Curtain, I had received a very kind invitation (which I did not deserve) to visit it. But I concluded rightly that it must be intended for the reception of women fallen to the very lowest depths, whom a long course of discipline and work would alone reclaim to the right path, and make useful members of society. There are grada- tions even in vice, and such a girl as the one I have described would have been de- graded and made worse by association with the female ghouls of Little Bourke-street and its purlieus. These latter are a great sore, scandal, and evil to society, and if they can be aroused to repentance and reform, a moral and social benefit will be effected. This entirely apart from the religious question. I was satisfied in my own mind that the Magdalen Asylum at Abbots- ford, under the direction of the nuns of the Good Shepherd, was doing good work; although I have heard of wealthy bigots who refuse to give subscriptions to the institution because "it is conducted by Roman Catholics." I think the readers of The Argus are well satisfied that I am no friend to the Church of Rome, and that any compliments I may pay to the nuns at Abbotsford are forced from me by admiration of the true spirit of Christian charity with which they go about their work. To me it matters not if they are Catholics, Jews, infidels, or heretics. To comfort the sick, to raise up the fallen, are Heaven-ordained duties superior to all petty distinctions of sect or creed. If people would only bear this in mind, the world would be happier and better. It was with this thought in my heart that the other afternoon I took cab to Abbotsford. I suppose this was originally christened by some "kindly Scot" anxious to perpetuate under the Southern Cross memories of the Wizard of the North. The Convent of the Good Shepherd is situated on the south side of Johnston-street, the Yarra forming an irregular boundary around two sides, it being walled in on the others. Knocking at the door, the little-barred window therein is opened, and a female face, bandaged and hooded in white serge , appears thereat. "Can I see Miss Curtain?" I ask. "Who is that?" "Miss Curtain." "Do you mean the reverend mother?" Re- proved, I confess that I wish to see the "reverend mother," and I am at once admitted. My first glance is towards the door. I see that inside it is not locked, and that it is possible during the day for any one to get out without troubling the sister who acts as janitor, and that in this respect liberty of action is not controlled. Many good Protestants believe that a con- vent is a place of locks and bolts and bars, of oubliettes and dreary cells ; of fasting, pen- ance, and mortification, varied occasionally by a little active immorality—for there are people who credit the abominable lies of "Maria Monk" and the "Baron de Camin." On the Continent, I have seen nunneries which outwardly might come up to the popu- lar idea, but the high walls and many locks were, I believe, principally designed to keep out intruders. At Abbotsford, however, all these ideas are upset. The convent proper is merely a spacious one-storied wooden cot- tage, with a broad verandah running around two sides. All the rooms are furnished with french windows, which are used as en- trances, and through one of these I am shown into the convent reception room. I send a card inscribed "The Vagabond " to the reverend mother, and await her coming. The room is neatly furnished, with nothing except the extreme neatness and primness and the religious pictures to distinguish it from an ordinary citizen's. The chromos on the walls are good, but the oil paintings are not of the highest order of art. I afterwards hear that they are painted by one of the sisters, and I give her every credit for her en- deavours. Looking out of the window beyond the well-kept gravel path I see the garden slopes gently down to the river, the wooded heights of Studley-park on the other side confining the view, and giving an air of seclusion to the place. But I have not long to wait. The door opens, and two ladies enter, attired, like the portress, in long robes of white serge, and hoods and bandages of the same material. There is nothing in dress to distinguish the superioress from an ordinary sister. Falling from the throat they all wear a broad white serge band, underneath which they can incessantly tell their beads without ostentatious display. They all have hung round the neck a chased silver locket, heart- shaped, and bearing the monogram V.J.M., which I afterwards found means "Vive Jesu et Marie!" This is the password of the order, it having been founded in France. From the waist, beads and an ivory cross are hung. Emphatically an ugly dress, one to disguise all beauties of youth, feature, or form. The age of each individual wearer has to be guessed at. The first lady bows to me, "Miss Curtain —the reverend mother I mean?" queries I. "Yes. And you? I do not know your name, but this is quite sufficient." Bowing to the other and younger lady, I draw up my chair, and we sit down. Some people may imagine I would be embarrassed at finding myself in such society. I acknow- ledge that I am not used to talk to nuns, and I do not know what gossip is acceptable in a convent. But we soon get along very well together. I explain that I want to see the institution, and that, although a depraved heretic, I have an interest in social reforms. "Yes," says the reverend mother, smiling gravely upon me, "we know you very well ; you are very fond of writ- ing in The Argus." I admit the fact, and the lady, who speaks with a charm- ing accent, the faintest soupçon of Irish brogue with a French veneer, expresses the pleasure they would feel in showing me everything. "We are always glad to see visitors, and let them judge for themselves." said she. After a little more ordinary con- versation we start out, and proceed along the path to some dismal blue-stone buildings, separated from the convent by a low, broken- down wooden paling. These are the wards of the Magdalen Asylum. We first enter a yard where a shed is being erected, to be used as a temporary refectory, the present one not being half large enough for the requirements of the establishment. Next there is a room devoted to mangling and folding washed clothes, the principal in- dustry here being laundry work. From this we proceed to the ironing room, a particu- larly hot place on a summer's day, where I see men's shirts and mysterious female garments, shining with a white brilliancy equal to the work turned out by the Chinamen from the Contra Costa laundry at San Francisco. The linen here, however, is not marked by the laundresses as in California, the only draw- back there being that your name is printed on your shirts in Chinese characters, and the heathen may take all sorts of liberties with your patronymic. From the ironing room we pass into the washing room, where the hot water ia supplied from a large boiler. In all these rooms I see "penitent fallen women" working under the eyes and superintendence of a few nuns. Their dress is of the plainest, any attempt at personal adornment being apparently dis- couraged. They are of all ages, but the majority are old women. On some there is a settled look of despair and discontent ; they have not yet found peace. Others, and especially the younger ones, looked cheerful, happy, and contented with their lot. Except during the hour of silence, they sing at their work, French chansons and Welsh odes being heard ; for many nationalities are gathered here, and many creeds, for it is the boast of the good nuns that they open their gates freely to women of all denominations. The reverend mother tells me they will not at- tempt to influence the religious faith of any penitent, they will not press them to go to chapel, or ask them to read religious works. If they did proselytise, I, for one, should hold them blameless. The fallen woman, rescued and reformed by Catholic hands, is likely, logically, to embrace that faith. Amongst these women there are to be seen many with a collar round their necks embroidered with the motto "Marie ist ma mere " These are called "children of Mary," and are those who have specially dis- tinguished themselves by their good conduct and have devoted themselves to a life of re- pentance. A higher stage is when they be- come, with the aid of Holy Church, conse- crated penitents, being a sort of lay sister- hood. These wear a black dress and stiff white cap, and have, I presume, some slight authority over new comers. We inspect a hot-air dryingroom, to be used in wet weather, but now the clothes are all hung out in the yard. There we see the little gasometer and retort which supplies the institution with gas. This is entirely managed by one of the children of Mary, and I am told that the cost is very trifling. Then upstairs we march through rows of dor mitories, spotlessly clean, but very crowded. In a room attached to each ward one or two Sisters sleep. Night and day the penitents are watched and cared for. Everywhere there are little altars, and figures of the Blessed Virgin, to whom these fallen ones pray for grace to reseist temptation. Down stairs again, we pass into the workrooms, where all the clothes, including the shoes, used by every one in the institution, from the reverend mother to the latest penitent, are made. Sisters are in charge of the different depart- ments, and when we enter the workers all rise with respect. I question Miss Curtain as to the inmates. There are at present 136 in the asylum, some of whom have been there for many years. Last year the total number received was 244. Of these, 48 were placed in service or restored to their friends. Others were discharged for misconduct, or sent to the hospital, and five died. The receipts from all sources, including the Parliamentary grant of £950, and £2,045 re- alised by the penitents' labour, were £4,807. The expenditure was £5,400, or not £25 per capita. Over £860 was expended in building repairs, fittings, and furniture. New build- ings are, in fact, sadly needed for the health and comfort of the inmates. The only thing requisite to obtain admission is an acknowledgement of penitence, and an agreement to abide by the rules of the insti- tution, Any poor woman knocking at the door can, if there is room, be admitted on these terms. Some come here in this man- ner, others are sent by the worthy Catholic ladies who visit the hospitals. Many of the old women here cannot properly be said to now come under the scope of this institution. They are ruined it may be by indulgence in strong drink; and are only fit for some such place as the Benevolent Asylum. But as the reverend mother says, "We cannot turn them into the streets to starve." Work and prayer are the means used to bring fallen ones to repentance. They work hard, which keeps down the devil, and pray some, which arouses softer feelings in their hearts. But they are fed well, and have their hours of ease and relaxation, when they can take exercise in the paddock, or read the good books provided for them. It is a dis- cipline, and a hard one, perchance—one likely to test the true repentance of any penitent. Every inmate has to remain in the institution for a certain length of time, and fully satisfy the nuns of her reform before she is recommended for a situation. But this discipline is softened by the kind womanly sympathy of the nuns, who look on the fallen ones not as lost souls, but as strayed sheep whom it is their duty and pleasure to gather to the fold of the Good Shepherd, for here and hereafter. Leaving the asylum, which is kept by strict moral boundaries from the other parts of the convent, we visit the church dedicated to the "Immaculate Conception." This is divided into four parts. In the central nave the nuns worship. On one side, partitioned off by a wooden screen, the inmates of the Magdalen Asylum sit. Opposite, also divided from the space allotted to the nuns, the general public are admitted. Above this there is a gallery for children. It is a pretty little church, nothing, however, very striking about it. A nun is praying kneeling on the bare stone, and in the vestry we find another Sister. Here, framed, is a diploma or cer- tificate from the Collegio Romano della Propaganda Fede, the head quarters of the Catholic missions, where men are taught all living tongues, and from whence they sally forth and spread over the face of all the earth, preaching a kingdom not of this world, and carrying the cross of Christ where the soldiers of the flesh dare not penetrate. I admit this fact, although as a scoffer I say cui bono! One thing, however, I know—the followers of S. Francis Xavier and Ignatius Loyola have not the nice times of it which fall to the lot of many of my friends of the numerous evan- gelical London foreign missions. From the church we go into the schoolroom. There are now 238 Catholic children in the insti- tution being sent from the state Industrial and Reformatory Schools, and some few by their parents. The Government pays 5s. a week for each child, but to obtain this the nuns must show that they ex- pend 7s. 6d. The difference is made up by donations from the charitable. The children are of all ages, from infancy to adolescence. The Industrial and Reforma- tory children are separated, and all strictly kept from communication with the "peni- tents" of the Magdalen Asylum. The elder girls are in working rooms, some doing needlework, others assisting in the kitchen and about household work. They are well trained by the Sisters, and when of sufficient age, readily find employment as domestic ser- vants. In the schoolroom we find all the younger children assembled. Some are sew. ing, the very little ones only nurse dolls. As we enter they are singing what at first I thought was a hymn, but it turns out to be a nursery rhyme. The little ones highly enjoy the fun, and the reverend mother and the sister accompanying her smile their acknowledgements to the bobs and looks of recognition given them. Sister is evidently particularly fond of children, and it is very evident that the rule here is one of love. Upstairs we visit the dormitories ; from these the children can obtain admission into the church gallery. Downstairs we see the children's refectory, and the kitchen, in which jam-making, on an extensive scale, is going on, which promises hopefully for the future material wants of the little ones. Then we pass into the bakery and store. I taste the bread, which is very good, and see the mystic wafer in its initial state, Nuns are working in every place, and cleanliness and order is visible every- where. The school buildings are close to the Sisters' quarters. As we walk around the verandah the reverend mother shows me the dwellingrooms of the nuns. The "commu- nity room" is simply a nice diningroom. It contains an old Broadwood's piano, and a photograph of the parent convent Du Bon Pasteur, at Angers, in France. Here the late and present reverend mother were reared, and came out to Australia to establish the existing institution. The order espe- cially devotes itself to the care and education of children. It has branches in every part of the world—in the Fifth Avenue, New York, close to the new St Patrick's Cathe- dral, there being a very large establish- ment belonging to this order. It is what is commonly known as an "enclosed order," the nuns from the time of their profession never leaving the convent grounds, unless by a dispensation to found new branches. In a corner of the grounds I am shown a little cemetery, where seven Sisters lie buried—all those who have died since this place was founded in 1863. In death, as well as in life, they must remain here. Their only bonds are moral ones, for anyone wanting to leave could walk out of the front gate at any hour of the day. The whole ques- tion of conventual seclusion has been argued so often that I doubt if I can say anything new on the subject. Of course, I object to it. I object to anyone making or incurring solemn and binding obligations in their youth which in after years they might think fit to break. Such a course infringes that personal freedom, which so long as it does not interfere with anyone else, I hold is the right of every one. I would not object to any ladies, and especially in the old world, where there is such a disproportion in the sexes, shutting themselves up and praying or work, ing—it is the sacrifice of youth which I dis- like. Quien sabe! Perhaps many of them, both for here and hereafter, are doing better work than if out in the world following the devices of their vain sisters. I take the convent at Abbotsford as it is, and I am bound to say that all the Sisters I met seemed , cheerful, happy, and contented. There are at present 37 nuns in the institution and they really have a vast amount of work to do. "We want a few more Sisters," said the reverend mother. "We do not object to the work, but as nuns we want time to pray, and we have not sufficient now." I thinking to myself that these good ladies are praying best by their works. I have an idea that at the finish deeds will count far more than prayers. After leaving the community, room, we inspect the surgery, and then visit the garden. Out of this there is the farm-yard, where we find in the stalls a dozen patient kine, being milked by a sister, whose costume looks rather incongruous, who has charge of this de- partment, A half-caste girl from the re- formatory is sweeping up the place. In the styes we see some fine black Berkshire pigs, and a brown retriever, which welcomes us makes it appear more homelike. Near here are the cottages of the gardeners who live on the premises. There are four male servants, three gardeners, and the man who drives the laundry van. These have all been in the convent service for some years. The reverend mother and Sister —— kindly walk with me around the pleasant gardens, which are chiefly devoted to the culture of useful vegetables. A quantity of lucerne and maize is also grown for the cattle. Here there are some fine mulberry trees, the luscious fruit of which ia being picked by a number of the children, who, I have no doubt, relish the employment. This is for jam-making purposes. Nuns have always been renowned as makers of excellent conserves and simples ; indeed, there is a cunning medicine, originally com- pounded by them, called Chartreuse, which has a world-wide reputation. So I have no doubt capital jam is made at Abbotsford. In the garden we come upon a little grove of willows, circling an open space where formerly a fountain played, Here, however, now rises the gentle image of the Mother of Heaven. In the garden the useful has not been sacrificed to the ornamental, but there are some fine geranium and rose bushes, and I am honoured by having a bouquet for my buttonhole picked for me by Sister ——, under the rev. mother's instructions. These ladies are really so good and kind to me that I am afraid they will have to do some penance for it hereafter. In my day I have tasted all the sweets of success and popularity. In the old world and the new I have been feasted and fêted, but I consider the greatest compliment ever paid me was by the reverend mother, when she said, "We always look at The Argus on a Satur- day to see your writings, and we think you have done a great deal of good." This was heaping coals of fire on my head with a vengeance, I am glad that my whole impressions of Abbotsford are favourable, so that I am not forced to hurt their feelings. Refreshed by kindly hospitably, displayed in the form of cake and wine, I hold pleasant converse with these ladies for some time, they displaying a not unfeminine interest in the affairs of the outside world. At parting I amuse the reverend mother by asking if they are allowed to shake hands with me, and I leave thoroughly pleased with my long visit, chastened by converse with two pure ladies, and satisfied that really good work is being done by the nuns of the Good Shep- herd." They are reclaiming the lowest and worst kind of outcasts, the old miserable "maneaters" of society. As regards other unfortunates, gradually sinking through the depths, charity displayed in time may prevent their falling so low as as to make it necessary for them to lose their last atom of self-respect by associating with the fallen ones at Abbots- ford. If you can reclaim the new Magdalen without publicly proclaiming her shame, so much the better, but where that is not pos- sible, this asylum steps in, and the work being done there deserves and requires the sym- pathy and support of all classes and all creeds in Victoria. 