OPEN CCXTJMN. (To the Editor of the Pastoral Times). Dear Sir,—The people of Moauia, when they call Mr. Barbour the poor man's friend, forget that lie has never been true to that character. Tills election a banquet was got up to throw dust in the labourers' eyes, just as if those who laboured for Mr. Barbour were Fortunes favourite's in meeting with such a master, but do they quite fureet what a Moama uian testified when last he was put up for this electorate ; if so, I will remind them bj reproducing the article sent by a labourer to the Pastoral Times, January 2, 1875, for the public benefit, if you will afford me space in you Open Column : —" I perceive that Mr. liarbour has been before the electors of Oeuiliquin on the nomination d»y, and that he treated them to tlie usual amount of ' cheek ' which has been his chief s^ock-in-trade for many a long day. How a man that has never done anything for the public csn now stand forward, and say that he is. willing to devote himself to the public service, free of all charge, gratis, and for nothing, sensible men cannot understand. The number of your journal, containing an account of an action tried at Deniliquin, on Saturday, the 19ih December, in which Mr. Barbour was sued for €10 Is 6il, a debt incurned on his behalf by his superintendent Mr. Fitty, who haB been with Mr. Barbour on the Murray for many years. While Mr, Barbour was away in India, Mr. Pitty looked after his employer's affairs enjoying his confidence, paying and receiving money for Mr. Barbour. Now, let us look carefully into this burial business, because it clearly illustrates the character, habits, and dealings of Mr. Barbour, and when the electors have read what I say (which is true), let them ask themselves if Mr. Barbour is a fit and proper person to fill the honourable position of a representative in Parliament ? The poor man named Gee had also been many years iu Mr. Barbour's employ ; he was one of those quiet trustworthy men that one like Mr, Bsrbour loves to get hold of. Gee was honest as the day, and pianic as clay itself. When Mr. Bar bour rushed Baratia run, and selected on it as a man bent on trying to ruin the lessee of the run, he chose Frederick Gee as One of his dummies, Mr. BurDour having taken seventeen selections up in one d«y. The unfortunate man Gee went to Deniliquin at the proper time to make the necessary declaration that he had resided on his selection, and then transferred it by deed to his master (Mr. Barbour). This was the last aet of poor Gee iu this world, for the poor fellow, in driving home Mr. Barbour's diay, was drowned near Deniliquin in a waterhole. After bis body was found (the horses were drowned too), an inquest was held on the body. Mr. Barboui's superintendent, Mr. Josiah Pi:ty, attended, and ordered Mr. H. Hunter, the plaintiff iu the action, to decently bury the remains and send thebill to Mr. Barbour, which was done, and which Mr. B.iroour forthwith repudiated. Hence the action. Can it be believed that onr honourable candidate denird his legal liability—that is, hi? swore that his super Mr. Pitty hail not any authority to give the order for burying poor Gee, although he had petished in his (Mr Barbour'.s) employ, and his last aet was to assign the selection to Mr Barbour, who still retains the allotment. In the face of this swearing of Mr. Barbour's the judge (Francis) could only give a legal verdict for Mr Barbour. Now I contend that if Mr Barbour had done nothing worse than thisiu the electorate, he has thoroughly unfitted himself for becoming our representative. Is it of such stuff as is Mr. Barbour that our member of Parliament is made of ? This act is worthy of the man, and the man is worthy of the act. I would wager that no other man iu the district would have acted thus. No poor man would let his mate or his man lie thus buiried at the expense of the undertaker. But our lion, candidate will do anything of this kind. Where are the dead man's wages ? Mr. Barbour always manages to owe his men money—he is for ever boirowinp, which, as Jack Falstaff said is pi. a-ant enough, "but paying back, you know, ' «» Fiilsmff said, is "doub'e trouble." When t .cn Mr Barbour talks of spending all his time as our representative at' his owu expense, he talks nonsense. He can't afford to pay his expenses. Does lie think that the Sydney people will take his past dated cheques T An amusing incident has just happened iu regard to one of these post dated cheques of Mr. Barbour's. He had given one to an inhabitant of Alathoura for £50, which was duly sent to the batik on which it was drawn ; the clerk of the bank took it, and not looking at. the date, entered it as if it had been pro|>erly dated. For this oversight the clerk got discharged or suspended (one or the other). ".I ask the electors, is it such a roan we should send lo Parliament? Is be likely to do credit to our choice? Is the conetituenr.y likely lo benefit by hia hibours there ? Will be carry any weight in the house ? Ought we to prefer hitu to one who bus been a tried until, who is honourable iu all bis dealings, and wbo will stand up before the electors and challenge them to point out a single pledge that he had given and that he had not redeemed } Snuie of the selectors say here that tliov want a change —but is not Mr. Barbour a change for the worse ? If we selectors want to measure swords with the pquaiters, tben let us' put forward a bona fide selector; one of our hard-working, haid- headed, but hououralile selves, and not a man like Mr. Barbour, who brings us as a class into disrepute, by pretending to helii our buttles while he i» only trying to promote bis selfish ends in securing a revocation uf the Murruy Timber Reserves; after securing thi>, the selectors, their wives, and their children, inny follow poor Gee for aught that Mr. Burbour cares, fur he would (politically) sell thrm while they are living, and refuse to bury them when dead. Surely the ghost of poor See will follow Barbour and will appear against him at the bar of the Assembly when Barbour gets there. If ghosts could talk—anu Sliakesprare makes the ghost of Ham let's father speak —the spirit of Gee would appear and sny : — When Kobert Barbour shouts for liberty, Humanity will rise and thunder ' GEE 1' and the electors of the Murray should ssy ' Amen.' " Now, Sir, after refreshing your memory with these facts, I would like to know if any change has taken place iu this man since last be sought to be elected here. Can anyone point out any one good thing that he has done in this district, aDd if not, why should he expect our support ? Ask any of his workmen if be is a more liberal master now than heWRB in 1875? His name is as well-known in Enhucaaa here, and never (except just now, while foHxling is the order of the day) do you hear his praise sounded anywhere. The Ethiopian does not change hiB skin, nor will Mr. Barbour change his nature. Self is bis deity, nnd but for selfish motives he does not want to be a member. Letbim get the Murray 