CITY FINANCE. The Financial Condition of the Sydney Munici- j tality. — A meeting was held at the Town-hall, on Tuesday, for the purpose of taking into consideration the present financial condition and the future requirements of the City Corporation. His Worship the Mayor occupied the chair ; and there were present Sir John Robertson, Messrs. G. R. Dibbs, J. Davies, J. Macintosh, A. Cameron, A. Stuart, H. C. Dangar, M.L.A.s, Aldermen Palmer, Moore, Young, Kippax, Maze, O'Connor, Harris, Field, Green, and Chapman, and the ; City Treasurer. The Mayor said the Council had taken the liberty of in viting those present to a meeting in order to lay before them a statement showing the present financial position of the Corporation. The matter had been before the Government :mu l urjiaiiitiiL lor mu lasi isuveaieuu years, anu (luring mat time no bill to assist the Corporation was introducedor passed ! into law. Their income for the present year was £57,000, 1 and the yearly expenditure for lighting, interest, office, and working expenses will be probably about £23,100, leaving a balance of £33,900, of which about £12,500 will be required j for cleansing the thoroughfares and the removal of house j refuse, so that the amount for forming and repairing the ! fticets and general improvements would be reduced to about £21,000. They were thus unable to meet the necessary expenditure, and could not help getting into debt, and they had had continually to go begging to the manager of the Union B;nk to let them have an overdraft. They had found that bank a very good friend, for they had let them have an overdraft of £70,000 without any security. (Sir John Robertson: What interest do you piy ?) They paid 8 per cent. Nothing short of £11)0,000 per annum would enable them to carry on the works of this city. They wanted to be dealt with in the same way as other cities in other colonies were dealt with — to have power to levy lighting rates, and the publicans' licenses, and rates from public buildings. They also asked for power to impose a wheel-tax, and for the endowment of £10,000 per annum. He was aware that beggars could not be choosers, and although they asked these things, they must leave it entirely to the wisdom and the liberality of Parliament. They paid 6 per cent, on the debentures, and 8 per cent, on the overdraft. The whole of their borrowing powers had been exhausted. On the Sydney Common fund they had a total debt of £31,000. On the Prince Alfred Park the debt was £17,830. — Mr. Stuart said that supposing the Government to be in a position to improve the municipal income, the Corporation would still be in the painful position of being smothered by the city debt. He maintained that the Corporation had a great cause of justice on their side, and would advise them, instead of going cap-in-hand to the Government — for, in that position, they would not get justice— to set up their just claims in Parliament on the ground that other municipalities received assistance, which they did not. If other municipalities had been rightly treated in the matter of endowment, and received, in the aggregate, £60,000 or £70,000 a year, then, surely, the great city of Sydney, with its 80,000 or 90,000 people, had as good a right as they to consideration in the same direction. The right was identical in both cases, and the Sydney Corporation ought to have reiterated their rights, and not asked charity as a beggar. He fancied it would be found that the city property was undertaxed as compared with that of Melbourne and Ade laide, but as regarded publicans' licenses, he should be sorry to see the Coporation receive the fees for them. — Sir John Robertson said that if the Corporation wanted to avoid going to the Parliament, for heaven's sake do not let it go with the object of having its debt wiped out ; if it did, perhaps it would be asked to give up the water reserve, which he thought worth the whole of the city debt. He was of opinion that the Corporation ought to set up a staffer hack in the matter, and that it might fairly ask for a bill giving it an endowment similar to that accorded to other municipalities ; if it got that it ought to be contented. —Mr. Dibbs believed that, if the fee-simple of the water reserve were handed over to the Corporation, it would have an excellent security for borrowing money at four or five per cent. He believed in dealing with the matter as a whole; but, knowing the wonderful talking powere of the Legislature, there was, to his mini not a ghost of a chance of getting a complicated bill passed during the existence of the present Parliament. Leaving out the publicans' licenses altogether, he thought he saw the way, by the means he had mentioned, for the Corporation to raise their present reveaue to £120,000 per annum. If, however, the Council wasted justice done to the ratepayers, they must put their shoulders to 'tie wheel, and if the citizens wanted proper sewerage, good pavements, ? and roads, and a magnificent town-hall to meet in— as they ought to have — they must be prepared to pay, by increased rutes, their fair share of the cost of such advantages. He did not think the city atpresent overburdened with taxation, but believed that, if there was improved assessment by scientific valuators, the revenue of the city might fairly be ' increased by £50,000. That would tide it over its present difficulties until a new municipal bill could be passed by a new Parliament. — Mr. Cameron said there could be no increased endowment without a new bill, and he ' hoped that would be provided for eventually, and country members deal with it on the broad basis that it affected the colony generally, and under the' belief that the Corporation bad a perfect right to the con-' sideration of Pailiament — Alderman Moore said he believed that money could be raised for the Corporation if it had the' power to deal with licenses in connection with the Transit-' Commissioners. He would make drapers, butchers, and other merchants pay licenses in the same manner as hawkers and draymen ; by doing so £10,000 a year would be raised without any objections. — Mr. Dangar believed that the Corporation should 'be relieved of its incubus of debt, be cause it was a farce to keep it up, seeing that they could not pay the interest on it. As a matter of temporary relief it appeal ed to him a very simple process to increase their revenue to the required amount by asking Parliament for power to impose lighting and paving rates, and for a reason able endowment. — Alderman Davies said he had asked a question of the Government, and had been informed that it was not their intention to introduce a bill until the next session of Parliament. The question now was whether they should ask Sir John Robertson to go on with his bill this session, or wait until the next session. — Sir John Robertson thought it would be exceedingly un wise for him to take charge of the bill to deal with the Cor porate n affairs, as it might be looked upon as an intention to humble tbe Government. If any other city member would do it, it would be more likely to go down. He did not see why it should not be dealt with this session. — Alder- man Macintosh remarked that the indebtedness of the city 011 water and sewerage was incurred prior to the incorpora ticn of the city. The Council held that if they are to be held now to liquidate their responsibilities they ought to have been aimed with powers to have enabled them to have collected a fund sufficient for the purpose; and it could hardly now be just to be retrospective in increasing the rates for the future, to carry out new works, pay for management, and repay the old debt which a former 'generation had had the benefit of. — Alderman Young moved, — 'That the city members should urge upon the Government the necessity for introducing a measure to enforce a lighting rate to the extent of £12, COO; rates on public buildings equal to v £3500 ; a tax on wheels and public vehicles, amounting to £7000 ; and to request that £20,000 be placed on the Additional Estimates to relieve the necessities of the Cor poration until better or full provision is made on its be half.' — Alderman Moore seconded the resolution, which was flgioed to. — The Maj or then thanked the city members for their attendance, and the meeting terminated. 