\- THE MONTH. The political baYometer agaiu poiujts to storm. , Again does a collision between the two branches of tho legislature appear imminent. This time payment of members stops the way. It is supposed that the Go vernment intend to embody the sum neces sary for the payment of members of Parlia ment in tho Appropriation Bill, whilo the Legislative Council demand that the item should form the subject of a sepaiate bill. His Excellency the Governor has been pro sented with an address from the Council, praying him not to sanction payment of members being included in tho supplementary estimates. Sir Geo. Bowen, while courteously promising the deputation who waited upon him that their petition should receive the f alleBt consideration, plainly intimated thai; it was his duty to follow the advice tendered him by his responsible advisers. Mr., Berry has included payment of members Iu the supplementary estimates, and the Council will have to pass the item or take upon themselves the responsibility of creating a deadlook by refusing their sanction to tho Appropriation Bill when, it comes before them. _ _ ? The Railway difficulty has been partially tided over. It will be remembered that the Council struck two of the projected lines out of the Bail way Construction Bill when it came before them. The Assembly raised tho question of privilege, contending that as the Hail way Bill was a money bill the Council had only the power to reject juthout the option of alteration. Subsequently tho lines to which there was no objection were incor porated in ono bill, which has passed both Houses, The Government have further introduced two separate v bills, providing for tho construction of tile lines to which the Council took objeotion, viz., the Goulburn Valloy and the direct lino from Oakleigh to Melbourne. Both of these bills passed through all their stages in tlio Assembly in substantially their previous form. Ou these two bills, and on a measure dealing with the waterworks, question's of privilege have arisen, tho Assembly iusistiug on tbe sole right to legislate in matters involving the appropriation of tho public moneys. Th'e Council take the opposite view, and iu sup port of their theory have virtually rejected the two railway bills; , ' t The discussion initiated , when - fcho esti mates for 'the ^purposes ' ,of ?' '. eduoa'tion- were being discussed ? baa resulted in the defeat of tbo opponents to the present system of public instruction,- /$&\- annual yote for t&a;'t' pui-pcwe having been passpd- by a large majority of the Assembly.' .Avl '',,.'??.' The new and: altered customs duties pro posed by-, the; Gfpyernment have been agreed to. Children's boots', liiado doors, vestas, cut corks and horseshoe nails have been propor tionately fcaxea to stunulnto a competition with si mUa£{ imported articles. ' Whilo jute goods, feltj.liino a'uel stoarincs have been in cluded in the list of articles to pay duty, con cessions have been xnade to relieve the im-. posts on gopds not made or likely to be made in ^Victoria,' : The^ export duty 'on wattle bark' '.lias1 been fixed at £3 per ton,' and on redgum eit ion shillings per iOD super* fioial.foot. ??:;.?;':?. i ,',,;._? ...V''...' '. ?' . ; -.*..?-?' Mr. Duncan Gi^l|es; whose seat for Rodney was declared void '.'typ. the Elections and Qualification's .Committeo, is again a member of the Legislative Assembly. On the issuo of the new^writ he . again sfood for Eodney, boing opposed, by Mr. Shackell, the defeated candiduto,;rwho bad petitioned against his roturn. Kir. : Shackell was again doomed to disappointment, as his' opponent was declared olected by a majority of 122 votes.. The various banks in Victoria are to bo requested by the Government to furnish a return showing thaamounfcof the mon.eya held by them and not claimed from the com mencement of .their business \\\p to the let of January, ilSfrlV A sum of about half. a million of money is believed to be thua de posited in tlia batiks, and opinionehave been expressed that .these unclaimed deposits ought tti.n.-b'ou in, the ..hands of the 'Government. ' Tbo Chief Secretary baa intimated -that i£ the banks object to comply wiffcn1 th'e, request to furnish returns other steps might bo .tafep.' ... This montfi th'ero has been (V plethora of English mails', * 'Within a weet^letters and papers have. iieeu rfipeivBd by five different steam linea. By the Torres Straits moil English dates are to the 14th. September ;' tho San Francisco, the 24th ; via the Capo, \the Hankow's, the 24th ; the Cnzco's, ±ho ?27th j and- the mail via Brindisi tho 28th. Their dates of despatch cover only four , teen days. The quick passages made by tho two last-named steamers indicate plainly the advantages of the Capo route, and prove the P. and O. boats are not tho only vessels that can lay claim to punctuality. The recurrent interruptions that have recently taken place in the cable and land lines forming tho telegraphic system which connects us with the other portions of tbe globe have caused us great annoyance. Whenever news of important events was expected a sfcoppngo has been sure to occur, it is a coincidence that these inteiruptions should have taken placo just when thoso interested, both in tho sea and land lines, should be most anxious to iind purchascis for them. Colonel Glovei, the director of tho Eastern Extension Telegraph Company, is expected to ariivo here in January noxt to negotiate a fjalo of the company's cables. The running has been made for him by Earl Carnarvon's advocacy of the purchase of the Pepang section about two yeais ago, by the persistent way in which Mr. Cracknell, the superintendent of tolegraphs in New South Wales, has fostered thejjinterestg of the c. m pany, and more recently by the elaborate despatches of our Agent- General in London, Mr. Archibald Michio. and Sir Julius Vbgef. Therp is, howeyer, a set off to this ap parently disinterested oare for -our re quirements. Not ODly is there an ad mitted loss of £40,000 per annum on the Adelaide and Fort Darwin section, th'e 'purchase !of which forms a portion of the Miehiejcewt-Vogel scheme, but during the last' six months the cable . has sustained repeated damage. The interruptions thus in volved have caused a silenoe of forty- five days, thus enormously depreciating the value of the property to b'e offered us by tho heavy loss of revenue sustained. The whole history of the company has been a succession of ''' failures, and it is not likely that anyone or all of the Australian Governments will be induced to make a bid for the lines in their present inefficient state. Tho improvement of tho poit of Melbourne and its appioachcs is occupying the attention of., the Harbor Trust Commissioners. The offer of Sir John Coodo to visit Victoria and to repoit upon tho subject has been accepted. §iv John Coode offered to periorin the work for 5000 guineas, or for 1000 guineas less if fclie - South Australian Government should require his services. 'That colony hav ing declined at present to enter into any joint arrangement the Habor Trust Com inisBioners have resolved that Sir John Coode bo retained, but that a reduction of 1000 guineas on the terms proposed by him should b'e made in the event of his professional; ser vifip.fi fi«inw rpnuired with reaneot;. to nublic woifks under the control of any of the Aus tralian Governments. ??-... The. appeals that have been made on behalf of the starving population of India have been generously responded to. By contributions and the proceeds of concerts and dramatic representations, the Indian Famine Fund has; reaohed in amount nearly £22j0b0. , Large remittances have already been' made to Madras. .'...,;? ..''.,', ..''?....:? .;...:'.-?„:?? ? Al)out 87,500 acres of the Crown lands of the colony, , wUI, ., acpordipg to offioial . estir mateB,, 'be offered for sale during tho year 187.7 ,????;: This amount comprises town lands, 1000 acres' j' suburban,' 1500 j unimproved,* 5000; improved, 80,000. ' The efforts of the Paris . Exhibition (-6ip-- missionors to secure exhibits worthy of the; producing advantages which Vip1£orja pos seaseB appear likely to meet' W^tfi bucccbb. Their attention has been chiefly turned to obtain products of tho soil, and speoimens of the mineral wealth of tho country, and of ? these there will bo a good show. The hon. J. J. Casey, the executive Comminaioncr, who proceeds ,to Paris via England.by the outgoipg mail, has ^been.cn tertained at a series, of ; bauqueta in various portiona'of the district which he represents in Parliament, and has 'publicly stated on these occasion that no opportunitipa. ^ill Ije I08' of . bringing the advantages ... of '_ Boil and climate which Victoria possesses for . the introduction . of the small ag ricultures of Southern Europe prominently under the notice of Continental agrioultiirists. Mr, George Collins Levey, thij Beprota?^ to tho Commissidpy_w,ill ' Joaye for .JLmeiitfp, m route for. Paris by the December San Fran oiscp mail boat,' ;. ! ? . '? ? ? . . - ? The idea of holding an interhational exhi bition -in Melbourne ?? during the yonr 1870 , lias assumed Boinething like a definite form. The Government have taken the necessary stops to appoint trustees, to set apart a site for the exhibition building, and to appropriate the sum of £100,000 for tho purposes of tho exhibition. Commis sioners will be shortly appointed with full powers to bring the project to a successful issue. It is proposed to erect a handsomo exhibition building, covering some six acres on the southern portion of the Carl ton Gardens. The executive commissioner and tho secretary of the Paris Exhibition will, when iu Europe, take steps to so cure the co-operation of all European Governments, while the opening of the International Exhibition in Melbourne will be held but as an inducement for the Prince of Wales to visit the Australian portion of her Majesty's dominions. . : Tho'proposed amalgamation of the metro, politan gas companies has advanced a stage. It has been decided that tho consent o£ owners and lessees of land is to be pbtdinei beforo new gas-holders can jie erected in fchejr neighborhood. If tho Amalgamation Bill 'bs agreed to by the Legislative Courioil, where it now is, the maximum rate for 1000 feet of gas will be 7s. Gd. Victoria is just recovering from its car. nival week of four days' racing, including the Derby and the great event of the year, the Mel bourne Cup. The city was 'crowded by country visitors taking their yearly holiday in town. Mr. Weld, the Governor of Tasmania, was tho guest of Sir George Bowen, and Sir Hercules. Robinson, the Governor of New South Wales, with bis family and a party of friends, occupied during the race week a mansion placed at his disposal by a wealthy citizen. The course was visited on the Cup day by about 80,000 persons, and the attendance on the other days was proportionately large. The extravagance of dress indulged in by the fair visitors to the 'grand stand increases year by year. This system of making the Cup day the occasion of a display of costly apparel by many who cannot afford it is an evil almost worse than the spirit of gambling that takes hold of the male portion of the com munity at race times. This year the book makers were on the wrong. side, owing to Chester winning tho double,. Derby and Cup. Ono bookmaker had to pay away £21,000. He mot his engagements,, handing over £10,000 to the owner of Chester,. the, largest bet ever paid by a single member of the ring in Australia. The total stakes paid away for the V.R.C. Spring Meeting were £11,008. Of this the owner of Chester took £3503 15s. The owner of the winner of the Maribyrnong Plate received £1945. The Presbyterian Assembly of Victoria have resolved that Dr. Gopld, of Edinburgh, be invited to accept the appointment of first professor of the theological hall. This body has determined to take Bteps to utilise the valuable ground near the Melbourne univer sity set apart for affiliated colleges. One member, of the church has promised to give £1000 towards the erection of a college, and it has been decided to appoint a qommittee to;draw up a general constitution for its management, and to re ceive subscriptions towards the erection of ihe building. . . The Rev. Gervase Smith, D.D., who arrived here in the Hankow, as the representative of the British Conference to the WesVeyan churches in Australia, preached in the Wes ley. Church on the evening of Sunday, tjie 11th inst. The sermon was. listened to by a very largo oongregatiop. A largely - attended meeting was held in tho same church on the evening of the 14th inst., to welcome Dr. Smith. The Rev. E. ICing, aB chairman of the meeting, presented Dr. Smith with ah address, . congratulating him upon his arrival, and expressing satisfaction at the appointment by the British Confer ence of him as its delegate in Australia. The reverend guest, in reply, after .referring to the progress of Molbourno and the flourish ing state of Methodism in Victoria, gave a description of the present condition of the Churoli' in England. He concluded his remarks by urging the importance of Methodists continuing united in doctrine, and in their faith in the truths of the Bible. Like his ?fellow-prelate iu Manchester, tbe Bishop of Melbourne has publicly pronounced his views upon stage, representations. At the instance of Dr. Moorhpuso, Mr. William Orcswick, tU'p well-kuqwn actor, at present playing in Melbourne, oonsented to give Shakspoariitn roadinga at Biahjjpscourt. All th'o clergy to'.vrliom invitatio'nV were issued, with one exception, wore presont, besides a number of leading citizens. This otion of the Bishop proved tho subjeob of newspaper comment, and opinions both fa vorable and unfavorable were freely expressed. While approving the taste that all 'educated persons must have for the works of Shaks peare, Dr. Moorhouse took occasion , to give his candid and straightforward views upon the subject of theatrical entertain- ' ments. Dramatic entertainments, ho stated, were tlio hi ghost and most intellectual of amusements, and if they ' ware at any time or under any circumstances im proper, it must * either bo because the productions were vicious in themselves, or. because they were attended by disreputable ' surroundings. In Melbourne, those two evils combined have tended to degrade the ' stage from the high position it once hold. Here, as in England, the police meet with great difficulties in their attempts to sup press Sunday trading. If a man is seen by the police drinking beer in a publichouso on a Sunday, and tho landlord be summoned for , supplying liquor, the magistrates in tjieir judicial wisdom are apt to think there is no evidence of money having passed, and dismiss the case. The police authorities direct constables to carry out the law, and ?? the magistrates refuse to vindicate it, ? Daring the volunteer review on thePrinco of Wale's's Birthday St. Kilda was subjeoted. to an unpleasant visitor in the shape of a 100-lb. unexploded shell from the Nelaon in Hobson's Bay, a distance of some three miles away. The shell passed through tho shop and dwelling of an organ builder, and did damage to the extent of £20. On issuing from the house it ploughed a furrow in the ' ground 7 feet in length and 6 feet deep, llising again, it sped its way to the entrance ' ' of the Railway Station, where it fell, throw ing up a quantity of road metal. From the ground the shell crossed the streot, and spent itself against the sid6-wall of a house 8 feet from the ground, and made 'a hole in it about 8 inches in diameter. Although several people were about, no one was in- . jured. The carriage of the Governor passed the spot where it first touched the grounda few minutes before the missile was' pro jected. Some one is to bo made to answer for tho loss of the 5UO0 sovereigns from the P. and O. steamer Avqca. The directors of the company have recalled Captain Pockley, and his chief officer, Mr. Ellistoun, in order that they may be examined upon the subjeot. Both these officers, who are well known in Victoria and New South Wales, were absent from tho ship at the time tbe gold was on board. As there is a distinct order in the instruction book that only one was to be absent on tho like occasion, it is sup posed that this recall is but a preliminary ' step to dispensing with their services. The richness of the Walhallct , gold mines is well known even out of Australia, the Long Tunnel and Walhalla companies having been large dividend.paying mines for years. Another reef has been discovered, whioh proves to be a continuance of these two leads. The discovery fully establishes the fact that the Cohen's line of auri ferous quartz has not its equal in the colony. Shares in the new find have been eagerly Bought for, and two- sixteenths have been sold for £50. Sir Redmond Barry, a judge of our Supreme Court, and the Victorian Commissioner at the Philadelphia Exhibition, and at present - qn leave in England, has sat several times to Mr. Woolner for the purpose of having a bust in marble executed. Sufficient funds have been subscribed for that purpose, but many of his friends in England, think it would be better if the funds were increased, so that a full-Hiied' figure might be obtained. With this view it' is intended to initiate subscrip tion lists' here. . The statue, when finished, would be placed in our National Gallery. Some .ifte* ?,f *^e value of city property maybe formed from the i fact that lately a piece of land in Flinders-lanb, with a frontage of lif ty.four feet by a depth of 126 feet, was sold for £10,000, Another piece ? of land in iiussolWtreet soii.th, .having, a frontage of . sixty and a-hnlf feet with fl,jdepth of ninety and ^ a- half feot, ^^ .brought £2150.' A summary of tho. sworn returns rendered pursuant to the Ban^s R^cl Currency Statute 1864, showing the average liabilities and as sets, and the capital and profits of all tho banks of Victoria, for tbo quarter ending the 30th September, 1877, has been laid on the ? table of the,. Assembly. .It showed that ^here were £i;,201,100. in notea in circu lation..: £59,693' bijla '.Jin ^circulation not bear ing interest ; £2001 bills in circulation bear. iugintorost ; £234,084, balaucos due to other banks ; £6,226,606 deposits, not bearing in. fcoroafc ; £10,534,262, bearing intoresfc ; total liabilities, £18,349,067. The odd shillings and pence are omitted in each case in giving the totals. The banks had the following as sets :-r£2,115,913 coined gold and Bilver and other coined metals ; £3G7,4G8, gold and silver in bullion or bars ; £782,300, landed property ; £131, ISO, notes and bills of other banks ; balances due from other banks, £431,350 ; £22,141,505, all debts due to the banks ; £25^970,845, total assets. The capi tal stock paid up amounts to £8,698,048. The rate of the last dividend declared to shareholders amounted in the aggregate to 10 1-5 per cent. The dividends paid ranged from 6 to 17J per cent. The sum of £510,310 was paid away as dividends as per last deola ration. The reserved profits at the time such dividends were declared amounted to £2,717,164. Mr. J. Levy, the celebrated cornet player, before leaving Melbourne for New Zealand, declared himself insolvont, on account of losses in his professional tour in South Aus- tralia, .and accruing-from the three last con- certs he gave in the Melbourne Town Hall. More however remains behind. . A songstress who had been one of his company had brought an action against him in the Supreme Court for libel, the damages being laid at £1000; while another by an Italian vocalist for breach of contract was pending. The first of these cases was to have been heard on the day Mr. Levy was to have left for New Zealand. A delay would have ruined all the arrangements made for his appearances in that colony. Acting under legal advice he declared himself in- solvent and left Melbourne. An application was made to the judge of the Insolvency Court, that steps might be taken to prevent Mr. ievy from leaving the colony. The judge refused to interfere, on the ground that the court was not justified in prevent- ing the insolvent following the profession by which he gained his livelihood. Fly-fishing will soon be a pastime in Vie* toria. A fine trout, weighing 1 1b. 10 oz., has been captured with a rod and line in Lake Wendouree, at Ballarat. This oaten has been followed up by another, the second trout weighing 6 lb. 5 oz. \- There has been no lack of amusements during the month. Messrs. Ceppin, Greville and Hennings have commenced their new. managerial era at the Theatre Royal. Paul Pry, Not Such, a Fool as he Looks, and Milky White gave Mr. Coppin an oppor tunity of appearing in three of 'his well known- delineations. The burlesque of Cin derella, Tom Taylor's comedy of New Men and Old Acres, and the sensational drama of Lost in London, have also boen per formed. The members of the company engaged in England, namely, Misses Marian Mead way, Grace Hathaway and Ella Carrington, and Messrs. Vincent, Reynolds and Sterling Whyte, have made their debut. Judging from the limited sphere as yet allowed them for aoting, a certain amount of disappointment exists as to the quality of their dramatic talents. Mrs. Scott- Siddons, after finishing a short engagement at this theatre, has pro ceeded with her own company on a profes sional tour in the provinces. At the Academy of Mubio, Mr. William Creswiok's William Tell has created a most favorable im pression. Besides re-appearing us Hamlet, Virginius, Richelieu and Mr. Oakloy in the Jealous Wife, he has played Benedick in Much Ado About Nothing, on the occasion of Miss Helen Ashtou's benefit, she assuming the character of Beatrice. As Sir Giles Overreach Mr. Creswick has also been suc cessful in winning the approbation of his audiences. After a good season, Salsbury's Troubadour Troupe have loft the Prince of Wales Opera House, and their places upon the boards have been taken by the Soldono English Comic Opora Company, consisting of about forty members. The first opera represented was Offenbaoh's Genevieve do Brabant, Miss Emily Soldeno playing Drogan, Miss Roso Stella, Gonovievo; Miss Clara Vevoy, Oswald, the page ; tho Duke of Brabant, Mr. E. Farloy ; Golo, Mr. J. M. Jarvies ; Burgomaster, Mr. E. Albor ton; and the two Gens d'arines, Messrs. E. Marshall and J. Wallace The opora was well produced, tho singing and acting of the princi pal performers being of such a character as to place them on a most favorable footing with tho public. The company has since ap peared in La Fillo do Madaino Angot and .oth[er' oporaB bouffe with groat suc cess, Mr. J. Levy, the cornot soloist, ' gave three concerts in the Town Hall, at which Mra. Levy made her first appearance in Melbourne as a vooalist. Although the quality ; of her voioo is by no means of a high stand ard, she sings with, expression, and in a few ballads made a favorable impression. Frau lein Antonietta Link, who achieved success as Elsa in Wagner's Lohengrin, when this work was produced at tho Opera House here, has also made her debut on the concert plat form, siuging operatic and classical music, and ballads in German, Italian and English, and bids fair to become as great a favorite as she was in the lyric drama. The inaugural banquet given by tho newly elected Mayor of Melbourne (Cr.Pigdon) took placo at the Town Hall \ on the 9th Nov., and was attended by about two hun dred and fifty guests. Amongst the visi tors wore his Excellency ?'? Sir George Bowop, his Excellenoy Mr, Weld, Governor of Tasmania; Commodore Hoskins, Lieut. Colonol Soratchley, the Chief Secretary, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, several members of tho Government, and other gentlemen of note. The proceedings were of a very agreeable character, it being apparently tacitly agreed that politics should be tabooed from the speeches which invariably form a portion of .the proceedings on such occa sions. ' ... ' The review of tho volunteer forces of the home district, which took place in the Albert Park, Emerald-hill, on 9th No vember, passed off very satisfactorily. The early part of tho day was 'devoted1' to Bteady drill. At two o'clock his Excellency Sir Geo. Bowen arrived, and a feu de joie in ' honor of the birthday of H.'R;H; the -Prince of Wales having been fired, a maroh past took place, and the proceedings terminated with the men being drilled independently by the officers in command. There were a large number of spectators present. . The P. and O. Company's steamer Tan jore, with the September mails from England, arrived inHobson'sBayonSunday, 11th Nov., shortly before seven o'clock. Her passage has been a tempestuous one, strong head 'winds and gales prevailing all the way from Galle to Cape Leuwin, and in addition to this an accident happened on the 31st .of October to her machinery, repairing which occupied twenty-seven hours, and through out that time there was a very heavy sea running. Nevertheless, she has come into port rather better than two days within contract time.. The steamship Cuzoo arrived at Glenelg on 7th Nov., after a magnificent passage of thirty-nine days, allowing for her twenty four hours' detention at St. Vinoent's for coaling. She left Plymouth on the 27th September, and thus brings dates within a day of those to be received by the mail steamer, whose passage the Cuzco has eclipsed, notwithstanding that the Peninsular and Oriental boat has tho advantage of the Brindisi route and has about 750 miles less to travel. The observations of the planet Mars during the last opposition, for determining the diB tance of the earth from the sun have been completed, at the Melbourne Observatory, and the astronomers are highly gratified with the success that has attended their efforts, as they were enabled to mako obser vations on sixty-six nights. At the last series of observations the astronomers at Williamstown were successful in obtaining more observations than at any other obser vatory in the world, and it is confidently expected that Melbourne will again take the foremost position. The practical result of tho observations just concluded cannot be arrived at for sereral years, but tliero is every probability that they will confirm the last calculation, which fixes the distance at about ninety-one millions of miles. Tho National Agricultural Society's Show, concluded on the 9th Nov., was a most sue cossful affair. Upwards of 10,000 per sons were presont, and the reoeipts for the three days amount to about £1000. The great success of the exhibition, from a national point of view, taken in connection with the disadvantages pertaining to inferior buildings which the present uncertainty as to site necessitates, supplier a strong argument in support of tho society's application for a permanent location, which, if granted, would immediately be followed by the erection of a handsome ex hibition structure, worthy of the important industry represented. At a meeting of the Indian Famine Relief Fund committee at the Town Hall on Tuesday, 13th Nov., a letter was received from the Oriental Banking Corporation, in forming the pommitteo that their advices by, the last mail informed them that the first remittance, £0000, had been negotiated at Madras at currant rates, and placed at the' disposal of the goneral committee. In soiincotion with this communication, Mr. Traill, tho manager of tho bank, stated verbally that by calculating the rates of ex-' shangos then ruling the amount forwarded would be augmented to tho extont of over £500. The total amount recoived by. tho. 1 Mayor of Melbourne up to the 21st No vember was £21,968 12s. lid. It is understood that the railway from. Hamilton to Portland will be opened about the 4th prox. This will have the effect of connecting Portland with Melbourne by rail. The broken ends of the Tasmanian cable wero picked up and repaired by Mr. Warren, the company's agent, at noon on 15th inst., after waiting over a week for fine weather. The steamer Pioneer, of Launceston, was on this occasion employed in the service. Com munication is now perfectly restored. No less than 597 candidates have pre sented themselves for matriculation at the University this term. This is by far the largest number that have, as yot come for ward. Tho Bpecial prizo list of_ the Australian j'uvenile Industrial Exhibition, to be opened at Ballarat on 15th February next has been issued. There is a varied assortment of ar ticles in the production of which competi tion is invited. The prizes consist of money, books, writing desks and sundries, varying in value from 10s. to £7 10s. The sixth annual meeting of the Victorian Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals was held on 29th Oct., at the A.the nfeum. Mr. R. B. Johustone occupied the chair. The secretary read the report, which stated that 150 new subscribers had been ob tained since the appointment in June of Mr. Latham as collector. The recently- appointed inspector, Mr. Keid, had also given great satisfaction. Few convictions had been ob tained directly through the society, its aim bsing to allow the polibe to act as prosecutors in. all cases of cruelty, tho officers of the society giving all the help in their power.. Papers had been published in culcating tho just usage of animals, and the cominitteo had every hope that with the present staff and the increasing support of the public the ensuing year would produce1 greater results .from the influence of the, society than had yet been obtained. The balance-sheet showed tho total receipts to be £271 7s. 3d., and the expenditure £220 9s., leaving a credit balance of £50 18s. 3d, On the motion of Dr. Strutt, the report and balance-sheet were adopted. . ? Tho annual meeting of the Church of Eng land and Presbyterian Church Pastoral Aid Sooiety. was held, on Nov, 8, in the Assembly Hall, Collins- street ; Sir Jas. M'Cullooh in the chair. The annual report, which was adopted, showed that the operations : of the society were steadily extending, the income for the year having 'been £1319 14s. lid. as against £976 7s. 2d. re ceived during the previous twelve months. It had been found necessary to reduce the amount of the subsidies, and as a still further increase of districts to be pro vided for was expected to take place the necessity for an augmentation of the society's ' revenue was pointed out. The office-bearers haying been re-elected, a short address was given by the Bishop of Melbourne, who expressed his sympathy with the objeots of the society, and pro mised to give it his oo-operation, not formally or perfunotorily, but earnestly and heartily. A vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings. The Rev. Thomas James, Wesleyan minis ter, of Hotham, who has accepted the unani mous invitation of the. Oxford-street Congre gational Church, Colling wood, to become its pastor, will probably enter upon bis pastorate at the commencement of next month. This is the second time this church has secured a minister from the ranks of the Wesleyaps, itB late paBtor, the Rev. T. F. Bird, having left that body to accept the position which Mr. James now fills. The picnic at Brighton, organised by 'the Evangelistic Committee at the suggestion of Mr. Varley as a counter-attraction to the races, toak plaoe on tho 6th of November, and proved to some extent successful. Notwithstanding the adverse condition of the weather those present seemed to thoroughly, enjoy themselves. Soon after nine o'clock 'Abe.. Hobson's Bay Railway Station was crowded f with parties en route ' to the appointed' spot, and thanka to the excellent arrange ments that had been made by the railway company no delay occurred in the despatoh of tlie heavily-freighted trains. The rendez vous was easily distinguished, as_ a spacious marquee had boon ercoted in anticipation of rainy woather, and some of tho more en thusiastic visitors having put in an ap poaranco soon after seven o'clock . in tho morning tho lator arrivals found' everything in roadiness for their .reoeption. Tho visitors, who numbered botween seven and eight thousand, wore expected to cater for thomselves, and with: few. exceptions thoy appeared to be thoroughly propared for all emergencies, the requirements of the inner man having been most subatantially.pro vidod for. Those who had . not brought, refreshments with them, however,, or who wished to supplement their ovra commissariat, were enabled to do^.'so.^ »t very moderate oharges at the refreshment'; marquee on the ground. Games and Bpojta pf every description were in full swing. dur- ing the day, and at intervals addresses woro ielivered. by Mr, Varley and others, ; and. nusioal selections wero effectively^ rendored t-y'the Melbourne Evangelistic choir. Alto gether a most enjoyable. day was spent, and ilthough finer weather would have boen a de sided advantage, still everyone appearod to bo ;horo\igbly BatiB&ed;, and an opinion was .generally expressed that woro ? the picnic made, an annual arrangement it would bo .universally supported Dy those consoien- ? tiously opposed to horse racing and kindred ' amusements, and its suoces's would be en sured. ..-. ' ' ? On the 31st October another libel action, brought by Mr. Edward Langton agaiust tho proprietors of The Age newspaper, was tried in the Supreme Court before Mr, Justice Fellows. The libel was said to be contained in the following passage, whioh appeared in a letter written by the Sydney correspondent of The Age, and published in that journal : — 'We only want a couple of political Thugs of the Langton and G. P; Smith type to boast as pretty an oxamplo of unrelieved Parliamen tary blackguardism and character assassinisin as the world ever saw.' Serjeant Sleigh opened the case on behalf of the plaintitf, stating that the alleged libel appeared iu both The Aye and This Leader, two papers ? which had a very large circulation. The Age '?' had the largest circulation; in the .Aus tralian colonies.. It was, therefore, ha urged, a very serious' thing, to be libelled in -. that paper. Ho prooeeded to .'explain tlio , meaning of the word : Tliug, ' after which ' he described the' Thugs of eastern .'countries/: who he said were a class of men engaged in ; tho art; of systematic deception, '? with a view ? to plunder and'murder.- The publication of the alleged libel having been formally proved, Mr. Michie, assooiateof theChief Justice, gave , evidence as to the plaintiff having in a pre- ;?? vious action obtained a verdict against tho defendant. ' In cross- examination Mr. Miohie said he had heard Mr. Langton ad mit. that he had Btyled The Age newspaper ''Ananias.' Mr. Purves, in addressing the j jury for the defenco, referred to the previous character of ' the plaintiff, ' and pointed out : ? that no language hod been used concerning him whioh ,w,as half, so strong as the deroga tory epithetsfivbich he had for a long period: been in the habit of applying to liis political opponents. He contended that there was nothing in the so-called libel which was hot justified' by the plaintiff's own conduct, -and that it was only the kind of -rough criticism? to .which men. in public life .were frequently subjected. ' Mr. Justice Fellows having briefly summed up the case, the jury returned a verdict/ for the - plaintiff, assessing tho damages at one farthing. The 'court refusod to certify for coBte. r.-. ., i ? Mr. James Paterson,; the. ex-Mayor of Melbourne, was. defendant on' 13tli Nov, in an action in 'the Supreme Court brought by Messrs. Sump ter and Moore;: owners of a' vessel called the. William Gifford, to recover damages for injuries sustained by her through a collision with the steam-tug ?-, Resoue about twelvemonths ago. The plaintiffs gained a. verdict for £46. ' ...' The action brought against the Hobsou'a Bay Railway Company by a laborer named Wm. Spain was concluded on Nov. 14, in the Supreme Court. The plaintiff sought to re cover damages for injuries he' received while engaged in unloading a vessel on the Sand ridge Railway Pier, through a piece of marble falling on his leg, and breaking it so badly that it had afterwards to be amputated. The defence was that there was contributory negligence, and Mr. Justice Fellows, on the ground that the plaintiff's case failed to show, that the company had been negligent, non suited the plaintiff, leave boiDg given to move for a verdict for tho plaintiff. ?? The: jury were asked to assess the damages, the plaintiff would be entitled to in the. event off the nonsuit being upset, and .they con-; sidered he should be awarded £750.' Another, aotion of a somewhat similar ohuraoter -was ' heard, the plaintiff being a carter named Leahy, who about twelve months ago fell into an unprotected cellar on tho premisesof Messrs. Stuart, Couohe and Co., in William street, and received injuries whioh resulted in his becoming totally blind. The jury gavo a verdict for: the pjaintiff for £220, eoino nonBuit points being reserved. ? A movement is on foot in Sandhurst to bring under the notice of the Government the de sirability of the Stato undertaking the coat 'of sending Mr. Thureau once rigaiii as a delegate to California and tho neighboring States, iu order to continue his investigations, which want .ofitiino on his previous visit, precluded him from' doing. It has also been . mpotod that Mr. Thuroau might bo entrusted with tho selection of the diamond drills about - ' to bo purohasod by' the Government. ''? ? 