BITS OF PLEASANTRY. Striking Affair. — A clock. Out of Season.— An empty pepper-box. ? Prison Life has but One Side. — The inside. A Handbill. — An account for gloves. Noisy tenants.— Ch-=ers lliat rent the air. A Two Foot Rule. — ' Boots and Ehors for cash only.' A clergvman on a visit to the seaside says he likes calm Sundays because lie is opposed to Sabbath breakers. 'How long will my chop be, waiter?' asked a hungry man in a restaurant. ' About five inches, air,' was the prompt reply. A coach passing along a country-road had nearly run over a servant girl, when the coachman called out, ' Take care, Sally ! ' The girl, without attempt ing to escape the danger, looked up at the coachman with an air of offended pride, and said, ' It isn't Sally, or any such low, vulgar, common stuff— it's Amelia Ann.' 'When a visitor outstayed his welcome at the house of a hospitable country rector, and had become a per manent nuisance, the host in the morning prayed for a blessing to descend upon ' our visiting brother, who will this day depart from us.' Not being a rhinoceros, the guest took the hint and departed, A fanner and his wife called at Detroit photo* graphic gallery to have some photographs taken of the latter, and while the operator was getting ready the husband gave the wife a little advice as to how she must act. ' Fasten your mind on something,' he said, ' or else you will laugh and spile the job. Think about early days— liow your father got in gaol, and your mother was an old scolder, and what you'd have been if I hadn't pitied you. Just fasten your mind on to that ! ' She didn't have any photogiaphs taken. The Uses of Adversity are : — You wear out your clothes. You are not troubled w ith visitors. You are exonerated fr m making calls. Bores do not bore you. Taxgathers hurry past your door, No one ever things of presenting you with a testimonial. Im posters know it is of no use to bleed you. You prac tise temperance. You swailow infinitely less poison than others. Flatterers do not shoot their rubbish into your ears. You have saved many a debt, many a deception, many a headache. And lastly, if you have j a true friend in the world, you are sure, in a very j short space of time, to know it. A gross outrage was lately perpetrated upon the gentle and forgiving spirit of Da iel Webster, which, having duly materialized itself, tried, fit a recent American spiritualistic seance, to walk over a stage strewn with drawing tacks. When the first tack entered the ostensible ghost's right foot, he calmly lifted up his inj ure i limb to withdraw the intrusive bit of steel. In his efforts to balance himself on one leg, he ran another tack in his left foot, when he broke silence by a gentle exclamation expressive of pain and annoyance ; then he incautiously sat down, and thus inserted two more tacks. Instead of letting his ghostly passions rise, he merely remarked ' Weli, by gosh !' and hurriedly withdrew into the mystic cabinet. During the late rainy weather a gentleman stepped into a tobacconist's, and asked for the loan of an umbrella. He w as promptly accommodated. ' You're an obliging man,' observed a customer after the stranger had stepped out. ' Yes, but that's a mighty honest fellow,' exclaimed the tobacconist. ?' An honest or more generous man you won't find in a day's travel. He has had a number of umbrellas of me, but he always brings back a better one in return. He changes em somehow, but how I don't know, and don't care. I see ha's honest, and that's all I care about it.' A Batch of Whys. — Why are amba-6adors the most perlect people in the world? Because they are all excellencies. Why is sympathy like blind man's buff ? It is is a fellow feeling lor a fellow- creature. Why is the sua like a good loaf ? Because it is light when it rises. Why is crow a brave bird? Because she never shows a white feather. Why is a sawer like a lawyer ? J3ecauce whichever way he goes, down comes the dust. Why are washerwomen silly people? Because they put out their tubs to catch soft water when it rains hard. Why is a man who doesn t lose liis temper li'-ie a schoolmaster ? Because he keeps cool (keeps school). Why are mountains like invalids ? Because they look peakish. Why are umbrellas like pan cakes? Because they are seldom seen af er Lent. Why is a drunkard hesitating to sign the pledge like a sceptical Hindoo ? Because he doubts whether to give up the worship of Jug-or-not. Why cannot two slender persons ever become great friends ? Because they will always be slight acquaintances. The Relics of Eden. — Writing of Dr. Schliemoim's discoveries in the Troad, the A'cic York Times says : — Great as is the interest which attaches to the hair pins of Helen and the fine-tooth comb of Paris, there are those who feel that Dr. Scliliemann has dug quite long enough at Troy, and that he ought to exercise his remarkable genius in other fields. He is just the man to dig on the side of the Garden of Eden, and to reclaim the articles of personal property which our fii st parents left behind in the suddeness of their departure. He would not have the slightest difficulty in determining the exact locality of the primeval paradise. All he would think it necessary to do would to be to visit the Plain of Mespotamia ; to pick out a good-sized garden spot, and to announce that he had fixed the exact position of the Garden of Eden. Then he would begin to dig and to discover with the energy and success which has hitherto characterized him. He would then lay bare the asphalt paths over which Adam was accustomed to walk, and would find his lawn-roller and sickle in a rusty but still easily recognizable condition . A6 soon as tbe excavations became large enough to warrant a map, he would con struct one calculated to bring tears to the eyes of the most hardened geologist. On that map would be marked the position of the apple tree which Eve had 6uch melancholy cause to remember, together w ith a dotted line ' Probable route of the serpent on enter ing and retiring from the garden.' That same valu able map would also show 'Adam's Swimming Pool,' the ' Birthplace of Eve,' ' The Croquet Ground,' and the ' Sartorial Fig Tree.' As for relics, Schliemann would find them to. order for the use of clergymen's families and Sunday-schools. Fig leaf aprons would be picked up by the 6harp-eyed I searcher on every he ige. Small Jish bones, ' supposed to have been used as hair-pins ; ' polished bits of tomato cans, labelled ' hand mirrors,' and innumer able quantities of agricultural tools and packages of Weathersfield garden seeds would be sent to Europe and America by the shipload, and if somebody were to order a slip from the original a;- pie tree, Dr Schlie mann would send out more young apple trees in the course of two years than the united nurseries of Long Island would furnish in ten. 