IRELAND. A THRILLING SERMON BY FATHER BUBKE. — \ HE PLEADS FOR THE BLIND CHILUEIiET. j On Wiiit Sunday a charity sermon was ' preached by tho Very Eev. T. N. Burke, j O.P., in the Church of St. Theresa, jOlai-en* j don'-streel, Dublin, in aid of St. Joseph's ?, Catholic Male Blind Asylum, Glasnevin. j Wo take the following extract from the ? address :— » I want to rob you if l can to-dav, to rob you for God and for your own souls. I want to put my hand as dexterously as I j can into the purse of every man amongst i you, and take out as much as my hand can reach, and hide^it, hide it in the hands of , Jgsus Christ. Gi?e it to Him, the gold and silver will come back again id the form ot that unfading crown that only rests on the ! brows of the blessed. Let me appeal first to yourminds. The charity for which I am appeal- : ing is this : There is in this great Catholic city— and indeed looking at the world aa it is to-day, seeing tho other great centres of Catholicity, Madrid, Paria, Yienna, Ttome, I am afraid that I am able to assert that Dublin to-day is the real metropolis or capital of the Catholic Church— in this great Catholic city there is amongst its many charities an asylum for the blind, the mule blind, boys and men, Catholics, in which they receive firat of all the precious gift of Catholic education, then all their temporal wants are provided for ; the children amongst them are educated, and at length are made workmen, tradesmen, and oo able to earn their bread, in spite of that monster infirmity which i3 upon them, and are made useful and independent members of society, and good Catholic citizens. Now this institution ia only short-lived, it is saarcely twenty years old. Up to twenty years ago, strange to say, ia all Catholic Ireland there was not a single institution of refuge for the poor blind Catholic child. During the years of its existence it has given shelter and provided for and educated up wards of one hundred and sixty inmates. At this moment there are sixty blind boys within its walls, and the brothers in charge of it. finding their space too small, as naturally enough it must be to meet the wants of a whole country, of a whole nation, are employed in building, and have incurred a considerable debt and grave responsibility, for which they appeal to you to-day to en able them to bear it. Now, first of all, con sider the precept of charity wlryh bi&ds; us at all times, does not always bind us with the same rigour or intensity, and if we wish to know when it binds with the greatest force, and when we are obliged under the gravest precept to answer its calls the follow ing are tho rules : First of all, tho greater the want and the necessity of tno poor, tho greater is our obligation before God aud man to succour it, so that if the necessity becomes extreme, and there io danger of .life, .we are actually obliged boforo God, under pain, of sib, not- only to dispense with the luxuries, but even to curtail aomo of what seems the necessaries of life, in order to give them to the poor. The second great rubric whereby we may measure the extent ot our obligations, is tho spiritual good, the quality of good that our alms can effect. The higher tho good, tho greater, the holiers : aad the nearer it is to G-od, the more we are [ obliged to do it. If a man is to save either a body or a scul, he is bound to leave the body and save tha soul. For instance, take the case of a man, a shipwrecked sailor on a raft, if there were two children, one baptized and tho other unbaptized, and thoy were both in danger of death, but ho could only save one of them, ho ia bound to save the unbaptized child, and baptise it, and let the baptized child perish and go to God. Now those being tho great standards by which wo are to regulate our actions, I ask you, and appeal to your intelligence, ij Where cau human misery, human help- 1 lessuG3S, mako a stronger appeal to ! us than iu the case of the blind 1 Wo all know how great io the burden of poverty aud misery, when it falls upon tho poor ; we all know that it is sad, and burden some in every form in which it comes to ' them ; we aro acquainted with, the bitteraeso . oi the widow's grief, t/q have v/opt teara of sympathy over the orphan'c helpneccness ; but v/hcro, where, I ask, can human weak' ? ness aosumo so weak a form, go utterly help- ? less aforru aa thatof a little child struck with ? blindness P Why, even a grown man, even a strong man, if only he be blind, if his eyea bo eealed, if ho sees not the light, he ic tha very picture ia our streets and public places, the very picture of helplessness. Mark hi in as he goes along', groping his way ; see how cautiously ho proeceda ; mark how every feature of his faces designates uncertainty and helploosnes3. He does not know but that the nest step may precipitata him, tlio next Qfcep cause him to fall and snoet with some dreadful accident, therefore there he ? ia walking along, feeling his way, and trying to mafeo up for the great maafcsr-senae losfc to him 5 and not only on every fsaturo of Ma face, but in every action, is there strongly brought to our minds his utter helplessness, . the utter dereliction of a man who is at the mercy of those around him. And if it be bo with the strong man, fancy how it must be with the little child— the poo? little child that perhaps was born blind, and never car; the light of day. The poor little child boi-np and when the fend, expectant mother hoped it would open its eyea, and look into bee face with a look of recognition arid love, only saw the sightless orbs. The coul of her. child ia separated from her ; he can never see the face of the mother that bore him ; he can never know what was the expression even of a mother's love. He is indeed in her arms, and ohe nestles him in her bosoni, but his soul is far, far away from her; the master sense by which he can know he?, and put himself into communion with her, is gone. What is this darkness of the body as com-. pared with tho darkness of the soul P Ah, my dearly beloved, Si. Augustine tells na, and truly, that the eye is the master-sense. ? That the eye is beyond all other nonsoc ; the one that can take the place of them if you were deprived of them all. Yes ; a man may be struck dumb and he can speak with the eye ; a man may bo separated by deaf* neGS from all communication with his fellow creatures, but as long as God has given him the divine expression of tho orb of sight, he can still communicate with them aad apeak the story of the soul that is within him; It is the master-sense, and whea this sense is sealed up the principal avenue to the ooul is stopped. There is only one power that can. gain accesa to the soul thus impeded, the power of Christian charity, painstaking, tha power that does not hesitate to sit down and atudy by what means it may put itself ia communication with the darkened aoul ; the power that, armed with divino love, thinks no labour lost, ho time badly passed that is spent in the service of those poor blind ones, until at length the very m&Btei-ccnso; seems.- ? to have lost all its value in tha increased power of communication by which tho uoul can apeak and almost see by the eyes of charity furnished to it when the oyea of tho body are gone. Therefore this ia the greatest of all necessities. The orphan child can go and look and seek for the means of liveli hood, the blind child cannoc. The widow ia her misery can mark the expression of aym of sorrow, and derive comfort from it ; tho blind are shut out of the source of joy and sympathy. They have nothing, they are the moat helpless of all God's creatures, they must perish and make no sign unless tho hand of Christian charity takes them up and. serves them for the eyes they have lost, for as the aged monarch of Some said to the little child who led him through the streets of Constantinople, 'Oh, child of benediction,' he said, ' thou art dearer to _me than the eyes that I have lost.1' And so I say to yous here to- day what Holy Job says he waa — - oeulns cceco, I was an eye to the blind ! ' I waa an eye to the blind,' he cried when he was there) on the dunghill, covered with sores and One dogs licked tho sore?, and all that ho had in this world waa gone from him. ' i was an eye to tho blind,' he cried, 'and thou, O God ! will not forget me in the days . of my misery.' And God did not forget, but raised him up again among tho princes. So I say to you, bo an eye to tho blind, pour the light of faith into their darkened soul. Blind Bartimaeua sat at the gates of Jericho ; he was born blind, and his eyes were opened, and he saw the light ; but he first heard tho cry, ' Jesus of Nazareth passeth !' and then he cried out, '? Q Jasua of Nazareth, have ? pity on me!' And when the Lord said, ' What would you ?' he, with that crying for light so necessary to man, cried out, ' Lord ! Lord ! open mino oyoa that 1 may see.' And then the Lord touched bio eyes and he saw ! He has pr.ssed away v/ho opona the eyes of the body, but Ho has not pasced away who opens the eyc-o of the eoul even when thoso of tho body remained sealed— tho Holy Ghost lumen corclum. 'Come, oh light of our hearts,' exclaims the Church, not light of our bodies, but light of our souls. Ho remains, and, if Ho ia in you to-day, you will open the oyes of the soul of God a poor of our own faith and housohold. You will opon tho eyea of their noui by your Christian charity, and onablo the 'holy brotherhood in charge of them to give them the light of Divine instruction. A EELTC 01' '82. We have jusu seen a relic of ' The Volun teers of 1782,' whoso stirring ciong Thomas Davis wrote in that oweei patriotic stylo so peculiarly his own. It is in the possession of Mr. J. C. Pinlrorton, to whose grandfather It belonged,, and in the Pinkerfcon family it will, no doubt, continue to be carefully pre served as a precious heirloom. The article in question is a handsome delf jug,*capable we should, say, of holding about a quart. On one side of it, along the top, are the words, ' The Volunteers of Ireland,' below which are very neatly executed representations of three volunteers in full dress uniform, armed with gun and bayonet. The attire of them all ia timilar with the exception of the head dress. One of them wears what might be termed a hat, similar to that worn by what are popularly known as ' Tho Old Castle men'' at Hilisborough ; the second baa a sort 01 DUaOy i.fSBtUUIill[^ mill l\\\j piUUUUL lu uotr ill our artillery corps, with this exception, that tho cockade, which is white, is placed in front, and that a tassel hangs at the side ; while the third appears in a peculiar sort of half foragecap, half shako, surmounted with a gay plume of feathers. The colouring of their attire is only partially dSlled in, but what is given is in strict keeping with the description of the uniform in that most interesting work, '' Ireland and her Staple Manufactures,'1 where the highly esteemed author tells us, ' Their uniforms were of scarlet cloth, with black velvet facings, white waistcoats, and white fiieae small* cloths and blacbcloth leggings.' On the opposite of the jug are the words, ' Rt. Hon'ble Herl?y Flood,' there being beneath a .representation of the gallant colonel mounted on c fine charger, wearing his com plete accoutrements, and having in hia right hand a drawn sword. Beneath the lip of the jug is fcho name of its original owner — 11 Jameo Piakertou, Belfast, 1782.'— Nor- thern Whig. E. t. SHIEL. . Mr. Gladstone, in a speech recently de livered,, drew a vivid picture, from memory, of- Richard Lalor Sbiel, the great Irish orator. Those who remember having heard Shiel— -and who ever heard his impetuous eloquence and forgot its author 1 — will recog nize tb.3 sketch as a masterpiece of word painting ; and though its lines are broad fcheir general truth stamps the conception as one that shall obtain popular currency. ' If you will consider,' 3aid he, 'n tin kettle battered about from place to place, producing a ouececaion of sounds as it knocked first against one aide and then against the other, that ia: really one of the nearest approsima tiono that I can make to my remembrance of the voieo of Mr. Shiel. Thera again, in any body else I v/ould not, if it had been my choice, liked to have listened to that voice ; but in him I would not have changed it, for it was part of a most remarkable whole, and nobody ever felt it painful when they listened to it. He was a/ great orator, and an orator of much preparation, E believe, carried even to words, with a very vivid imagination, and an. enormous power of lan guage and of strong feeling. There was a peculiar character, a sort of half wildness, in his aspect and delivery ; his w hole figure, and his delivery, and his voice, and his matter were all in such perfect keeping with one another that they formed a great Parlia mentary picture ; and although it ia now thirty-five years since I heard Mv. Sheil, my recollection of him is just as vivid as if I had been listeniug to him to- day.' TEMPERANCE DE310NSTEATI0N. Agreattemperancedemonstration took place on June 10, in tho Market-square, afc Ballin asloe. The splendid bands of the Loughrea and Woodford Temperance Associations, ac-- companied by about uisfcy of their members, wearing medals, green ribbons, and rosettes, and preceded by a magnificent green banner, beautifully ornamented with gold fringe and shamrocks, on one side of which was ' Loughioa Temperance Society,' and on the reverse side a crowuless harp, surrounded with shamrock, with the motto '' Erin go Bragh,' were present. The band marched through the streets playing national aira, and, being followed by an immense crowd, procesaeu io cue v^onveui oc mercy, ana after having played come appropriate airs, returned to the platform which was erected oppoaiLe Sfc. Michael's Cathedral. There were upwards of 3000 persona present. The Most Rev. Dr. Duggan presided, and ad dressed the meeting, lie was followed by Eev. Fathero Forteacu, S.J., and P. Carrol, O.C. A large number came forward and joined the association. VITAL STATISTICS. The quarterly returns of tha births and deaths registered in all Ireland for tho ' quarter ending the 31st March la-it has beeti j published. This return exhibits a moU striking aud important /act— -namely, thatf-i last the groat e;r-jd us has turned, and thai tin'-, population oi'Irf-Unui is increasing each y«a;.'. From ]o45 to 1875 the population of Ireland fell Dteadiiy ovory year, death jvari cmigra t'on moro than riwall'.-v/inrrun the increase by births* In the middlo of 1873, hov/evcr, the population stood at 5,309,49-1. In 1876, at the same period of the year, it stood at 5 321,612, an increase of about 12,000. The llegistrar-Genoral now estimates that the population of Ireland on the 30th June will will be 5,338,996, an increase of 17,000 on the previous year. During the quarter end;; ing 31sfc March there were registered 37,142 births and 26,958 deaths. 7279 per sons emigrated. The quarter v?as, as com pared with (lie average, a healthy ones zymotic '''diseases, such as fever, &c;, having ouly prevailed to a very small extent. Owing to the harsh and broken weather, much mortality was caused by bronchitis and similar diseases. The comparative prosperity of the country is shown by the fact that 26,503 marriages were registered in 1876, tha largest number for many years back. 