TAIIiliS & SKETCHES MDERTON'S ANGLTO.:' ; Story; of a Holiday in Tasmania '• ;A NoTiiKiii,' : " IWbitten 3E3ipBB8BLT roB "Tub Wbbk,' ! *' ' . \- W.'SENIOR (" Red Si'Inneb*')j Author of " Watoraido Skotchos," V Notahlo Ship. ; . ' wrodca/'&c.;,&c.; , * ■OHAPTEEXXm. OAVBliN 8BCEET8. >vvTES,the sound that reached their earsmuat imvebeon a'human groan, though to ho euro j' thefe are birds and beasts in the woods of the ^Antipodes whoso strango cries orb often calcu ilateaVto' mislead. Tho young men looked 'around, right.and left, van and rt»ar, high and •!iiowr ; They shouted and listened for a responso. •'But' none.came. Not only wa8 no human i:)hein'g visible, but it was difficult , to perceive ' ^hjsre one could be concealed. Tho country ? "was" still slightly mountainous, and timbered /•wttbrgTand old gum trees, but not so thickly . 'lias to; afford cover. Near them and run- 1 ;r«riwg upwards from tho track, they noticed a ;""'gully,* so'small as to be almost filled up by !'brakens and ferns, and here they naturally \- 3begari their "search. Anderton took the task ''upon himself. 'i .Hehad not been long engaged in tho work i:when'&eal; called off his attention by a refer •eheeto tbe condition of his wounded horse. \- True)" said Anderton, returning to lookat tho animal; " I wonder that tho poor beast hns i held .out bo long. Ton, at any rate, must ride t: oh Neah-and X dare say the man at tho farm • vHU find another nag to bringyou bark again." All/rightT' said Ncal. "Perhaps X had \- bettm ride on, for yonder go our kind friends who took charge of the dead 'bull, and one of ' them has Bpney's reeking hide dangling over i his saddle bow. I shall return immediately " * ■{ .«?Don't;lose your way," his friend said; " ypn'lLfiud me here, I dare say." 'Neal having, inpursuanco ofthis arrangement, ' slowly ridden.away in tho direction where ho ^ supposed the homestead to be, Anderton tied :his horsoto a sapling, and continued his search -u^thegully, beating the bracken down with i:the.oropof the hunting-whip, which, until then, •' had Been suspended around him like a shoulder ". belt. .The.gully run farther than a casual ob ; serrer'would suppose, for Anderton still as r,?cehded breast- high in undergrowth which had ' evidently been;nndistnrhed_fo£raani a dftv bT anything more bulky than sacfT small ny as rpaddy-xaelonS, bandicoots, ©r'kangaroo rats. • ; -ui'jAfter'he had spent a quarter of an hour in irthis-manner,'the searcher paused, sat down on ' a" bit of "rock, lit his pipe, and pondered. His , - thoughts wandered far away, as they always , did when not actively employed, scanning in ;•'hasty, mental review the ups and downs of his • life; the' dial finger of memory going swiftly \- backwards over time and space until it brought t-:him.to the spot where, thank the Great Spirit, 1". it often brings the majority of us—to the'days when wo were without guile, and to tho place : which, with voice hushed into tender cadence, !wecall Homo. -.'.rFrom the midat of his reveries in the silence " ofiho forest, tho dreamer was awakened by a repetition of tiio" sound which bad originally caused him to dismount. This time there could r -be'no mistaking. what it was; it was a human \- groan, and it sounded near. „ - " Where are you ? What is the matter Y" he shouted. . | 'Another groan answered the summons, ac- j •cqmpanied by a scratching noise against what 'seemed to he tho hark of a tree. Anderton, .'thus directed into a new line of investigation, ; ' scrambled quickly out of th e gully, and haslened r /towards a giant hluo gum, which stood firm and ; apparently strong, hut which horo many .-..'evidences'of ago and possible internal decay. .There the search ended; there the mystery was • ' solved. ' The author of those human groans . was found—a poor old man, who .in his prime "•'must have been a model of athletic vigour, and 5 who.even now, though his heard was grizzled, ' 'and his hair white, and his face seamed across apd athwart with crooked wrinkles, was not j tho. description of enemy ono would caro *7 to meot in desperate combat. Tho •bluo gum was one of those deceptive trees fair r'to the oyo hut hollow to 'tho touch, for on the '" side furthest from tho track along which the 'sportimen had; been jogging it displayed a hugh'cavity into which thrco or four men /, might with ease have found shelter and con cealment. ' .• a " You seem ill, master," said Anderton, kneel tingdowri to whero the groaner lay in the hol •'low tree,'into which he had'fallen a helpless / heap. *.; J , • : j /'/The man turned up his eyes imploringly and I / groaned "again. V / - j 1 ;UTake a pull at this, friend," said AndorfcoH; I ' pouring -what littio brandy still remained in his \ /flask into its cup. r/V I '/ The stimulant revived him, gavo him new I ''life.V 'He straightened himself, rose to a sitting ./attitude, took'another dose of the restorative, ''mghed deeply/motioned to' Andorton to lend •him a hand, and by that assistance stood up > right ahd'atepped'out from the tree into.'the >.open. / ; ~: .". That has holpod'yon," said Anderton with a •cheery, smilo. - • Saved me," answered the other," saved me, sir—for the present." : .By degrees tho old man progressed from -'-*, prostration to liveliness, • and fshook .himself together,1; finally throw v ing< out'jhis . right ; hand and straightening 'back'his broad shoulders; as if anxious to dis ^cdver whothor the loading pnrla of tho machi ;nery were intact. :But to Andcrton's request -to see him'on his way, ho returned a curly , pegatiye. To his enquiries into his ailment, he ctrtlysaidhehad fainted, and manifested such ft disinclination to, hold further speech that Anderton ceased to ply him with questions. " I'll rido on and get you a cart if you'll promise not to move till I get back," Anderton at length observed, moving'towards his horse. The man's , eyes brightened at thiB, and he nodded his head aid growled a rough u. Thankee," adding—41 Another nip, Captain, :"• Certainly; thoro is not much left, I am sorry to say*, but you are welcome, and I'll leave the flask with you," answered Anderton. . Whereupon the old man sat down, near the tree, and Anderton put his horse into a canter. Tho homestead turned out to be-farther off" than the latter had supposed, and ho also learned on arrival thore that there was no cart to be had. Neal, however, had found a horse to bo had for the catching, and was ready to rejoin' his friend, who, putting meat, bread, and milk into bis saddle bag, was eager to return to tho hollow tree. * What is he like ?" he observed, in reply to question from Neal. " Ho is a veritable man. of tho woods-r shaggy, bull-necked, burly, rough. But, come hither, my friend, and let mo whisper: He is the ghost of the Cave." " How ? You are joking." " Nay, never a joke in it at all. The face of my wild man of tho woods is the face we saw in the palo bins light of the cavern." " Hid yon tell him so ?" j "I did not. I asked him,as if carelessly, I how for the celebrated caves were distant, and he gave mo such a gruff {How the devil ! shonjd I know ?' that I adjudged it prudent to 1 say no more." '. . "Turned rusty, did he?" . "Rusty and jagged as old hoop,iron. He seemed tolerably grateful for' the brandy, but he is a savage, every inch of him. We must turn off here; the hollow tree is not far off." Anderton was not a little puzzled when upon approaching the tree where he expected to find has sick man, he saw him hot. "All these gam trees are alike," Nealob served, " you have mistaken the way." '•Not; 60," answered. Anderton, still as tonished; "tho beat proof of that lies under your nose. Our savage, has had the honesty to leave my flask. at any rate, hut he's clean gone." Andgone'he was, leavinghot a trace behind. The young men, therefore, had their journey for nought, and they explained the unexpected disappearance by the theory that the unknown individual was anxious to avoid notico, andbad welcomed Anderton's proposal to procure a conveyance as a favourable opportunity to vanish. The.^ brightest aspect of the subject was the certainty that the person in queston was sufficiently recovered to be able to take caro of himself. Before they had arrived at the homestead upon whose kitchen settle they weMUtQ-slepn w "OoreTniinea to be up at dawn and on his way to tho Caves, or, as ho persisted in terming it, " The Haunted Cav6." Heal did not feel in clined to waste any farther time about the business, preferring to pass 'the spare hour or two before breakfast in posting up the diary which ho forwarded with most praiseworthy regularity to his wife at Hobart Town. The grass was wet with melting frost when Anderton walked at a brisk pace by the wheat fields whero tho few harvesters were already at work—albeit the sun had not yet fairly risen— and towards tho inouth of tho Cave.' "Where, during the day, all is Eolitude, there were now many signs of noisy life. Some of tho gallows looking trees which the settlers had ringed, but had nover been able to remove from tho corn patches, were held by flocks of great white cockatoos, whose yellow topknots caught the i new-born sunbeams and flashed like fine gold. I They soared, wheeled, circled, and decampod as .Anderton walked by the fence, but returned with harsh screams of triumph to ravage the poor farmers' precious grain. Beautifuliy plumagcd little kingfishers, flashing their emerald and red, darted towards a distant brook, wattle birds crossed the paddocks, gorgeously-coloured parrots In small com panies flew high and straight with the shrill i unmusical cry peculiar to all the families of | that gaily-coloured order. " Creation everywhere rouses to greet the ! god of day," said Anderton to himself, stepping out blithely in the frosh morning, "but tho month of yonder cave is as black and forbidding as a wolfs mouth." • Tho tributary passage in which Anderton had seen the appantiou, was verily black as ever, and he had no little difficulty, even by the aid of his candle, in finding its entranco. To his surprise and at the same time dolight, since it augured a successful issue to his search, he saw far ahead the samo palo glimmer of light be had observed on his former visit, and his foot < steps were further stimulated by a human groan | which rolled down the stalactite roof, a dismally distinct waiL Stumbling over pieces of rock, loose sand, and occasional rills of water, Ander ton hurried on, passed the pool as before, and advanced to the pale glimmer of light. "As. I suspected, tho ghostly mystery is easily, explainable when you have the key to itj" thought Anderton. ; Tho pale unearthly light, as was now self evident, had come in the natural order of things from tho upper world, and, obstructed in a variety of ways, reached the cavern through an aporture in the roof. So puzzled, however, was the explorer to account for tho aperture where ho was positives tio aperture existed on bis previous visit, that ho forgot the groan which ho had heard on groping his way along the passage! " A closer inspection showed him that the hole in the roof was rather in the side than centre, and not more than six feet above the floor;. and that it could bo reached by two niches in the rock which-did tho duty of a ladder. After a moment's reflection, Anderton ventured to ascend, and without muoh difficulty pulled himself through the aperture, found a foothold and a natural chamber dimly lighted through other apertures, the nature of which was sot easily dotocted.. Both Aiidorton and Neol, whon thoy con ducted their original exploration, had pene trated beyond ibis point of the subterranean passage, and the former could now ^ery well soe'that a singular stalactite formation rudely resembling a coil of rope, and protruding from, tho general face of the roof, had been by some means lowored from its position. " I have it now," scud Anderton peering about to satisfy himself how this natural trap door was hinged. "My wild man of the woods lives hereabouts, and lets himself down through tho roof by detaching a piece of it, which ho drags back to its place again. "When wo stood aghast tho other day at what certainly appeared to be a supernatural appearance, my jcntleman was in the cave, having comeper lops to fetch water. In the interval of onr absence he had .returned aloft, leaving tho Btoney coil of ropo to stare ub in the face and confound us." In tho end this explanation was proved to he. correct. The moveable portion of the roof was managed by thongs of green-hide. Tho stone itself fitted in tho hole with all the precision of a pioce of Japanese turnery, and on account of aomo remarkable overlapping could not have absolutely fallen even had thero been no agency to sustain it. It could be easily pulled into its place from the upper chamber into which j Anderton had climbed, and which he now pro-1 ceeded to explore with minuteness by the assistance of the candles he had brought for emergencies. It was a room about twelve feet by fourteen, and the walls were of hard smooth limestone, tho roof was almost invisible in the dim light that was filtered through from above, perhaps through foliage of a'dense description. *. Having walked round this.apartment several times, and observed, near the ready-made trap door, a couple of kerosene tins filled with water, and a stone jar near them overturned so recently that the water still stood in puddles upon the hard ground, Anderton found a narrow bIU, which though apparently a super ficial rift in the wall, was another artificial doorway. . Through this he thrust the light which illuminated & dark passage sparkling with white stalactite crust. He pushed through and observed on the inside a rudely hewn log fitted so that in an instant it might be used to barricade the slit. It was a masterly place of concealment. The chances against any person finding it out were enormous, and the chances of any person forcing an entrance, first through the roof of the cave, and secondly through the rift in the wall, were even greater. Tho sparkling passage, into which Anderton had now found entrance was straight for per haps twenty yards; then it curved suddenly to the right, and opened into another spacious chamber, the walls and roof of which sparkled mostbrilliantly. "Ha, ha] my good wild man of the woods, _ hope I don't intrude," said Anderton, moment of danger though it might be, speaking in a tone of transparent lightheaxted man of the hollow gum tree and the tenant of the fairy cave were one and the eatae. He was lying in evident pain in a cot, resembling tho bunk of a ship's cabin. A revolver lay on a three-legged stool close at hand! a couple of I guns leaned against the wall at the head of the ] Dertb. The room was fitted up most comfort ably, and what struck Anderton perhaps more than anything else "was a screen placed at! another entrance into thick darkness, through which (it transpired) _ there was a perpetual draught of air, the said screen being covered with pictures from English and American illustrated journals. But the poor king of Fairyland was in sad straits, weak and in pain, ana unable or nn willing to speak. His lack-lustre eyes were nevertheless fixed npon the gentleman, who had, like Paul Pry, hoped he did not intrude. Upon opening his eyes" and first becoming Qwaro of the presence of a stranger, he had mechanically attempted to reach towards the stool, but he dropped his arm with a groan upon the 'possum skin coverlid, as Anderton adroitly, and as if unintentionally, sat down upon the dangerous weapon. Then ho turned his face to the wall, moaned and wearily closed his eyes. " You aro very ill, my poor fellow," said Anderton, having rendered nis seat more com fortable, and precautionsmore certainly shifting the revolver from the stool to a table. " I shall bring a doctor to see you as soon as I get to Deloraine." The man shook his head, still keeping his eyes closed, and the gesture through all its feebleness, evinced obstinate determination. "Another feint?" asked Anderton, nn screwing his flask. " Try the prescription." The man of the woods, nothing loath, by Anderton's assistance, raised himself, and did not refuse the brandy which the young man placed to his lips. As before, it revived him almost instantaneously, and his first use of restored strength was to take down from a shelf overhead a coal-black pipe which he showed to Anderton, falling back from ex haustion as ho did so. Anderton understood the movement, filled the old man's pipe, filled his own, and the samelight kindled both. For several minutes they smoked in silence.' "Now "then, my friend, what can I do for you," askod Anderton " Leave mf>." Raid tl Leave me," said the other. "No, I mean to stay here with you till yon are better,*' said Anderton, quietly, and looking about for a rug or something that would im prove the sick man's pillow accommodation. If the occupant of the bunk had been in health, he would, judging from the sudden effort he made to spring out, have leaped at Mr. Anderton's throat. But ho fell backwards again, savagely pointing to Ihe musket against the wall. Anderton, without moving Mb position, smiled calmly and said, " Nonsense, old man, you won't frighten mo. My duty is to look after you, and I mean to doit; so the best thing you can do is to be obedient, 'What do you say?" " Clear out!" he growled, " That won't do. Let us make a bargain. I won't tell a soul about you, and your beauti ful castle here until I fetch a. doctor, and FU hind him. down to secresy if you like t" I " Who told yon I want aeoresy P " "Wyreason. .* 'Come! cornel .don'fc be Afraid of me. I'm here :as a friend—if you'll be lieve it." ' ' The man, however, was not moved by this offer of friendship, for he received it with a ferocious sneer and an impatient movement of his shaggy bead. Anderton feared nothing, and, excited by the novelty of the adventure, determined to maintain possession. This be frankly told tho patient, laughingly reminding , him that possession is nine points of the law* Here the man again looked towards his gun, • and Anderton, pretending to understand that he wanted, to look at it, leisurely took it up; examined it (noticing that it was capped, ana, therefore, no doubt loaded), and handed it to its owner, who stared at the young.man, and turned his face again away, while Ander ton replaced tho gun against the wall. By and hyo he built a charcoal fire in the outer apart ment, boiled the billy, found and made some tear-in fact, made himself very useful .and very much at home. In tho coarse of a couple of hours the sick man was up and about, and Anderton accom panied him, at his request, to secure th6 fortress by pulling up the stone door in thd roof. " Now, you see, I am in your power altoge ther. It is like the story books, is it hot ? Giants, ogres, dungeons, and .all the test. Bub I dare say yon won't eat me." The person thus playfully appealed to.Shook his head sadly, very much it mustbe confessed aA if he thought that he should be extremely pleased to enact the rule of feo-fi-fo-fnm, but had not the energy to go through with it. At this time he was sitting on a projection in the wall, Naturehaving thoughtfully provided not only sitting and drawing room finely ventilated; and on the same floor, but any quantity of seatfc whenever you required to rest. Soon, however, another humour passed over him and he held out his hand. Anderton, imagined he wished to be helped to his feet, and acted accordingly, but the King of The Cave shook his hand firmly, uttering the ono word " Right." " Then right it is," said Anderton, support ing him back to the chief room. And right it was. By degrees the tubti "be* came more communicative. story was full of startling episodes. His history proved forthe tenthousandth time that truth is stranger than . fiction. He had the makings of one whoso footprints should have been .left, honoured ex amples, on the sands of time, hut his talents had "been converted at the outoet into thi wrong ohanneL - • Not until Andcrton hod enlisted his con* fidence, in exchange for honest and transparent ' sympathy, did the man open his'hekrt* Towards noon, the hours meanwhile having passed with nimble heels, Andarton said ho would return to the farm, and obtain a few ifie alarm which he would natu rally feel at a prolonged absence. But he tried > first to obtain a promise from the sick man— . namely, a promise that he should be allowed free ingress on his return. Peremptorily and surlily refusing for a while, he at length gruffly gave the desired assurance in: the laconic "Bight," which, seemed to be in his eyes all that was typical of loyalty and trust. Perhaps Andcrton wasnot more pleased than I surprised when, after an absence of a couple of hours ho returned, to find the trap-door ' open to welcome him! On his part, Anaerton. had been forced into making two promises* In the first place he was to say nothing to his friend of what he had seen, and was to take no steps—at least until next day—towards calling in medical assistance. In the second place he was to secure the circular door'in the roof with religious care—promises which, it is scarcely necessary to add, were carried out in spirit and letter. "Now, sir, I tbinV we understand each other," observed Anderton, depositing. tha package he had brought with him, wiping .tha perspiration from his forehead, and seating himself on the stool by the side of the bunk, u you trust mo and I trust yon." Though this remark was hazarded as much in the tone of an interrogation as a statement, the sick man would not treat it as such. .• He grunted, and performed that favourite trick- of turning his face to the wall. A king, Heze* kiah of Old Testament renown, it will be remembered, signified his agitation in Old same " Well, sir, is it a bargain ?" asked Anderton, pausing for a reply, and repeating thequery thrice before he obtained an answer. "Right," at length? burst from the man as he got out of his bunk and straightened himself oat, as he had done near the hollow tree on the previous day. " Then that is settled, comrade, and here I mean to camp till to-morrow,", said Anderton, The thing was settled in that way, and Mr. Anderton proceeded to znako himself, at home his own cool, comfortablo, fashion. It may now be seen how confidence begat sympathy. • * ' " >, and bout and sympathy fostered confidence, together unlocked the heart which had been sealed for many a long, stern year. Time and space fail us to tell the wonderful tale of this man's life, as it was told in fragments, while the spirit moved the teller, to Anderton, but it is essential to the completeness of this story, that •* its prominent incidents should be given. " By the way," Anderton had said, during the afternoon upon which he became a recog nised inmate of the Cavern, " we have not been formally introduced to each otber. True, we are living here in something of Robinson Crnsoo style, but we mayj as well observe the formalities, notwithstanding. My name is Anderton." "Anderton!" excleimed the other opening wide his eyes. "Why I knew a village by that name. I was born there. I have been . taken with queer fainting fits for a month past, and in the half doze half wakefulness that kopb me lying about while 1 was getting^ round, it was nothing but Anderton village church, with the tower covered with ivy, out of which I have taken many a' sparrow's egg, and jackdaw's nest;—Harper's mead down py Barker* s mill—the hazel copse where wo went nutting of Saturday afternoons—they hart all risen np one after another like pictures, "and the funny thing is X was always in the picture, a little chap in pinafore and leggings,- i just as I was when X went to school in the old thatched place near the churchyard. Ander ton? Ha! God help us.*'' ^ The old man's auditor had opened his eyes too on hearing this, for he recognised, the rillage from which his family derived its name. Andcrton of Andcrton von may hunt ont for yourself in any good county history^ The astonishment Andcrton felt, he did hot exhibit however. He smiled encouragingly, (for the man hadjburied his face in his hands towards the conclusion of his remarks), and said, " Cheer up, you are weak just now; it will be all right presently. Now then, yon have my name, what is yours ?"• " Well, sir, I hare had many names in my time, but I am pretty generally known as .• Bat etop, let me go back. Xf ever you go home to England, and should find yourself in Ander* ton churchyard, stroll across the graves to the 1 last yew tree; there's a headstone the farther ride of it, and this is what youll read on it, • Sacred to the memory of Timothy Shipton.' Timothv Shipton was my father." M Ana your christian name?" asked Anderton quickly. " Ask any of the people in Anderton who was the worst scapegrace ever known in those parts, and they'll say it was Farmer Shipton'a eon Luke. That's me." Here Anderton rose from his stool, threw up ' his hands, as if in amazement, and paced along the smooth floor. - u Oh I there's worse to come, Mr. Anderton; so don't be shocked yat F" said he, imagining that his hearer was horrified at. the mere • mention of his j avenile delinquencies. But Anderton in the half-dozen turns he took in the chamber, had been taken captive by a host of thoughts that came in like a flood, and . he scarcely noticed that Shipton, as he an nounced himself, had, pleading* fatigue, turned once more into Ins bunk, and lay quiet on his ito system of short-hand ■writing has yet been discovered that can keep pace "with ihemighty,irresistible speedofbnman thoughts, for there are times when all the hidden springs of mintj, soul, and body are quivering with pulsation, and when we five a long life in a few moments of time. Something like this Ander ton was experiencing now. " This poor fellow has a history as he says," would be Anderton's communing," "and by some strange coincidence I can myself fill up the • - earlier- chapters. Lnke Shipton! It is a strange • coincidence; I am almost led to think the finger r of Providence is here. Let me think. Tet there is not much thinking required, for often •: indeed have I heap! my father speak of this : self B&me; hermit, upon whom I fear Death has \- silently laid his grisly hand. Then this is v Luke Shipton the poacher, the prodigal, the r ' rusticDonJuan, the dare-devil, the law-breaker, \- who was transported for what everybody used and ell his faults, with a good deal of tenderness. • -It was always 'Poor Luke.' Aye, my own father's keeper would recount his exploits until Luke Shipton was half a hero in our boyish eyes. I havo heard the women call to remem • brance his handsome figure, tawny skin, and • zaven hair; and the men—I have heard them at harvest time, resting from the midday heat, over their bread and cheese and cider flagons, • remind each other of his pluck and good \- nature. Sometimes at dinner people in our condition would sum him up as a wild fellow. \- That was the squire's dining- room verdict, but out in the fields, or in the barn, or on the rude * benches under the chestnut tree over the ale house,^they would always end their mention of him with * Poor Luke.' And here is poor Luke \- thinking of tho Bweet rural life whose purity he -outraged. Ah! It just comes to memory \- - that one of the justices who assisted in the committal of Luke Shipton to take his trial at ' the assizes was Anderton of Anderton. It was " certainly so. Have I not heard my father de • fend the committal, "which afterwards weighed heavily upon the magisterial mind, by saying .. that Luke was transported, not so much for knockingdownahare,andthrashingakeeper, as for a long line of misdeeds. And here lies ..' Poor Luke/ I wonder how far he deserved ' the pity which has been handed down with the • . traditions of his faults 1" " And what do you think was my last name, • young gentleman?" by-and-by asked the man j • from his berth. | Anderton shook his head. j " Well, it was Clawdevil." \- * Clawdevil ?' " Bight. Clawdevil, the bushranger," he re . plied, with a smile, a triumphant smile that \- disturbed his wrinkles until they puckered up 'his face. "You must be'a stranger to Van s Dieman's Land, else you would have heard of Clawdevil, the bushranger, and heard a good deal more than is true, I'll warrant/' "Clawdevil!" murmured Anderton, half ' aloud. " Claw-devil! did not Major Talbot fnterfain us one evening by the daring raids ' and escapes of a bushranger ? 1 have it." ' " I doa't remember hearing of Claw-devil," he then said, turning to the bed," but a friend of mine in Hobart Town told us a long story ' once of a bushranger in the South of the island ' they called Claude da Vol." . "Bight," the other replied. " That is it. One of the newspapers christened me Claude •.du Yal, and the nearest way the wiseacres ; could get at it was to make it Claw-deviL" A pause followed this admission, which was j * another surprise, and Anderton became . thoughtful, looking slowly around from the • muskets to the revolver, from the revolver to . the tomahawk, from the tomahawk to a for midable knife, hung against the wall beyond. Clawdevil probably guessed the purport of his thoughts. " Don't fear, Mr. Anderton," he said," bush ranger once in self-defence; bushranger no longer. Clawdevil is only a poor old hunter now, who has tried these tenyears come Christ 'inas'to get out of sight, and out of the light.' Wrong again. I should have said was a poor •old-hunter. FU hunt no more, Mr. Anderton, 'cept there' should happen to*be those'Happy hunting grounds the Bed Indians believe in.7 "Oh, cheer up, Shipton," said Anderton, "/We'll bring you round before you know where j on are." " Aye, sir, you may bring me round, but it'll be when you bear me through the passage never to come back again." "No, no. Have courage. While there's life there's hope." I 11 I've been at death's door twenty times i lately; aye, and three parts over: the silk . I knew there was something God was keeping me lingering for. It was for a witness to appear. You are the witness, hlr. Anderton. There's a chest in the corner and a pocket-book in it Will you bring the book?" And while Anderton obeyed- this request and was rummaging for the pocket-book, Claw devil, the old penitent bushranger, talked to' himself:— ."Yes, it's coming at last Yet, this has been a'happy hom&. Good-bye, happy home, then. I knew it. While he was gone to Ms friend this morning, I was under the yew-tree again and heard the knell, just as I heard it on that cloudy windy-day in naytime when they laid her Ah! there will be no knell forme. God is good. Bight." And .when Anderton stepped across with the pocket-book he noticed that the bushranger's face glistened in the feeble lamp-light. The big starting tears had lodged in the labyrinth of wrinkles like water-courses in a thirsty land. * (To be continued.) 