®mml gftfe. Diary. — We have received Messrs. Serymgour and Sons' Monthly Diary for the present month. y&s; Weather is beginning to call forth sundry growls from agriculturists, rain fceing sadly wanted in-raany parts'.' The crops are looking dry. as also is feed, and unless the rain comes soon, the prospect. w9J be anything but cKeerful. Let .us hope that t mSy'sobn descend in sufficient quantities to dispil dadc {topes* rand that the season may end as prr pitiously as it began. ' Ora Nevt Take.- — We regret that we are nnable to puwiBu one commencement ot toe new iaie tor this paper in the present issue; we will, however, do so in pur next. ' The Australian Family Heralij.' — We have to acknowledge the receipt of the first number of s hew'weeklv paper bearing the abwe title, con ducted by Mr. G. -'E. Loyan, who has been well known in the literary circles in the colonies for many years paRt, and under his directions we are sure the Herald will fulfil its mission — viz., that of nnpplying weekly a' selection of choice and interest ing literature of an oUa podrida nature, suitable for * all classes of readers. The paper is published in 8vo form, 16 pages, printed iu neat style by Messrs. Scrymgour & Sons. E&nroE; Alfred's Birthday was observed as a general holiday at Strathalbyn, which 'during the' day was almost deserted, there being several at tractions outside the town. Tlie early truck took a few away to the Goolwa Regatta, and numbers went to Milang, taking advantage of the excursion trip of the -'Dispatch' to so to the regatta by water. A large. nun? ber also went to Blackwood, where tbey enjoyed the pleasures of a private rural picnic on one: of the pretty sections belonging to Mr. Thos. Graham, J.P., and spent a highly enjoyable day. ♦* JSural pastimes all inviting' found all* ready to partake, and ' Dancing on the heath1' was also in dulged in. ^The party returned to Strathalbyn in the evening, and later nearly all the picnioians mastered at the Institute Hall, where a pleasant social evening of singing and dancing was spent — the enjoyment being carried far into the.' wee. ?null bdvu» of borais^.' ;..''; , ' Boadmakikg is general jdst now* throughout the district, and' as a matter of course' tr&ytl.; ing is not very pleasant. We bear many complaints that the newly-laid metal is. not blinded and rolled as soon as it ought to be, in many cases there being long stretches loose and unrolled. Blinding and rolling should follow the laying of new metal as speedily as possible. . \\. I-'-'- - Caixington Mine ? :We are pleased to see that Steps are being taken to rework this old copper mine, in which a most valuable lode haa lately been discovered. In another column will be found a prospectus together with a very valuable report from an eminent mining authority, on the import ance of the lode generally. -. The shares are offered at a very low figure— Is. on application^ and a balance of 4s. in calls of la. at two months interval per share. It is to hoped that the venture m -y prove a sascessful one — we have no doubt l-ut tbat the mine if properly worked would turn out one of the best in the colony,- ani the advantages - that would accrue to a district by the euc «ssful working of a mine in it cannot be over estimated. Steamer Excursion.— -On Monday last the splen did new mail steamer, ' Dispatch,' made an excursion trip to Goolwa and back— the oeeasien being Prince Alfred's Birthday and the the Giolwa Fejatta. Although but very short notice had been given, 120 or 130 excursionists were on board by about half-past seven in the morning, including representatives from Strathalhyn. Macclesfield, and all quarters -within reasonable distance, and shortly afterwards a start was made, and the Goolwa wharf was reached after an exceedingly short run at about 11 o'clock, just in time to seethe commencement of the regatta. At 4 o'clock the steamer parted company from the wharf Hgiin. and returned to Milang, reaching the jetty at about half -past seven, every one having enjoyed a delicious mild evening npan the smooth waters. The accom modation offered for such trips as these by the ' Dispatch.' is excellent — the decks are roomy and comfortable, the saloon ditto, and the provisions ample and satisfying. The steward deserves par ticulor mention for his courteous attention to the increasing -cravings of the hungry ani thirsty mul titude all the day; and to Captain Tait and all concerned the thanks of every one are dne for a most delightful trip, accompanied with speed, com* ivitf, auu caieiy, auu it in w uu uu(ieu limit ui»tuy more opportunities will occur for & reminder of the pleasures to be derived through our lake and Murray Bteamers. A Novel Wage* — One evening this week a merry party in Strathalbyn were seated round a fireside indulging every passion for borrors by telling the moat extraordinary «? ghost stories' that could be brought to recollection, and gradually the subject of ' cemetery bravery' was brought on, when one of the party a young gemleman. declared his willingness to go to any part of the Strathalbyn cemetery at midnight, and this statement led to a wager feeing rnjide tlat he would not that night go and deposits bunsh of keys npon a specific I grave. This he accented and started shortly before mid night, returning in the course of the next half hour, having traversed the whole of the distance, two miles and a half, over a sandy and rough road, walked 50 yards into the cemetery, ani deposited the bunch of keys upon the grave. The gentleman who laid the wager thinking that the distance could not be done in the time, the courage -us one was sent to his room with a companion who was to see tbat he did not leave it during the night, and early next morning, they then drove up to the cemetery when the keys were found npon the identioal grave agreed upon. The time occupied was so short as to deserve notice, anyone kniwing the road will at once recognise that fact, the distance from the house from where he started to the cemetery gate baing rather more than a mile and a quarter, so that our ' brave'1 friend must have stepped it out pretty considerably — whether im pelled by fear or courage we cannot say. f yLENnin Vegetables are the rule at Paris Cr^ek. Mr. Garwood has just sent us a sample of carrots, weighing nearly four, pounds each I .and he has 60 bags similar for sale. '?: ; 