yr- » — -DENOMINATIONALISM. Noone hardly /ventures to speak of it as a 1 good ; /but) we ' are bouHd,all the same, to say \- that ;it is! not necessarily the unmixed evil that ;l itiis -frequently, said .to he by those whose habit. \- i-ir. in to -find; fault all round, themselyes excepted. : . j At any 'Tate itfmayrsafely besaid that whatever i; ' evils are. either inherent in , it, or incidental to \- it, must ; ;be! greatly exacerbated by making the !-i worst,' and not the best of; it. An eminent man, \- now amongst us,; lately said that church estab lishments foBter , pride, exclusiveness, and a \- dependence upon external things. ; Pride, ex- 1 (clusiveness, and dependence, upon external things, run in human nature, whether or. not. Their inception is referable chiefly to the human heart. We are all of. one blood in this respect. There are, no doubt, .some things, that- are- more apt to become the occasions of. this errant wantonness in man; than others. ; We do not presume to assert that church establish- . mentshreof-this'sort ; that w as mayibe. But we venture to say that this is as much as can be said concerning them in this respect. .Just as the kingdom of God is. not .meat and drink, so also the direst evils that -afflict, humanity are chargeable - otherwhere ' than upon outward , things.-, ! It is risky, in logic to assume causes, group "them without.- reason; or warranty and \- .'then make absolute and final statements there- upon.- > The Archbishop of Canterbury may he the meekest, gentlest, and most generous man \- in the world ; and the moBt resolved and rabid anti-churchist' may- be the most proud,., un-. generous, and- exclusive. One can never tell. The forces that< underlie life are stronger than \- the- ihstruments by which they work. Ye, arc they vijiich justify yourselves before men ; but £»oa ffoibweth >your -hearts. The only correct and \- righteous -judgment is the judgment of God, for the simple reason that none but He can know " the 'heart. « Those who endorse the doctrine of 'the'utility-'of churoh establishments would be ' -ready.- to show cause for their conviction, that, "admitting the worst that could be urged, there are still radical and compensating advantages ; that the gain, in fact, -is greater than the loss. . ; ; iDehominationalism is another branch of ' the ;,oarae subject ; and, while there may be little to \- be said for it per se, there are yet reasons and \- excuses1 for it which have aright to- be fairly , considered. It may be extra- Christian in some 'of" its -issues, but it is not necessarily anti- . Christian. Tha ostensible raison d'etre of every ' .new -denomination is, that all pre-existing ones "fail to/seize and reflect the mind of Christ in some important particular. That they are— not too/ extremely Christian, 1 but not Christian enough'-in- 'some 'given respects. That such /judgment1 is sometimes based upon a serious misconception, and fraught with its own perils \- and Vioriiiiries; ' does not affect the fact that it may, nevertheless, be sincerely held and ' honestly acted upon. Every new denomination affects' some, peculiar mode of' self-denial and strictness of life, or develops some new phase of energy1 and "enterprise, as -a substantial reason for its. departure. It seeks to express some higher- and not a lower form of Christian life. It feels that it must show loftier morality in . .spine respects than its predecessors, as a, reason - ' -.able' excuse for its existence. It is not un- frequently the case that new denominations do TecOveiy. rehabilitate, present afresh, and give at V once - prominence, and fixity, to some im portant, but; 'disused1 and neglected trnth, in /that arcana of divine knowledge, the whole of 'which is. meant1 for man. Every denomination -is'fonnded on soine'peciality of doctrine or dis- 'cipline, and. it is hardly too much to say; of this, in-'; a world governed by God, that it is a \- prqvideritial mode Of ' discovering in detail, and of disclosing and maintaining the entire body of ' Christian faith and practice. The great central 'and eternal fact, that Christ's kingdom lis spiriWal, was established for- ever when the Church Was founded. The demonstration on , tlip day of Pentecost was to this end. The whole truth had been declared by Christ and r-His Apostles, but there were then none of the '. modern appliances which now make the book of ' knowledge one open and illuminated page- 'Awry'much, therefore, of what had been com mitted to man, became overlaid by the accumu- ' lations of tradition, isaperstition, and human authority, so that a man1 like Luther, and a ! work; /like1 his, were urgently needed. Christ \- c'ajm'e. to-send a sword. ' The doctrine of justifica- ; tion by, faith, as preached by the Reformer and "his- coadjutors, made its own way, . demanded its own institutions, and, ev.entuated; ih)'a new ''denomination. Has i that denomination done good work, or bad in the world ? The Church of 'England ' became 1 a new denomination by the "logic and inevitable results of its protest against Popery, and was for generations the chief, and , - almost theonly/ bulwark against the insidious, "malicious; and persistent advances of Rome. ' Would it', have been better, or worse for the world if' she had sacrificed her voeation to her " dislike IbjT deriominationalism ? The great ' revival of religion which began in Oxford 150 ' years .ago, and which has become known to the ''whole -world as Methodism, was, in a manner '"as "cjearas the upheaval of a new continent by "vplpanic'force, thrust out to occupy a new post, "and to' stand in a new relation to Christendom.; 'Would it have been better for the wofld if, in' > dislike of the impending responsibility, Wesley ' fed slunk back to his tent, and pouted and -8ulk"e3:a'w"ay his day and his opportunity ? The . denomiiiationalism of Scotland might have been averted if the nation would but have yielded to . Romanism, or submitted to . Prelacy. The < denominations have ' a providential purpose so .' distinct that he that runneth may read-; and it v isfitheir sufficient vindication that when they .. find their work they do it. The Episcopalian '.Church has the chance to insist upon righteous- "nessuin high places. Presbyterians, by the . ."elaborate 'education, of their clergy, and the lid! square ", character of the intellect of their vpeoplo, are set for the defence of the faith, and .for/watching the outposts of its citadel. The ABaptists .are bound to maintain and. make plain the significance of that Divine ordinance which .')is;;at onco the figure and exponent of- the wash- t/ing/of : regeneration and renewing of the Holy " Ghost.. . There is not.- an existing Protestant ".Church; which does not owe a debt of obligation . to Independency for the unique manner in which; it i has watched," and toiled, and fought "for- a ; civil and religious - liberty, and i which is mowhere else so well understood, and at the « !u.v VA. f 1 1 JT 5 same time so well restrained- and subordinated. Methodism is exceptionally fitted by its spirit, aims, and organisation to take and keep' its position ad the pioneer and evangelising body!; ' and even 'the Plymouth brethren; faulty and misconceived as some of their ideas are generally regarded, are making a contribution- to .the cause of trnth by the manner in which they in sist upon the immanency of the authority and power of the Word of God. Denominational influence stirs to emulation, and provokes to love and' good works. It prompts the'Churches to supply vacancies, and to be quick in sending the Gospel where there is a demand' for it. It supplies the1 reciprocal and corrective counter poises which have a salient and salutary effect in correcting error, encouraging the truth, and pro tecting Bound doctrine. Denominations are differ ent regiments, and their colours and accoutre ments are distinctive, but as they in turn are -divided into companies, so also they are parts of the same army. Every body is composed of sections, but not of divisions ; and the body of Christ is no exception to the rule ; but it is one all the same, and is animated by the same spirit. There are many means and many ministries, but they are ail to the same end "forthe perfecting of the saints- for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ. Till -we- all come in the unity of the faith, and of the- knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ, that, speaking the truth in love, we may grow up into Him in all things, whioh is the Head, even Christ, from whom the whole body, fitly joined- together, and com pacted by that which every joint supplieth, according to the effectual working in the measure of every part; maketh increase of the body unto the edifying of itself in love.". Closer knit to Thee our Head ; .. Nourish ns, O Christ, and feed ; Let us daily growth receive ; \- More and more in Jesus live. Many, are we now, and one, We who Jesus have put on. ' There is neither bond nor free, Male nor female, Lord, in Thee. Love, like death, has all destroyed ; Ren der'd all distinctions void ; . Names and Beets, and parties fall ; . Thou, O Christ, art all in all! 