A CHAPTER ON POCKETS. The present is a pocket age ; the idea of the pocket has entered into almost every phase of life ; and we can hardly dive very deep into our pockets without causing our souls to wince ! We are moved by a twofold impulse — to discover pocket analogies in nature and the world, and to reduce nature and the world to pocket compass. In obedieftce to the former, Ave talk of nights dark as a pocket, of pocketing aflronts, of a pocket conscience, a pocket sheriff, a pocket hero ; call Monaco a pocket Icingdom, and in short ring a thousand changes on the theme, such as will recall themselves to anyone. In the other direction, besides our old familiar pocket Bibles, pocket pistols, pocket dress ing cases, and pocket overcoats, we are getting pocket batli-tubs, pocket easels, pocket bedsteads, pocket canoes, and pocket shelter tents. At this stage we need no prophet to herald the man who shall live in a well-furnished pocket mansion, drive out in a pocket steam carriage, pro fess a pocket religion, yield up a pocket ghost, and be interred in a pocket coffin. A formidable mon ster, truly, is this pocket — a sort of Frankenstein, which we have set a going, but cannot control. In order to realise the fact that our pockets are, in reality, our other selves (and not our secondary selves either), we have only to imagine the reception which an individual destitute of pockets, and of what goes into them, would meet with in a civilised community. He would be lost, shunned, a pariah; an outcast, unsuccoured and un believed in. Men are suspicious of the most engaging stranger until they have, at least figuratively, picked his pockets; and would lookaskance at their best friend were lie to turn up some morning pocketless. More surely than the apparel the pocket now proclaims the man. We know one another through our pockets ; Ave love, and marry, and are divorced through our pockets ; we fight, or 'abstain from fighting,' at the instance of our pockets ; in1 deference to our pockets we murder, steal, and lie. When a dead body is found, we look, to identify it, first in its pockets, and only afterwards in its face ; and that suicide must indeed despise life who will empty his pockets before committing the rash act. A prisoner's pockets are searched, as a sign that he is hence forth deposed from his position as a responsible human being. ' The test of our power over a man is our hold upon his pocket ; and there are probably few slaves so abject as not to possess at least one small fob unrifled. It is a remarkable anomaly in our code of justice that pocket-picking is not made the capital offence, since it is the pick pocket who injures us in our most vital part. ELe is the bane Of our generation, he commits the unpar donable sin, his hand is against every man, and every man's hand is against him. His most appro priate and most terrible punish ment would be, to be cast adrift upon the world, for ever disquali fied from wearing a pocket ; but such a sentence the sternest of judges would sliud.der to inflict, 'and the wretched criminal Avould plead for mercy and a halter. As might be expected from- what, has been already advanced, pockets* are in many ways a subtle and trustworthy index of character ; in fact pochiastrij — to coin a word — is quite as well worth studying as either phrenology, palmistry, or grammatomaucy. Whether Ave con sult the fashion of our fellows' pockets, .their contents, or tlie pecu liar ways in wliicli they arc mani pulated, we shall find them rich in suggestions. A envious observer might profitably spend a good pari of his time in a fashionable tailor';; shop — in the ostensible capacity ot deputy-assistant measurer, perhaps but really with an eye to diving tlie souls of the various customers from ; their . several tastes in pockets. He would note, in tlie first place, that ; in the matter of pockets, and in that ..alone, does the fashionable tailor aforesaid, permit liis votaries any freedom of olioice. He knows, be ing wise in his generation, that dis cretion is the better part of despot ism ; and that a man will sooner submit to wearing a fashionable straight-jacket than to being over \- ruled — even in a fashionable direc tion — in his pockets. Accordingly ; this young swell of the haw-haw type, orders lus trouser-pockets to ; be cut vertically down the seam ; while the other who belongs rather to the horsey order, and wears heavy rings, broad sleeve-butjons, fancy scarf-pin, and glittering watcli . chain, must have his open horizon tally in front of the hip. Mark, again, the gulf that divides the ? gentleman whose handkerchief ? peeps from an outside breast pocket from him who wears it mysteriously within ; how different are both ; from the respectable personage who produces his bandanna from the skirts of his black frock ; and how i superior are all these to the wretch who smuggles his 'wipe' into the ..pocket of his trousers ! Here is a . school-boy ; he cares little for the \- appearance of his p9ckets, so that they are deep and stout, as his 11a ? ture is ardent and insatiable. Yon der comes a yellow-clawed stock broker who will have buttons put to liis pockets; and after him a com mercial traveller, whoso pockets are ? a speciality. Next — but space fails us, and we must cut this procession short. . When we see an unkempt, anxious individual, who refers on all occa sions to a sequestered inner breast pocket, as though he owned nothing that was not invaluable, we know liim for an injured bankrupt or a deserving refugee. A timid, retir ing nature is prejudiced in favor of waistcoat pockets, because he can get in and out of them readily and inconspicuously. Large, pompous men, on the contrary, love to fetch things from their tail-pockets, witli a grand sweep and a flourish. The bald-headed, complacent philanthro pist rejoices in wide, baggy pockets, to hold the overflowings of liis heart ; footpads and suspicious characters like baggy pockets too, generally in their overcoats. A rich country squire, with cheery Voice arid broad shoulders, prefers doing business with the side-pockets of:;! liis knickerbocker sack-coat, which are accessible off-hand, and without bothering. And as there are pockets proper to different types of . men, so also are there pockets peculiar to all the seven ages, from the , child, with his single trouser pocket to the lean and slippered j-antaloon, who feels for his tremul ous snuff box and gold-bowed spec tacles. : To that branch of our subject which deals witli the manipulation of pockets Ave have scarcely left our selves room to allude, though it in volves much that is curious and in teresting. Pockets are a great assistance in striking attitudes, and a man's attitudes betray him. In solent wealth thrusts its hands into its trouser pockets, rattles its money at you, and measures you from your head to your boots. There 'is a species of jaunty exquisite, who poises his white forefinger and thumb in the pocket of his waistcoat. There is a; bluff, stern- browed man, who slioyes his fists defiantly into the side pockets of his roundabout jacket ; there is the elderly, old fashioned gentleman, who gets his slender hands into the pockets of his /broadcloth skirt coat, and turns his' iback upon the fire. .But all these are not a tithe of the,-: discoveries which reward the student who looks at life through a pocket, lens. On the whole, it appears that the smaller a man's nature is, the more self-conscious and fussy, the greater his depen dence ,on pockets. The more pocket the less man ; petty people run to pocket. But the man who ignores pockets proves the wealth of his internal resources. Heroes make, little account of them — put ' their: hands in them only for tlie purpose of taking something out to do good with. The hands of simple, great, preoccupied men, hang by their sides, awkwardly, perhaps, but respectably. ' Pockets arc anti Christian — at least the Apostles had none — and wc shall look for them in vain in the New J erusalem. The ideal is pocketless. 