Denis Durnford's Burden. The History of a Life, in Three Phases. (Written for the Queenslander Christmas Supplement.) PHASE I. BY W. SENIOR. DENIS DURNFORD, as you might see from the manner in which he trode the pavement of Queen-street, was a child of fortune. Some said he was very much its spoilt child. He was a well-built handsome young fellow, the supposed heir to great wealth, affable to high and low, clever, a sayer of smart things, a man to whose future relatives and friends looked with great expectations. In a small room to the rear of the old Sovereign hostelry —ancient residents will well remember the place—a knot of thinking and talking men were daily accustomed to smoke their pipes after luncheon, and settle the affairs of the colony and the world at large. The dingy apartment seemed to brighten when Durnford's healthy, happy, bold face appeared in the doorway, and the philosophers were very proud of their favorite. They had one day been engaged in a rigorous discussion upon the land laws, and young Durnford had delighted both Conservative and Liberal by his clear views, and the eloquent language in which he had, with many an airy wave of his meerschaum, enunciated them. " This part of the country has never yet produced a really brilliant man," said Tomkins, after the child of fortune had left; "but Denis will make a name and a figure of which we shall all be proud." As for Denis Durnford and the susceptible young ladies of the infant city, they fairly worshipped him. In every drawing-room he came, saw, and conquered. There were at least lix beauties in and around the city, and in Ipswich, which was then virtually metropolis, who by their respective admirers were pointed out to strangers as the belle of the colony, and there was not one of them who would hesitate to give the cold shoulder to any other mortal man, did Denis Durnford but graciously condescend to appear and claim her attention. In a word, the caps that (to use a vulgar old phrase) were set at him were sufficient both in quantity and variety to have stocked a moderate-sized warehouse. In the eyes of farseeing mammas he was a most eligible party. He was the hero of every public ball or private dance, and not to be ousted from his supremity even by the military or the officers of an occasional man-of-war, the arrival of which, as everybody knows, invariably puts the Brisbane ladies into a feverish flutter. He was preferred even before the Government House aide-de-camp, who thought himself altogether a dead shot in the lady -killing business. The sum total of all these extraordinary attractions being this: Denis Durnford was so much the darling of the Brisbane fair that the local aristocracy, which had even in those early days begun to form and fence itself in, without hesitation put the potent hall-mark of its lofty approval upon him. "Mr. Durnford, you see," once said Mrs. Mountchesterford, known amongst her friends as the Duchess, "is so differ ent from many of the rich young men you meet in the colonies. He is one of us. He comes of family, and you may invite him to your home without compromising your self. None of the Durnford's were ever engaged in trade. No, dear, Mr. Durn ford is one of us." It is necessary to mention these matters as proof that Mr. Denis Durnford was in truth the fortunate fellow I have repre sented him to be. You observe he was not only handsome, but rich; not only popular amongst men, but idolised by women; not only clever, but "one of us." What more, I would tako the liberty of asking, could man born of woman require P To do Durnford justice, however, he always laughed at the pretensions of what is called birth, his theory being that if the question of family is to be enquired into it must be done thoroughly, and that if it bo done thoroughly soouer or later it will be apparent, even with regard to the most pretentious blood in the world, that the less enquiry the better. At the period when these heterodox opinions were uttered, society in Brisbane was ridiculously leavened with what are called class distinctions, all the airs and pettiness of a provincial English town being reproduced with the added feature that persons who at home knew better than to pretend to rank above the commonality, here assumed to be hereditary leaders of fashion, and were consequently always loudly asserting their dignity and blue blood, as is the custom with pretenders secretly conscious of their spurious as sumptions. Denis Durnford laughod at " the claims of long descent," probably because he him self felt at ease upon tho matter. He knew that his father had been a captain in her Majesty's army; that his father's father had served his Majesty in tho wars; that if " family" was to count for anything he could score plenty of points. With him, therefore, the thing went as it were without saying. But he was well aware that such a recommendation had its value in the social world, and will have its value so long as men and women are built on the ancient lines laid down by tho acknowledged pro genitors of us all, Adam and Eve. Captain Durnford was the owner of that magnificent run known long before Separ ation as Chatham Downs. " None of your crack-jaw native names for me," the captain would say. "My place shall be named after the great states man, from whom my ancestors received substantial benefits. If I call it Pitt, some wretched wit will compare it to the lower regions. Chatham shall therefore be the word." And Chatham Downs was thenceforth the designation of the splendid pasturage upon which Durnford pere made a fortune and loßt it, and made another and kept it, after that lucky wool year which was the salvation of many a bank-governed colonist, with whom for several years it had been touch and go on the quicksands of insol vency. What further information is disclosed of the Durnford family must be in the coarse of incidental narrative. We will strike therefore, forthwith into the pith of the story. " Here's luck to you, old man." It was midnight, and Denis Durnford's friends were gathered round his mahogany (I believe the table was actually made of colonial cedar, but that is neither here nor there), to congratulate him, and bid him success in his career. He had read law in a most workman-like manner, had passed his examination with flying colors at Sydney, and had just been enrolled bar. rister-at-law. The Attorney-General was of the festive party, and sat at the host's right hand, smoking a long clay pipe. He had thrown aside the cares of State, forgot he was the grand juror of the country, and foresworn etiquette for that occa sion. Everybody had flattered Durnford; told the Attorney-General he must look out for his laurels; agreed that a Daniel had verily come to judgment. And so, filling their glasses bumpers, and rising to their feet after the Attorney-General had duly proposed his toast —the toast of the evening —the boon companions drank their wine, and, as I have intimated, shouted, with one accord: — " Here's luck to you, old man! " Perhaps, when the banquet was ended, and the guests went their several ways in twos and threes, in the small hours of the fresh Queensland winter morning, they criticised the Attorney-General of the future with considerable freedom. It is a way people have, and if the custom was now honored in the breach rather than in the observance, it was the extraordinary exception to a universal rule. When, after breakfast next day, Denis Durnford sprang into his buggy, and gave his well-known roans their head, he at any rate knew nothing of sneers, or hostile criticisms, or prognostications of disaster. To him the look-out upon the restless ' world that is to so many of us cloudy and tempest-marked, was a rose-tinted pano rama. The playful touch of his whip was given with the air of a man who was sailing gloriously down stream, wind and tide alike favorable. At Chatham Downs he was received like a conquering hero. There had been no necessity for him to telegraph, as the Joung Yankee is reported to navo done, to is father, "Fatted calf for one." Still the fatted calf is not the exclusive right of prodigals, and there was merry making enough and to spare when the young man appeared at the paternal mansion. " Well Denny, boy, what are your plans ?'' asked the Captain, after the house was quiet, and father and son were stretched out to take their evening cigar in company, for the elder had ever striven to be the lad's friend and companion rather than the stern parent who alienates by rigid forms of dis cipline fatal to a substance of free affec tion. "Plans, SirP Can't say I have any. Of course I shall follow my profession, and the only definite plan I have is to make my first appearance in wig and gown next sittings, and get through my brief as well as I can." "Then you have a brief alreadyP" "Oh, yes," answered the young man, with a self-satisfied smile, "I think—l faney —I shall have no difficulty in getting briers. Turle and Tupping have given me the defence in the Bilston murder case." "Turle and Tupping!" ejaculated the father, musing. "Let me see, there's a Miss Turle, isn't thero P Is she as pretty as ever P" " Not at all. She has fallen off wonder fully of late, but she is a very nice girl, a good girl," answered the other. "I hope—l suppose—Denny you are heart-whole P At least free," the father asked, with apparent carelessness, but in ward anxiety. " Heart-whole P Yes. FreeP Certainly," said Denis. "I am glad to hear it. I would be the last to control you in matters of that kind, but I have plans for you, my dear boy, that I should like to see carried out. Did I ever mention to you the name of my old friend, Sir Trevor Wilson P" " Yes; your London banker." "Aye, London banker, and a great county magnate in Cheshire. A fine fellow, with a charming family. My plans have some thing to do with him. The last time I was in Europe I spent a month at Ludworth Grange—that is Wilson's Cheshire place; and we talked a good deal about you and a dear little sylph there, Minnie Wilson, my old friend's youngest daughter. It was half jest and half earnest, you know; but we did go so far as to speculate whether the fates might be coaxed into bringing you together." "Always thinking of me, pater," Denis broke, in Tightly; "but, bless you, I'm not a marrying man, thank you—not yet, that is to say." "Well, well, that is as you choose, boy. Now for my plan. Sir Trevor and I agreed that when you had become a full-fledged barrister you should make the Australian's grand tour (which at that time, there being no Torres Straits mail, did not put a girdle in eighty days round the globe, but which, nevertheless, included Europe and America). That is my plan; and I should like you to manage so as to spend Christ mas at Ludworth Grange. If you fall in love with Minnie Wilson, nothing would give me more pleasure." This conversation will suffice to explain what happened. Denis had always longed to see the wonders of old world civilisation, to enjoy the gaieties of European capitals, linger in picture galleries and around hoary antiquities, and make personal ac quaintance with the great nursing mother of all the colonies. He fell in with the Captain's plan at once, and laughingly promised to do his best to fall in love not only with Minnie, but with all Minnie's sisters and female cousins. It was quickly settled: Denis was to defend Turle and Tupping's client, at Brisbane, and depart by the next outgoing vessel. He was to take his time, and not to spare expense, and on his return was to go into Parliament and put himself under the leader of the squat tors' party, which in those days was, of course, paramount. The Captain, you may remember, made a passing reference to a Miss Turle, the truth being that Master Denis' name had been associated with hers, as, I am ashamed to confess, with many another damsel. For a young fellow who had but just arrived at years of maturity, it had better be confessed at once that Denis Durnford was a prodi gious triflor, and had lacerated many a tender bosom. He was a sentimental dog, could say the softest things with both eye and tongue, and was said by one of the Brisbane wits to play upon the feelings of the sex with as mucn ease as Hamlet could toot upon the pipe. Take the following as a sample :— "Could you drive me to BuranbarP" he was asked after breakfast one morning, shortly before the termination of a former visit to Chatham Downs. The question was asked by Miss Verney, governess to his mother-in-law's children, and companion to his mother-in-law. "Aye, do, Denis," said Mrs. Durnford the second. " Miss Verney has been dull and ill lately, and the drive will do her good. Besides, you used to bo always riding together; you are old friends, you know." "Delighted, I'm sure," replied Denis, whose looks nevertheless betrayed a very backhanded description of dolight. Buranbar was the nearest station, and Denis was committed to what the lady required, but not the gontloman, namely, a two hours' tete-a-tete each way. "They sa;jr you are engaged to Miss Turle, Dem's," she said sharply, as soon as they were clear of the house. " Who says so P" " Mr. Parsons, of Tinbullogoo." " Then it is not true. They say you are engaged to Mr. Parsons, of Tinbullogoo." " Then it is not true. He offered me marriage, and I refused him." "Eefused him! Why, for heaven's sakeP" " Do you ask me that in earnest P" "Certainly." " Then, God forgive you. I refused him because you had my promise." "Oh! nonsense, Maggie. A mere boy and girl flirtation. Don't talk like that." " Pardon me," the girl said slowly, and hard as adamant. "Do I understand that you repudiate your promises, after all that has passed between us P" " Come, come, Maggie, now " " Answer me plainly, Mr. Durnford. Do you repudiate you promises to me, or do you not P" "If you put it in that way; yes. I never promised you marriage." " Did you tell Mr. Parsons in Brisbane that you were not such a fool as to marry a mere governess?" "Well. I—l don't think I used those words." "Was that your meaning, Mr. Durn , fordP" "Ton my word, Mag—Miss Verney, I can't make out what has come over you." " Please turn back. We will not go to Buranbar," she said, death-white. " I mis took you for a true-hearted gentleman." " If I have stood in the way of your mar riage with Parsons, lam very sorry. (After a pause,) Why don't you speak P" Hut not another word did Miss Verney utter, and Denis, very crest-fallen, and burning with shame, drove home again, and his companion, pleading illness, kept her own room till the next day, when Mr. Denis set out for Brisbane. Soon after, the Captain mentioned as an item in his budget of home news, that the household had Deen very much put about by the somewhat abrupt departure of Miss Verney, for Melbourne. But this, as I have said, had occurred on a previous visit, and there was nothing now to disturb him but such obtrusive remem brances as riding over the old tracks in the bush might have aroused. And had he not assured the Captain that he was heart whole P And free, certainly. The brilliant defence in the famous Bilston case is to this day a tradition at the Queensland bar. There was a Courier in those days as in these, for the colony has been from the first served by a Press that has, for ability and independence, been an honor to it; and the leading jour nal which reported the case described how the rare spectacle of a colonial jury in tears had been witnessed, how the eloquent young advocate had forced an acquittal which the Judge declared the evidence did not justify, how Mr. Durnford had been rapturously applauded, not only at the close of his address, but when he left the unsightly and ponderously primitive hall of justice. • Elated with triumph, with prospects as brilliant as man could desire, Denis Durn ford on the next day sailed for Sydney on his way to London. Phasb 11. On board ship as on shore, Denis Durn ford was soon first favorite. Somehow, on a voyage, your fellow-passengers, before long, become acquainted with your con cerns; ship-board is a very hot-bed of tittle-tattle, gossip, and scandal. As the god most worshipped by mankind is the golden calf, and as Denis Durnford, Esq., was known to be rich, he was a fair sub ject of discussion, and came in for a good deal of second-hand worship. " Well," at one of tho scandal bouts on the lee-side of the poop, where the middle aged ladies were wont to meet of an after noon, said Mrs. A. "ho may be rich, and he may be handsome; but a man who carries on as he does with that forward young thing, Mrs. Schlegel, can have no principle." Here was richness (to borrow a simile from Mr. Squeers)! A regular affair between another man's wife and the brave young saloon passenger. It was positively deli cious. Day after day these respectable matrons were prying around like hounds, nose to ground, on the scent. Unfortunately, Duraford gave them as much food for scandal as they could batten upon. Before the ship had been ten days on her voyage he had plunged head and ears into a violent flirtation with Mrs. Schlegel, who had been formerly one of the Durnford bevy (Ipswich contingent), and who having, for the sake of a comfortable home, married an elderly Sydney broker, ost no time in pitting his dullness, and earthly-mindedness, and plain grisly ap- pearance against the lively manner, merry Drown eye, crisp curls, and smooth Grecian features of our hero. It is a bad look out for a married couple when a young wife— young as a woman as well as wife — within a year of the wedding day, bewails her lot and confidentially ridicules her husband to a spark with whom she has pre viously had love passages. Poor Mr. Schlcgol was made miserable. It was her first outbreak, and in his be puzzled state it only required the assistance of the virtuous matrons to fill him with the seven ramping, tearing devils of jealousy. These painfully good women, according to their wont on board ship (where all that is crooked and bad in human nature is cer tato. to bo developed), went about dropping poison and verdigris, until the whole ship was excited over the business. Half of the passengers did nothing else but watch Mr. Durnford and Mrs. Schlegel. In the day time they peeped at them over the tops of the books they were pretending to read; after dark they concealed themselves in nooks and corners on the deck. If Mrs. Schlegel—a comely young woman—put on her sweetest smile, and persuaded her hus band to go down and play whist, there would be winks all rouna, which would be repeated when Lothario, strolling by the skylight, humming an air, glanced down to see that Schlegel had taken the cards, and then, by accident of course, found himself at the next turn of the deck, alongside the whist- player's wife. Some of the busybodies went so far as to ask the Captain to interfere; and the sturdy commander told them it would bo better if they put the religion they were always cackling about into something akin to practice; and recommended them to em ploy their superfluous energy in rendering their squalling brood less of a nuisance to the ship. Then pious eyes were turned up, and indignant hands uplifted, and the ring leader of the matrons expressed her aston ishment that the ship (being so much ballasted with iniquity) did not sink. It must suffice for me upon this episode to say only further that the folly of the young people themselves, ajid the malicious inu endoes of the virtuous women passengers, caused an open breach between Mr. and Mrs. Schlegel before the English Channel was entered. It was then the Captain for the first time addressed himself on the sub ject to Denis Durnford. " Just a word before you turn in, if you please, Mr. Durnford," he said. "I make it a rule never to interfere with the doings of my passengers, so long as there is nothing flagrantly wrong, least of all to meddle between husband and wife. But I must say you seem to have played the very mischief between these Schltgels. You see, if I'd been Sohlegel, I should have pitched one or both of you overboard long ago. But that's Schlegel's affair. I dare say, now, Mr. Durnford, it will be great fun for you to reflect that you have made what seems to be a worthy, if somewhat stupid man, miserable for life." " I declare there is no harm whatever in tended. Mrs. Schlegel and I are old friends. It's nothing but friendship." " Ah! Well! Yours is s devilish funny sort of friendship, let me tell you. Look here, Mr. Durnford, if you're a praying man, don't pray for good luck, as most people with magnificent selfishness do. Just you pray for adversity. Don't bo angry, now. Iknow all about you. You're too darned prosperous, and if you don't take care your good luck will pile upon your shoulders a burden heavier than you can bear. Hi! Quartermaster!" said the cap tain, walking up to the chart-room. Serious thoughts kept Denis awake far into the midnight watch. Conscience put a strict ban upon sleep. When he did doze Miss Verney and Mrs. Schlegel, with a complete chorus of female voices behind them, performed a weird shadow dance before him, and he seemed to be sinking down, down, down under the weight of such a burden as the captain had described. But when, the voyage over, Mr. Durn ford was comfortably installed in his room in Sir Trevor Wilson's town house, Ken sington Gardens, he was as gay as ever, and not a cloud scudded across the golden summer of his azure sky. , Of what Denis Durnford did, the places he visited, the life he lived, while absent from his Queensland home, I could write as many volumes as the columns to which lam necessarily limited. A story liko this must be fragmentary ; almost scrappy. One has to lay on the colors in broad dashes, with no opportunity of filling in the light and shade, without which no picture can be perfect. The reader, however, will understand what I mean by saying that Denis Durn ford " went the pace." The expression is slangy, but it conveys a meaning. He took his father at his word, and spared no expense. Even Sir Trevor Wilson opened his eyes when his cashier told him how the youne_Queenslander was making the money fly. There was not a better four-in- hand in Hyde Park than Denis Durnford's on May Day, though the youngster had not been two months in England. Berty Wil son, the baronet's heir, was one of a fast set, and Durnford having been introduced into it, at once^learnt his lessons with fatal rapidity. People at home are to this day surpris ingly ignorant of colonial matters. At the time of which I am writing they knew worse than nothing, believing a squatter to be a low sort of toad-like creature who squatted, and deeming all rich Australians "digger fellows," iv jack boots and Gari baldi shirts. The novelty of finding Denis Durnford a handsome man, in appearance and manners equal to the best ofthe creme de la creme, contributed muelitohis success. As usual, abroad as at home, he carried all bofore him, though a close observer might have noticed that he had of late become alternately moody and oxcited and reckless. "With Minnie Wilson he fell in love in his own rapid gushing style, and would have done so of Iris own accord, without a hint from his father. She was gentle and retiring, and though at first he missed the smart tree talk to which he had been accus tomed with colonial ladies, he fell captive to the quiet beauty of the girl's person and character. On her part, she was taken with his fresh enthusiastic spirit, his cleverness, and his good looks. Sir Trevor and Lady Wilson, however, beheld his proceedings with sorrowful dismay; but consoled themselves with the thought that, when the young fellow had had his fling, he would draw rein and settle down into a more moderate speed. There might be reason in this. London in the flush of the season was a new world to him, and he simply plunged into its de lights with a facility that not a little astonished his tutor, Mr. Bertie Wilson. They took part in all the gaieties that are open to the light of day, and many that are not. By the young sparks into whose set he was hail-fellow-well-met he was called "The Aboriginal," and gay and grand indeed was "The Aboriginal's" turn-out on the Derby day. Master Denis, proud— Australian-like—of his skill with the ribbons or in tho saddle, must needs drive his four-in-hand to Epsom Downs, and the Wilsons were invited to cross over from the lawn and lunch in the customary fashion on the top of the drag. It was a merry party, a sumptuous entertainment; and Minnie Wilson was queen of the revels. The ladies returned to their seats in the Btand. The great race was approach ing. The police began to clear the course, and there was repeated that unique scene of moving crowds, and intermingling of color, which once beheld is never forgotten. On the top of the Durnford drag the champagne was still flowing, and there was a light interchange of chaff anent bush customs, and waddies, and black gins, and corrobories. " Bet you twenty to one .' The Abo« riginal' aarenot give us a genuine bush cooey," said Major Blundell, who was of the party. Entering,impulsively, as was his wont with everything, into the humor of the idea, Denis did not wait for the formality of bet ting, but leaped to the roof of the drag, made a speaking trumpet off his hands, and gave forth three tremendous coo-00-eys. The effect was startling, and not a little singular. It was commented upon next day even in the London Press. It proved how many other Australians there were on the ground, for, involuntarily, there arose on every hand far-echoing responses to Durnford's signal. The English public thought at first that forty or fifty well dressed gentlemen had gone mad, or that the cooeyers were Red Indians in disguise ; but the joke in time leaked out, and after the race (upon which Denis lost £4000) an explicit cxplanatian was given to the occu pants of the royal box, and the joke was passed down the grand stand. Just as curiosity was at its height, the Durnford party sauntered across the lawn, making for the spot where sat the ladies of the Wilson family. Denis, arm in arm with Bertie Wilson, was pointed out as the author of the startling war-whoop that had been so amusingly answered from crowded hill, stand, lawn, paddock, and betting ring, General attention was directed to the young Queenslander, who, with a free step, high color, and bright eye, looked a picture of health andmanly vigor. Denis Durnford was thus, unknown to himself, publicly dis* cussed, and Miss Wilson blushed again at the flattering things said ef him. She did not hear everything, however; as for ex* ample— " It's that scoundrel, Durnford j by the Lord I'll strangle him." Such an observation, uttered loudly, by an evidently excited man, in a fashionable grand stand where the betrayal of anything so vulgar as emotion is to commit a deadly sin, created immense consternation. The ladies near the culprit edged away; he was so dangerous that who could say he would not turn about and rend them P "Sit down Schlcgel, confound you," whispered the gentleman's companion. " Be a man." It was Mr. Schlegel, sure enough, and though he was persuaded by his friend to be calmer, he related in a tone of voice loud enough to be heard in the immediate vicinity, the whole story of Ins wrongs, which included desertion by his wife Boon after their disembarkation. Amongst those who heard the scandal was an elegantly dressed lady, pale of complexion, gray of eye, with dead-fair hair, and a mouth indi cative of firm resolution, and a something in connection with her circumstances which required as much of it as she could com* mand. It was observed that when 4he sensation had blown over, this lady moved towards Mr. Schlegel, and remained in conversation with him; also that he gave her a card when (as he did before the next race) he rose to leave the stand. After the Derby came fetes at Richmond, Lord's, Goodwood, Cowes, the St. Leger; then a turn amongst the grouse, partridges, and phoasants. By this time Denis Durn ford had begun to accumulate a stock of caros, in proportion as he had acquired new vicos. He was himself, when too late, horrified at the havoo he had made with his father's banking account, and the Schlegel business had given him great dis quiet. It was quite true that the wife had left her husband, defiantly confessing that she loved Denis Durnford as much us she hated him; but it was equally true that Denis Duraford was guiltless or aught save the thoughtless flirtation on board ship. The infatuated woman had in vain sought interviews with him; he refused to see her, though tho maddened husband the while believed tho worst. At Ludworth Grange there was a houso full of guests for Christmas, and Denis Durnford was amongst them. In so brief a period he had changed for the worst, and was on anything but good terms with him self. Had it been tho sorrow that worketh repentance, it would have been woll; but he had become possessed of a desperate, discontented, dare-devil, dare-all spirit. Sir Trevor Wilson and his family still gave him welcome, but it was evident they dis trusted and disapproved. There were debts pressing. He had received a sharply written lotter from his father, to whom an account of Denis' misdeeds had been but too faithfully conveyed; by whom, he could not guess. At Christmas-tide it is supposed, how ever, that all troubles are cast aside. The Christmas customs of the old country are both charming and significant, for while they appeal to the affections and sentiments of homo, they invoke peace and good-will— peace and good-will to one's self as well as to otherß. Those customs were rigorously observed at Ludworth Grange. "Yule log, holly, and mistletoe were prepared. Pre sents to the poor were sent out. Carols were sung. And, as if on purpose to give the Queensland visitor the taste of a real English winter, the great festival drew nigh amid black frost, and whirling storms of snow that whitened and purified the outer world high and low. In the quietude of an English gentle man's country home, and surrounded by tho soothing influences of the Christmas season, Denis Durnford's heart was softened within him. He would stop ere it was too late. He would willingly have undone the past. He often thought of the warning given him by the captain of the ship. Two days before Christmas he gazed out of the library window upon the falling snow, and" mused. The sight moved him strangely i , for it so happened that he had never been in those parts of the colonies whore -snow sometimes occurs, and the Bcene was altogether new. All traces of man or beast beeamae gradually obliterated. The wind howled, and the day was dark. "So is not life," he mused. "We have our dark days and our cold biting blasts, but there is no merciful snow to whiten and hide the ugly footsteps of folly." "Do you like snow, Mr. DurnfordP" said a little lady who, so absorbed was he, had stopped to his side unnoticed, and broken his reverie. The presence of Miss Minnie Wilson gave rise to other reflections. He replied to her question, and entered into conversa tion, looking wistfully at her. Twice he was on the point of taking her small white hand, and drawing her towards him, but he refrained. Of late there had boon a certain gravity characterising the intercourse of the family with their guest, and the painful thought had often crossed his mind that this might be a troasure which he had lost. No restrictions had been placed upon their freedom; but with Minnie there was a cer tain subdued sadness that spoke louder than words, and what it said was— " Once you were my pride and delight, Denis Durnford. I never told you so, and it is woll, for you have disappointed me. It is a dream that is gone, though not for gotten." On Christmas Eve all the guests were in the house but two, and they should have arrived at luncheon time. They were to have travelled to the nearest station by the Great Western Railway, and thence across country to the Grange. The delay was rightly imputed to tho snow-storm, which now lay a foot deep in unexpo.sed places, and much deeper where the rude nor'-caster hnd piled the Hakes into drifts. The ladies and the younger guests were in the church busy at the decorations when Sir Trevor entered, and asked for volun teers to rescue two storm-bound ladies. The Ludworth carriage that had been sent to the railway station was snowed up in a cutting, and the postilion had been com pelled to unharness one of his horses, and convey the news to the Grange. Denis and Bertie volunteered, and started off in a lighter vehicle and fresh team to the rescue. " You don't know the Anstruthers, I fancy, Denis?" remarked Bertie, as they plodded through the lanes withont a sound more than the creaking of the harness. "No; I have heard of, but never met them." "Jenny Anstruther is a strange girl, you'll find. Her father insisted upon her marrying old Viscount Crabmore, and by Jove, rather than obey, she bolted, Sir; went into a convent for a whole twelve month. Here they come," added Mr. Bertie. The ladies had, in fact, released them selves from their imprisonment, and were trudging through the snow, in preference, as the elder observed, to freezing in tho carriage. Thoy were duly introduced— Mrs. and Miss Anstruther—Mr. Denis Durnford. What they were like ho could not tell in the December dark, so swathed were they in furs, wraps, and veils. He noticed, however, that the younger ladj was very pale, and that a lock of dead fair hair had escaped from the silken shrouding of her face. It was late when Denis came down to the drawing-room dressed for dinner, and nearly all the company had assembled. He mado his way to tho fireplace, against which Minnie Wilson stood, and was ablo to see who sat upon an ottoman opposite. " Who is the fair-haired lady P ho asked with a scared look. "That is Miss Anstruther, whom you rescued from tho snow; let me take you to her," answered the young lady. The introduction was again half play fully, and with some allusion to the snow storm and its results, performed. Denis still mystified and agitated. Just thon the descent began to the dining-room, and Miss Anstruthcr fell to Mr. Denis Durnford. On tho stairs he found an opportunity of whispering, "Pardon mo; are we not alroady ac quainted F" he asked. " I have not admitted it, Mr. Durnford," she said. " You aro Maggie Verney," he replied. " I am Jennie Anstruther," she answered, with not a chango in her voice. But she was Miss Verney after all, and Denis Durnford, sick at heart and full of presentiment, knew it; but he understood that he was not to know it. The Anstruthers made a short stay at tho Grange, taking their New Year festivities at another«ountry house in the adjoining county. Spite of all his efforts, Denis had never been able to engage Miss Anstruther in a private conversation, and to him it had been a dismal time indeed. By-and-by a thaw set in, and the young men wore fully occupied with the hounds. Denis, in time, was more himself again, and plucked up heart of grace to seek an interview with Sir Trevor Wilson, and put tho all-important question to the issue. The answer was short, and to the purpose. Kindly, but firmly, the baronot told the applicant bis hopes were, at an end:— "I am very sorry, Denis, for many reasons, and my dear old friend, your father, will be sorry too; but we cannot entrust our child's happiness to you." " And may I ask the reason, Sir TrevorP" " Pray do not ask, Denis. I think, indeed, you can furnish your own reply. Ik is enough that Miss Wilson fully snares our view. " Thanks, Sir Trevor; she is a million times too good for me, I know," the re jected suitor said, turning to leave the room. " Miss Anstruther has put the finishing stroke to my business," he muttered, putting on his hat and striding across the park. Durnford and Bertie Wilson soon went to the shires, where Denis achieved noto riety for wild break-neck riding. The most courageous horsewoman in tho field was Miss Anstruther, and Bertie wrote home, incidentally montiqping that wherever the lady happoned to be, Denis Durnford was certain to bo near; that Miss Anstruther's iciness had given place to a power of fascin ation, to which Denis had succumbed; and that of the train of cavaliers which always attended upon her, he was the most favored. The March winds roared and buffeted their way through their allotted course, and the April showers foil warm and life-giving. Winter had laid by its ice and snow in Nature's secret storehouse, till full-aged Autumn, passing by, should again unlock the doors. The birds filled the earth with gladsome song; the spring flowers burst into bloom upon green banks and maturing hedgerows. Bertie Wilson and Denis Durnford, after a few weeks on tho Continent, took a tour in North Wales, climbing the mountains, fishing the streams, and sauntering through the lovely valleys of the Principality. They had progressed through the pass of Llan berris, and were halting at a friend's shoot ing box in tho neighborhood of Llyn Ogwen, previous to riding down the glorious vale of Conway. One day they passed a pony chaise. It was driven by Miss Anstruther. She announced a picnic on a small moun tain to which she pointed, and begged tho young men to join the party. The invita tion was accepted, and the lady drove off with a peculiar smile. Durnford had a guilty look, as Bortie Wilson thought. He had in truth been well aware that Miss Anstruther was in the neighborhood, and had purposely urged a divergence from the originally-planned route to meet her. It was a splendid day for the picnic, and the young men on their ponies arrived at the mpuntaiu top exhilarated by the deli cious atmosphere. Miss Anstruther re ceived them in her most gracious manner, and smiled like a sunbeam upon our friend Denis. The main contingent of picnic folk had been on the spot for a couple of hours previous, and had dispersed in the regula tion style whithersoever their fancy tempted them, in pursuit of pleasure, science, indo lence, or what not. Bortie was told where to find certain friends whom, learning that they were of the party ; he wished to hunt out, and Denis and Miss Anstruther were left to stroll at will alone. " The time has come, Maggio, when you must drop mystery," Denis said, taking one of the lady s hands and leading her to a small ravine, where a rocky seat invited them to seclusion. " You can't deceive me, though if that be your humor, I will love you as Miss Anstruther, even as I ." "Oh! do not leave the sentence un finished. If you were going to say, ' even as I loved Maggie Verney,' the speech would not have been fortunate, woulaitP" " I had hoped the past was both forgotten and forgiven," ho said humbly. " And what then P" she asked. "This; that at last you have made me love you in such downright earnest, that life would be intolerable without you." "Dare I trust you P" sho whispered, with averted face. And then Denis Durnford exerted all his powers of eloquence and persuasion to declare his love, vowing, ana protesting in burning language, and with dilating eye. Miss Anstruthor, who, during the love speech had sat still, acting a part, now angrily snatched away the hand the lover would have clasped, and roso to her feet majestic, and with an expression upon her ashen countenance not pleasant to look upon. " How dare you talk to me thus P I be lieve you are now in earnest; the letters you have written me of late prove that. You hope the past is forgotten and forgiven, do you P Selfish traitor, that you should so hope. You are beginning to find, Denis Durnford, that there is ono who never for gives and never forgets, and that is myself.' From the moment I, by accident, heard the unfortunate Schlegel proclaim your villany on the Derby Day, my hate, the cause of which you, doubtless, romember, was changed from an active to a passive form. You are next door to a ruined man, Mr. Durnford, and you owe much of it to me. I have been on your track unseen from the first. I told your truo character to the Wilsons. I will follow you to the end until my revenge is complete. Pool not to feel that in leading you up to the present moment, I was only repaying' you in your own coin. My only regret is that my re venge is not more complete, and that I have been too hasty in-revealing myself as an open and implacable enemy." " You must be demented. You are turned to a monster." " That am I indeed, and the transforma tion is one of the handsome Denis Durn ford's accomplishments, llighfcly served was I truly, having, through a girlish romantio notion, fled my home, and earned my bread at the other end of the world, to have been captivated by so false, and, /sel fish, and heartless a crdven as you. I must have been demented then, whatever I may be now." Denis Durnford had not a word to lay. "While he stood irresolute, a group of loiterers approached, and were transfixed at the tableau formed by the tragedy queen and crestfallen hero below them in the ravine. " I wish you good morning," he at length said, taking off his hat. " Here is another of your playthings, Mr. Traitor," Miss Anstruther hissed. It was Mrs. Schlegel, who atarted back with a scream, for, sauntering up a slope quite near, came her husband, growing livid with rage, and a demoniacal light kindling in his eye. " Stop!" said Miss Anstruther authori tatively, " I have brought this pitiable pol troon here to make him declare this lady's innocence before her husband and all pre sent. By my good offices those once Bepa rated have become reconciled, and Mr. Schlegel has at last won the heart that this gallant gentleman would have stolen." "Yes, yes!" said Mrs. Schlegel clasping her husband's arm. "Ho (pointing to Durnford) can acquit me of faithlessness." "Before Heaven I can," cried Denis. " The fault, if any, is mine. I never meant harm, nor " But the sentence remained unfinished. Miss Anstruther had done more than had entered into her machinations. She had roused inthebreantof the unhappy Schlegel what she nor a hundred people could have allayed. Ho burst from his wife with the spring of awildbeaßt—a spring into which, in his frenzy, all the hate and misery he had endured was concentrated. A fearful struggle ensued. Schlegel had gripped his enemy and was bearing him down the slope. " Back, back," shouted a gentleman who knew the locality, " Llyn Idwal is below!" On the upper edce of this gloomy lake rises a precipice of frowning rocks, and mid way is a mysterious cavern known as the Devil's Kitchen—a weird place, regarded by the inhabitants with strong superstition, and visited by excursionists because of its ill repute. The ladies and gent lemeu who had, on the impulse of the moment, essayed to separate the struggling men, paused when the warning was uttered; pau&ed; but a moment, and that moment to one man was the threshold of eternity. Schlegel was, physically, no match for Durnford, who, after the first surprise, de fended himself, and with a violent effort literally threw off his attacker. Schlegel's fury blinded him to the means of esoape which for an instant presented themselves. He clutched at the short herbage instead of at the bits of rock that protruded above it, and, with a piercing yell, disappeared. A sickening thud was heard, and then a heavy splash. Creeping to the brink, Durnford saw the placid surface of gloomy Idwal disturbed by widening circles a dizzy depth below. But for Bertie Wilson and other gentle men who formed themselves quickly into a chain from the top of the fatal slope Durn ford would have shared the other's fate, for he had become dizzy and sunk insen sible on the edge of the precipice The arrest of Durnford; his acquittal on tho verdict which the coroner's jury gave after the evidence of the witnosses, who proved that Schlegel was the assaulter; the details of what for weeks the papers termed " The Llyn Idwal tragedy;' tho critical condition of Mr. Durnford, as ho hovered between life and death, were too notorious to require present amplification from me. Denis Durnford's grand tour was closed, and he was taken back to Australia with the prophecy fulfilled. His burden was greater than he could bear. Phase 111. The once hope of the family, the bril liant Denis Durnford, who was to have been the shining light of the young colony, lay a wreck at Chatham Downs, his mind clouded with a pall of despair and remorse, his brain benumbed by the shock it had received. Years passed, and amid the changes and, excitements which marked the shooting tip of Queensland into a lusty colony, the Durnfordß were almost forgotten. Frdm the departure of Denis on his grand tour, the fortuno of his family declined. 11l fortune runs on an inclined plane; like the road to Hades, it is of rapid descent. Chatham Dpims changed hands. Captain Durnford died, leaving a bare competence for his young family, who were taken by his second wife—his second widow—to, her English friends. • • . : It was not clear what haff become of Denis Durnford. He was mud to be wan dering in the bush, prey to an incurable melancholy, and settled despair; harmless, but fiercely shunning the society of his fellows. At intervals, he would be seised with fits of restlessness, which led him to scour tho country, riding like the wind, and daring things at which even', the reckless riders who saw him shuddered. H^jlacl been seen spurring a wild horse' to* the verge of a lofty cliff, and riding straight' for yawning gullies. These were the rumors heard by the few who, knowing his painful' history, now and then enquired after Denis Durnford. The chariot wheels of Time kept on Jfceir even speed. The history of Queensland lengthened its pages. Men came and went. Each day brought its new exoitement. What was one waif of humanity in the whirl of so many discoveries, and projects, and parties P Amongst the passengers by an incoming Torres Straits mail steamer, at a date too remote for indication, came a gentleman intent upon studying colonial institutions ; a member of Parliament and a baronet. It was Sir Bertie Wilson. He had on his way from Singapore enquired if the captain knew aught or the Durufords of Chatham Downs, but had received no information. He told the captain something of Denis and his troubles, speaking affectionately of him as a man who had been heavily punished for very light offences, and whose fate was a hard one. " Poor fellow," the baronet added, " he is dead now, and if I know where to find his grave, it should receive an old friend's visit. But it-was his destiny apparently to drop out of tho armament like a star." Sir Bertie Wilson commenced his study of the Australian colonies by leaving the mail steamer at Somerset, ana working his way down the Queensland coast, as the local steamers would permit him. Towns ville and its surrounding scenery pleased him so much that ho sojourned there several days. During one of his drives in the district he noticed a picturesque little cottage, surrounded by strikingly verdant grounds, and was particularly struck with a thousand and one evidences in and about the house and verandah proclaim ing re lined taste and cultured care. He asked the coachman who lived there. "Well, I know and I don't know," tho man replied. "We know him as tho Master of Kavensvrood, but that is a sort of a nick-name, of course. I suppose you remember that accident V" " No; I'm quite a stranger." " I thought so. Well, it was a rum start, that was. Let me see, it will be more than three years ago. Thero used to be a fellow on them Kavenswood ranges that never talked to nobody, and that aid nothing but drive four rowdy colts in a rough kind of buggy up and down places that the devil himself wouldn't face. Our police magistrate gare him the name "Master of Eavenswood;" it's out of a book, I'm told. A couple of mounted police were up in the ranges, and one day they see this fellow a whipping up his colts on the top of a cliff. It's the cliff with the cave nollowod out of its face. Punch-bowl Cliff they oall it. Well, them colts were mad enough for anything; but, begar, they didn't believe jumping down into tho punch-bowl. JNot a bit ot it. They began plunging and bucking head over heols, and heels over traces, but somehow off they bolted along the first ghost of a track, and down they went to the bottom full tear. The police lost sight of them for a bit, and when they got to the hollow there they was —hosses, man, and trap regular bust up, Sir, smashed into a heap. " The man, of course, smashed too P" "Well, that's the point. He was smashed, but not at all killed, else he wouldn't live in that cottage. They patched him up in the hospital, and begar it made an old man of him, though he is not older than yourself. Yet he wasn't too old to marry." "HowP" asked Sir Bertie, now fairly interested. " Well, that's the point again. The acci dent got into the papers naterally, and not long after, up from Brisbane comes a lady. I was down at the wharf with my trap and got her as a fare. Off she went, Sir, straight to the hospital, and asked to see the man who got smashed in tho ranges. She did see him, and begar in a week they were man and wife." "What's his nameP" asked Si* Bertie, all breathless. - ' " Anstruther." ' I The coachman was pulled up suddenly here, by a peremptory order to stop, and out hurried his fare across the paddock, and in a twinkling he was in the cottage verandah, where the hero of the coachman'« narrative was swinging comfortably in'a hammock, with the heroine reading la'% | low chair by his side. •' i "Denis, Denis!" cried Sir Bertie. I "Ah! Bertie, I expected yon," the other said with a sweet smile, and pointing to the lady. " "We saw your name in the papers." "Miss Anstruther!" exclaimed the visitor in amaze. ', "My ttffc, 'old friend, and my good ■ariotd/'Denft said^a tear" springing to his etc, as he took her'htadTjr his long thin* lingers. • '» i; JTow the story is told. Alntost.'' from the explanations given in'|£e course of iftany conversations it appeared tkjrtthe dreadful scene at Llvn Idwal ever hattytMl Bttote asleep or awake. It was the burdeb i Of* hi* existence, and one of thefewinci d***<*W* life that had a hold upon bib menteofrrv Any rock or precipice that at all resembled the Devil's Kitchen seemed to beckon him to destruction, which he always tempted, but which never came. The acci dent above described left him physically a wreck, but lifted the oloud that hung over his 1 reason. 'Bfe rose from the hospital bed a cripple, with gray hair, but mentally clothed and in his right mind. During his convalescence Jennie Anstru ther- I—who.1 —who. the paroxysm of her jealous hate quenched by the tragic termination to her scheme of revenge, became sincerely repen tant and chastened, and had come out for the express purpose of finding him—saw the paragraph describing the accident to "the Master of Eavenswood." Love, revived with tenfold strength under the severe chastening of the past, whispered that this was the object of her search; love gave her wings to hasten to him ; in love they met and mingled till death would them part. And Mrs. SchlegelP Was there no con solation—no poetic justice for herP She found her own consolation by marrying Mr. Parsons, of Tinbullogoo, and there was some sort of poetic justice in her lot, for Mr. Parsons happened to have become the new owner of Chatham Downs. A friend of mine spent his last Christmas at Bonchurch, Islo of Wight, the English home for tho rest of their days of Denis Durnford and his wife. It is a Retreat in a garden of roses, sheltered from the rude wmds by a little cliff covered with fuchsias and clematis. My friend describes the Lodge as the abode of a serene happiness rarely allotted to man. Peace broods over it like a dove. Anstruther (Denis had taken his wife's family name), Sir Bertie Wilson, and my friend were looking out of the study window on Christmas morning, watching the snow as it cushioned the flower beds with ermine, and ridged the naked boughs with a coping of virgin white. " We have not had such a winter in Eng land, Denis, since that Christmas you spent at Ludworth," said Wilson. " I recant a heresy I then conceived," answered Denis, talking as if to himself. " I said in my heart there was no merciful snow to whiten and hide the ugly footsteps of our own folly. But it has been vouch safed to me in more measure than I de served." " A merry Christmas, darling," said the lady of the house, entering and linking her arm in her husband's; " and to you, gentle men." "This is the author of my conversion," said Denis, in a voice tremulous with affec tion, unlinking his arm and passing it round his wife a waist. 