^g:Miisre: and thQ Drama. ; ; î? !>::~ tjjjjan père set down. '_ ! . ' BHEBIDÀN KNOWLES. fótÓii; the Theatre . Royal all of pantomime haB fie oxcsp".fc'the, graud and; beautiful transformation seem i^which.Mr/Ay". J. Wilson's.fame.as a aceuio artist an inven tor of Ijoáuties "will bo remembered loug uftur h pictures. have faded', .from the canvas. The oaaoi havéj'"indeed, been beautifully illustrated by M "V^Úeon, but they .aro the aensona of the world iu whic vrtf.flft'jwi live, and i hop« som" day to be able to sa that ^Australia has been as faithfully presented throug the, ."banges of season as have been the varied q<iartt i of:^ home," for such is yet the word that distiuguishe England from her non- native colonists. A word c coínmendátion is due to thoso whoso living figures ntl ar.cWarm to Wilson's pictures, for the manner in whic they haye'stood so naturally statuesque, without eve ifttïtig",' their eyes betray their vitality. Ou las B&tupday; ' night Miss Hattie Roche made her firs appearance befor a Sydney audieuco in tho characte of CamilK ' The play itself is oue of those to whici public opinion does nob incliue, but Miss ¿tocho sue tíóoded iu-.wiuning much applause for her very subduec unassuming representation of a part in which ha^e heard " more than ono say «ho was not exceller oyen,óy.'Mary Provost-no small praise _ when cumin, frotiii'by.nb mo his incompetent judges. Mis» Roche ha sqáfcely.'pjiysicál power enough to realise all the paints o aoprú'rXouá a rolo, but was recalled several ti wes durin, t)M;"e.vçàii>g to receive the well-earned tribute of Biitid factàohV Mr . George D. Chaplin waa tho Arm<iU( D$v.al,arid played with the care and'¿ucees» to whici he hat» rendered us accustomed, although in tho matte of costume I cannot commend him, especially in th« las actíjí 'Miss Maggie Olivor, as Nichette, created a verj favourable impression by her admirable performance o that "'character. Mr. J. G. Joyce, as Duval, pere. wa very successful. Mr. J. H. Rainford, as Count do Var ville',' was' more than ordinarily happy, and indee* i!r-;*ié; seldom .** Camille*-' has been presented wit] greater effect. On Monday. " The Lady of Lyons" wa played; and on Tuesday M Hamlet" was revived, aud a usual drew a very full house, Mr. Chaplin always at twisting a large number whenever ho essays the part o thePrinco of Sablea. Miss Rogers was entrusted witl thé-part bf, Oaric, and Miss Mary Young appeared ai Ophelia, and Miss Melville aa the Queen; W.T. G. P West1 sustained the character of the King, and chi Ghost'was represented by Mr. J. H. Rainford. In ches< revivais, however, perfection is neither expected noi attained, for however well tho principal parts may b< pourtrayed, and I am pleaBod to add they usually are al the Theatre Royal, the frequent lapse*, both of moaning and' manlier, in the performance of tho subordinate characters sadly mnra the efficiency of the plays pro duced.1 Howev^^ tho members of tho company mUBÍ possess 'tolerable memories to bo able to bo with tba Prince of Denmark iu Elsinore; with Otliello at Cyprus and Venice ; aud then go "Across the Conti nent'1 in one short week. 'The harvesting of "Alpine Applca" must be nearly finished at the Victoria Theatre, as I have perceived the fair round form of Mr. J. Br.van fluttering around, thus presaging the approach of Mr, Dampier .the tragedian. Mis? Annie,Pixley. MÍSB Myra Rèmble. Miss Tilly Earl, Miss Laura-Cassidy, Miss Jennie Grey, and Messrs. Bland Holt, Shaw Cross, and SeagraTOe have played with undiminished success throughout this burlesque, iu which that prettiest ol S&at;órál ballets-arranged by Mons Z&vist;öwski, and aaced by Madame Christine and Mdlle. Ritta with such' brilliant success-takes place, to the infinite de light of the " whole house." The fun in tho harle quinade is so unceasing and creates such an amount of laughter that, could Macduff behold it, he would very f>robably cry " Holt, enough." Mr. Tolano as Panta oon, and Mr. Ryan as the policeman, deserve praise for their li:ëfficlent assistance to Monsieur le Clown. Tho .transformation scene ia still represented with undiminished ' brilliancy, aud rapturous applause follow its beautiful and various changes To the many effects of tho opening of pantomime have been added a series of capital portraits of men of the age painted by that, clever catcher of physiognomical peculiarities, Mr. Alfred-Clint. The series consisto at present of twelve pictures, each excel lent, but the most telling being Wentworth, Fitzpatrick^ Butler, Macdonald, and probably best of all Archbishop Poldiug. Tho linea introducing each picture being re markably well written, aro admirably delivered by Mr;.B..N. Jones, and received with evident apprecia tion by ! the audience. A second Beries ÍB in progress, among which I dare say we shall find the familiar face of thé Knight of the Indestructible Toothpick. .Miss Christian gave a concert at the Soho'ol of Arts on Friday evening, of which I hope to give a detailed report in my next aa well as of the popular Spencerian concert ab the Pitt-street Polytechnic, which I had in tended to do in this issue. Tho Sydney Musical Union announce a concert, but apparently desire to let its merits as a " Union" remain known only among its members. .The Opera company, after a very successful sohson in Brisbane, are shortly expected to commence their second season at the Theatria Roval. ??. ; , FIGAllO. Nearly lOOOJbales of wool were brought into Goulburn laut week by traiu for trauBtniasiou to Syd ney. " On Thursday a man, giving his mime aa Patrick Murphy, was taken in charge by the police and con- fined in the Yass lock-up for having no visible means of support. He came into (according to the Southern Argus) Yass on the previous day at a late hour. He says he was born in the year 1774, at Thurles, in the county Tipperary, Ireland, and landed in Sydney in 1817, where he stayed a time, and afterwards came up the country. He lived for thirty years at Deniliquin, and not being able to work any longer for himself, a subscription was raised for him to proceed to the Be nevolent. Asylum at Sydney. He was brought before the Police Magistrate on Friday, and sent to Yass qaol. Although, old age has rendered him infirm, he other wise-looks healthy. He will be forwarded to Sydney by the first escort. .TÍío Southern Art/us atiifoa that somo limo in! tho Carly p¡«rfc of next moii^h (February) three or four hundred volunteers of th«?.Western Distict Battalion of tho "Voluuteer Rino Gorps, including nie-u from Bathurst, Orange, Mudgee, Richmond, Parramatta, Windsor, Penrith, and Goulburn, will camp somewliero outsido Goulburn for a space of three or four days. The site of tho ,ouciimpnient will bo chosen by S' HIÏ sorgmnt Boam who will arrive in Goulburn shortly. Tho Volunteers will ba in charge of Mtijor Holborrow of Richmond. The Govoruuiont will provide tont« und cooking utousils, and give railway accommodation free of. ohargo, bub the expenses of. food, &c;, for the atraugcrB.will have to be poid by tho Goulburn Volun teers, ,',aud(i tend ors for tho supply of food, &o;, will . shorey bo called for. Captain i. ignam and Lieutenant Blackshaw are tcauvnsniug tho city just now for peoüuiary aid towards tho above objo ot, and tho mayor (Mr. W. Davies) ha« sonorously head, i'd, the Hst illili a donation of £0; 