POSITIVELY THE LAST WORD TO AN ^G^ICAff RECTOR. '70 'BlftnkiBtfeetj Melbourrie, •. '•''•• 7th'ffuly,' lfhli ' , j. Mx. Dear J^bctpb,—The [great lepj^b of .iyotu SOth Anglican National Church <3anon 'Obliged bie' ta- eut it into two parte. The -fiMt'part, with some'feWreiharks, is ohits jpfly to'your jreotpry af Maris Parqa. second part, With,afaw mora remarks,folby the Snesr aail. 3ut long !as your ' ioth'isainon is; it "ibnHT ; ffot ; '^ell be shorter, considering the 'task it undertook to perform. It undertook to prove.by tradition that ,the sign 'of the Cross when need only once in baptism was a Scriptural rite. Wasn't that an extraordinary and a difficult task for a Protestant National Anglican Church to take in hand ? If it had been simply inconsistent with her alleged fundamental principle, the work might seem less arduous or deterring to ordinary presumption and self-conceit. But when it involved the total "renunciation of the Word of God as her syllogistic basis, and -forced her back on a principle she had repudiated with all her soul and strength, common mortals may be excused if they-fail to perceive either her good sense,sincerity, . honest intention, or regard to her own character as an accredited; claimant of a divine' mission. She who spurned tradition in her contest with the Roman Pontiff finds that tradition is her sole weapon against her own rebels. John Knox had vanquished Popery and Episcopacy in Scotland by the appeal to Scripture. ' But when in England it came to a struggle about using the sign of the Cross, those who were for retaining it only once had no Scripture to' slay their opponents with who didn't like to retain it— no, not even once. The former were " High Church," and their High Churchism went just this high—one sign of the Cross,, and no , more; that was the height of .their "Catholicity." But what was the lowness of the Low Church party? Just this—no signing of the Cross at all, either in bap- . fern or oat of it. From this lowness the High Chnroh party undertook to crane the liow Chnroh up to the dreadful and dizzy highness of ono sign—only on6—-&nd; no more. Any. more would be superstitions. 1 Wasn't it an huge, high moantain this that 'divided the Highs and theioms, dear reotor ? . And the orane, a most powerful winoh, was provided for '.the ponderous effort.. Canon 'SO, with' the 'king to tarn the handle, was brought forward. The machinery is com-' plicated, and the canon, therefore, very long; almost as long as the whole of the 20 canons we have of the first grand synod of God's Holy Church, held 1300 years before your Hampton Court conference. Your Canon 30 is, in fact, a' historical disquisition, or an ' eoclesiologioal thesis. It is what was anoiently called an Apologia—an exposition andanargument : a scientific statement, and an elaborate defenoe. Henoe its length. It had to Stop the months of the Low Churchites, therefore it mast be long-winded. It wouldn't twist one scrap of argument out 1 Scripture, not even by a sophistics- .tion, therefore it is slippery as an eel. It refers to the ancient fathers, and there were 318 of them at this first,synod of the Church; -and every one of these ancient fathers signed themselves with the Cross every day " in every action of their lives." In the pure .Orient summer months of Jane, July, and August—in the pure year of our Lord 326— in the pure early fonrth age of the Primitive and Apostolic Church, these fathers met in a .noble hall, fitted op for the oooasion by the Emperor Constantine I. Nicea was then an imperial town, and was to the first Christian 'Boman Emperor wiat Windsor Town and Windsor Castle are to oar Empress-Queen "Victoria—a' country palaoe an 4mp?rial domestic retreat. To-day..' it is a poor Turkish village, and lies , almost in the direct route from Constantinople to Ears. Here it was that, nearly 1600years ago, these 318 ancient fathers of the early Church, after 73 days of oonBultation, drew op,.the Nioene CreedjWhiphj not very many days after, was rectified, confirmed, and promulgated by 'ihePope.Sylvester, and has ever sinoe been ^received by all troe-'Chribtiansias the true 'tapreBBion of the orthodox faith 'over -all' flhristendom, and nowhere more truly than !|nEngland thronghoat twelveoenturies, jiown -"to'the 25th'ytor of the reigtiofHenry VIII., l i whd ISd^the"English ^eopler'into'spHisni or ^paraiion trQm;tiie. z^st of Cpthoiio Europe '(jaod •Henry's fcon, "Edward leaathe^ngUgh 'petrote'anihW opTOindavowMheresy, pf and organised under Elisabeth into a.a ohurob, with new Ceremonies, newdootrmea, and a new centre of communion, the' I^ing. Thus organised anj consolidated, separated from all, schismatieal, and heretical, it became the National Institute, or Anglican Protestant Churdh, and as suoh the deadly foe of God's Church, whose mission was to bring all nations into one united family of faith and worship. The Angliean Ohorch, therefore, stands'In England arid all over tbje British Empire- as the head of the " Dissenters." T4hb'is<£imply.her.position. And in this position she is no more nor no-less a Church'' tiian^ .ftiny , other' "Pii^i^ial n "aenomination. The true toiper * and .jspirit of the'V National iChnrch of England s fieroely anti-Christian. For she rejects the sign of the Cross With horror. She denounces the ase of it as superstitious, as if it were a Pagan incantation; and her sons elara it a eign of damnation—the marte of the Beast. Once God.g^ve this fallen j^sbple a mercifal and providential caU to retnija' tp the right way, when Mary, the lawiul danghter of Henry VIIL came to the throne. r BM the enemy had made nse of his tittte. Be aame_ and sowed oockle in the field, and the wbeat was choked. Bat When Mary ascended the throne, many of ths &postato; prieeta and professors and bishops betook them to the Continent, .'They went to Geneva, where, John Calvin had established his system of Presbyterian democracy. Calvin had been branded oh the'shoblder, or he is belibd, for an infamous crime. But now he is supreme at Genera, and his form of ohuroh government is called " The Pattern in the Mount," a profane application of Scripture alluding to the instractioiis God gave MoSes when he arranged the tabernaole service:for .the Israelites. It was irom ueneva that the Protestant detestation of the Cross Chiefly infected England. For when Mary died, and when Elizabeth declared for Protestantism, the English refugees returned to London, and brought with them the Calvamstic abhorrence of the sign of the Cross, though it had' already been imported. But, while abroad, the English refugees discovered that the Catholics of France, Spain, and Germany looked apon England as Antichrist's own estate, because the sign of the Cross was expunged from the new public " worship." In order to avoid this reproaoh, the English doctors, on,their retarn home, deemed it expedient to retain the sign at least once, so' that they might repel the charge of being Antichrist's people. This,, to a great extent, was the real motive of those who would retain the sign of. the' Cross somewhere, and as baptism' afforded the least publicity, the sign was restricted to baptism.. There would be less scandal in making the holy sign when the' fewest number of "scraplers" were present.. And so the sign of the Cross was retained, not from any love of Christ or his Cross or of the Primitive Chorch, bat chiefly as a sly, artful, false-hearted trick, to form a specious and insinoere answer to the foreign Catholics. Tbey could eay to them, " Oh, yon see we do make the'sign of the Cross; we are as" good Christians as you." Yes, it was made once on every Protestant who didn't forsake the National Church onoe in sixty years. Weren't they good CatholicB ? But a row. about it was soon raised at home. It couldn't be proved from Scripture, and, aooordiug to Boripture, the Protestant house was divided against itself. Therefore it would stand all the better. What did Christ know about these things ? The High Church varlets who would have the sign once, and even then Only as a malicious pretext and SiB a gibe against the Catholics abroad, got the king on their side, and inany national Church controversy the voice of its supreme bead was the most potent of arguments. Still,' the Low Church side would be obstinately and provokibgly consistent.' They would stick to Scripture; this was the very sting of the wasp. Give them only one word "of Scripture, and. they would submit to, the degradation and; commit the. siii of making the ;sig'n of'Christ's Cross. But the High Church said, we have no.Scripture'; why won't yoa follow the pure Bgee of the Church and dp as they did ? Why, you told the Pope, when yoiz quarreled with him, that yon' would have nbthing but the written Word of Go.d for all he said and did,, The' Pope makes the siga'of the Cross. Therefore, it is Popish, and we shan't make it until ^ou^ show, as S(»aj»thre for it. ~ .The! tope had tradition aU.iapd^i his side, yet you expelled him irom ^England, and. now yon Want to argue withns Bcriptural Protestants, as if, yoti .were" the Pope; Yoti" wouldn't, hearken to "Him when jbe appealed to.-tb* purest ages and. to the .ancient fathers J why sWuldwe.hea&en; to you ? Then the.pigti Ohurcb *eaid, the king is supreme head ed «hief magistrate..' He » lawful authority ; you should'' rfjey^wiful adthority.!Wiun 2.' anewered- tiie Low 'Churdh^-robey lawjfcjl jfcaihOHty jigt^nst ^q imttenlwpini, of iObd; God fOrbid. ^heri the"High Church eaid, fi^ajis flat rebellion.' ^We'.Want'yoa'ttt iollow 'tbe'Hbgfieca'use he'Mo^s ttil ^pois'tletf'and 'iie i'arv Church. 'Tbb' Topish'reiXiSantB toe S6ck&g; iis fas Anticbrists foi' aiBuaillf; the Bign of the ClroSs. 'Can't yoa make'it.-jast otic^, only once, ; in : • bdptism;' tb ' put the Papists tb siieboe? Sou ^ee .we don't tieyoato any paAicalarjage. We oply«»y f eftrly" ages. So that we may mean the lifetime of the apostles, if ,peoessary, jand the.lifetimegl[ the .appstles is quite as good as Scriptnre itself. But the ..pupils 'of Geneva couldn't see 'it, and tb'ey, wouldn't. The sign of the CroBS •was aB j'opish its extreme ilnctiPb, aiid if 'the' early Ohnrcb had the'6he,lt oArtainly haa the other also, ^btts the-case stood, my Wear tfector, in your Chtirch when! JameS L, out bf patience With the scruplers and' cavillers, called the Hampton Court Conferaiube', in 1603-4, saying: " Make a Canon for tbresrBontumaoious fellows, and if they won't make the,aign/rf,.the,.X!tt>Bft-QBpe, only once, in sixty yearli tben~61it np"thSr Protestant noses.".l»£SCbiifereaclB fb61(ii$ did the most of the talking,^and well be did it, tpo, and his episcopal gang'of roy&l; lick-spittles, liars, and' most illogical sJcoph'Snts and free-thinkera went down the rivJrU London from the ecumenical rendezvous,_ and;:the p*non waB drawn for. the scriptural work bf smothering the' Presbyterianising, ^Parit'an, Isopsistent arty. at tb^arawirig'oi ^ioh'thb ebnckUng fiends of ribly their.gbaatlyjemileB *B[,ypnrP involved babblement. 1 " I bave slnt you the 1st and 2nd,atod how«end you the Srd iited ast section 1 of ^ thts idamwial, Protestant,'' tefbrmedi' AngljttAiii bM-eot at; all «briptural "^hibdly : ',it. most: he' con^esSd^ ttwt,. - in. roiseBB bf time, 'sign 1 of. !tlie''Cross ; was mi^'»biuMi'3BB t^'.dbiiltWIiit^fi^A,' (! i 1) especially afltsr'tlie "cbrrup'tio'ns'''if Ppp'ety al possessed !it. (1 1' f) Bdt'the abufle of a thing -doth not take away thp lawful use of it. now, so fat was it from * thepurpose of. the Chnroh of England tp forsake and reject, the chiuohes .of Italy, France, Spain, Germany, or any suoh like churches, in all things whioh. they .held and praotised, that, as, the Apology, of the Church of England confesseth, it doth with reverence retain those peremonies which do .neither endanger "the Chnrcb of God, nor offendtheininds of sober men, (1 ! 1) and only departed lrom tbem in those, particular points wherein they were fallen from themselves ii^ their ancient institutions, and .'from the apostolioal churches whioh were iheir first foandation. In which respects,. among .some other very ancient peremonieB, the sign of the Cross in Baptism hath been • retained in this Church of England,, fboth by the judgment and .practice of thpse. reverend fathers and great divines in the days of Edward : the Sixth, of whom some constantly anfiered for the profession of the truth,.and.others were expelled in thetime of Queen -Mary,.who; after their return in the beginning of the reign of our late dread soveriegn (Queen -Elizabeth), did constantly ase and defend the. same. This decision and practice of our Church of England hath been allowed and approved ;by the. oensure upon the Communion Book of Edward VI„ hia days, and by the harmony of confession of later years, beoause, indeed, the nse of this sign in Baptism was ever acoompanied here with great and' sufficient caution and experience against all Popish superstition and error as, in the-like leases, are either fit or convenient: .-.'_. .. "1st. The Church'of England, sinoe the abolishing of Popery, hath ever held and tanght. and' BO doth hold . and teach still,. that the ,sign of the Cross . made in Baptism addeth not to tbe substance of the sacrament, for: when , the .:minister dippeth the infant in water or layeth water on the fade of iit (as the manner jJso is) and hath pronounced the words,' I baptise thee in the name of the. Father,and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost,' the: infant is fully and perfectly ;baptiaed. So, .as the . sign of; the Cross being afterwards nsed-doth neither add janythiig to the virtue and petfection of Baptism, nor being omitted'doth detract anythiioglrom the effect and substance of it: ; •v 2nd.' It is apparent in the Communion Book that tbe infant baptised, is, by virtue of Baptism, before it be"signed with the sign of the Oross,' ; reoeived-into the congregation of Ohrist's flock, and'not by any-pownr into the sign 'of the Croas. so- that 1 'by the very remembrance of the Gross, whioh ' is - very precious to all'those that rightly' believe ip Jesus Christ, following therein the primitive and' eipoatoHo jchurcbes, and ^accoonting it' a lawful» outward ana. honourable badge whereby the 'infant is dedicated to the eerviog tffHira^Whb died apon the Gross, as by the Words'bSed'dntheBookof CommonPrayer ittaayappe'ar.hjiMzfr. thenseoftbb'sign^f the OrossinBapitifcm''beiirg thus purged from all: -Popish' Bdpefrfetiticm^arid error, and- redaoed in the'-Church lof 'Bngland to the primitive inetitution /of it Vnpon those' true rales of doctrine '-concCTning '.things ' indifferent, which arp oonsbAant to^he' Word of God, tb •the' 1 ijidgment of fdl the 1 anoient fathers, tre •'authority, ^dtisidbriig'thatthings of theinr I 1 selves '-fiii'diirfeMnt ,P «16 s 'in ; &>nte -sort - alte their nature Vhen thby are either commanded, oic^idaib'-byilStM^agiitraW.'itid-may' not his -ionjitted'jaf btrpiy ^jinig pleasure',' ine&ae3aaitd;%li*n J tfa^r are prohibited:"- 