A CHINESE INDUSTRY. Chinese colonists, or sojourners as they may more justly be called, are pretty well distributed over the whale of the Ballarat district, whether as market gardeners, hawkers, or fossickers. The market gardeners are said to use methods o£ raising early p;as and late cabbages which, if known, would not tend to promote the sale of these esculents, but the majority of housewives, appreciating the convenience of luring brought to their doors the vegetables needed for the day’s dinner,' either ignore or disbelieve the rumors and patronise John. Bargain-hunting is often exercised in a prolonged haggle with John. “ You wanteemellytable, Missee 1” says the almond-eyed one, appearing at a kitchen door during the forenoon; “me hah melly good callots, cabbey, martyrs’’ (Anylici “tomatoes"). “ How much are the cabbages, John ?" says the lady questioned, looking at the vendor with an evident keen determination to beat down whatever price he asks. “Big one, tlee-pen’,” taking up one as large as a baby’s head. “ Too much, I’ll give you a penny;” then severely, “ You needn’t try to cheat me, you know.” Ah Lip turns up his eyes with an air of saintly indignation and, mur muring “Yo fee- ar, you too muchee gam mon, reduces the price of the cabbage to twopence hahpetmy. The lady offers three halfpence, and finally compromises for twopence, the Chinese walking off with his article as if ho really couldn’t part with it for twopence, and then coming back to accept it, and ask, with a bland smile, “ Any callots ?"■ This little farce m repeated, as the playbills say, with undiminished eucffiss tor 300 days of the year. A legend, whose origin 13-lost m the mists of antiquity, says that the , Chinese gardener who started in business a cen tury or so after the Deluge was ruined by losses in business. His customers refused to pay him more than half the price he fixed upon his goods, and as ey were perishable he had to sacrifice them, and <«y by day approach nearer bankruptcy. The ruined merchant, so runs the legend, spent forty-eight hours n a gloomy trance. In vain did the gentle Ho-fi P Offer the succulent rice or the fragrant tea; for two days neither were accepted by her lord. At the J i , o£ tbat time the gardener arose with a oyous look, and, loading his baskets, went his cus ro“nd3; Hw customers steadily refused to h/chZ e it n M IUB price ’ and with the usual B >S h he mired 6 eale >. but when the day’s work was over satisfief ?Ver m, 1 ? da y- b <>ok and ledger with a ' Tb ia oootinued day by day and aDd B ardeDer i having amassed a trade to 1 ?jl ueat b |D o the secret of his success in Cidculatin B the cost of produc that be asked the consumer thrice fii-d and f j H f finally acoe Pt«<i half the price and found then that he had made 50 percent. successors in 8 P^ an i® acted mpon by his they conclude tn f e > and that the smile with which at besting the ‘‘V a i 6 S the satisfaeti ° n they feel raisrf bv ow barbarun woman. The vegetables iuiev but, b T ar A, wben £resh - luxuriant and wrinkliui- ?■? n , ot bee P ” well, shrivelling and former s-Ive= “t'L^ 7 becom ® mare ghosts of their Of profit on File-; ? • v . endo , rs > though the percentage penny there 'and fi? ° n 7 make a P enD y hcre and a earn LhilliiiVi ■ tb ° a “? UDt of trotting necessary to undertake i? a “ grea t that no European would care to summed the weight on a- b.oiling tables . m( i J , a Cl,u P le of hugo baskets of vege taUeiseller h “fiuu W ,? Ul , d S rud ß e the ve Se bh garden di-nrim t ! ' robt3, Early and late he is in lie- Hot iT trenching, manuring, and water voted to till'd 6r i". 3 ut, P* antet lj but the one de cur is always eh . Eere a misanthropic derstands He , IS a !in T' li3t > for be un sounds nroduc/id t or f ers and English oaths. Several in Chinese as tn f 7 <o °’ bnd suub c'ose approximates Eok un Darw:n ,Ug wa t - tbat on ® B b°uld go homo and dog lives i s , ' ? Ongm of Species.” How this ■about his kem.ci er ?’ uo half-picked bones are seen be get, no XSiC \Y C:mld be Bafely laid that bad little to ! » ! ( °? blsculU He looks as if he though onlvadlm B^^ 11 c-° luB . ma3ter for, and'as from making ~ ' ,< ; !ISG of P ro P r i e ty restrained him S'ill he guards The off and yellow limbs, tbe collection around ) b.' lrdeu with a vigilant eye, and and blues tone „ °- and bla bqnnel of quartz, granite, Sard from the peci ™ ans > tributes of esteem and re excite the interc-t°nr ° £ . nei Sbborhood, would bouse, which m-l u a geologist. Approaching the composite order of aVr? be ° £ tbe Tery colonially rial under the sun , bltect u r f. 88 nearly every mate aPprehensivelv A in? f U - 3ed 10 buildin B ifc . we sniff 1"* are ranged ,D “ ocen t-\°ob>rig earthenware UD pleasant smell h-. - d " Ean it be that there is an thought Iwe no B ' D , g abol i t the P lace ? Perish the forced at length to fl» Ud nri, glrd . up our loins > bufc are fo "ytobewi 8e p' d A Wbere ignoranoo is bliss, ’tis Very 8b o 0 g fl a V or!d J el, ;w Ahliipi fnteresting, but e *le from the flowery land. hy “ 10dei of B ard ®ning, 0 a rti^iuf^ o ri n^™ E Uhcoiobed Teas, free from . The steadily incren^ 117 ot i her ;ldu Heration, introduced is a CO nri?nf 33 ° of £ th eee Teas wherever by the public of a Pnm ng ) P^° of - of tbe appreciation „ The Quota?ov3 “ and Ge “ a »» Article. ld Tea hs 1)iu l; , “ s 4d > 2e Bd, and 3s, but the be- Kic« recommended. This, and 