DECOUNCY' ONCE MORE. We, Freeman's Journal ; July 7th, hasten to place before our readers a few extracts from the letter of a learned and very observant Austra lian priest, which will, no doubt, prove deeply interesting "to our readers. Atome, April ibtn, i»Y/. I fancy I am now able to form some idea of Italy. To me it looks an epitome of the whole _ world, and filled with striking and not seldom' painful contrasts and contradictions. Here the good and the holy are constantly . roughly elbowed, and bitterly frowned upon by the bad and wicked ; the beautiful in art and nature seem to blush at the presence of its deeply 'and deplorably hideous contradictious. Amongst the people the proudest bearing and most ex travagant luxury mingle with poverty and tilthiness. A piety and a faith almost approach ing .superstition seem associated with the greatest irreverence, or perhaps . I should say want of reverence, for the most sacred thing3. The combatants in the terrible battle between virtue and vice — between justice and spoliation — are duly giving to and receiving from each other great wounds. Vice is loud and rampant, while virtue is modest and retiring ; the good and the holy pray and suffer, but the criminal and heartless scream and stamp like demoniacs. It seems_ as if the days of Antichrist had come upon this historic land, so bold is vice, so un blushing is appalling injustice— impersonated by stiff-necked Jews and the ruthless members of secret societies. In their hideous dens they concoct their infernal schemes against justice, truth, order, and vested rights; and now so im potent is -the arm of usurped authority, they fear not to publish their infamous intentions against justice and God's Church. Italy is now one vast- military camp. The late: enactment in referance to conscription exempt no man under forty years and over eighteen, who is physically suited for warfare ; and expressly included "deacons, priests,, bishops, and higher." Here you see priests drilled with soldiers of the line, roughly and severely used because they are priests and their merciless torturers are true to the brutal instincts of the atheistical member of the Corbonari and other accursed sects, moving like ghosts through a robbed and insulted nation, blasphemy of the drill masters is a shocking echo again and again of the demoniac's screams. And all the fierce haters of the Pharisee for the ."meek and humble" Redeemer once more energises the Hebrew -of to-day and the Freemasons of .Italy, as you can listen to the drill sergeant. One day, not long ago, a priest on drill but poorly succeeded in the use of those weapons of cut-tliroats, while he was with great difficulty screwing the bayonet to his gun, a wretched officer screamed out, "Put some holy oil on it." I have been to Naples, while Victor Immanuel polluted by his swinish presence that lovely land. He attended the great races, at which you would see the most splendid equip ages aud the finest horses, in the world, the most gorgeous pageantry that ever passed before my "view. Ah\\! but see the King approaches ; how cold is the reception he gets from his slaves ; no; loud huzza falls on his ears; the bloated voluptuary must be content with the constrained shouts of his guilty parasites and bis imbecile minions. Hated alike iu Naples and inRoirie, he is nearing fast the hour, when a cry of joy over his downfall shall make the earth tremble ! The aspirations of the masses are Republican or rather Communistic. Garibaldi, . coward, -sen sualist, aud freebooter, is their hero, the idol of a debauched and fallen race.. Matters are now so far advanced in the wrong direction that the terrible remedies can not be far off. The whole States resembles a volcano, the irruption is at hand. Holy Week at Rome has no longer the sweet attractions of former days. Scarcely any strabgers come at that holy season. And— 0 sorrow hard to . be borne !— the magnificent ceremonies which used to fill St. Peter's with wondering and flighted natives of so many distant lands, are of ne cessity discontinued. Liberty has fled with a thrilling cry from the sacred city of the Popes, where she had so long found a fitting temple. On Easter Sunday the marvellous basilica of St. Peter was turned into a grand promenade, where thousands of fashionably dressed persons passed to and fro, seemingly indifferent to the religiouB services going on in the adjoining chapels, all talking aloud as in the streets. The men, however, I must say, took off their hats and did not smoke. Such scandals are only per petrated by the fashionable visitors from haughty England and pert America. What a sad contrast to the deep universal respect prac tised and enforced in the churches or France ! Our English Protestant visitors of serious thoughts and true delicacy of feeling, 'remarked with pain the levity which they could not un derstand or account for on soil so sacred. - . What a country for beggars J I often.wonder whence are all the maimed and deformed one meets about Naples and on the road to Vesu vius. - ' ; A.-,;.:,., . h ; . The prison accommodation in liberated Italy is now insufficient, and hence it is, contemplated turning out on society -50,000 criminals who have served half- time. Truly the people have not improved under their new masters. The Holy Father— the one great and glorious object on which the pilgrim's eyes can look with unqualified joy — though reported dead or dying so often, is yet vigorous in mind and; body, but- owing to sciatica is moved about in a chair. Yesterday the deep longing of my life was grati- fied. I saw "the Pope, the grand old Pope." I was one. of more than one thousand of various nationalities and religious opinions. The par- sous were not only numerous but remarkable in their loud and declared sectional doctrines. The great Pontiff is still not only vigorous iu mind, but surprisingly so in body. Eighty-live years old, 'lie walked- from circle to circle, and ad dressed each iu a elc;:r -and strong voice, IJuot' /forgetting,: to reriiihd uou-Catludics— and now 'his voice changes' into a sad solemn tone,lwhile a (sweet : smilo irradiates his angelic face — "to pray ,for light to arrive at the truth." How softly the french language dropped from the firm lips of "the old man eloquent." As wo returned every one gave his or her opinion as to ''.what he or she had seen and heard ; and without a dissentient voice all exclaimed; " Why that old Pope will live at least five years more." While a few firmly added — " Yes, and livo to see his enemies entombed and the im mortal Church of God free to comfort and save the predestined of the Lord." \- The imminent danger of a European war is stirring to its depths the heart of this people. - Certainly nothing else can purify this Italian atmosphere. But the devil will not be cast off without previously rending and torturing the helpless body. Surely liberty without order is license, and order without religion is impossible for any length of time. When will the incap able statesman of this world understand the powers and consolations, . the . healing and consolidating influence of religion of the immor tal Catholic Church ? A What a terrific commentary is this letter of an Australian priest upon the teaching of the Romish Church ? Itis almost seven years since the illustrious aud gallant Victor Immanuel entered the city of Rome; and less than that time has there been a united and liberated Italy. The priest iu his bat-like obliquity of visiou did not perceive, that the clamant evils of which he most bitterly complains spring entirely out of the abject conditiou, in which the masses were kept in sacerdotal aud cruel bondage. The pressure has keen removed, and a general reaction has been the result. Had Borne been, a true and fostering mother, her children would not have been so obstinate and perverse. ' But the lesson now given affords sufficient evidence that Italy is free, and is resolved not to be again brought into bondage. The people now - have, tested the sweets of civil and religious liberty, and the priesthood must learn to en dure that . deserved reproach and universal calumny, which their former conduct has righteously engendered. The Augean stable of tbc Romish corruptions cannot bo swept away in a day, while the enlightened statesmen that steer the political helm against the opposing elements of insensate priests and a superstitious populace have innumerable quick sands to avoid. It is evident vhat the majority are satisfied, and education rightly dispensed will soon perform astounding marvels. The letter as coming from an interested individual, and appearing iu the coluois of a Romish paper ' sneaks with trumDet-ton sue that the doom of . tne mystical Babylon is sealed. - -G. D. 