THEiTEE ROYAL. ME. DAMPIBE'S HAMLET. A ncvr season opened at the Theatre on Satur day night, when Mr. Dampier, a gentleman of whom we have heard good reports from the neighbouring colonies, made his first appearance in South Australia in the arduous role of Hamlet before a large and decidedly sympa thetic audience, as was evinced by the reception he met with on his first entrance and the hearty applause with which he was greeted at various points of the performance. The amount of success which Mr. Dampier achieved proved that he had not over-rated his own ability. His portrayal of the complex and difficult character of the unfortunate Prince gives evidence of care ful and earnest study accompanied by a large amount of intelligence. What Mr. Dampier's conception of the motif oi Hamlet's conduct and the object of his life is was not very clearly con veyed. If we understand him aright, he begins with the hypothesis that Hamlet's madness was merely feigned—an assumption which we have before stated we do not think is warranted by the text, but which is undoubtedly the most effective for the purpose of stage representation. If Mr. Dampier does not show any consistency in the hero's actions he is justified by the language of the play. Any one who has given the character' serious consideration must see that Hamlet has no settled purpose in life after his mind is nnhinged by family tronbles. His acts from first to last are not influenced by any fixed object, and the retributive deed at the close in killing the King is done on the impulse of the moment, and is induced by circumstances which he has had no hand in bringing to pass. In one or two scenes Mr. Dampier's acting might have con veyed the impression that he believed Hamlet's mind was temporarily unstrung, but the idea was never fully demonstrated. The phase in the character of the unfortunate Prince which Mr. Dampier most prominently displays, and properly so, is his very affectionate native, as shown in his intense love for his dead father, his guilty mother, his gentle mistress, and his faithful friend. Mr. Dampier, who lias a good stage presence and strong, well-cultivated voice, adopts the flaxen wig. He dresses the character in a manner which is dissimilar from the tunic traditional dress as worn by Mr. Brooke, or the short doublet such as was introduced by jMr. Montgomery and Mr. Fairclough. He also has a cloak reaching nearly to the knee banging behind like a hussar's jacket. Bound his neck is a heavy chain,' from which depends a miniature of his dead father, of which considerable use is made. A number of alterations are made in the situa tions, which are for the most part effective, par ticularly that in which the body of the drowned Ophelia is carried past an open archway at the back of the stage. Another use is made of this archway, which opens on the battlements over looking the sea. In the first scene with Bosen cranz and Guildenstern the words, "This most excellent canopy, the air, look you,—this brave o'erhanging firmament, this majestical roof fretted with golden fire"—are spoken by the Prince standing beneath the open sky in a tone of exaltation as of one who loved the phenomena of nature. There is, however, another point which cannot be overlooked, and which Mr. Dampier would do well to rectify. He takes very great liberties with the text. In an ordinary play this may pass unnoticed, but in Shakspearian drama it is inexcusable. In his elocution Mr. Dampier is rather fond of marked contrasts. He speaks a few lines in a deeply solemn accent, and then suddenly breaks into a light and rapid conver sational tone. Sometimes this is really appro priate, although rather opposed to the conven tional idea of the " melancholy Prince," hut at others it rather jars on the ear. Glancing through the performance the first point ef difference that attracted attention was in ike ghost scene, where Mr. Dampier sauk on his knee, and in that posture addressed the spirit. The speech, "Angels and ministers of grace defend us," was in part delivered in a rather sermonic tone; but the scene on the whole was impressive. At the words, " I am thy father's spirit," Mr. Dampier drops his sword, and appears shaken with intense emotion. We hold it a mistake that Hamlet shonld repeat the word " murder" in a tone of surprise as Mr. Dampier renders it. Hamlet has strongly sus pected the fact—that of his uncle's guilt—and his accent should be one of conviction or of deep horror at having his suspicions confirmed, but not of astonishment. After the disappearance of the spirit Mr. Dampier produced a good effect by standing apparently stupefied for a moment or two and then falling prone; but the realism would have been heightened if the fall had been seemingly a failure of the muscles to sustain the weight of the body, and had borne less the appearance of premeditation. In the scene that follows with Horatio and Marcellus it may be admitted that as Hamlet afterwards reveals what has passed in the ghostly interview to Horatio, his principal canse of distrust was Marcellus; but this hardly justifies Mr. Dampier in making his speech so pointedly refer to Mar cellus alone as he does when he says—addressing him directly—"But yoitll be secret;" and after wards, " 'lis an honest ghost, that let me tell you;" and, "As for year desire to know what is between us" (pointing to himself and Horatio). The terms of the oath, too, were specially tendered to Marcellus, who then made his exit, Hamlet and Horatid retiring into a small lighted chapel at the o.p. side, in which an organ is playing softly. Now we hold strongly that the text docs not warrant the supposition that Hamlet and Horatio had already anything between them touching the scene that had just taken place, nor that Hamlet had determined to reveal the secret to his friends, though the fact that he afterwards did so favours the presumption that snch was his intention. The language in the scene obviously refers to both Horatio and Marcellus, and should be addressed to both. To the meeting with Bosencranz and Guilden etern reference has already been made, but there were two other points in this interview worth noticing. First, the violent manner in which Hamlet says, referring to the actors, " the King shall be welcome;" and afterwards, on hearing that they are not so favoured as formerly, says, "It is not strange, for my uncle is King of Denmark," as though he could not get the King out of his thoughts. The idea was a good one of causing the two sycophants to wear medal lions of the King round their necks, which Hamlet handles, whilst saying, "Those that would make mows at him while my father lived give twenty, forty, fifty, a hundred ducats a piece for his picture in little," The fine soliloquy, " Oh, what a rogue and neasant slave am I," was given with considerable force, hut it is questionable if it was not a trifle too load. " To be or not to he" was spoken standing or rather walking about, and was not ineffective. An entirely new reading was given to the interview with Ophelia. The expedient of making the King and Polonius visible is used, alia Mr. Dampiers idea is that JAauuet snail direct parts of his discourse at them; but ■when out of their sight and hearing he canuot resist showing the true state of his feelings for Ophelia, and so the interview consists of bursts ^f wild insult and impassioned tenderness. He draws Ophelia's head npon his breast when saying " I did love you once," which_ is gently spoken, then throws her off, and in frantic rage hurls the following sentence more at the King than at her; and where, speaking of his offences, he says, "Iam very proud, revengeful, ambitious," he plainly addresses his concealed uncle, and at the word ambitious encircles his head with his hand as though to indicate that his ambition is to wear the crown. He tears the letters Ophelia has just given him to frag ments, and throws them towards the King. All this was effective enough, hut what follows we canuot commend. Most of the sDeech, " I have heard of your paintings, too," was spoken out side, hut a return was made at the words, " It hath made me mad." Ophelia had sunk on her knees in the middle of the stage when saying, " Oh, heavenly powers, restore him!" and re mained kneeling. ^Hamlet, standing at the wing, calls her to him with the vulgar expres sion, " I say." Then taking her in his arms, adds tenderly, " AVe will have no more mar riages, &c.;," breaking into a rage at the words, "To a nunnery go." It will he perceived that in this the text is actually adhered to, which runs—" I say v/e v. ill Luc :io more marriagesbut the interpretation placed upon it by Mr. Dampier is, to put it mildly, a most extraordinary oue. The play scene was very effectively presented, and the burst of frantic rage at the close was exceedingly realistic. The seeond interview with Eosencrauz and Guildenstern was well managed and thoroughly natural. In the closet scene it looked too suggestive of the purpose to which it would be put for Hamlet to come in with a drawn sword in his hand. This action, how ever, bespeaks thought on the part of Mr. Dampier, who has evidently taken the proper view that Hamlet would not he wearing his sword in the house, but yet might carry it with him on such an occasion as this to guard against treachery. As we have before said on a previous occasion, we regard the entrance of the ghost in this scene as an error, because it is only viewed by .Hamlet, which impression is destroyed when it is palpably present to all eyes. The address to the spirit was given solemnly but calmly, and the voice lacked the emotional quality, but the appeal to the Queen was -very tender tend touch-' ing. Instead of the long black cloak usually adopted in the graveyard scene Mr. Dampier wears a short garment, with sleeves heavily brimmed with fur, and conducts the colloquy With the gravedigger seated on a chest. The wild, rhapsody at the grave was admirably rendered, and the contrast to the everyday tone in which the words, " Khy an' thou'lt mouth, Til rant as well as thou," were delivered was very marked and otriking. The notion of con stantly making pointed allusions to the King was sustained here by addressing to him the ' words—"The cat will mew, the dog will have his day." The final scenes in the tragedy were also well worked out. I Mr. Dampier was greeted with hearty ap plause throughout, and was recalled at the termination of each act, which is conclusive evidence that he has made a favourable impres sion. Enough has been said to show that he has carefully thought out the part for himself, and has been actuated by a desire to present it in what he regards as a proper light. Though. by no means devoid of faults, his conception of this very difficult role does him great credit and speaks highly for his intelligence and earnestness. We venture to say that, putting all prejudice aside, few will be displeased with Mr. Dampier's Hamlet. The repetition of " Hamlet" onMonday evening, August 6, drew a large audience, which, judging from the continuous applause, thoroughly appre ciated Mr. Dampier's delineation of the Prince of Denmark. At the close of every act Mr. Dampier was called before the curtain, and the ladies and gentlemen supporting liim also received many hearty tokens of approbation. Miss Young's Ophelia was ■ a very meritorious performance throughout. In the mad scene— the most critical test of an actress's ability—she was exceedingly natural, and avoided any appearance of self-consciousness—the stumbling block over which many trip who attempt the part. Her madness displayed an abandon which was thoroughly effective, and her voice had a ring of genuine pathos. She received a hearty round of applause and a recall at the end of the act. Mr. "West appeared as the King—a part which he has often played before, and in which he is always efficient. His render ing of the agonizing soliloqny—" Oh, my offence is rank," was very earnestly and forcibly delivered, without any approach to rant. Mr. Joyce presented the pedantic old courtier Polo nius very creditably, as indeed he does every cbaracter entrusted to him; but we could not help feeling sorry that Mr. Welsh—who gave such an excellent portrayal of the part when supporting Mr. Fairclough—should have been relegated to the unsatisfactory roles of Mar cellus and the First Actor. Mr. Brown as Horatio and Mr. Douglas as Laertes were re spectable, but both a trifle stiff. Mr. Rainford rendered the really difficult role of the Ghost in an impressive manner, and Mr. South would have made a success of the First Gravedigger— and with all faults was certainly very humorous — but he hardly knew a word of his part. Miss Melville did her part best, but was too heavily weighted with the role of the Queen, and gave a veiy subdued rendering. The other dramatis persona were represented by Messrs. Elliott, Carey,and Hasker, and Misses Oliver and Mainwaring, who were all well grounded in the text and business. "J.... ; :iEGOR THE MOUNTEBANK." Adelaideans who have witnessed the per* formances of Mr. Dampier in the neighbouring colonies have been unanimous in saying that it would be unfair to a good actor to judge him entirely by his first appearance, particularly as it was in the very arduous role of Hamlet. That this opinion was a correct one all who attended the Theatre on Tuesday evening will agree. Seldom has the applause been more spontaneous and hearty than that which greeted Mr. Dampier and his charming little daughter Lily in their impersonations of Belphegor and Henri. The only regret which could have been felt by any one of the audience last evening was that there was not a greater number present to share in the enjoyment. All old playgoers will be familiar with the romantic drama " Belphegor the Mountebank." We suppose it must be termed melodrama, but if so it is of the same class as " Flowers of the Forest"and "Green Bushes," which are well constructed plays, containing many natural touches, and although romantic are devoid of the gross improbabilities and maudlin senti mentality which characterize productions of the melodramatic school nowadays. The story of Belphegor is very simple. A poor itinerant performer marries a girl whom he imagines to be as humble as himself. After they have lived happily together for nine years and she has borne him two children, it is discovered that she is a daughter of a noble bouse. One of the children is dying, and the poor couple are unable to afford it proper atten dance and comfort. To secure these for her dying child the mother, who has previously refused to leave her devoted husband, consents at length to go to her rich relatives. She is required to renounce him, and the poor moun tebank with the child who is left to him is driven from village to village and not allowed to stay in order to save the credit of his wife's noble relatives. He, however, at length forces himself into her presence with his boy, and the voice of nature more powerful than all the threats of her powerful friends compels the wife to acknowledge her husband to the world. Her rich old kinsman, affected by the nobility of the man, determines to brave all exposure and patronise the poor despised mountebank. Mr. Dampier's impersonation of Belphegor was a most powerful and impressive perfor mance. He has the qaality which ontweighs every other in an actor— genuine feeling— lacking which it is impossible to evoke the sympathy of an audience. His strongest point is bis entire naturalness. All the effect on his auditors is obtained without any apparent effort and even in the most exciting situation he is careful to " beget a temperance that may give it smoothness." There was a ring of true pathos in the scene where Belphegor suspects his adored wife of an intention to leave him, and afterwards begs her forgiveness. And there were many wet eyes in the Theatre when he discovers that she has actually deserted him. The realism of the scene also where the broken man and starving boy play their tragic comedy before the sneering heartless aristocrats was ineffably touching. .The force and empressemcat as conveyed by Mr. Dampier's acting when Bel phegor wrests the secret of his wife's place of abode from the scoundrel Lavarennes were felt by all who witnessed them, and were rewarded with an enthusiastic burst of applause. We can cordially endorse the criticism of Mr. Dampier in Sydney Punch. He is unquestionably " a well graced actor," and one whom we are heartily glad to welcome. He and his little daughter received a double recall at the end of each scene, as the audience would not be satisfied with the raising of the curtain, but called loudly for their appearance in front. And now for little Lily. For once common report has retrieved its character for mendacity when it spoke of her as a " wonderful child actress," Little Lily is honestly the most natu ral and charming child actress we have seen for many years. There is no trace of the " infant pbci.cmenon" about her acting, which is evi dently unstudied and is the inspiration of her own intuitive talent. There is a spontaneousness in her comedy and an earnestness in her more serious passages which make her acting as delightful as it is unusual. She is simply a winning graceful child artiste, whose acting is so natural as to cease to he acting at all. She well earned the enthusiastic reception she met with on her first appearance. Little Lily is certain to become a prime favourite, Miss Young acted with care and discretion as Madeline, the stroller's wife, but was a trifle impassive at times. The villain Lavarennes was presented by Mr. West in his best style. He earned the compliment of being well hooted and hissed—a proof that the character was naturally portrayed. Mr. South as the buffoon Fanfaronade was in his glory. The part fitted him like a glove, and it is not a remarkably easy one either, as there is always the danger of its being over done. This fault Mr. South carefully avoided, and his humour created unbounded merriment and elicited loud tokens of approval. The other principal characters in the play were very excellently filled as follows :— Duke de Montbazon, Mr. Joyce; Viscount Hercule. Mr. Brown; the Count de Blangy, Mr. Elliott; Marquis de Courgemont, Mr. Carey; Viscount D'Aprignol, Mr. Douglas; Duperon, Mr. Hasker: Mademoiselle de Varmandois, Miss Mainwaring ; Zephyrina Petipas, Miss Oliver : Mdlle. Catherine, Miss Rogers. " Belphegor" was reproduced on Wednesday night. 