I THE MURDER AT NORTH-WEST BAY. COMMITTAL OF FRANCIS SHEARAN. [By our Special Reporter.] Mr. Robert Williamson and the jury previously empanelled resumed the inquiry into the cause of the death of Laurence Fallon, at the Police Office, Kingston, on Saturday, November 24. The evidence of Dr. Barnard, as previously re- ported, was read, and the prisoners, Francis and Mary Shearan, who were present, were informed that, after it hod been read, they were at liberty to put any questions they desired to Dr. Barnard. The malo prisoner said he had uo questions to ask, as he did not see the "man " for a long time. The female prisoner declined to question the doctor. Dr. Barnard was re-examined, and stated that the blow in the skull, in his opinion, was the cause of, and was quite sufficient to cause,death. There was no doubt that Laurence Fallon died from the effects of a blow. There were no other marks of a serious nature than those described visible on the de- ceased. The prisoner was again asked by the Coroner whether ho had any question to put to the doctor, and he replied "No, sir." The evidence of Elizabeth Young (previously re- ported) having been read, she stated that the pri- soner then present was the Francis Shearan that she in her evidence referred to. The male prisoner to witness: Have you ever seen me out at night with any torch ? The witness : I saw a lighted torch when I waa going to your place, and I supposed it was you that had the torch There are very few other people that are in the habit of being in that neighbourhood, and I supposed at the time that it was you that I saw with the torch. By the Coroner : On the morning of the 13th instant, witness saw the female prisoner at the Morning Star Hotel, Margate, sitting on the shaft of a dray, John Denehey spoke to Mrs. Shearan and said "This is a bad job, Mary," when she re- plied, "The soup done it all." Witness remarked, "yes, Mary, the soup done it all." The prisoners declined to ask the witness any further questions. Michael Minnhcn, a boy, was then recalled and his evidence read, when he identified the male prisoner as the man whom he saw cutting a log at Poverty Gully. By the jury : Witness had been standing at the hole a few minutes when he was called by Levan. Shearan did nothing but talk to witness while he was there. By male prisoner : Witness might have seen the log whole on some occasion previous to the time when he Baw the prisoner cutting it. Witness did not know whother the end of the log covered the hole before it was cut off. The female prisoner declined to ask any questions. James Levan, a boy, was re- ealled, and his evidence road. The male prisoner said that he had no questions to ask, ns the boy had told the truth, and he (prisoner) " told him the samo words that had been read." Goorgo Lev.in was also recalled, and his evidence read, when tho prisoners declined to question the witness. Patrick Finn, territorial constable, was put into the witness box, and the evidence previously given by him, read, when ho stated that it was the deceased's right hand trousers' pocket that was found turned inside out when the body was dis- covered. The following additional evidence was then taken : Robert Walter Stuart, constable in charge of the Kingborough district, deposed to seeing the body at Margate on the 13th instant, which was identified as that of Laurence Fallon. The hole where the body was found was Bituatcd about 183 yards in a gully in front of Shearan's hut. On the 10th inst., in conscqucuco of information received, witness, Constable Finn, and James Levan went to Shearan's rcsideiioc. On arriving at the hut witness saw both the prisoners. Witness told .Slieavan that ho came up to search the gully in front of prisoner's house, and also a bolo in that locality. Witness asked prisoner if he would assist, and he said he had no objection. Prisoner advised witness not to go down into tho gully as there were some holes, one of which ono of his cows had got into, in conse- quence of .which he filled it up. Shearan said ho had "a devil of a bother to get the cow out." Witness asked prisoner whether he liad seen Fallou's ghost, when prisoner remarked that tho mate of the ship he carno out in said that when once a man was killed, there he lay, aud there was no moro of him, and there was no fear of Iii ni re appeariug. Witness deposed to Constable Finn borrowing a spade (produced) from Shearan, aiid inducing the prisoner to bring out his gun, which, after examination, was discharged twico by James Levan. Witness and Janies Levan then proceeded to the bolo, leaving Finn and the prisoner, who were engaged in conversation, to follow. . When witnesB had gone about 30 yards, he turned round and saw the prisoner and constable Finn following him. After witness had been at the hole about a minute, Constable Finn arrived there also," and witness asked where Shearan was. Finn replied that ho had retired into the bush, but he (Finn) left Shearan, thiukiug that ho would follow him. Wit- ness, Finn, and James Levan then commenced work at the hole, which was fenced all round. The fence was from 3ft. to 4ft. high, and composed of fork sticks with saplings laid acroBS. The hole was covered with boughs and a log ; underneath tho log there were alternate layers of boughs and earth. Immediately over the body there were about 3ft. of earth. The log had apparently been cut recently by & cross-cut saw from «dead tree which was found near the hole. Witness then described the excavation of the hole aud the finding of the body of Fallon, in consequence- of Levan, while digging, feeling.something that waa "spongy." When wit- ness and the others had been at work at the hole about tpn minutes, witness. thqught it strapgo that Shearau did not make his appearance, Mid «P: cordingly witness and Finn went away tu look for Shearan. They did not find the prisoner, whom, up to that time, they had no " positivo " suspicions against. AVitncss and Finn thon returned to the hole. After the discovery of the body wit- ness and Finn proceeded to Shearan'» hut, and en- quired of Mrs. Shearan where her husband was, but did not got any satisfactory answers. Witness also asked where the gun was, but Mr«. Shearan de- clined to say. With regard to hor husband she said that she had not seen him since he left with Finn. The constables then made a search for the prisoner, but did not succeed in finding him. Afterwards they got the assistance of William Young and Wm. Brautham, who helped to get the body out of the hole. After the body was taken out of the hole, George Levan arrived on the spot. There wore only some receipts found upon the deooased. The body was taken to .the prisoners' but, in which no one . was found, and sub sçqucntly carried , to the Moniing Star Hotel stable. The tomahawk j'/pducei) WOB fourni at the prisoners' hut. Witness arrested the female prisoner at Minahou'a hut, and charged her with having murdered Laurence Fallon. On the 17th instant the malo prisoner was brought into Kingston hy John Denehcy, and given into the custody of the police. On charging him with murdering Fallon, he said tho reason for leaving Finn WOB that ho did not " care about bursting the log," as ho had been ill for two or three days. There waa a small stream of water running over tho spot where tho body was found. Nothing had ever been said to the prisoner about " bursting " a log. By the jury 7 Witness, Finn, and Levan had been at the hole botwoeii two and three hours before the body was found. The country about the bolo was very hilly and scrubby. ' , . The male prisoner said he had no questions to ask the witness who, ho said, had "spoken very fair." The tomahawk had been in prisoners' possession for twenty years. John Donchoy, farmer, residing at the Snug, testified to tho conversation, reported above, which took place between him and the female prisoner. On Satunlay lost tho molo prisoner went to witness and asked lum to take him to Brown's River. TI|o prisoner then made somo enquiries concerning his cattle, and' asked, why tjio police had taken Mary. Witness replied that ho thought that it was so that she could not provide him with food, and in order to seo if they could find anything out of her. Tho prisanor replied that thcro was no fear of that, as she was a good "trump." In reply to an enquiry marlo on the 17th by witness as to why ho ran away from Finn, bo said it was because he had been searching for ' 'Larry" for two days, and did not feel inclined to continue tho search, as ho was not well. By tim malo prisoner: Witness, who was at home, saw the prisoner pn the morning of tho day when tlip body was found. Prisoner asked witness to allow hig son to go and assist in fellingn "shoU"(ahollowtreo) to lill in a bolo which ho (prisoner)* had been filling up, to prevent his cattle from falling in. Witness declined to allow his Bon to do so. * Tho female prisoner refused to question .this wit ness. Phillip Donehoy, farmer, tho Snug, deposed that he know tho prisoner and the deceased. The de- ceased had stated that Shearan had given him somo soup whioh contained poison. Deceased stated that aftor taking tho soup he got dry, aiidwhonhe rose, in- tending to get a drink of water, he reeled out of the door, and laid thero till the next morning. , By tho Jury : The conversation referred to above took place about September 2. Witness Baw the deceased a few days subsequently, when the state. ment respecting the soup was repeated. That was tho last timo witness Baw Fallon alive. The prisoner declined to question the witness, and remarked that he "siipposeatheinanBpoketohim." District-constable Stuart stated that that was all tho evidence he had to offor. The malo prisoner, having boon cautioned, made tho following statement :-"I have nothing in the world to say ; I didn't know the corpse was thero moro than the man in the moon." Both prisoners said they hod no ovidence to pro- duce, and the female prisoner made no statement. The Coroner addressed the jury, pointing out that the evidence adduced was purely of a circumstantial character, and counselling them in coming to a decision to consider the ovidence in its entirety, and not eliminate any portions of it for consideration. The Coroner then read the evidence and commented upon that portion respecting the soup, and asked whether they thought any sane man would fill in a hole in which'there W.IB a dead body. There waa no doubt that Shearan had filled up the hole, inasmuch as ho had admitted having done so, and there was abundant evidence in support of the fact. When tho hole was open and dangerous, it was not fenced in, but after it had been filled in, it appeared that a fence had boon erected. That was very re- markable, and it was for them to decide why the fence had been erected. The prisoner had admitted the truthfulness of the evidence. There was no doubt that the prisoner and deceased were upon bad terms, owing to some misunderstanding about some soup, and it was very clear that Shearan cherished some ill-feoling towards Fallon. It was clear from the evidence that Shearan after leaving Finn returned to the hut and obtained the single-barrelled gun. Shcaran's statement that there was no fear of his wife saying anything because she was a good trump, was deserving of their consideration, and the desire of the prisoner to cut down the "shell," was evidently with a view to cover the hole. Dr. Barnard had been very careful in giving his ovi. dence, and stated that the body had been buried at least a week, but it was evident that the body liad been buried more than a week, as it had been proved that the hole bad been filled more than a week. There was no doubt that a murder had been committed, and the evidence showed that there was ill-feoling between the deceased and tile prisoner. The facts of the accused going away, and subsequently giving himself into tue custody of the police, wero commented. upon, and the coroner said he could come to no other conclusion than that the prisoner knew something about the death of Fallon. However, it was for them to say who committed the murder. The evidence did not seem to connect the female prisoner with the murder. The points 'for decision by the jury were, bad a murder been committed, and if so by whom 1 The jury, after a briof consultation, returned a verdict that the death of the deceased was caused by the injuries described by the doctor, and that such injuries were indicted by the prisoner, Francis Shearan. The coroner then informed the accused that the jury had returned a verdict of wilful murder against him, and therefore he would stand committed to take his trial at tho next sittings but ouo of tho Supreme Court. 1 The prisoner, Francis Shearan, was then removed, ' and tho female prisoner discharged. 