CHAPTER IV. Burden left the Shore Line at New London, and took the train along the river bank to Nor- wich. The cars rolled slowly, and the track leaned and lurched to one aide and the other but at last it recovered its presence of mind, and stood up straight ; the engine-bell rang, and they glided swiftly across the river into a quiet town surrounded by steep and fierce little hills. Was this the city of the ghosts ? It seemed too real ; Burden made his way from the depôt toward the hotel in great depres- sion. He had not gone for however, before a brisk pony-carriage came rattling by him down the street. In it were two young women. The one who drove was dressed in a rich but light costume ; she had a serious and a delicate face, from which a soft gray veil blew back, and a twinkling ear-ring under it glistened like a star. She happened to look toward him, as they passed, and he, confused, almost paused, then blushed- and went on. A few steps off, he stopped to see where the little vehicle went to. It drove straight toward the station ; and he had a queer kind of conviction that if he had waited long enough he might have been the person they were expecting. After dinner, he made some inquiries at the office, but could learn of no Burdens living in the place. There were several Elderkins, how- ever, and he at once set out to find one John, a farmer, who lived near what is called the Old Town. The way led through a long avenue bordered by huge elms and lined with large and pleasant houses. The elms towering up close by and tapering off in the distance, seemed to be solemnly and obsequiosly ushering him into some august ancestral presence. But they came to an end, and disdainfully left him to the offices of a country road. On this, some distance out, he came-with a throb of the heart-to the house that belonged to John Elderkin. It was a large wooden structure refined by the long humility of pointlessness into an ebon- dark hue, gambrel- roofed, with a pair of high, heavy chimneys, and a big roof at the back that re-assured itself as to the safety of its high position by quality reaching down nearly to the ground. In front, was a small grassy space, a few feet above the road ; and, near the gate, a shapely cherry-tree young, fresh, and sunny. Will approached, and sounded a sharp summons with the iron knocker. After some delay, the door of the dark house was opened by a lovely young woman. The first impression he received was that of an unwonted, marvellous sort of radiance from her face ; then his eyes sank to her dress, and he saw that, though sub- dued in tone and trimming, it was of rich material. " Perhaps I have made a mistake," faltered, as he looked up again. " I-I-" " How curious !" said the young woman, eying him with quiet scrutiny. "Didn't I see you at the landing at hour or so ago ? Excuse my asking, but it seemed so strange !" Then, all at once, he perceived that it was the very same girl be had seen in the pony carriage. " Yes, I am," he said, putting down his sur- surprise. " But, is this John Elderkin's house ?" " Oh, yes. Would you like to see him ?" " Let me explain myself first. I have come on a queer, wild errand-to look up my ancestors." His listener looked startled, then a flitting smile crossed her face ; but she waited. " My name is not Elderkin," he went on, " but there were Elderkins among my line." Then her manner melted, a genial, though curious surprise beamed from her face as she said : " Come in then, do, for we're all Elderkins here." " And you are Elderkin's daughter after all?" asked the pilgrim. "I was almost certain when I first saw you that you must be one of the family-" " You were right," said she, " but I'm not John's daughter-his cousin." As she spoke they entered the hall, and she showed him into a low-studded, dimly lit keeping-room, where the twilight of memory reigned unbroken, and the beams in the ceiling appeared like the very ribs of Time. There she left him a moment, but returned with a brown faced man of forty-five in a homely suit, over whose square forehead short curly knots of hair hung in a dark line. His features wore an ex- pression which Burden had often seen in family daguerreotypes of his father's, and the young enthusiast's heart bounded toward him at once. The farmer was pleased with his hearty greeting, and bade him sit down. "I never looked much into tbose matters myself," he said, when be learned Will's object ; " but my wife has some papers. Cynthia," he added, turning toward the richly dressed cousin who still stood near the door, " would you get that paper of Sarah's ?" Will's head began to spin. He stared toward the radiant girl, but she had faded like a vision from the door-way. His heart throbbed, and an undefined awe began to creep over him. " What did you call her ?" hs demanded, laying hold of Elderkin's arm in a feverish " But she said she was an Elderkin." " Well," said the farmer, with some testiness, "Cynthia Elderkin. Is there any harm in that ?" "It took me by surprise-that's alL There was another Cynthia Elderkin once. " Did you know her?" asked John. "That would be curious !" "Oh, no," Will hastened to explain. "I didn't know her. She lived a hundred years ago and more." "Well, I swear !" ejaculated Elderkin, glanc- ing at his visitor in alarm. At this point Cynthia re-entered, looking at if she had indeed stepped out of the past, for she held in her hand an old and many creased yellow document, which she brought to Will ; and to the young man's superstitious fancy she might have been the elder Cynthia herself, answering some invocation of his with this Sibylline leaf in hand. It was a chart in which the various family lines shot forth from a common centre, radiating into a hopeless tracery. Will, however, was soon deftly engaged in exploring the maze, and skirmished over the tangled record with his pencil point, in search of his own particular Burdens, " Wethered, Elderkin-Bergamer Elderkin," he muttered with a mystic repetition, while he ran first along one thread, then another. " Ah, here it is ! Here are the Burdens ! But, see !" he cried ruefully, holding up the dismal yellow page. " It stops short off! There is no record of my line." Cynthia burst into a merry laugh. " Really, it's very unfortunate," she said, " but don't be disheartened. If your bough to the tree is invisible, you're not, you know." "What would you advise me to do?" he asked perplexedly. " You must come to see my mother, she answered. " Can I ?" he asked eagerly. " I will take you with me now," she said, " if Cousin John will let me." Cousin John seemed a good deal embarrassed. There waa a disparity between his awkward manners and Cynthia's reposeful mien. Then his humble clothes and Cynthia's elegance what did this mean? A fell suspicion crossed Burden's consciousness. " It must be " he thought, "that John is poor, and she rich." But he followed Cynthia's voice. They bade their kinsman good-bye and went out, passing through the grim black door-way, and under the sunny boughs of the cherry-tree. " What a splendid, honest fellow he seems !" burst out Will, as they walked down the road. " Don't you admire him ?" " Indeed I do ; but I must tell you one thing before we go any further. It is a secret that I would rather not have to tell ; but - " . " What can it be ?" asked Burden, at once disturbed. " It's not a pleasant one," she returned quietly. " I suppose when you came out ex- pected to find a sort of ideal community here, didn't you ? You fancied your relatives would all be living under a beautiful patriarchal system." ' I don't know; I suppose I did." " And now I have to undeceive you." " Oh," pleaded Will, with a kind of groan, " don't tell me that-" . . " I must, I must," persisted the grave, suave girl. " Yes, there is enmity and want of charity here, as well as in other places. Cousin John and my father don't speak to each other !" Burden was silent with dismay. After a moment's interval, he said sadly : "I see. John Elderkin is poor. He is a farmer. I am a farmer too, Miss Elderkin ; at least my father was." " You do not look like one," said she, measur- ing him well. " I have been studying law," he confessed. " Ah !" cried Cynthia, quite sharply. " Why, that is my father's profession. Isn't it strange that you should unite the two ?" She looked earnestly into his face, and a swift, mutual understanding and a something like hope seemed to kindle between them. " You make me feel," he said, eagerly, " as if there were something fortunate in the fact. Can it be possible that I-- ? I wish there may be something for me to do to heal the breach !" He stopped short in the road, as if he would have devised instant measures. (Concluded in our next) 