CAMPBELL TOWN. (From our own Correspondent.) ' Coubt of General Skssions. (Present—C. H. Leake, Esq., Chairman, and the Warden.) Assessment Boll. There were five notices of appeal, but only three were supported. The first was from Mr Rigall, of Ross, appealing against the assessment of 2300 l-acres crown land rented by hiui, on the grouiid that it was too highly assessed, viz., at £40 and he only paid £20 rent. It was reduced to £20. No. 2 appeal was from Mrs Hoi-ton, appealing against the assessment of her property at the Windfalls, viz., 2965 acres assed at £161, on theground that it was too highly assessed, Mr Rigall appeared for Mrs Horton, and informed the Court that it was not worth uiore than Mis Parramore's land adjoining. Mrs P. had 7144 acres, and was only assessed at £105. is The so well Court decided to reduce Mis Horton's assessment to £131. Mr John Kirk by, of Clevohi'id, apealed against the assessment of his j roperty, situated at Cleveland, on grounds to the former persons, gave as a reason, that the Main Line Railway had ruined his property, and he only paid £70 per annum for it, including two small properties assessed at £13. The Court decided to reduce his assessment from £94 10s to £60. Weather. The weather for some weeks past has been very dry, and the want of rain is much le.t. Bush tires are raging in all directions. The engine on the Main Line Railway has set the bush on tire in many parts along the line, and burnt a great deal of fencing. One gentleman keeps a man on a horse to follow the train to put out the tires on his estate. Thistles a n d Briers. This part of the Island is now getting quite overgrown with thistles and briers, all through the negligence of land holders aud others, and the "Thistle Act" is allowed to remain nnita a dead letter. TALES AND SKtiCTTFb. The Adventures of a Night. In the stiug parlour of the Magpie a goodly company were assembled. There was Tickle, the watchmaker: Brown, the grocer; Jones, the blacksmith, and a host of similar worthies ; last and least—but not in his own eyes —there was Snip, the tailor, a man valorous and brave, bold and courageous, fearing no man—at least, this was what he said of himself. s But if Snip feared not man, there was one woman who held hiin in utter subjection, and that woman was his wife. The truth must be told—the valiant tailor was notoriously hen- pecked. The clock struck eleven. Snip started and gave an alarmed look around him. There had been an inquest at the Magpie that day, and the company assembled in the parlour had constituted the jury ; the convei-sation had run on such interesting topics—murdeis, sui cides, and the like—that Snip had forgotten the flight of time, and only awoke to a sense of his miserable situation when the clock struck. He arose in a great tremor, and remarking that it was getting late, stag gered out of the room without perceiving the winks and grins which circulated among his late companions. When he readied the open air everything seemed to be performing a revolving dance around Mr Snip. The haystack belonging to the landlord had found a partner—for Snip was sure tlxhe saw two where only one had been—and executed a whirling gallop. The stable, the neighbouring cottages, the inn, all were seized with the dancing mania; even the road appeared to have joined itself into a circle, and to be whirling madly round and round the bewildered tailor. , stops He tlecuj gazed awhile at these astonishing phenomena, and then sat down to wait until order was restored. "For," he argued, within himself, " until tho road returns to its proper position, bow ain I to lind my wav home ?" The seat he had dropped upon ,wasa boreo-trough; wliich waBhall')iilod witb water, ana some say it seemed to be t as much : under the. influence of the' d lancing goddess—if such there be—as verything else; for Snip felt himself « twisted rapidly round two or three; times, and then t ;rown down liy his joisteruiia partus; and Tickle, the ''••atchmoker, coming out of t! e inn i.d proceeding homewards frund Snip placidly lying upon his back in the horee-trough, bait covered with water, and gazing calmly upon the sky. This good Samaritan assisted him to rise, and led him home, where be lef t -him to his own devices to obtain admission. Snip knocked at the door with a trembling hand ; he was sober enough now to dread the appearance of bis household deity, and to feel sure tlxat his dripping coat would not go far towards propitiating her. No answer to his fii-st sunimous, so he knocked again-. No answer. Again and again he applied bis knuckles to the door before he bethought himself of trying whether it was locked or no. He tried. It yielded to his touch, and Snip entered his own house. He looked carefully around ; no one was visible, and he chuckled at the idea that his wile was absent and would never know how late he had come in if he went to bed at once. He had got half way tip-stairs when a cunning idea entered his head. He would lock his wile out, and would make her humble hei- sell'to hiin before he would allow her to enter. That would be funny ! He turned back, locked the door, giving a drunken laugh as he did so, :i:id then mounted the stairs, still chuckling in the greatest glee. He undressed quickly, and was about t.n ump into bed, when dreadful to relate, the avenger, in the form of Mrs Snip, suddenly appeared from behind the curtain at the other side. She glared upon the unfortunate little man,and, likethe ancient mariner, held him with her eye while she stalked round the bed, and confronted him, Then Snip saw that she brandished ill her hand a goose—not the domestic bird of that name, but the instrument which the little tailor was wont to wield manfully while exorcising his lawful calling. As she stood before him, he could not but infer, from the fact that she grasped the goose with an old stocking and held it carefully from her dress, that the goose was heated. At that thought he tinned his back and fled. But be had shut t'le d wron entering the ro< m, and as he was stayed for a moment ly it, he//that his inference was correct—the goose wan hot. Snip dashed wildly down stairs and made straight for the door. Alas 1 in his exultation but 11 few minutes before be httd locked and bolted it. hetflVi, strYrubi¥)',.caui.S close upon his ment of torture. With a yell, Snip dashed past her, and flinging up the window, sque&ed; himself through ; but not before receiving another fully convincing proof that the goose was heated. Clapping his hands on the singed parts of his person, he rushed down the village street, his shirt, the only article of clothing lie had on, with the exception of a nightcap with a large tassel at the top, streaming behind, and paused not in his wild career until he reached the Magpie; which he had so lately left. But the house was do ed, and even if it had not been, Snip could' not have shown himself in his then state of undress. He seated himself on a bench at the door of the inn, but started up again us quickly as ajack-in-a-box. The application of the hot goose had made the sitting posture decidedly uncomfortable. c In a wretched state of mind, he t wended his way to a little green duckd pond, and gazed mournfully at the water, shook his head sadly, and returned to his bench, but contented himself with looking at it this time. A cold breeze sprang up, and the tailor was airily clad ; he felt he must have some shelter, so he made his way to the stables. They were locked, and he was just about returning to the littlepond.when he saw a little covered wagon underashed behind the stables. He hastened towards this welcome shelter, and climbed into it; and when he found therein a bundle of hay, his happiness was extreme. He lay down cautiously, intending to keep awake and watch for the opening of the inn, when he would borrow some clothes from the landlord, and then make his way to America^ where he would never- see his dreadful wife or her goose again. Musing thus, be Jell fast asleep. At five in the morning the carrier, towhomthewagon belonged, harnessed" his horse thereto, .and "proceeded on his way, unconscious of the passeno-er sleeping under the tilt, and most probably would have remained so to the end of the journey, if Jie had not overtaken a buxojn young .country lass rudging cheerfully ott in the same irection. .'V Of course, with, as h'e thought, an mpty wagon, his sense of gallantry would not suti'er him to allow tho ,-outig lady to continue waikii.g. l c •<ng m Uruir «m<te lay t ^ettu-.V So ' P^-— "p. «.<? c'-vil.v toi A u A • The offer -was accepted, and _th» amsel essayed to mount the vehicle^ ut no sooner bad she reached the iron tep behind tlie -wagon than she espiea oor Snip in the enjoyment ol' hw bundle of hay. The girl remained poised on one oot upou the step, and uttei-ed a succession of shrieks. •-..-;/• The very first awoke Snip, and that unfortunate mised himself on his elbow in the greatest peiplcxity. He took off his nightcap and scratched his bead, staving all the while at bis discoverer; thcr, as the mists of sleep gradually -dispeised,--ho awoke4o4be full horror of his situation, and pulling his nightcap tight over his brow, lia made a desperate spring, bolted past the affrighted female, aud flew rather than ran in the direction which led to liis forsaken home. As he 11 eared the village, his strength became exhausted; and although he feared each moment to meet some one, he was obliged to moderate his pace. It was now about eight o'clock, and poor Snip knew that lie could not hope to reach any shelter tinseenT So he slackened his pace, but to his horror, saw coining towards him two women. His first impulse was to tly, but on. looking round he saw that would be impossible, the voad haying no outlet, 60 he crouched down under the hedge, pulled his short garment as far over rew his nightcap over his bead and face, and awaited the event. Wlien they drew near, one remarked to the other that there was something under the hedge; they both came to see -what it was, and Snip, fearful of discovery, started off .again at full speed. Being blinded and deafened by the cap drawn over his face, he was unaware of tho approach of the squire's cavriage, containing that gentleman, his wife, and sister, until it was close upon him, The squire looked out of the window and laughed immoderately. The ladiesindigiiantlydrew down the blind; but Snip, in liis half blind endeavours to get out of the way, ran to the other side, where lie presented a curious spectacle. The wind caught his shirt in a most unpleasant nrannor. He endeavoured to hold it with one hand and to release his head with the other, but did not succeed in effeoting either object. Half li-antic, he rushed fprward at his topmost speed, tearing at his hateful nightcap as he went, until at last ho succeeded in making a hole to accommodate one eye, and to enable him to see a troop of boys and girls 011 their way to rcboo). This crue was a crowning boys W h y of scb001 - As Snip neared them, they for a moment wore alarmed, thinking hiin either a ghost or a madman. But when they recognised him, what a shout, what a yell of delight, buret from each pair of lips. Snip l'elt that he could take pleasure in strangling them everyone. But he could not escape. The boys foraied themselves into lines on each side of tho way, and forced the tailor to ran tho gauntlet, pelting him pitilessly with stones and dirt. Making a last effort, be at length reached the village, and looked in vain ior a refugo, until he came to the cooper's yard, where two men were engaged in making or mending a large tub. Snip leaped past the astonished workmen into the tub, in such a omplicated, knotted mass, that the men could not extricate him without aking the vessel to pieces. This he besought them not to do, until they had taken him home; for home seemed very desirable now, although his dreadful wife was there! So the workmen entering into the fun rolled him off home, followed by a' yelling, shouting, whooping crowd of boys, and ragamuffins, and uncased hnn in his own kitchen. When he was released, he looked upon his wife more «n sorrow than in anger, for he felt that his dignity had irrqbaSvably suffered; stalked up- stairs, stiff and weary, and ms seen by no onejfbr* month. At the end of that time he resumed his needle, but never by any chance went outside the door by daylight and entertained a decided antipathy to the Magpie, and all that reminded hnn of it. He w as never known ta enter any person's hcuae but hi» own^ and remamea Very meek and bumbl* all his life. JK • 