AMERICAN XlifS. ' '?» I ? m. ? '. ' 'rno^ cor ows corr£spo5»Ht,1 .Nzm Yof.k, 2'2od Juotn; { The Preiideotial election, or ntbMr.tst tiUttt i to elect a President, ii still the all-abiorimjujj,. throughout the country, and eicitiifM ktn 1 been the other incident* of the past mtafeth, A question as to wbich of the two rival cudi&taia; i to^ield the destinies of the United States fafe '; next four years has never onco ceased to occap)tt« attentfon of tlio people. A Urge majority hi* tlwajS uiiintaiucd thai tho dupato w6nIJ',\i V satUeJ poMealily ; tlta^piiM of gold, wsttek In* -i steadily lalleoeversiico the eommencem«t - , December, the high price of American ?ecuritfai, } both ait borne and abioad, all point to tk« ( same conclusion. But a . large ', mioorily appeared to dread tbat the violence of thtil leaders would precipitate a crisis, and thit'tha ^^ mistaken loyalty of the people to.tkeir i»rtj would bring abonta- conflict which iriight awnm* r dimensions as large us the war of secession. . It is gratifying to be able to utate tbat all attempt* to inflame tbe popular mind bave so far igno* miniouily failed. But there bos been no lack of such attonipts. The more extremo Democratia papers, especially those published south of Mason and Dixie's line, preach tbe sacred duty of resistance if Hayes he inaugurated ; the investi- - gating committees of tbe Seoate and House of Representatives, actuated by tbe zeal of. partisans, and forgetting that thoy were judges, havo ob tained just the Fort of evidence wbich they de sired in order to fortify their foregone conclu sions,' and have returned to Washington without bavins elicited a single. ' now fact itt Louisiana and ' Florida. The extreme- Re publicans' continue to insist that the Vice-president of the Senate U the master of tbe situation, and that he has no power to do more than declare tbat. Mr. Hayes,' having 185 votes, ia thereby elected. Extreme Democrats rirgs llint.'in the evunt of n, dispute, .the -House can ,to- »*,il'.).U.»-eB,i»t-4 tUt.it* AolUknqita. jpt£» rlivities would compel it to voio for Tiliiin. ? floe most violent havo gono'so far as to n.rgp; that i£ llajcs. lie ioaugiirated at Washington, Tilden^ mn«f. ho inaogu rated- nt .New Yoik, and ,tho- system: 6f iloublo'so'crnment- already '?introduced' into' South CAtolin'a' and Louismnn should* ha e\'te,nJeil .to' tbe ' national . capital; But. I ilo.not' think ,,tbeio '. extreme views lind many synipath'Uori. ? - Tho serie3 of;, mass ' meetings wbicii were tahavo bee« hold throughout the Onion on Sth January have' been ignoininiotis.nWcns, which the proposal that 100,000 mcu should march in Washington, and ovcrnwotheSenato has met with but few lyui pathiaors,' and has boon especially frowned upon by Mr. TilJen himself. ? ? ' The joint committee of the tm- Hoiira 'to which lias been deputed tbe task of endeavoring to make a conipromisa has brought up a report which provides that all disputed returns should he' handed o*or to a body composed of five senators, five morobors of the Senate and five judgesof theSuprenioCourtof the United States. Republicans and PetuociatsnTQ to bacqnaUyTepie sontdl among the political members uf tbe new' tiiliunnl, and supposing— of which there is little iloula-tb.it each politician will see through tho political spectacles of his party, tho result will be to hand the decision over to tbo five judges, who are to tisivn full powers, both as regards the law and the facts, to detcrniino whctber'or not they, can go behind the decision of tlie returning hoards which have given Louisiana and Florida Iu Hayes, utid whether tbo Democratic electors- from Oregon wme properly elected, and therefore bad any right to voto. It is generally thought oither that tho tribunal will give-' Floriihi to Tihleii, an$ tljus scttlt- thodiHicult.v, orolsetliutthodispntcd States, will lie. struck out altogether,. in .which c»ae neither raudiilnle would huvo a majority, and lliu House of llopresentatitcs would prnnijed to fleet a preaiilout and Ihe Senate a vice-president, a result which, would give the one ntlico Iu Mr. Tilden and tho other to Mr. Wheeler. That the Republican party should assent to a plan which seems likely toiloprive them of ^ victory tu which, under the loiter of tlio law fhuy nro entitled, is a tribute to' their patriotism. JJut ihoy, or at any t»to R larRe/nection, feul that .. in tho present state o( the country nnytbini;' is hettcr Ihau lh» iuuiiKiirHtion pf-n pre^iilont .-iLoul. whci'O title to the nllice there exists any iluiiLt, -iiid tho prohabilitien are that the Coiuproiiniiu Uill will ? pass both ' Housen, and reccivu thu i'je-idonts assent vtitbin n few days. , . , . Por thuio is no doubt thnt lie country i* in the uiidst of a crisis which .is testing to the utter moat the solidity, of its- institutions. South Carolina no longer enjoys the unenviable romli Lion of tio)D(? tbo only State which had u ilotihlo govern Aut. - Louisinria liks1follnweil.'ilt^'oxa.iup)e- Til* returning. BDkriU -wbiclr. is ,tlie- p ropot'ljr.'anrt legally^' fnrtUansl» authoHty.Ttwcio; Hi*H«H»'iP Republican executive and a utriutilicttii Legisla ture. The Repuhlican governor, Mr. Puckard. was inaunumted, and oummcnccil to cxerciMi tho fuctionso'f chief uiiigistrute.'thelegis'ftturinuioting in the cipitol ; thu Uuinocratiu' nieiubcrs sut up a legislature of their own, which declared that their candidate, Mr. Nichoils, wus'entitlad to the iTovornonbip, aad proceeded to iuaugmate hir, Tha de facto and 'Jejuve governor hail tho ratlin' uf tlm courts of la», the polic. the .Slate inilili.-. ani^ tin TrenBiiry. lliit ihe Doimcrats wer« not Mi'iaiii of tho odds. TheDemocihiiu LenWutiireap piintps ju.tKe»uiiJ ulber oflicials fioin tho .rank's or' their own patu, levied taxes, and with tho aid of tho numerous secret sncietien which nr« the curse of 1/Jinsiiiua ?« of the older Southern States, obtained possession of the ca^iinl, and 'made the lawfully appointd Governor it fnvunur in hit own bouse. The United Sttctos h.-iti- not iiiturfcred ; und althnngh the }'fesidcnt iita ilir«cted the oflicer in command to Tecogni^is (Jo v'ernor Packard, if it ho absolutely. neOMsury to reuoguise either Ijovernor, it is quite clear that tbe WashingtoiiHUthoritici are di:-iroua of keep 'iiig entirely out of thoqurrul, if byany possibi lity they can doao, eruu if Lini-iianH ilriPt iiito nnHrcby. Personal experience, and obsorvntioii withiu the hut mouth has convinced mo of tbo truth of the-stateuienu rmulo by tho Northern Republicans, that the .South, from Virgiuia tu Texas, iaiu a condition of veiled rehollion. The white population are determined' to' reduce the negroes to a condition very little better than that which the?1 formerly oecupibd. Tho law confers upon them tho right of sufTrago, but the whites are deterninod that they shall hot exerciso that right unless they vote its their masters bid them. Everything like equality between the two races is laughed at with scorn throughout tbe South; and Ibe most ignorant white loafor, too lazy tn work, hut-sot too proud to steal, Units the best edu cated ami the most industrious negro jnst as a Norman baron would have behaved to any ua fortunatw Jew banker whom he might luve g6t intohiB clutches. The insolence wicli wbich lh» colored races are treated in lone Southern .Slates, thfl brutality which they enconmer in others, hre enough to make onus blood boil. Tiint Ooi created of one flesh, aad iu bis own iiuugp, tha whole human race meets with 'very little practi cal belief in tbe Solid South, ' lint Although in a state of vcilnd rehallion, the Santhern landers have no intention whatover of imiratini; tbo mis take into which they foil in 181)1. They know very well tbnt anything like sei.-oa.sion would, array the North-agaiast them'; anil their policy ii therefore iffabRfui) from aiigbt wbich wn'nld bring' them into contact with tho Feiloiul liiuhoritif*. To all cBtreMtifH that they should cake apromi nunt purt in deploys of pbysiml force, with th«. view, oi over.iwmg tie Republicans; tl--i .Soutbarners have retorted that 4ir. Tildan.is th|. pet of tlie Knrtbern Deiuocrutsy whomunt d«- whatever ia requirrd to in: done ; and: the; have niide. merry nt the expensa of persons who lire invincible in peace and invisible iu war. .'Thi, Snutb hopes to uiakti the Northern Damocratspul tUcbesmitsout of the lire, aud i» contant ti allow their Northern brethren to adminuWt tit .' atliiirs at Washington if only it can havo uuprctn. control 9Ver the .Stain legislittnre. All tbat tha Southern white irquireg from Wuabiugton is thai it will lei him ' liulldoza ' aiid bully,, haog. shoot or threaten the unfortunate negro without any i»urfer«nce. It. uiuy wiill hu douht&l; whether the. Southern negroes, us a jaco. hn\i g.iiu&d; much b) emancipation. A t'uw uf theni have arisen tu ? positions of eminence; Beverul hundreds to pasts of, xespcctal^ilify, a considerable, nninbqr of tbo younger members of -the race have eujoyed tho blcisulgs of a rudi. nwutury education. Bi\t the only, liberty which ruillions of tbe, negroes now enjoy is liberty tii starve ; . the caulemptnoua iiuiilU'renci) witli which they were formerly regarded has bean sac cc«)b,1 by positivu aversion. Thu North huHhut half done its work. It ha» passni who hiira foe the henetitof )hu ne^ro rucu, but il has (mt takuu nrecaulions: to so« tbnl. luey uie vigumusly ami boncatly. Hdniiniatured, , . Tlis darkest, hour of night is just pef^o the duwn, qiiU tthe narrow uud dungerous -pHfi^ago over which lbs great Republic. is now passiuic is Imt tho portal to fairer and moro sunny pathways. The presidential niuddla will lend to a I«ks complicated nnd more sutia factory muthod of electiBg u i.rtRivlent, alul tho great probability is thut thn eleclorul college will b« abolished, and that * the fjerioil fur which u. president hplda ollice will be oiipinicj, sirici; it is not tbought wiKe that this, country should bo sbakentoiUfounilations'ovory four years. Tha corrupUan in Lign places, tlio virulence of tho professional politicians, hungry for placu, ]atrou ,.age and pluudvr will prqbably result iu ' thn ap pointment of a poruLiin'ia civil service appointed ok' in Khgtnnd, by competitive cxaminalion, mill tb'e attempts n£ the hiouthoriicrs to regain their 'lost empire over their colored servitor* bus only tq,b,e.ren!iBeJ fcv the Kortlij anil tho Wi»t to I.' promptly put. down.'. ' V. have ,nii tent but, ihut Aliicripa will frnri the nettle iluuger pliiuU tha flower safety, although, the elfou may pruvo datigerotisand e^pensivi'.. ',; '', .' Tbe weather (luring tbe past month, hai; been entrviuuly suTerc.iiuil there has beeli j;ri:»l loss io£ ? life fcfliii shipwreck unoh'the-'Allnntic coa«t. The rlioat t«nilile ca^istroiihohjva heenaraii»uj ucci ilent, ocenrriug ou thn laku Shore Line, at Aphtti b'nla-Creek, near.CUve!»iid,'uli(o, on tht 29ih Pe'cewleir, wbich Vtitei^bty pertons their' liven, and'iiaiuriouslf 'ifijoreil Beatly (U many ' oiiire. The1 nigbt'iai intensely. cbW, iiiiJ ,'ibe p«roian«nt way so blocked with' snow thkiiwo Uigonj.)r,ivcs iiad tub* employed. - The_.erc«kf ttuj vid jevift t.y ; ?:V- '?'-'r ?'?;'?''¥'? ; ; ,'?';- .^l-.'JB«.'f..r.2s?);i.';,-_. %L on iron tn'sihtidgs, very similar inqxternalap ' j-i:sr,uicc aoJ Rtou* as lomijiitthat by which the 'forth-east''* E-U~»y pane* over the Goul i burn. I'll* tiain win slotting iu order to, iioii at the station, which, was only a coupte ef hundred yards beyond tho bridge. : Saddeilr, and without a word of warning, it : -fxre av. The leatUnc locoipotivo was already 1 over : the rest of ,tho train .was precipitated into. ' I t!i(-a.K/ss)-elow,' Carriages, locomotives, linnitin ! heuiH, bagjp-ge, lirokou wood nod iron wero ; riixrrf up in indescribable confusion. Some ' jivr wrctfiiies -sere drowned in the ;^watc*- olfcrs killed by the fall, Eome, it is feared, ; ^ vaa burnt, for tho stores in tlio. carriages caught . '[,f\ and an additional horror was added. Alany j rf tho passengers oseaped, ; others were rescued j fv tho survivors, but it is:lnjown that,' including j fmplopcs, there ~oro 150 persons in tho train, j (mil, of that number only fsoventy wero i savou, soverali,. ot . whonij, havo .sinco diod ' fioin their injuries. Investigations havo been I hold into the1 cause 'of tho disaster. The 1 *; coroner 'has sat 'in tho usual way, : and ? more \- _ scientific inquiries havo been: instituted by tbo ' ' railway company and by .the Government of tho State of Ohio. ? But the exact cause of the catas trophe hns not bebn^disepvered. It is of courso conjectured thai there Wn» a weak cilice some where in the bridga-^-whicb;' however, had stood for olovon - jcgrsti-und th»t the extremely low '* 'Vtcmpomturo on tha night of.tho accident bad, by contracting tbo, iron, , increased its weakness. But all is conjecture, and the only lesson taught by tho Ashtnb'uia disaster is that new bridges a'lould bo more frequently inspected than is the case iu America,, where:. passengers aro pretty much at the mercy of ,tbo great railway, cum panics. ? .',?? ? - ? .'. ?-. ? -,. ' : Commodore' VandeTbilt,', who,, to paraphrase Charles Dickens, may, 'fairly lay claim to'bolhe most remarkable Jri'an in the country, died on 4th January. FoiMnontbs pnst, the old gentleman has been upon what wa3 known to bo his death led, . but .;, the extraordinary strength of his constitution, and careful nursing, enabled to liVe/ -^riincb. longer ? than' bis physi-' '.ions expected.' For- months past the symp. .'oms of ?Vanderbilt wero bulletined by the daily sress like those of a monarch or- a prime minis erc and. the fact of lib approaching dissolution '?as 'universally known ' throughout America. 'Jomm'odbTe' VdUderb'ilt, who was in every respect n selfcmade ' rnab, .died- worth- nbout twenty millions sterling. Some years ago he endowed the- University of Nashville, Tennessee, at a cost of ? ;C200,OOP, . and he has since presented to tho clergyman under whom lio ant, the church in which ho worshipped; : But with tho exception of a few legacies, the gTeat wealth acquired by the 'commodore has been kept in his family. Cornelius Vanderbilt was born at Staten Island, aear Mew York, in May, 1794, and was, therefore, in bis eighty- third year at tho timo of his death. His father was n small farmer, and the first occu pation which tho young man followed was that of convoying by water, the produce of tho pater nal farm to the New York markets. As Vuuder bilt grew older he became nn expert boatman, and almost the first money that he over possessed ?was Rained for carrying provisions to the forts in New York' harbor, which, during the war of 1S12, were beleaguered by the liritisk floet. Yaniiorbilt was one of the first men in America to foresee the extent to which tho' dis covery of ^Vatt and Fulton would revolu tionise maritime affairs, and early in the century be commanded a 'steamer which plied from New York to .New Brunswick in New Jersey, filling up histiino nnd adding to his in como by keeping an liotdl, at which many of the steamboat passongbrs passed the night after they Lad left tho vessel. From these humble begin nings Vnnderbilt gradually acquired boats of Jiib own. At the ago of thirty-live,' having become worth about £0000, lie hui'lthislirst steamer, the Caroline. -In a few years ho had thirty-eight. In 1850 he opened up it traffic across tlio Isthmus of Panama, by which' he made vast sums of money, and in 1S02 be presented to the United States Government his private ynolit, the Vauder bilt, which had coat him £160,000. Gradually the Commodoro dropped Bteamers and went into railways, and ' Required . large interests in several important lines. Itis by his railroad man agements, and by his operations in Wall-street, that tho old gentleman .was best known ; not .as ((peculator or jobber-riYandorbilt would not allow either the bulls or tbo bears to feed upon the lines in which ho — ili interested, and any person who ventured to ' sell short' or play other tricks in Harlem or Now York Central was protty sure to bite his 'fingers. Commodore Yandorbift was likewise a large holder of street railways, and some of tho more important and profitable linos in New 'York are his private pto perty. Ousido his business, tho two greafpassiong of Commodore Vanderbilt -ere whist and trot ting horses, 'and many good stories are told in connection with both of those hobbies. '''Without being either a tender-hearted or a charitable man, Commodore Vanderbilt has done a great deal of good both to' his cbuntry and to his generation. Ho was not a mere ' money grubber, but a man of Drains and enterprise.*' Everything ?which he touched was well' managed, and rail way travellers have reason! to; bless the day that the eld commodoro left the sea and wont into locomotives. '.During his last illness tlio Vahder b.ilt delveloped a/ considerable taste for religious literature, ' and became' ^especially fond , of Bunyan's Pilgrim's Progress) The greater por tion of the property passed into tlio'hanjjs of his eldest sop. . . * ' ...*.*.. A' - . Duels, .although onfrequentin America, are so much' more common there than elsewhere that tno excitement caused by an encounter in tho field of honor within the past fow'days seems a little remarkable. But the position of one of tho parties was exceptional.,, James Gordon Bennett, the proprietor of tho Nao l'ork Herald, is one of the best known men in America, Pos sessed of great' wealth and considerable abilities, Mr. Bennett, jun,, would have managod to live down the evil reputation which he had in herited, along with better things, from his father, and occupy a very, honorable position, were it not for bis' occasional' indulgence in drink, upon which' occasions he' behaves like a ruffian of the lowest ' and most degraded type. Mr. Bennett ,is, ' howover, popular amongst his associates, and he has found heaps of young ladies willing to share his for tunes. There is scarcely a ball-room hack in New York, scarcely a young lady who aspires, to Tjo thought a belle, with whom James Gordon Bennetts name has not been, some time or another, coupled. Upon six several occasions he has been engaged, one of his fiancd: being no less a person than Viscountess Mandeville, the future Ducness of Manchester. Some months ago Bennett became tho accepted lover of Miss May, the daughter of a physician, who, having made some money in Washington, commenced practice in New. York. It does not appear that, the malo members of the family were at all enamored of the engagement, but the' mamma allowed her admiration for Mr. Bennett's wealth to blind her to his many defects of character. The newspapers contained, from time to time, glowing accounts of Miss May's beauty, of tho value of the presents Mr. Bennett made her, and young female America was driven almost out of its wits by accounts of the troueseau. At last the wedding: day was fixed, and the bride, as is the custom in this country, arrayed, in her regi mentals, stood in her fathor's drawingroom await ing the bridegroom. But he cometh not, and she B-weary, weary wished that she were dead. Next morning tho lover called, apologised, nod was for given. Another day was fixed. This time Bennett aid come,- but he had sacrificed so heavily to Bacchus -that he was in ne condition to go 'through the ceremony, and upon being: gently re monstrated with ho behaved in a manner that would have -been considered brutal jn a drunken costonnonger. The patience of thn Mays was exhausted, and .one of the brothers powhided Mr. Bennett on the following morning putside the Union Club. A duel followed on thi confines of the States of Delaware and Maryland, Bennett being the challenger,- but neither party was hit, much to the disappointment of . the American public, which has had its; curiosity excited, and would havo been better content if pne or both parties had bitten the dust. Mean trhile,! Bennett has gone to hide his mortification in Europe, and May is keeping out of the way of the New York police. ; ?: i- i; ?' I The ghost of the .Bsechor scandal ia virtually Jaidi Moulton nnd Tilton having . abandoned all Lurther proceedings ; and Mr. Beocber is preooh ingnway at Plymouth Church withunabatedpopu larity. ? The prices realised at the ? recent' annual palo of esats, however, shows that tho receipts aro not as good as during former years, and in order to . keep- up his income Beecbor, like ffil ton, Victoria Woodhull and other notabilities, is compelleito utilise his notorietyby travelling from city to city as a lecturer on the nights jwhen he has no clerical engagement at Brooklyn, pn the platform Mr. Beecher, not only_ because ot his abilities, but for his reputation, is a sure draw, and bis purse, depleted by law suits, is being - rapidly replenished. A' convention of ?women who aro desirous of obtaining the suf frage has been sitting, at Washington, and inter viewing various senators and ?- representatives. It was thought that as the claims of women to the auifrago formed part of the Eepnblican platform, that the jiroient was afavorabfe oppor (unity for engineering tho cause through Congress. But the ladies have met with little or no support, for the present excited' state of the public mind is not favorable for the discussion of abstract principles. Some of the best speakers connected rwitb the movement have addressed public meet ings nt Washington, ,nhd; they have certainly shown strong reasons why women should bo kllowed to become clergymen and lawyers, although they have not been bo successful in establishing their light to tho franchise. ? ! Washington has been unusually gaythis season. iNero fiddled when Borne1 was burning; Par* was brilliant during theTeign of terror;' and ill natured people say that the cororaanderof the .forces gave some rery elegant although : Barne cide banquets during'the siege of Lucknow. -And po the present' crisis is taken advantage of by persons who want to' obtain a' reputation 'as leaders of society, and balhi, or Qermana; Mtney nre termed' here, dinner parties 'and; receptions nfo upon a ' scale of exceptional splendor. The grand particular lion of American society at the. present moment' is' the',' Russian Grand Duko Alexis; who is here with the Jttussian fleet,' which, irj'tho view of certaiB,'cdnting6hcies/.has_apDght tho friendly shelterof the' American waters.- ; E,Tho Pacific Moil Company. are making some chaa'gos in'; the 'route their ' steamers. .take be tWeen San Francisco aiid. Sydney^,', Their yessehi will henceforth sail from' Honolulu to Auckland, and from Auckland', to; Sydney, .the Fiji Islands bbin'B'Jeffdut m;the 'cold, altogether. , The change will be a' considerabJebobri*to'thB New Zealandpossebgers, -J hmmMthel w? VnS between'Sydney and,|FflB-c sifp, ;by abont 700 mil* 'aW wilLnecessiSto/a/Bimilar detour ?ami 'the ' yictori«iV,;V passengers urUess S' means are 'ttfken 'tor; establishing ] ? 'Tclirert , Jin* between Mdbsurna and , AucKlind. The Facifia Mntt b&ta; undeit»ke.n to run their stcamon at an Increased rate of speed, so that the timo otOOpIed by the pasiage will not bs Itaf theocd ; and I »tn convinced that tboy entctUin so high an opinion of tho valno ot their . Australian branch that every effort will be made to carry but their promise. The natural progress of event! will probably materially lessen the time (Kcnpicdin the passage between Australia and Now York. Col. Scott, tho president , ot tho Pennsylvania Railway, ono' of the best or ganised and inanogod1 companies in the' United Slates, has a schemo before Congress for constructing a lino to Sin Diego, a point about 800 miles south of San Francisco. Should tho bill pass, and the lino ho made, tho distanco betwoen Sydney and New York will be reduced by about COO miles. But lon-jbuforo that rail way can bo opened tho runnihg timo bctwoon &iu;, Francisco and New York win 'be reduced froiu' seven and a half days, as at present, to about five. Altogether tbo prospects of the Europoan mails, or at Inast a portion of them, being car ried from Melbourne , to London by, way of America are brighter timo thoy havo been at any prt-vions period since the project was first mooted. . _ ' ' * . '' :,. A determined effort will probably l-o mado in Congress so soon as the Prosidential difficulty is settled, to obtain a reduction upon the present import duties upon Australian wool. The mahu-' f&ctueta; of New England and Pennsylvania kTe warmly in favor of the proposition, nnd the only: opponents are to be found amongst the repre sentatives of Ohio, Indiana and the Pacific Slope, who believo that in tbo course of time the sheep farmers of thosa states will bo able to rival; those iof Australia in the- production of fine, wool.' It is in rain to point out to them that an attempt to -violate the immutable (ieciecs of nature mnnt necessarily fail,' and that seeking to roprodocb in this severe' climate tho results obtained in temperate and sub- tropical Australia is as ridiculous ni a proposal to supply the people of Europe with tea and sugar grown in hot houses. The bucolic interest in America,. like tho bucolic interest everywhere else, is selfish, sheepish and sbort-sightea, Rni the concession to American wool manufacturers and Australian, wool-growers, if made at all, will only, be after a sharp and severe contest. . Some of the unemployed and dissatisfied arti sans and laborers of America aro being invited to emigrate to New South Wele\ and a ship load is toaail frdm New York to Sydney in the course, ot a few days. The emigrant* are to pay £8 each towards their passage, the balanco being defrayed by the Government. Full information about the rates of wages in Sydney havo been pubjishitdla some of . the New York papers, but -no at tempt has been made to show the advantages to a working man which Australia possesses over America, advantages which arise, not so much from the rate of remuneration, in the two countries, for wages are almost as high in New York as in Sydney or Melbourne, but from the lester coat of living, and from the milder climate, which enables persons to do with out many articles which are ? indispensable in a country so cold as the northern portion of the United States, and thus allow out-door laborers and mechanic* to work all the year instead of compelling them to enforced idleness during tho four or five months of/rost and snow. . The glories of tho Centennial are over; tho last packages have been removed, and tho Aus tralian officials have either left the country or will take their departure in the course of a few days. Of the Victorian contributions to the Can* tennial,.a portion have been sold, a portion are being returned to Melbourne, and n portion forwarded to tho Agent-Ggnoral at London. The protective policy of the United States, while ex tremely beneficial to tho local manufacturers, makes etcry description of imported. merchandise almost valueless, and, tho net sums realised by the sale of the Victorian leather, tweeds! rope and paper has not bfeen very large. 