A Doubtful blessings We are not at all easy in our minds with regard to that newly introduced and much-extolled plant the Prickly Comfrey. We don't hanker for it in our garden just yet. It is all very well in its place, and that, at present, is Mr. Jligby'g window. We have not forgotten the marvellous fertility of the soil of Queensland, which has enabled one zealous acclimatise to live long enough to reap the reward of his efforts in the cause of agricultural manufactures at the hands of a grateful public. We refer to the introduc- tion of the graceful wide rottiBa. Time was when the rare and eagerly-sought-for plants of this yollow-llowered textile shrub were sold and great favor at sixpence each. But that was a long time ago. We have lived a few years since those confiding days. We are now sadder, less unstin picious, and wiser. We don't want plants which partake of the nature of the polypus and of the mother-in-law, in their reproductive and clinging proclivities. We like to see our plants die off at the proper season. If they don't, clearly it is time to smell treason. The farmers were to make their fortunes out of this wonderful fibre. True, there was no machinery invented by which the fibre could be manufactured, neither was the public informed how it was to be got up, when ripe, seeing that its roots grow right through the world and are clinched at the antipodes. But these were trifling considerations, unworthy of great minds. There was the plant. It was extraordinarily productive j it was very easy to grow; it took very kindly to the soil, and possessed a thousand and one other virtues. Ghost of great -Cincinnatus I how exceedingly kindly it took to the Boil! It was be very easy to grow, that as soon as it was fairly rooted in one paddock the country for forty miles round become overspread with it; and at the present day, twelve years since the patriot spirit of the accli- matist introduced it, it has covered six hundred thousand square miles of country. It promises to cover all Queensland, as the only garden it has not entered is that of the introducer. Many implement manufacturers have turned out machines which were supposed to be of use in eradicating the nuisance, but they were useless. It remained for the acclimatise, who may be styled one of the Hookings," to invent a machine which should destroy his own creation. Little did we imagine whilst we were singing, in slight parody on Keats, Oil that the side retusa Could shut, and be a bud again. Little did we think, when brooding over this worse than deadly night shirt," as Tom Hood calls it, that the propagator of this vile weed had a fell purpose in view. He had read Mark Twain's " Gilded Age," and had determined to emulate Colonel Sellers and his eye-water. Start- ing by over-running the colony with a fast-moving and uneradicatible plant, he shrewdly con- cludes that agriculturists will pay anything to get rid of it. Hence as soon as he finds the monster of his creation firmly established, and the whole colonial world groaning and travelling on its account, he invents a machine for its extraction, and not only invents but exhibits it as a triumph of genius. Thus far for side retusa. And now we are threatened with another wonder in the shape of the Prickly Comfrey, the PLC. We should prefer a visit from it, P.P.C., till we know whether or not it takes kindly to the soil, grows easily, is very prolific, whether it has bulbous roots like? well, Bay nut grass and other blessings of a like nature. Meanwhile we would suggest trials being made of its peculiar propensities in a bomb-proof building, as nothing short of this will ever prevent the spread of side, marsupials, and eke the Prickly Coiafrey,?"Specialities," in the Queens- lander. 