NEWS AND NOTES. The following accounts are ready for payment «t Mr Robertson's office :—M. Morris, S. M. Poole, A. Dorsa, T. Lilhe, E. W. Brown, Gordon, G. M'Arthur, and Maldon Shire fencing account. ' it will be-interesting to the many friends of Dr O'Neill to hear that on Monday last he took iiis departure from" jialdon en route for the Land o'Cakes to enjoy a well .earned holiday and make notes of the advance made, in the higher branches of his profession. The'doctor lias not been a demonstrative character during his long sojourn 1-ere, yet his absence will be tnissed by many who bad coutiuued confidence in his ability and humanity. We heartily wish him .a pleasant trip. , The usual notice respecting ^he issue of summonses for the nest County Court to be held «n the 1st of August, appears in our leading column. Our advertising columns iotify that Mr. Chisholm intends runnings coach to the ploughing match at Banngfapp this day. An evening of sacred sdg is to be given by Mr. W. R. Hiddlestonytbe pastor of the Brunswick Baptist Churc* to-morrow evening in the Presbyterian phurch, which has been kinjly lent for tie occasion. The following notice appewd in The Hobcirt 2'onm Tribune -—" MriHiddlestone, for the space of one hour ad a quarter, never ceased to impress una his bearers the necessity that all sboui come to Ckridt and be saved, intersperig short addresses bristling with narratle, with appropriate hymns which he sangi a clear and pleasing voice to his own alompaniment upon a cabinet organ. Thefctyle adopted is very like that of the sinefe-pilgrim who visited us. some time a°o,tiie only distinction between both genjimeh that we could discover being ihatMr. Hiddlestone never loses the thread ofjs subject when lie substitutes singing fort'eacbingand vies versa The hymns whic he used had simple choruses to them, wvhich the large congregation jjined hearff." A large attendance ought to be 8ecurejeeing there is no charge tor admission. j collection only to be taken, and that ir id of Mr. Hiddlestone's course ol erection.— new chapel, now (Communicated). The Maldon nateur Dramatic Club p« erformed at tl Mechanics' Institute, .Vewstead, on Mtlay Mil night, the occasion being tlie annive^ry of the opening of the Juvenile Good Tnilars Lodge. The party consisted ot Mjlames Seedsman, senr., Seedsman, junr.M Grenfell, and Messrp. May (manager),labb, Griham, I'omlinsoD, Stevenson, senj Stevenson, junr., and Seedsman. Tiie>erformance, wSich consisted ot " HomSweet Hotne, or the Last Loaf," and the jghable drama of "Seeing the Elephant,'Vas exceedingly well got through, and emed to give unanimous satisfaction, ml particularly the elephant business. A lae number of Newsteaditss witnessed the erformance, and seemed to enjov the whoBff&ir; from beginning to end. It is, boweve/very probable, thai before long this coiany will appear in other parts ot thepstrict, where it is almost certain that spess awaits them. So much for Maldou tape. A reader j the turkey case in our last has forwardejtha following as a useful hint: " Thtl who are troubled with neighbours jo keep fonts should follow the°examplfft a Yankee statesman who was very nth annoyed at the havoc his next door Ighbour's poultry committed in his gardi He put some old hats and bar under 1 steps and in tbe siable, and when the |vls came to scratch they remained top- He has had all the fresh eggs he wfed this summer, and has eren sold Bome (Lars'worth to the owner of the hens. j There iiery little that is new to report in miningoiutters, and the amount of crushing Tlterial in hand at the public works isliinited. There were a tew washings if at tbe Phoenix, viz :—Victoria Reef. 24 jns for 5oz lOdwt; Frying Pan Reef, 12 |is Tor 2oz lOdwt; Welshman's Reef, 5 to for IGdwt of Kold. At tbe same worl thty have in hand stone from Charcoal i., Uymru Co., German Reef, Royal Sudani, Manner Sutton, and Welcome <ims The several claims on Mr Oswald's lasejParkins' Reef, are on good prospects, id i series ot crushings will occur short. Vhe pumps are going at tbe North Bri h, »nd tlie water may be expected out onn!—At the Union Company the manag is still engaged timbering the deep shaft d making good progress.—The Grand Jut ion Co. bave let a contract for driving a iss-cut west to cut tbe golden spurs dipp j fr«m Chappie's tribute claim. —-The Ko 1 E^glehawk Limited will start, a crushing sarh from the old Espcrance ground.-—] Po3ard, North Maldon Works, has crasbi s ii hand from Charcoal Co, Nuggetty jef, [linscott's, 4c The hist y of :he great art of testimonializing woul not tubt, be extremely interesting as a :udy of human motives and emo'ions : an ccurate analysis of the various pi noini ta of the art could be obtained. IVe dppair, however, ot arriving at so ha}: y a iossession. The series of examples [retells our, like the ghosts in Macbeth, mly, iappily, they are not so tragical i their) relations. They partake rather ot It ;s subl ne qualities. We cannot pretend to give 1 exhaustive enumeration of the varieties, i' tbe seasonable, the nn- seasonablel tbe habby, the superb, the merited, the ui lerited, the absurd, the ludicrous, the h lest, tbe fraudulent, only serve as generic lads divisible into infinite varities. So it w uld be too arduous a task to essay the pre; ration of anything like a descriptive catili rue, and we leave tbe work to those Wl i have more leisure and a profounder ku>« edge of tbe mysteries. Thus spake ouijci (temporary, the Ballarat Star, a short tin since, and we now refer to the remarksb reason of two presentations being on le board at the present time. ~ Oii Satudy we were shown a very substantial" ant well- finished volume of " Chambers' ItAttnatioo,' 1 on the fly-leaf ot which was written;—" Presented to Mr. W. Cabena, by a fetr« iiis Presbyterian friends, as a slight mark ( their appieciation of the valuable services I rendered to their church in so ably cdndut ng the psalmody of the congregation di ng his residence on Maldon.—-May, ; 77." There is an old saying—'tis bettc to be born lucky tjian rich—and if Mr, i ibena was not born witb "a iilver spoon, j: had its equivalent by being born Jucky. He was but a sojourner of very limited p iod on Maldon, and biB "valuable servic " not known to - the general public, i; The friends octl s undermentioned young Maldonian will {hi pleased ui . hear of iiis farther " improjaaprospeets." At the last, 'meeting bf die Jbovan Shire Council, it was resolved that Miiifed-constable -Cox be appointed to viqit hUses in the district where any sickness |Was| tand see the doctors instructions canriednut,aud be remunerated at the rate of £&Q; p|r annum. Weat/r permitting it will be a grand dav for Badghup to day the occasion of the Plough/g Match ot the Baringhup and MaldoqAgricul'-ural Society. The ground endid condition for work, and the prelim^aries are well defined and arranged so as v gi*e satisfaction to competitors and visitor/alike. The entries for each class promifs'to be numerous, and wo hear of at leat a dozen lads who are going in bigjicks"-fbr Mr JEllis's trophy. There will fe not a few " cracks" from the outside worU, including Mahoney of Shepparton, and/Crighton of Melbuurne. The local chappion, Holding, will have to look to his laujels on this occasion. The match ground the back of the Loddon Hotels the head quarters of many bygone carnivals. The catering tor the day has been entrusted to Mm Lawrence, and we need nut mention that th/ wants of all will be attentively cared for. j The thirteenth anniversary of the Harkerstreei Bible Christian Sabbath School was celebrated on Sunday and Monday last. On Sunday two sermons were preached by the Rev. J. Chenhall, morning at eleven, and evening at half-past six o'clock to large congregations. The afternoon service was reserved for tbe children, and a number of recitations and addresses were given by them, interspersed with singing. Tue church, on all occasions, was crowded, uud those wjo came late were unable to obtai i seats ; in fact, a great number were obliged to go away again, there heing not even standing room. On Monday afternoon at four o'clock tbe children had their annual treat, and appeared to thoroughly enjuy themselves, in the evening at six o'clock a public te& was htdd in the church, when a large number sat down and partook of the good things pruvided. At:er tea a public meeting was held in the church, which was crowded to excess, in fact, even before the tables were cleared away the people came rushing in, so much so, that tbe persons clearing the tables had great difficulty in doing their work. However, alter some time <bey managed to set things in order, and after tbiugs were set right it did not take more than five minutes before tbe church was crowded in every corner. At about hall-past seven tbe meeting commenced when a large number of recitations were given by the children which seeined to please the audience well. The Rev. J league, (Castlemaine) J Cnenbull, Messrs Davies, (Woodstock) andGuvmer, (Walmer) delivered short addresses during the evening. The following are the names of the ladies who presided at the tea tables :— Mesdames Tamlyn, Watts, Ridd, and Misses 1'amlyn and Dunn. Alter a very enjoyable evening beiug spent tbe meeting was brought to a close at about a quarter to eleven. After which tbe friends from the suburbs sat down to supper, and afterwards started for home. The committee of the Kyneton Agricultural Society have arrived at the conclusion that it is not desirable io expeud any more of their funds in providiug prizes tor the half dozen professional phiughmen who make a regular business ot travelling through the country tor about three months of each year, visiting each ploughing match in succession, and departing with the leading prizes. There was a great deal of discussion over the advisability ot a having a ploughing match at all this year, many of the members being of opinion that the result did not justify the expenditure, and tbat a much more advactag^ojs outlet could be found for the funds. It was eventually decided, however, to hold a match, but to offer in prizes only about half the amount ol previous years. The Champion Class was struck out of the programme altogether, so tbat there will be 110 inducement for tbe cracks to pay Kyneton a visit. The prizes in the other classes were not seriously diminished, and the usual conditions were adopted, with an additional one imposing a fine of 10s on all competitors who leave their lands unfinished.—Guardian. The plaintiff in this case, heard at Horsham, will be recognised as raiding on Maldon a few years ago, and noted tor his smart practice as a lawyer. E. Reynolds v. Robert Webster—Professional services, £6 6s. Mr Spread appeared for plaintiff. Plaintiff stated that the amount claimed was due. for professional services rendered, and the charges were moderate. Defendant deposed that he was served with a fraud summons after the sitting of the Local Land Board in Horsham. Mr Reynolds took the summons out of his (defendant's) haod to have a look a: it, and without auy instruction from plaintiff he defended the case. Webster also sta:ed that be paid the money claimed in the action for which be was served with a fraud summons four days before the court was held, and that he never had any intention of defending the case. Mr Akehurst remarked that it was very unlikely Mr Reynolds would prepare to defend an action without being instructed, but it was eqaally improbable that Webster would pay the money tor whioh he was sued four days before the case was to be heard if he had intended to raise a defence. Case dismissed. O, Bedad! 