BERIOU CHABGEO'IP A . , Biohard Mnrbh W.atson, Sfty-om, tal: e . manly-looking mean, described saan agent, who pleaded." Guilty" at the last Bath demanding .£200.1 b*et .wkb-lq , brought up for judgment at: the'"ii Courton June 27. The cireaumtmeaneeathir s ,, . as stated by Mr. Diuby eymor,arernes . wry e i :' .n fal end extraordinary charaser. The pri nelm rbo - ' was formerly a olerk in hplyordere, bdeaisasi alnti with the family of agentlemant.t &t;/ojso - a clergyman of the Church of Jctgatid'b of a perish neer Bath, and the o. rn oneof this gentleman's danghte.'. ' went to reside at Blackheath, e?d bis einlrlter, who wan the proseeotrix Ppo. te prett c ge, wenat to reaide with them. eThe preonier ,itbi'yeae 1864 sedueed thins ladyli Wife'o.ltat., ,hlh we.. . *elt was the birth of a child. T oe j?? i o t hatixb d some money at her command, and itppe»d thM$U' ti6;irtlfatertei pintuil ocorren(»»boTjlteen~od the prisoner commenoed a t erribe ytem of ronoy anoe tocarda the prosecutrir, atd, cnder th reat that be would expose to the worlds «n ehib ihbt hal taken place between them,/he edueadd uiobtiing . large smes of money from her. ltaisjOationn4dwn to the year 1876, by whbioh time theapri?onerhad re eeally eeded in obtainmg. frae the pr?enlatri nearly the whole of the money that wain her ton. trol, and the prisoner, being probablywar oEf thle faot, desisted from his proceedings, and there wa? lull until the month of March oftheaprsent;ye'. '. . this time the prmecatrix, by the death ofher *oe -." ' eame into possessenion of a small sum of moneyaids . " prisoner then wrote baer a letter In whichhe tbreatepd' that unler« abe gave 0 i he' wrld ew eliiI'ia ' Iseions that had existed between them. The learoed conanel read the letter that wa,_the. pfi feha oherxe, and said that bhre' *ev' o hfe pluto r believing thet the prisoi'r wee not only ilty of thia abominable conduet.towarda.s the pro?ectrlx, bet tabt he had also bee oarryingneonmcell.abdis system of seduotion iwith wefehnc: . to other.foen women. It appeared from a letter 'in hii 'band. writing, that was found at the osm wol rp ibes dhi lately been carrying on the busineos of o s whe -ia. lical weent, that he was urging one young lady to lire with him as her husband. Another doonmment was also found in the prisooer's offie, which tended still more to show his disgrapefol conduct, and 'the learned oouneel eaid that he could not help expreslag his surprise and horror that a married men, holding the sacred offioe of the prisoner, shbold'hk4r eean cuilty of suoh con'uct. The doeoment wae.os ehe following terms :--" Sept. 28, 1876. I, Emily ---, take you, Bichard Marnh Watson, from this day forth to be my wedded hbehand, and I now swear to love you faithfully during our wedded life, :and that I will lawfully marry you as aoon as yon are fte, and that I willin themeantime lorveyonu a nrliawful .wife; and I ewear this in the name of the lather, Son, and Holy Ghost. (Signed) EH?ta --." Mr. Digby Seymobr, in conclusion, said that tlejudg ment had been postponed from tbe latee seioea ?iiol that the prisoner might put:in affndavits inhmitigition of punishment, but, as no such atldavits hodbeen died, the case stood upon the faots as he had mentioned them, and he would leave the matter in the 'baadi of the Court. Mr. Straight, on behalf of the prisoner, said that but for the unnusual coone that had eon t-ken by his learned friend in presinag the osarge with so much severity against the prisoner he shoull notin the slightest mansoner hare alluded to ihe piinfal mat tern that bhad been alluded to, but he aubmitted-that the Court ought not to be guided by the moral -apect of the case, but that the prisoner abhould be dealt with' for the legal offene he had committed. Heehoold not endearour to excue the condt of the pridoer,or enter into any matters which the prisoner might have considered were some jnstl6eation for his demand for money, and be would only say inhis behalf that he hlad suffered aerorely from ecrofala, and that he wiu compelled to hbare one of bilege amputated. Healso naid that from the time the charge was fant prefer d tbhe prioner had not instrated hb~ bolibttt ssai L eingle question to the prseoutrix that could hsvegiat her the slightest pain, and that he had pleaded goty. and now enpreued his deep repentance for what he bad done. In addition to this he had also to slate that at the time the prcioner wrote to the proencatrix he waain great pecuniary diffculty. Mr. Justioe Lasuh es? e would take alittle timeto consider thestenence hepugt topronounce, and laterin the daythe prisoner was in placed at the bar. When he was asked whether \e wished to say anything, he replied that he was aorry for what he had done, but he bhad no intention the;. tort money from the proeccutrix. Mr. Justioe Lne, in passing sentence, said be hat paid great atleoti' to this case, and all the facts that had beenseht before him, and he had oome to the eonelnuion that "b was one of. heartless villany sech as w i . 4 met with. He believed that prisoner had been ing on a career of villany for many years, and it'rw - hardly possible to conceive anything worte tIan tabl conduct in endeavouring to extort maney from the proscoutrix by threaloning to expose facts of which he was the cause. From the documents that were found in his possession there was no doubt that the praeej. tris was not his only victim, but that fora Jong peiatd he had been c.irrying on a system of gettting: oqsg women into his power for the purpose ofiedb6tos. Ulindr these cir?msetauoes he felt that theleast en. lenoe be eould pass upon him ewa that lie be kept in penal tervitude for the spkte of twetve years. 