'T'HE STORY-TELLER. SHADOWS ON THE SNOW Br B. L. FARJEON. (Author of Blade O'-Grass, .London's Heart, &c;, &c.;) (Continued from our last.) She was speaking to herself now, while he, with humble breath, sat watching her, silently, Unforgiving and imperious as he was to the world, here he was a slave; and had be possessed the power, he would have laid his heart in her lap, to have made her happy. "To-night is Christmas," she resumed, "and we shall go round to Mr, Harrild's house, and see so many young people dancing, and laughing, and playing for- feits-while I shall sit in a corner, watch- ing them like the envious old witch I have read of in fairy stories, I am quite as hideous, I know: and it is natural and proper that they should not come and pay court to me, as they do to each other, And I deserve it, father," she continued, her humor suddenly changing again, ' I deserve it, for reviling the world and everybody in it, as I am doing. I deserve it for having bad and wicked thoughts at such a good time as Christmas-for it is a good time after all, is it not ?' No words can express the entreating earnestness with which she urged her pleading inquiry; and thoroughly humbled, the hard man said, "It is a good time, child," and said it from his heart. And then they went into the house together. Now, at Reuben Harrild's there was assembled on this evening as merry and gay a company as ever met within four walls. You would have thought that in the "whole of the happy group there did not exist a single anxiety. But it was not so. For anxiety is a component part of the business of human life, and it can be seen at odd moments peeping out from the corner of every man's eyes, Some wear it habitually; others casually; but all possess a stock of it, more or less, stored upon the shelves of the mind. And it is good thus; for if life were all sweet, affection would be valueless, and happiness a negative good. I do not suppose-that-in the-kitchen-the question was regarded in at all a philoso- phical light; indeed, it is questionable whether it was thought of at all, But it is certain that even in that region of shining saucepans and stewpans there were heartburns, albeit they were mild ones, For Samuel Nock had, some quarter of an hour since, incontinently come upon. Kitty Grater in the passage, and had seen her then and there in the act of being kissed, beneath the miserable pretence of a piece of mistletoe, by a retainer of low degree, who had been engaged to assist in the domestic arrangements. Between Samuel iock and Witty Grater an attachment had been supposed to exist for the last fifteen years-an attachment which was always budding into promise, but had not yet blossomed into proposal, Each looked upon each as the other's property. and it was tacitly understood between the two that if any philanthrophic individual should happen to step forward and say, "'Wilt thou, Kitty Grater, take Samuel Tock to be thy lawfully wedded bus band?" or "' Wilt thou, Samuel Nock, Lake Kitty Grater to be thy lawful wedded wife?" they would jump joyously into each other's arms, and the matter would be settled, But during those fifteen years that happy idea bad not occurred to any philanthrophie individual, and the twain were still in a state of incipient courtship. The mental condition .of the two at the present moment was not analogous; for Samuel Nock stood, pipe in mouth, lean ing against the chimney piece, seriously contemplating the advisability of punching the head of the retainer of low degree, and wondering whether such an act would be accepted by Kitty as a downright declara- tion, about which there could be no mis take; and Kitty, busy at the dresser, was furtively watching Samuel, inwardly enjoying his state of mind and wondering whether he would be goaded by jealousy to say something worth hearing, without any nonsense in it. But Samuel Nock's indignation was not easily appeased; his moral dignity was hurt; and he pre- served silence. '' Oh, Samuel," sail Kitty, who had just come from the parlor, and who saw that it was no use waiting any longer for him to speak; "Oh, Samuel, they're a playing such a game upstairs." Samuel only grunted, '"They're playing." said Kitty, slily, "I love my love with an A, because he is Amiable, and Amusing, and an Angel, and I hate my love with an A, because he's Aggravating, and Absurd, and Annoying; and his name is Alexander, and he comes from Aberdeen, and I took him to the sign of the Axe and Anchor, and treated him to Apples and Anchovies." '" And I don't love my love With a We," grunted Samuel Nock, jumping to the other end of the alphabet, ''because she's a Wixen, and Wicious, and Wile; and I hate her with a We, because she's *Vulgar, and Wain, and a Wiper, and her pame is Wenus, and she comes from Wandieman's Land, and I took her to the sign of the Wenemous Vampire, and treated her to Winegar and Water." '" And I hate my love with a B, because he's a Brute, and his name is Samuel," said Kitty, rather vaguely, and with a very red face. '"Don't be windictive, Kitty, remons- trated Samuel. 'It's a low, wulgar sign." " Don't be aggravating, Samuel," re- joined Kitty, goaded to such a state of mind that, looking upon the retainer of low degree as the cause of the quarrel, she suddenly turned upon that inoffensive individual, and boxed his ears. Not con- tent with which, she seized his head, and rapped it sharply against the kitchen wall, which had such an effect upon Samuel Nock, that he caught her in his arms and kissed her into good humor, Every room in the House had such a bright look about it that there was no mistaking the time.Had old Father Time himself suddenly made his appear once out of his weather-beaten residence, and told you it was all a mistake, and that it wasn't Christmas, you wouldn't have believed him, Not Christmas! A nice thing, indeed! As if you did not know better! As if every saucepan in the Kitchen did not know better! As if the wery sparks aying out of the fire up the ahimaney did not know better! Not Christmas! AsklMrs, Ramage! Who was Mrs Ramage? Why Mrs. Ramage was, a Large woman (the printer "will please put a large L to the word) with a Large mouth, and a Large nose, and Large eyes, and Large limbs, and a Large way of asserting herself which there was no resisting. And in Mrs. Ramage was merged Mr. Ramage, who was a little man (the printer will please here put a little I) with a little mouth, and a little nose, and little eyes, and little ~limbs, and such a very little way of asserting himself that no one took the slightest notice of him. If, by the merest -chance, he was mentioned, he was spoken of as one who had vested the whole of his right, title, and interest in and to human life in the wife of his bosom; who, indeed, had parted with it to her so tho- roughly and completely that it might be regarded as a sum, which she added up, subtracted from, multiplied, or divided, at her pelasure. Not Christmas! Why here was Mrs. Ramage, this tremendously solemn and magnificently Large woman, actually laughing and beamnig kindly smiles upon poor little Mr. Ramage, who hopped meekly about her, and bobbed his little head in ecstasy at her affability. Not Christmas! Ask the Woys and the Wymers, of Messrs. Wymer, Woy, and Wymer, the celebrated firm which transacted all the. legal business of the district, '-he firm originally was Wymer and Woy, hut a female Wynier, sister of the senior partner, having her own particular right become possessed of a sum of money which the firm was anxious to pass to its credit, would only consent to invest it on the condition that her name was added to the firm. As she was a strong- minded sanld hony old maid, her condition was accepted, and the title was thenceforth WVymer, WVoy, and Wymer. They were all long, lank, and lean, and grew, as did their parchments, more shrunk and shrivelled every term. Life to them was not made up of happiness and sorrow, sympathy, love, affection, charity, and other such-like trifles, but it was made aup of Law. They talked nothing but Law-they knew nothing but Law-they breathed nothing but Law. They played the game of existence with Law, and they played it so slilfully that they neveri missed the odd trick. Yet even they looked frostily pleasant, and thawed a little under the genial influence of the time; dimly recognising that kindliness at such a season was an enactment of some old law of humanity. And if there was a shadow of a doubt on the subject-if any misguided person still entertained the most infinitesimal particle of disbelief as to the fact--he had but to look at the face of Laura Halrrild, and the thing was settled. ''There was nothing extraordinarily handsome about Laura she was simply a dear, lovable woman, gemmed with the graces of a happy, indecent youth. A pleasant gladness rested on her face, and shed its influence upon all around her. Such women are the roses of the world ; happy the man who has one blooming in the garden of his life! ":To think," said Doctor Bax, as he sat'dandling on his knee a privileged, curly-headed, youngster, "to think of those two children going to get married in three months! Why, Mr. Harrild, what on earth will you do without her?" The person addressed, a sober-looking man of nearly fifty, gazed thoughtfully at Laura and William, who were sitting among a group of young people, laughing and chatting gaily, but he made no reply. \- Dear, dear?" continued--the Doctor. "Three months I And to-morrow we shall be looking back to it, and saying it was only yesterday that they were married. Life, indeed, is nothing but a breadth of wind." "No such thing, sir,; no such thing," interposed Mr. Wymer, who was close by with the other members of the firm. "' Life a breath of wind, indeed! Pooh, pooh, Doctor, you know nothing about it. If everybody' took such a light view of it, what would become of all its most import ant relations? What would be the use of making marriage settlements in favor of a breath of wind? What would the use of making one's will, involving large interests -often tremendously, important interests, let me tell you-in tfavor of a breath of wind? What would be the use of actions at law, writs of ejectment, pleas, interpleas, rules nisi, criminal prosecutions, chancery suits, and insolvencies? What would become of Law ?' ' That is no breath of wind, I grant you," said the Doctor, good humoroudly; it is a grim reality. But I spoke philosophically." " Philosophically, my dear doctor," re turned Mr. Wymer, in no way appeased; 'of what practical use is it to speak philo- sophically? Speak legally, and you are all right. Speak legally, act legally, live legally, die legally, and you can go to the other world with your title-deeds in your hand, and take possession. What I find fault with in people now-a-days," continued the speaker, illustrating the point with his forefinger, "is, that they diverge from the straight course. They are-dreamy, senti- mental, unpractical, and unbusiness-like. Now, there is no dreamniess or sentimenta- lity in law. You must be mide awake, my friend, when you deal with law. You must be business- like and practical, or you will get the worst of it," and Mr. Wymer emitted a dry chuckling laugh, as if he was in the habit of dealing with people who were un- business-like and unpractical. and who were always getting the worst of it. "Bit the uncertainty of the law,"' Doctor Bax ventured to remark. "' That's the beauty of it," answered Mr. Wymer, rubbing his hands pleasantly. "You never know where to have it. It always gets-the best of you when you least expect it. You might stuidy it for a hun- dred years, anid it would trip you up after aid. It is wonderfully and beautifully complex," " There are eases which have lasted sixty or seventy years, are there not F" asked the Doctor. ' More, sir; more," replied Mr. Wymer, gleefully. "Whatcould more fitly illus- trate its amazing ingenuity, than such cases ? Think of the study, the speeches, the learning, the arguments that have been used in one simple suit.. Think of the briefs " "The fees." the Doctor put in slily. "Of course, they follow, for eervy laborer. as worth) of his hire; and we are all laborers after a fashion.' " How on earth did the world ever get on without lawyers ?" asked Doctor Bax, maliciously. "It never did, sir. For did not Abraham, the patriarch, buy' the field of Ephron, which was in Machphelah, which was be fore Mamure; the field, and the cave, which was therein, and all the trees that were in the field, that were in all the borders round about'-- the very words, sir, you read in Genesis. And doydu mean to tell me that any one but a lawyer could have written such a description ? Why, sir-,' "Stop, stop, exclaimed Doctor Bax put ting his fingers'to his ears, ' I yield, I give in. Whoever argued with a lawyer and got the best of it ? besides which," he muttered,. as he walked away, "I would sooner have five minutes' chat with Laura and William, than spend a week in the company of that dried up old folio." 'the lovers were standing at the window, looking out upon the night. The snow flakes were falling fast, and a field of purest white spread before them, as far as eye could reach. The window was in a recess, shut off from the room by heavy curtains so that they were almost in seclusion. William Fairfield had once an idea of emi- grating to the Colonies: but the lucky chance that watches over true love had made the sentiments of these two young people known to each other, and his in- tention now was to settle down into the quiet life of a country farmer. He was speaking to her tenderly ; and her pure, truthful face, though turned somewhat away from him, showed how lovingly she was following his words, "It was strange," he was saying, "Low entirely my mind has been weaned away from its intense desire of emigrating to the Colonies. I think I must be a miser, Laurer dear, for I used absolutely to de- your the news of each fresh gold discovery in the other part of the world. I used to dream night after night of tremendous nuggets, almost t. heavy to lift, and to wake in a rage to find it a delusion. Why, I went to, Wymer, who had found a pur- chaser for our little farm, and have instruc- ions to draw up the conveyance. Old Steph Winkworth was the purchaser; but you known what happened just then, dar line?" and he drew her tenderly towards him: "I discovered, what I scarcely dared to hope, that you loved me, and away to the four winds went all ideas of selling the farm and emigrating." His was an impulsive nature, self-willed and obstinate. He had a rapid, confident way of speaking, and was, as he looked, bold, manly and- fearless. Laura gazed into his face somewhat timidly, and said, "I sometimes think, William; that if would have been better for you had gone away " ." Why, Laura !" he broke in, amazed. ' What I mean is, Will, that it would have done yon good. You are going to settle into a quiet, humdrum life, not suited to you exactly, I think. You are so impulsive " "That is just what stephen Winkworth said. Why, do you know, Laura, when he went to the lawyer's, expecting the deeds were ready for signature (and he went with his money in his hand, I can tell you -six hundred golden sovereigns), and I told him I had altered my mind, and did not intend to sell the farm, he called me rash-headed and impulsive-said that the bhrgain had been made, and that I could not draw back from it. And there the money is to this day-at least. so old Wymer is always. telling me-and there are the deeds, ready for signing ; and all I have to do is to go the office and put my signature, and pocket the six hundred sovereigns, which, of course, I do not intend to do-no, not if there were six hundred thousand instead of six hundred; for your love, darling, is worth all the gold in the world to me, .and I would not loose your love for all the nuggets I have ever dreamt of" And he meant it, did William Fairfield. He loved the girl with his whole heart. A year ago he might have gone away, and time would have cooled his passion; but now, when his love had found expression, it could never be extinguished. Hie believed in her implicity: his was a blind faith ; he did mt question it or doubt it. ' We shall he very happy, William," presently she said softly. "But tell me, what made you so eager to go to the gold colonies ?" "I can scarcely tell you. It was a rest less craving for excitement; and then there was a friend of mine, who had been a scapegrace in his very young days. and he -had-gone over and-reformed, and made lots of money ;and he wrote so eloquently about the mode of life, and the independence, and the gold, that it turned my head." "Your friend ?" said Laura, and th.n stopped hesitatingly. "Yes ?" he answered, questioning. "What had he done wrong?" " A great deal. He forged his father's name." " Oh. William !" she cried in such a voice of pain that he caught her in his arms, and asked her what ailed her. "Nothing, William, nothing," she re- plied, half hysterically, and begging him, between laughing and crying, to proceed with his story. " Well," continued William, "he forged his father's name, and it was discovered; and the old man gave him means to take ship to Australia. He escaped, although his father was almost ruined." "And then ?" said Laura. " T'he old man died, and the young scape- grace made a fortune, and became a first rate member of society. Why Laura, you look quite scared." " It is a melancholy story, William," said Laura; " but see, there is Stephen Wink worth and poor Alice." "Go and speak to her Laura and bring her here. I like to be away from the lights and the people when you are with me. And here in this little nook we can see everything without being seen. How it snows." ;"'How beautiful!" said Laura, nestling up to her lover. "'The flakes float down ward from heaven to earth, like feathers from the wings of the angels,. I #ill bring Alice here, and we will sit together as long as they don't miss us. "Stop, Laura," exclaimed William, as she was turning away, "' what is that out side? T'here do you not see it moving? It was the shadow of a man, who appeared to be lurking about the house. As Laura looked, her heart sank within her, and she turned as white as the falling snow. "Evidently some skulker. Not here for ary good, that's certain, said William ; I will go out and see who it is." "No, no, no William,"' implored Laura, with sudden earnestness, clinging to his arm, "do not go- I beg; --implore you, do not go." " Why, Laura, this is the second time to-night you have almost frightened me with some unaccountable emotion. Let go my arm, my dear. "No, no, no!" she exclaimed with strange vehemence, and still clinging to him, "you shall not-you must not go. And see-it is gone-it was only a shadow, after all. We have been standing here away from the lights so long that we are growing fanciful. And leaving him, she walked towards Alice Winkworth. Strange contrasted were these two girl's. One, lithe, supple, graceful, handsome; the other, deformed, maimed, white and sickly. A world of tenderness was expressed in Laura's face, as she bent over Alice's chair. "I am so glad to see you, Alice," she said; " William wants you to come and sit with us by the window." A glad light passed over the sick girls face, as she rose and walked with Laura to the curtained recess. Her look turned to one of surprise, when Laura whispered, "Talk to him for a little while, Alice, until I come back, I will not be long gone." "Where are you going, Laura?"asked William. "I must attend to the guests, WilI," Laura replied; I will be back presently." And she turned away somewhat abruptly. "Strange," muttered William, ' she seems quite changed to-night. By heavens, there it is again. And, looking out, he saw again the shadow of a man who was lurking about the house. "I have a good mind to go out and see about it. But,-no-Laura will be .vexed with me, and perhaps it is nothing, after all." So he sat down by the side of Alice, half discontented, and not knowing why. In the meantime the snow was falling slowly but steadily outside the study of Reuben Harrild, who had left his guests for awhile to their own devices. As he leant his face upon his hand, gazing dreamily out of the window, it could be seen that old memories were passing through his mind. He looked older than he was. Some lives, wild and stormy, are prolific of wrinkles; others, smooth and uneventful, do not raise a furrow on the face. A life is counted, not by years, hut by events; and in some men's lives occur earthquakes which leaves chasms never to be closed. The pages of a man's life are blotted 'with tears;. and memory, as she scans the re cords, lives over again, with bitter bevity, the shedding of each tear. As Reuben Harrild sat, wrapt in thought, the ghosts in former joys and former griefs clung about him with their sad faces, and a thou sand pale spectres rose and haunted him from the grave of his past life. He was dee, in these memories when the presence of his daughter roused him. " What want you here, child ?' he asked gently, smoothing her hair, and kissing her. "I want a Christmas-box, father," she said, half laughingly, half earnestly. "I have a great mind to give you one," he said, raising his hand playfully; but seeing something in her face that spoke of grief, he asked- gravely, -"Has-anything happened, child ? Has William been un- kind ?" \-- "No, father; he is too good, I do so wish I could be brave, and speak to you what is in my mind." "You may say what you.please, dear child, on every subject " "On every subject ?" she questioned earnestly. "' But one." he said. gravely ; "and that subject must never be mentioned between us. You know me. Laura; you know how I love you-no father could better love a daughter ; but you must obey me, dear child, in this, as you have done in all other things, and be to me always what you have ever been-a child I can love without one shadow of remorse, without one spark of reproach." (To be continued.) 