BALLABAT COORSSHQ CLUB. CHAMPIOH MEtTIHG. Tdx opb owft mn'onTBit.J ? ??? ' BAiiiAUAT, 29tb Angus** First Day— Webhesdat, 29xn Lvavaf. President, air Samuel YVilBon ; vico-prctndent, Mr. G.Q.Morton; treasurer, Dr. Whitcombe ; flag otoward, Mr. W. Brozoncr ; dip steward, Mr. A. Dalgloiuh ; bcators* stowardn, AIes3ra. B» H. L. Swifto, A. Clark, Q. BignclJ, P. S. Clark; fiold stowards, Mea3rs. David Jones, J. 0. iDglis, A. K. Finlay, H. Goro, T. Creighton, . W. K. Thomoon, 0. J. Burroughs, T. Bath, P. Qain livnn. W. Bailnv. .T. H. Rinwrarinhk/ .T T{aIij-»11 H. Greene, Dr. Fethcrsorio, tho hop. Philip Raa scll ; judgo, Mr. J. Johnston ; elippor, Mr. Q. Bigncll : eccrotary, Mr. S. Cadden, The Baliarat Chaupioh Stakes (Opeh), for thirty-two alleged greyhounds which havo boon tho last four dogs ia any Btako of any recognised coursing clab in Australasia, in any year, at £15 15s. each; winnor, £200; runnorup, £70; win ners of threo courses, £30 each ; winners of two coureos, £15 each ; winners of one courso, £7 10a. each. Silvio beat BoWnoon Cruaoe Vigorous „ Alice Western Princess „ Blfmarclt Jcaoamino „ WiH Flower Jasper ' ' „ Bendhuan Rlcnmond „ Boots Caese Toto „ Thingvala Beta „ Forcat Queen Fawn ,, Prciidont Victor „ Douglass Lupiu „ ' Bcnbow Forest King . . „ Gang Forward Bt. Gcorgo ' „ Nappor Tandy Joan (late tfoatrice) ,. Golden FJcoco Euterpe ' „ One of the Twelvo Thcophano . ,, Buabon. First Ties. Vigorous beat Silvio ?Weatorn FrincoS3 ,« Jeesamino Jasper „ ltlchmund CassoTeto „ B ta Victor „ Fawn Lupin ,, Forest King Euterpo „ St. Gcorgo Tbcopbano „ Beatrice A numerous and influential assemblage of cours ing followers from various parts of the colony patronised the opening proceedings in connection with the Ballarat Champion Meeting. The morning opened beautifully fine, and tne major portion of the company journeyed down to the meet at Burrumbeet by tho special train, which left the Western railway station at half-past seven a.m. The coursing commenced in the pad dock adjoining Sir Samuel Wilson's residence at Ercildoun, where the first brace of greyhounds were placed in clips shortly after nine o'clock. Hares were very plentiful, and somo grand trials wore witnessed, the first round of Bixteon courses being disposed of be fore tho mid-day interval. Sir Samuol Wilson, who was unavoidably absent, provide! all pre sent with an excellent luncheon. After due jQstice was accorded the repast, Mr. David Jones' proposed the Knight's hoalth, which was drunk with enthusiasm, the compliment being suitably acknowledged by Mr. Cruikshank, Sir Samuel's manager. Mr. Johnston got through his duties as judge iu a satisfactory manner, and Bignoll slipped in hia usual form. The following are the results of tho rnnning : — Ballabat Champion Stakes. — Robinson Crusoo led Silvio four good lengths, and shifted the bare to the white's collar, who made threo nice points previous to racing past for tho fifth, and siiaring in somo equal -oxebaages that ensued. Silvio now tired, leaving the Ivanhoo representative to bcoro the remainder of the work to a fence, where the red collar was loft a loser. Vigorous was several lengths faster than Alice, and, covering her gatno grandly, never allowed tho Lord Rodney bitch ? next the bare whilst in view of tho crowd. Western Priuccia, on tho inside berth, got first up, and kept thore during a brief circular spin, Biarnarck, who displayed superiority of paco from slips, nover having the slightest opportunity to avert defeat. This was a vory un satisfactory trial for the loser. Jessamine, after a magnificent struggle, drew out a clear length beforo Wildflowor, turned, served herself for tho second, then lost in tho long grass. Contrary to expectation, Jasper gradually stretched away from Bondhuan for tho turn, at which ho kopt hia placo for threo serviceable drives before tho hare swerved to tho imported dog, who could do no moro than wrench faintly a fow times provioiu to becoming uuaigbted in coyorfc. Boots, against whom tho long odds of £250 to £5 woro laid on Tuesday evening, was woll led, and woll boaten by Richmond in a fine racing trial. Tho Mount Aitkin Stako's winnor was givon a rare opportunity of distinguishing himself, as his opponent fell heavily in tho middle of the courso ; but Richmond rccovorcd himself admirably, and racod by in grand stylo for the h'uiehing points. CassoToto wont groat guns from Thing Valla, and usiug hor hare artistically, sho never suffered tho Geolong bitch to havo tho ghost of an opening in a splendidly-executed trial ou tbo part of tho winnor. After a longish no-go, Buta inado a sail example of Forest Queou, who appeared un able- to raCa a yard, aud wont down pointlostf. President and Fawn commenced by having a Bhort no-course. At the second attempt President was best away, but foil a regular croppor as puss jorkod across a drain, Fawn going on unopposed for oorno faiut wrouches, which caitod bor tho award. Victor dashed eloar of Douglass for the oponing point, and workod.much tho closor in a well-contested oourso that followed. Lupiu disposed of Bonbow in a ono-aided fivjhiou. To tho siirpriso of tho bowing ones, Gaug For ward showed Forost King tho way to tho hare, aud although Mr. Chirusidu's dog had all tho boat of tho work that ensued iu a short courso, ho ftiilod to kcop on tho trno lino of bin gamo, aud Mr. Johnston decided ngaiutit him. Nappar. taudy showed paco iu tho raoo up, aud scorod a couple of points, whon ho c.ituo iu contact with a fenco, where St. Goorco wont on with tho lead and cainou tho von'iot. GoUlou Ficeco wont by Joau in a scrambling run-up aud mtulo tho turn, after which a capital givo-ond-taho couroo ouauoi), Joau havi»R a ahauo tho boat of it when tho haro C3capod. Kutorpo lod and beat Ouo of tho Twolvo poincleaa, tho winnor windiug un with tv protty kill ou tho odgoof tbo luncheon cloth. Thcophauo fjoourod tho turn by favor, nnd always had u bit tho best of llatvbon iu t\ short working trial to cover. After luncheon, Silvia ami Vigorous woro !)luceil togother for tho upauinft count) of thoFiiat i'ioa : Tho first nlii) reaultcd in a uo-go. When, next doapntehed Silvio got beat fioui tbo ulip:', but Vii;orotm took coinuintul as tho havo c:\mo round, nud never after loft tho isauo iu doubt, ttiiiuing a long oouiao enwily. Jesmniuo lod iu a (jooil olip, but loshu; her placo at tho turn, Wvatoru lVmoooaa nicliod iu for ft fow weak points, whon Jcisamino caino a socoml timo ami looked all over a winner until tv Uih'il do}; joiuoil iu mul iutcifcvvd with hor ehuuee, wlieioupon tbo Western district oruok followoil on ivml won. Jasper bail much tho beat of lliolinioml I'orn lounkiine, but ttftor a whilo llicbmoiul w.vuneil to his work ; ft raro Imro, howover, cueapoil too booh for him to wipo out tho eutiy poinU-i ucoioA by Jtwpor, Oasso Tow tttul H«l» rau a gnui oourao, tho former leading and having all tho boit of tho »Urt and liuiib. Fawn be'nn r littlo boltor than Viator, but a stout running liato euublod tbo MortUk,e -log to display bin 8WymgtiualiMo« to tho fullest ftvlvaatage, nud lotkvo oil tho uiut dooiaWo «t winnore, Lupiu novor let l'orwtKing no»t tbo hato iu a tr*mpu« ilous gruollvr, tud KulerM dUpoaod of SI. Qwt$- in nu TntorMtins courto, the winner »bowlngp*c« Iiom lint to Uufi,Atul finUhiug with k clom vUk« Dpi Taoopbane led Joan a bttra ialWcagtb, *a& had it all her own way in a rare trial. , Secobd Day.— TunnflDAT, 30xn Avaver. Cuahpioh Stakes, for .IhirtT-two all-aged greyhounds, which bare been the last four in any fitako of any recognised coursing clab io Atutra* lania, Winner, £200; ranner-up, £70; two dogs, £30 each ; four dogs, £15 eaeo ; eight doga, £7 103. each. Second. Ties» Western Princess beat Vigorong Ca-'soToto „ Jasper , Victor „ . Euterpo Lupin - „ Iheophane. Third Ties. ? Western Princess feat Victor Lupin „ CasjoTeto. Deciding Course. ITon. T. Bromeil na. 0. A. Wigsjins'e bd wb Western Piincces, by Rantin' Bobin— Hcrmlone, beat ' A. Dennis's bk w b Lupin, by Wellington— Phantom, and won. Match for 50 Sorg. AsrfcE. 25 eovb. forfeit. Hod. T. BromeU'a w bd d Flrat Kin?, by Kin?— Fairy, beat A. K. Finlay no. D. Jonca'a bd wb Jolly Lara, by Barmb; — Nord. Fine weather again prevailed, and tbo t.pecial train which left tho Western station at sins o'clock was heavily laden by persons anxious to witness the finishing courses in connection with tho contest for tho Champion Stakes. Tho ren dezvouB was in tho Cockpit paddock, situated about two miles from tbo Burrumbeet Railway station, where operations commenced at half-past ten -i.m. The meet was well attended, and amongst thoso present were- noticeable several members of the gentler eex, who appeared to take no small interest in tbo sport of tho day. Game v?as not quite so plentiful as on tho open ing day, but a sufficient number of harea wera forthcoming to enable the stewards to bring tbo meeting to a satisfactory termination by three o'clock. Tho coursing was of a very satisfactory deacription, moat of the trials being admir ably contested, and affording the spec tators excellent sport. Sir Samuel Wilson again entertained tho assembled sportsmen to a sumptuons luncheon. The honors of tho meeting were carried away by Mr. C. A. Wig gin's Western Pnnce33, who performed very meritoriously, and fully deserved her forward position in tho competition, Mr. Johnston's de cisions were well received on the whole, and Big nell's slipping was fairly satisfactory. Subjoined are results of the running : — Ghahpioh Stakes. — Second Ties : Western Princess and Vigorous went wide from slips, the firstnamed leading for tile third opening points, when the Melbourne bitch got well placed, and retaliated with several telling drives. A rare contested conrso now ensued, equal Exchanges '?-eing tho order of tho day until tbo Princes3 wound up with a splendid kill, which just enabled Mr. Johnston to -decide in her favor. Casao Tete led Jasper a couple of lengths, but losing her place as pass jerked back, the white dog went on for a useful score, then tired unexpectedly, leaving Cassa Tete to take undisputed cemmand for the remainder of a long course. Eaterpo was leading until elio fell a nasty purler, which knocked her completely oat of time, and although she joined issue towards the fag end and effected the kill,- Victor was left with a good balance in : hand. Theo phano was a length faster than Lupin, wrenched twico, and allowed tho Western district bitch to nick t-p on tho inside for a couple of points, when Theophane rattled in for the next threo and again placed Lupin, who immediately knocked puss over and secured- tbo judge's jiat. ' There was very littlo in it, and no ono would have been sur prised to sec tho cap come off. Third Ties : Western Princess went oa tho extreme outside of Victor for lirot turn, and made a shocking exhi bition of the Mortlake Cup divider np to tho time Mr. Wiggias's bitch got hung in the netting. Ilore Victor was given a good opportunity of squaring accounts, but after a while tho Priuccsa again joined iu and placod matters beyond doubt whon tho hare eventually evaded her pnrspers' in Bonie long grass. After a short scrambling un decided, Lupin gained the turn by a length, kept hor placo for the next three, then let &Ir.; Gore's bitch take the tifth just as the hare escaped into covert. Deciding. Cocr.sn.— Great°interest was tpasi fostod when tho two Western district celebrities, Western Princess and Lupin, were handed over to Bignoll for the final courso of the championship. A racing hnro was soon started, and in a long raco that ensued tho Princess drew out many lengths and aeoured tho first three turns, alter which several equal exchanges took place. Then Lupin went ahead and succeeded in balancing acoounls, when puss broke clean away, and from this out each greyhound made point for point alternately till Bearing some fences, whore, according to the jmlgo'a dictum, Western Princess waa left with ouo point only to tho good, pass bc.itiug her pur suers haudsomoly after ono of tho most brilliant and best contested trials on record. Tho match between First King and Jolly Laaa was a very one-sided atTair, tho first named leading aud beating tho Oonway kennel representative in tho most decisive fashion in a loug course, tho winnor being in front from beginning to end, aud terminating with a kill. 