THE MERCURY. THURSDA Y HORNING, SEPT. 13,1S77. " THE best interests of the Colony " are the pro- fessed object of all parties in our little commu- nity. But how great is the difference as Jp the means of attaining that object. We do nqt refer to those diversities of opinion which differently constituted mind«, and people viewing mattera from a different standpoint, may honestly enter- tain. Such differences aro to be calculated on, andfexercise a beneficial ina uenoo In securing a sound public opinion ; and woe betide the com- munity or Country where there is such a general consensus of opinion as to prevent the voice of the minority being heard. There are in politics, as in leligion, many points on which men may conscientiously agree to differ, only the more respecting the opponent whose sentiments they know to be the result of honest conviction. Rut can we regard such expression» of opinion on publio men and public measures in Tasmania as now too commonly prevail, as formed or uttered in the interests of the Colony Î The publio con- duct of public men is a legitimate subject of debate, and our Ministers and legislators, and even less prominent person*, must lay their account with their motives boin!» often and misunderstood,thoir actions misapprehended, andpurposesattributed which their ownconscious sense of right tells them are unwarranted, There are few who have not had cause to take up this complaint, and we have no suoli con- fidence in our own infallibility, or in our own omniscience as to assert that we have never misunderstood, and, it may be, misrepresented a political opponent, and done him injustice. We can only say that wo have said that which WO believed, and, judging of public men from their publio conduct, have always given the grounds on which we based our conclusions, so that others might from the san;© premises fqrm their own opinion, But it is quite another thing-and we have lind examples even in our Parliament, as well as outside-when low and scurrilous abuse takes the place of argu- ment; and a man's opinions are met, not by the effort to refute them, but by personal attacks which can only be held as admitting the superiority of the position and opinions of the person attacked, but as seeking to co ver the defeat of the assailant and party in the legitimate battle-field of politics, by a mode pf con- test that in the long run can only hurt those who resort to it, and will not divert from his purpoBo any one who has satisfied himself of the justice of the course he is follow- ing. Another mode of dealing with a political opponent is the equally objectionable con- duct of misrepresenting him, either deliberately or with such neglect of available facts as to render ignorance of them culpable. Wo have at the present moment an instance of this in a series of gross and inexcusable misrepresentations of the pffipial popduct fjf Mr. CHAVMAN, as Colonial Treasurer in succession to Mr. MERE- DITH in 18G6. If Mr. MEREDITH'S sagacity and capacity are to be dopendont on such an advocacy, his claims to public confidence are weaker than even we considered possible. The fallacies that are being now rehashed in defiance of fact and Parliamentary docnments,have beenexposedover and over again ; but as with Mr. MEREDITH him- self, so apparently with his partizans, facts are too vulgar things to be allowed to hamper a fertile imagination. Wo have beforo now shown that in so far as Mr. Mf;KW/iTU isconcernod, the less said about Ins management of our financial affairs the botter for himself. But as his friends aro indiscreet enough to again raise the ghost of his post delinquencies, we may ere long accept the challenge, and again slay the slain. Under his management, the Colony in 18G6'reached the lowest depth into which its credit has ever fallen, and if he and his friends have a sufficient excuse or justification of his conduct, it Beems strange they should resort to detracting Mr. CHAPMAN, and it says much for the latter gentleman that this can only be done by a'gross, and what ha« an ugly appearance of a wilful misrepresenta- tion of facts ; facts not hidden, or of which it is difficult to acquire a knowledge, but patent to any one who will take the trouble to road the records of our Parliamentary proceed- ings ; and no one, not oven those who make a boost of thoir determination to write down political opponents, should write on public matters without making themselves acquainted with the contents of our public records. Ignorance of these is culpable in any one affecting to deal with public questions, while the deliberate ignoring or misrepresentation of the truths contained in these records, puts the person who resorts to such discreditable practices outside the pale of fair discussion. They who deal in abuse, and they whose weapons are misrepresentation, may be left to the enjoyment of such triumphs as are to them compensation for the dirty courses they have to pursue. But the best interests of the Colony have a more formidable enemy in those whose principies of action are regulated by the probable party results. We suppose it will be admitted that the question of questions for Tasmania at the presout time is suoh measures of progress as' by roads, bridges, and other cognate publio works, would open up the country, and facilitate the development of our resources, and cheapen and expedite the modes of transit, whether u regards the produce of onr industrial rlsiiw, or tim yrttim thaj nqiuie lot .nttmmwn er ia tb» ' ' ' >J' .. ' . . - "' ' > I 'l i ' prosecution of their labour. Publio opinion has so unmistakably backed up the action of the House of Assembly,and censured the obstructive- ness of the Legislative Council, that it might be naturally inferred that a comprehensive policy of public works would be carried without a dissentient voice ; and so it would if the only consideration were the best interests of the Colony. But does any ono believe that during the approaching session of Parliament, the question will be dealt with on any such broad public grounds ? All may profess a desire for a thorough scheme of public works, but if we judge the Opposition by its antecedents, are we unjust or ungenerous if we suspect that in further dealing with a proposal for a scheme of public works, the chief object they will have in view will be to so utilise the question as to injure the Ministry as such, and to increase their own chances of a return to office ? In 1874, when Mr. MOORE first introduced his moderate publio works scheine-£145,000, in- cluding the purchase and completion of the Mersey and Deloraine Railway, Mr. REIBEY, and with him Messrs. MEREDITH, BALFE, DOOLEY, HENEY, and RIDDOCH, were among the obstructive minority that constituted the "Noes." In 1875 when the estimated ex- penditure was £220,000, Mr. REIBEY with Messrs, MEBEPHH and DOOLEY formed three of a minority in the Asseiubly. consisting of four that voted against public works ; and Mr. REIBEY went out'of his way to compliment the majority in the Legislative Uounoil that refused to concqr in the measure apptpyed, pi by the Assembly, and he thanked the Council for having protected the interests, of the property hulders of the Colony. In 1870, the propel ty holder was not sufficiently sunk in the popularity seeking Minister, and Mr. REIBEY'S Government would haye beerç satisfied _ with an expenditure of £50,000, and did nqt eyen près« that moderate proposition. .Tl;eexigei)ciesoftheMinisteriaV situ- ation in 1877 rendered necessary, in view of a. gen; eral election, a more liberal scheme, and the pre- ceding ' Ministry was altogether outbidden ; £100,000 was the minimum Mr. REIBEY fixed as necessary to the development of the resources of the Colony. But he Bhowed little aeal in his proposal, and do we do Mr. REIBEY injustice if we suspect (l)a,t he is now, as formerly, not an advocate of progress by means of a large expen- diture on publio works ; and that in Opposition in 1877, as in 1874 and 1875, publio work« will have no warm friend in him ? We should be sorry to nuBjudge him, but the presumption seems all in favour of j}!» dealing w¡^ public question« }n their relation tq the probabilities of ' THE ENGLISH MAIL.-For once, we have to compliment the telegraph department and the manager of the Tasmanian Cable Company on making the public acquainted with English mail arrangement*. Early yesterday morning there was postod outside the Telegraph, pfRoo hero * notice Stating that the Assam had paused Cape Otway at 3 a.m.-, and that the Derwent, with the Tasmanian portion of'tli'c mails, would leave Hobson's Bay at 1 p.m.', in which'case; especially as the state of the tide ¡u the Tamar ¡».favourable, t¡ig Hobart Town ijiaijs will he brought on by express train this after- noon, and delivered at' the kout Office, beginning shortly after teu o'clppk. Fron) what our Melbourne correspondent say?, t)io Assail! would darjly (jppear to have reached Hobson's Bay so early as expeoted. But still we thuik wo may expect a dolivciy to- night. THE MERSEY ELECTION'-The election of a member to represent this district in the Legislative Council takes places to-day, aud there are two candidates in the field, viz,, the lion. William Moore, Colonial Secretary, and Mr. George Atkinson, of Latrobe. As wo have every faith that the electors of the Mersey know how essential it is" that they should be represented in Parliament by/a gentleman pt ex porieuqe and proved capapity, anq tl|ey ha.ve to deoide botweau such an ona and a total stranger to Parliamentary life, we have no doubt that they will place the Colonial Secretary at the top of the poll. TELEonAPHic.-A-notice was posted at the Tele- graph Office yesterday, notifying that the Penang and Rangoon cable was interrupted on the 10th hist., and that telegraph stations were now opened at Fortitude Valley, South Brisbane, Harrisville, and Fassifern, Queensland. THE CRIMINAL SE.'JSIO.NH.-These sessions were concluded yesteulay. Iii the first court before the Clijef Justice, Thomas Davis pleaded guilty t° haying unlawfully and, wrongfully forced ashore at Frenchman's Bay, Westprn Australia, ope Janies Richardson, a seaman of tim whaling barque Runnymede, and was sentenced to five mouths' im- prisonment. Ann Smith, an old woman from Swansea, received a sentence of one month's im- prisonment for stealing a bottle of whisky from the Swansea Hotel, the proporty of William Graham. In the case of Henry Elijah Baggott, charged with feloniously receiving a quantity of cigars stolen from the stores of Richard Crosby, the jury, after deli- berating for an hour aud a half, returned a verdict of not guilty, and^he prisoner was discharged. In tl)0 Secoqd Court Mr. Justice Dobson presided, Tho oidy 'case tried was that of Ann Coulson, charged with abandoning an infant at Hobart Town on the evening of ' June 25tK" last. * Tho 'jury fouud the prisoner guilty, and slip was, in con- sideration of being the first offender proseçq{ed under the statute relating to that ott'unoo, and the fact of her having previously borne a good character, sentenced to two months' imprisonment. THE RECENT CAB ACCIDENT.-The young man who was so seriously injured by being run over by a car on Tuesday evening was yesterday afternoon identified at the General Hospital by his mother. His name is William Frederick Baker, and he belonged to the barque Nautilus. He was paid off on Tuesday, when he went to his parents' house in GoulbiifU-gtrcet and aftçr gjvUlg his father the money he' had received', )eft home intending to return for his top "coat, but' did not' do'so. Ip consequence of seeing' a report yesterday afternoon of the melanoholy occurrence that had taken place the previous evening Mrs. Baker went to the hospital, when she found that the patient was her son. Although the stillerer was still unconscious at a late hour last night he had shown symptoms of improvement during tile day. As the accident was generally attributed to reckless driving on the part of the driver of the car, it will not be out of place to draw the attention of the police (because it requires s a great deal of iteration before their characteristic obtuseuess can be dis- pelled) and the iuupcgtqr ¥ Saus aud cau drjyerç, if there be such au officer, to the necessity of an inquiry into the çircumstanpes attending the running dowu of the young pian Baker, and, also, to an excessively dangerous practice that has pre- vailed for some time past. We allude to the reckless rate at which a number of cabs aro nightly driven down to the railway station to meet passengers by the express train, Lost night, in particular, some licensed vehicles proceeded down Liverpool-street so furiously, that had any person been crossing the road at the time it would have been an utter im- possibility to have got out of the way, or for the drivers to have pulled their horses up before an accident had tnkon place, REGATTA COMMUTÉE.-A meeting of the Execu- tive Committee of flie Hobart Town Regatta was held, at the Bird-iu-Hahd, last eveniug, when thero were present Messrs. C: Dowdell, J. Ë. Risby, W. A. Guesdon, F. J. ? P.-, Norman, J. Hayle, J. Mitchell, J. W. Cïill, D. McMillan, G. S. Chapman and J. O'Boylo (bon. sec.)' Mr. Dowdell was elected chairman of the committee. A discussion took place as to the desirability of giving trophies instead of money prizes in the races for amateurs not gain- ing their living by manual labour, but the matter was deferred for future consideration. The pro gramme of last year's regatta, was read 0Ul} dis I oussed with the view to preparing the programme for this year, but the matter was postponed till the next meeting. It was tho general opinion of the committee that the punto race Bhoulil be expunged from this yeai's programme of events and that a sculling race (eich boat to bo propelled with one oar over the stci u of the boat) should be substituted. Nothing definite, however, was decided, and after the discussion of a few matters of detail, the meet- ing adjourned till Wednesday next. TESTIMOKIAL TO A DISTRICT CONSTABLE.-Dis trict Constable Ransom, af Port Cygnet, some time ago received such injuries while in the execution of his duties as to necessitate his applying to be allowed to retire on a peusioii j and Government having acceded to the request, the inhabitants of the port got up a subscription for Mr. Ransom, aud collected for mm the nice little sum of close upon £11», which has just beeü presented to him along with an address testifying to the esteem which the subscribers haT for him, and their appreciation of the faithful uianucr in which he performed his duties while stationed at Port Cygnet. Tho address with Mr. Ransom's reply appear in our advertising columns. FOOTBALL.-A match took place yesterday on the City football ground, between the juniors of the Hutchins' and City Bchools, which resulted in a victory for the HutcluW school, the players of which obtained one goal kicked by A. Turner. Those who most distinguished themselves were (for the Hutchins' school) H. Dawes (captain), F. Knight, C. Wobstor, F. Murphy, A. Butler, P. Butler, R. Pope, and P. Roe ; (for the City school) W. Brownell (captain), E. Johnson, R. Moore, H. Evoui, V. Ellis, B. Walch, L. Pike, and 0. Down ward. , ST. JOHN'S ASSOCIATION,-Tho intended publie rehearsal this evening of Dickens'«, great broach of promise ease Bardell ». Pickwick,' by member* of the above awojitina. hw bat« pwtpoaed «util TASMANIAN SCHOLARSHIPS.-It is notified that the annual examination of candidates for Tasmanian Scholarships will commence on Monday, October 1st. Every youth desiring to become a candidate for these ¡scholarships is required to send in his name to tlio Council at least one week before the first day of the examination, end to furnish proof satisfactory to tho Council that he is qualified ac- cording to the Act to become a candidate. AMATEUR OPERATIC PERFORMANCE.-Wo again remind our readers that Verdi's grand opera li Travatore is to be rendered this evening at the Theatre Royal by a number of well-known lady and gentleman amateurs. The arrangements for making the performance a rich musical triumph are, we understand, most complete ; and coupling with this the fact that the proceeds ore to be given to the widow and orphans of the late Mons. Del Sarte, we'sincerely trust that we shall see at the theatre to-night a "bumper" house. We may mention, for the information of our readers, that tho only entrance to all parts of the theatre will be by the front door in Campbell-street ; and that holders of reserved beats in the dross circle ore particularly requested to take with thein the cards containing the numbers of box and seats secured, so as to prevent confusion and disappointment. FANCY DRESS BALL.-A grand Fanoy Dress Ball in connection with the Mercantile Assembly is announced to take plaoo at Webb's Room, on Wednesday evening, tho 3rd October; and judg- ing from what we hear outside, it is likely to be very numerously attended. City POLICE COURT.-At this court yesterday (before W. Tarleton, P.M., and Dr. Blyth, J.P.), a man named Patrick Walsh pleaded guilty to the charge of disturbing the peace, and was fined 5s., or in default 7 days' imprisonment ; and a man named Eli Barnes, charged with having driven a dray without lights along the Huon road on the night of the 4th inst., also pleaded guilty, a.n.d was fined 10s. and costs, with t'IÇ a.lternative of 14 days' imprisonment. My. Q. Orisp" is set down on the rpst^c for attendance, as ?'magia trato at the court to-day. DELICATE OPERATION AT THE HOSPITAL,-The rare operation of "Ovariotomy" was yeBterday afternoon performed by Dr. E.' L. Crowther at this institution, before a company of nearly all the medical men of Hobart Town, and a tumor weigh- ing over 1 lib. was extracted from the abdominal cavity. The patient had been, a sufferpr fqr márty years, a,nd >ve are tqld js progressing favourably, considering the gravity of'the case. 'This is said to be about the fourth similar operation in Tasmania, the patient« in »11 the other cases having died, BO.\RU UP BJDPOATIÜN.^-A meeting of the Board of- Education was oalled for yesterday afternoon, but the only members present were Messrs. Tarle- ton and Whyte, and the meeting consequently lapsed for want of a quorum. SNAKES.-A whip spake waa killed yesterday ii} ^t. David's Churchyard. The reptile had. probably found its' way/ there from (he hay n¡arjte,t (¡lose, hy, As'this description qf snake is, very venornous., it \yqu.I4"qe WQll fal" nur- sogirla and children to avoid playing in the old churchyard, whicli is certainly in a most dilapidated condition, tho gravestones being mostly overgrown with briars and weeds, and many of the graves and vaults dangerous from having fallen in. A correspondent writing r¡\\\ \h\a yibjcijt,^ says thilt tlio atyte of litany of tho last resting-places of perena ¿ho, 1,4ve pláyy'd a pjùrçinem) po,r/| in this colony is a refleetum 'on tjieir relatives, many pf whoñi live in affluence almost wfthjn. «iaht of the p'lftoa where their father's pr mother's grave is oo. vered with docks and tbistlos, I hold that tho olaim of relatives upon tho kindly sympathies of those surviving them does not'cease at death, but that the Fifth Commandment is applicable to their remains, âKQNÇAVKOUa CoMBumioN.-The finding of the Wreck Commissioner in tho case of the Aniadine has been printed by the Board of Trade. It is to the effect that this vessel was lost by spontaneous combustion among the coaj, which, fqrmecl part of the cargo. Jn \i\e judgment which accoiiipames the finding, the Commissioner states that ventilation conduces to spontaneous combustion in coal cargoes, ami refers for full explanations to the report of the Royal Coii)npss)qn* qi( the »tibject (¡f spontaneous combustion, of which au abstract appeared in The Time» of August 17th laat year, Tho circumstances which inclined the opinion of the Court to the theory of spontaneous combustion were the fact that there was much breakage in the coal before it reached the ship's hold, that it was shipped in a wet condition, and that there was no évidence that it did not contain iron pyrites which are known to bo apt to become oxydated alid so to generate heat. ^?2'j/iie« AFRICAN EXPLORATION*,-The Royal Geographical Society have appointed a special ejfueijvivq com- mittee' tor the purpose of forming a fund, towards which they have contributed a first grant of £500, "to initiate a national undertaking for tho sys- tematic and continuous exploration of Africa." In a circular just issued the committee îepublish the minute to this effect, passed by the Council last March, together with a programmo of routes sug- gested for exploration or more cal efni examination, and a sketch-map showing what had been done by African travellers. The Council wish to take thou* part in "laying open the wl'ole interior of Africa to*'civilisation1 and*European commerce," nnd they now appeal foi- contributions. Sir Rutherford Alcock ' is the chairman of the special committee, and the Prinoo of Wales is patrol) of the exploration fund. A Bi'üDH.vT IN TifE BASKS.- Sir Bartle Frere, in his address to the animal general meeting of tho Public Library at Capo Town, gave tho following illustration of the use of free libraries :-" At Kurrachee, in India, where the library, as here, was open to all comers, there was a man whom I used to observe, a private in a Queen's regiment, who had neither a corporal's stripe nor a sergeant's stripe on his arm, and, though a very good and steady mau, did not aspire even to be a corporal. But this private soldier was most constant in his attendance at the library, and I was curious to knqw what was his course of reading,and I found he had been reading the works of Joreiny Bontliam straight through, from beginning to end. I would ask you to consider the amount of determination and philosophical spirit that must have, been iii that man to moko him go steadily through the works of Jeromy Bentham, volume by volume. Ho had got through, I think, ten volumes, which I found he had read and thoroughly studied, for I found ho know very well what their contents were. But how did ho manage it Î I found he never took two volumes running. He always took one or two good novels and re- freshed himself between the volumes of Bentham, after the dry heights of political science, by reading Thackeray or Dickens. -Cape Argus. THE LVIE GRAND DUKE OK HESSE-DARMSTADT. -The late Grand Duke ¡B succeeded, not by his brother, Prince Cholles, bu«* by Jps neghow, Prince Louis of Hesse, son-in-law of the Queen, Prince Charles died nn the 21st of March last, aged «IS. By this e*. etvfc the Prince«* Alice of England become» Grand Duahess of Hesse-Darmstadt, Tho lato Grand Duke was a Knight of the Order of the Garter, and his nephow mid successor holds the same dignity. WHAT'S EXPECTED OP A GOVERNESS.-The Times publishes the following reply by a clergyman's wife to a young lady advertising for the situation of governess :-" June 7. Madam,-lu reply to your letter of this morning I beg to say we are desirous of meeting with a governess for our four elder chil- dren-two girls and two boys-their ¡iges-' aro,' 5f, 7, U, and i respectively, ftú)-g¡i's. have' not*yet got beyond simple tunes in music. Are you a good needlewoman and can you cut out ami make chil- dren's frook« ? As I should require you to attend to their wardrobes, assist with other sewings, wash and dress the two elder boys, dress the gills' hair, to walk out with them, mid to mako yourself gonerally useful, would you on an emeigoiioy object to help to make tho beds and wash up the bieakfast and tea things ? Arc you a member of the Church of England and a coiiiuiuuicant ?" The salary offered to a lady possessing all those desirable and useful accomplishments was £20 per annum. 