THE WAB IN EUUOPE. FKOK AN AMEWCAN POINT 01' V1KW. , War is shaking bia spear in old liuropc— Thore'e a prospect of murderous work; The Turk curls his uose et the Uasstaa— < The Russian looks black at tbo Turk; | Tbo Gorman is watching tbo Frenchman— Mounseer bridgos up at Meinhcer; And tbo dark scowl of proud Kaiser Joseph 1b rcturnod by Italia the Fair. The IJon that dwells on an island, But covers the oarth with bis paws, Is watching and waiting in silence, The vol vet .concealing bis o)a vb ; A thrill wakes the Blow pulse of Asia— Khans and Caliphs arming their hosU; I And grim Death with his baton stands ready ! To marshal his legion of ghosts. Shall we woep as we see them preparing To scatter each other like chaff; It really seems scarcely decorous At othors' misfortunes to laugh f Go to! Lot these kings butt eath other | Till they flatten tbo crowns on their heads; j Wo will grin when tho war fairly opens, I And laugh loudor the farther it spreads. ' O shade of tho great Wooden Nutmeg! I O ghost of the Ligneous Ham! Shall your virtue* be once more diseovered i 'Neath the folds of the Turk's oriflammo? 1 In camp on tho banks of the Danube J Shall ye make the bold Kuss curse bis food? j If so, this war won't be an ill-wind ] That bloweth to nobody sood. —San Franeiuo li'moi latter. Advice to Mo thebb !—Are yon broken in your rest :by a'sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth? Goat once to* chemist and get a bottle of Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Sybcp. It will relieve the poor sufferer im mediately. It is perfectly harmless and plea sant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes "at bright aa a button." It soothes the child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, ana is the beat known remedy for dyscnteiy and diarhcca, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers evetywhere at Is IJd per bottle Manufactured at 493 Oxford-street, London. "'Berkeley, Sept., ,1869.—Gentlemen, I feel it a duty I owe to yon to express my gratitude for the great .benefit I have derived by taking ' Norton^ Camomile fills.' I applied to your aijent, Mr. Bell, Berkeley, for the above- named Pills, for wind in the stomach, from which I suffered excruciating pain for a length x>f time, having Wed nearly every remedy prescribed, Cut without deriving any benefit at alL After taking two bottles of your valuable pills I was quite restored to my usual state of health. Please give this publicity for the benefit of those mo may thus be afflicted.—I am, Sire, yours truly. Henry Allfabs.—To the Pro prietors of Nomon'b Camomilk Pilm." Wholesale Agents for Queensland—Messrs. Berkley & Taylor, Wholesale Druggists, Brisbane. Valuable Discovery for the Hair.—If your hair is turning grey or white, or falling off, use "Hie Mexican Hair Benewer," for it will poriltvely restore in every erne Grey or White httir to its originsl colour, without leaving tftedis agreeable smell of most "Beetoiers." It makes the hair charmingly beautiful as well as pro chemist Cor "Tub Mexican Hair Rkmkwkb," prepared by Henry C. Gallup, 403 Oxford Street,London, and sold by Chemist® and Per fumers everywhere at 3s 6d per Bottle: Throat Affboitons and Hoarsenem. —All suffering from irritation of the throat and hoarseness will be agreeably surprised at the almost immediate relief afforded by the use of "Brown's Bronchial Troches." These famous '.'Jozenges" are now sold by most respectable chemists in this country at Is ltd per box. People troubled with a "hocking cough," a "alight cold," or bronchial affections, cannot try them too soon, as similar troubles, if al lowed to progress, result in serious,Pulmonary end Asthmatic affections. See that the words "Brown's Bronchial Troches" are on the Government Stamp around each box.—Manu factured by John I. Brown & Sons, Boston. I CnitedStatcs. Depot,4930xford-str.,London. Plorilinb!—Fok the Tectii and Brratil —A few drops of the liquid "Ploriline" snrinked On a wet tooth-brush produces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, (unions the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly-whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It re moves all unpleasant odour arising from de cayed teeth or tobacco smoke. "The Fra grant Ploriline," being composed in part of Honey and sweet herbs, is delicious to the taste, and tbe greatest toilet dieoovery of tile age. Price 2s 6d, of all Chemists and Per fumers. Prepared by Henry C. Qalluf, 493 Oxford-street. London. 675 TAIXOE BEJOTSEBS'tSJJSTAED.—The "Chal lenge" brand (double superfine quality) is celebrated for its pungency, and purity of flavor. Steam Mills, Brick Lane, London, i Export Chicory Mills, Bruges, Belgium. 070 TAYLOR. BROTHERS' HOMCEOPATHIO OOOOA. —This original preparation, which has at tained such a world-wide reputation, is manu factured by Taylor Brothers, under the ablest homoeopathic advice, aided by the skill and experience of the inventors, and will bo found to combine in an eminent degree the purity, line aroma, and nutritious property of the fresh nut. TAYIAR BROTHERS' SOLUBLE OHOOOLATE, AKD OOOOA. AKD MILK, are made in one minute without boiling. TAYI/1R BROTHERS' Choodl&te; Creams, Chooo l&te; tan Tablets, Chooolate Drops and Morar rtlli OhoooIitS are highly delicious and whole, come.—Packed inasupcriorand elegant manner. TAYLOR BROTHERS' HARAVILLA OOOOA. —Taylor Brothers, London, having the exclu sive supply of this unrivalled Cocoa, invite companion with any other Cocoa for Purity— fine Aroma—Sanative, Nutritive and Sustain ing Power. One trial will establish it an a favorite beverage for breakfast, lunubeou, and Soothing Kclreshnient after a late evening. f-vp-nVI.. ,■ 