[?] Mr. W. Thomas, an old resident of Mort lake, shot himself through the head oa the 12th inst. The jury returned a verdict of suicide under temporary insanity at the in quests Mounted-constable Haggcr found the dead body of a German named 1'foff in a paddock belonging to a farmer named Gagger, situated in the vicinity of Gnawarric, on May 16. It is surmised that the deceased expired on Mon day last. The man is supposed to have died in a fit. As evidence of the strong interest felt in the late general election, a country paper states that an old gentleman named O'Maley, who is within a few months of 100 years old, walked five miles to register his vote for Grant. At Daylesford Mr. Robert Cross, aged ninety-six, took the same trouble to exercise the franchise. A young man named Robert Jones was taken to the Inglewood hospital on the K2th inst. with his left hand shattered by the bursting of a gun white!, out shooting at Wright's farm, Muddy Waterholc3. Upon examination it was found that amputation was necessary. The operation wa3 per formed by Dr. Crosland, in the absence of the resident surgeon, Dr. Hearn, To our judgment, says the Ararat Adver tiser, tho members of the Ararat Shire Coun cil have taken the only thorough course to solve the difficulty of tho closed roads ques tlon, and that is the very simple and plainly proper expedient of calling a conference of local bodies to meet in Melbourne at an early data. Scarcely any two 3hire councils in the colony have arrived at a conclusion in the matter, and a3 the subject is a most im portant one, the sooner the difficulties sur« rounding it be cleared away the better. At the Sandhurst Police Court on Satur day, Miohael CrimmingB was charged with personating a voter at the Back Creek booth on the previous day. Mr. ^\ rixon appeared for the defence. Constable Barry Btated that the prisoner had been given into cus tody by Mr. Sydney G. Cole, the returning officer at Baok Creek, for attempting to per« sonate another voter, but he did not appear, and consequently tho prisoner was dis charged. It appears that a voter, whose name was on tho roll, was absent in New South Wales, and his wife, not liking to lose . tho vote, asked this man to go and vote aa his proxy, which he did through sheer igno rance, not seeking to personate the other man. but voto for him. A sad accident happened oa Saturday last to Robort Jones, a lad oighteea Years of ago, in tho employ of Mr. AVilliaiu Wright, far^ mer, of Muddy Watorholea. It appears from what we can leara that Mr. Wright had occasion tojeaye home for a few hour? on Saturday morning, and iu his abaenco Jones took a guu and went out with the avowed intention of Bhootiag some native companions. The persons at the farm heard him lire aovoral shots, and then noticed that a long intorval ensued. Suddenly Jones was noticed coming in the direction of the house, aud was obsorve.il to stagger several times, and at last to fall down. Thoy went to his assistance aud found that ho was iu a .faint ing condition, resulting from loaa of blood, and upon oxaminatiou it was fouud that bia left haud was terribly mutilated, presumably by tho bursting of the guu with whiob. he had beou shootiug. Efforts wera made, with. partial success, to stop tho bleeding, aud tho sufferer was at ouco ^brought into the Ingle wood Hospital, 'a distance of about eight miles. The haud was at ouod amputated at tho wrist by Dr. Croalaud. By tho latest accounts Jones was procroasing favorably. Tho Sandhurst Court ot Assiaa was opened before Chief Justice Stawell on Tuesdays Mr. Chomloy prosecuted ou behalf of tho Crown. William Dunleary pleaded guilty to uttering a forged cheque, and waa remanded for aoutouco. Jouu Wilson and Johu Fixirna wero charged with burglary ou two counts. They pleaded not guilty, and wero imdeteudod. After tho evidence thoy both addressed the jury, con. tending their inuoecuce. The jury returned a verdict ot guilty, aud the prisoners wero remanded for euuiteueo. lvobort Piorco Wilson, charged with araou, pleaded uot guilty, ami waa undefended. Tho jury, however, found him guilty, wid he vraaN re manded for Bcmteuce. William Dun« loary* fouud guilty of uttering, was romaudod to next Circuit Court. The fol« lowing prisoner* were sentenced :— John Wilson aud John F^lms, for burglary, tho former to two years, and the lat&r; to four years' imprisonment; K. V, Witoon, for areou, two yeaiV imprisoameut, with hard labor, On Thursday, the 17th inat., Chin Ah You was charged with haviug wil fully jnurdorod Another Chinaman named Tang Ah Kin, at Jaokwa Plat, a few weeks since. Mr. Holm defended the prisoner. AUor tho evldonoo had been taken, the jury gave a verdict of manslaughter against the prisonor,' who wm aeutouoed t« two yews' imprisonment with h*rd labor. Aa be man, leaving tho dock the prisoner remarked that he would sooner bejianged. . A ghost haa made its appearance in the onion district of Bellarine, The Advertiser eays : — ' A well-known resident, on return* ing home from Portarlingtoa a few evenings ago, somewhere inthe small hoars, saw as he approached his residence what to him ap peared to be the figure of a woman in on erect attitude, but motionless. Bound the head of the spirit was a dim halo, which looked supernatural, and the features bone a strong resemblance to those of » young ladjr of the district, who, unfortunately for the advocates of spiritism, is still living. With the courage of his race, he made towards' her spiriiahip, and was about to ask the reason of so late a visit, when to his amazement the; figure proved to be a 'Walker,' for it soon diaanneared with Ikrhtnini; sneed across the onion fields into utter darkness. The onion grower, on seeing thia, took to hia heels, and waa soon safe inside a bolted door, bat' so overcome was he with fright that he swooned away — a circomatance that to him never oc curred before. Th8 gho3t h*3 caused great excitement in the locality. A watch' will no doubt be instituted, and very likely some medium will be introduced in order to ascer tain, if p03aible, the object of thi3 visit from the spirit land. The lady whom the figure resembled ha3 become very seriou3, and the auper3titioa3 expect something awful to happen at Bellarine shortly.' 