GYM PIE; FROJl OUE 0W5T COBHE$P*Xl)KNT.; .■ ..■■ • July 2. ■ A '• Wbll-ksowx Hostbley—HiseioiPTEBS Nktbb oiye Satisfaction—Gyxfib's Tues Now—A ITosmtssx of Stupidity—Wai ijsidTeowsees—Gyxpie Jlnftxo llrssrat— AShow—A Eich Cake—Isfkactioxs opTdc jKkEeOT^ATXOSS.: . y _ ! The .well-known hostelry, yclept Croaker's Korthdmherland ; Hotel, has been sold toMr. Mnnay, of Maryborough. If the ' tiew pro prietor .conducts that' place on the same prin ciples as tbo old proprietor, the advocates for the prohibition of the liquor traffic, "will derive no support for'their arguments by using his place as an illustration.. Gentlemen who undertake the work of hsndi capping for any races rarely, if ever, giye com plete satisfaction. -In taking that work in hand they undertake an onerous work; in which they' will be pretty srire to displease" some. ~ Either an owrtri^s horse is too heartly weighted, or his opponent is let m too lightly.' bot- long since' it was the Maryborough handicsppers who got so roughly handledon the wore of so arranging the weights that no. Southern h'orae. stoodrthe* ghost of a "chance/ 'How- it is the turn1 of'the Gympie/handicappera. Their recent work has been the- snbjeccof some-cor respondence here. Orie' eorrespondent says-^ *l The Gyxnpie handicappingfbr 1877 will long remain a' monument of stupidity, incompetence, and carelessness combined^' X believe it is ad zoitted that in one or two- instances an error has occurred in the adjustmentof the weights, but I do not believe public "opinion generally bears out the above whoksale'statemenfc. « - • • : Wangh Hing, the Celestial whose trousers contained the envied lining I spoke: of in- my last, has been committed for trial-upon the . charge of disposing of a portion of his property without accounting to the assignee in the es tate. . ~The Gympie Mining Museum Committee have made arrangements for the formal open ing of that building, by two lectures by. Mr. Staiger. Our Agricultural, Mining,andPastoral Society held a meeting lately at which they decided on a code of rules, and discussed the' propriety of Abiding their first show in September. \- 7 and 8 South Moakl&nd; and 7 Lady Marr hare both recently given splendid cakes of gold, the " cake " in each case weighing over 2,000 ounces. The shareholders in the latter claim have just presented their manager with a; gold watch and chain. Mr. G. Argo is the manager of that lucky claim. //'•" - Mr. PengtHy {the'Crbwh I*snds Banger) has been making his-presence felt by summoning various parties for the infraction of the timber Regulations* • -• •' ': - 