the dinner! Tho dinner wtw held 111 that ancient build ing ouce known as tlio Dnlrymplc Hotel, but it glory appears to have departed, and it now forms' an adjunct to the Princess ot Wales' Hotel, of which, it is almost unneces sary to say, the well-known and hosnitablo hast, Mr. S. Gordon is the proprietor. The room, which was extremely well decorated, and which, in its renovated state; must bnvo astonished the ghosts of its foribcr occupants, was well filled, and the spread reflected great credit on the caterer. U. H. Green, Ebq., of Goomburra, occupied tho clinir, and the Mayor of Allora, F. Kates, Esq., tho vice- chair. After tho good things hod received undoubted and close attention, Tbe Chaiuman proposed — ,4 The Quecu and the Royal Family," which was, of course, received right loyally, Air. Kates, in complimentary terms, then proposed— 44 Tho health of Mr. Mnckay." Air. AIaokay said be did not expect that hi namo would have been- brought forward so early in tho evening; and, in tlmuking them for. tho honor they bad done him, would state that ho had done no more than anyone else could have done. Hi opinion was thnt there was no work that hud been done by one .nuin but some other man could be found who would have done it ctpiaUy well. He wa glad to be amongst friends— ho certainly had found friends everywhere, but he rather meant, us they say iu Scotch, " aimingst kent face." Ninevenrsagohcluid passed through this neighborhood, and there ccrtaiuly had been great change slnco theu. This Dal- iymplc valley— for it was moro like a valley than a plain— reminded him . very much of tho tinnta Clara valley in California iu it appearance, soil, nutl produc tiveness. The valley of Santa Clara is not only well known in California, but is renowned for Its fertility throughout the whole qf the United State-. Our climate, however, is very much hiiporior to theirs ; they have no summer rains, and tho winters are wet nud soddcu. . I11 tho valley of finntra Clara the laud is very valuable, und a large proportion of its inhabitants ore ubHtantiul and prosperous men, more ko than in any )nrt of the country ho vifiitcd. Men who lave accumulated weath, as miner or mer chants in various part of the States, have settled there. A gentleman nuincd- 1'carco hud 250 acre of strawberries, for which he had 'a complete system of- irrigation. Cali fornia was u great fruit-growing country, and, it wc had. in many respects, a similar climate, lie saw no reason why Queensland should not be so also, He wns sure that if the peoplo of Australia knew this Dulrymplc valley and the land" in its neighborhood to, be a good as it really was, it would soon be ns eagerly soucht after as Uic land in Hantn Clara was in California. He wns bound to Kay that he hod neon no land in Cnlifomin equal to thnt through which the railway poMps -betweon tho Alain Range and Allonu In Amerieu the railways, which are all owned by companies, nro very, accommodating, be cause their owners see 44 dollars on the other side of it." He wns sqrry that the entries to the ploughing match bad not been ko numerous as expected ; but be himself knew of three men in the Brisbane district who had fully made up tlicir minds to come, but who. 011 accouut of tho blacksmiths' strike in Brisbane could uot do so. In a few years ho hoped thnt the yield of .wheat in tho Allora district would, instead uf beiug 50,000 bushels, bo 509,000. California in 1852 was spoken of as being bnrren, Aud a nhlp was iu that year sold for a ton of onion, but| the other day he travelled through 200 miles of wheat in one of itH valleys, and the amount of wheat sout into San Francisco won some thing fabulous. 'Their yield i not twenty- five to thirty bushel to the acre ns in this district, -although thoy ' irrigate extensively. He wished to make nn nppeal on bebnlf of thu exhibition to be held in Sydney very shortly, for many Aincricnus would lie there. He wished thorn to scud wheat in two- bushel parcels, aud he hoped tliat inauy would do ko, and not only wheat, but any other special products of tbe district. Let them remember tho American maxim— "dollnrs aro on the other side of it." (Cheer.) Mr. Green projtoscd the health of 44 The Successful Competitors," and in doiug bo said that he was sorry . that the conqietition had l>en confined to the Warwick nud Allora district. It wo neither compliuiontaty to the committee who ntmlc the prize so large and attractive, nor wo it crcditublo to the other districts of thceolony. Were Uiey afraid of the Warwick men ! If so, the committee could not help it, they could not prevent them comuctuig and they ,(thc Warwick men) must hold the championship imti! it was takcu awny from them. He maintained that it wns a disgrace to tbe other districtM of the colony thnt they did noL compete after tho extraordinary facilities offered them by tho Railway Department, aud by nut doing so they coufcKKCd simply .that thoy could not. (Cheers.) He uoped that full publicity would be given to hi remark, niul that they would be taken 0 a qlmlleugc by tlio other districts of the colony. " (Cheers.) Air, Geo, Free having briefly replied. Mr. A Free being called responded, and stated that if there wo one thing moro than another that he wo proud of, it wo the work of the youngHter. He hinisolf Celt mdtumod of their coming there from Warwick and whining so oftcu, (laughter), und he would like to see other take the prize. Thero was ouo little matter he meant to pcuk about although it hod nothing to do with ploughing. He !>ciicvcd that 4000 bushel uf wheat hud liecit completely destroyed this year iu the Wurwick district from liad stacking, it was all veiy well to say have bums, Cut people could not alwu' afford it, but every ono cotdd learn in a couple of day to build a stack 0 that no min could get into it. Mr. W. B. Blade proposal " Tho Judges, coupled with the mime of Mr, Crawford." Air. Crawford, in rcUmdug thanks, said that although iu judgiug the ground they couhl unt please all, yet he was lwppy that their decisions luul bceu upproved of by the majority year after year. Their motto was 44 a fair field und no favor," and thoy judged in the main by the rules ami i>cciflcatious laid down by tuc committee. He thought if the present cbaatpious were to be displaced it would lc by the new generation of plough men risiug up. Tho next toast, 44 The Committee," having been duly huuorcd and rctqKindcd .to by Air. Blade, Air. Kates, iu also responding, said thnt the yield of wheat iu the district was increas ing rapidly. .The 5'.»,lXK) bushel of wheat of this year would be . iiicreiotcd to 150,000 bushels iu two year time. 40,000 acres would produce flour sufficient for the whole population of the colony ; and had not the iaiuH bccu locked up by Luul legislation, aiul wopjo admiuistration, these acres would be uuw under crojj. A it was, large proprietor would soon find it to their interest to sell out or let the land for' cultivation. Wc should soon bo in u position to supply the whole of the colony with flour, and > oveu export it ; and when wc -endeavored to comj>e(c iu tlio markets of the world tlie best machinery nud economy of production would bo iicceKSJiry, (Cheers.) Air. Traill, in roplyiug to tlie toast uf "Tbe Frcss." sold he hopetl the other dis trict of tho colony would takcup Mr. Green's chullcugc. He thought, however, that tlio steam plough Would k>ou u)>cn»ede tbe horwu pfotign 011 these plains, it might not be jjossiblc for single furoiers to obtain them, but if fhur fomietl themselves into 44 Grange " or 44 Guild," n tho farmers do in America, the difficulty would be easily over come. 44 The \ion, Secretary " having been pro posed and briefly responded to by Air. Cameron, , 44 The Chairman," proposed by the Rev. H. j. Campbell, closed the lietof toasts. Mr. Green, in replying, said thnt ho hoped to see these plains not only feeding sheep, but waving with corn. (Cheers.) ;Jf tho land became too valuable 'for grazing purposes, they would, no doubt, very soon bo brought under tillage. Tho eomjiany dispersed shortly before eleven o'clock. 