ODDS AND. ENDS FROM THE OLD WORLD. -6 The Arctic expedition has returned, with little gain though, much less. They seem to have gone a little farther and fared a little worse in point of cold at least than any previous adventurers on the same perilous track. In spite of the ignis fatuus of poetry and romance which flickers about such enterprises, I must confess a prosaic doubt, like that of Dickens's Charity-boy at the end of the alphabet, whether it was worth going through so much to learn so little. However, folks in Sydney will be glad to learn that Captain Nares is to receive the honour of Knighthood. And we shall probably gain some valuable lessons from the fatal cases of scurvy which occurred during the most severe labours of the expedition in spite of the abundant supply of wholesome provisions and anti-scorbutics. At present, the best opinion seems to be that a mistake was made in increasing the quantity of alcoholic stimulant on occasions when great fatigue, superadded to intense cold, increased the danger from reaction. But the most useful lesson we can draw from this attempt at Polar exploration will be-not to repeat it ! The Lord Mayor's procession is jostling Captain Nares' sledges and icebergs in every print shop window ; not an inappropriate conjunction, considering the bitter coldness of the 9th of November. But the biting frost-wind caused no reduction of the gases at the great city pageant. It merely added-as Dr. John- son might have phrased it the dignity of martyrdom to the pleasure of gratified curiosity. The line of progress was thronged, I believe, beyond example with a mixed multitude city folk, country visitors, and a sprinkling even of the West-end. After all, a Lord Mayor's show, though often ridiculed, is not really contemptible. We call it an angel monism, and think we have made a clever Mt. Yet surely it is not an inappropriate link between the past and the present. Something of the magnificent spirit of the old mercantile guilds- the spirit which found expression in the costly quaint ness of mediaeval pageantry must still survive in a city now worthier than ever of the merchant princes who preside over its destinies. <{ Howsoe'er these things may be," there is no falling off in the splendour of this annual civic show. There was a new feature in the procession of last week, which not only was a godsend to the sightseers, but seems especially appropriate to the year in which the Queen of England has been first recognised as Empress of India. Light trained elephants, glittering with " barbaric pearl and gold," marched in the line and performed their novel duties with all Z the stately self-possession of their race. No doubt it was as easy to sneer as to applaud ; but the latter is the pleasanter perhaps the whole some- line. Meanwhile every one seems agreed that the new Lord Mayor, Sir Thomas White, will fill the civic chair right worthily. He made a very good figure at the " inaugural" banquet. ~ But of course the great interest of the occasion lay in the Ministerial speeches, especially Lord Beaconsfield's. I must say a few words of the Premier's address, as together with Prince Gortschakoff circular and the Czar's Moscow speech, it has been much quoted by alarmists on the Continent. That the Russian war-party should professedly -perhaps really receive it as a menace is not to be wondered at They have been playing the game of brag so vigorously- frightening Europe from its propriety by appeals to international hatred and boasts of religious fanaticism, while these wordy threats are palpably backed by ostentatious enlistment of volunteers for Servia and mobilisation of army corps that they cannot ' conceive how a Government really desirous of peace should speak with calm, pride of the moral and material reRdiuesa.of^tUe nj»tipjij» undertake add t ' -J-? [J f "w'' ' "really a 'I "<J/¡> i s -r» maintain a great war if the only alternative she dishonour, But in England, the speech' ' though here and there too rhetorical and not simple enough for the highest order of statesmanship, has, or. the whole, produced rather a! reassuring effect, Read next ought to be, inJ , connection with Lord Derby's published instructions to our Ambassador' at St., Petersburg, it shows that our Government still keep in view the three great objects for which England ought to strive in this Etta tern crisis, the maintenance of the peace of Europe, the cure of that Turkish misrule which ministers so much occasion for hostilities, and the preservation of the territory of the Porte in. its integrity. The last of these objects of coarse has a two-fold aspect our duty under a solemn treaty and our interest in check ing the capacious ambition of Russia With regard to the first of these three objects,) which ought to be common to all they Great Powers, some little advance has, I think, been made since I wrote last The armistice, as I expected, has become a fait accompli, and the positions of the belligerents in Servia and Montenegro respectively, are being marked out by well-chosen Commissioners. Provision, too, has been made for an extension of the armistice, as occasion may require. As to the second object, it is difficult' to be sanguine. There seems, indeed, no reason to doubt that the projected conference of the great Powers will come off at Constantinople, commencing its labours early next month. But how it will come on in the performance of its anomalous and complicated task is a less simple and less hopeful question. Bosnia and the Herzegovina indeed may, without material loss to the Sultan, though perhaps with some sacrifice of his dignity, be placed on a footing similar to that on which Servia enjoyed such singular prosperity, till in an evil hour she submitted to be the cat's paw of Russia, Their population (or at least that of the Herzegovina, for the number of Bosnians who are Mahometans, though of Sclavi descent, offers a serious) difficulty) is sufficiently homogeneous to make self-government practicable, and a small tribute to a faineant Suzerain will not really interfere with the substantive independence of the vassal State. But when we come to contemplate any form of autonomy for Bulgaria the difficulties appear almost insuperable. The materials are wanting. As Tom Ingoldsby so touchingly remarks, " There's a proverb which each one allows here You never can make a silk purse from a boy's ears' With no genuine civilization or aristocracy of intellect with " Greek " and " Latin " Christians beating each other as ignorant and priest ridden bigots only can hate-with a dominant Turkish minority too considerable to be either ignored or eliminated, Bulgaria seems as little prepared for self-government as the forest dwellings of the Jacksons. No doubt much might be done to improve the conditions of the inhabitants, whether Christian or Moslem, by getting rid of the irregular troops, for whose savage excesses Turkey was paying; so dear, and introducing a system of even-handed justice without respect of creeds with civilised arrangements for collecting the revenue without water or extortion. Something like this will probably be attempted! at the Conference ; but it can only succeed in! defiance of the wishes and. efforts of Russian Her representatives have g often their cue from' head-quarters, which, is, clearly that of cavilling and raising obst actions. I said in? my last letter that Russia looked on the armistice as time given for preparing was rather than for establishing peace, and would make the question of ga arantees the pretext for appealing to arms 'if she found herself strong enough. This purpose of wrangling about guarantees as a pretence for " acting independently "-or, in plain words, for military occupation of Turkish territory-?? has now been distinctly avowed both by the Czar and his Chancellor r. But will she find' herself strong enough ? " I doubt it, said the Carpenter." She has shown her hand too hastily, and thrown away some of her best cards. The fact that some nine thousand Servians mutilated themselves to avoid fighting the battles of Russia, while a larger number refused point-blank to fight under the orders of their beloved protectors, is significant enough ; but when we find that their Slavonic sympathies carried them the length of shooting Russian officers in the back, we may safely assume that, if the zeal of Servia for a Turkish war was not originally a fiction, they now at least prefer the Sultan to the Czar as their Suzerain. Roumania, too, will hardly like to see her territory made a thoroughfare for Russian troops on their way to civilise Bulgaria. Austria is evidently alarmed ; and though Prince Bismarck makes no sign, I cannot believe he will consent to Russia's getting astride of the Danube, or taking possession of the Bulgarian fortresses and the passes of the Balkan. But of all, as the lack of allies may hinder the Czar from entering on a war, so the lack of cash must render it difficult for him to maintain one. He cannot stand alone, nor can he raise a loan ! Forgive the pun ; it is " my own thunder." Seriously, however, all three considerations minister hope rather than confidence and no one can feel certain that peace will be prolonged beyond the spring. I still think the Czar will be mainly guided by the attitude of Germany at the Conference. That of England will, I trust, be firm, but not menacing. Lord Salisbury passes for a man too shrewd to be duped and too resolute to be bullied. And it is a curious proof of the changed feeling of the country that the appointment of a man of his decided views as our special envoy has been received with special satisfaction. Indeed the present danger is that the reaction from the late crusading harangues against Turkey will carry English feeling too far in the opposite direction, and produce hostility to Russia beyond what our own honour and interests may require. If these can he peaceably secured, England has no call to meddle in a contest between two barbarous powers. What Turkey is, we have long known. What Russia is, we seemed to have forgotten, but have been most opportunely reminded by recent publications, telling the same tale with recent events. The impression produced by Dr. Schuyler s candid and laborious work has been deepened by Colonel' Burnaby's lighter but not less suggestive sketches in Central Asia ; while, just at this' critical moment, the " Black Book of Poland has appeared, giving a detailed narrative of the horrible cruelties perpetrated by the Russian! Government in suppressing the lost Polish in- surrection cruelties which may yet be avenged should the Czar rashly embark in a war of foreign conquest. Mr. Gladstone has taken' an unlucky time for setting forth the " mission li of "Russian Central Asia. The trade-;! -Moral policy of his" party" in "the English horror of despotic cruelty, whether- Moslem or Muscovite, are both against him. It is well, however, for the i( Liberal"' party that he is Writing himself down as no one else could have done. ' "None hufrihimself'-could Ajax ship overthrow." His best performance in coquetting with a set of ignorant and mischievous agitators by writing of enforced vaccination as an open question seems designed 'to complete the wreck of his own reputation. Even had he been free to forget- or ignore tho«conclueive report of the committee appointed under his own Administration, he was bound to know at least thus much that while the xrajvaccinated are but a small minority - of our population, they furnish a large majority of the deaths from small-pox But Jris delight in unsettling great questions scenes almost morbid. The Lancet very significantly says "'We would urge the importance, of rest-ph ysical and mental-on Mr. Gladstone." Certs iii it is, he has utterly lost his party influence Lord Hartington will for a time be the seal as well as the nominal leader of the Opposition ; but I look on Mr. Forster as the on-coming man." By the way in reading the memoirs of that large-minded, large-hearted Christian, Norman Macleod, who knew a man when he saw him, I found an early prediction that the member for Bradford would one day take a prominent place in politics. The prophecy seems to be already half fulfilled. Monday, November 20.- I revert for a moment to the Eastern question to say that Lord Salisbury sails this morning as Ambassador Extraordinary to attend (the Eastern Conference, at which it is believed he will preside. The Marchioness accompanies him, as well as his accomplished daughter, Lady Maud Cecil-a great advantage to his recep- tions. He does not go direct to Constantinople, but to Paris, Berlin, and Vienna in succession, and then through Italy to Brindisi, where a British frigate will await him. He has been Specially invited by Prince Bismarck to hold what may be sensed a preparatory conference at Berlin-a- fact which, augurs well for peace. 6 2. "The Indian hurricane and the American Presidential election -will both be stale topics ere this reaches Sydney- To the accounts of the former I can add nothing. The latter has been kept in doubt long ago r than would have seemed , possible after Mrs Tilden's early arrival within face vote of the absolute majority required, i Barring foul play;, however, he ought to succeed, and it is very desirable that he should. ] America needs a President of some mark, as well as one politically unconnected with the supporters of General Grant's corrupt Government. Mr. Tilden is at least a man with some European reputation. The fame of Mr. Hayes to borrow a phrase from the "Young Men's Philosophical Society of New York" has not yet pinioned the wide Atlantic; " From " contests " and a platforms " to " tournaments " and boards--. chess-board I mean-is but a genuine transition. And, as I have written of some fair chess fights, I must record the characteristic dodge by which a brilliant English chess- player was, in the final American tournament, kept out of the prize which, in all justice, should have been his. The victory being by the condition assigned to the winner of the largest number of games on the balance, Mr. Bird having already defeated, all his strongest adversaries with the loss of only two games was deliberately left during the final days of the contest without any further opponents. Several of the inferior p Reformers played their games out with Messrs. ST Mason and Dumar-who up to that time stood second and third brought the scores of those Gentlemen up to a majority, and then resigned ! The love of fair play whether in great things or small does not seem to have taken t root in America. Perhaps the novel experiment of political honesty in the Government might lead to more straightforwardness in lesser matters. For the present it seems clear that Britishers" will best maintain the good understanding which between two such countries is of the highest importance by declining all sportive contests with adversaries who carry " smartness " into everything. Apropos of "smart;" folks, the spiritualist " mediums " have been getting a rough time of it. Dr. Slade after a long inquiry was sentenced to three men this with hard labour as a rogue and vagabond. Whatever the fate of his appeal, this will doubtless be a " heavy blow and great discouragement " to this lowest class of jugglers. Directly the sentence was passed, Messrs. Maskelyne and Cooke began exhibiting the state track among their other marvels without disturbing the spirit. of "Allie." These clever operators quite spoil the little game of Spiritualism. Its most abject dupes must confess that the alleged rid of spirits if not un- real is superfluous. The same things are done far better without them. But Dr. Slade has not been the sole martyr to an ill regulated zeal for ghosts and guineas. A Dr. Monck, at Huddersfield, has been convicted on a similar charge, and has received a similar sentence. And since this catastrophe of Dr. No. 2, a "gentle brace," Messrs. Lawrence and Chandler, prof osBorn of the same craft, though they do not style themselves " Doctors," have gotten into a similar escape. They undertook to give a " dark seance " at the East End, and one of them in spite of his confederates' efforts was actually seized and dragged forth while personating a spirit in his shirt-sleeves! Those worthies will also get their due, and will have no chance on appeal, as their fraud was too manifest even for denial. But we have yet to see how far a series of exposures like these will thin the crop of dupes on which such impostors fatten. There is much active Canvassing going on just now for the London School Board, the elections to which take place on the 30th of this month. The friends of the Voluntary Schools will probably make a strong effort, supported, as they are, by the favourable reports of the inspectors as well as by the preference of ratepayers for a comparatively cheap system. It is unlucky that the Board schools, which in London are indispensable, though it would be extreme folly as well as bad faith to aim at their superseding the others, should have been so extravagantly managed. While the Voluntary Schools are educating nearly 300,000 children at least equally well without charge on the rates, there has been nearly a tenfold increase since 1871 in the rate imposed for the Board schools, and its amount for 1876 is within a fraction of £400,000, while the Board has incurred liabilities to the amount of more than two millions and a half. Yet it has confessedly failed in securing the best quality of teaching. 'C'pfe donne apem>er,JLt is clear that the regular.. \----- hill ---as. a II i, !?_»____»___,, , i ,. instructions in the Voluntary schools get more assistance from able volunteers because their system includes direct religious teaching. Whatever be the dangers of sectarianism, we must admit that the attempt to make education purely secular involves a great loss both of zeal in the course and of teaching power. The Bible teaching at some Board schools has, however, happily been very good. One important educational question, to which I recently adverted-that of the evils attendant on " high-pressure competition," has been forced on public attention by a series of painful events at our Universities. Taking Oxford and Cambridge together, there have now occurred no less than fifteen suicides of University men within six years. In every case, the balance of the mind had been impaired by excessive study, combined, in several instances, with the depressing influence of solitary habits. In my six years residence at Cambridge but one such disaster occurred to a gownsman-an Oxford student visiting his brother at the sister University-? and that from a cause in no way belonging to Academic life. That such occurrences should have become comparatively frequent-that such a fate should have lately befallen even the captain of one of our great public schools, a young man of singular promise-is matter for the gravest reflexion. Nothing indeed is more difficult than to check the excesses of emulation ; still it cannot be wholly impossible for those in authority to keep an eye on their reading men, not only as a class, but individually and if, as is believed, solitude as well as overwork has been a predisposing cause, this fact may well check the tendency of our University reformers to exalt the professional above the tutorial system. The college tutor alone can do something towards forming the social habits of his pupils by inviting them, by introducing them to each other, by learning something of their habits of life and personal characteristics, and generally by watching over their conduct and well being and to a certain extent he does discharge these duties, especially in the smaller colleges ; but a " side " of one of the largest colleges is too great a charge for one man. If the college tutor is really to be loco parentis, he must not have too many children November 24\. The mail goes out this evening, and I must add a few words if only to say that there is little change since Monday in the aspect of the Eastern question. That little, however, is in favour of peace. The language addressed by the Czar to Lord A. Loftus, and published by Lord Derby in compliance with the Imperial wish, is indeed as pacific as could be desired insist- ing on that protection to the Christian subjects of the Porte which all Christendom is eager to secure, but treating the imputed designs against British India as an absurd fiction, and emphatically disclaiming all desire for the possession of Constantinople. Unluckily, we cannot forget that little more than three years ago precisely similar assurances were conveyed through Count Schouvaloff to the late Government respecting Khiva, which was, however, seized within a few months, the Emperor's word of honour notwithstanding. "Once bit, twice shy, and I trust Lord Derby will not be thrown off his guard by any amount of fair words. Still, the declaration being avowedly made for the sake of tranquillising European | anxieties has a special value, and has had a favourable effect on the funds. It is rumoured, too, that Lord Salisbury's communications with Prince Bismarck were of the most friendly character. The Times is "about ship" again, eulogising religion and calling for peace at any price not a dignified course, but implying that the conductors of that time- serving journal expect that peace will be preserved. Sir James Fergusson has lost his election for Frome, a result which I regret on other than political grounds. I went to see in the House of Commons a kind of able man not only acquainted with the colonies but heartily interested in their progress. * as a 