DUBBO. [FROM o'» coBREsroxDSxr.l TUF weather here di mg the past "e,,^ has been terribly onprestave The glçs hus reiri tered 110 in tho shade I and, as wo arewitho* the luxury-of ice, and all su/h coil- I mc condiments, ev c the most do- nothing of our residents leed it acutely Htfe»er, the personal chseotufotts felt are i as nothing compnr* wnh the state of tho country winch is the) immediate out'me of such weather Everv Hung green has diannpearad-jpP paddocks- are as bara of grass gs a metalled road »«.tor i» fast disappeauag also, the hot Winds causing a«rv rapid evaporation of the supply The condluon of aft«« « very critical, whether vuvred fro u a Mmtaifdal, t^oultiufj. or Uitorml ituadpennt. Bui noss i , I Js dull with the. former,, tho.farmers have very bad crops, i ani the sauattcrs have no feed for tbo'r stock. Many motes of sheep and caftlo which wero cr lered home after the genial rains (ita few months ago havo bnd io be sent " on the rampage" n*r,iin, und once moro the loads on cverx's-idearo ¡.ned « ith Bhecp ou the look-out for '. pastures n.-w." . We have bad several thunderstorms recently, but little or no rain foil. Indeed, the thunder aud_ lightning ¡nive leen si'cceeded by high wind nnd clouds of "dust, so that the dis- appointment has been disagreeable in more souses than one. Tho Municipal Council have acrepted tenders for ihe creclion of cattle Fnle yards. This is considered tu be> a slop in the right dircc ion. For the pre«oat. prob ibly, the v-nrds will not bo very largely latronised, but as ihc railway advnneos they aie stlio to be much used. The fencine- in of the country which is now coins; on. leave« litile ¡eras« for travelling s'ocic, and therefore, ii it is intended tbntcaitle and -beep ere to reach the metrop ilia in anxnhmg like cuii dition, thtvinust be s>.-nt by railway. Buyers then will como to til« ninrket narest tho flourco of supply, and henee, as Dubbo is right witliin the fait'-ning saltbush country, the sale yards here nro sure to bo well tilled with stork. There is now no public market nearer than Orange, lind this is a want which has been felt in the past and will be more keenly felt in the luture-so that the Muni i ml yards, .tboegh perhaps a little before their time, will be found ii grc.it convenience for producer, consumer, and middleman. \- Tho iuryuieu of Dubbo havo hold several meetings lately to con-icier lh> inadojuaey of tho remuneration they receive whilo nttcniiair Conns of Quarter Sessions and As-i/.e. Alter much deliberation, they adopted this petition, which a now b"'ng signed :-"To tho Honorable the Kxocilive Council of Xe-.v Si.u h Walo«. Tbo poti ion of Ihe under- signed jurymen of the district of Dubbo humbly showe h, that v our "peti lionel s uro in the habit of s?rvin*r tit Quarter Sessions and As«izc Coin-is. That tho fees paid to jurv moti so nttendinir ave incrrosistontlv* low, amounting to 2<. Gd. per diem to nelsons living ia towns, and 4s. per die-ni to persons res ding üvo miles from tho pla -io in which are held the Courts. "Your petitioners respectfully punt out that the seih- of fees now in existence is the rame scale which obtirne' previous to the great increase in w 53a and cost of livhijr that arose (>n the breaking out of tbo gold Ill !s.' That the circumstances of the culmy oro now cn tii- ely diller-m tei what they M ero when the scale was hist promulgate!, mid tbat the tee, which was then con- sidered 11 fair -quid pro quo,' docs not now represent a fourth of it. 'ihit your petitioners could point out many individual coses of 'hntdship arising out of the miserabh fee paid jurymen. On tbo various panels there are n-nnv labourers, nice unie«, nnd others, employed at from "s. to 14«. per dien, iu.| ¡is they, nn- some occisión«-, are sevcml days engaged on jmy service«,'and are paid only'2s. Gd. a .lay, the ppjimiary lo«s sustained by them is 'more than ttèy can aBo d. and is seriously felt bv themselves mid families. '- That your petiti« n*rs respec fully suggest tim Ids. Gd. per diem is the loist remunention that «lio--Id be pnid-fo jurymen, while acting if that capacity. .Th it your petiriins*-s humbly point out that power is given by'the Jurors' Act Amend nent Actîof 1S7G to voir honorable Council to inórense, by proi Initiation of his E-crolkny the .'Governor, the remuneration paid to juror«.' arid trust that, in p irsunnce of such powers given, your Covn iii will at once deem it wise to order the said increase. And vom Dotit'emcis, hoping that their request Will meet .with a favourable coosidcraii m, will, as in duly bound, ever piny." Copies of th-; re'itiön havo b?en sent throughout thÉcountiy, with tho ro.ju'st that it may be adopted in other towns. As gVingsome iden of the diSerens d value of horse sfock. owns to the i'.rought, it may ba mentioned that at the public pound sa!«, held a'.'Dul.boon Thursday last, foti hcir-es Con; of them a nice b o^en-in sadd'e buck) were wild ,for 7«. G1. With fornge su dear-hay £12 per ton, and corn ¡IDs. ¡ er bushel - keeping a horso is a luxury few can afïo d chose times of dro-ight. The Dubbo .Tút-key Club committee met last week, for the first time since the annual i-.icc-s. Tho accounts outstanding '.vore ]uesenicd nud p.i'««e)d fur payment, and a Maiden Plate of £30 ngreed. to. This v.ns o derçd to be advertised ni "nee. An nttn'etive Christmas programme (for Boxing Day) was also a 'opted. 1 i tie Wu.s,e,au-..enommation at Dubbo have had a rather overitful we-'k of it. On Saturday eve.uing, the IvVv. J. A. Nolan, c" arman of tho Bathurst Circuit, and minister in charge of tlio Or.im;e niissiou, delivered at tho Mechanic*' -Instituto Hall a vorj- interestit)*; lecture on '" Ghosts." On Sunday the tcv. gentleman preach*.»! VCM y eloquently and .mpro."*ivcly at the W' a'eynn ch ipel. In the afternoon he de-liVsred a Sabbath-school address, and on Monday, Tues dav, and Wednesday' evening» special religions" services wete held. On Thi,f«duy tv Sins* a nieetintr took place in connection with tho Hoiiio Missionary Soe:iety. Speeches .vi-rc mado by Bivs. J. A. Kolan, C. W. Graham, and o'bers. \- Kvithwitbilanding the dulncss of the times and the sci-.rcity of the circulating m ?Jiiini, the price of and demand for hinde-J piopertv- mm: mues. A collage with half au a.ie ut land, inn pi> tel rh-j town n-arlyhalf a mile fix ni IU business contle, was sol! on >» e-dnesduy by Mr. G. IÎ. Taylor, for £u31. It i« also reported that'two" aces of uu inprove.l l'nd, in Dirliug- slnoi, have changed band.s a' £-100. Twelve mouths ago l'ÖO p-r a-re would havo l-e.-n looked upon as the outside- value of the 1 liter. The wool lins prefix- v-.ell p;ino tbro.i*-h. Al ho'ph the Dioduciiuii lins been Ie««i this vcat- than for som,; MKII-OU pist, the quantity ol wool pns<;nz- thro.igh Dubbo, lia- bee greater. This paradox is a.-joun e 1 for by tbo oneliinir of tbo railway to Gauge. Mach of the- Ca'slh'.ea^h Ri»er clip, whi'h 1'at ni.d pi cvious years u-od to go to Sveiuey via vVnlier.i.iaug, ernie th:s war. A-rl now tint the pèepî< from boro to Walirott, along the (.' istl -re igh and tr'bubtiy "ie>! s ure nsiu-"- their natural huh road, it is to bo hope'l .-he Co 1 mi-sioner f.-r Hoads will do Mvni'thinf-- towards .makin-; the tr.ick betweon hero and Coonamblo fit to travel over. It oight to bo made ii first-class load. Free s*"cciion is pretty quiet tins s-ason. Durin*r thc past two vv o'-ts these were"the oa'.v- appliea-ionn made at th' io a L-nd-otüce:-On November 22: 13th clause, leoben Colbran, 150 acres, county of £.venra ir, paiish 01 Co.l li-iggie. On the 29th-21st clause, William Todhunter, 510 acres, county of Ewenmar, parish unknown; G. J. 3lnckinore, 40 mrjs 2 ii,oli. county 0." Lincoln, jaii-hnl Boomley ; 13th cl.a-i«o-John Hiwkcs, CO acres, couniv- of .Vnrroimne, parish unknown. " . T! e Indifen Famine Fund mr.Toinent has ntfracfed some . t'en''on in thesopirts. £3'3 was sent from Warren ; £;,6 fruin Iluddun Hi-r, a station 00 miles from hore ; and -filüo .his been sub- cribed in tho town. As the times are bid ,tnough with oursohe , thesi arno mts, though nothing like what they would havo been were the perii-hin.- diou^ht not paralysing evciy cflort, arenot unsatisfactory. Probably when all subscriptions are in, the district will have tontn" buted£250 -not b.x-1-as coming from a "dried-out " to a '? s'arved-uut" people., . O '¡e of our amatear cattle misers, Mr. James Holmes, of Holmwood, when freehold estate of 1200 acres, or there nbouts. is within a few mi'es of Dubbo, has just imported from Molbourae a peligreo bull. The unimal, which is a beautiful red roan, was bred by Mr. Joel Horwood, on the Loddon, and is by O.xfoid C'neny Duke from Matil&t;'s Butterfly-granddum, the celebrated Morton MntüdA. He was bought at the recent stock sales in M lbourne, and «hipped to Sydney, forwanltd by mil tú Orane'e, and brought on hi her. The bull is fourteen months old, a nice handler, gojd shape and lengthy. He gives every promise of tarninfr out a profitable investment. A short time back Mr. Holmes purchased three pedigree heifers-real beauties -from Mr. Kobert Lowe, of Wilbretae, and a few heifers nt Mr. Leo's (Kelso) sale. He ha» been breedine; from a Sid Duke of Butterllies' bull, and with such an excellent fo- mdation.Mr. Holmes, in a few vein, will have 11 heid which, though it may be small in number, yet will be of the very Best quality. The stock items o'f the week are not manv, nor important. Me-sr.«.'Fletcher and Lo'.imor, of Coonamble, havo pur- chased V\ hyebmbe station, nair St. G- o ge, with 700 head of cattle, for-£4000. Mr. George Rjuse, of Bergambil, ha» bnuirht som« country in Queensland also. In f ict, all our catto breeders have, since the present drought developed so scrioush-, gerne in for Queensland nsw couutry iu order lo save tho lemaufs 01 their herds. 2000 fat sheep (M'ííil lop's) have loft Buddah foi Sydney ; 1G0O fat sheep (Eyrie and Alexander's), from Nevertro, are also on the road to Sydney.^ There are about 60,000 sheep around here, bclmiain'g to various owners, lO'iking for gi a>s. water, and purchasers. Mr. G. H. Tav-lór (P., H., and Co.) sold, on Saturday, 60 more cattle, on account of Mr. J. Smith'to Mr..William Dugan, of Minore!1 price £2 5s. per head. Mr. J. J. A«ho reports, the sale of 200 store cattle at quota- tions. -. . :.. December 3. , 