A Life Sketch. A GLOOMY and apparently endless forest, in which the tall trunks of the gum trees rose white and ghost-like towards the sky. It was night, a dark stormy dreary night ; heavy gusts of wind howled and hissed, and swayed the leafy branches overhead in wild fantastic movements, whilst heavy showers of rain ever and anon swept bleakly over the dreary waste, and the dripping, dripping rain, and the moan- ing of the wind, only broken now and then by the melancholy howl of some hungry miserable dingo, or the still more weird sad note of the curlew, presented a scene as dreary and wretched as the eye could look upon. Alongside of a huge fallen tree might be seen a small fire, by the side of which a form lay motionless on the cold wet ground. Presently the fire began to burn lower and lower, and at last nothing was left but the red embers where before the bright flames had been. This seemed to rouse the sleeper ; slowly and painfully he arose from the ground; feebly he gathered a few sticks, and having placed them on the dying embers coaxed the right flames once more to appear. As he sat crouching over the fire one could see his face by the flickering light ; and oh, God ! what a face it was ; not that his features were bad ; on the contrary, he must have been at one time remarkble for his good looks, but the expression was a horrible mingling of remorse, despair, and fear. It was the face of one whose every desire in life was gone, whose past was shame, whose present was misery, and whose future was wholly and entirely without hope. Three short years before this night he had left his father's rectory a high- spirited, hope- ful young man. Carefully trained from his childhood up, loved and petted by a fond mother and doating sisters, he had passed the first years of his life in the enjoyment of all that a happy comfortable home could give him. As he was the second son, his father considered it advisable to send him to Queens- land, there to push his fortunes with the small amount of capital with which he could supply him. Accordingly, after many words of advice and admonitions for his future guidance, and tearful embraces from all he held most dear, he found himself on the good ship-, bound for Rockhampton. After his first grief at parting from home and friends had passed, his natural buoyancy of spirit recovered itself, and he began to look forward to the day when, having achieved fortune, he might return to home and friends. He knew absolutely nothing of the world ; his life had been so carefully guarded from all temptations, that his very innocence was likely to cause his ruin. There were but two saloon passengers beside himself-one a harmless, steady, plod- ding fellow ; and the other a plausible and successful sharper who had been for several years in the colonies before. His anecdotes of colonial life pleased our hero, and he con- gratulated himself on his luck in having such a friend to coach him up in his new life. Gradually he fell more and more under the influence of this man, and took his first step towards ruin by allowing himself to be per- suaded to drink. The dreary monotony of the long voyage, the constant example of his fellow- passenger, his own high spirits and love of good fellowship, all combined to weaken the high principles which he pos- sessed. And when they at last reached their destination, the very knowledge that all he loved and respected were thousands of miles away, that he was friendless and unknown in a strange country, caused him to fall more easily under the guidance of his fellow-pas- senger, the sharper. We will not detail the old, old story of the growth of vice ; suffice it that hero awoke one morning to find himself not only penniless, hut deserted by all who, when he had money, professed to be his friends. With a couple of pounds in his pocket, his blanket on his shoulder, he left Rockhampton in the hope of getting work up the country, where his antecedents were unknown. Weeks passed away, and he had not been able to get work. The rough hardships and privations to which he was exposed soon brought their fruits. Ill to death's door, there we find him on that wild stormy night previously described. After having made up his fire as well as he was able, he once again lay down on his cold, wet bed. Wearily he closed his eyes ; and notwithstanding the cold, he fell into a sweet soft sleep. A dream of home swept through his brain ; he was a boy once more. A gala night in the dear old rectory, far, far away ; the schoolfellows that he has been per- mitted to invite are all there ; the mistletoe hangs in the ivy- covered porch ; he placed it there, and conceals himself so as to take advantage of the first who comes beneath it ; a lovely girl with long rippling golden hair, laughing merrily (how distinctly he can hear it), comes tripping in. With eager eyes he watches her ; a minute more she is beneath the mistletoe-one spring, his arm is around her waist and the merry Christmas tribute paid. The dream changes ; he is a man now, and she is to him the fairest of the fair ; they are strolling in a shady lane ; it is spring-time, and Nature is in her gayest apparel. He breathes the words of love into her ear:-What ecstacy, she also loves! Quickly the dream again changes ; he is in the midst of a crowd ; he is troubled ; his heart is full of an undefined fear; and she is there looking sad, so mournfully sad ; and presently one by one his father, mother, and sisters, walk slowly past him ; they speak not ; but look at him with the same sad steadfast look as they flit softly away from his troubled sight. In despair he turns to her-the one who still re- mains by his side-and implores her to explain the meaning of this wondrous change. A mournful smile spreads over her face, and slowly advancing she presses her icy cold lips on his forehead. With a feeble start he awoke, only to feel the cold rain bathing his face; only to hear the moaning and creaking of the trees as they swayed to and fro tempest tossed. Weary Nature could support no more, and instinct told him that his hours were numbered ; the fever had done its work aided by hunger and exposure. Before the morn- ing broke the look of despair and woe had left his face, for death had swept the lines of care away, leaving naught but the frank bright smile of youth in its place. That night in the old rectory, far far away, there was music and dancing, for one of his sisters had just been married. Little thought they, that he whom they loved so well, had, through his own weakness and folly, died that night the death of a dog. A.N. Rockhampton, February 26, 1877. 