CHRIST CHURCH. Yesterday morning tlie Eev.. George Goodman, M.A., who is about; visiting Europe, and will he absent from lib congre gation for twelve months, preached his fare well sermon to. his Christ Church parish ioners. The church was well filled, amongst the congregation being the officers and crew of the turret- ship Cerberus. The reverend gentleman took for his text the 20 th and 21st chapters of the general epistle of Jnde-7 " But ye, beloved, building up your selves on yonr most holy faith, pray ing in the Holy Ghost, keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life." The preacher, in\his opening remarks, said he was glad that his-discourse was not a farewell sermon in the general acceptation of the term. That year was his twenty-fourth in the colony, and he desired to spend his twenty-fifth amongst his relations in Eng land. He had been for twenty-three years in Geelong, and had only once absented him self from his duties, and that was when he was on a trip to Tasmania, where he preached .every Sunday. His work had been uninterrupted, and for that he thanked God. After referring to his text, the reve rend gentleman asked, "What higher aim conld a preacher have than speaking of the Christian graces . When a particular event like that to" which he was referring was about to take place, he considered he could talk about himself. He asked himself if he had built" up liis Church during his pasto rate. He was leaving for' one year the church in the hands of another pastor, who he was sure was blessed with zeal and earnestness, and would preach the same trntlis as lie did. He spoke of. the faith, love, and hope referred to in his text, and then allnded to the words of the apostle, showing to his congregation that they were indicative of the fact that great reverence should be shown to their faith. They were to build np virtue to know ledge, charity to brotherly kindness, and take a firm stand on their rock. Thev must keep themselves in the love o£ God. Christ mnst he taught, and they would hare to he firm against temptation. Separation always made them think of that time when there would be no separation. As they ad vanced in life they became more tenacious of old friendships, flis plans for a trip to Eng land suggested the idea of completing his quarter of a century of colonial work in England. He wonld briefly glance over that period of his history just prior to his. com ing to Victoria, and his stay in the colony. In . 1S47 he went to Cambridge and ob tained his degree of M.A., and saw at that University the late Bishop of Melbourne. He found help was wanted in the colony after the discovery of gold, and he came out in 1S53, quitting an English curacy to do so. One of his first acts was to examine candi dates for church orders. Other matters were referred to, and then Mr Goodman said he was introduced to the charge of Christ Church by Bishop Perry before he left for home. During the time he had been in charge of the church there had been steady increase in the attendance, and the congregation had carried out many impor tant works, snch as a new organ and the rendering of the parsonage all that could be desired by a minister. The Grammar School was re-opened, and he, being appointed Secretary for the new and efficient man nppmfiTlt. bad bppn phlp +r> —1 of that highly successful establishment. The rev. gentleman referred to his appoint ment to _ file position of Bishop's Chaplain under Dr. -Moorhouse, and added that he had held a similar position under the old prelate. He had been elected.on the Cathedral Committee. It had been decided to erect a building to cost £100,000, and one of the most eminent of the London architects was to be written to. As the letters would reach England abont the same time as he wonld he hoped to be able to afford some in formation to the architect. The selection of the architect was made from among three who wero specially famed for their designs for church buildings. The speaker referred to other matters, and then said he must thank his congregation for their many acts of kindness whilst he had been amongst them. In his sorrow, which was that of his family, he had received kindness at all hands. He asked them to remember him and his family in their progress, whilst they were encountering the perils of the deep, and also to endeavor to strengthen the hands of liim who was to minister amongst them for the ensning year. In the evening the Lord Bishop of Mel bourne, the Bight Kev. Dr. iioorhouse, de livered au address from, the Lord's Prayer, as contained in the 6th chapter of Matthew. The Bishop preached an eloquent discourse to a TerjrJarge congregation, showing the beanties of the several petitions contained in the text " ' 