flMMtr MOSES REFUTED. The subjoined ludicrous produotiou, from the New York Times, is ono of the best bur lesques on the " scientific method" that have coine under our notice. The hit at geologists who construct elaborate theories on exceed ingly frail suppositions might well be extended to some learned professors in other branches of science, who have reared wonder ful but unsubstantial fabrics of apparant faot solely from tho " scientific (?) uses of their imaginations." " A new and violent blow has just been struck at the Mosaic nccuiut of creation by the discovery of an extremely important fossil in a coffee sack at Baltimore' In the centre of this saok was found the skull of a monkey. There can be no doubt as to the facts. The coffeo was of the variety called Rio, and the skull was perfectly preserved. Let us dwell fur a little upon the meaning of this diecovory as interpreted by the principles of goology. Tho coffee sack was twelve (say twelve nnd a half) inches in diameter, and four feet in height. The skull, whioh lay in the middle of it, was, therefore, two feet below the Burfaoe. To suppose that it was violeutly forced iuto the sack, after tho lattor was full, would bo eminently unscientific. No one imagines that the fossil birds of tbe Old Red Sandstone dug down into that looality through the superincumbent strata. Nothing is more universally conceded than that fossils are always found where tlvay belong. The animals whoso remains we find in the rocks of tho paleozoic, the meio- Gotliic, and the Syro Phmuician strata, belong respectively to those several systems. The fossil monkey skull was, therefore, deposited in the coffee sack wheu the latter was half full, and the two feet of coffee which rested upon it was a subsequent dopoait. Now, it follows from this premise that monkeys existed during the early part of the Rio coffee period. It is the opinion of most geologists that the Rio coffee period succeeded the tertiary period, and immediately preceded the preseut period. Now, no tertiary monkeys have yet bdeu found ; ' but the Baltimore discovery shows that monkeys existed as early as the middle of the Rio coffee period, a date far earlier than any whioh has hitherto beon assigned to them. We are now in a position to inquire what is the least period of time which must have elapsed since the skull of the Baltimore monkey was the property of a live and active Bimian. The auBwer to this question must be sought by ascertaining the rate at which coffee is de posited. It is the opinion of Mr. Huxley, based upon a long and careful examination of over three hundred garbage boxes, that coffee is deposited in a ground condition at the rate of an inch in a thousand centuries, but the deposition of unground coffee is almost infinitely slower. He has placed bags, coffee-millB, and other receptacles in secluded places, and left them for months at a time, without finding the slightest traces of coffee in them. Although Huxley docs not hazard a guess at the rate of deposition of unground Rio coffee, Profossor Tyndall does not hesitate to say that it is at least as slow as the rate of deposition of tomato cans. Let us suppose, as wo are abundantly justified iu doiug, that 30, 000, 000 of yeare would be required to bring about the deposition of a stratum of tomato cans, one foot thick, all over the surface of the globe, an equally .long period must certainly have elapsed while a foot of underground coffee was accumulating over the skull of tho Baltimore monkey. We thus ascortain that the moukey in question . yielded up his particular variety of ghosts nnd became a fossil fully 30,008,000 of years ago. Probably even thiB enormous "period of lime is much less thau the actual period which has elapsed since that monkey's decease ; aud we may consider ourselves safe iu asBiguing to his skull the ago of 50,000,01)0 years, besides a few odd months. " Iu the light of this amazing revelation, what becomes of Moses aud his 0000 years ? It will hardly escape notice that he nowhere mentions Rio coffee. Obviously, this omission is due to the fact that he knew nothing of it. But if he was unacquainted with one of the most recent formations, how can we suppose that he knew auything about the elder rooks — the metamorphic and stereoscopio stratas 1 And yet it is this man, ignorant of the plainest facts of geology, and of its very simplest strata, who boldly assumes to tell us all about the oreation I" 