cHaraB nx. It was not uotu the next daj that Will arrived at bis mother's. In the evening, after she Led; Mrs. Bardes Martha overheard a eouvetaation between her rather and Bmyier which gave her tnofale. The peddler had come to spend (he tBght « Ooubladay'e, and the two men eat in a email apartment which the tanner called his omce, next to the duiing-tuom. Iber were drinking cider, and talking their own neculair gossip , with the door tUgbtiy ajar. Martha eat aewing in the dining-room. Now, the apole had played a mischievous part in human affairs, no leas dun tbe grape. Ttos time, it canved the farmer and haj£u« to brget that tbe door was not quite dosed. Smyler went on for a whue complaining of young Burden'* atttftless career. ** Why don't he take after his mother?' aaidhe. ''S tidy a earing a body', you'd wa* to see. Why, if she'd had anyways a proper husband or eon, ahe might have been a rich woman this mimt ; snre ai IVn aflluug bftre. 1 vow DoobifJday.rd like to have married that woman, and, if I thought then waa any Hera the farmer's laugh rolled in, sub merging with mellow sounds tbe net of the semence. 'Jnst what I was dunking wben yoawae going on about die voting fellow,' Uartha beard him saying, as his laughter aubaded. ** Division m the eamp, weskena the widow's cause ; that's sound.' Tbe Urn tbe boy doer, the more chanee for you. My opinioa; ehe's! mast tired out now, waitiug far him to take bold and bdp ; and. if you trade sharp, Smyier, I don't doubt you'll get her.' The words were muffled in a jolfil? natural to the man, bat Martha could not but revolt against them. The tslk went on, and, as ehe listmed, a singular ansitiim came over Martha. She frit as if ehe were in some hollow cave, all alone, without air. For she heard her father plotting more and more eeriously to enbnp the -widow rot? a marriage with the peddler, by *— *''; ber dependent npootbemfor money. She did Dot understand how it waa to be done, except that Smyler was to advance funds to her father, wsieh would be lent to IDs. Bardeo ODtfl the farm should come into tbeir power. Then' Smyler might appear as a anitor, and all woold be pleasandy arranged. The wna*e plan was laid in tbe most cneorful tones, and with frequent chuckling: bat Martha trembled wi-h indignation. Tet, why eboaU I fed eo?' she asked herself. 'But the great .drawhser. on (be whole thing,*' aaid Smyler at thst instant, 'is the hov. What should I do with iiat on my hands?' 'Wake him up!' said DaoWedsy. with a laugh; 'and, if be don't like it, send him sleep-walking somewhere else !' Martr.ua aoestioningB ended in a accoud'a time; but berlitde brain was all on fire again ; and, as ebe tUatched her sewing, and esugbt up die heavy cotton in foUfe, abe cried to benell impefenoosly: 'I must save htm !' Wul, however, not divining that then was d» slightest need of his hemg saved, appeared so complacent and abstracted Of not few times ebe aaw him, that dun waa no oon mmient chance for begmniug tbe rescue. S J, at last, Martha felt Out it waa ridiculous to bother about it at all. For bis part, die roung man, being free once more, bad a thoroughly dreamy time of it. He the despair of bis neighbours and of wen hi« mother. In this way he epent the better part of the summer. On day, it chanced that in rummaging the garret he eaau upon a manuscript genealogical record mmralen by bis father. It waa a mere drrr*toftina? names, likealotof withered peas in withered pona; but to WBI it seemed s luscious least. Within 6ve cunates eitlmg then in the tasty, strspglmg light of She garret, am' pouring orer dw pages, be was low in the past. Men, women, and even ehudnn long dead and gone rose op and came to meet him as he read their names. And he communed with them. Suddenly then came before him the ghost of a stately maiden— tail, rcanciTal, calm, and kind, who wore aroand her neck a chain of anrient gold beads. Her name was Cvnthia— Cvntfaia Elderkm. His eoul went forth to ber. In be-, at last, he eaw tbe creature whom for years he had dimly foreseen and loved, — and she waa dead! The thought filled him with nDatterabte pathof, and roused him suddenly to hn surroundings. Where was he? Had he left the garret in the midst of his reveie without knowingit? He found himself leaning egaioft « gray nil-fencing with hie lace toward a farm house not far off, below the slope on which be stood. Tee sun bad jnst bunt cut iron a doud ; he had come hither without bowing it On the aide of the house next toward him, a garden had been began, and die sgsreof a young girl in die freshly starched tuxes was leaning over the beds of well-raked earth. He dunned the feaee, and movni toward ber. ' How do von do 7' aaid ir«r*-» looking cm. Burden started, looked bewildered, and I stretched- out bis fingers to get hold of his father's msnoecript It was not with him. j -Oh, Martha!' he said confusedly, ' is it J you?' ' I ', 'Of course,'' ebe anrwerei 'Who else ,h-w;--;tt«r?' 1 It was on WOTalips to aay ''Cyntjiia KUm . kin,' for at this instant tbe name bad again ; I come into bis mind. Bat be checked JnmselE I looking ecnlsiisssLu. 'I decum,' resumed Martin, with a prettv, ' inchoate aulknKas, ' I think you win be Baking people next wh«t we call the viliage bore. Shall iltellTOU?' ' j 'On, no,** he laid, simply; «I rwnember; I you mean Oolnmntne ?' Marrta cropped her trowel frumher bano, and lahookwithlanchter. 'Easily. Win,' said she. 'I believe yon mnat be dab,' Then ebe became quite saber, and frowned. ' Ho ;vdq are footing me!' abe cried. Tib sots IVn. aet!' he mged aagerlj. 'Bctlreally wasn't attending much to what you aaid.' ' That's mncb. hettar, carfcticly !' said Martha, with an air of sprightly sarcasm. 'Yiw'redistineunhisg yonrself for poUeaess this afternoon.*' Hereupon Witt became nxed. ** (Vfaaw *' he exclaimed, atampiug Ins foot. ** Pratty worV voa've made my of Beads,*' observed Martha in a ball-tone, regaining her ' Well, what do you want me to dor' ex claimed tbe exasperated dreamer. ' Ton may be sure I don't want yon to get angtr with me,' she ratnmed, langhias. ?Marths,' said Will, quickly raising oil eyes, with thst-^eeoliar, ttr-rmt∠ plow that she had fanned to know belore now, ' the fact it, Tm thinking of exjing away again.'' \- What? Back to the dtyf asked she, becoming very solemn. Her bine eyes, which had drooped for a men instant, flattered timijly op to meet bis laoft, and finding him by this time absorbed in fjanng at die ground, rested there for an instant pensively. 'So, not fc- the citr,' he sniwered. 'Bat Martin, fa»lwi»bl could tdl you «U that I feelr Mjas Donbleday beean to blush. She was sorry, too, for her ptrmUam jatt saw. ' It can't be of much use to tall me,' ahe murmured eimply. ''If yon fod badly at part mg. I suppose it is best to get orer it qmddy/' whether Win heeded her words or not; but she was aware that a moment or two passed before he responded. Then, in a halTargniiig tone: 'Just think,' be urged, 'of all that we lose by not being in commUDicatiuii with those (hat a natural bond untiee us to. ' Yes.' said Martha, partially assenting, and yet Ceding a slight tremor and a rrinrianrn to remain where ehe was. *? I'm eo glad you understand me,' rejoined Will with ardour. 'Very few people do. I ?oppose no one dn will sympathise with my going off in this way to Korwich, to visit the graves of toy anoNton and Sod who of out name lire there sti*!. Yet I feds, if ? ' ' What «ra you talking of P' demanded the poor girl with an amazement that fell upon WDI like (be first cool drop from a dood. ' You don't understand, then?' be Mid, with some Eupetriuoosnas. 'Why, I— I Umosntea,' she Altered. -So. oo^dWt. And! beliera yea an divaminay Winodoyoucntuptbustraneeachnmep' ' Why,iostuow,'e»ilhen-*nkly- to prove hun«lf awake. Martha Uuehed a dear, gay laugh. 'Oaaoamntofmy needs?' sbs asked. 'I ' ImppOMl'mdriringyDiiswsybymylzmDer. Isn't that it?' 'Tistan a moment,' be aaid. 'Now, don't make fan, and you'll nudersteud me. *£ba know Ijow sny nswr's v**^1— ' ''fp* trwnk ? Korwich?' 'Yes.' ' Wen, o&er; branches or Ibr vsmu- stsyed there, and others sffll went to diSereut ntaeai in me West. Ton see, it's tremendously i-;«esOng to traos the liistorr afst&m9y; this way. and find oat how it wanders ana spreads like a crest vine.' 'Way, yes,' assented Sfarths, aTl earnest avmpeniy no ; '* I can aee how nice ISof miiali be.' 'Wetl, eome i-t'»*v-» go on and innram, and other* die oat, and all of them make marriages and'with new families, till yon sud denly find, in toakbig up your own siawslij, that you an connected witfc thousands at people aQ over the country.' « Mercy «' cried bis demunustener, anddenly ?putting nn ber ?-*1ii:i* f* *^ Gasping her lanwHj bead and hat vritti a litde finger over each eye. 'How terrible ! And yat' abe added, nsa-dnK ber hold upon herself. 'I don't that it is. I was frightened state ides at first; but now it seemed to me that them's something aptandid in Us/ too. 'Why, of course there ii f* cried W5n,&llr; aroused. 'Are you not all of one firmily, dungh we don't linow each other? When you travel toagraUdsanuicsyousvenotgoinganuMia; atrangers ; may be you pass along 'jetweau houses of yoor very relatives, without knowing it. Tbe Burdens have spread into Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Ohio, end diey came from New England. Why, a quarter of die Union is inhabited by as ! *Ehink of the aens that belong tout, die amount of trnlnronB we wield, and die hundreds of dtouaands of dollars we own ! Good gracious, tbera nothing sublime in dm? Don't tell me I'm a dreamer! I am practical. I believe in uniting a crest family like thin. Why shouldn't we meet now and then, and know each other, and love one another, and the rich ones help along the poor ones ?' Martha was dumb, now. She bad never beard Wai declaim in this way before. He seemed eo reasonable, dear, coherent, and pawerbd. that ahe was overwhelmed. Always admiring him, in spite ol what she bad believed to be a weakness, she now threw her reserved force of practical dissent from his dreamings into a whde- eouled delight at bis expansive ideas. Suddenly tbere came a reaction. 'But, wbv need you go to Norwich, nowP' abe avked, a litHe tremblingly. 'Because that's a good plans ta begin in. The Burdens left a flourishing etoek dien.'* ' And wben shall you atari ?' ??At once, I think— to-morrow.' 'Ob. bowapJendid!' cried Martha, with a pang, yet exnloingly. Her tone of energetic sympathy thsntd him like a merry bell. ' Are you gong to be gone a long time '-' she ventured to add. 'I don't know,' sain Wai suddenly, to las sBUpriavBt lOwMDg PBaai'aL ** But VDJ 7* ' I was thinkmg— of your mother.' 'Yes, Tea,' he replied. 'I know it's bard for her. But she'll like me aD tbe better when I come back. ' 'You don't know what it it to be londy,' sjgned Martha, with an air of conviction. It struck him as a new idea. 'Koj perhaps I don't,*' be snswered. «Tve annys Sired wjti my ancsaton.' Then they laughed, and be shook bands (nth bar. and aaid good-bye and Isft her. Bat, ? Am Iperbapta fool, after all, faQowinf a myth?' he vainly asked himself. ?? he went oomcwaiQa **OynHiis Cynthia Eraerkin ! lie murmured. And again tbe dim rapture of that ghostly presence rose about iitm and enveloped bim ; and he am once more kit to tbe eonsctoosness of externals. Ihet night, tbe widow am to Doubleday. and fanmml money for the expeusea of her eon's new expedition, tint when llarlhs beard of - die was shack with remorse. 'Ob, he'll be tarned oat to beg,' ebe grouted within bersrlt 'Smyler tKU get the farm, and many tbe widow, he'll be turned ant to bee ! Why, oh, why didn't I tell himP' 