SPIRITUALISTS IN COURfi Mr. Sergeant Cci, in his charge to the stand jury at the Middlesex sessions, referring to the case of the spiritualist '' medium" Lawrence, said that toe jury need not trouble themselves with toe controversy about spiritualism that had been raised in recent diBcussiohs upon thmt and other c&ses.; The question for them to con sider was a very simple one. Did the defendant falsely represent himself to be a spirit — what ever that might be ; whereas, in truth and in fact, he was himself personating a spirit ? If they should he satisfied of it would be a false pretence and if he obtained money by pretending to be a spirit, the onlv other ques tiqn for them would be if it was" so obtained with intent to defraud the prosecutor. Subse quently, the grand jury returned a true bill against Lawrence, for falsely pretending that be had power to communicate wito the spirits of deceased and other persons, ahd to sttffl mon and produce such spirits in a mate rialized. form, and that "divers mstrn ments, to wit, tambourines, banjos, and divert -ells, were present by means of such spirits summoned, produced, and caused to be present, whereas, in truth, the said William Lawrence had not the power to communicate with the spirits of deceased and other persona," and to do the other tilings mentioned in the charge. A second count charged him with unlawfully con spiring " by subtle means and to obtain divers sums of monev, etc.. contrarr to the statute." The trial has been postomd till next month. Mr. Albert Cramer, of Hie Terrace, to summoned at Wandsworth by Mr. James Marriott, a cabinetmaker, for £2 13s. 6d. wages for making a " spiritualistic cabinet" on the defendant s premises. Mr. Paget inquired toe meaning of a "spiritualistic cabinet." The complainant said it was a mysterious ; no mieoould solve ik He had "only made a part of i -there was a glass in the cabinet, and on a lantern being shown a ghost was supposed to rise and float in the air. The defect- dairts solicitor said his client agreed with a man named Winn to a par- ticular cabinet for £S, the defendant eurolv- log the material. Winn brought the complain- any, and spoke of him as a handy The de fendani said he was a retired apothecary. He pawE Wiim £5, hot he had not completed tbe no where to find him. In reply to the magistrate, the defendant said inn was a maker erf conjuring axNsaratws. The abuiet TO nmilv tothe ooe and br tbe £ranp0,S ?TOtkon! for «pirita»l ahmoBsW T"8, There were Mm- in itj winch when 2 efc down nrodiMdtt W««noeof tim cabii being empty, rial) fixed 4116 wkkl1 when worked loosened cords and tightened them .t plronra. He TO eimply Hi. Paget thought tbe case not made out. and dn- nnssed the summons. 