PUBLIC SCHOOL LEAGUE. From (he Newcastle Morning Herald) A public meeting of friends of the New South Wales Public School League was held in the Druids' Hall, Lamhton on Monday Evening, 11th instant. There was an, excellent attend- ance ; Lewis Thompson, Esq., in the chair. The Chairman, said the present meeting was brought about by the committee at their meeting last week, in view of the then state of political matters. Certainly things looked a little differeut now ; but the meeting could not do any harm, as a dissolution was bound to take place in September next, if not before that lime. This being the case, it was the impera tive duty of the League 8upporter3 to be on the took out for suitable representatives. With this view the meeting was held in the interest of themselves aud the colony at large. They were of opinion that the principles of the League were the best suited to the educational wants of the colony ; it was therefore their duty to bestir themselves, and have a suitable person chosen as a representative, who would advocate in Parliament the principles in which they believed. He would advise Leaguers not to be too impatient, as they could not expect to get all they required at once. They could not expect to get their whole programme carried out in the first session of Parliament but they must be content to receive what they can get, and persevere until the whole has been achieved. And when the whole of their principles were embodied in a Bill and carried through Parliament, it would be a basis upon, which future ages would form their system of educa tion. (Cheers). ' He then called upon the Rev. W. Robson to move the first resolution as follows : "That in the opinion of this meeting, no programme yet submitted to the publio, is so well calculated to overtake the educational wants of the country as that of the Public School League. . i . Rev. Mr. Robson was received with applause. Ho said he appeared before them simply as a fellow-citizen for the purpose of saying some thing in favor of the Public School League. In the first place the programme of the League proposed to give the colony a truly national system of education. At one time it was con sidered highly dangerous to place education within the reach of the masses of the people ; but that day, he hoped, was past and gone; He then read an extract from Dr. Chalmers, which advocated the education of the working classes. The speaker thought it was imperative that the people should be educated, for several reasons. For instance, the political power of the country lay in the hands of the people in this colony where there is manhood suffrage. Mr. Robert Lowe, in one of his speeches said, "educate your masters;" and this applied to the people, who possessed power of returning members' to' Parliament for the purpose of making laws, and governing the country. And if the people adopted the principles of the League, they would be much better educated,, and therefore would better understand the responsibility which rested upon them in re cording their votes, and better men would be returned to Parliament. Again, the masses of the people were expected to obey the laws ; aud how could they do this properly unless they were sufficiently educated to understand the laws. Moreover every man in the colony had to, bear the expense of the present educational Bystem. Then why should it not be brought within the reach of every child in the laud ? (Hear, hear.) But what are the facts? Last year the Parliament voted a quarter of a million for educational purposes, and notwithstanding .the expenditure of this large amount of money, there were from fifty to sixty thousand children who were receiving no education whatever. If there were any probability of the present Act overtaking the wants of the people there might be some excuse for patience, but as there was not the loust probability it was time for the League to step in, and do what the advocates of the old system had failed to do— make every . child in the colony able to read and write. The secular part of the League principles was the ghost with which its adversaries had frightened themselves, and tried to scare other people ; and if the true interpretation of the term was what tho Bible Combination had made it out to be, there would be good grounds for their oppo sition. But if they would take the trouble to look up the preseut Act they ' would there find the true interpretation of the term, and discover that there was nothing so very terrible about it after all. They would also find that the charges of godlessness and infidelity which had been made against the mombers of the League, were unfair. One of the strongest reasons for the opposition raised to the League, was that they proposed the abolition of all denominational schools, at least as far as giving them State-aid; and he thought the majority of the people were of opinion that State-aid to denominational schools should be entirely abolished — which was nothing short of State-aid to religion and was a violation of freedom aud all religious liberty in the land. Nothing lay oloser to hislheart than the circulation and propagation of the Bible ; but he couldnot advocate the Combinationists' manner of teaching the Sacred Word. The mere reading of the Bible was not sufficient — it needed ex planation ; and to this the Combination, for obvious reasons would object, as the Roman Catholic teacher would not propound the Pro testant version of tho Scriptures, and vice versa. If the Combinationists were to get the sway, it would lead to the Roman Catholics demanding a special grant for educational purposes — aud with some show of reason ; for how could any section of the community be expected to pay for the religion in which ho did not believe? A leading article appeared some time ago in the columns of the Sydney Morning Herald which bore out. this idea, and pointing out the fair ness of the Roman Catholics demanding - their share of the educational vote pro rata. There is another fact, which he could not omit to mention, and that was that . the denominations who were most in favour of the Leagne, were doing more by Sabbath Schools to give the children a religious training, than were the .denominations who were making such gross charges of ungodliness and infidelity against the Leagne. (Cheers). He came now to the com pulsory clause. Then, it was well known certain classes of persons who from carelessness or avarice, would not send their children to the schools, and the inspectors under the present system were of oppinion that some law should be enacted to compel such people to have their children educated. (Hear, hear). The opposition to this was that compulsion was anti-British ; but it ,was not more so in an Education Bill than in any other laws in the statute-book.' And we find that the nations which are foremost in education adopt compulsory measures to force education upon tho people. This was true of Germany, America, and now of England where the compulsory law was being made more stringent than ever. It was only neces sary to point to tho neighbouring colony of Vic toria, where compulsory education was the law - of the land, and was found to work Jexcellently ; so much so, that during the next session of Parliament the law had been made more stringent. This being the case, he thought the League might safely adhere to the compulsory part of their programme. If education were compulsory, it ought to be free. The opposition to this was that free education would pauperise the people. ,The present system provided that children, under certain conditions, can be be educated free; but the conditions were pauperism. (Cheers.) There could be no pauperism when all were educated free,; for each contributed proportionately to the revenue. This year. £280, 000 was placed upon the Estimates for education, and probably not so much as £(>0,000 would be raised by School fees. By this calculation education at present was five-sixths free. Surely there could not be much harm in taking the other sixth, and making it free altogether. (Cheers.) If the people of Sydney could send their children to the grammar schools for the purpose of getting a superior education, the. children of the country had an equal right, and no one could begrudge them an. ordinary education at least. He. had the utmost pleasure in moving the motion. (Loud applause.) Mr.. James - Fletcher, J.P., seconded the motion. He said that after the eloquent speech of the mover 'of the' resolutibn there was not much left for him to say, but he would, never- ? theless, endeavour to make a few remarks on the League. It had been 'asked, Why oppose the Public Schools Act of 1860 ? ' Because it did not meet the educational wants of the people, and because, it had not accomplished tho intentions of its framers. . If such is not the case, how is it that there are ; 80, 000. of the children of the colony being reared in the blackest ignorance. (Cheers)., If this is the case, have we not a right to step in, and endeavor to pass an Act which will redeem this disgraceful state of things, and clear the country of the stain which has been cast upon it. Had Mr. Parkes passed his Bill as it was first framed, things would have been different ; but he sub mitted to such a trimming, that even its friends did not know it; He maligned the clergy, and charged the people with being mere tools in their bands ; but he afterwards found, the influence of the 'clergy of some benefit to him, consequently . the Bill was a mere abortion. The Bible Combination wished tlie Bible to be taught in the public schools. Very well. But one naturally asked, " Which Bible was it to he ? for every man in the country had a right to. demand that it should be the Bible which lie believed in, to the exclusion of all others. But, granting that the 'Bible, was' admitted as one of the school-books, who was to teach it ? Was it . to be taught by : all classes and conditions of teachers, perhaps by those who did not believe in any Bible? If so, tliey would have a pretty ; state of things. How was it that the .advocates of the Bible Combination had not availed them selves of the'eiause ,in the -present Bill, which gave them liberty at certain periods to visit the schools and diffuse their various religious dogmas. He could prove that many of them, had never been iuside a public school. Then why make such a fuss about the Bible teaching when they would not teach it when they had the opportunity"? If a mim was seen crying out for water ' to drink, and a pool close to him would yoii not call him a fool ? (Laughter). Such men were moral humbugs. The fact was, that such people wished to have the Bible taught ; but they were too lazy to teach it. (Hear, hear). They wore ;.afraid of educating the .children. They f( und that it did not answer their ends to teach the people how many beans make five. (Cheers). There were thousands of children who had come into existence since the passing of the Education Bill, who weae being brought up in total ignorance. It ' was therefore time that someone else took tho matter in hand who would remedy this lamentable state of things. The object of the League was to throw all religious dogmas to the winds of heaven, and to teach the children that religion was not partyism. They wished to place all en o level, and display all religious .differences. The League were of opiiiion that the Scripture Les sons were sufficient. He knew ministers who "had carefully examined these lessons, and who -were of opinion that no sane man can offer a single word of objection to them. If there were any Combination men present, he would challenge thorn to dare to lay the whole Bible -open to their children. They would say, No ; there were some portions of the Scriptures which were only fit for mature minds. If the term " secular " really meant what the Com bination construed it to mean, every man in the colony would raise his hand and voice to- oppose its "introduction. But their object was the same as many other adopt, namely, to defeat their opponents by abuse, as to the compul sory clause, was it more compulsive to ask a man to educate his children than it was to .force him to feed them? The man who 'sent his children to school did not come under idle compulsory clause, any more than the man who, by honest labour, maintained his family under the Wife's Maintenance Bill.— (Cheers), and therefore did not need to fear either. It was only those wretches who would do neither that need object, and there were some wretches . of this'stamp. Some of them who would go to the birth of their children to prove that they are thirteen years of age in order to get them into the pit before they knew B from bull's foot. (Laughter.) lie did all in his power to have a clause inserted in the New Coal-fields Bill, pre- Vclililllg UllllULQU 11UUI. CUbCUU vuc JS4U wv-iviu they were able to read and write, but he did not know that it would have the desired effect. This was a clause in Sir James Martin's Bill providing that boys working in the pit should go to school ; and some of the teacheas offered to educate them' free ; but how many of them had embraced the opportunity? (Hear, hear.) As to the free clause what the poor man wanted was that the poor man's child could . receive the same opportunities of education as the rich man's child. But was it not a farce to talk about free education, when the poor man with a large family contributed more to the revenue than the rich man in most cases? What the poor man said in this matter was : "We find the money; and we allow the rich man to pay ' it away to the school teachers." (Cheers.) If it was pauperism to pay the teachers from the public purse, then it was equally pauperism to pay the Crown Ministers, and the Governor was no exception. But such stuff was only clap-trap, and got up for the purpose of throw ing dust in the eyes of the people. It was no matter which way the school fees were paid, : but therb were certain reasons which made them prefer the free system. They might talk as they liked, but the teacher could not look upon the child who did not pay his fee with the same kindness as on the one who paid regularly. They might tell hitn differently, but he had lived long enough to know that the most sensitive part of a man was his pocket (Cheers) He knew many poor people who kept their children at home rather than send them to school without their fees, wnat tne Jjeague wanted was to place the children on a level, and give the poor as good an education as the rich ; aud this could not be done unless a free system were adopted. There was a systematic opposition to the education of the poorer classes, for the rich know that education is the great leveller and once the masses are educated they will not be able to keep all the easy billets. This was one of the greatest reasons for oppo sition to education. (Loud cheers). v The motion was then put and carried un animously. , The Rev. B. Kenny then moved the second resolution. " That this ' meeting pledges itself not to support any candidate at the next country election,' who does not engage, if elected, to advocate and support; in Parliament, measures that will make the principles of the League, the law of the land. _The Reverend mover spoke at length, on the principles of the League, and the necessity of watching closely the candidates at the coming election, and to make sure that, their man was a thorough Leaguer and pot to be galled by empty profes sions, as the electors of Northumberland were at the last election. He made a lengthy and forcible speech, aiid was frequently cheered. The motion was seconded by Mr. T. Abev, in a very able speech, and carried unanimously. A telegram from Mr. Greenwood, was then read, and cheered. The following is a' copy :— "Cannot come to night. Parkes likely, to form a strong Government. He will consent to some education system, but not ours. We Tshall have to keep on for some time longer. We shall win finally, for no system . is . pre ferable that falls short of ours."' Mr. John Beveridge moved, and Mr. Davis seconded, "That in view of the near approach of a general election, this meeting deems .it desirable to rally the cause of the League, and calls upon its friends forthwith to come forward and re-enrol themselves ; to aid it by their supscriptions, and otherwise promote its principles by their personal influence " " Carried unanimously. Votes of thauks were then accorded .to the speakers, the chairman and the Press, and the meeting closed. At the close of the meeting several new members joined the League. ; 