FAIR TIPPLERS. Tlie excessive use of stimulants, liardly to be tolerated in men, becomes absolutely un bearable iu women, no inconsiderable portion of whom permit themselves nowadays an appalling indulgence in strong drink. " For it is an undeniable fact that when the weaker creature yields her Sner nerves and more sensitive organisation to the insidious encroachments of a vice which takes only a short while to break up the strongest con stitution, her ruin is more speedy and her abasement a thousand times more d plor able than that of her helpmate. Nobody who sees much of women can be ignorant of the altered state of things—that they drink more than they used to do. They are no longer satisfied with a lump of sugar satu rated in eau-de-Cologne, or a few drops of volatile spirit in a little water, already an advance upon the beverages made by our great-grandmothers ont of mulberries or meadow cowslips. There are now very few young married women, and even girls in their second or third season, who have not habitually recourse to liquors containing a proportion of alcohol to administer a fillip to their jaded nerves, and brace them up afresh for some new tax upon their energies. Port, sherry, gin-and-bitters, even mixtures of brandy and champagne are made nse of to revive tlie drooping spirits, and to give to the listless beauty the requisite amount of "go " which will enable her to hold her own in the midst of a crowd of chaffing adorers. And when we consider for a moment the life which women lead in London during seve ral months in the year, the reason of this degeneration in our mothers and sisters is not without its raison d'etre. Let us follow the movements, for the brief space of 12 hours, of a young girl who goes much into society. Somewhere about 9 or 10 a.m. she makes her appearance in the morning-room —after haviug jigged about in a crowded assembly until daybreak—languid, lieavy eyed, unrefreshed by the matutinal tub. Without the ghost of an appetite she sits down to an unwholesome meal of spiced and peppered dishes, hot rolls, strong coffee and cream. After breakfast—too tired, in all probability, to ride—she whiles away the rosy hours until lunch-time in doing intricate things with colored silks, writing notes, or fluttering the pages of the books sent in from Mudie's. Lunencon is a heavier break fast, with the addition of wine and pastry. A turn or two in the park, lolling back in a barouche, varied by an interval of shopping in a West End "emporium;" home to after noon tea, with plenty of sweet cakes to destroy the little appetite created by the fresh air; another spell of the dolce Jar nicnte, a languid toilette, and then din ner. The real business of the day begins long after the birds are asleep and the stars are shining in the sky. A menu in which you look in vain for plain roast or boiled; the glare of a score of candles ; a wine for every course; laughter, excitement, coffee, flirta tion, and finally the brougham, in which the flushed and feverish girl is whirled away to more hot rooms, more excitement, more champagne; what can result from such an unnatural and unhealthy mode of existence but an increased craving for dissipation, and an impatient "desire to be relieved from the lassitude attending reaction by the abuse of alcoholic stimulants ? This habit, when fre quently indulged in, becomes not only ruinous and disorganising to an illimitable degree, but it also engenders greater evils as a necessary consequence. Our pleasant vices generally run in couples. The nervous sys tem, periodically overwrought, abandons the rdle of servant for that of master, and with imperious voice makes itself heard calling for other and more potent distraction. The moral faculties have by this time become ob scured, the borderland between right and wrong ceases to be so clearly defined as here tofore, duties and obligations relax their re straining force, and, if there be any latent hereditary -instinct of evil lurking in the otherwise pure nature, that one drop of blood will be certain to come out into dark relief. . . . . The courtly and complacent family physician has much to answer for by his tacit acquiescence in a great and growing evil Nor is the humble practitioner a whit more open and honest, but invariably shows himself too weak or too interested to ran counter to the desires of his women patients manifestly leaning towards such agreeable remedies for nervous depression as crusted port and via moussatx, and only waiting for the authority of the doctor to indulge in them openly in the presence of fathers and husbands. It is difficult, if not impossible, for these gentlemen to take the bull by the horns.-1 Every man is not gifted with the brutal frankness of an Abernethy. It is a hard task to make np one's mind to tell a languid lady, whose maid stands beside her bathing her temples with Hungary water as she reclinesupon the boudoirsofa, thattliereal remedy for her disorder is not to be found in the wineglass, but in helping Mary the house maid to shake the beds, and in running up and down stairs to answer the nursery bell, thereby ranning the risk of offending an aristocratic patient and jeopardising the brougham of the future. Yet, if medical men were less given to order stimulants for almost every feminine derangement, and were to impress upon women the vital im portance of exercise and the healthfulness of drinking in deep draughts of the pnre morn ing air, there would be many more young cheeks blooming without rouge, and many a now anxious husband going to his chamber or 'connting-house with a lighter heart. )Y1ukhall Review. 