THE COMMERCIAL SIGNIFICANCE OF THE PRESENT WAR. THE first proof that Russia had abandoned any immediate ideas of European aggrandise- ment (observes the British Trade Journal) was shown by the results of the Russo-Turkish war in 1828. It was then that a large portion of Turkish Armenia was merged into the Russian Empire, and another part, hardly less important, was made an appanage of the Persian Crown as a reward to the Shah for past services and an incentive to continue them in the future. In 1856 it was probably hoped that considerable additions would be made to these conquests, but as the results of the campaign were not favourable to Russian dictation, matters were obliged to remain in statu quo. Now everything is apparently in favour of Russian designs. A large section of Western Europeans, ignorant of the commercial value of Asia Minor, regard whatever may be done there with undisguised apathy ; another is so actuated by hostility to the " unspeakable Turk " that they care not what happens provided Moslem blood flows in expiatory streams and the remainder fortu- nately a small majority are irrevocably determined to believe that the Russian army is almost Mossianic, and will regard the virtue of their accomplishments as its own ' toward. Facts, however, contradict the latter hypothesis. The Russians have only just now crossed the Danube after several months of purposeless parade. They commenced their campaign in Asia with extraordinary energy, and have carried it on with persistent courage and activity and then most important of all they have carried with them on the march a posse of civil officers, so that as they invade village after village administrators may immediately commence the whole arrangement of, Russian rule. This is making themselves at home with a vengeance, especially surprising in a nation whose warriors are only fighting for an amelioration of the state of the Bulgarian Christians. If this were the true object of the war, then, why did not the Grand Duke Nicholas cross, the Danube at all hazards a month ago, and carry Ilia civil administrators into that Bulgaria where, as the Daily News, in piling up its special descriptive agony, is never tired of informing us, sentient Christians are impaled alive, their wives and daughter- dishonoured by thousands, and their peaceful homesteads wantonly destroyed ? Why does that soft-hearted Emperor, that divine figure from the north, as he has been slavishly designated by the Jews, who is said to be continually weeping for his distressed co-religionists like a paling child, permit this? Simply because, as Lord Derby distinctly hinted, this is a war of hypocrisy in which the dust of philanthropy is thrown in the grateful eyes of Gladstonian Europe. The main object of the war is to obtain for Russia the possession of the Fresh Food and Batoum seaboard and as much territory south of this as she can possibly be permitted to claim. The reason is as follows: The trade which Russia has always carried on with Persia and other parts of Central Asia has always been of a very prosperous character. English merchants competed with Russians very closely in the regions north of the Hindoo Kush, but as Russia was determined eventually to be master in these realms, and make her own commercial code, as she has done BUCC-, the success of British merchants in Turkistan troubled her little. All she cared for was to preserve in all its pristine remunerative state the trade with Persia. This used to be carried on in a very peculiar manner. The Russian Government laid down good caravan roads from Tiflis to Nijni Novgorod, so as to induce merchants to come to the latter great fair and buy all their European goods there. Thus a town in Central Russia, where little trade was nominally done, became the great commercial halting place between two important and prosperous continents. Persians themselves seldom went to Nijni Novgorod or Moscow, but Tiflis Armenians, who bought their goods there and took them to Julia, Tabreez, and Ispahan. Towards the commencement of the present century, however, some English merchants, noticing the value of the Persian trade, established themselves at Bushire, in the Persian Gulf, and bringing European merchandise thither by sea, laid down a caravan road to Shiraz, where they successfully competed with the trade which the Tiflis merchants were doing in Northern Persia. The goods were cheaper and better, and very naturally so, considering that the sea voyage was accomplished in less time, and is safer than the caravan journey. Besides this, goods arrived at Bushire once a month, and the Tiflis caravan only went its round once a year. Soon after this Tiflis trade gave up the ghost, and Englishmen waxed portly and rich in the flourishing seaport of Bushire. This state of things soon reached the ears of the Russian Minister, and in order to counteract the malevolent influence of Bushire, Redut Kaleh. was opened in 1821 to general trade, it being anticipated that ships might run thence to Kertch, whence the merchants might travel to Nijni Novgorod with the satisfaction of having made an easier journey. The results were unfortunate. The Tiflis traders, instead of going to the great Russian fair, found it was hardly more distant to go to Leipsig and visit, in fact, the different seats of European industries. Consequently, to the surprise of the Russian Minister, the trade of Nijni Novgorod continued to decline, notwithstand- ing the increasing prosperity of Redut Kaleh. The fact soon became known, and Redut Kaleh was in 1882 closed to import trade altogether, and the Government attempted to improve the roads and the navigation of the Caspian Sea and the Volga in order to compete with Bushire. These exertions might have had a successful issue, but, unfortunately, in 1823 some merchants had established themselves at Trebizond, on the southern shores of the Black Sea, and had gradually laid down a splendid caravan route from that seaport to Erzeroum, and thence to Tabriz in Persia. So, when Redut Kaleh was closed, notwithstanding the most strenuous exertions, all the trade between Southern Persia and Europe continued to be done via Bushire, but the trade with Northern Persia flowed entirely into the Erzeroum and Trebizond channels. The Russo-Asiatic trade has never recovered this. With the introduction of railways great improvements have been effected in Asiatic Russia, and now, in consequence of the Caspian Sea and the Volga swarming with efficient shipping, in the existence of an excellent railway between Port, Tiflis, and Baku, the Asiatic trade of Nijni Novgorod has been very much improved. But it has never yet recovered the blows, which were dealt it in the establishment of Bushire and Trebizond. It will, therefore be apparent to our readers that the object of the Russian Government in attempting the acquisition of the whole of Turkish Armenia is, besides the more aggrandisement, to be able to control the trade between Europe and Asia. This is to be avoided as much as possible, for the lessons of history must teach us that Russia does not know how to carry on a commercial policy of advantage to the world. We have already shown how she attempts to turn all trade into the roads which lead to Nijni Novgorod. If therefore, who were to obtain possession of the Trebizond played, we may be sure that all the ports, like the Transcaucasian ports, would be closed to import trade. This of itself is a violent measure, altogether at variance with enlightenment and civilization. Then, another policy she would pursue would be that which she has now carried on for some time in her recently acquired possessions in Control Asia, All her own wretched manufactures are protected by taxing to an inordinate degree all foreign goods that might compete with them. Thus they import raw cotton from India free of duty, and manufacturing it themselves force the natives to buy it when manufactured by taxing all imports of English manufactured goods to the extent of nearly 150 per cent. Comment is needless ; it is very evident that such a state of things could not be tolerated all over Asia. And then there is something else we have to fear in the present war. "We' must remember that in 1828 Persia was the ally of Russia against Turkey, and materially benefited by this action. May she not do so again. We have heard rumours of Persian armaments, and the Shah, everybody knows, looks with yearning eyes upon the rich province of Bagdad. But even if Persia does not move, may not the Czar help her to Bagdad in consideration of the ports in the Persian Gulf being closed to import trade! Such a thing is possible. The Czar has before now exercised his influence upon independent! princes for the advancement of his own interest. We may quote a suspiciously similar case in point. The Cashmere ruler used to place a duty upon Cashmere shawls going into India, but none upon those entering Russia. The duty, however, upon the raw wool was not much. With the aid of the vice-regal government, Cashmere shawls were made at Amritsar cheaper than they could be bought in Cashmore, and, being carried into Turkestan as Cashmere shawls, took the trade completely out of the hands of the Russians. The Cashmere ruler was, however, a Russophobist, and at the instance of the Government of the Czar, be taxed raw Ladak wool so exorbi- tantly that if Cashmore had not been shortly afterwards annexed to the British Crown the industry of Amritsar would have been ruined. Thus we may see that not only are the actions of the Russian Government in their own territory antagonistic to our commercial interests, but wherever they can exercise an influence indirectly it is malevolent. With such a policy it is preposterous that any sane Minister in Western Europe should endeavour in the least degree to favour Russian designs. The real, though not the avowed object of the present war is to make acquisi- tions in Asia Minor. We have shown by historical facts that this is the case, and we have shown, also, how such acquisitions are abused when they are made. Let us hope that before it is too late the whole question will receive the attention of her Majesty's Government. If Turkey is preserved in its present integrity, then England will do well to attempt herself to inaugurate stem reforms in the Turkish Empire. The reforms and vitality of the West must be brought to bear on the abuses and fatal listlessness of the East. The empire is rich in resources, and the population is intelligent and can be educated. All that is wanted is capital, and when the present panic is overcome that will be forthcoming. Then Asia Minor may be covered with a net- work of English railways, and under the liberal policy of British commerce the trade of Asia will flourish, not in the interest of one individual Power, but in the interests of the entire world. BATIXUJI AS A LECTL-UEU.-The Daily News report that on the 1st July a numerous company assembled in the theatre of the Royal Aquarium at Westminster for the purpose of hearing an address from Mr. P. T. Darnum on "The World and how to live in it." The lecture was interspersed with anecdotes, illustrations, and personal experiences, and appeared to be thoroughly appreciated by the audience. Mr. Barnum, who was very heartily received, began by describing the world, or at least a portion of it, as it was viewed from opposite standing points, those of sunshine and of Shadow, of light and of darkness. Some persons, he said, borrowed trouble a week, a month, or a year hence, whilst a few dyspeptic individuals, to use the language of Mark Twain, actually jumped the grave, and feared that, after nil, Heaven might not be quite so nice a place as they had been led to expect. To those, however, who looked at the bright side of things, and made the best of life's little ills, the earth was a very different planet. The proper reading of one of Shakspeare's most beautiful passages was "There is a divinity that shapes our ends, Rough hew them as we may." But the misanthrope rendering was 'a Thine is a divinity that shapes our ends rough, hew them at weary." He advised those of his hearers who had life before them to start well, and to keep on the right track. Incidentally Mr. Barnum touched on the temperance question, and mentioned the fact that he, at sixty seven, had been an abstainer from intoxicating drinks of many years' standing. As to making money, he reminded them of a saying of which they must have before heard, that a man's riches consisted not in the extent of his possessions, but in the fewness of his wants, and on this head advised the keeping of the expenditure well within the income. In describing the different types of character with which a long life had brought him into association, he defined the condition of progress in America as one founded upon the idea that a man made the business, while in England the business made the man. Whether, however, a legitimate calling might be that of a tailor, a shoemaker, or a showman it was equally honourable and productive of benefit to the general body of the community. He humorously assured his audience that he believed in printer's ink judiciously laid on in thoroughly well advertising a good thing, and in giving people their money's worth. He had a faint idea that some time in the course of his existence he had heard the sound of the word humbug." and possibly the syllabus of his lecture circulated amongst the audience might come under this category ; still he must say that he had great faith in arresting the attention of the public to their legitimate and proper needs. Those who had a notion that Humbug was "synonymous with swindling made a very great mistake. He described his experience of a retiring from business, and in glancing at the value of recrea- tion, touched upon the opening of museums and picture galleries on Sundays. Li commenting upon the importance of a man having a happy home, he threw in an anecdote of a scene which he had witnessed in the Palace of King Louis Philippe in 1823, and suggested that a great addition to the comforts of a home was a good story-teller. If a man had not one in his own house, let him get a neighbor to come in occasionally. He recommended those who could do so to travel, and those who could not afford to do so to visit the agricultural and other exhibitions which were continually in their midst, so as to mix with other people, gather new ideas, and expand their minds. A little advice as to the value of honouring and acting up to the precepts of the Christian «»S1-01* brought Mr. Banium's address to amend, ttnl*"v.llen: the lecturer intimated that any points which he has missed in the syllabus might possibly be include- in his lectures for this and to-morrow evenings, no was loudly cheered. 