SHREWD BILLY KIRWAN. One day Billy Kir wan, a well-known Dublin bill broker, of great wealth and equal shrewdness, was offered, as he sat on his accustomed window-sill in the court-yard of the Commercial B iHings, a bundle of bills for discount by a merchant who had taken them in the way of business. It was Mr Kirwan's boast that he instinctively knew bad " paper" by the feel of it. " here's bad ' paper' in your lot, I can perceive, sir, without taking the trouble to look over it seri-ah-tim et lite-rah tim," remarked Billy, who had been originally intended by his pious Galway parents for thr Church, and had in his boyhood a decent converse with the preliminaries of the classics. baenum habet in c o r n u h e continued, "as a body might say to a spavined h rse. You had better remove it, plavse, sir, before I have anything to say to you; for I wouldn't touch it with a pair of kitchen tongs, much less dirty my hands with it." " I am astonished to hear vou say so, sir," said the merchant; " and would you be pleased to mention what it is in mv hand that encounters your objection ?" " Why, a certain acceptance signed H. D'Esterro [the celebrated fire-eater and champion of the Dublin Corporation, afterwards shot by O'Counell], and, if you must know my opinion, I would not advance the value of a brass button 011 all that a jackass could draw on the same security." Good heavens 1 and why not?" " For a rayson I have ; and nobody knows it better than Mr. D'Hlsterre himself," answered Kir wan. As Mr. Kirwan was sitting alone after dinner the sauie evening, enjoying his pipe aul his glass of punch over one of dcGhe.e's latter leaders in the Evening Post, or, just a* probable, one of Diu O'Conuell's earlier speeches in favor of Catholic emancipation, the servant came in with a card from Colonel ; Henry. The Colonel very much regretted that it fell to his lot to have 10 1 r deliver a hostile message to a gentleman of such respectability' as Mr. B ir- j -wan from one equally respectable and : estimable as Mr. D'Esterre. He re- : peated the injurious ana insulting- ex- pressions which the gentleman whom he had the honor of addressing had made use of in speaking of his friend during the day to a certain merchant in the Commercial Buildings, and •which had travelled the round of the citv before nightfall. He pointed out, moreover, the utter impossibility of i Mr. D'Esterre allowing- such an out- ; rage on his name and character to be j uttered and sent forth to the world -without demanding the satisfaction n gentleman. " Then Colonel, honey, come to the point, and just tell me what it is that vou want," demanded Kirwan. "An apology or the alter- I native." "Which means that T must eat my words or fight, ?" " Most decidedly/' of " It can't be done for the mono}'." " lint money ? Wiiose money ?" said the colonel. " Why, my money, to be sure ; the mom y that your respectable friend Mr. D'Esterre owes me this last couple of years— nothing more nor less than a cool hundred, independent of interest, and expenses. I lent it to bun at first 1101 as a matter of business, but en bis pledged word of honor that he'd return it to me at the time he promised ; and upon my honor and sow], he hasn't done so frcm that day to this." The Colonel doubted what he had to do with the money question. " Everything," said Kinvan, "in the regard of your not having the ghost of an argument cn your side when you ask me to apologise or fi ht." still could not see it; The Colonel but his opponent very soon made him, in this wise. He'd be a liar and a coward to apologise or in any wa} retract what he had said and still felt of D'Esterre, so long as D'Esterre chose to act dishonorably towards him ; and to go out and fight him would be to act like the biggest fool iu existence. " Blood-an'-ouns ! Colonel," said Billy, " do you want me to fire against mv own money ? On the other hand, if D'Esterre hits me he'll send me to the devil after it; and you know the Scripture say that 'out of hell there's no redemption !'" " Very true, indeed, and by no means an unreasonable way of putting it," observed Col. Ilenrv; "but," he added, " will you, if I satisfy you on the money question " '* If you pay me—that's the cb.it!" roared .Billy. '"'Pay you—certainly; that's what I mean; but will you then fight?" Like a Trojan, Colonel." cried Kir- wan; " anything to oblige you, anything for peace and quietness." " I shall see yon to morrow morning again Mr. Kirwan " said the Colonel, lising and bowing formally to his host, who vainly endeavored to make him take another jorum, "just to show that there was no animosity between them." " You'll have your friend ready in the morning', when I cull asked Henry, SLS he turned for the last time. " That's my intention," responded Kirwan, and all my worldy affairs settled." Colonel Henry did not see the face of inimitable drollery that Mr. Kirwan assumed as he uttered the last observation, for his back was turned, and he "was half way dow the hall door steps, hailing a passing carman. Xext morning the gallant bearer of the cartel was at the house of the challenged party, "who received him most graciously. "'But your friend, Mr. Kirwan ? see the gentleman to whom I d 'n't expected to be presented" exclaimed the Colonel, not a httlc surprise. Kirwan remarked very coolly. "Lave that to me "Business before pleasure, if you please ; have you brought my money 1 Let's settle that before we proceed to the sentimental part of the matter." " Certainly," replied Henry. " Here's a hundred pound Bank of Ireland note at your service, which dischaiges my friend's obligation." <: And here's a receipt for that same, with an apology for your fiiend, which he and you would be the most unreasonable men alive not to accept and he thankful." " What then ! you don't intend to fight, after all ?" exclaimed the Colonel, on hearing what appeared !o him an extraordinary declaration, and perceiving the perfectly ridiculous result which his grave embassy had at length been brought to. " You won't fight ?" he repeated. " The divil a bit ! Colonel, honey ; and that's as sure as mv name is Billy Kirwan. 1 unsay all I have said of your friend, and apologise to j him and you in the handsomest man I ner." " 1 can't just at this moment j see," ruminated the baffled envoy, j " how my principal is to come out of this affair creditably in this fashion !" j " He comes out of it with living colors; for his fellow-citizens will think more of him when they hear he lias paid his debts than if he. had shot Biliy.Kir- wan."— Gentlemen s Mai/azine. When is courting like a battle? When it comes to an engagement. Things which cannot be kept secret.— Love, the tooth-ache, and tight boots. Did my moustache trouble you, asked he of her ? No, she sighed, I only felt, a little down in the mouth. "If there's no moonlight, will you meet me bv o-aslight, de.irc^i Juliana? 1 " asked he. ;; j\ T o Augustus, I won't ; I o am no gas meter,"' replied she. 