ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, Sc. " Pink Dominoe" and "Love by Lantern, light" have sufficed for the week's wants at the Theatre RoyaL The theatre is now cleansed, minted, and reasonably re-de corated, and for the, next two months, I Bnppoee, wQl be engaged with the Christmas piece, to wit "The Forty Thieves." At the Academy on Saturday night " Leah " was given for the first time at that house. I could well wish it might be for the last time. "Leah" is a trisie play. It puts one into a dull mood. If it were in Btractive at the cost of being dull I should not care. But it does not teach one anything, and it is dismaL Ton go away from seeing.it depressed. Now a tragedy does not depress you. I mean a real poetic tragedy, like, say, "Othello;" but a tragic melodrama like "Leah" makes you dissatisfied with the whole world. It is an unreal picture of life. I cannot tell why Mosenthal's poetic play of "Deborah" was so altered for English representation. Especially at the end, for Deborah does not die because she has lost her lover; she goes grandly forth into the world, and we are left to suppose that she will marry somebody else, when the annoyance of losing her first lover has become dulled. It is easy .to diet i Anybody can die, but it Is not everybody who can live on bravely, and suffer uncomplain-, ingly. Besides; "Leah" dies without any j reason. She is not stabbed, nor poisoned, i nor knocked on the head. She has, just be-1 fore,shown a very fair degreeof bodily health;; but, forsooth, because it is the end of theplay; she gives up the ghost to an orchestral accom- i panimenfc I suppose; some day "Leah" will: be revised. | Mrs. Lewis plays Leah better than the I average. She does not gasp, nor sigh, nor j shout. She makes her a practical woman, j who tells Rudolph quietly but eery deter* j minedly what.she thinks of him. Mrs. > Lewis's Leah, however, ought not to die. In j effect She would hot die. Bhe would bid j Rudolph good- bye without much agitation, | apd in her heart be rather glad she hades- j caped being mated to such a weak-minded young mfcn. She would go to a new country, and open a school, 01 start a singing academy, or take to the sta e and eventually become the managezeas of a theatre; or, if ehe were ieaa ambitious, ahe would keep a board lnghouae and have a history, telling her trouble to one or two select friends; or to take the more romantic view of the situation, she would go to Mexico, marry a dark-complexioned Creole, and accompany him when he hunted Indians. Certainly, she wonld not die. Of the others, a Rndolph such as Mr. Phillips depiots him would not agree with Anna. He would be sorry he behaved badly to Leah, and would have quarrels accordingly with his wife. Mr. Ryan's Nathan would be pretty much wbat Mr. Ryan makes him, an ill-conditioned scoundrel, deserving to be kicked. Miss Meta Pelham's Anna wonld be a very much marked example of the diluted domestic virtues, who would maltreat the English language by pronouncing the words' ! sake, nay, so, and hour as if they were spelt sahike, nahiee, tahou>, and ahr. Mr. Douglas's Father Hermann would supply a notable in stance of the more ponderous social excel lences. Mr. Joyce's Father Lorenz would ad vance paternal beneficence into uninteresting respectability. Mr. Thome's Doctor Ludwig would be a solemnly humorous rural practi tioner. Mr. Daniels's Hans wonld be a lumpy young man, with a questionable right to a reputation for pleasantry. Rose, as Miss Jessie Grey paints her, would be a pretty coquette, quite unlikely in the ordinary course of things to be in love with Hans. Dame Lisa, according to Miss Lizzie Dixon, wonld never grow old, but would retain her youthful liveliness however stricken in years she might be. On Tuesday Mrs. LewiB played Lady Gay Spanker in " London Assurance" with much dash and spirit. Mr. Phillips will have to try again before het can play Dazzle, and however hard Mr. Boothman tries, it is unlikely he will every play Charles Courtley. Thus also of Mr. Joyoe's Sir Har court, and probably also of Miss Pelham's Grace Harkaway. Bnt Mr. Daniels has a good notion of the way to play Meddle, and Mr. Thorne could not well be bettered ae Dolly Spanker. On Thursday night the performances at the Academy were for the benefit of Mr. Joseph Simmons, whom, I suppose, most people know as the veteran actor of the Aus tralian, having come to this part of the world before Victoria was a colony at alL The pieces were "Raising the Wind" and " Lon don Assurance," and the characters were sustained partly by Mr. Simmons's pupils and partly by the regular members of the com pany. In the farce, which came first; Mr. Simmons himself played Jeremy Diddler. He wonld not believe me if I told him he looked what Jeremy Diddler ou?ht to look, bnt, bating this disadvantage, he played the part very welL That is to say, very well ac cording to old-fashioned farce notions. But Jeremy Diddler really ought to be represented ; as a handsome, dashing young fellow, just a ! little out at elbows.. Mr. Simmons took the low-comedy view of the part, and consistently carried out his performance according to this estimate of it In the comedy, Miss Rate ) Johnson played Lady Gay Spanker. It would would only mislead her if I told her she played it well. She seemed to try hard to play it well, but the more she tried the less she succeeded. I have no doubt she die. covered how difficult a character it is to play with even reasonable satisfaction. For al though, of necessity, dashing, cheery, and vivacious, it is nothing unless theBe qualities are accompanied by repose. It is easy to be animated, just as it is easy to' produce a tumultuous noise upon the piano, but bril liancy, both upon the stage and upon that instrument; is the result only of regu lated skill, and it is precisely this regulated skill which Miss Johnson has not yet acquired. She wants ease, and self-posses sion, and aplomb. She requires to know how much of any particular act of de monstrativeness is required, and how easy it is to spoil an effect by doing too much in the endeavour to obtain it, It will not need that I should go through every scene in order to point out where she failed in this particular. Candour requires me to say, however, that she did fail, and that not from carelessness, but from an over-eagerness to be successful. Of the other members of Mr. Simmons's academy who helped to complete the oast; Mr. W. E. G. Simons may be told that Sir Haroourt Courtly is not a tottering old man, but a man a little past middle age, whose desire is to appear young. Mr. A. Coppin played Charles Courtly very respectably, but \ Miss Whitehead did not, in the least, giv« j one the notion of Graoe Harkaway as Bond*; cault invented her. The gentleman who! played Cool would have been better fitted if j the part had been named Shiver, and the j lady who played Pert wonld have been more ' at home if She had impersonated the notion. of silence. j On Friday and Saturday last Miss Soldene appeared as the Grand Duchess. For genuine humour, it will hold its place with the best representatives of the character I have seen in it, and for sweetness and expression in the way of vocalisation I desire nothing be- yond it. On Monday she played, as I am told, for the first time, the twin part in " Ghofld-Girofla." If those who enjoyed her, delightful acting ani singing had known how really ill She was, and what pain she was suffering, they would have wondered \ «t the oontrol she was able to exert over her' feelings. I suppose the public have nothing ; to do with whether an actress is well or ill, when it is theirzfght to be amused. Theyhave nothing to do with human infirmities, tbyy j pay their money to be diverted, and if they are not diverted so much the worse for them,, This is the public view, and from the com mercial stand point perhaps they are right But I knowsomething of the difficulty of being funny when at heart yon are very miserable. Certainly no one not in the secret could have known how thoroughly unfitted Miss Soldene was to sustain the somewhat ar- duous part of Girofle-Girofla on Monday nlght for she wu fall of life, sparkle, and vivacity. She dashed gailr into the fan of the baet« neee; song ai if she were singing oat of the fulness of a happy heart, and on if she had never had a moment's pain or trouble irote the date of her nativity. This, I take it, is not only an artistic triumph, bat a triamph over hamnn infirmities. On Tuesday night Miss Soldene had the superadded worry of the defection of a principal member of fair company, to wit, Miss Stella, who in this opera, on Monday night, played Pedro. Miss Stella has made herself a great favourite in Melbourne, and she has deserved to be a favourite, bat she has made a mistake in this act of desertion, for, so far as I can learn,; she had no reason not to continue her engage* ment with Madame Soldene. Those who haVe encouraged her to go sway are not lees to blame than she herself is, end 1 cannot bnt regret that she has spoiled very agreeable relations with the Melbourne public, by this refusal to carry out her contract with her manager. It happened, fortunately, that Miss Minna Fischer was available, so that the part could- be filled without difficulty at short notice, otherwise the piece would have been by so much lessened in its interest. Of the rest, Miss Vesey made the prettiest possible Paquita; Mr.Wallace a very grotesque Aurora; Mr. Marshall, an exquisitely comical Don Bolero; and of the eight cousins, Misses Daniel, Slater, and Barber are to be mentioned as complete in those attractive attributes which belong to opera-bouffe young gentle men when played by opera-bouffe youug ladies. Mr. Farley again played Moarzoak, but it was not the Moarzoak of Mr. Farley of three years ago. Immediately after the performance on Wednesday night the company embarked for New Zealand. They expect to be back in Melbourne in about three months for a fare- well season, after which, I understand, they return to England. On Thursday night Mr. Albert Richardson gave the first of his opera di camera per formances at Lowe'B-rooms, in Stephen street. Mr. RichardBon has started the very good notion of an operatic club, the intention being to train amateur musical talent into tha capability to represent operatic performances.1 He has got together a very good class, sad this, his first public night, showed not only how good an instructor he is, but how much vocal ability he has gathered together. The Princess's has undergone Bach a change as one reads about in fairy tales. It seems as if it hod been turned inside out I have known the Princess's ever since it woa built, but I think if I had been taken into it blindfolded, I should not have recognised it as the dingy theatre it was two months ago. The transformation amounts to a genuine renaissance. The dress.cirde is now on unbroken curve, undisfigured by ugly partitions. The heavy square posts are re placed by elegant rioted columns. Tha ceiling and walls are entirely repainted and repanelled. The seats are newly arranged, and fresh covered. Soft carpels of harmonious colours cover the floorj Incredible pains have been taken to secure good ventilation, and the lighting has bees provided for with an attention which secures comfort as well as brilliancy. Toe pro soenium has been reshaped, and the stage wholly renewed. All the seats in the stalls are new and elegant. The accommodation in the pit is substantial, and the boxes at the bock are highly pleasant and commodious.' The approaches have been greatly improved,1 and what has never been known in Austra lia before, there is a promenade all round the theatre, the back of which is to be out as a garden. In fact; the theatre stands by itself, and is not joined to any other building. There are innumerable doom of exit, so that in the balmy nights of summer^ during the intervals, the audience will ha able to go outside andenjoy the fresh airs with*' out any difficulty. This I regard as a great advantage, for I have always oonsidered it a serious disadvantage when a theatre does not open directly upon the street These long Stairs, vestibules, and saloons, na matter how elegantly decorated they may be,: are in the nature of an inriiotion when going into a theatre. Mr. L. M. Bayleas, tha lessee and manager of this now beautiful theatre, has spired no cost, short of actually pulling it down, to make it worthy tha recognition of tha public. It is now by foe the oldest of our theatres, and it is full of pleasant associations. It has a history which it would be worth writing. It ^ aforetime, been the favourite house of tha public, and, from all I can see, Mr. Bay lees is going to renew this popularity. He has got a good company together, and ha is in negotiation with several other actors and actresses whom to see his u will be well pleased. He has an excel lent artist in Mr, Grist, under whoea capable direction, and with the aid of Miiseiii_' Schemmeil and St. Quentin, the really artistic decorations have been carried outJ The hew stage, by Mr. T. Atkinfm Improvements tjf quite a hovel kind, and tha upholstering has been done practically with* ont stint or limitation. The new drop-scene represents Windsor Cob tie, arid instead o£ the dull green.bfiizd curtain, there is a tiofe satin-doth which with the drawingroom ahwyrtar of .the whole. The opening of the Prinoess'a wu to be by a concert, under the direction of Rig-™- Sal man, last night, and the regular perform* anoes are to commence to- night with Meas&J; Baker and Farran in "Struck 00," bat thm oQmpfotely organised company win not opfceiie until neit mouth. Altogether, I think ML' Bayless Is going to" enter upon aTeifsnoosafi. fal managerial oereer. The Diorama.of the American War at 8U George's Hal), with which rM^,&J;>. is now th MtocUtipn, his &ah;|i;ai houses during the tafek,/ Q!tfp is aitaaost unnecessary to mm , , , confessedly boyood every othto umMotta* we have bad to this oonhtay, tfeSl^p .complimentary to compare him with anybody -else. Bat he is more than a ventriloquist; lie is a humourist of the first kind, and if he , did not aetoniahyoa by his power of voice, be would greatly amase yoa by hie comicali ties. His readiness is diverting, for he has • not only a stock of good things, bat he adds to them day by day from such events as are passing in the world around. Meters. Foster and Martin, of Collins \- street, have recently taken some photographs of several members of the Soldene company, .including that of the seceding Stella. They \- are, as is nsnal with all pictures taken at this establishment, not only good likenesses, bat admirable examples of photography as a true art. There has come from New Zealand the sad -news that poor George Cotterell Is dead .It was not unexpected, but it is neverthe less a source of regret to everybody who \- knew him. For he was not only an actor of the highest order in a particular direction, but he was a good, kindhearted, and most .genial-minded man. In manner he had the simplicity of a child, but there was a quality of poetry in his nature which made everybody who knew him instinctively like him. Like many other men of rare gifts he never was sufficiently understood, and never estimated .at bis proper value. In my opinion he was sever excelled in the power of what is under stood as "character" representation. I never knew any comedian who coald more thoroughly sink his identity in the characters .be personated, and although his rare ex cellence never had an opportunity of show ing itself upon the regular stage, it was for •all that of the most genuine kind. I always boped we should have seen him in regular comedy, and if he hed lived I think we -should have so seen him, and then he woold have taken the very highest position as an eccentric actor. I shall always think of him with affection, and remember his meat talent with melancholy pleasure. TAHira 