 Bundaberg. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.)] September 26. The drought coutinues. The heavy shower of rain mentioned in my last did not spread over any large area, scarcely a mile outside the town boundary. Every hope of obtaining a summer crop of maize has now disappeared from the farmers' mind, and a few months of hard times their only prospect. In the Woongarra Scrub affairs are not quite so serious as elsewhere, because in most instances there a crop will be .gathered, although it will be only the ghost of what was expected. Up Bingera way, however, matters are altogether worse, and much priva- tion seems imminent. Indeed, already some of the poor Danish homestead selectors are com- mencing to suffer, with no chance of alleviation until next May; the low price obtained for their last crop rendered them quite unable to do more than merely pay their way--hardly that in some instances--so that they are totally unprepared to stand the effects of the coming unproductive season. Many of them would leave their holdings and seek employment for a time, but they are unable to do so, as they are all under the Act of 1868, which compels them to reside personally and continuously on their selections for five years. To leave now and risk their certificates, after two or three years' hard labor, is not to be thought of; although in the last extremity, chance of forfeiture will have to be taken. To live upon tho land, feeding sumptuously on maize and wallaby, is all very well while they last, but even this fare will fail--and what remains ! _ It is reported that a movement is to be ini- tiated to obtain the sanction of the Minister for Lands to grant leave of absence for a few months to tho most destitute and deserving of these men ; and if such wore done it would be only just to those who would, if they possibly could manage it at all, willingly reside on and cultivate their land. The majority consist of really hard- working Danes, who took up the land on the strength of a small capital, and the hope of securing good crops and comfortable homes ; for years they have struggled along, clearing all the land they could, improving their homesteads, and expending the proceeds from their crops in add- ing to the value of their possessions. Now that reverses have visited them, they are unable to find the means of subsistence, aud unless they are allowed to seek a livelihood elsewhere, until better times return, must needs pass their time in idleness, bewailing their hard fate, and subsisting as best they can. In an exceptional season such as this it would be a commendable thing to empower the Land Commissioner to grant leave of absence to those rsaking personal applicationa for such, using their own discretion as to the merits of the applicants. Something must be done shortly to relieve the almost, certain privation ; " poverty breeds crime," and a little indulgence may avert trouble. The most influential meeting held for some time past in connection with the Mulgrave Pas- toral, Agricultural, and Horticultural Associa- tion came off on Tuesday evening. The Hon. A. H. Brown made an excellent speech on the object of the society, and prognosticated a good future for it. He highly complimented the members on the choice of their president (Gres- ley Lukin, Esp.), suggested that their annual show should be postponed until after the Mary- borough show in May next. This was finally agreed to. A sub- committee was appointed to carry out the arrangements; and notice given of raising the annual subscription from 10s. to £1. Mr. Brown promised to use his influence, stud, and pecuniary assistance in making the show a success. September 2S. This afternoon, at two o'clock, there was every indication of a most terrific storm ; the sky to the south and south-west was covered with huge rain clouds, and our hopes were raised consider- ably. Shortly after three o'clock, it began to rain--a nice, gentle, penetrating rain, which sounded more charming to our ears than any music could. Everyone fully believed it had set in for the night; but after a very slight portion of the storm we expected, the clouds rolled away, and the sun again appeared. 