OLGA OF VASSEILVITCLI. Mnev is a strange, wild story~-improb able I grant, yet is not truth often more improbable than ficetion is not fact con. tinually proved to be wilder than the wildest fancy dares portray P I, Karl Von Hempfeldt, was ever a mor bid, dreamy, speculative youth, separating myself from my fellows to pursue in soli tude my researches into the mysteries which we call life and death-not even escrupling to practice forbidden arts, if thereby I might attain unto some revela tion of the dim inexplicable "beyond" which held for me so strong a fascination. It was in the beginning of my twenty third year that, reaching the south-western corner of Russia, I tarried for awhile with out apparent reason-drawn thither (so I said afterwards) by inscrutable fate, or rather fortune, to wait the event of my life. Perched on the rocky coat of the Baltic, was then the small seaport of Vaseeilviteh, a quaint medimeval town, whose kremlin boldly faced the sea and seemed a part of the rugged, stern coast it protected. Crowding close within the walls of the fortress laythelittle town. All unchanged stood houmes which long vanished genera tions had inhabited, and if their spirits yet lingered in the dusky corners their presence did not disturb the living denizens. Superstitious, pious, contented, the gentle Russian accepts life placidly, be ift never so hard, believing implicitly that through the help of his friendly saints and the ai of his priest he shall in due time enjoy ieparadise above. It was a bright day in midsummer (for even in that land of snow they have their summers) when Isarrived at the little town, but I recognised at once the presence of an all-prevading gloom. The sun shone unheeded, the people walked silently through the streets, and itf by chance friends met thepy spokein low an tones. The very children played quietly, and cold-hearted indeed wquld have been the maiden whose eyes remained undimmed with tears as she passed the house over which the shadow of death lurked in solemn silence. I soon gathered from the talk around me that this same town, now so sad and hushed, had been but yesterday crowded with gay young folks happy in the antici pation of a grand military ball. Then the air had been filled with merry voices, as the young men and maidens hurried through the narrow, crooked streets, im patient for the pleasures of the evening, for dancing, to the true Russian, is a Bsatis fying and never-ending delight. Scarce had the long shadows faded into twilight gloom ere the sound of music frome She ball-room announced that the festivity had begun, sad there from far and near hastened the guests, the drosehkies driving with mad speed, yet even too slowly for their impatient occupants. All through the hours of that summer night, the sound of the music never ceased, nor did the feet of the dancers grow weary. When at last the ball was over, and the revellers turned reluctantly homeward, every tongue was loud in praise of the beautiful Olga-she had been chosen queen of the ball and crowned with a wreath of white roses, as was the custom of the town. Wherever she moved a throng of brilliant oflicers clustered, until, loth to part, the more enthusiastic of the young men escorted her home and left her smiling and happy in her triumph. In the morning the belle of last night's ball had been found in her room, her head crowned with its wreath of flowers, her muslin dress falling in soft folds around her, her little hands clasped together; there; just as she had come from the ball she sat, lovely, smiling, and dead. The mother would not believe the cruel truth, the prayers of priests were sought, the value of sacred relics vainly tried, the favour of the Blessed Virgin invoked with tears and presents; then, all else failing, ohysicians were brought that they might ry, by their vaunted skill, to restore life to the beautiful dead form. AU this and more was reconnted tome soon after sy arrival, and so powerfully was my imagination excited by the tragedy that I found it impossible to think of any thing else. Suddenly I was seized with a mad impulse-what if I could carry off the body of the dead girl and experiment upon it--and the thought once entertained, epeedily became a devouring desire, which silenced reason had led me altogether casp. tive. I shut my eyes determinedly to the dangers and difficurlties in my way, indeed, they but added zest to my madproject, and set myself to plan the ways and means of this robbery of the dead with all the en thusiasm of my nature. Restleesly I paced the narrow strete, but found myself ever returning to the house I would fain have entered, the housie where olga slept her dreamy sleep. It was an old, austere-looking b'silding. From each of its five stories iron croses brs spread themselves out into cluters sup porting the house, and thus atqeaceaerng for use as well as ornament. It was overtopped by an old-fashioned, denticulated gable, a has relief of .a syren was set in the wall, andthopgh defaced by time I could fancy that the stony eyes were fixed sternly and disapprovingly on me, and this glance impressed me with a vague fear, seen in the deolining dsylight. Still I lined as in a dream, gasing at these waUs that told no secrets, half tempted toitry and force open the massive door; buton eitherside was a recesedpedi ment where chubby checked but fierce Caryatides kept watch and forbade my entrance. Overhead the crows and ravens flew swiftly, fspping their wings and screaming disoordantly as they sought their nests for the night, and to my distorted fancy these -nrcanh birds seemed to be chanting a re quiem for the dead. The day was now over,; and as I turned to walk away in the deepening shadows the lamps before the holy pictures and shrines were beginning to glimmer more brightly, and the sacred figures, half resembling heathen idols, looked out at me as if they possessed a dread phantom life. Before the curtain had been drawn for the night, I had obtained a glimpse of the room. This, with my knowledge of Bus j _?unstoms , enabled me to picture to mys~e~el-f trsr~:innus-1do Thesirchet I knew were already lighted around the bier4 revealing the beautiful Olga arrayed in a pink shroud, with her hands crossed meekly on her breast and a garland of fresh flowers on her head. The priest chants the psalms for the dead, and scatters perfumes over the body, while watching maidens cross themselves and pray for the repose of the departed soul. The light of these burial torches barely reaches to the distant corners of the lofty room, and but faintly illumes the old dingy tapestry and the portraits, ancestral and historic, that adorn the walls. Men of fierce aspect with perukes and steel cuirasses starred with goldeo. nails and traversed with the broad ribbon of some knightly order-high ladies in costumes of different reigns display their faded charms and graces long gone by. One lovely yopng countess had retained lips of brilliant carmine and blue eyes of unaltered saure, and she looked out from the depths of her tarnished frame upon the form of the kinswoman, and seemed to smile her a welcome to the world of the dead. I could fancy all this painted co-m. pany, watching with earnest, fixed game the mourners, the priests, the lights and the corpse, wearing a sad sntile, as if they would say, "You too shall be forgotten." Three days of mourning pass- as the torches burn low fresh ones are brought ever sounds the voice of the prigpt chant ing psalms and prayers for the rest of the seaul, while the murmur of the mourners keeps low and sorrowful accord. Determined to carry out my plan, I waited with what patience I could com mand, until on the burial day I mingled with the throng of mourners and entered the house, and then for the first time I gazed upon the dead girl. Long and earnestly I scrutinised the lovely face, so exquisitely beautiful even in death that a feeling of pity came over me, and the impulse which had possessed me thus far seemed monstrous. I struggledwith myconflicting emotions ; awe, tenderness, curiosity, filled my breast by turns, until my agitation became almost uncontrollable, and I felt that I was drawing attention to myself which was by all means to be avoided. Yet I could not leave the spot; the more I hated my former project, the more I seemed drawn to the side of this angelic creature whose lovelness, already doomed, held me with a -jell ~which to living woman had yet exerised upon ?e. Exaectly what I pro posed I knew no I followed the funeral p 'onwasi w thrn?gh'the rious darkness. lhe pictured saint stood dim against their gold backgrounds, and the holytapers flickered with a fitful, yellow. light upon the altar, The priest,a venerable, long-haired,long' bearded old man, mitred like a magioian, clad in a dalmatic, stiff with gold embroid cry, and supported by two acolytes, eame out of the sanotuary and recited thdesacred formulas in a voice senile but perfeetly distinct. After he had chanted a palm the ceremony was ended, audthe proceeeion moved toward the sepulchre in the.outer garden. ' During these moments I had formed my1 plans, and while everyone was kneeling aa'D the concluding prayers I stole ~from the church, and oreptailently down the little yard. Long cloisters stretched on either1 side, their arches embrowned by the emoke i and rust of centuries-o-no abited now, by monk or nun, a home only for the mourning wind or the solitary bird. Unmindful of the desolation, as of the 'by-gone grandeur, overmastsred by tempt'.? tdon, I entered the open sepulchre, :and standing close in one corner was loatin the gloom. Here I remained until the 4ong; slow tbolling of the bell roused me to a& till conseolonaness of my position. Se thedeeap vibrations emote the dread silenoe arpnnd me, I knew that the eeresfony was eOver? the mourners departed, 'nd I alone with the dead! The spell of the tomb wee upon me. , i moved softly, as if these dull ears conld hear, or these closed eyes could ses me." With thembling, uncertain onges I ?esised the coffin lid, longing to gate once mbre uponthe face that had so enchained ?cay :'fncy. So hbeautiful she was that my heart soto me afresh, and I could almost fanay that from every side the voices ne her: ~ ~l kinsmen were threatening me, the prlfias disturber of ibti last asep, withty8P df Sorely it was little wonder i?' hy ejon in that abode of death and decay, done with the reproaches of my ono e should have tended to unsettlemy or to light rash impulse into mdness. ,As the stillness of midnight crept oeIi Sthe town the far-away murmnur ,it e made itself ~adible to my.esaiiediaee, The moaning lullaby quickenedelyps l -e- &a; desperate eourageaaove4ne to en; ta& With the superhuman strength of a r man, as I was, I shook violently the ep gates. Rnstyand worn by time the loli yielded, and slowly, the door of the tobsb opened. . I looked out into the dim, deserted gar, den-no signs of life or -snoyement :ae deseoernible. Back into the dark,4,old, ?ansty vault I' went, to return.with the maiden in my arms. Carefully I wppe may clok about the tender form,sfy pilowed the fair cheek on 'amyhol tea nwith mahy a 'baakwardtt glance, half.erpestant of ghosetlyfdllow Ifled'towad the wide; otanding sea.' i,, The ool; night iir fanned maabrow; the stars bid themselves from me J swithth?is strange, &old; briden stralane'olose t y heart laoed- , and nsillon.u - -? itlastthel?ffe wereinsight. Ethaatdd; I sank. down5 stiu grasping s mnyiraere; et powerlessfor somes inomonts to prioee The Maves dashed agaliet the teekoo; iid the white foam leaped upinhuge f~ahtaetio bormi like legions of ghoeste; the lte moon' crept slowly up the heavens, leaving ,i lurid trail on the water and lighting Uste mad waves with a great glory, let of al, shining on the white face of the beautiful dead Olga. " All glorious, terrible and uanreal w?as the' scene; I felt myself on the boundaries bo the spirit world ; the foaming waves seemed' like friendly shapes beckoning me iith outetretohed arms, and in i a new tii t' I bent and kissesd 'the upturned, inoolit face, then sprang fearlessly into the'seea. There my reoelleqtions fail me-J hares confused impression of struggle and grw intg weaknes--of anguish of, body a mind as the fieroe waters alosed, aron me, surged over me, engulfed m--then same a shout, another, lights, stronggriap. ings, and allt else is blank- ', When at last Igroped my .wRayback conscious life, it was hard to .separate the real from the shadowy, the aotal from my dreams, and I .was fain to ask help of the sailors who surrounded mae. . . The story, stripped of its details, was brief enough. Almost in the moment of my mad leap into the sea, a ship was sail. ing in the moon's path of light, and,to her crew I owed my rescue from the death I lhad dared. Oloseclasped I had 1id' my companion, so closely-3ctlal it had been difficult to loosen my grasp. At? 'ist the ship's surgeon had pronouncedas both dead; lout after hours of patient miniaterlogo the breath of life ted been wen bask 0to o?h.; Here 'I stsrted ,'ouasd into dat strength and resoilection by that last word. "Both"' I gasped, "both" and then daredesay no more. The man repeated it. "Yes, etbboi'ye and the lady, mr, and she is as beautifbie an angel, though she don't seim to altogether right in her head yiet. 'ut maybe when she sees you tgain, she'll, dd better." Paint, speechless, I listened Was Olgs no. dead? Were the events of that terrible night a delu~ion P But then-how. was it that shea weas found in my arms. The sailor waited as giviinrmge time. At last I whispered, tremb'llg, "Takeme. toher!" and he guided my fate g ates fuor I wasyet very weak, toa corner o he deck, where, supported with shawlsg nd cunshions, I saw the dead andburiged Olga, al??.l Yet, was this indeed life, this shadoed. eilent, mute veistence, . wheedin thQgrtt sad eyes gazed forever inito the ditaneca if seeing unutterable things, and whee' M faintest smile ever erossed the poe, dure lip sa~nk down beside her. I took ,cr chill,.lifeless baud in. mine. I poured ouVt all my soul in loving words, but:to .sp purpose. She did not look at me. She did1 not listen. She only geed os, and made no answer, gave no sign. Thenceforth every care and thought was given to Olga. Her restoration becamemy' one hope, and I struggledb hourly, yet all in vain, to break the strange; dumb spell which so chained her soul. I had soonlearned that we were indebted to a pirate for our'rescne, iand as time wenit by. one day the captaisi threw open some trunks full of rich wearing apparel, and bade me take what I chose for Olga's needs, calling her my sister, as indeed they. had named her from the first. With many thanks, I dragged oat costly armfule of robes and laid them down hdfore my' Iove, but she, turning away listlessly from gleam ing silks end shimmering laces, chose only a nun's dress of grey.serge, andwould wear no other. Butehe wseasurpssinglybeautifulin this garb. r golden hairflo - as rip cash I I on-l~ tigle i· iWit di~ 