FICTION. 4Êw»m guiiUih, An»rlean, and otto« Periodical!. THE MYSTERY or ATHERSTONE GRANGE. CHAPTER XXIXV CHANGED. Ï Her face is smiling and her voieejv sweet ; But uniles betray, and music aros deceit, And words speak false. ?Hood. " Nothing- wiir^ení nwYiútíktill my life end with it. ThinT?^^Îî>3to»î© tforçm as always OB my finger,dear, i shall neverpfït*4j:om it." Scatooly three months since, Beryl Atheratona bad spoken these words lovingly into Allan Temple's cara, and looked up at him with the love which she swore should be his and his only full hor Uto should cease. Now she stood looking on the AtherBtone jewels, brought down from London by a special messenger for her in- spection, and twirled the little pledge of faith upon her white finger with a contemptuous aotion. The gems that had ooma to her by inheritance sparkled at hor from their velvet cushions, and Gent glittering gleams of many-coloured light over her delicate hands as she lifted them one afteranothor, and admired their coally radiance. The AthorslûDcs had always been curious in gems and some of their heirlooms were almost priceless. " It is like a fairy tale," BhoVsaid to Mr. Carson, twiating^a ruby bracelet routtd her white arm. " I fed .ai'though I wcre^Rndorella at the ball, and that «ftp tWjJlooKstrikas I shall And myself baok by Ore imbaTO^garth, among the cinders, with the rats and mioe*kre&tored; to their prístino shape, and no fairy godmother to sizower good fortune on me any more." " Ah, my dear, the good fortune is established aow," said the old lanjver with a smile. *' Nothing can take it away. I It only wants the prince to make the fairy tal« complote, and ho «ill como along some day " " May be not." ".I think he will ; perhaps |e has come already Excuse my bluntncss, my eomc to England heari>whole| " Hcart-wholo, Mr. Carson ''Yes; it ÍB a subj cot yotÄ cousins have felt anxious about, and I dares!» will hardly like $o speak of. You see, MissffAtherstono of tho ©range is a very different pelaon to Mies Ather atone of tho Melbourne Thfitre, and we feared i&at; perhaps you had enter estent in Australia before fchej ..father's death reaohed you, " Whioh I should bo as friends need not be afraid, sever disgraoo the Athersj alliance." Poor Allan Temple ! fa .with his heart fall of lovj anight havo been betterforj sar, but have you into some engage' news of your grand Hiioh-" amed of now. My tr. Carson. I shall bne name by a mes away over the sea, for the heiress. It im had he been ablo ,Ur. .«.""J tl,"_" jti iLdu tue buuuguds ui nuil gin wuu biiuuu were «nth a haughty smile curing her beautiful lips, aad the Athelstone frown-the soowl so like Star grandfathor's-makiig» dark lines on her 3ro«ng forehead. " I am glad to hear it, the lawyer replied j « very glad. I should no , of course, have ooun aelled you to break off ,ny engagement you .iníght Lavo ontercd into, ' it those things some- tíales turn oat awkward!] " " No engagement of ni ae will oooasion any «awkwardness," Beryl said '" I am free and un iattered, believo me." " And I 'have been ti nking now that that might bo a love token," th the little ling with the tip Sure one ; a mottoed ring is always suspicious " " It is a token of frion ship, nothing moro," 3eryl replied ; " a womal 3 gift presented to mc ions. I do not know lawyer said, touching f his finger. "It looks %j ono of my stage eompa Tfiiy I wear it, I am sure " For friendship's sa Hiss Atherstone." But the friendship ooul| not have been very £rm, for Mr Carson saw ne ring no more, and ¿e came to the conelueionin his own mind that Miss Atherstone, despite mr simplicity and art îessnesa, WHB a very worldl" «at much feeling for anyo: «elf. Mr. Carson had drawn cousin, who was looking eagerly as a woman, whil ^which eomothing in the and the sight of the ri: prompted It was a girlish-looking faoe whioi ¿ter their brief colloquy.] ** Mr. Carson wants t ïisart whole," she said tiiat I must have left th| Soyond the seas." " And you have not ?'| The young man spoke in his voice He had «mein two days, yet he ?that earth held nothing ti ker bright eyes. Shi «inating, with a kind oj that he could not resist -inmost heart, he feared. ."I have not," she look for look, smile for to England with me, Ev 41 And there is no on ¡n Melbourne-not a lit "Not a little bit, ex 2 eare for her muoh ; gontlemsn, I think." " Í did," replied the 1 * I waa afraid wa I should imagine, í young woman, with save her own pretty ieryl away from her [the jewels almost as íe asked the question Impression of her faco on her finger had ty pretty, innocent, she turned to Noel I know whether I am He seems to fancy 1 part of my anatomy rith almost a tremble |ily known his pretty rag beginning to find or him like the beam I was dangerously fas Circe-like attraction |and yet whioh, in his ring him baok fcmile. "I brought it " bit of it." fön eare for oat there bit?" pt poor Mrs Dalton, tit Mr. Carson meant rycr, looking round, should have some one ooming over presently and claiming our heiress." " Thank Heaven, ' our heiress' has no fetters of that sort about her," th^jmurj^ man said warmly. " Wo should grudge our^Karwiokshiro beauty to an Australian man. Yßa can piok from all England, S^cyl, ifjpu/CDOSo." " A. woman nevl\SAÄ|7Vw8aid Beryl, laughing ; " there's a great deal^Swd" about selecting a husband, bat fate does that. Kismet brings you the man you aro to marry and you take him. Sometimes she is kind enough to throw the glamour of love ovor the business sometimes not; but it's all the same-you marry bim in the end." " What horrible ideas !" Noel said, staring at her with a comioal, half amused look. " You talk as though yon had had the experience of a long life in suoh matters " " I've had the experience of twenty lives in some things," Boryl said wi^asigh. "Not in love affairs-I don't mean wkfitj but in worldllness of all sorts. Think whaftmy life of wark has been, cousin Noel, andfotgjfe me if I seem heartless and^iard." Ä^ She turned to-the^wewrafLand her faoe brightened into its¡wonted lighness as she prattled over, the splendid gems. " I should like to make a grand family dis- tribution of them," she said, " and divide them amongst us How grand yonr mother would look in this opal and ruby parure, and these turquoise and pearl ornaments are the very things for Lilly. It seems horriMeto think I oan't give thom away." ^^ " My moth* and Lilly will tase the will for the deed," Noe^Mid. " ShaJL-^e go baok to them, or do you waôti^^oW your property juBfc onoe more ?" ""s»*" ^*^. " No. I «an bear to tear myself away from them. Please shut them ,up, Mr. Carson ; tbey quite make my eyes aoheï I don't think they will see daylight much winle they are my pro- perty, except a few of thejävery simplest." " Indeed, thoy will. YJpu forget the giietieB before you when your timetbf mourning is over your presentation, and thf London season." "My what?" I " Your presentation." I " When ? To whom ?'| " At Court-to the Quien." " Me !" I Noel laughed outright at Beryl's dismayed faoe " Of oourse, my dear c UBÍD the ordeal of the Drawing room (and it is n ordeal) is the pass- port to society among th upper ten. Kissing the Queen's hand will ma :e you eligible for all the balls, parties, and amt ements of the fashion- able world. SogotyourE If up in the necessary bows and genuflexions-1 beliove ourtseying in a Court train is DO easy c itter; and my mother will find some one to preE nt you." " Can't she do it ?" " You unsophietioated little foreigner ? No. She has never been to Court- shewas not an heiress, nor my father the squire. ^ e are bolow the salt, Beï$, as oompared to vûsr' When Beryl retired to reatfthat night she very soon dismïBg'ed^Fa^j^ \^ " I'm so u.-ed to waiting onSttyse^ ohild," she said, " that I like it," and when the girl was gone she olosed her room door, turned the key and sat down to think. Then she opened her desk and sat far into the night ÍB di ting a letter to Mrs Dalton She told her all that had happened and how she had boon received by her relations, and expressed her pleasure at being told by everyone what a true Atherstono Ehe was in face, voioe, and manners 3ho informed Mrs. Dalton of the oxaot; amount of her property and her jewels, and told her long ero this she would have rcoeived a cheque from Mr. Carson's agent in Melbourne. She did not conceal from her old friend that the lawyer had'rather demurred at the amount, but intimated pretty«, plainly that she was mistress of Atherstone, jrnd meant to show that she was so by sending for her as soon as ever she ooùla^uak^ t£k n&essary; arrange- ments. She was to travel abouS^rst, she told ber, and see tho people she had known when she was a ohild ; and sho frankly owned she did not care much about revisiting those half-forgotten scenes She was just as frank in speaking of her old friends in Melbourne, and begged Mrs. Dalton not to cnoonrago any of the people from the theatre to write to her. Her friends were very kind in ignoring that portion of her career, she said, and she wished to do so also, if possible. In oonolusion, she added that Mrs. Dalton might write as freely as she liked to her, for that she should open the letters by herself and take care that all her letters oame safely to her own hands. Sho road her little epistle very carefully over when she had finished it, and then sealed it, turning the iittleringon her finger to impress the motto " Semper Fidelis" on the hot wax. " Always faithful."-" So I am to her," she muttered as she pulled cff the senseless little trinket and dropped it contemptuously into a drawer ; " but not to him an Australian actor. No, indeed; he will have got over his love dream by this time, and Miss Atherstone of the G-range must have no souvenirs of a life like the past." Changed indeed by prosperity, utterly spoiled and blinded by it, was Beryl Aiherstone. She bad no regret now for tho separation her money brought between her and the man who loved her so dearly. . V Some weeka\o;a6sed away very quietly at Atherstone Grange. Beryl alternatiefp between her home and horoWsinsfcWl declining for the present to travel as nor frrenas wnhed. " Let me make acquaintance witir my home first," she pleaded. " There is plenty of time for the reBt." And they let her have her way, and she went about the Grange and its neighbourhood making herself beloved in a fashion that was at once unintelligible and delightful to Norton Ather- stone and his wife. The good folks of Warwick- shire are slow to take a fanoy to a new comer. They are faithful and loyal to old loves and old friends, bat the least bit suspioious and distrust- ful of faoes and poople they do not know. The oottagers, the estate, the simple folk, old and young, at Lillington, her tenants, the country gentry-in faot, every one that come near her suooumbed to Beryl's fasoi nation at once, and were loud in her praise. In a month from her landing she was as muoh at homo and as well up in all the localities round the Grange as though she had been born and brought up in her grandfather's house, and in the olergyman's household ehe became as one of the family. Going in one morning through the open Frenoh window of the pretty parlour where Mrs. Atherstone usually sat, she found no one there and the room in a oonfuBion that waa very un- common Ringing the bell, she asked the par- lourmaid where the family were. ''Master's gone off to Leamington, Miss to Mr. Carson's, I believe ; and missis is up stairs with Miss Lüly, sho's boenïk hysterios and fainting fits evSksinoe breakfast/' " Indeed ! H^^ything happened ?" " I think so, ^fcs i^Sjpn'V rightly koo w. There was a letter Tibia Australia^ and I think there was bad news in it about young Mr. Car- son, for Misa Lilly was took ill direotly, and master went off galloping on blaok Agnes fife to break the horse's nook and his own too I hope I haven't said anything to frighten you Miss, you've turned so pale," said the girl hurriodly, staring at Beryl, with whom the room seemed to be turning round. " No, thank you j I was a little startled, that is all Are you sure the news was about young Mr. Carson?" " I heard master say so, Miss." " He weat out to fetch me, you know, M ty and got lost, and I had to oome home alone after all." " Yea, I know Miss," said Mary, for whom the romantio story of Beryl's finding and home ooming had wonderful oharas ; " and I think the news must be that Mr. Graham ia dead, by Mias Lilly carrying on so." " Oh, I hope not ! I suppose I may go up." " I should think so, MÍSB." Beryl walked up stairs with a wildly beating heart and a faoe that was grey in its pallor Mrs Atherstone opened the door of her daugh- ter's room with traoes of tears«apher faoe. " My dear child, is it JMK she said " What is the matter, aro you 'ïïM You are very white." \ £ " Mary has startle^ne^^thewews, auntie ; that is all. She says you have heanWpom Mel- bourne about Mr. Carson. What is it. Do tell me !" " Come in, dear," said the lady, pulling her into the room ; " we have had news Poor Lilly's terribly upset, though I hope it is net ao bad as the letter seems to say." " Then he is not dead ?" said Beryl in a strangely shrill voioe. " Mr. Carson is not dead ?" " No, my dear, he's not, thank Heaven for it ! How white you do look, to bo sure, and how you tremble Sit dowrThere by Lilly, and I'll tell you all about it You sag-" She stopped suddenly as Bory)»took her seat by the sofa wnare po^LiHy lather pretty faoe all blurred and temSrwinod,∧ her hands olasped over the locket whioh oo^ajned the me- mento of Graham Carson. " Go on," said Beryl, puzaled at Mrs. Ather stone's sudden stopping. " Or is there any secret in it that I am not to hear ?" "That's just it, my dent The person who has written to us espeoially\aks us to Bay no- thing to ypu about it. JLdun't know how he thought we ware gwig tape op any news about Australia fronr^^F^Arrfhow, Mary has let it all out, I suppose. Poor GrVajjam is alive, but very ill-quite out of his mind/ïh faot Some- one seems to have tried to murder him bathe waa providentially found and taken care of by a gen- tleman who had soon him during the few days ho was there about your business." " Murdered 1" vV. Beryl gasped out the word lil» someone in a dream. ^J " Who wouldWant ta murder him in Mel- bourne ?" -<C,N*IS^t " Some thief most likely, my dear; though no one can tell. He is quite out or his mind from the hurts he has bad. We'll go down- stairs and talk about it. Lilly will be better if she oan go to sleep, poor child 1" and she gave her a draught that should send her off. Beryl Btooped over her cousin and kissed her, with some murmured words of\ympathy ; but her lips were as cold as ioe, and-tnere was a wild, frightened look in hereyesi " She is u-psej;, tpV^mamma," Lilly said ; " make her have some wine.'^^. And, indeed, Miss Atherstone'u.id look upset by the news she had heard. She made her aunt toll her everything that was in the letter, whioh tho good lady did, regretting that she oould not show it her, for that Mr. Atherstone had taken it to show Mr. Carson. " And who wroto, auntie ?" asked Beryl at length " Who has been taking care of the poor fellow ?" " A Mr. Temple, my dear, >n actor He says-Why, Beryl, ffljt lovel J>jin't faint, my ohild ; drink thitfi" ^S5« (T Only just in time-another Aroment and Beryl would have fallen from her chair, but by a mighty effort she controlled herself. " It all seems so dreadful," Bho said. " How strange Mr. Temple should have found Mr. Car- son !" » \ " Do yon know him ?" ^ " Oh, yes; he>M an aotor-rh the theatre at Melbourne I sa^a^goodueal of him in the way of business." CHAPTER XXX 60 OFT REPEATED. If love were what the rose la, And I were like the len!, Our lives would crow together In sod or smellie; weather, Blown fields or llowerful closes, Green pleasure or grey enef ; If love were what tile rose is, Anti I were like the leaf. Swinburne " Then poor Graham has not fallen into bad hands ?" said Mrs, Atherstone, looking at Beryl ouriously. " This Mr Temple seems to write like a gentleman at any rate " " Ho is a gentlemanly young man enough," she replied carelessly. "I always found him pleasant and well-bred when I acted with him, and that is a groat doal to say of a stage hero " " He tolls a very queer story, my ohild, and distinctly asks us not to tell you; I don't know why, bus as you have heard part, you may as well know all. Do you remember anything about Mr. Carson's going ashore again at Mel- bourne ?" \ " Not muoh, auntie. I was in such a whirl of excitement and grief that <£was quite con- fused and bewildered. ^Thjs Very actor, Mr, Templo, was on board, wlth-iwo oMhree others, to see me off, and it was he who told me that Mr. Carson had gone baok for something-I never knew what for. I don't know whether he knew. It was only after we had started that it was dieoovered that poor Ursula and I were alone." " It is very queer. In this letter he says that Mr. Carson was summoned ashore by a note from his father." « His father I" " Yea ; that he had followed him oat on business, and must see bim immediately." "Ido net understand. He never went to Australia, did be"?" " No, of oourse not. It was a ruse, a plot of some one's to*keepvhitn there." " To rob him ?" " Hardly. I don't suppose poor Graham had muoh money left after supplying you and paying his expenses and passage home. It is unfathom- able-mysterious to a degree." "I can't understand Mr. Temple's being mixed up in it," Beryl said quietly. " 1 thought it was the poliee you applied to." " So it was, my dear, but they know nothing about it evidently. Mr. Templo seems to have some strong motive for keeping everything sooret connected with the matter. It seems to have upset you, my child. You are very whito and wan still." "I was upset for a minute," said Beryl quietly, " but I am quite woll now. I hope you will have bettor news, next mail; and pray don't keep anything a secret from me. I am as muoh interested in Mr. Carson's safety and re- turn as anyone. I have felt all along as though his loss lay at my door." " My dear, you shall know everything thero is to be told," Mrs. Athorstone said. " Will you spend the day here ?" i "No; I'll goVfeoin^I^ifflL l'Ve some letters to write, antone*or two pfeaple to see. Can Noel_ spare time to ride with mo this afternoon, if it is fine ?" " Noel would spare time to do anything for or with you," his mother replied. J* Ah, Beryl, my child, he would be a happier maÖäf yon were not rioh." V Ï " Why, Auntie>. ». tf~ " Booause he would «ot feafc^hen to speak out what fills his heart-to whisper "to his pretty oousin that he loves her above all earthly thing«. You have turned my boy's head, my dear, and the Grange stands in his way. Were you Leonard Atherstone's disinherited ohild, instead of the possessor of his father's, acres, you would be Noel's eqJwL. Now-" - ¿ " Auntie, does if^^rw^voCthat yon are talking nonsense?" asked jBeryl/ftasbing rosy red. " Noel not my equal ! Why where, in the whole wide world, is there anyone to equal him ? If ho loves me, auntie dear, I love him ; but this isn't leap year, you know, and I must wait till the Sultan ohooses to throw the handkerchief in my direotion." She put up her rosy Ups with a childlike gesture to be kissed, and Mrs. Atherstone took her into her motherly arms and embraced her, warmly. She had como to love hor as a daughter this stranger from the Antipodes, won by the strange fasoination that she exercised over every- one with whom she carne in contnot. " My darling, there is nothing I should like better," she said ina pleased tone. "But it must not be-at loast not yet." " Must not, auntie 1 Why ? Won't you have mo for a daughter ?" "Won't I, dear Boryl? Riçht gladly would I welcome the day that gave you to us in a yet more loving bond. But you must have breath- ing time, my dear. Mrs Grundy must not say that we kept you hero at Atherstone, and let you have no free ohoioe. You must go into the world, my dear, for one season at least, and mix with your own olasg, your equals, soe other men (Noel is the only one you have mot as yet, you know), and be able to choose. You will have all tho best men in Loudon at your feet, little heiress, when once your pretty faoe has been seen there." " I don't want tbem, auntie dear. I'm afraid the only man I «have seen will always bo the only one for me.\l shall have tojeverao the order of things, and^un away wbh him, if you won't lot him marry ïfie,,^^irïg><^part, dear, I am afraid I have learned to love him too woll to think of anyone else. The world never holds more than one man for a woman who loves " "Ata time," somo one has said ; but Boryl Atherstone spoke truly. She hud's, passionate, impulsive nature, and sinoe she eamo)to England sho had given her':wholo hcarirfo hor cousin Noel. Perhaps love^bBgT)Wov<j, for oortainly his began the moment he set eyes'on the pretty creature who had suddenly ooma to claim what ho hoped to be his heritage ; and every aotion, look, and word of hers since her arrival at the Grange had only made the loss of his heart moro irretrievable than ever. v She was for'ever dojng some-little grnoefnl aot of kindness to thQB&#bo% her. Within a fortnight of her ooming homor^her patrimony she had appeared at the Glebe one niorning, and walking into his father's study, had put a folded papor into his band. It oaancod that the ques- tion of ways and moana was perplexing the rector very muoh that morning. \A very heavy amount for rent and repairs, had to be found within a few daysf;and Ekooffld not make it up without drawing upon tiro already lessoned sum he had set apart for his younger ohildren. Boryl had heard something of this, and gueBsed moro, and she laid it on his desk with a smilo " To help to solve the problem, undo," she said, and vanished before he had time to look around. Wondering what it might moan, the reotor opened what she had brought, and found a deed of gift of the Glebe, with all the lands and tenements thereto pertaining, to him and to his heirs for evor. It was his at last, the old houso where he Had lived so long, and the broad lands before the window, which he had so ofion sighed to possess, that he might leave them to his children ; and there were tears in bis eyes as ho turned to his wife, who entered at the in- stant. " What has sent Beryl soampering off in suoh a fashion ?" she asked. She would not stop to speak to anyone. Have you been scolding her ?" " Scolding her, my dear ! Look here !" And Aunt Atherstone's tears fell fast over the paper as she read the generous words. It was Beryl's simple, unaffected joy at his parents' happiness that first woka iu Noel's heart the knowledge of what he felt for his oousin He carried her image baok to nhuduty with him, and tried toMoaeon himself outj)f his passion, but it was no use; evarv day's/leavo that he oould obtain fou^hjmiA borie, hungry for a sight of her, pining of"ujmile j^and when the news of Graham Carson's misha^s&aohed; the Globe, he was at home on a month's Christmas furlough. Beryl had engaged to spend the fes- tive season at the Rootory-she did not know enough people, she deolared toVinvito a largo party. Let the servants have who) merrymaking they liked, but she^ouWSiomrto them if they would have her at tbÔ-^rebo^next year she would open the old house, anuTteep a right merry English Christmas in it. So it was decided that from Christmas Eve she should leave the Grange to her servants, and join her cousins at the Rectory. It wanted »boat a week of the time whan Allan Temple's letter arrived, and oaused eo muoh consterna- tion. Noel saw his oousin home, and rode with her to Guy's Cliff in the afternoon, h>t Beryl was thoroughly nreoooupied and o'"-* " This affai%about poor (rairson has unnorved you," the youngmanJjH, after they had ridden some time in eilemjp. ^sionl^k quite sad and tired over it." " I dare say I do ; I feel so. Anti yet I don't know why. I hardly remember what Mr. Car- son was like, poor fellow ; and I don't suppose he would remember me We saw very little of each other; and yot, for all that, I seem to have a terrible presentiment of evil over me." " What evil can happen to you, Boryl ?" the young man said, looking tenderly into her lustrous eyes. "Have you not everything that makes life most blessed - friends, wealth, beauty ? Thero are not many girls so dowered ?" " Yes, I have all these, Noel ; but I am lonely." Who is it says that ' There oan bo no companionship for loneliness of heart V Somcono -some woman, porhaps, as desolate as I am " Her little gauntletted hand went up to her faoo, and Noel saw that she was weeping Somehow her heart was full, arid har nerves shaken, and tears oame sometime^ un'aooountably and unbidden in a'relievingeliWer. " What great evonl'StfttaytaM&^^rases Bpring," says someone whe knowlvhaVawnatuY&yery; well indeed. But forjtho " little cause" of Beryl's few tears and somewhat petulant words, Noel Atherstone might perohanoe have left his love unspoken-have waited till his oousin had, aa his mother said, seen the world and taken her ohoioe. As it was, he spoke. He was in love -she was sad ; and what maf"wjth Dan Cupid's arrow in his heart oould even mar the sight of his inamorata's tears? TTÂo^ihe young soldier said to his orphan cousin matters little. He dried her teafy, and told the love that was struggling with h¡s\ove¿ty<¿ntfhis pride ; told " the old, old story" t%f^da» WWsoored to Eve under the rustling boughs of Eden-that woman will listen to till the last daughter of our common mother ohangca the kiss of passion for the aalute of death. And Beryl listened, and her tears dried, and her eyes wore bright onoe more. And when ho murmured, as men will, that he oould not help it, and that the world would des- pise him for what it would call a mercenary set on his part, Beryl laid her little hand in his, and bade him defy the world, for that she loved him very dearly, and only wanted his dear oom panionship to make her the happiest woman alive. Most of us have known some suoh moments in our lives-- some suoh halo of happiness as hung around the two young people as they rode back to the rectory Jjhat afternoon. The Reotor looked very graVo when his son told him what had passed. \ "People will say we have^çlanned this hing ho Baid : " you should «nave taken your mother's advioe. my boy, andflwaited " "I couldn't/V.was^tel'sVirt reply; and Mrs. Atherstone toolyup*theSudgelB for her boy, and told her husband what Beryl had said in the morning. "I hope the child won't ohange her mind; that's all," the Reotor said. "I'm afraid we have been to blame in the matter ; we should not have thrown them together so muoh." But Mr. Carson, to whom Norton Atherstone imparted the news the next day, differed entirely in opinion from his friend, and declared that it was tho vory best thing that could happen. " Noel is a fino looking young fellow handsome, generous, and brave," he said, " and your young oousin is a beautiful girl, with money, manners, and plenty of sense- Her estate wants a master, and her heart has ohosen one. What oould be botter f\ As to Mrs. Grundy, letter say what she ohooftes ; she will talk, dear old%lady, whatever happens." He was greaHy ^et^ered be the knowledge that his son was, alive, for Seebad grown to believe that he should never seonim again ; and he paid a visit to the Grange tho day after the memorable ride to Guy's Cliff, looking more bright and hopeful than Beryl had seen him look since his return. Ho told her that he had telegraphed to Mr Temple for further news immediately, and also to a bankingNfirm out thero jo supply the young gentlemanSivith^fundat'and send a full answer baok. Hehopedrto hoarmoro in a week at farthest, he said, and then, Ir^neoossary, he would start at once and fetch his boy. Graham was still a boy to him, and would be to tho day of his death. r*v And then he congratulated Boryl in a courtly, oldfashionedSnanner, on heroflgagemont to her oousin, and lifted ha&hand;^to his lips while wishing her every happinessHn^suoh a union. " You aro vory kind," sho said blushingly " I ought to be happy. I was half afraid you would disapprove." " Why, my dear ?" " I hardly know, I thought'perhaps you would think me bold, unmaidenly in letting my love be seen. I faarcávmv conaina miatít think rtin-t- T had been luring^ool WE. HO is so good, so noble) he might have oïîosen froa^the highest in the land if ho liked " ^ Mr. Carson stared at her and laughed. " My dear ohild," he said, " do you know what you aro talking about?" "I think so" " I don't. Why, the advantage is all on his side it is you who gives he who takes ; and he'd be a lucky young dog, if you hadn't a penny, to get your pretty self-take an old man's word for it." " I will," said Beryl simply. " It makes mo so happy to hear you say so. How kind every- one is to mo." / '. And how you wheedle all of us. You turn us all round your finger." Which sho did, even coaxing them into ac- quiescing in her scheme of bringing Mrs Dalton over-a plan which no ono liked, though no one could have told why. The good lady was to como, though no time had boon fixed-after Beryl had been on her proposed travels was talked of In tho meantime all was in abey- ance. Mr. Carson's telegram was duly answered within the time he hoped, and he oame to the Reotory, and showed it to tho Hector with tears It was from Graham Carson himself, stating that ho had been very ill, but was muoh better, and should start for home in a few weeks, aa soon as ho was strong enough. He would write by the next mail, Beryl congratulated the old man on the re ooipt of the message, whioh oame on New Year's Day, and hoped it would be a happy omen for the coming year. Then she went home and thought it over, and her meditations were rather ourious for a young lady. She was oogitating what influence she oould bring to bear on her ßancie to make him hurry matters so as to marry her, and take her out of England before Graham Carson oame home. CHAPTER XXXI. HOMEWARD BOUND. Se« on the deok, gar numbera pour, Seeking a glimpse of their native shore ; Smiles of enjoyment are beaming round, Ob, light are the heart« of the homeward bound, -A)wn, The telegram was indeed sent by Graham Gason. From the time when he spoke tho few rational words to Allan Temple and his father about Norton Atherstone's means, he rapidly improved, till by the time the message arrived I from his father he was able to reoolleot what i had happened to bim, and to tell his adventures to his friends. a short time he was e. , jil told Allan TempIfVj so ourioua that the,; Very weak and fitful bis story was at first ; and the effort to oall up any particular event caused him intense headaole and muoh weak- ness, but his mind grew an* strengthened with every succeeding day till v quite fit for his journey he It was a curious tale h< when his mind eamo baok young actor oould only beieve that it was part of the glamour of his illnejs, and reasoned with him long and earnestly cn the subjeot. His story was that Mrs Daltol or someone in her house bad tried to murder bun ! It was a strange notion to enter his hoad. What notive oould a woman of whom he kne' nothing, whom he had only seen some three o four times at most, have for wiahing.to get rid c him. He declared that the boy who Bummone him from the deck of the Psyche took him s raight back to the house Misa Atherstone ha I just quitted, and that Mrs. Dalton had reoer ed him at the door, saying his father was the e; that there wag lemonade on the table, and that shs had offered him some, and a casual ren ark about the heat, and that having oome alon ; hastily and being very warm he had drunk a ¡lassful. After that he oould ram mber nothing dig. tinotly ; he had a vague i lea that his father was there and spoke to hid, but that he oould not understand his words ; ¡ben oame a sense of being dragged somewhere and falling into rush- ing water, and then a blank from whioh he seemed to have just awakened. Allan Temple shook his head over the whole atoiy : that Mr. Carson senior had never been in rAustralia he knew very well, and he thought it most likely that all the rest of the affair was some delirious faney too | " We will go and see Mrs. Ditton, he said. " We shall soon find ont whether she is guilty of any attempt on par life or not, If she is, and thinks you de id, the sight of yog will be quite enoagh-it wi 1 frighten her nearly out of her wits " " You don't half boliov me, Tomple," said Graham Carson with a sig , "You think it is all fancy. I know it is tr e " " I know you believe so ' said Allan Temple gently ; " but think how ill you have been. Think of the absence of a itive too; the thiog seems quite incredible." The two wont to Mrs. I alton's house only to find, to their amazement,! that it was shut up. The lady and her servants and lodgers had all vanished, and no one ooulp tell for a oertainty where they wore gone Jo. " To some of the towns to the northwards,"|somobody suggested ; but it was all very vague| She was gone, and with suoh an amount of si that she did not wish to her proceedings. " I should like to seo Carson said. "I oould went into. If there is near, it will go to prov think my faney." The landlord of the larat, but tho key was mon explored the silen together rosy that it was plain traot any attention to the house," Graham how you the room I ny trap door or water tho truth of what you ouse was away at Bal tained, and the young and doscrted mansion " Some of these hot) Brook," Allan said, thom " What Í3 the Garu]¡ "Tho pleasant pico don't command a high heard very plainly in " Then this is one! there is a trap door da Yon will see my story But no trace of an] es are over the Garapa '' I think this is ono of Brook ?" of water where I found you-it serves as a mlin sewer for this part of Melbourne; thoy say »that is the reason they ' grant ; the water can bo ome of them." I heard the water, and cn which I was thrown, : is true, Allan " trap-door oould bo found, nor of another door ^brough whioh the young man averred ho was dragged. The small room ho roeogniseed as the one into whioh ho was shown had no second! door, nor any appoaranoe of one having been blacked up The paper looked new and fresh, but ifi was of a very dark colour, so it was impossible fcjp tell how long in had boen up I Allan Temple sam nothing, but he read the disappointment on Gjjraham's face as they turned away from the door I " Have oourage,"jjho said. " It will all oome clear to you by-and ty." " It is olear now^emple. That old woman meant to got me oulaof tho way." .. LI wouta narai» without some morel oolleotions or-" » "Or fancies Ssj on your lips. I mind, I know ; bu business the oleare! ao tor you to accuse nor proof than your own re England, too, if you will arson. I have been going re for a long time. Only re." Idy who has gone home to "The best thing you can do I for her-no." iuzzle. I oould no more |uld fly to the moon. I with such lovo as was that, like me, she would death;' and yet, now : minute there was a en us I faded out of her I were dead. She aan an unknown aotor ' the word, Temple ; it is weak and oonfused in my the more I think of this my memory becomes upon the point. There ilsomc strange mystery afoot, and maybe when I get to England I shall find it out." " I shall come t have my company, to try my fortune t one thing kept me " Ah ! the fair such good fortune is to go after her." " After hor-yes " Why not ? ' " Ah there's tho toll you why than I loved Beryl Athersto: faith itself. I believe' have been.'faithful un I feel sure'that from stretch of blue sea betwi life as completely as th will fly at higher game now." " And if she does she'l not worth a moistecti eyelid, or the quiver of alip. ' I'd whistle her down the wind,' as 0their« says, and think no moro of her. If you aro not mistaken, Jam. I did not see muoh of Miss Atherstone to be sure ; but from what I did seo I imagined her to be a gentle, loving girrwwith neither fiokleness nor levity in her." v ,C\ ¿- - " So did I, God heîpàfe ! &had; given her my whole heart." ^ " And who has put it into your head that things are not going right?" " Herself. There has not been a word for me ; not a mention of my name either in any message or in the letter xhat oame te tell of that poor girl's death ; and more than that, Mrs. Dalton let fall something onoe whioh openod~my%yerto her arlu thoughts of her new position. tttrc^meroenary and heart- less, Carson. She hld no ohanoo^pf showing it before yon carne I was a good match then, but the ohange oame over her with the know- ^" ledge of her wealth." " I oan't believe it." . " I thoughtXaoydn't,till her silënoe confir- med it Almost her, laStitords.to me were that she would send me a-teiegnnn at\soon as she set foot in England ; she oould do it 1>o others, but not one line for me. I learned quite by aooi dent that within a week of her arrival at home she seat that old woman a large sum of money ; and when I called upon her for tidings of my darling she told me that-" .« " What ?" V Well, I ha*d#ly know nliat she told mc in BO xnanLvnrds, bat onoujSaJo make me understand thatttf&e; heiress of-*the,Äthersto"nes was not for jnP'/enough to tell mo that when she looked up in my face with loving eyes, and swore to bo true to the motto of tho ring I gave her, she Was lying-and she knew it." " Temple, there's more in this matter than wo can see," said Graham Carson. " I beliovo that old waman Dalton to bo a female fiend, and whatever is wrong she is at the bottom of it. Come to England with mc, and let you and I go straight to Atherstone Grange, and present ourselves to the lady. The Psyche will leave in ten days from now-oan you be ready ?" " Yes " But Allan Temple's jonrney was not to be just yet. Graham Carson was sufficiently re covered to start. Indeed, the medioal men de- clared that the voyage was all that was wanted to cet him up ; but the elder Mr. Temple met with an aooident, and Allan oould not leavo. " I must stay and see the old man about again," he said. " But I won\ delay you The deotors eay he'll be all right in a week or BO. I shall ipliow in the Venus-that's giving him a month.v . I shal^evár rest till I have found out for myself -^wis gbjng on." " You will oome>,straight to ua?4)emple. My father will be vory angry if you make your head .quarters anywhere else. He owos my preserva- tion to you." Another telegram to the lawyer in Leaming- ton, a shake of the hand, and a good bye on tho deck of the Psyohe, and tho two young men parted Allan went back to wait with what impatience be might for his father's recovery ; and.'n;thu slowly passing time he learned two thin^i-one that Mrs. Dalton had most oertainly saileo» ibr England from Sydney, and the other that' during the last mouth of her tenanoy of the house over the Garupa Brook she had had a considerable amount of alteration and reparing done. It was from Hannah, who was out of place, and very low spirited, that the young man learned all this " And why BIIO had all that fuss made unless she was mad," that domestio said, " I oan't thins It cost a mint of money, aad she knew she was going before she began at it." " What did she have done ?" asked Allan Temple, more interested than he oarod to show "It waB what didn't she have done?" re- turned that domestic She had a floor laid down, and a door brioked up, and the place papered, and all for nothing, as a body might say. I'm snro the house wasn't half as con- venient afterwards. I know she was out of her mind, poor lady ! for she took to seeing ghosts at last." " Ghosts !" " Yes-Sally-that was the girl in the kitohen carne in one day, and said she'd seen tho gentle- man that came from England to fqtoh Miss Atherstono, looking out of a window somewhere Ho was lost, you know." " Yea, I know. So Sally saw him, did she ?" " Goodness knows, sir; I don't. I know she said ao, and missis flew at her like a madwoman ; and said how oould she seo a man that was dead, for Mr. Carson was dead ; and then sho went off crying, in a sort of hysterics, and after that she to& t'o^anoying she saw him. SheSfas that quoeik fliat I wasjglad when shà^ookHh\whim of having tho house pulled about-it kept her quiet like. She said that it was not healthy, nor safe to have a trap door over the brook there might bo accidents." " Where was the trapdoor ?" "Just outside her own little parlour, sir. There was a door in the wall ; there was a door led straight out to it, and she had it blocked up, and the minuto it was all done and oomfortable she took another craze, and away she went." Allan Toniple mused muoh on what he had heard. " Then Carson was not mistaken, maybe, after all," he thought. What can it all mean ? Perhaps I shall know when I see Beryl Ather- stono faoe to faco onoe more." Know! Ay, would he; he would understand with the first Bight of his faithless love, all that was puzzling him now ; all that had seemed so strange since he parted from her with a kiss on deok of the ship. Graham Canon's voyage was a pleasant one ; returning health and memory made everything seem fresh and beautiful to him, and Captain Bolton and his officers wero unfeignedly glad to seo him Dr. Twist was not thore, nor the boy Jack Blogg. The former had como into his property, and was taking a spell on shore, the captain said ; the latter had vanished direotly they reaohed England. " E¿ll get on somehow,' Bolton said. " He was a sharp lad, and all he wanted was to get to England. He had some powerful motive that VPfl oould never fathom." ' K^fom the oaPta^n and his officers Graham -" mfned all about Beryl's voyago and the death ot ner companion, and heard, too, of Dr. Twist's unaccountable dislike to tho heiress. " I was very glad to seo the poor thing safe with her frienda," he said. ." They seemed very nice people, and took to her at once, as, in- deed, anyone might, for she was a nice oreaturc ; so sweet and gentle to everyone. But Twist, he wouldn't speak a civil word to any of them; and as for Miss Atherstono borself I don't be lievo ho wished her good-byo even." The young man pondered considerably on this story, wondering what oould have prompted euoh a sentiment on the part of a stranger His father met him at Southampton, with suoh joy aB those only know whose loved ones " wero dead and alive again, wero lost and are found " To him he spoke of the dislike of Dr. Twist for Beryl, and the old man smiled. \\\Twa9 in tooNnuoksgriof and anxîe% to notioo ver^muoh, mV Boyr he *úd^"\t #»s a sor row^ltimofofmeybutl^emfiliiBJ Mj^Noel Atherstono making the remark that the dootor seemed a surly brute, and she has spoken of it herself einoe. He must have been a ourious tempered man not to like her." " Is she so loveable then ?" " I oan't imagine anyone more so ; she has something of her grandfather's imperious dis- position, and ia very like him in many ways, but she has fairly bewitched everyone that has ootno near her. She likes her own way, as all the Atheritones do, but she is very tractable. In all the business I have had to submit to hfj-jy-and it^has not been a little I oan assure i^Mfihe has'only gô\e eontrary«fe>, tha,wiahos otjfor oousin¡r«and myself in one tmn|L" ' .* And what is» that?" A " Why, something in whioh she had a perfeot right to please herself of oourse, but somehow We did not like it. She would have the old woman she lodged with in Melbourne over to live with her." I " Mrs. Dalton !" " Just so. She fanoios that sha oweB hor a wonderful debt of reparation beoauao her grand- daughter died in her service as it wore ; as if she had not had suffering and worry enough over it, poor thing !" "And Mrs. Dalton lives at the Grange ?" " For the present-yee." " S ho must have followed Miss Atherstone very quickly." " In about a month ; she did not como to the Grange with any idea of being asked to etay there ; only to see tho young lady she said She told me, poor old soul ! that Australia was unbearable to her now that, ehe had lost her only tie to life ; that she had a Hide money and knew England pretty well, an4\ thought she should be able to get on. Sha seems very grateful for Miss^ AtherrstomVs kindness, and I am bound te confess she-is not obtrusive." Mr. Carson did noM,<hL^ia san. that he had reoognised in the whrte»Stired old woman, with the grand manners and stately bearing, the dancer who had wrought such havoo in Pierce Atherstone's peace of mind so many years before; nor had he deemed itneoesBarp to aoquaint Beryl with the faot that the woman she so delighted to honour had been her grandfather's mistress. Nobody remembered anything about Angela Delphine now ; she was a thingof the past, and the Mrs. Dalton from over the sea, whom the heiress delighted to honour, was her mother's friend-nothing more. (To be continued,) 