EDITHBURGH. [From our own Correspondent.] April 4. The anniversary of the opening of the Edithburgh Institute was celebrated on Wednesday evening last by a varied enter tainment. Mr. Gottschalck, J.P., occupied the chair- After a few remarks from him, and a song and recitation from Miss Calder and Mr. T. Smith, the Hon. E. Ward "was introduced to deliver his lecture on "Shakespeare." The lecturer began by stating that lie purposed to give the story of the life of tile world's great dramatist from the most reliable sources. He then passed on to notice his parentage and birth in 1564. From that period he followed the boy William as closely as he could along the ordinary life-track, till his 15th year, when he was taken into the employment of a relative named Cfreen. With Green the lecturer presumed that young Shakespeare re mained three years, and went on to say that it would have been strange'if a generous iiature like his had. refused to respond to the voice of \m<£. Accordingly in his 18th. year he was captivated by and married to the beautiful and accomplished Ann Hath away, a lady seven years his senior. The lecturer very naturally concluded that Shakespeare's ideal of all thatpertainsto the union of two hearts must have been ex perienced at this time. He could not help thinking that it was a great pity that the converse of such an exhalted spirit should be lost to the world, and he could not help thinking also that Ann must have been the prototype of all his representations of what | was excellent in woman. - The care of a young family coming early upon him, he had to bestir himself; but the lecturer could not bring himself to believe that he had ever been a poacher or deer- stalker, or" that he had ever associated himself with the law. Shakespeare going to London, Mr. Ward looked on as the turning point in hia life, as it was then that his business with the \ theatre began. The lecturer did not think that Shakespaere could have attained to be much of an actor, as the ghost in Hamlet was perhaps the most important part he had ever taken. When he had overcome poverty by obtaining proprietorship of a theatre, and started as dramatic author, his proper life business had began. The lecturer then took a cursory view of his works, remarking that even his earlier pro ductions were teeming with instruction. Pharasaical people, he said, took objection to some of his expressions, but the manners and customs of the times were sufficient apology for them. The lecturer noticed the time of Elizabeth. Shakespeare did. more than any other man to improve' his times. Although almost without a rival in tragedy, critics have universally admitted that comedy was his forte, " Midsummer Nights Dream/' when he was 28 yearsold, being a proof of it. The lecturer considered that for depth of philosophy Hamlet had never been. sur passed. Critics seemed to be decided with regard to the nature of Hamlet's madness, but Sir. Ward was of opinion that it was assumed. Withal Hamlet was a strange character. The late O. V. Brooke told him on one occasion that he had studied Hamlet for two years, and then he was afraid he had not mastered it. Mr. Ward gave several recitations and readings from thie subject of his lecture in a masterly style. Li conclusion, the lecturer said that no clearer proof of Shakespeare's unequalled genius could be given than by the univer sality of his depictions of life, for no matter where and when his scenes might be laid, they were filled with actual men and women of the time. His genius was inexhaustible. He had no need of monuments being erected to his memory; his writings were imperish able monuments that he was the sovereign of the literature of the world. The lecture was deservedly well received. During the evening songs and recitations were contri buted by Miss Calder, Miss Stones, and Mesdames Smith and Calder. In support ing a vote of thanks to the lecturer, Mr. T. Smith expressed his belief that the time had almost come when the writings of Shakes peare would be made a principal school book, and hoped that the Minister of Edu cation would seize the opportunity and have the matter brought before the Council of Education. On behalf of the trustees of the Institute, Miss Heinrich was presented by the Hon. E. Ward with a gold locket in token of her services in laying the founda tion-stone of the hall. The meeting was tolerably well attended, and was a very pro tracted one. Dancing was kept up until an early hour. - - - — 