THE GOVERNOR'S GROG. A Lay of. ye Fiji Islands. 4( Sir Arthur Gordon maintains less state than probably any other representa tive of her Majesty. He receives ladies as well as gentlemen en deshabilfy and he and some of his suite sit down to dinner their coats. The style of costume very much astonished some new arrivals lateiy. A lady told me she sat on the Governor's left hand, the post of honour, on his right, being occupied by some native clnef m shirt and sulu, and the Governor himself in his shirt sleeves. The natives, though a cleanly race, have a veiy disagreeable custom of smearing their bodies with cocoa-nut oil, and the smell is so offensive that they are seldom invited to sit at the tables of the Fiji planters. Sir Arthur Gordon, however, seems to have peculiar tastes, for he drinks the native grog, prepared in true native style. The root of a plant called here yaguopa is chewed, and after being thoroughly masticated returned into a bowl of water, after which it is strained by the hands through some cocoa-nut fibre, and is then supposed to be fit to drink. I have been told by some who have ventured to taste the decoction that it strongly resembles goapsuda."— Melbourne Age. Extract from letter in London Ilerctld. HE Governor sat in bis. chair of state, At the head of the feast. It was getting late ; And his eyes grew fierce, and his brow grew black, For thrice had lie ordered the | dinner back, j Till the yams were cold, and the taro turned, The spare rib of parson awfully burned, The coeoa-nut oil' was filmy and caked, The leg of a planter was over-baked, And he turned to the chief who sat on his right, (Chichitichee, a chief of might) And he said, with an oath, "This is far too bad, 'T would make e'en a saint, or a bishop, mad. Those new arrivals, who came to day, I asked to come, in a family way, And take pot- luck— the hour was three — Yet now 'tis five, and no guests I see ; Its really too bad, if 'taint, cuss me ! " " S'help me it is ! " quoth Chichitichee. But just as he finished, a thundering din Was heard at the door, and the guests trooped in— Mr. McSquiggins, his wife and son, Come over from Sydney, for sake of the run ; Jenkins and Blinkins, two Cockney swells, Let loose for a time from their loved Bow-Bells) ; Tribble and Dribble, two newspaper scribes, Commissioned to write on the Fijian tribes- All of them ready to bow and to scrape, Till they looked at their host, when they paused to gape. The Governor sat in his chair of state, — (A three-legged Windsor) his service of plate Was tin, such as immigrants use at sea — On his right hand side sat Chichitichee. Sir Arthur's shirt was dirty and blue, And he wore no coat, while the native crew Who formed his suite round the table sat, With a necktie each, and a palm-leaf hat ; And they chawed tobacco, and freely spat On the gorgeous carpet of cocoa mat ; Or gobbled, by way of oysters, a rat, With the eager air of a starving cat. , The visitors stared, and looked quite glum, Till Sir Arthur said, " I'm glad you've come. This is Liberty Hall ; so take your seats, And ease your hunger on Fijian meats ; There's a parson's spare rib — he died quite game — To the flavour high, and we've quite a name For roasting with garlic a planter's leg : Don't spare the tucker, my friends, I beg. Then, as for the liquor, I'm out of beer, And the water in Fiji 's by no means clear, . But we've bucket on bucket of fighting rum, And a treat to follow : so wire in, come." Mr. McSquiggings declined the roast ; Tribble and Dribble, each white as a ghost, Looked at the spare rib, and felt a qualm Like many they'd felt at sea in a storm ; Jenkins and Blinkins seemed out of sorts, But the fighting rum they guzzled by quarts ; While Mrs. McSquiggins, in fear's recoil, SniSed up the odours of cocoa-nut oil, And thought she had struck a very queer patch, When she saw the natives come up to the scratch. The Governor grinned, as he said, "I see You're down in your peckers, my friends ; hang me, It 's not my fault if the dinner is bad, Two hours too much in the oven it's had. But I '11 tell you what, if you cannot eat, I'll fix you up with a glorious treat, A bowl of liquor will make you wink — It 's capital stuff for a steady drink ; And when you have tackled a jorum', I think From another decoction you will not shrink." He clapped his hands, and they brought a bowl, Into which the natives, every soul, As they chewed yaguopa returned the juice, Then, strained through tlioir li -ts, it was lit for use. The Governor filled a pannikin full, And passed it round. Like a hunted bull, Out rushed McSquiggins in ag my, As bad as ever he felt at sea. Dribble and Tribble, the Cockney twain, All sloped, till ne'er did a soul remain Save Chichitichee, the natives too, And the Governor clad in the shirt of blue. Then quoth Sir Arthur, " I call this mean ; As good a dinner as ever was seen, And liquor galore, all thrown away. But sii.ee those idiots will not stay To swig yaguopa, hob-nob with me — We'll swig to ourselves, bold Chichitichee." 