Miisioandthe Drama, Tho facts not otherwise, Tn'on here set down; . _ xiiuu Udo RîTF.ntDAN KNOWLES. PÜ'SLIO performances öf music have ceased for the present, apparently for want of public patronage, which appears to be set in the ancient Athenian method of seeking constantly for some new thing. Sydney has long enjoyed the reputation of being fond of music and willing to encourage its study and performance, audit is probable but few students of the theory and practice of music are aware that there is a conservatory of music, superintended by Mr. Montague Younger, and which has been established for the instruction of amateurs both in the theory and practice of music. The absence of a good school of music has long been felt in Sydney where tho young can receive that thorough groundwork in the "divine art" without which future success is almost impossible. Atthe Con servatory, various classes are formed for tuition and I practice upon organ, piano, violin, reading music at sight, and solo singing, cost ing but a small fee, and where pupils are most carefully in structed. With a view also to the practice of part, or chorus singing, Mr. Younger has formed a special class, which should become popular and form the nucleus of a really good musical Bociety, to supply once more for public performance, the noblest and grandest musical * compositions, of which for ? ; paBt years so very few have ; been heard in Sydney. The absence of a Bociety capable ? of doing this has long been almost a disgrace to Sydney. ' In addition, however, to good teachers, good singers, good instrumentalists, and good conductors, there must also be the support by purse and presence of those who have the means'to maintain by their subscriptions the cost necessarily attached to the production of oratorios or miscellaneous concerts. Mr. Dompiermade his final conge to his Sydney friends . at the Victoria Theatre, in , the character of Hamlet, before a house crowded in every part. The past week . has been devoted principally to what may be termed under the "starring" regime "stop gap" performances. On Sat urday night " Savourneen Dheelish" was produced in a very creditable style, as re gards its scenic and stage necessities, and very capitally played with one or two ex ceptions. On Monday night it was repeated for tho oenef t of Mr. B. N. Jones, and as it is a really excellent drama in itself, it was heartily enjoyed by the audience. Mr. Jones plays the character of Mick Muldoon capitally, being de cidedly well aided by one of the most prettiest of the O'Flaherty's, in the person of Miss Annie Pixley, who sang so well as to be unde niably encored. Miss Ad< hude Bowring made an excellent representative of ^ilein O'Qonnor. Mr. li. Ful ford was AVjhj^r Cranstone, W. H.' Seagraye ' Father O'Donpvan, ¿nd Mr. H. S. Jerdeh Henry Wentworth, and J. Tolano O'Mqrè, alj[ pf which parts were cqin: pe^enily played. M ¡sa Myra Jumble as" £d'a tSan^prip, filiad ft small pavfc y'¿ry care fully; and E, Byan, some what after fcha pty|e pf Mr. j, j. Welsby Feeney, made J QUI the Ppsjfc man a conspicuous characjteir. The actor of Lef fcwich fihoiûà have been allowed to " strut and fret his hour upon tho stage and then be heard no more" in such characters. After the performance of the drama on Monday night, Mr. B. N. Jones was pre sented by Miss MyraKemble, on behalf of the company, .with an address and a purse (rf. sovereigns, in recognition, ns ¿he fjtfp presenteer said, of i^iW-f^fe? ./Wfrfesy and *P W8 Mri .«fes ppd dyj, p%.e4 -dmwg Ins 'toe managerial earner. In thi^ '1, toa h i Miss Kemblo said, been able to maintain the general comfort and peace of the entire company. Ño small task among professionals is this same maintenance of " peace and comfort." Miss Ivomblo presented tho ad 4^ find purse amidtheapplaiiEoof the whole house. Ás.s^oá^tíds had subsided, Mr. B. N. Jonesthanked Misil' i&mt;ölß japd PK0 ladies and gentlemen of tile company in a very feeling manner, acknowledg ing the difficulties attending a stage'manogor's rule, and thanking them not only for their handsome pre sent, but for the assistance and ready compliance with which his own exertions had been met, making his task so much the easier. He also thanked Mr. Dampier for his share in the contribution, as well as for the handsome present he had received from him personally. The Bouvenir given to Mr. Jones by Mr. Dampier was made by Mr. Smart, of Market spreet, and entitles > him to commendation for its workmanship and finish. On Wednesday evening the .V Hercules Amateurs'' gave one of their enter tainments, and' to-night MÍBB Mary Gladstane M'as announced to appear. The attendances at tho Theatre Royal havo con tinued increasingly great since Miss Ada Ward's first appearance, and there does not at present seem "metal more attractive" elsewhere. Miss Ward continued to play in "East Lynne" until Satur ram was incessant, tho theatre wus literally cram med to witness her appearance as Rudiga, tho " Woman in Red." In the play of "East Lynne," which seems to bo a peculiarly attractive play for tho feminine playgoers, Miss Ward was remarkably sue- ! poBBful, The cause, "it is the cause," of Lady Carlyle's1 of conduct that men cannot understand, and therefore their sympathies are not so great for Madame Vine, but the ladies understanding it all weep for very sym pathy with tho woman, when she is so naturally and powerfully acted before them as by Miss Ada Ward. Her indignant, though evanescent scorn of Levison, her painful interview with _ Mount Severn, and the agonising scones with the child were played with con summate ability, and well deserved tho approbation they evoked. Mr. H. N. Douglas made a tolerably intelligent Archibald Carlyle, although exhibiting the manlyfrankness of that well-drawn character. Mr. J. J. Welsh made agoocl deal of Mr. Dill. Mr. Gr. D. Chaplin, as Sir Francis, Levison, portrayed the road very ably indeed, and was very loudly applauded. Miss Melville's Cordelia is one of her best parts, and Miss Maggie Oliver played Joyce with undiminishing suc cess. Miss Emma Hogers, as Barbara Hare, gave an intelligent representation of the part. On Saturday night, "The Woman in Bed" was most successfully produced, and the audience, certainly one of the most noisy I have ever heard at this theatre before the play, and between tho acts, was extremely large. The play itself is too well known to need description ; but Miss Ada Ward's acting of Miriam in the prologue, and lludiga in the drama, was unexceptionally good. As Miriam, the distracted mother, sho exhibited great dramatic power, and threw intense passion into the delivery of tho curso upon Marguerite. In tho drama ? itself, Miss Ward played with unabated success, and | being beautifully and appropriately attired, every look and gesture added to the power of the words she was uttering. In tho scene where Miss Emma Hogers, as Francisca Donati, loaves the Countess Donati, Miss Mary L. Young, tba acting of Miss Ward was remark ably fine. Indeed it would be difficult to say which por tions of Miss Ward's acting are the best, because she plays everything so well as to secure tho rapturous applause of thc crowded audiences who nightly recal I lier at tjio conclusion of the acts to testify in tho usual manner their approbation of her acting and apprecia tion of her ability. Miss Young, ns the Countess Donati, plays with that quiet dignity nnd power which are her specialities, and Miss Emma Hogers is evi dently improving UH an actress, as shown by her per formance of Francisca. She must strive, however, to speak more slowly to give her enunciation due effect. Miss Maggie Oliver, as Ninetta, nets with a sprightli ness which gives grout effect to every scene in which this popular actress appears. She is well matched in this play with Mr. J. A. South as Twitti, tho bird 1 catcher, and Mr. South plays with consider ' able humour. Mr. C. D. Chaplin, Mr. J. C4. Joyce, and Mr. O. Brown, as the three thieves of the play, are fully equal to the task imposed upon them, Mr. Chaplin, as usual, being loudly applauded. Mr. H. N. Douglas, as Count Claudia, strives to make an effective performance of the character, but falls into certain mannerisms, which mar so much of his evidently careful Avork. The piece was exceedingly well placed upon the stage, and the scenery was splendid in effect, reflecting credit upon Mr. Wilson and his assistants, while the furnishing of the stage showed that Mr. Booty is determined that there shall be no fault to be mentioned in that respect. To- night I read that an English version of the great historical play, " Marie Antoinnette," will be produced, in which Miss Ada Ward will appear as the unfortunate French Queen, and that the tragedy will be placed upon the stage with every attention to scenery, stage effects, and costume, which caused this play to be so wonderfully realistic when produced with the great Kistori in the character of Marie Antoinette. As "Hamlet" has been prominently before the public lately, it may amuse some of my readers to know how the Count Joannes played it : Why is tliore no society created for tho pi eyentlon of cruelty to Shukspere? If ono existed wo should lui va been spared tho wholesale massacre ol' tho great poet's masterpiece on Monday night last, when George, the Count Joannes, took it into his henil, by way of celebrating thc anniversary of the bard's birthday to givo himself a benefit. Probably since tho days of '"' Sweet Will" to our own, there has never been so absurd a performance as that given on this occasion at the Academy. Wo must, before wo begin our description, do an act of justice to Miss Osborne, who played Ophelia, not only well, but very well. Indeed, it seemed incredible that so clever a lady should have consented to lia vc performed willi such ti " set.'' Miss Osborne's Ophelia is graceful and elegant, and as she lias a lino voice and sings nicely, the hearty applause she received was due to her lino action, it being thc only redeeming feature of tho evening. When wo first entered tho Academy, that theatre was nearly empty. The proscenium boxes were, however, already filled with'invited guests, and uuinngst otj|er well-known faces pre sent, wo noticed those of Mr. and'Mrs. li. Out ting, and Mr. and Mrs. Harriot (Miss Clara Morris). Miss Morris, wc rejoiced to see, was in apparent good health and excellent spirit«, and enjoyed the performance immensely. Presently, ho "over, just as tho curtain was about to bc rifted, a multi tude of gentlemen poured into tile house, as ii' they had broken down tho barriers and got in free. When they were seated up went the curtain, and wc beheld u view of the dismal swami) in which Norma's Druids used to assemble only a few weeks since-that scene did dutvfor the ramparts ol' 'Elsinore Castle. Horatio, represented hy a very short gent lomon, in red tights, and an orange-coloured clonk, now putin un appearance In company with a tall gentleman, in a very short plaid petticoat and no boots. Uoth those per sonages being evidently aware that they were blessed with very small voices, endeavoured to atone for tills defect by violent gestures, which gestures became so alarmingly de monstrative.-that by the time the Ghost arrived, that appa rition, whioli was dressed in what seemed to be an old potato sack, covered with dirty cobwebs, bolted, in dire dismay, before it was half way through its lirst speech. Judging from tho pronunciation of this illusion, we may safely come to the conclusion that the royal family of Denmark is of Irish origin. Tho Ghost was, however, very much admired by tho audience, and applauded to thc echo. Hamlet iirst appeared leaning on tho shoulder of a very queer-looking lady, dressed as a page, aud who bore such a striking resemblance to the late Julia Pastrana, after that estimable woman's embalmment for public exhibition, that it was quite appalling, and somebody who evidently believed she was not alive, advised Hamlet .. to bite her ear." The King, who looked like the king of clubs in cards, and the Queen, who looked for the world like Cruick shank's portrait of Mr. Dombey^ admirer, Miss Lucretia Tox, were becomingly attired in faded tablccovers, and wore crowns which.were a caution, but which, perhaps, might with propriety bo sont over to Queen Victoria to study, ns models for her new imperial head gear, when sho deems fit to have it ordered, Polonius, in attendance on the majesties, walked backwards like a crab, and kept his ancient form wrapped up in a mantle, which the wicked whispered had been his wife's best petti coat. He proved to be a bony and speechless old party, with a ten dency to hiccough. Bonenessand speechlessness were evidently hereditary in Iiis family, for Laertes, his son, was a bony and speechless youth, with a long nose and stiff knees. Hamlet, as represented by the Count, looked as if his immediate ances tors had been, somehow or other, Mr. Bergh and Mr. Lester Wal lack. The likeness between the Prince and those gentlemen was, at times, so bewildering, that one could not help thinking that, if they live to be a hundred, they'll look just like Hamlet. Providence be praised, by them, that they don't look like him just now. To be fair, the Count's reading of the part was good and scholarly ; but when one is no longer in the spring, summer, or even autumn of life, ono ought to read Hamlet by the lire at home, and not aot it in the presence of a multitude. When Hamlet saw the Ghost, who, by the way, the second timo he came on the stage, appeared without his winding-sheet, and in a garment that looked like a shirt, and|which, by its dark and sooty appearance, suggested tho idea that, perhaps, after all, Clau dius had buried Iiis murdered brother up the chimney, and stuck his corpse fast in the Hues ; when, wo say, Hamlet saw the Ghost, he put on such a hateful scowl, that that appari tion was completely seared, nnd turned tail and walked to tho wings, followed by the irate Prince, who cornered it, as it were, in a pass in the Rocky Mountains, having been, how ever, pretty nearly crushed to death on his way thither, be tween the doors of theTraviata's bedchamber, which scene fell down just then, per misadven ture. Tile play scene was made very interesting by the Play king, who was a perfect fetch of the original knave of clubs, es pecially when lie shot his leg out of his long garments, and as sumed a well-known attitude, peculiar to the treacherous-look ing sovereigns nnd princes of cnrdland. Whilst the play was in progress, and everybody was intent upon its performance, Hamlet, who had hitherto kept a standing position, from an evi dent disinclination to sprawl on the iloor, doubtless for fear of cracking his legs, which the ma licious say were stuffed with bran, like pincushions, slid quietly down by Oplielia, and frowned at the liing. But sliding down is one thing, and getting up another. Hamlet could do the one without assist ance, but the second feat bad to be managed with aid. He cast nn eye of despair around, which brought a very tall courtier in purple leggings and whitegarteis to Iiis rescue, and he was set on his legs again by the aid of this gentlemen,. whose shoulders were so narrow, and his face so ex ceedingly plain, and his expres sion so appallingly ferocious, tliat he was immediately loudly nick-named by the audience Judas Isoariot. Judas Iscariot having assisted Hamlet to rise, was about to retine, when his foot inadvertently caught in the Queen's robe, which caused Mun to stumble forward to the frantic delight of tho public, and evident disgust of Hamlet. The burial of Ophelia was a very impressive ceremony indeed, and the distress of Miss Tox (the Queen), and of Judas Iscariot (the chief cour tier), was so great that between them, they might have drowned Ophelia over and over again in their tears. But when Hamlet leaped into the grave, which lie did with the obliging assistance., of Judas, there was np standing tile display of sorrow and passion and tho audience gave way to ils. emotion in so uncontrolled a manner that it was necessary for Hamlet to put a stop to ir by reminding those present tln.<¡ t'iey were "inside tho Academy c\f Miisln and gentlemen." Tlie mention of thisTîfiut subdued them i\à\ u little, and becoming i gravity was obtained. Tho duel fought,.' with a sword in ono hand and a dngger in tho otwn* was a very st rlking affair, and would have been a fine dis? play, if Laertes had only known how to Jj'ence, but as ho did not, lils death was considered a blessing by all, albeit l*o died hard, apparently of lils wounds and cho'lip combined, The Queen drank her poison, and went off to'die in her dressing room, followed by the King, who was, however, brought back in a jiffy by tho vigilant Hamlet to receive his death blow in public, which he accepted with meekness, and fell all of a lump with ono foot and log very much exposed, Then Hamlet died very hard also, just ns Laertes did, with many groans mid grunts, and much to tho grief of the pago Julia Pastrana Embalmed, who mudo an effort to kneel, but being very tight up already Intl.-* mated behind, thought better of, lt before her genuflexion, wag half way through, and consoled herself by «hitching'hold or her lord's wig, upon which touching tableaux tho curtain fell amidst, strange to say, considering tho solemnity of the scene, universal rejoicing and merriment. Then tho Count made a speech, and began to relate tho biography of Mr. Wil liam Bliakspcro, but was unable to finish it becauso the audience thought Ht to commence singing in chorus, "Got any knives to grind?" and his voice was drowned thereby. Ho terminated this astonishing evening's entertainment, which, if It was rather funny, hud also its sud side, for it ls sad .to seo Shalcspero maltreated, and yet moro ead to see old iuro derided. FIGARO. A railway porter, who shouts out tho namo> of the station, hus been complained of for being indistinct. He wants to know if the public expects first-cmBS tenors for 18s a week, 