MR. DAMPIER ;AT THE THEATRE ROYAL. A new season was commenced at the Theatre Eoyal on Saturday evening, when Mr. Dampier made his first appearance before an Adelaide audience^ in " Hamlet." Notwithstanding the threatening state of the weather, there, was a large attendance, nearly every part of tbr> house being well filled, while the gallery was crowded almost to the extreme limit of its'cupacity. His Excellency the Officer Administering^. o Pivern ment was present daring the whole of the per formance, and on his arrival the National Anthem was played. . Mr. Dampier's reputation as a careful and artistic actor has preceded him, and we can only say that, judging from the display of his histrionic^ powers on Saturday evening, the praise which has been accorded to him by the critics of the press and the public in the other colqnies, haB, on the whole, bran well deserved; Mir., Dampier undoubtedly possesses many of those natural and acquired advantages which are necessary to exalt an actor to any high rank in his profession. He has a graceful presence, his figure being of about the middle stature; an expressive face, a peculiarly sympathetic voice, which, in its ordinary tones, has a certain delicacy that is indescribably pleasing; a refined manner; and, above all, a cultivated intelli gence manifesting itself throughout all his acting, and which impresses the audience with the feeling that he has studiously sought to discover the meaning of the character he interprets. All these are important elements of success, and we venture to anticipate for Mr. Dampier a highly prosperous season in Adelaide. It was, perhaps, well that Mr. Dampier chose for his debut the play of " Hamlet/' that most wonderful production of the mind, which " was not of an age butfor all time." In the character of the melancholy Prince there' is scope for the exhibition of the actor's truest art. No common insight; no ordinary ability, are required of a man who is ambitions to ravel out the meaning, and present it as the author needs" it to be pre sented, of so subtle a character as Hamlet, Prince "of Denmark. And to give due effect to the eloquent words of that great genius, who has fur centuries been the particular pride of England, it is not sufficient merely that an actor should understand the language; it is imperative that he must have some grain of poetry in his composition, else he will be unable to impregnate his impersonations with that sympathy which alone will cause it to tell. He must fully realise the beauiy and the meaning, of the text, and make it understood by voice, manner, and gesture, or those wondrous speeches and soliloquies, which Shakspeare has filled with such tender pathos and fine imagination, will largely lose their significance, and fall on the ordinary ear a mere chaos of " words, words, words." It is because of the difficulties with which a tragedian has to contend in making Hamlet presentable that, to represent the Prince of Denmark properly has ever been the ambition of great actors. Mr. Dampier has evidently studied the drama with care. His Hamlet is by no means the finest that has been presented on our stage, but it bears in itself evidences not merely of natural insight and power,"but also of that spirit of poetic apprecia tiveness, and that refined cultured taste which must ,be .possessed by one who would fully understand the complex character of the Prince of Denmark, and, understanding it, interpret it with .due and proper effect. It is true that Mr. Dampier's general conception of Hamlet differs very little from the one which is familial* to all playgoers; The opinion of Goethe that in this play "Shakespeare's intention was to exhibit the effects, of a great action imposed on a mind too feeble for its accomplishment" is the view usually held, and Mr.Dampier seemingly has con formed hisimpersonationtoit. His Hamlet is the pqnrtrayalof a man who, while naturally gentle in disposition, thoughtful and refined, iB charged with,a mission beyond the capacities of his nature to perform. A melancholy caused by the death of his father, and the marriage of his mother and uncle with such indecent haste, has already reduced him to a state of weakness, when the tidings from the other world inflict a blow still harder to bear, and set him a task from which his moral nature recoils. His heart is1 crushed, and even his intellect affected. Then begin his doubts, his sorrowful commun ings ; with himself, his shifts and turns, his utter loathing of the world, his affected mad ness, his ill-treatment of Ophelia, his abhor rence of the King, till after receiving another visitation-^from the spirit of his dead father to whet his almost blunted purpose, the act of vengeance he has so long planned is effected by an incident, which, as "Dr. Johnson remarks, Hamlet had no part in producing. In so far as regards the particulars above, given Mr. Dampier's impersonation is not strikingly ori ginal. It is rather in the gradual development of jthe character, and the consistency which he gives to the whole creation, that he excels so much. Perhaps," however, the chief merit of his interpretation of. Hamlet's nature lies in the fact that he does not lift the man too far above the ordinary level. - Mr. Dampier makes Hamlet above all £ other things intensely human. By this stroke of true art he arouses .something better" than a forced artificial - interest; he secures a warm genuine' sympathy. There is no " bluster ing heroism ".about Mr. Dampier's Hamlet, but rather, the manner of a refined, melancholy gentleman, whose fits of passion came seldom, bui.when they did come were violent. His tone, too, was almost monotonous in its sadness. It may be that the sameheBs in the enunciation which marked Mr. Dampier's acting as Hamlet in his pensive; quiet, contemplative moods was a fault, especially when coupled With such rapid transitions to passionate outbreaks as he occasionally made. There certainly seemed to us scope for a little more variety of . tone in many of his speeches, . "t struck us also that in the interview with Ophelia there "was a rudeness of maimer even greater than the text warrants. We may remark that, although Mr. Dampier ordinarily speaks the language of Shakspeare with goodtasteandexpresBivenessandintroauces' some changes in the text which, for dramatic effect, are certainly improvements, he has some faults of style, and commits some breaches of the text that stand out in unpleasing contrast. It appears to us that so long as the text of Shaks peare is intelligible without alteration, it is almost sacrilege to change it. Mr.Dampier'sper forinance altogether, in spite of minor-defects, is one of considerable merit He was rewarded on Saturday evening by plaudits from all parts of the house, and was called before the curtain after every act. The other cbaractersof the play, were assumed by member i of the StarDramatic Company, but the cast was not very strong'. Miss Young was natural and most pathetic as the fair Ophelia, especially in the mad scene, and deservedly re ceived the-honor of a call. MisB Melville was by no means equal to the part of 'the Queen. Neverthless, she succeeded in giving a subdued but fairly correct rendering of the character. A s the King Mr. West was quite at home, having often previously undertaken the same role, and he played with skill and effect. Mr. Douglas made a passable Laertes, acting with great spirit in many. sceneB. Mr. Brown was somewhat tanie as Horatio; Mr. Joyce made up. well as Polonius, but rather overdid the part. Mr* South was grimly humorous as the Firet Gravedigger,' and also enacted the little part of Bernardo, Last but not least, Mr. Bain ford was impressive as the Ghost.. Miss Oliver as Osric, Mr. Elliott; as Eosencrantz and the Second Actor,. Mr, Carey as Guilderstern and the: Second Gravedigger, Mr. Hasker as Mar celfos, Mr. J.J. Welsh as the Firet Actor and the'; Priest, and Mr. T. Beading as "Francisco completed the cast. Some excellent scenery was put on the stage. On Monday evening the stalls, pit, and gallery at the Theatre, Boyal were crowded, hut we regret to say that the boxes, where one woi^ld naturally look for the largest patronage of a play like "Hamlet," were only thinly attended. We have already alluded at length' to Mr. Dampier's excellent representation of the ^melancholy Prince of Denmark, and on again seeing him in the character we came away impressed with the fact that, although there are a few interferences with the text which had better be avoided, Mr. Dam pier's impersonation is, on the whole, more in consonance with the spirit of the play than any we have yet seen. He divests the character entirely of its old traditions, and represents it in a novel bnt most attractive form—attractive, because he is natural and combines the skill of an artist with the bearing of a gentleman—and novel, because he avoids the staginess and clinging to old forms which marked the acting of tragedians of the past The cast was the same as on Saturday evening, and Miss Young, Miss Melville, and Messrs. Welsh, Joyce, South, Rainford, and West con tributed materially to the success'of the play. Mr. Dampier will appear this^ evening as Bel phegor the Mountebank, and his daughter Miss Lily Dampier will make her first appearance as as Henri in the same play. 