ONLT A CIX)D. CHATTER XL—(COKTISUEO). A VKBY OLD STORY. wtvm authqb op "ladv tfiMrt secret/ "aurora. FUOVD," &C.;, " I'm coming to that," answered Mrs. Burfield. " It's about eighteen months ago that she came back to u* looking, <JU «o changed, so broken down, that I badu t the heart to ask her any questions. I could see that all had gone wrong, and I could guess pretty well what kind of wrong it was. She never mentioned Mr. Lesley's name; and there was something in her facc that seemed to make me afiaid to mention it myself, bhe wanted to lodge with me, she said, and wou d pay me for lier lodgings. I could see that she wore a wedding-ring on her fi.vgcr, Imt she had no other jewellery whatever. She was dressed in black.-black silk that liad once been very handsome, but which was rusty and shabby then. The first night she came to me she sat up very late writing, and in the morning she went out with ft letter m her band. She was with me more than two months; but that was the last tune I ever saw her write. She used to be fond of reading ; but now she never took up a book, thoilgh Mr. Lesley left a good many of his books in the little chiffonier in the parlor, thinking to come back, as he told me. Me used to be fond of the children; but now she never noticed them, and after a little while they seemed to shrink away from her, as it she was strange to them somehow. For hours and days together she used to sit in the bowwindow, watching the road from the statiou, as if she expected some one. At dusk she would go out and walk upon the Esplanado, just at the time that he used to walk with his cigar. It was the dull season, and there was no one to notice her. At last, about the middle of my, when the visitors began to come to Coltonslough, she told me one day she must leave me. I said, ' Was it on account of the lodgings V because, she knew I used to raise the rent at that time of year, and I thought that might be Lhe cause of her wanting to go. But she said, 'Oh no, no. She had only had one purpose in stopping so long, and that was in the hope of seeing some one, or getting an answer to a letter she had written; and now there was no longer any hope of that So I didn't persuade her to stay any longer, do what I would, and she went away. She had friends in London, she told me, who liad promised to put her m the way of getting her own living somehow or other. I kissed her this time, willing enough, poor child, and I went with lier to the station ; and I thought her pale face looked almost like a ghost's as she waved her hand to me from the carriage window." "You're a good woman!" cried Mr. liedethlyn, half crushing Mrs Burficld's skinny hands in his strong fingers,—"" you're a good woman, and you did your best to befriend that poor girl." Mrs. Burfield sighed, and wiped her eyes with the corner of a rusty black-silk apron. The world bad been very hard for her ; but there was a gentle, womanly haven somewhere in her breast, aud Susan Tredethlyn had taken shelter there. « She'd been gone a little over six weeks, when an old gentleman came one morning, and asked to see a girl called Susan. That's how he put it. He was very stern looking and he threw me all in a tremble, somehow, with his ways; but I asked him down here, and then, little by little, he made me toll him pretty nearly all I've told you. I couldn't keep anything back from him ; be put his questions so fierce aud sudden ; and every time I hesitated ever so little, he accused me of prevaricating with liitn, and trying to deceive him. I could see his eyes glaring at me like coals o, fire, and his face turned of a bluish white, so that I was almost frightened he'd drop down in a fit. But when he'd got all the story out of me, he stood up as straight and stern as if he'd been only twenty years old, and said, ' No man of my name ever knew what disgrace was until to-day; and may the heaviest purse that ever fell upon a woman's head come down upon my shameful daughter!' He stretched up his two hands,—and I shall never forget him as he stood there with lus white hair, and the bluish white of his face, and the dreadful glare in hie eyes. Then he put on his hat and walked out of the house; taking no more notice of ine than if I'd been a stock or a stone. I heard the frontdoor bang to after him; and I ran upstairs to tlie parlor window, and saw him walking away towards the station; and that's the last I saw ofiiim." . « Can yon remember upon what day tins J occurred?" , , f Yes, I can j for I'd had the parlor lodgers tho 29th of leave mo the day before. It was 1 June/' " ' ' ' The 29th of June! and oh the 30th Oliver KD v r a p o s Q A . Tredethlyn had executed that will which made Francis master of thirty thousand a year. The young man knew now why lus uncle had loUhiiu a great fortuue, and found it still wow difficult to feel very gmteful to Ins beuef a There was a long pause, during which vengcftil thoughts had their full way in the breast of Fnaucis Tredcthlyn. . " Can you tell mo nothing wore of tins man," he said presently,—«this scouudrel, who called himself Robert Lesley 1 Mis. Buriield only answered by a hopeless shake of her head. « He left some books, you say. Was thfcre none among them that would give any clue to who or what ho was f Again Mrs. Burfield shook her head. m " You're welcome to look at the books, she said; "there's plenty of pencil- writing in them, but no name or address,—only initials. She knelt down before a little chiffonier m a corner by the fireplace, and took out a few volumes, some haudsoiuely, some sliabbily bound, aud placed them before 1-raucis ired e U|fon the handsomely-bound books the iuitials " li. L." appeared in a glided monogram. Four of the volumes were German translations of some recondite classics; but there was a fifth upon which Mr. iredethlyu fastened eagerly. It was a small flat volume, bouud in sheepskin, and fastened with a brass lock—a very superior kind of lock. On the cover was written the one word "Journal. « Let me have this book," lie ^said; " 111 give you a hundred pounds for it." Mrs. Burfield's mouth opened with a spasmodic action, aud for once in her life she for got to sigh. " A hundred pounds!" TT ,, T «< A hundred—two, if you like. Haven 11 told you that I'm a rich maul and youve been kind to my cousin. I'll give you the money as a free gift, for the matter of that; but I must have this book. It's a journal— a book in which a man writes a history of liw own life. An officer I knew in Van Dieinens Land used to write such a history by fits and starts. How do I know what this may tell mo about mv cousin! Let mc have it. I know the book isn't yours ; but there can be no such thing as honor or faith to be kept with a man like that. Let me have the book." .. There was a good deal more said upon the matter; but the end of it was that Francis Tredethlyn went back to London with the sheepskin-covered volume in his pocket; and Mrs. Burfield, retiring to rest after a heavy supper of cold meat and cucumber, dreamt that she had inherited a million of money from one of the Coltonslough tax-collectors, CHAPTER XII. A MODERN GENTLEMAN'S DIARY. Francis Tredethlyn went back to the hotel in Covent Garden with the little sheepskincovered volume appertaining to the gentleman who called himself Hubert Lesley, safely stowed in his pocket, lie went straight back to the hotel, ate his simple dinner, drew the candles near him, and then, taking up a poker from the hearth, made short work pf the lock under which the stranger had kept his secrets. All thought of those sunny gardens and drawing-rooms at Twickenham, the glancing river, the woody background, faded out of his mind for a time, and gave place to one settled purpose—the discovery of his missing cousin's destroyer. Yes, her destroyer! He had only been able to read Mrs. Burfield's Btory in one fashion. The solitary departure in the chill light of a winter's morning, the linste and secrecy, the lonely return long afterwards; these things seemed to the young man to point onlv to one conclusion;—the simple Cornish girl's faith had been betrayed by the man she had so implicitly trusted. In the little volume before him Francis Tredethlyn hoped to find some further clue to that sad history. He seemed to take a savage pleasure in puuishing the neat brazen lock, which he shattered with a couple of vigorous blows from the handle of the poker. " I wonder whether, when a man's a villain, he writes that down f" thought Mr. Tredeth- lyn. " I can't fancy a scoundrel putting the truth about himself even on paper; and if the truth isn't here, I can't see how the hook will help me. And yet there must be secrets in it, too, or he'd never have had such a lock as this. Mr. Lowther used to throw his journal about any where, and I don't think he ever did anything that was particularly worth writing down." . The Coruishman began to turn over the volume very slowly, looking at the pages cautiously, almost as if he expected to Bee some venomous creature crawl but from between the leaves. The first twenty pages of the. book were filled with the records of a college life, in which b*ief memoranda of study were interspersed with boating slang and with turf calculations. The name of a certain Rosa, -of the King's Head, appeared . ^ jr. often in these v earlier pages; und' there "We little epigrams of a Rochester* ot a^Sdd%,tatfabf £han the pure sentiments of a Tennyson or a Longfellow. Altogether ther*"Ma , lawless, swaggering manner about the book,''which very well corresponded with Mrs. liutjfiold's description of the prancing stranger. " , But the volume had no intereat for^rftneis Tredcthlyn until he came to the twentieth page, where the name of Coltonalough figured for the first time. ^ " Xovvniber 8.—The abomination of de«o- 1 , lation, and just the place for a fellow that wants to read hard and be delivered from the society of his fellow-creatures J , Arrived yesterday afternoon: found civil] landlady, stereotyped sea-side accommodation; decrepit casy-chair, slippery horsehair cushions; no wiudow-curtains to speak of, and a great deal of unnecessary drapery festooned abOut a rickety tent-bedstead; wash- hand-stand one size too large for a doll, and fifty sizes too small for any civilized being; shells and shepherdesses on the mantelpieces, and any amount of blown-glass decanters on the sideboard. Dined on chops, which were fried, soddened in their own grease. Must speak Jo laudlady to-morrow, and insist on gridiron. The woman who would fry chops would thtyk nothing of human sacrifices. A girl waited upon me, a good deal younger than Bosa, iand I think prettier—but we have changed all that so I didn't take particular notice of her. Eead hard till after one, and write this before retiring to my couch,—flock, and lumpy, for I dug my knuckles into the counterpane while examining the apartment. " November 9.—The girl, who is infinately superior to Bosa, brought me my breakfast. More chops, not fried, but soddenodin relic of the dark ages entitled Dutch oven, for I inquired ; and underdone French roUs. Why, O provincial baker, always underdone t What grudge dost thou bear against thy fellow-man that thou seekest insidiously to undermine his constitution with thy clammy bread-stuffs? Girl, infinitely prettier than Bosa, cleared away breakfast. Very shy, and only aiiswers polite inquiries in' monosyllables. Asked if she was relation of woman of house. No, no relation; nursery governess to children. Comes from some remote district in the west of England ; evidently objects to be precise as to locality. Heard her go down kitcheh stairs with tea-things, and did not hear 'her reascend them. Conclude that the nurseiy is somewhere in the cellarage. Read hard all day. Smoke aud stroll in the evening. Landlady waited on me at dinner. Dismal change, after monosyllabic girl, recalling Death's-head at Egyptian banquets, but not crowned with flowers. More reading after dinner, brandyand-water cold, and now to bed. Have ordered mattrass to be put over flock. Sleeping on knobby surface all very well now and then, but not tor a permanence. Mem: To keep my eye upon Lord Paisley's 'Blazing Tom,' for the Craven meeting. " November 12.—No diary yesterday or the day before. Read with German crib; wonderful fellows those Germans lor first-class translations of classic fogies. Wrote to H. C. to put ft pony on ' Blazing Tom.' Walked on the Esplanade in the afternoon, and made the acquaintance of monosyllablic Cornish' girl, iufinitely prettier than Rosa. Yes, I succeeded in breaking the ice, with considerable trouble; for I never did see anything feminine so shy and frightened as this brown-eyed Cornish girl. 'Her eye's dark charm,' &c.; Well, there is something of the gazelle in lier eyes, something shrinking and &wn-like.; I could fancy the white doe of what'e-its- name looking as she looked at me yesterday. " I went out for my smoke and stroll rather earlier than I had intended. I saw the Cornish girl and three uncouth children in rusty leather boots wending thpir way across the piece of waste ground which: forms the delicious prospect before my window.: A nice, cool, gray afternoon, with a low yellow streak on the western horizon; a gray sea, melting into a gray sky, with only just that one golden streak glimmering along the ed^e of the waters; the sort of afternoon that re»wids one of Tenuyson's poetry. Sol lighted) m and went out for a stroll . Perhaps ! followed the monosyllabic girl. What do I.know? as that amiable French nuisance, who is perpetually quoted *in newspaper leaders temfcrked. Enough that I went, found the Corni^b g u>1 > very shabbily dressed, but unutterably pretty, strolling listlessly up and down the .paved walk beside, the sea. They call it the sea; but, Oh for the roaring breakers of the Atlantic, or the long hoa.rse roar of the wq.ves is the German Ocean surges on broad yeUow sands yonder, far away in tho North!, _ . " And so, haying lighted my, cigar, I strolled up, and down the Esplanade. Of course I began to talk to- tho children. . If children have any use in this wqrld—which I have been. frequently indtyn&d; to doubt— surely it must be m this piattOr 'bt. serving as • iil.lrtl a means ilans oflhlj^ijK^ Tho children and i-woreiutiinate iu no time; the presuming i little i«ip3 'beaame, of course, obnoxiously. fa^ar^ (au4, ,like all go-be-, tweeus, were very difllcult to shake off when done with. But I 'gbt 1 the Cornish girl to talk at 'l&sti.;' JfSheis ! not -stupid, 1 only shy; aud she told me. a, good deal, in. a: pretty, simple* gMidh way, J abHut her'native county always ,ke , eptygcleai ,1 of jail '^cise alJusUm £6 locality, 3iy tlie bye.,. She v?rf pretty,— I had almost writteniovelyy but that adjective 3au only' be applied to a 'high-bred beauty! She is extremely prdtty, an$ tiikt; white doe of lihylBton^isn'titf) taok'in, her ey es hauntei} meall last night while I.was reading. Yes, it was very pleasant; that'Stroll upon the Esplanade. I threw Away M jfirat cigar, and forgot to light anotlier^ tliopgti she would have allowed me to smoke, I dare say. It was very pleasant, that cool gray'sea, and the yellow streak fading in the Wckt, and the flat gray shore, and thp , geneiatty Tennyspnian aspect of everything. It . was very much better than the King's Arms, and a lot of fellows drinking no 'end of ''Bass, and chafliug Rosa. I don't suppose" fills', Cornish' girl knows what chaif means. I almost shudder when I think of Rosa, with her big, round, black eyes, and the 'sticky little curls upon her forehead, and the tartjui neck-ribbons, and great yellow earrings. . And Oxonians have married Ilosas before iny time, and have deservedly gone to the dogs thereupon. But fifty thousand ife your' figure, my dear Ilobert, —fifty thousand, well. souuded, and no separate-ttse-and-maintenanee humbug either. Something in the commercial-widow line, I suppose ^you will have "to put up with, my poor Bob; but no ! greedy old parent to interfere with tiie disposal of the money. The widow, or the orphan,- if a fifty- thousand pounder, is the sort of article for you, dear chad. :::::. "November. 13.—She brought me my breakfast tliis-morning—{what; is she she already ? ' Alas, poor Bosa !)^-itnd I got her to pour out my tea. 1 couldn't detain her long : she wasfio very busy, she said, and seemed painfully anxious to get -aWay. I uiade her talk a little. " She has a nice low voice,—'an excellent tiring,' &c.;! Now Rosa had a vixenish -way of speaking, that always jarred upon me, even-whenl was deepest down that pit into which thefair barmaid's admirers cast themselves. She—the poruTsh girl—is what.people call a genteel young person, with white hands and a slim waist, and a nice way of doing her hair, and putting oh her collars and cuflk Her name is Susan Turner, by the bye; and the children call her Susy. Could anything Bound more pastoral? Susy. The name of Bosa was always so painfully suggestive of nigger melodies. Another' cool gray afternoon, and another low yellow line across the sky ; bo I we'ntout for my smokeat tho same time as yesterday. SJjo was on the Esplanade with the children* She iustructs them in arithmetic, writing, and elementary smatterings of history, geography, and grammar, after dinner, and then' brings them out for a walk till tea-time, after which they * retire to rest/ as the novelists have it, not without considerable rebellious scuffling in the passage : ali& on •' the Istairs. That is the order of'the day. Intbp morning, 1 suspect, she is housemaid, parlor-maid^ needlewoman, or anything else that my landlady's necessities oblige her to be. But she is always equally neat and pretty; and if ^he were only provided with that' trifling; little matter' of fifty thousand or so in the elegant simplicity of the three per cents, I should be decidedly inclined to tall in love with her. ; Dora any one fall in love with a fifty-thousand pounder, by the bye? Irather think hoij;;;, She—Susy—was not quite so sliy this afternoon, and we talked a good deal. I offered to lend her some books. I offered to lend ItoSa books once' when I •was in the lowest depth's bf spooncyisin, and was unhappy , abput hot grammar—those dreadful superfluous 'whiches,' and'intolerable ' as howa'ii—but Rosa rejected my literature, as dry tubbifih that gave her the horrors. I had lent hei?' this * ^Bride 1 ^f Ximmermoor,' My little Susy won't tiirh up that innocent nose of hers at any. f entimenfpl story, I'll be bound. I've f<m»|d an odd yoiynie of Byron, j containing ' Parisina)' 'and the * Prisoner of. Chillon,' and a lpt of the Thirza' business.; « N.B.—I fin^' t^at T^e; called ; my! little Susyl Pretty wall, as Pve been .only a week inthe place. • 'Am I'going down into anothet pit^ I wonder-^—a deepp);'abyss thanthE^ into winch. Ilosa $apts 'her ! victims 1 ^Poor,; pretty, fawn-eyed little darling 1 Take care of yourself, 1 my • dear • Robert; 1 Pobr, (friendless; ; i She couldri'j? well; Jbfe ' ubrsts. 6jf under any . Jimstsinces j$an 's$eis in'tbifi ''place, that's one blessing Mjthoidrudge of aunwtross who is herself a 'slave, in-tho bondage of poverty.;, I.went down -to'the kitclieiryestcrday to, get a fresli' supply; fit coals—these people are ready to fell down and worship me because I'm not proud, -as they put it ; but there are numerous 1 orders bfpride, I thiulc,*— aud I thSr 'diiinef. 1 Such k pdsr ^one of; mutton! Poor little Susy! how she wouldopen l\er eyes'at'sight of the Richmond audi Greenwich'banquets that I have soon given to' persons as inferior to herself as—Hyperion to tho other person. What a frightful hindrance, to original composition is'that abominable; habit of hackneyed quotation!—the great! newspaper-mill going, round' thrce-lmmlradand-thirteeh times a ytoar; and Only one little limited stock of quotations for all the leaderwriters. "NovmbcrlG,—Sunday, aud a wot day; saw Susan start for church in the morning with prayer books and children. Strolled out with Umbrella a little after twelve; found tho church j unpleasant new buildiug, smelling of damp stucco, and looking like an edifice of soddened brown paper; waited in the porch, patient as that young idiot in Arthur Pendennis's poem, until ihy lady came out, and conducted her home in triumph under my umbrella, while the awkwalxlsquad of children brought up the rear undor cover of the maternal gingham. She was obliged to take my arm ; aud as the walk from the church is rather a long one, we got alarmingly intimate—when I say alarmingly intimate, I mean that she had taken to blushing when I speak to her. Thatfs the worst of these fawn-like girls; they will blush! And when they're pretty, the biushes are so bewitching. And when they don't happen to have fifty thousand or so, what is a fellow to do ? Take to his heels, replies the stern moralist, who has sown his own wild oats twenty years ago, aud is envious of the young scattercrs of to-day. I came to Coltonslough to read; and come what may, I shall stay there till it's time to go back to St. B. In the meantime, Susan is a brown-eyed angel—an angel who leads the life of a lowbred drudge, and from whom any possible change of circumstances must be a change for the better. "Of course I questional her about the sermon as we Walked home. Take an interest in sermons, aiid women will believe in you, though you were the veriest scouudrcl that ever admired Voltaire and considered the ' Pucelle' his chef-d\n>wre. What a little Puritan she is! She has been to church twice every Sunday ever since she can remember, she told me, and to Sunday-school, and to all kinds of examinations aud crossexaminations iu the vicar's parlour. I don't suppose she would have .floundered as I did, and come to grief over some of the questions those old fogies at Oxford asked me about Biblical history. She knows all about Saul, and David, and Jonathan,, and those ever- lasting wars with the Philistiues, I dare say. She is very pretty, lovely—yes, lovely, though not high-bred. I sometimes fancy, though, that she must have decent blood in her veins, 1 never saw a prettier little hand upon iny arm than that which rested there to-day, as I brought hor home from church. If I were— something utterly different from what I am, I would get iny degree, go in for a country curacy, and little Susan should be my wife. But iioblexge oblige ; whioh very elastic aphorism means, in my case, that I must marry a rich woman, and hold my own in my native country whenever the reigiiing potentate is polite enough to letire to the dusky shades whither all earthly sovereigns must go. "Poor little Susan! pretty little Susan! When I am a county magnate, laying down the law at the head of my table in the great dining-room at the hall, shall I look back and think of these days, and smile at myself, remembering that I could be so foolish as to go out on a wet Sunday to escort a little nursemaid along a damp road ? " Read hard all the afternoon : dined on an elderly fowl flavoured with Dutch oven—a bird that must have know Coitonsloiigh when the first bow-windowed house was a.damp brickwork skeleton, grim and open to the howling of tho winds. Read for some time after d>nner, and Jet my fine out. Wont downstairs to .hunt up matches and firewood, and fouird my landlady arid Susan sitting opposite to each other at a little table ,iyith one tallow-candle, reading pious compositions, of an evangelical tendeucy. They both seemed glad to see me; so I stopped'and talked to them. Susan had read tlie < Prisoner ofj Chillon,;' she'read it last night,and cried overi it' fearful,' my landlady informed me; so we; were able to talk ab6ut • the poem, and I read two or three of the fugitive pieces aloud. I used to be rather groat at the debating-club at : O., and I gave themitlie <Thyrzas' and 'Day! of myDestinys' very strong. 1 I;could seethe! tears shining in Susan's eyes before I'd finished.: I used to recite poetry to Rosa sometimes, 1 when I'd been takjng too much Bass, and we! e^bod inthe mopnlit porc^t the King's Arms,] with the,, <river t *<and the M'illows, and thei towing-path all of a shimmer in the silvery! jigiitbut one is apt,' tb get tired of reciting; sehtimental poetry to a young persoii who; crieSj ' Loi-', iiow ifunny i ! at the close of some passionate verse. • I remember thundering out that grand anathema of Tom Moore's against thb Prince lifl'geril;,' Go, doeoivei', go! and my Uosa asked ino' naively what the gentleman had done that the other gentleman should use such bad language to him. No, Rosa, your strong point was hot intellect. In tho matter of sticky curls and largc black eyes you arc unsurpassed, but the soutimental element in your nature maybe represented by zero. "Xovembe? 80.—More blanks in my journal. said we were growing alarmingly intimate j such an intimacy h alarming to a fellow who came to Coltonslough bent on devoting himself to Aristotle and Aristophanes, /lischylus and Euripides, and all that sort of people. Have been' reading 'The Clouds' all this morning, but found a strango undercurrent of Susan Turner pervading the classic satire; and I mean to go in and win this time; those fellows at St. Botiifaco sha'n't be able to laugh at my discomfiture a second time. Why were women created for tho trouble and confusion of the superior sex I I thought I should be so safe at" Coltonslough, remote from Rosa, the Delilah of my youth; and lo! here is another Delilah a thousand times more daugerous—a shy, brown-eyed Oinphalc, for whose sake any intellectual Hercules on this earth would meekly hold the distaff. She is no pretty; and all those modest, shrinking ways have such an unspeakable fascination after a long course of Rosa's sharp repartees, all redolent of the bar and the beer-engines. I can never dissociate Rosa from the smell of malt liquors and ardent spirits, with just a faint suspicion of lemons aud stale pork-pie. But there must bo something extraordinary about this girl, for her vulgar surroundings do not seem to vulgarize her. I don't mean that she is one of nature's duchesses, or any humbug of that sort. I have no belief in nature's nobility, and to my rniud a duchess is a person who lias been cradled iu Bclgravia, whose long-clothes were flounced with i><>iut <VAle qon, and to whom the wrong 6idc of Temple Bar would be as strange as the centre of Africa. I should by no means care to see my little Susy in a Loudon drawing-room ; but I cau fancy her domiciled in some rustic cottage in the lake district, a patient Wordsworthian little handmaiden, waiting upon and worshipping her husband, and getting him cosy breakfasts, with silvery trout broiled to perfection, and mushrooms newly-gatliered from the neighbouring plains. If I were only an embryo cnmte, with neither expectations nor ambitious desires, I scarcely think that I could find a better wife than this simple gazelle-eyed maiden; but Oh, that terrible monosyllable! The history of all the world seems made up of huts and ifs. " My afternoon stroll upon the Esplanade has grown into an established thing. Sixpence judiciously bestowed upon the children despatches those young abominations scurrying over the waste ground to an emporium which they call' the shop,' whence they return after an interval, embrowned and sticky with the traces of ginger-bread and barleysugar. In the meanwhile Susan and I are alone on that dreary Esplanade. What is it Byron says about youth, aud solitude, and the sea 1 Well, that sort of thing is rather a dangerous combination ; and I begin to think that if I want to redeem my character at St. B., I shall be obliged to take myself and my books away from Coltonslough. * Breathes there the wretch with soul so dead,' who could sit in that dingy parlor, coaching him self in the classics, while one of the prettiest girls in all the British dominions is walking up and down the lisplauade opposite his win dow, and thinking of him ? Yes, she thinks ofine, and expects me, when that yellow streak begins to glimmer in the west. I have seen her head turned towards my window; and then I pitch my friend Sophocles into the remotest corner, and go out for my afternoon strolL '*' December 10.—Yes, the dismal confessio must be written, or the account between R. L. aud self closed for ever. I am in Jove— seriously, desperately, unreasonably in love— with a young person whose social status is something between that of a parlor-maid and a nursery-governess. Could fihe be wonse off than she is now? Could any turn .'in tho wheel of fortune leave her in a lower place than thaj; she now occupies 1 Scarcely! I don't hdieve in those dismal histories which tho Minerva Press was' wont to disseminate. Susan is just the' sort of girl to fall on. Iier feet. Those shy, sensitive, creatures always kilow how to take carp of themselves, and often dp remarkably well iu life;' It's your dashing, high-spirited, strong-minded girl who goes to the bad. Goodness kiiows I'm not a bad-hearted fellow. I 'can't look at'such a girl as Susan without worrying myself about her future career. There's ' scarcely any sacrifice I wouldn't make—short of the sacrifice of my own prospects—iu order to insure her welfare. Yes, the little stranger, let into iny dwelling unawares, has' strung his bow and twanged his arrow home to my heart. I am really in love this time. ' I used to feel savage with those St. B. fellows when they talked nonsense to Rosa: but I thiuk I should annihilate the man who so much as looked at this girl Yes; I ain prepared to make any sacrifice—short of the destruction of my own prospects. Yonr really rich man, or .your peunQess beggar, caii afford to make a fool of himself; but I stand just in that middle distance between the golden lauds of plenty and the sterile plains of poverty, in which a man must needs be peculiarly circumspect «l7//t.—I have broken the ice at last "Wliat a little Puritan she is 3 And yet I know that she loves me, with the regular Haidee or Zuleika sort of devotion: would like to kneel at my feet and offer me tiresome flowers, when I was absorbed in the classic fogies, and all that sort of thing. A long interview on the Esplanade this afternoon. I beat the ground with the greatest discretion j for it would iiave been the easiest thing in the world to frighten her. It must be a marriage —a hoiui fdt marriage, secret, of course. She won't object to that, llut upon the other [>oiut I can see she would be inflexible. Those quiet people are always obstinate. Ay di me, my pretty Susy, I fear that you and I must say gooil-bye. And I am really over head and cars in that dismal pit. I am most absurdly fond of her ; that's the worst of it. Yes, we must say good-bye. The catechisms iu the rector's parlor and the Sunday-school liuve done their work, and Susan Turner will be a drudge all hex life rather than surrender those ridiculous prejudices which it is the fashion to implant in the minds of rustic youth. Addio, my pretty Susan. I cannot imagine anything more delightful thau our quiet walks in the cold gray twilight; I cannot conceive any eyes—out of a Murillo—so beautiful as those brown orbs of yours—orbs is the proper phrase, I think, when a fellow is sentimental j—but the price demanded is too heavy. One may buy gold iu too dear a market; and ten years hence, with blighted prospects, and lialf-a-dozen children, I might grow tired of my white doe of what's-its-name, and fancy a bluc-eyod Greuze—how wonderful that man was in his manipulations of violet- hued pupils swimming in enamelled whiteness 1—instead of my Murillo. « 20f/«.—I began to pack my books the day before yesterday, and yet I linger. ' Tell me, my heart, if this be love? Not much doubt about it, I fear. But only a day or two more, and then—and then good-bye, pretty puritanical Susan, with your Sunday-school morality, and all that innate obstinacy peculiar to quiet women. I shall liave foigotten her in six weeks, I dare say. But then that consolatory idea of the future oblivion won't lessen the anguish of parting. AVe may forget all about a gigautic triple-pronged carious tooth when we turn our backs upon the dentist's torturechamber, but the pang of of extraction is none the less. I shall forget her, and some other eyes will haunt me iu my sleep; but there must be a long blank interval of weariness before the Letheau waters can wash away that artless face. I have plumbed her simple mind to its uttermost depths, and have found nothing like deceptiou or pretence. So we must part. I to go forth and do my best at opening the great oyster; she to remain here as my landlady's drudge and companion. Poor little thing! I hope she'll miss me when I go. I shouldn't like to think of her enjoying a flirtation with some new lodger—a city clerk, who would wear ready-made clothes bought somewhere in Shoreditch, and smoke cheap Manillas. No, I shouldn't like to fancy her happy when I am gone. It wouldn't have been pleasant to the Corsair to imagine Medora flirting with mercantile mariners in his absence. " 2Uf.—I liave packed all my books, except a few German cribs. Perhaps it was as well, for my studies had grown very desultory. How can a fellow read hard when there is a pretty girl in the case, and he has been so profound an idiot as to £all in love with her t But ' it is written,' as the followers of the prophet observe, and I must go. I have told Susan. We had a very, affecting interview yesterday. How the poor little girl cried! And I hate to see a woman ciy; it's so excruciating to the feelings of a good- hearted fello\v ; and the prettiest woman's nose is apt to getjbfcta leetle red when 'the tears come trickling down, down, down.' 0 Susan, that I should quote that familiar ballad of Lord toVell when I write of your sorrow! But I suppose there is something of the pemjleur in my nature, for I; don't often find myself very earnest about anything. And so we jwalked up arid down the Esplanade ; she crying, and I talking. I .flaitter myself I talked rather well. There was just that dash of excitement, abpiit the business which makes a fellow talk well.' jiut liiy (ioqueticc was all of no avail; Alfred de Miissct, Byron, George Sand, Kouss6au, and Thomas Moore, all combined, cannot prevail against tho tenets of the Suuddy-sclidoi j and so we are to part,' in silence and tears, half brokeu-hearted, to sever,' &c.;, Unless I Were prepared to sacrifice any prosip^tfe and puj; tte fatal noose about my neck,; ;' '. (Fo be coniiniied.) 