MISS TRUEPENNY'S FORTIETH CHRISTMAS. Only a few years ago I saw her walking, stiff and erect, through the hall of her old home. Her gown of lustreless silk rattled on the old oaken boards, its stiff folds clanging like pasteboard, and the high heels of her shapely boots stumped along with a measured precision. Ifie still irre pressible brightness and warmth of her liair were hidden by a severe bit of three- cornerd lace that fell over her high white brow, and heightened thedead, cold, passion less contour of her face. Her hands were clasped loosely behind her; lier eyes bent to the floor. As she walked there, the figure was not an uninteresting one in a grim, ascetic point of view, but not readily connected with aught that concerned the tender passion. Yet many a brave soldier, and perhaps arrant rogue, carries a bit of lead with him to his grave. The bullet goes in and never comes out, but makes a comfortable bag and bed fw itself, and has a peripatetic home for many a year. It may be that in that time long ago the rosy god took aim for another target., or hit this one in sportive je3t, for she was, when quite a young woman, red-haired, high-nosed, and superior. This last the worst of all. She had mastered everything at the village school, and it was the general belief that while she was away for a twelvemonth or two, Elizabeth had learned more than was wholesome for any one young woman to know ; and when, upon her return, she" actually took the place of her college-bred cousin Matthew Gorse, as book-keeper and cashier in her father's store, and was perched upon the high stool, with a pen behind her delicate ear, her slim little hands fumbling among bills and papers in the worm-eaten drawer, the villagers shook their heads and hoped no harm might come of all this wisdom that Deacon Truepenny had bought for that " hoighty-toighty da'ter o' his'n." But Obadiah looked over at the rickety throne of his daughter, and not for the first time in his life thanked God she was not a son. In another part of the store lounged idly his nephew, young Matthew Gorse; and as the sharp, ferrety eyes of the old man fell upon his comely head, they took an expression of scorn and disgust that told very plainly in what estimation he was held by his forehanded uncle. " A clerk, indeed !" groaned Obadiah, who remembered his own bitter apprentice ship in that line — " trapesin' about with the girls at night, yawnin' and loungin' through the day, stickin' up his impudent nose at his betters, and findin' fault with his bread and butter; — a clerk, indeed!" Obadiah was about sick of it. "If he couldn't help out with the mackerel and ile, and was too dainty to pick out the rotten apples, why, he might go to thunder,"; would conclude Obadiah, who, although a deacon, was driven to the verge of pro fanity by this reprobate nephew of hi3. " And as to makin' head or tail o' them 'ere accounts o' his'n," it was too much for Obadiah. . " There was a screw loose some where. Squire Bronson hadn't paid that bill, nor Lawyer Bates nuther ; leastways if they had it was all mixed up somehow. He didn't want to be rash, but if he found out anything wrong—" And here the old man's greedy eyes would fasten themselves upon his daughter's face. She was his anchor, his hope. " What \yith the tarnal fashion o' reckonin' nowadays," the old ledger was a sealed book to him:" Matthew would push it over, to his uncle, smile con temptuously; and lounge : dpij, jjecure, as the oldanVyvell pm&w; that thb 'cqntents were like a Chinese puzzle in- his" hands. But- now he could Took away from'that scornful face and mocking smile, and gaze upon the calm, serious one of his daughter. It might not be lovely to some folks, but to him it was the one face in the world. Her keen, grey eyes, her high nose, her sharp-set mouth, were more alluring in the eyes of hei\ father than any soft-dimpled loveliness. There was that in Elizabeth's face that lent comfort to his fretted soul, and a clean quiver about the girl's nostrils brought back his dog Bess to him, and often he fell to calling her by that name, as the only venture to a caress he knew how to" give. "When young Matthew caught to this pet title, for he had always hated the grim one of Elizabeth, the old man grinned maliciously. ; . " Bess it is, young man," he said, "sure's you're bora, and Bess was the best pointer the world ever saw. If you've been at any capers, she'll nose you out, mark my words for it." And Matthew would turn upon his heel and walk contemptuously away ; but sur reptitiously he would watch his cousin from a distance, and as he saw the head of the young girl Bent over the battered old ledger, her keen eyes probing that miserable tell tale of a book, his soul began to be vaguely troubled. His contemptuous indifference for this young school-miss, with her shallow knack of deceiving her father into the belief she was so wise, yielded to a sense of mastery he found in that face, so pale, so proud, and so severely cold. He did see that clean quiver of the nostrils; it was perfect; it was fatal. She knew all ; it was but a question of time. She held in those pretty slim hands of hers his life or. his death, his future manhood, or his eternal shame. He found something tigerish in her toying with the fluttering pages of that wretched old book, and began to long for tlie time when she would swoop down upon her prey and end this agony of yearning and suspense. For there had dawned within him of late, since, instead of the repulsive power of. his uncle, he had found a higher, purer, nobler force to combat and fear — -there had broken on his troubled spirit a. keener sense of suffering, hut with it the necessity for expiation, which amounted at times to an agony of yearning. He resolved one night to feed this desire, let it cost what it would. He got up and sat by the window. For. the first time he could look upon that bit of water shimmering yonder in the moonlight without a shudder. His hot eye3 suddenly became wet ; a sob escaped him. Hour after hour he sat there, motionless, absorbed, the prey to that thought that in the ghastly grey of the morning took so dubious a shape it tore the heart within him. All at once he saw the blue cambric gown of his cousin flitting down the garden path. He crept stealthily down the stairs, holding his breath as he passed his uncle's door, and went out into the garden. The fresh, fragrant air made him dizzy. He felt the pulses of his temples beat and his heart shake at the rustle of the bushes through which he trod. Nature had scarcely awakened from her sleep, and the moon was still in the sky. The garden seemed without a pulse, and the blue robe of his cousin, that was now but a step from him, took the shape, to his dazed senses, of a cloud that hod floated down from heaven. He stepped onward, and clasping the blue of that cloud, fell on his knees at her feet. The heart of this young girl, already touched by the tender grace of the summer morning, with the green of the grass, the twitter of the birds, the perfume of the flowers, by that indefinable sympathy of virginal youth with all that is mystical and sweet in nature — the heart of this young girl ceased to beat when she saw the pale, spectral face of her cousin, and felt the clutch of his hand upon her dress. " You know all, he said ; " you've got my secret out of that accursed lodger. Come, put an end to my misery. Tell my uncle to-day, if you've a spark of womanly pity, Bess ; finish it all to-day." She stood quite still and looked down upon him, Even in that second of agony he thought her face wa3 the purest and proudest in the world. He felt no shame in kneeling there. Apart from his crime, it seemed to him right that he, that every one, should be at her feet. But the suspense was overpowering " Speak — for God's sake, speak, Cousin Bess! Betray me at once, won't you? Oh, speak !" " No," she said ; " I will not betray you." But as he got upon his feet, and took one Rug breath of relief, and caught tlie hand hanging at her side, she drew it away, and held it back from him. : " Oh, yes, of course," said Matthew, bit terly, " I know what you mean ; you'll shield ' me from disgrace. You've got a little more pride of family than Uncle Obadiah. He'd hustle mo off to gaol without a qualm ; but you— you'll save me, and hate me as only" a proud woman can. And, Bess, see here; I cn n't boar to thwart you; you shall have your will. Bess, Bess, what do you want me to do P Speak the word. Go and throw myself in yonder pond, and wipe it all out for ever ? Oh, I swear to you I'll do it this moment, in the twinkling of an eye, and you shall look on and see !" He really meant what he said. He was overstrung with the weakness and agitation of those long hours of wakefulness, and there was something in the face of his cousin that stung him to madness. Just then he would rather have died than remained in .the world with her. He made a plunge forward, bub her hand now grasped his for one little moment. " No," she said, droppiug his hand and clasping her own.- " i will nob have it so." Her tone implied I hat she had even thought of this way of wiping out dishonour, but rejected it. The next words told why. "Because I cannot bear to have you die," she said; and two big tears rolled out of her eyes upon her clasped hands. "Oh," cried Matthew, with a groan of ;agony, " why didn't I know there was such a woman in the world ? Now it is too late." ' ' ' ' ' "It is not too late," said Elizabeth, gravely. "And — " "What?" interrupted Matthew, "Oh, 1 Bess, don't drive me mad. Don't make me live to despise myself. Tell me,' could you ever forgive me ? Could you in ten, twenty years, if I went through some sort of terrible ; expiation at your bidding— could you have the womanly heart to endure meinthe same world with you ?" A slight rustle in the bushe3 at her side startled Bess. She looked, and saw only The graceful haunch of a Gjiinea-hen; but ;it quickened the nerves of Miss Truepenny. | "Listen tome," she said. "You say you- will -do all that I bid you. Do you mean what' you say ?" — - ; "Yes, yeSi",he replied';; " that; is what I want— to 40 just as you will, as God is my judge, Bess. Fd'have the strength now to even tell my uncle." ----- - - "No, no," she said, with a; shudder, for phe knew her father well; " but you must pay the money back to him, without hi3 knowing it was gone. You must take three thousand dollars of mine that are lying in the bank — yes, yes, you must; you said you'd do all that I bid you." "Oh, Bess," he groaned " to take your money— your little money ! I can't, Bess." ; "You will, Matthew; you will borrow this money of me, and pay me the same interest for it that the bank allows, it must be withdrawn to-day — this morning —so that I can make the books right. It is dreadful to have them wrong. There now ; it is all over." She put her hand upon his head with a sad, sweet gesture of farewell, and as she left him it seemed to Matthew that the bushes parted, and where her tender, gra cious face had been, that of a demon re mained— a cynical, sly, sneering face, a face of demoniac will and purpose, the face of his uncle Obadiah. Matthew remained for a moment petrified with fear and disgust; but the face vanished, and it all seemed like a dream of his disturbed fancy. It was impossible; it could not be. Of course not. At break fast there sat his uncle Obadiah, with his wrinkled face untouched by emotion of any kind. He ate with his head bent as usual to the table, once in a while casting a quick, furtive glance upon his daughter, which habit was a part of his meal. As for Bess, she poured out the coffee with a steady hand ; her voice had no quaver in it; but there was something always about his cousin that seemed masterful to Matthew, only it was wonder ful such tenderness could go hand in hand with it. A hundred emotions took away his appetite. It seemed to him that his soul had just been bora. How different was the store that day ! The gaudy placards upon boxes and bales, the fly-paper on the mouldy old ceiling ; on one side flaunted gay-coloured prints and petticoats, while upon the other stood sturdily rakes and hoes, shellers and feeders, even more costly implements of agriculture. The side window, with its narrow,' dusty panes, its shelves filled with fruit and pickle jars, patent medicines, and stale confectionery, held also the desk and stool of the accountant. Many a time bad he perched there, a band of iron about his head, every nerve in his body .tingling with desperation and despair. Now there was a high, white brow there, cool and calm and passionless, a white warm ' body, but apparently without nerves; above all, a soul free from stain. , How different it was ! The old flavour in the back of the building of musty grain and mildew, and down in the cellar the strong conglomeration of mackerel and oil, of brown sugar and molasses, of horse liniment, vine gar, and home-brewed beer, of rancid butter and bacon, of hides, of beef, hams, and cod fish—the odour of these, mingling and com- iningling, failed to create the usual sensa tion of disgust to Matthew. He took off his fine coat, and pulling up his shirt sleeves, ramificated down in the very bowels of this damp, sticky, subterranean retreat, the half -shut, wrinkled, cunning eyes of his uncle following him curiously and with an ominous speculation. Some disagreeable work was got over that morning, Mr. Truepenny seemingly willing enough to humour the busy bent of his nephew. About noon Matthew went above, and at the top of the ladder beheld the flutter of a blue cambric dress ; it set his heart to beating painfully. Instinc tively he took his hat from his head, and when Bess saw first that handsome, spectral head, it was even with the floor. It was so handsome and yet. so spectral a head that it reminded her of one in a picture she had seen somewhere, that of a cavalier prone upon the block, ready for the axe of the headsman close by. She stooped and put in his hand a bit of paper. He bent his head over her hand and as she drew it gently away a loose flutter of ribbon from her sleeve remained in Matthew's grasp. He looked at it with a sort of greedy piety, and put it in his pocket with the cheque. It must have been nearly noon before he could go to the bank. Obadiah seemed possessed with a desire to tidy the whole establishment, and worked hand in hand with his nephew till that hour. When Matthew went out of the store he cast one little look behind. The grave, candid eyes of Bess, as they met his, wore the trusting confidence of a little child. A fleeting colour touched her cheek. She nodded to him encouragingly. It was all he could do to keep calm, and he went out into the street with blurred eyes and a faltering step. Yet he thought he should see her again in ten, fifteen minutes— at the utmost a little half hour. He walked on with a quick step, holding , Ida Read high, looking neither to the right jnor the left. Many a passer-by noticed his : preoccupied, agitated manner, and spoke I of it after vvard, as people will, twisting and distorting everything into damnatory evi- j donee against the accused. The money was ipaid over to him without a question, the j party counting out the three thousand i dollars no doubt busy in his mind as to what speculation that red- haired, high-nosed young woman was about entering into ; ; but he made no remark, and Matthew put the money in his pocket, where already lay that little treasure of blue-ribbon, and went on his way to that red-haired, high-nosed damsel, whistling softly as he went, for the first time in years. But he had scarcely gone a third of the way when he saw his uncle Obadiah coming up the street with one of their old towns men by the name of Dobson — a lounging, shiftless fellow, who had lately been ap pointed a policeman under the new law. His uncle Obadiah was given to consort ing with all classes of people, and he walked by the side of this fellow with the same shuffling and sly demeanour that he bore with the squire of the parish. Matthew, with a slight salutation, would have passed quickly on, congratulating himself that Obadiah was well out of the way for a time, but he felt the hand of his uncle on his arm. " We'll walk together," said the old man. " Come," he continued, leaving his com panion and leaning heavily upon Matthew's arm, "we'll go down by the dam where people won't be listenin'; I want a word with you." Obadiah was not wont to consult his nephew in anything, and Matthew's courage was shaken when they reached the mill. His eyes instinctively avoided the malicious twinkling ones of his uncle, and he shook himself free from that clutch of his skinny hand. A dim "horror began to penetrate him. The noise of the water falling from the wheel, the wheel itself, became a phantom of dread to his imagina tion. It reminded him somehow of a drowning creature holding up its dripping arms in terror and supplication. "I take it, Matthew," began his nncle, " that you'll be reasonable; you've gener ally found out pretty quick on which side your bread is buttered. You needn't look as if you were going to be hung. For some wise reason or other the devil is let have his agents here on the earth, aud you seem to be a pretty good help o' his'n. You're in luck, young man. If yon behave right, I'll do the fair thing by you ; if you don't, you've no one but yourself to blame. I happened to be on the other side o' the hedge this mornin' when you had that little talk with Elizabeth." Matthew did not even start. He knew it all now, but he shuddered, and said, "Yes, I saw you." " Hum — you did ?" continued Obadiah. " You see, I get up early — ' Early to bed and early to rise,' you know, that's my motto; and Elizabeth, she's a chip o the block, ain't she ? She's got a long head, has Elizabeth, and a , cool, calculatin' brain, hain't she, now ?" "Go on!"; said Matthew, fiercely; '."go on ! What do you want with me ?" "Well," drawled Obadiah, "I might prosecute you as a thief, you know; you confessed you stole the money." "I took what was mine," said Matthew, his face in a blaze of passion. " My grand father had no right to leave you my mother's share. I won't be called by that name — be careful what you say." " It's ray way," said Obadiah, " to call things by their right names. Anybody that takes what ain't belongin' to him is a thief— hold! keepi back there! I'd like to say that up yonder on the bank is an old friend, Dobson. He's got handcuffs in his pocket, and all them little things that are in his line o' business. He hain't had much to do lately, and it's no more'n right he should be ready when he's called. Perhaps I may want him, and, ag'in, I mayn't. Now see here, I'll give you your ch'ice, young man : you can . take that there money that you've got in your pocket — that three thousand dollars of Elizabeth's — and you can clear off with it, get away to the devil if you like, but don't never let me see or hear of you ag'in, me nor mine. Hark ye, young man, it'll be a short shrift if ye do. I'll haul you up ; I'll hunt you down; I'll take the furtherest end of the law on you. Them white fingers o' youra hev been mighty free lately; they ain't satisfied with takin' my money— they must prowl around my da'ter !" And here the heat in the old man's eyes rivalled the blaz9 in Matthew's. " Take your ch'ice, and take it quick, young man — yourfreedom, the world before you to play the devil in, and that three thousand dollars of Elizabeth's you've got in your pocket there, or a gaol, a striped shirt, a shaven head, and a cell." Matthew sank down upon the grass. His head fell upon his hands. He was too sick and sad even to be angry any more. It was all over ; he had lost all, as he had, perhaps, well deserved — hope for the future, redemp tion for the past. It was gone for ever, that impossible phantom of faith and tenderness and ineffable charity in which he had dared to trust. He got upon his feet, and pulling the bills from his pocket, put them in Obadiah's hand. The bit of blue ribbon fell from his trembling fingers, but he picked it up and put it back in his pocket again. Then he turned to Obadiah. . " See here, old man," he said ; " there is Elizabeth's money. Take it back to her ; she's waiting for it now." Here his voice shook, and the muscles of his face twitched with an irrepressible agony. "Tell her," he said, " it was all useless — all her sweet wo manly mercy; but tell her, too — do you hear? — that because of that mercy, I'll do the best I can. I'll try to wipe it all out, for he? sweet sake, and then I'll come back, and not till then. Say, will you tell her that ? or shall 1 do it ? I swear to you that, in spite of yon or Dobson, I'll walk up the street there to Elizabeth. I'll risk everything rather than she shall lose faith in me. May I depend on you ?" " Y — yes," stammered Obadiah; "youmay reckon on my doin' what's right." " Swear that you will; swear by — 0 gracious Heaven ! what is there sacred to the soul of this old man ? — swear by Eliza beth herself, as you hope to hold her love or favour, you'll deal fairly by me in this ono way." And the old man swore. His face qui vered like a shaken piece of parchment, and his voice was but a whisper, but he swore. Then Matthew strode away, and in all the weary years that followed, a water-wheel was a spectre of dread to him, and that thorny brake, that bank of tenderest green, flecked with buttercups and daisies, a spot to shudder over and forget. Obadiah sat there a moment, broken and trembling with a little argument that went on within him, and he wiped the cold sweat that started to his brow. Then he put away the bills, and went up to Dobson on the bank above. Elizabeth looked up when her father en tered the store, looked over and beyond het father expectantly, and with an air of hope, ful certainty a little fretted bv delay. Hei finger rested upon a place in the ledger, anc on the" desk lay a crumpled mass of bills held down by a rusty old weight. But her father shuffled on, and there was no step after his. The long hours of the afternoon went slowly by ; shadows began to lengthen, and the heafc and dust of the day were tempered by. the approach of evening. Still Elizabeth lingered at the de3k, un consciously held there by a weight of sus pense, of vague and harrowing fear. It was already twilight when a group of idlers gathered under the side window, and the confused murmur of their voices reached her troubled senses through the broken panes of glass. At last, with fatal precision these words fell upon her ear : " Three thousand dollars 1 .. It was a pretty good haul for Mat Gorse to make off with. The young scalawag somehow out witted them all. They do say the money belonged to Miss Truepenny." Then Miss Truepenny got down from the stool, and, taking her hat from its accustomed peg, walked out the door homeward. By the time her father came, hot and flustered, with even a more shuffling step, than usual, and took his seat at the table, Elizabeth, was as calm and cool "as ever. Her fingers held to him the brimming cup of tea, and not a drop therein quivered; her keen grey eyes looked out beyond her father to the dusky laburnums at the garden gate, then they returned again and settled themselves upon his face. " So Matthew Gorse took my money to day and ran away with it ?" she said.'." " Yes, yes," replied the old man, his shaking hand spilling the tea upon the snowy cloth ; " so they say, Bess, You shouldn't 'a trusted him. But it didn't matter ; he was a thief and a scoundrel be fore." "It did matter, "said Elizabeth. "He took those three thousand dollars and went away, did he, father ?" Her voice grew shrill with a sudden over powering tone of yearning, and she looked steadily at the old man. "Yes, yes," stammered Obadiah, his voice also getting shrill, and his chin shaking painfully. " But don't mind, Bess; I'll make it up to you, every penny of it, and more." " No," she said, in a hard, bitter voice, "you can't give it to me — nobody can. You can't make it up to me — nothing can." And Obadiah found to his dismay that nothing could induce Elizabeth to take from him the three thousand dollars. Her own three thousand hidden away became a curse to him. She made him feel like a thief himself. He had, after all, taken her money, as Matthew Gorse had taken his. No matter what the motive was, there the money lay — stolen from her, concealed, put out of her reach or knowledge. The thought was misery to him. The fact that, he had done this thing to save her frem falling into what he thought was a snare of the devil, mattered little to him now. If Matthew Gorse had told him, and he had known, that the money he had taken was spent in some righteous way, it wouldn't have raised the young man a whit in his estimation. Money was money, and it must belong somewhere. If it was taken from its rightful owner, the one who took it was a thief — there lay the whole matter. This epigrammatic way of settling it made the old man's hair white in a year, took all the cunning out of his eyes, put in his face something weak and pitiable, but "changed it vastly for the better — wonder fully for the better. If Matthew Gorse K could have met his uncle in the streets of Plimpton Centre a- few years after he parted with him, he wouldn't have known him. He would have lifted his hat to the bent, drooping, white-haired old man and passed reverently by. ... But these years that bent and shattered the body and soul of Obadiah Truepenny seemed to harden and petrify and preserve his daughter. She grew straighter and stiffer and sterner and colder, till she might almost as well have been made out of stone. Obadiah could find no fault. She poured out his tea for him, at the age of thirty, with the same punctuality and accuracy that had marked that courtesy ten years before. She was now the soul and centre of the business in Plimpton, which had greatly prospered now that the railroad ran through the town. She bought and sold bargained and trafficked, with the long head and sagacious foresight he had credited her with when she was but a girl. And all legal culprits had the same reason to fear lier that they found long ago with her father; she had no mercy, not even when he pleaded for them, as he did, often and strenuously ; so that, being a legal .culprit himself, he began to tremble at her approach, and crept away to hi3 own room, there to shiver amd moan and vainly strive for courage to undo what he had done. For of what avail would it be now to make his daughter, the one being on earth dear to , him, hate and despise him and cast him from her? Obadiah meant to tell his daughter all, as he had sworn so to do; but he had not stipulated when, the time was not in the bond, and the moment had never come to him when it seemed easy, or indeed possible to fulfil his promise to Matthew. He determined he would tell her in five years —in ten ; he put it off to fifteen, and then took the crime to his conscience to lie there a curse for ever. Elizabeth was thirty-seven years old when one morning Obadiah walked down the main street of Plimpton, leaning heavily upon his gold-headed cane , and was suddenly hailed from afar by a voice that seemed familiar to him, and yet it did not appear possible that the disreputable and dilapi dated tramp approaching could ever have been known to him. The man's head was bouud up in a red handkerchief, and despite the freezing air, a woollen shirt and overalls seemed to comprise his wardrobe. " You don't know me, do you, deacon ?" he said, coming close to the old man ; " and I'm blest if at first I could make you out. It don't seem as if livin' on the fat o' the land and sleepin' on beds o' down has done much for you, any more'n starvation and campin' out has done for me. The game's pretty well played for both of us, I reckon; but I want to tell you, deacon, that there's somebody on tho war-path. Unbeknown to myself, I did you a bad turn out yonder." " Out where, Dobson ?" said Obadiah. Perhaps there was only one other face in the world so stamped upon his memory that ho could have known it after all these years of hardship and frustration. But in that scene down by the mill-dam this man Dob son was a mute and unconscious partaker, aud Mr. Truepenny's memory was keen to agony here. " In the mines," said Dobson. " I fell upou your nephew Mat out there. Yes, I did, deacon, that's a fact ; and sheer ill luck and misery followed me from that minute. I'm blest if he wasn't a regular Jonah; he had the cussedest ill fortune in everything he undertook, and things went from bad to worse right straight along. One don't talk of home much out that way, deacon ; think of it, you understand, more or less all the time, but don't talk of it. But that day I : threw up my hand ; couldn't stand it, caved I right in, seventeen miles from camp, dead cleaned out, no whisky even. We got down in a frozen ledge, Mat and I, the sky heavy as lead over us, and some big black wings flappin' down. ' We'll leave our bones hero, Mat,' 6ays I, 'and them varmints up there'll pick 'em clean.' And says Mat — he always took things quiet, you see — says Mat, ' As well here as anywhere.' And says I, ' Mat, no; I'm blest if I wouldn't ruther be covered up clean in Plimpton church -yard, and so would you if you "hadn't made off with that money of Elizabeth Truepenny's ;' and, Lord ! if there was ever a mad miner, stark, ravin' mad — But hold on, deacon ! here, lean on me. Don't take on about it; ten ohances to one his bones are bleachm' out there now. It ain't half so easy to get back as to go. He swore he'd come, and what Mat undertook in that line he generally got through ; but he was pretty well caved, his right leg dragged a little, and a rattlin' old cough stuck to him night and day. He started on the trail and left me clean behind ; but, deacon, I think- he's slipped Out, I do indeed." Something in the face of the deacon touched and went far to terrify the old miner. It was seamed and haggard and grey. The people in Plimpton Centre thought it a fine thing to see the deacon go up the main street leaning upon the arm of that- miserable Dobson. " That's true piety," they said, and doffed their hats reverently to the poor old gentle man. That night the deacon was no longer able to take the cup of tea from the hand of his daughter. She went up to his room with it, and held it to his lips, and looked down upon him with her cold, keen eyes. " What night is it, Bess P" he said. "I heard the church bell a bit ago." " It is Christmas night , father." " Go down, Bess, go down, and bid Betty build the Christmas fire upon the hearth. Bid her get ©ut the blackberry wine. Someone may need the warmth and cheer to-night." " You are best in bed, father." "Ay, but go down as I bid you, Bess; make it bright and cheery and warm below there." When Elizabeth returned to her father, he held out to her his shaking hands. " How old are you to-day ?" he said ; " how old, Bess, God help me, how old P" " Thirty-seven years, father," she said, and smiled bitterly. "And can't you get a bit warm with the Christmas fire, Bess, and Betty's wine ? It's the day our Saviour was born to save miserable sinners. You are so cold and white, Bess ; poor sister Nan can't be much colder and whiter, though she's been a ghost this many a year, since ever Matthew Gorse was born." At the sound of that nauie Elizabeth's eyelids fell. A shudder crept through her frame. Something that had been dead within her sprang to life with a birth-pang of sinister joy. " It's a cold hearth-stone," muttered her father ; "a lonely one this many a year. Keep the Christmas fire bright, Bess ; he may come home at anytime. I've righted him in my will. You won't grudge him the money, Bess ? I did him a foul wrong." Here he raised himself on his elbow and looked pleadingly in her faee. "Father," said Elizabeth, in a harsh, strained voice, " didn't Matthew Gorse take my money and run away with it?" "No, no, no," said the old man, and fell back upon the bed. " He sent it back to you, with a message, Bess. I'd ha' told you long .ago, but I got more and more scared of you ; but he told me to tell you for your sweet sake — for your sweet sake — " " Oh, my God !" said Elizabeth, and fell on her knees by the bedside. Then Obadiah fell into broken sobs and exclamations, and told her all. Obadiah Truepenny died that night, and when upon the day of the funeral the will was read, the people of Plimpton Centre thought it a wicked and unjust thing for Deacon Truepenny to leave half his fortune to that scape-grace of a nephew, Matthew Gorse. Time rolled on, however, and Matthew „ did not come to claim his inheritance. Every night the ruddy glow from Miss Truepenny's sitting-room windows gleamed halfway across the road, but it was fully three years afterward that it shone upon a shabby, disheveled, fierce-looking vagrant, "who stooped upon the door-step to put some of the snow by the way-side upon his burning, throbbing head. His breath was nearly spent, and the Christmas bells that rung out from the church below made a confusion in his brain. His shaking hand raised the massive old silver knocker, but Betty did not unfasten the chain. " Obadiah Truepenny ?" she said. "Why, Lord o' mercy, he's dead and buried these three years !" " Dead !" said Matthew, and dropped on the door- sill like a stone. That word was like a bullet to him. "Dead!" he gasped out, and gave up the struggle. He fell on his face along the porch, and there Eliza beth found him. Some hours after, he opened his eyes upon the wide, pleasant old sitting-room. The Christmas fire was burning upon the hearth, casting a ruddy glow upon the horne- Bpun oarpet ; blazing upon the polished heads of brass, the quaint old heads of handirons, shovel, and tongs, staring at each other from their separate corners, just as in the old time ; flickering upon the solid old mahogany sideboard, with its chubby decanters and tall glasses, its big square tray, upon which that Japanese woman had been falling slantwise through the air all these years, and never yet spilled those impossible flowers on the- mountain by her side ; lighting up the high straight- backed chairs, the tall mirror, the dried grasses on the mantel, the geraniums still blossoming in the warm south window ; heating the air with a home scent of pine, a resinous odour of the old woods, that went straight to the soul of the poor vagrant upon the old chintz-covered settee. Once upon a time he was in keeping with the snug, gay appointments of this pleasant old room. He was as smart and dapper then, with bis jetty locks and white akin and unexceptionable garments, as smirk and smart-, as they. But now he wa6 broken and bent and worn, shabby, un kempt, and miserable. His boots were rent-, and so was his heart. He was out of place here. And a shadow there by his side, some drapery upon the floor, a ruffle of lace fall ing upon a white hand near by—all these took his breath away, brought weak, miser able tearB to his eyes, shook the fainting soul within him. Her face — oh, the old proud, sweet face ! — was turned a little away, and her hair — oh, the old ruddy, shadow-tinted hair ! — had half fallen upon her shoulder; the high nose, the clean cut of the nostril, the firm sweep of the chin and throat — why, she was the same old sweet, sad, imperious Bess, the very same, while he — oh, misery !— was .but a ghost to trouble joy. All the old fear of her and the old worship came swooping back upon bim. He made an effort to fall at her feet, but sank back powerless. " Bess ! Bess !" he cried, in a voice cracked and hollow as a broken drum. " Did the old man tell you before he died ? Did he right me at the last ? Oh, I swear to you, Bess, I've been true to my word ever since. I've done my best, Bess, poor, miser able wretch that I am — I have done my best. See here " — and he took from bis breast a ragged, faded bit of ribbon — "I've kept it all these years; it's all I went away with, and it's all I've come back with. I couldn't make up the money, Bess ; luck was against me somehow. Where other men gained, I always lost ; and even now I'm in the way. I must go, Bess ; but tell me, before I leave you, did the old man right me at the last.r" Theft she slipped from her chair to the 81 BMBn— a— na—nm— — bcm— — —in1 floor, and for the first time in twenty long years and more he felt the arms of a worn au about his neck, of all the arms in the world, those of his cold, proud cousin, and teavs were raining out of her eyes upon his wasted cheek. The poor trembling lips of the wanderer, touched by those of Elizabeth, grew faint with rapture. As for Bess, this was the first, the very first, lover's kiss that had ever been hers, and she was forty years old that day. "He righted you, Matthew. He was sorry. He has left you sixty thousand dollars in his will, You are as rich as I, dear. I pray of you to forgive him." "Forgive him — yes, with all my heart. But take the money — no; your money, Bess — sixty thousand dollars!" and the poor baffled gold- seeker repeated it otice again — " Sixty thousand dollars !" "With his prayer to be forgiven, dear. And the old store is there. You shall be its master, and mine, Mattbew. Ob, say — tell me — are you happy at last — as happy as I ?" " Why, Bess, if I've only the strength to bear it. It's tougher than misery, some how. Bess, I'm a weak, miserable wretch, you know. Let me have it out, dear ;" and he put his head down on her breast, and sobbed all the old wretchedness and wrath and sorrow away. 