. t LENTEN THOUGHTS:' ' - '» - - -.'no. ,11; - . .... ' . Que last article exposed tHe Avp'rtlalessriess of the text wliich Di\ Polffing took fi4om the Apocryphal : writer; Tobias, as the heading of his Lenten epistle, and also the absurdity of the doctrine contained in it, viz., that money called "alms" delivers from death,, purges away siu, and merits .mercy and everlasting life." We now go on';to other matters. " Dr. Polding tells us that a well-spent Lent will make us, as the disciples of our '.'dear Lord," very good; but our dear Lord never required of us Lent, and in no part of the Scripture is there the most distant hint that it is the duty of disciples to attempt an imitation of His forty days fast. If He desired any such service from His disciples: He would have said so,; but He never said so; never even, hinted, it ; and, therefore any such attempt is an impious- attempt,' which' has 1 not and cannot have ' any 'sanction- or merit.' '' ' . Dr. , Polding next.' ; substitutes,- .".the' oh urch " for .-the.; 1 5 ' dear < Lord;" and' tells' us that the' " law of ,the ' Church' " is the " law of . Christ.". ' This/ is' -the, very, thing vwhich we, deny, , and which - the . Scrip tu res Melius. to .deny, ifor.. no( Church; Bishop, or ! Pope, is authorized '-'to make that a; law which Christ has never"; made a law. ; We are told to '' .try ;the. spirits," and to /'.'search the Scriptures!;", but; wby -try. and search if.- th e very thing to be : tried- is- a'law above ahdbey.ond the, Scriptures1? ''No doubt; it' is right , to ; V hear - the.ChurcH4;!' but we .are.»told<i that.if ",an angel ,,, from- heaven preach anything else 'than what is written; he is not to be received nor for a moment believed." - The .Popish Church is always -talking. about, "the church," ''the church," and-claiming "to- be the channel through which .the " wonderful mercy of God has brought . salvation to men but if God had intended any thing so absurd, He could easily ihavB- said so in so mapy : words. \- Dr. Polding next tells us that the Church, has " carefully laid down rules: for fasting," and that the Church has " issued precise, formal law, establishing a mode and measure for the obedience of her, children." All this is true, 'but what then .? . . The Church orders ; hut the thing i to she denied is, that ' the -Church has power ; and her assumption that in' order ing , she is an , "infallible authority," binding the conscience," -and " com- ;-rnanding for Christ;" is an assumption which has not one tittle of proof. " " But Dr. Folding quotes, as proof, a text, from genuine Scripture this : time,- and here it is — If. any man : will do God's: will, he will know- if the .doctrine - (of the ''appointed teacher) comes : from God." r : No w, is n ot . s'lMMny. piuui , ratner cnan producing it ? Is, it not falsifying Scripture in the very act of- quotings Scripture ? - Is it riot the very method which Satan has, when he quotes. .Scripture,— misquoting and mis applying .? The. parenthesis which: Dr. Polding puts in, " of 1 the appointed teacher," begs the whole question and vitiates the whole quotation. - The text speaks plainly, -?f If , any man will do the loill of God, he shall know- of the doctrine whether it be of God ;" that . is, as a' nian obeys God will- he. experience by, his .obedience that he is pleasing God and that the things done are God's will; But two things here are required to make the text applicable— " A.re Dr. Polding's fasting laws. God's will ? and is men's experience the test?" Por the first thei'e is nothing- more than assertion ; and, if t.he second be' correct, then what becomes of the paren thesis about the " appointed teacher ?" Of course, Popish logic staggers at nothing. Grant that the Church is Christ ; that Lenten pastorals are God's will, that fast-' ing laws bind the conscience as God's com mands, and that the 'appointed teacher" is Dr. Polding :— grant all this, and then, of course, it must be very wrong to dispute with Dr. Polding ; but if this is clear, what, is the use of quoting texts ; if not clear, will. the texts prove it ? ' Dr. Polding next gives us the origin and -history of Lent. He tells -us that, the origin was a desire in the first Christians to "imitate Christ" - /and to . " follow .Him ;" and that this desire was under -the /' sweet influence of. the Holy. Ghost But .if this .were so, how comes it; that, the first Christians never kept Lent ? . We liave in the- Scriptures : a very ; full account of the desires . and feelings and .actions of the first Christians ; but we find nothing . about their observing Lent. We have the Apostles telling the Christians to "imitate Christ," but we never find them speEking about Lent. And we actually findi Peter (the first Pope !) telling the Christians to imitate the example of Christ and. to walk' in His steps ; but, 'strange to say, he never thought about enjoining forty days fasting,- nor did the sweet influence of the- Holy Ghost ever lead him to see that the .forty days of Christ's fasting' was intended to be mimicked as' one of the bfet of all methods of " following; Christ." Why, do we say " mimicked ?" — because to say that the ' fasting of Lent, with its eggs; cold collations,' milk at supper, plenty of wine/ and fruit, exceptional days days for flesh eating, good fish and nicely done omelettes, and dispensations from all fasting what ever for a money consideration— to say that all this is an " imitating of Christ," and a 'following; of Him in His forty days fast when he did eat nothing," is not only an abuse of words,. but an insult to the intelligence of even, a fool. " Mimick ing "therefore is a proper term, and the sense is warranted, that the: " mimicking " deserves the utmost contempt;-— Dr. Fold ing's " history of Lent " ia singularly in complete. The origin. is lostvin fable ; but he ought to have -told his -people that at first the Lent fast- was only :of forty flours duration, and -that forty days were /not the rule until, after :the time, of Gregory the Great : and then-above all he ought' in'- his history to have told' them that the differ ences which existed in different /churches as to.the, time, date, ; arid manner of; keep- ' ing Lent .were , so1 great, that the churches quarrelled; and 'that the power ofRoirie to TOmehSomhing dike uniformity, Jbd to violence, strife and blood sh eddinig of the most disgraceful .description. All this, of course/ wasby.;tlie'is\veetinflaenceof -fori 'Holy. Gliosb';!"' :- 'History is not of much' use'ta a- ;Popish bishop,; unless, he has tlie-pqwer and privilege to alter and carve-it;fo;suit his. purpose. 'As a specimen; of- liow a 'Popish bishop; can .make /-Kistbryyf 'quote! Scripture,' and prove-'; ahyfching/by./mere assertionjWe.giyetliat.partofh Lenteii' epistleKwhich inay. be s'aid to .be ".the doc trine on; the question:"— ; '> ; ' K - ; , ; U I'1®- feipe.,9? the Holy ( Ghost, . as it is, heard i'n .tlie. tradifcidns.jM living . practice of I the phurcli is identical with- the voice which speaks in Holy Scripture.", ... Then follow theie texts, which we give in full . "Now therefore, - saith the. Lord, be con verted .to, me. with all your heart, in .fasting, aud in weeping, and in mourning.','. (Joel, c.1 ii., -. ."In those days I, Daniel, .mourned, the : days of three , weeks. I, ate no desirable bread, neither flesh nor. wine entered into my mouth." (Daniel, ,c. x., v. 3.) ' - Yet, forty days, and Ninive shall be des troyed. And the men of Ninive believed in God, .and they proclaimed a fast,, and put on sackcloth from the greatest to the least." (Jonas, c.iii. v. 4, 5.) " When thou dost alms, let not thy left hand know what thy right hand doeth. Pray to thy Father., tin secret, and thy, Father, who seeth in. secret, will repay thee. When- you fast, be not as the hypocrites— sad." (Sermon on the Mount) . , This kind (of, unclean spirit) can go out by nothing but by prayer and fasting." (Mark, c. ix., v. 2S) (t t>.. i. .j. i. .v ; .. liuu yeu uiiciu . which, remainewi. give -.alms, , and behold all things are clean unto you." (Luke, c. xi.,.v. 41.) , " Thy prayers and thy alms are ascended for a memorial in the sight oif God," (Acts, c. x., v 4 J : Now, of all hypocrisies and crimes what .could be greater than the recital of these texts to prove Lent, and to prove that the voice , of . the Holy Ghost in the teachings of the- Bomish Church is identical with the voice in Holy Scripture? The first texts speaks of a national fast and humi liation, and - return to God, after His judgments upon the Jews for their iniquities. Is there anything like this in what is called Lent, when a priest will take -a .five-pound-note as an equivalent for fasting, and give for the five-pound-note a dispensation to eat any food going ? The second tells us what Daniel did in the Court; of Persia, "mourning three weeks, eating no desirable pleasant bread, taking neither wine nor flesh, and not even anoint ing himself with oil." But has this any thing to do with Lent, oris this " voice of Scripture" anything like the voice of Popish tradition, since, according to this tradition, if a man will give . 10, lie 'will be saved from " mourning,?', and he . will .be.. permitted' to eat as many, fish: fries,, egg cakes, with wine sauce, as much pleasant bread, and drink as much whiskey and, rum- as he may be disposed to take 1. The third text tells what -the People of Nineveh .did when destruction was threat ened them—". The king laid his robe from him and covered himself with sackcloth and sat in ashes. . neither man nor beast eating, anything. neither/ food, noiv drank water. ; . - V , and- man and ' beast.were covered with sackcloth;" Was this fasting. of the Ninevites. anything, like .itiPopish Lent,? ? -Does.. Dr.- Poliling. take off his: i lace petticoat and his -fur cape ? Does -Dr. Van ghan- take off his red cloak and apron, lay aside that gold pibss : which he, so, delights to ,, exhibit when he ;/ drives- into town in his carriage? Do theBe two gentlemen- sit -in- -ashes and cover them selves it in sackcloth ? Do, they . taste nolhingri-TiexthoY food nor, ;drink,?f-rWe trow not ! ...The: one -can easily dispense- 'the - other "wit/tout a money consMerdiioni and, dui'ing, -their Lenten fast, look:;, as rosy , and.jolly and.fat and.comfortable, as if they/ ,.were4not motmiing ok- C, /'Mournin'gj" —not they. << Sitting in ashes;!"-ryes; if sitting : in carriages and. sleeping on, soft; beds mean sackcloths and ashes ! — — — 1 '"'jw-awwwul— w— The fourth text in the above list tells us that if we " give alms " we are to do so privately, arid if we " fast we are not to appear to men to fast— nobody is to know it but God only. Dr. Polding , shows his dishonesty in- .the garbling, of the text. He knows quite well that it is dead against him ; therefore:he garbles arid omits that he rnay make it speak falsehood. , But if any one will -turn up to the passage it will be seen that riot only is it riot' in -favour of Lent, but is a total destruction to'it- During Popish Lent the,- churches , are ; draped in black' ; eyery ;uian fasting ; fells '- his neigh bour ; the very butcher iand" baker arid egg- women are tojd that' DBPplding and PeP?, . )' .f?(st,; (' andjasifor the almsgiving, of thei, right hand not being fold . to the left hand, why, .every one is S,liis ;vighbour ?iri- the i jt be /given foi fefepqbr spriest;- or/ to the-building of St. Maryls !.- .-A.nd .all. this fasting 'and alngivirijfo saiMobe prbyednd 'coun tenanced by a text whicli says that 1 the >fo hand-is., not: to ; kno,wu.what -,the right files, and .that stf a;iman- fastfee- is to wash ' his' face 'and not ' appear fe meri/to fast ! ! fiffi. ;ixt' refe're to the . mirhculous ! cure pi , persons . , pofeefeed. / of > We shall believe in Lent , iand r/'fe'e .tfedition. of tlie 'Popish' Gliui'ch/ when we learn how 'many ,uricleari>isiriritb/ha'bfeb by Dr. Yaughan's/'and pr.,.Pplding's fast- ing. .The siseth. text, must be a -very favour ite: and profitable -one to'; the-Ghurcb. If it means what /Br. 'Folding 'would like it to mean, , hp .ought' to ', be1 satisfie!.. with it alone. But/ may it "not prove too much ? If-.all things- are made clean by the giviqg of alms, - what is the use of'boly 'watGt ? what .of., penance ? . what -of,- confegsion 1 what of priestly povver? " Give ahiAs and all things are made .cleans to you f The power then of cleaning is.j in; the ' iiioney, and, not in the.priest 1 A man'ban clean everything .himself without holy water and sacraments; and - priestly - manipulations ! Both venial and mortal sins - may be got rid of— money >vill clo tlie' business ! for behold all things are clean - to you if ye give, alms ! and flesh and wine and pleasant bread are made clean by— money ! Is not .all this . admirable proof for Lent ? But if the passage be read, any one will see .that the most arrant; pharisee ought- to have been thankful for such an easy mode of of cleaning both the inside and. the out side of the cud and nlat.t.a»- -Tlio text tells us that alms and prayers will be remembered by God. But . is this a proof for Lent ? Or has it sthing to/do with it? .Cornelius, the .centurion, / did not know anything., about Lent; When he fasted and prayed and give alms; lie "knew nothing of the rules and laws; , arid com/ mands of "the Church." Yet. it .was to him that an angel said " thy prayers and- alms are for a memorial before God;" We 'we sure that Cornelius teas not a Pajrist. We have, other Lenten thoughts'; but we shall reserve them for another issue. We have in the Report of the Destitute Children's; Asylum, published , a few. days ago, another illustration of what may be called "Popish charity." Romanists 'are said to be a third of the population, although in faet they, are rather less.: But from some cause or other, for which Popery should get the credit, they produce so large a proportion of the 'poverty and ' misery arid crime of the country, that the Romish destitute in the Randwick Asylum are half of .the whole -number housed in that - establishment: , One- third of the colonists produced, one-half /of the ignorant .. and .destitute children Y iri. ; the country , and the other two-thirds produce the other: half ! " The two-thirds are Pro- testorits, arid the one-third- are Papists. Dr. Vaughan ought to find out how. it is that his / '/ true religion! and: golden pas toral staff " -produced so -much ignorance and misery, . while' the false /religion/ of .Protestants, which does- not -need .any pas i toral staff;; produces <so'< I ibtle. : t , If: , 'Popish sacraments;- holy water; holy wafefe, and holy oil, had hny virtue, Riu'elyf/they , would;, benefic,', tire,: parents,, aini, children w ho, nave - . .tu ugh t ? so 4 much- 1 to depend ion them - but it tu rns out - that - holy- watered people are the dirtiest, -most ignoraiit, and most criminal in the , country .p, while the peopl e ,w ho have; neither holy water nor holy < v afers nor holy oil : are. so' much m ore sober, elean, and, thrifty, that twice the number of them., produce-no more destitutes and 'erimi- nals-.than :thefSmalleivnumber.,off Romanists produce /' Cur ribte hererefCTsbtb',Itlie. " chantiy/bf !Papists." .tute, children, in supplying the -meanBi for- their - keep' and I'.' .V Siiicev-f ' "fcHeyb'i'-1 hyb/'/halft/the number 6f hupfe, children at the Randwick Asyl vim, will they not: also provide hair M— M— n«—M the money involvedin the expenses? 'But no such thing — Popish charity never reasons in this way. The charity of Papists always takes all it can get and gives as little as possible. It is the peculiar kind of charity which begs and takes from Protestants, but' never gives anything to Protestants in return. Fqr ...example, of the .subscriptions which were 'given to the Band wick Institution during the past year, the .Papists, .e.yen with two" Arch bishops at their head; gave yabout one- twentietlijoi the .amount subscribed; , and yet their children, are theli'aif .dni the establishment ! . And''th,(ijheamojanit which/is paidfrby- /ike ! ,tlo vernmin t : ^pre sents the taxesof tbe pepple, if all&Papists; were tax-payiiig" people (which-., fhey; are not), the , proportion, .;oftithe- Government grant to '"be c't(vren0puld' be only, one-third; but the children getlirfg the advantage are oniPlialfii:'i. Heto,)tfien, we get a very,, striking illustration'bfn'Pbpish charity; .eij%erv,by subscripiibn.nbr by publicgrantdo'Papistk-giveoheJf for the 'siipporkof! any 'Protestaht child ; but the Protestants are fleeced right and left, both ;. in subscriptipns/and ! 'in' public ' grant, to pay 'fpr 'the keep 'arid support Vf Popish: children I 'Is:Dr.; Yaughaa thank ful ? Is Father Sheridan othankful j not they ; ' pn ;tHer6bhtraryj \theyv'have > the' in solence do, say fliat/th dren don't get, half:enoucjh \ <and the priests in 8bjnepwt8?-tfjyw'ritty 'fefhsevtoJ sub scribe . !,because.v'the',p.hhrch ''has" too- Tittle power in' the?, managerial tion ! ' , ..j. „ t\' i,, / > A SMALL chapter off Popish attempts at "t prpsely tism in thpoldehrtirae,' ' which/lias . recently' come/io. ,ris > iil, 'interest y; arid amuse our" readers. Some; years; ago a Papist: .married a'Protest'aht'yo'nng woman and' the hope was 'that the r<vdrhan : would soon give \y ay to The man, and seek 'to . be , reconciled: to, his. '5;true, church;-" The. woman however proved rather untractable, . especially as she';liad some education and: he had none, and. , so. . all; the -reading was;, managed by the / wife. At' length; Ithe priest thought1 that he ought to interfere, and so hie called 1 : on;' the unmanageable woman, at the .request of the; ihan, and asked for her reasons 'for 'Ker -holding out so long, when both the husband ami him self would be glad, to " get her reconciled to the true church. " . THis, visits were in vain,, because the. more. lie. tried, .the more she studied the intricacies. 'of the question, and beat him off by her- rather difficult answers. At length Archbishop' Holding was paying the : district a pastoral visit. He came through . Yass, for the. scene was laid in that neighbourhood. He called at the woman's house, at' the instigation of the priest, and began, his apostolic mission' in somewhat of this fashion I have heard that you 'v are'; a ver y; - stubborn woman. You have withstood the argu ments and requests of Father; So- and-So. You trouble also your husband; so that lie cannot properly attend to his duty.' I have called myself - to, see . if you will, . now ' acquiesce,' if not inwardly, at least out wardly. If you still refuse, and prevent your husband from attendingto his 'duty/ I am. now prepared to bring) down upon you the ' curses of the church."' The poor woman was much alarmed at the priestly scolding of the great Archbishop, especially as he held in his ihand a small cross threateningly, and one.; of, the th ree priests who accompanied him held another black cross behind her, as if to shut her up between "crosses ;" but still- she " had courage enough !' to/ say, . " No, I will not 'acquiesce.' I have always belonged to the Church of England; and I neither want your -blessings nor fear your purses." Archbishop Polding thereupon took: out a book from his pocket and commenced re citing certain prayers, while- he i and the three priests walked round- the table.- When lie had. done he asked .if she would novo " acquiesce /' and because' her answer was the same as' before,' lie . pronounced - upon her the " full curses of the Church." He then got a bottle of " holy water " from one of the priests and .commenced, to sprinkle it round the /floor, say ing that blessing or cursing would come,, from the " Holy 'Mother "/ ajMing- as- The woman would repenf or resist'' and then having placed the bottle/ still half full of water on the chimney piece, He commenced again to ; tramp round the; table ".but' the ' shaking of the floor rnalle the1 bottle 'fall, saiid it was broken to piecesa'nd the water was spilled ;-. so that the Archbishop - accused , the ; woman of: being- a to- sorceress," and evidently made haste from the house, as some:way or other under the dominion of the Devil ! The. Devil was; undoubtedly ; good on the occasion, for by his breaking the bottle and spilling; the: holy - water, the saved the . poor woman from a serious annoyance which her husband had planned for the purpose of reconciling her to the true church !'' But the Devil bungled ; for the Archbishop arid the priests were doing his -business"! - There was no ^"^Pro testant- Standard"- -in the olden days of the colony. . - i- .v : «./ .-.j, The Ritualistic "case at Inverell has drawn, .out, .the, Bishpp of . ..Grafton and Armidale.' ' The' utterance is very, confused and unsatisfactory and' apologetic! s'How couldiit bo otherwise ? , Bishpp.;Turn,er is well known to be on the side, of, those who would have what they call — " a return to a coriecttobedience to the rubric;" "'What is called " Ritualism "us/InTiis estima tion, a strict rendering .of what the Prayer- book enjoins; and therefore, of course, he feels 'a sympathy with those vwhoVdesire! to return, to .stricf . Prayerjbopk;,. .obedience. One good, however,, has been, effected by the agitation —the people have 'complained; and the complaint has, been noticed by, the bishop, however distasteful the subject maybe tib,him. ; The people will noftkeep a watchful eye .open) and they w ill, make full use of their lawful remedy. ' They will pot let' 'go' the ' advantage which; has bebn gained — the bishop ' hat been compelled to argue and explain Dr.- -Spooner, nf any wisdom remains in him,- will learn - a lesson. j. /'HeTisevidently. notvblessed with much whsdom. His ritua.listic- preferences make the ' crossing '! of tlie' road fromTiis Anglican Ohuvchto -the Popish yone,;only the crossing of the road. He' finds his 'o wn church empty -on a-holiday, , and "He sees that ' tlie church over1 'the "way; is full ; :therefore)?i'instead. p;f';r.doubtiing;;that' .he cause, lies in himself, .he . presumes that it must necessarily lie" with tlie qieople ; and arid so 'he- goes to :the church over- the way to see. what - was: .attracting, -the , people in ; flocks to the Popish .fold, while /jzs poor folcl- \\\\(as' ,. standing :';empty ! What jhn 'innocent IJ'Did' hd'/npt?.kp;Bjr,? . 'Had he .to. learn that! , people! , dpifit , like .'shams and; make-belie ves ? ,:;.: Waa the reason- one which; could rbe; sebri Vby /going ?«- and one ! w hich/ he could s'ee;?i ; A 'child might .have taught ' him. that when . ./.people ./like " Popery " they generally like " to go the whole animal;"' arid :they: turnAvith disgust froni- ri Sveakj bastard i thing which'i is neither, one ?thing nor another ; - and then, again, s; if- people , like;!, Protestantism in a Protestant church— the real article, with a sound ring arid : an : honest' face— it is quite natural . that they should, abandon their- church -when they., see. the ..wretched miiriicking of tlie Scarlet Lady, in "the shams called "Ritualism." The explanation of, pr..;"Spooner; --tbat vhe ..went ,- to; the Popish chapel to see what dvew the people, while his own church: was " empty," was ingenious, and apparently has quite satisfied the bishop y.but we . tbink that it is'sb in genious that the' people' who have been wearied and disgusted hitherto with the Ritualistic and semi-popish proclivities of Di-. Spooner, will think that zeal for forms and . ceremonies ... is ','npt -conducive .to ... the development of . common . hones ty..- Of course there is a difference between "a Pro testant clergyman - going- 'to : a . Popish chapel to see, and to worship ; the one is sightseeing, and the other is dishoneity to which Ritualists are prone ; if Dr. Spooner was the former, his folly was very much worse than his curiosity ; but if- the latter, we do not hesitate about the decision ; his conduct deserves very much more than the quiet apology and lame explanation which the bishop has found out for him,;:as not yet worthy of dismissal from his place. There is one-expressiori in the- let ter of the Bishop of Grafton a.rid , Arniidale to the folks at Inverell, on the subject bf Dr. Spboner's ritualism, which' ought: not- to be passed ovei. It is this,-substantially — that Dr; Spooner in attendirig- the Romish chapel, at. the- , sacrifice of » the Mass, ;. was not mor.eihconsistent 'i<than. i i if; lie ,5 Had., attended a Wesleyan ch a p el - :""J ust - as' he should regard; a clergyman of the Ghurch of. En gland;- who preached and - .took -an efficient -part1 -in; -a' W esleyan chapel as practically "a 'W esleyan, - so ; he! could - only ; regard orie' taking part even "ak'ohe ;bf' the congregatiori' ; ,in the ; Roman / Catholic church, , as a disloyal member of - the Church of England.". 1 If this- means anything/ it Is 'siirely this/ that Dr. Spooner/ in either jCase,,, would ,e ...a , disloyal ffiembeiVof the Cliurch of, Euglahd) arid as in the one case so i in th e' other. Now,: we protest against this as. a moristr'ous" doctoine coming 'from a" bishop' of the Protestant. Cliiirch of England.! v Is- the WesleyaniChurch to be spoken of in the same<)breath,> with. the corrupt"' Chur chof/Rdme ? . Is 1 there a com- parison -'to -'hSe' 'ii&tittifed; whibn. will make . both, of them alike r alien ; to -the j phu rchj-of ! England ? .Only a- Ritualist could/conceive such -a thing: The ;Wleyari< Church, rio doubt,1 is; a dissenter .from th'e'CK'urch.bf England ; but still she hpidrithb/dbctririe — and Protestantism of that Mother church ; but the Church of Rome, with its sacrifice of the Mass, which is a doctrine of devils, "a blasphemous fable and a damnable deceit," is as far removed from the Church of England cmd the "Wesleyan Church, as darkness is far removed from light. For a clergyman of the Church of England to recognize the "sacrifice of the Mass" would be undoubtedly disloyalty to the church which ordained him ; but it is im possible to show that the clergyman of the Church of England who should preach; in a WesleTan church would be also or equally unfaithful to his church and his vows. A clergyman of the Church of England might, if he got the chance, p,reaphRinia>Rqman Cjatholig, church with- .outfariy..bre'rich',/of;his ordination vows, and -without any. .disloyalty to the Church of England/ for'-his mission is to preach onf where and everywhere when a door is opened, JWe. should think that the Bishpp of- ; Grafton , arid' Armidale would gladly preach in the Popish chapel at Armidale, if he got the chance; we should think that he would be rejoiced to have the oppor tunity to preach the true gospel where a false gospel had been preached before : but no; it appears not. He would be scared at the thought of preaching. even in a Wesleyan plinrcli); 'arid 1 His " loyalty " to the' Church of England and to his bishop vo ws makes him reckon the -; act ' of preach- 'ing in such a; place' as equi'vaierit tol!liis' becoming, a-..e?leyan,-..-. and, ' as-, .bad/as, attoridirig a Popish church, at the, sacrifice of the Mass, as one of the congregation ! ,.It is a . , go.o.d„-lhing„thjp.£' iBishops. 'differ.! as well as. - Doctors, v Bishpp Hale, Bishop Perry,' arid' the 'Dean of' Westminster have shown.that they hold a different view, and thefce aveVni.enTvsrhp, are far to be preferred before 'Bisliop1 Tut- rier:-1" "No doubt, jBisliop Barker, - of -Sydney; ' lias shown his dis pleasure at , one' " of his clergymen , for preaching in a Wesleyan chapel, and he has uttered something like his command that it'/be' refpairied; from: in .the future ; but it has.lbeen reserved for Bishop Turner of Grafton and Aviniclale to place such, an act' ' of preachirigr in . something like the same, category with attendance at, a Popish chapel, at' the "blasphemous' sacrifice of the mass." : We are certain- that the lay men of the Church of .England will detest arid cpridetnri' such teaching as this ; and we rejoice to believe that the day of such narrowness and > absurdity has passed away.-, . . , , . The admirers of Mr: Trickett, as the .champion sculler of the . world,, have handed over to him the clear sum ,of> jBSOO. If: this sum -had been properly invested, as briginally'intericled; -for : the 'benefit .of his wife and children, : it would have yielded perpetually a pound a week, for their ex clusive comfort, leaving himself perfectly free to follow his own business,; whatever that might:be, and to do his best to retain for. the colony the honor which- lie had won, as the champion. "But what has been done with the-money ? At his own request, and; by ; a vote of - certain sub scribers,- the purpose was changed, the money was diverted 'from its "original obj ect, and' it has been given ; him in a, lump, as we some time ago publicly (inti- \- mated that it would be, -, for the ; purpose, of establ ish ing him ,as a. publican , in Sydney ! Some of the money we understand was ; paid to purchase the business, and /the' rest has been sunk 'iri ! " the : best ' ale,' porter) ' brandy, rum," which are now - offered - " at the- usual prices'": to1: the Lfrierids and patrons of aquatic- spoits ! '-Here is afine sub ect for the Lbriclori ' Punish: ' Father Thames put a laurel . on : Mr. -Trickett's brow as tlie champion of- the world because on his waters the Australian beat all that offered to - vow him : ; and then when the champion Austrialiari' returns to his home; New Soutk Wales, like., a beautiful young lady, takes off' the withered laurel of Fkther lThanies and -.puts tori ' instead a crown of bottles and -glasses, -because the cliampioh lias been , dignified and glorified -by his: having ; been made a Sydney publican 1 ! Those friends who have con/ summated1 this deed- have itoottoeen jealous for the.honour of their/country. -A-THc wife and children V: Hayb'- been ; set .aside the plea that 1 the ! selling bf-ffieer arid 'spirits will riiake more 'for1 them-' than the bank interest for tlie money: - So It .may, but still there, is- a may ieln it. It va&y; oiot. It may be' fou n d that sellin g beer aricl spirits is neither a .very comfortable trade wheri ohildrbfiT Kre:i':jthq"iiy,inor.; a very good orie.: ;ifpr !; developing t muscle . .and. , strorig lungs'.'-' 0 u'r ' opiriion is- that a g'ross/bluhder b as beeii cbmihitted/ ahd 'that' ' W hat might hrive'jbeeri referred! t'd"asa lasting; hbrifor is now' in dangeivof eridmg.-.iri lasting shame. J C-.'UV -k- 1 ri 7 £ . , . .The .priest. . at .;I)enfiiquin has .. been giving iri his accounts for the 'building of .... . . " .. the new church of St. Michael. Some of the items of expenditure are striking, especially as they, are very necessary in Popish worship, in fact essentials, but they are never . met with, nor alluded to in any part of the New Testament as essentials to acceptable worship. A new "altar"-1— £23.' "Altar candlesticks"— £12 lis Gd. " Altar cruets and other altar requisites " — £7 1 3s. " Laying altar carpets and hanging pictures" — £5 5s. "A lax-ge altar crucifix "—£1 8s. So that here nre more than £5.0! expended on what is 'called an " altar " — which has no more resem blance to an altar of .the Old Testament than a green cheese has to the moon, and which of course canriot have any .resem blance to the altar of the Yew; Testament, for such a piece of'furnifrirels-neyeri.in- tioned at all. A Popish "altar" is nothing but a wooden box,' "fitted ' up like a chiffoniere, for the exposition of candle sticks, cruets, a pyx, some images,, and some vases for floiro(/pr,/'tf..it!;.be'ripi a wooden box, it is a : box, chifi'oniere-iike structure, made of stone or marble, but still a mere show chest, which riot even the most stupid of Pagans, 'riormiost igno rant of early Christians would mistake for an "altar." Still the priest must have his " altar," and his pyx which he calls a, " tabernacle ;" for what Avould Popery be \vitbout these " requisites " of Popish worshi!.?' , Tri . the Old 'Testament- tiirie there /were;! ery ' particular rind minute instructions as: tri the. form arid pattern of , both. :"/al tar, and : ta bernacle ;" every other pattern arid form was forbidden ; and any one; will . see, in the Old Testament what the real,. altar and tabernacle were. Where has the' "Popish" priest got the pattern of his chiffoniere altar and toy-house taber nacle ? - There is no pattern given in the New Testament, because neither altar nor tabernacle was needed by the apostles. Where, then, has the Romish priest found -the style and form ? They are a pure in vention which may find their pattern in the Babylonian mysteries and magician juggleries, but not a shadow of a shade of them is to be found in any of the churches of which! the New Testariierit speaks, 'The account above referred to puts lus in!iriirid of some of the accounts which still, exist in some of the old church records when Popery had full1 play, of which some of the itrims are like the following : — To mending an arm of the "Virgin, so much ; putting a new no'se on (St. J Joseph, < so much ; ; .mending the wing , of . the angel Gabriel, so much ; arid putting a new toe to the right .foot of St. Peter, so much. 'All these things were Catholic requisites ; and so is the box and toy-house pyx, which have gotten the high-sounding names of " altar and tabernacle." But the altar and pyx furniture of a Popish chapel are "not for nothing. They, may cost £50, but "tliey will soon clear off so humble a sum. Take the following "accounts" from Ireland,: which are exact copies of the originals, and the use is obvious ; of Popish altars and taber nacles '"Oct. 19— On account of the masses said for the soul of the, late Mrs. -Monaghan — St. JameB's chapel,1 dOjnasses £2 14 2 Denmark-at. chapel, 20 ,, -,1 1 8 Stephee-st. chapel, 20 „ 11 S Ash-street chapel, 20 „ 11 8 , 110 masses .; .. -£5 19 2-: lleceivcd the above in full, H. M'Guire. ' Here is another illustration of the fact that a wooden box makes a capital "altar" for Popish purposes . "Dublin, July 11th. — Received from Mrs. Mahon two -pounds three shillings, and four- pence, for ' twenty masses offered up by the gentlemen of St. Jamesfs chapel for the-repDse of the soul of Mr. Timothy Mahon. - v > ".£2 3s. 4d.; Jas. Jos, Cvllex." Yet one more of v those profitable accounts must be given .to show, that a wooden box is a very. good, altar for sacri Jiciny money on "Dublin, Oct. 31.' — Received' from' Mrs. Mahon three pounds eight- shillings and three pence for sixty masses offered up in St. James's chapel ' for the'- repose -of - the soul of Mrs. Monaghan. r , \- "£3, Ss..3d., /- , Jas. Jos. Callax." ' Here then is revealed the ' tracle of uhe priest and the use and profitableness of the chiffoniere altar it' would-be useless for a sheep; and: useless for - blood ;. but it does admirably for money. : Peculiar Use of the General Synod. — AYe,heartily congratulate par, readers on the. tine 'Protestant ; tone. ,df ,. the; ' Bishop's ' address to Synod1"' This 'is! beyond" all' praise, arid if He was not so happy in his" rem arks about the General Synod, ut '-was' the fault of that body which leaves so little scope for'apology. His Lordship reproves those who complain that the General Synod did nothing, by saying that surely it was doing something to prevent anything' being done by themselves. Ordinary people will bo apt to think that if the only use of the Synod is to prevent the 'General. Synod doing, evil it would; be just as well to. have no general, Synod at all; . 