THE SIGN OP THE CROSS ; OB, THE GEMS ANB GLOMES OP AN ASTGLIOAN- No-POPERY CANON, BEING- POSTSCRIPT NO. 5 TO AN ANGLICAN RECTOR. 70 Blank-street, Melbourne, 9th Nov., 1877. MY DEAR RECTOB,—You will, perhaps, emember the story of the Corsican Vendetta, hich originated in the accidental killing of a white pullet. This vendetta lasted from ather to son, and on to grandson, for nearly 100 years, during which time the two amilies who had quarrelled about the young en, shot, stilettoed, and otherwise murerously assassinated each other as opportunity arose. But what was this Corsican endetta of three generations to the feud that has existed for 273 years between the High Church and Low Church parties your united Anglican, Reformed Protestant, truly Scriptural, and, at the time, truly National Establishment, about the Sign of the CreBs. And still you are fighting, brawling, ranting, and swearing at each other about this sign as fresh and as free as you were 300 years ago. Why, my dear rector, it is 300 times more funny than the Corsican vendetta. You can make the sign 160 times in one minute : and your Anglican Scriptural quarrel of three centuries is about a slight external act you can perforin in the t^ijth part of a minute. The Corsican ven delta was about a whole white hen But your deadly reformed High Churob and Low Church vendetta is only about one small feather out of the hen's tail. Reminding you of this great cause of war bet ween your two truly Scriptural parties, I arrive at tbe next bright pearl in tbe rim of your Church's crown, which may be taken as the 4TH GEM.—FOLLOWING THE KINO. This Canon 30 was drawn up and passed in " Synod" by the H gh Church bishops. The High Church pride themselves on taking " high views " of tbe Episcopal authority as being . conferred upon them by Christ— " the great High Priest of our salvation." Bat now, mark how these High'- Ohatch Anglican Protestant bishops, like royal turnspit our dogs, who lived solely on the offal of the royal kitchen, fawning, falsifying their own Episcopal high views, set aside the power and mission of Christ's Church as their first principle, and, like sycophant hounds, come . in to the king's heel and crawl sneakingly behind an idol whieh they themselves had made, and who mux as yet only a, mere tyro and novioa in JEpiscopacy. For James, came: out of Scotland in April, 1603,a Presbyterian, one who Relieved Episcopacy to be unscriptnral; and now, in April, 1604, the Anglican reformed Protestant and truly eciiptural bisfaops of the National Church—these bishops write a a Canon, No. 30, as follows: " Following, then, in the footsteps of our mos worthy king, because he therein Jul,oweth tlie rule of the Scriptures." Now, reverend rector, if ever the devil consecrated bishops, the bishops he consecrated were .surely the bishops who penned those words and put them into a canon; and if ever the devil consecrated bishops to pronounce a lie, the lie he put in their Episcopal mouths must have been the lie contained in the foregoing words. For the case stood thus: 1st. When James came up from Scotland, in April, 1603, to be King of England, he disliked the Sign of the Cross as all Presbyterians naturally do. 2nd. For state reasons the new king suddenly chopped round and took a likiDg to the sign. 3rd. The state reasons which induced James to change his mind about the Sign of tbe Cross were these—he saw that those who were for the sign were also for monarchy, and those who were against the sign were also against monarchy. 4th. James being a monarch, tock very quickly to the sign under tbe tuition of the Bishops of Canterbury, London, and Winchester. In the spring of 1603 James was against the Sign of the CTOBS. In tbe spring of 1604 he is tor the sign, because he was for his own crown. Yet these toady bishops of bis go into " Synod" and compose a canon that would lead UB to oonolnde that James had come round from hie Presbyterian dislike of tbe Cross to his Episcopal love of it, because he had got all his reasons for the change by studying the Scriptures. "We follow the king, say these Anglican royal toad- eaters;" we follow our.moBt worthy king in his liking of the Sign of the Cross, because he therein follows the Soriptures! 11 And while theBe Episcopal knaves were thus appealing, every Aogliaan, reformed and Soriptural hypocrite of; them knew that the Soriptures said nothing, taught nothing, declared nothing, about the Sign. Where is there one word in Scripture about making the Sign of the CroBS. There is not one solitary sentence in ail tbe Scriptures for it. Yet theBe High Church " Fathers of Anglicanism," made bishops by Queen Elizabeth's order in council, have the front to inform their Low Cuurch "priests" that the king followed tbe Scriptures in his sudden state-craft reasons for wheeling round and jumping round and turning to the Sign of the Cross ! 1! 5TH GEM.—THE PRACTICE OP THE PRIMITIVE CHURCH. The cool, off-hand way in which Protestant, Anglican, reformed bishops will refer us to tlie Scriptures" for any whim or private opinion that comes in their unmitred heads is quite equal to the profane and mocking style of the devil when templing Curist. Bat now observe that., in addition to tbe authority of 'the Scriptures," Canon 30 appeals also " to the practice of the Primitive Church." If there had been one word in Scripiure for the use of the Sign of the CroBS, the Anglican bishops of 1604 would have stopped them. The authority of Scripture was paramount. The Scriptures and the ScriptureB only are the religion of Protestants. But the An g'ican bishops of 1604 knew that the appeal to So • ipture alone for making the Si gn of tbe Cross was futile. Therefore the " Synod" tacked on the authority of the Primitive Church. They were not arguing now wi h the Pope, they were arguing against iheir own Low Cuurch brethren ; and, in doing tuis, they were compelled to admit in the tace of the whole Protestant kingdom of England that Holy Scripture wasn't sufficient to prove the use of the sign, and were forced back on traditiou to establish the lawfulness of the sign. The Pope's appeal to tradition was bad. But the same appeal against Low Cuurch Anglican Protestants was good. In arguing against the Pope Scripture was all. In arguing against your own fellow Protestants Scripture was nothing Without the practice of the Primitive Cuurch. Thus you blew hot and cold with the same breath, and exposed the fallacy of your whole logical posi. tion. But what I wish more particularly to pres* upon you in regard to the practice of the Primitive Church is—1st. How do you know anything about that practice ? Not from inspired Scriptures. From what then ? will answer for you—from the ever-existinp-, ever-living, ever-acting, ever- visible and tangible custom or tradition if the Church You see to-day the practice of the Primitive Church in the practice of the present Church, just as a mother sees in tbe lull-grown stalwart man the same human being she oared for and nurtured as a ctnld and boy. Her boy has expanded into larger growth, but the .grown man is the self-same and identical personality which that mother loved and looked on in infancy. The child has grown larger, but is still the same individual. The personal identity abides always. So with the Church, which is the spiritual body of Christ. It is numerically larger now than it waa 15C0 or 1600 years ago. But it is the same body of Christ. And the " practice " of the Church now is the self-same practice of the Chuich in primitive times; her dogma the Bame; her worship the same; her. discipline the same; ever and always one and the same. Change impossible from the very nature of the caa3. No woman'B child grows into horse, or into a bird. Every child grows into larger' growth; but not into another kind of animal. And the Christian Church has followed the law of its life, and. become widerand stronger in its range of Action by the -operation of the indwelling spirit, the Holy .Ghost, which is the informing, soul , of Christ's -Churoh. Some, members, or < many members, of this one Church nmy fall away, and wither j and'rot. Bat the hody itself can -never, never* see corruption." If you want to see, and know, and understand what the "practice" of tlie Primitive Church was, go and observe, and mark and learn what the practice of the modern Catholic Chinch is, Hud turu you will know what the practice of. the Primitive Catholic Chuich was, for it has nev>-r varied. This allusion of your Canon 30 to tlie praclice of the Primitive C-iurch i^ a Kem of Anglican Episcopal card- sharpiuj*. the glory of it that it robs " the Buripm.es" of that sole and supreme authority whiui" double-tongued Protestantism preteuds to center upon thwin. divides the supremo authority and gives ly one-half to " tbe Scriptures," and the other half to the Primitive Church. Your canon for.ot that Protestantism gives all authority to Scripture. A liar should have a good memory. 6TH OEM.—THE JEWS HATE THE CROSS. Having bedauutd Kiug James in his fulsome excess of deceptive flattery for his following of the Scriptures and tbe practice the Primitive Churoh, which he never followed one inch, your canon makers now come to the history of the question. They therefore commend and recommend all that they are about, to advance as their incontrovertible deduction from history. First they started with the Scriptures. But, immediately recollecting that Scripture was mute about the Sign of tbe Cross, your canonists of 1604 lugged in the Primitive Churoh to back up Scripture, and thus proceed :—" We therefore expect all members of the Church of Eugland to take beed to our directions and observations, and—1st. It is to be observed that, although the Jews and Ethnics (pagan nations) derided both the Apostles and the rest of the Christians fcp: preaching and believing in Him who was crucified upon the Cross, yet all, both ApoBtles and Christians, were BO far from being discouraged by their profession by the ignominy of the Cross, they rather rejoiced and triumphed in it." But what, my dear rector, has mis to do with the lawful use of the sign of the Cross ? With you Protestan's tbe " Cross" is held to be a figurative expression for the " Gospel." Do you not perceive that your Anglican bishops of 1604 are straining every nt>rve to coofuBe and mystify the question ? They drag ia the Apostles to make you believe that they made the Si-;n of the Cross, altuougti no Apostle mentions the sign as a ceremony which they practised or approved ot. What is this but tbe suggestio falsi, and an admission of historic weakness and defect? The Apostles preached, and those who believed through th'eir preaching received, the GospeL But whit historic proof is this that either one or the other ever made the Sign of the Cross ? It is no proof. The proof that they did make it lies elsewhere j aud this your canon makers of 1640 were afraid to state with frankness and candour. 7TH GEM.—A OEM OP CANT. Your bishops then continue in the true snuffle and covenant style — ''Yea, the Holy Ghost, by the mouth of the Apostles, did honour to the Cross, so far that He (the Huly Ghost) comprehended under it the whole force, effects and merits of Christ's death, together will all the comforts and promises which are received thereby." I bave already said to you, dear rector, that Oliver Cromwell himself could not have breathed out a holier, and, 1 may add, a more hypocritical whiae than your High Church bishops i.f 1604 have sanctimoniously groaned forth iu inis gent of Puritan slang; its whole object was to deceive ae people of England.: as au argument it has no other meaning, and this is its glory. 8th GEM.—HOW OFTEN". If the previous gein of Canon 30 be meaningless, the preseut gem makes up for that glory, by pouring a floodof information on us respecting tile Sign of the Cross in the Primitive Church. Remember these Anglican bishops ot' 1601 were detending their Church agairifct Protestant Churchmen. The Anglican Chursh was accused of making the Sigu of the Cross too often. Yet in all her services she made it only once. This once was once too much for many Protestants. But the High Cuurch. bishops met this charge of making the sign too often by the following canonical declaration: " The honour and dignity of the Cross begat a reverent estimation oj it even in the Apostles' days, for anything we know to the contrary, by the Sign of the Cross, WHICH THE CHRISTIANS BOED is ALL THEIB ACiiuNs" !! 1 This is in. need a gem. Tlie iu.iii.ry now begins to show. Tne High Churoh Anglican bishops become bold on the streugtu of a negative, and defy, aud boldly ohalienge their Low Churoh brethren to come out and disprove a negative or tide have tlieir low noseB slit up. The High Church could Bay to the Low, "You can't disprove the Sign of the Cross by Scripture ; and we can prove that, very auortly after the days of the Apostles, the members of the whole Christian Church in all lands used the Sign of CroBs in all theiractions." The reply of the LJW Churoh was this—" Your High Churoh can't prove the Sigh uf the CroBs by Seripture; and there- • fore,we Low Church say that the making of the sigii is a Popish errors" Ooserve now .ev.-reotor, that by High and Low Anglican it: Pro'tesianta it is admitted that a frequent, hibitnalj honourable, universal, and: becom- : i«g use of the Sign of the CrosB existed tlie Chriatian . Church " almost*- from the tifne^of jBMtaik who gloried?in the CrosB;/ aid aU tho^ Ohri&tiana; believed thfet'thv- Hjoly. Ghost hud inspired- all<GhriBtians with -' ; - the idea ^bat the Cross typified Christ' and ^ Hjis atonement; aud for this reason they ueedthe Sign of the Crp^B in every action of - >;'•• their iiyea. S^atfis.aU I wish yoa to^bear^ in mind at present, lor now I would beg your attention to the 9lH GEM—THE LOGIC of your wonderful no-Popery Canon 30. And to exemplify this ktgio I shall undertake to syllogise a few of its propositions. For instance, the oanon highly extols the primitive Christians (or making the Sign of the Cross in all their prayers, and servioes, and duties; and then it reasons thus:— Major premise: The primitive Christians, shortly after the Apostles' time, made the Sign of the Cross in almost every aotion ol their lives. Minor premise: We Anglican Protestants highly approve and highly applaud their piety in so doing. Ergo, we Anglioans are quite in accordance with the primitive Christians when we make the Sign of the Cross once in 60 or 70 years. What wonderful logic this is, my dear reotor, isn't it 10r, again, the statemen t of your MS. Canon may be formulated thus -.—Major: It is truly Scriptural to follow the example of the primitive Christians who lived very soon after the Apostles. Minor: These primitive Christians made, Boripturally, the Sign of the Cross in all their religions servioes. Therefort, we Anglicans are most scriptural and mostexaot followtrsof thesoriptural primitive Christians, because we make the Sign of the Cross only oiice and only in one of our religious ceremonies. Very wonderful logic, my dear rector—very wonderful logic. But still more wonderful remains behind. PKDIETBB. 