@Iw §ïpg, PUBLISHED DAILY. " I am In the place wboro I am demanded ol conscience to Apeak the truth, and, therefore, tho truth Í speak Impugn it «hoooUst." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications Intended (or lu Bert lou in tho none colo mu. should bo addressed to TUK EDITOR. Bcjocted communications cannot be roturnod undor any circumstances what*vor. No not)co can IMJ takon of anonymous communication.1. Every lotttr must bo accompanied by the name aud adorcsa ol tho writer, not uoccesarily for publication. but as a guarantoc of Rood .tilth* To avoid lnconvonlonco and delay to perrons intf rtäted ^o havo to request that all buatncsd communion. tionp, iiichidinjf advortlsomonta, ordora for tb» aip^r« and remittances, be addronsod to WILSON and ACKihNON, and not to Tua KDITOR, MOiïDAY, 80VBMBER 12, 1877. Tho public baa Btill to lewn whether the additional Estimates will include the proposed vote at the rate of £100 000 per annum for Bubsidiea to thoae mining compameB which want money and which, dislike culla But in any case Btrong ohjec Mon may bo taken to the manner in which the promoters of this grant have cou ducted their operations In view of the circumstance that a new line of public policy was being initiated, the proper course for the bon gentlemen concerned was to table a motton which could bo frankly discusBed, and on which, after arguments for and against bud been heaid, the LTOUBO could express au opinion Instead of this, resort has been made to the arts of the lobby Ministers have beenbuUouholed, secrtt influences have been brought to bear, more or leas sham lists of votea havo been handed about, aud, as may readily bo imagined, conversations of a poculnt character have occurred ' It is our " turu now " " This will make us Bafo "for the constituency" " Something " must be done for tho party on tho " gold fitlda " These and other sea fences ate in the air, and it is not in my such manner that a national policy thould be inaugurated ihat good would come out of evil, and that the mining industry would be per manently benefited by the grant, may bo doubted The industry is moro likely to be demoralised than to be encouraged by it The leeson which would bo taught is that thero ia a great advantage to a lure bold ern in obtaining the countenance of the Ministry, and in employing in their mines the c ipital of the state instead of their own At first Bight, it seems ao lew will bediBposed to content tho proposition We may expect under the new icgme to have anxious inquiries made, not whether the directors are good business men and of unquestioned probity, but whether they are well in with the local mern ber, for, as a matter of course the subsidy cannot be given to all, and must therefore be secured by a selected few It can only be received by such compamoa OB Mr CLAKK may favour at Sandhurst, or which Mr FINCHAM or some other Ministerial potentate may lean towards at Ballarat There will be a struggle for theBB favours, and a diversion of energy at once lamenUblo and lowering Instead of attention being absorbed by efforts to improve apparatus, to leave lees gold than ever in the treated qu utz, and to lower in every way the cost of mmiDg, men will be tempted to engage in a scramble for the paltry bonus offered by the state 1 bia isa way of in junng mining rather than of encouragiug it The companies who do not obtain the grant will learn absolutely nothing from tbe operations of their more successful rivals, and will eimply have been taught how to make a more successful effort on the public purse next year We shall, m short, bo cultivating the art of kafing instead of stimuhting th it inda pendence, that fertility of resource, and that enterprise which alone can mike mining a successful mduBtry Greater -kill in management and less trickery in share dealing would undoubtedly do more to attract capital to mining and to benefit it than all the subsidies which could possibly be extorted from the state, and the grant would tell against the one and in favour of the other The man who rigs the share market would be quite at home m manipulating mern bera Aud while the old proverb talla na that economy ia a great revenue, an outbide subsidy would in many instances be a premium to waBtefulness, for û would be the means of keeping ill m in aged companies on their legs, and so it might m the end prove a direct loas to all concerned. The grant would not improve a process It would not lead to the saving of a penny After it waa Bpent gold would cost as much to ruse as ever It has not the chance of da veloping new country, as is the case with a prospecting vote "fl hen certain com pames have had their capital increased, and when certain members have curried favour with their constituents, all that the Bubaidy can effect will have been obtained It ia a continuation of the vicious system of governing the country , by bribing firet one section of the com munity and then another, at the expense of all That the mining industry has a great deal to complain of we frankly admit Repeatedly we have pointed out how the industry is hampered by the pro sent customs duties A sum of between £40,000 and £50,000 is raised annually upon the articles used m mining upon the miner's tools of trade the dyna- mite, the picks and the rope which ho uses, and by the time these impoata reach the consumer it ia estimated they are equal to a charge of la Gd upon every ounce of gold raiaod m Victoria, and thiB ia independent of the increased coat of living which falls upon the miner aB upon every member of the community Au export tax of this oharactor would not be paw It would be Btigmatiaed as an oppressive burden, tending to sen ouBly impede the development of our natural resources, and we would of course bo pleased to see the restriction removed and the miner m Victoria allowed fair play-permitted as he is to a great extent m Bister colonies to obtain the full value of every ounce of the preciouB metal which ho bringa to the surface To sweep away these duto would be to give relief all round, wlitlo the subBidy, as we have said, must neceas inly go into the pockets of the few After making allowance for tiio gambling spirit, the hope each man or company will entertain of obtaining a pri/e in the distribution of the grant it is difficult to conceivo of tho nuning community at large consenting to any such arrangement, and we aro drivon to the concluBion that in this inatanco they aromiBrepresented by their repreBcn tatives Ono word moy be addressed to tho Treasurer. If Le does not make a etand occasionally, ii he is to give way to every finch demand as the one under notice, he will soon see his surplus dis- appear, and find himself troubled with a deficit instead. Having shown that owing to the want cf urgency in the da mond for the com- modities on which it is proposed to place ^ export duties, the taxes will fall to a cahier or lessor extent upon oursolves, site that the effect of tho imposts must lie to stimulate a search for substitutes which will ultimately destroy some of the natural sources of wealth which are »t present turned to advantage, let us pass on to see how this latest develop- ment of protection in Victoria will touch those who deal id any way in the articles selected for experiment. In this, as in every other scheme which forms part of a protective policy, we find selfishness at the bottom. An export duty on bark jind scrap iron will have the effect of cheapening these goods in the Mel- bourne market, and so enabling the tanners, bootmakers, and founders to compete on more favourable terms with the productions of other countries. These modest gentlemen are not content with an import duty which, taken in con- nexion with import charges, amounts to a very large percentage in their favour. .Having induced tho state to protect them from competitors abroad, they now ask Parliament to compel some of their fellow-colonists to supply them -with the raw matorial they require in their trado, at prices better suited to their convenience than thoso at presont current. This is so exactly in keeping with the customary proceedings of people who aro subjected to the baneful lLfluence of a vicious fiscal system Buch as ours, that we are not at all surprised at the course adopted. When once traders have hud their moral sense blunted by daily participation in the plunder of their neighbours, there is no knowing to what lengths they will go, or to what extent they will stretch their demands without bluebing. Wbilo the oVijcct of those dealing with bark and scrap won in inducing the Government to imposo export rates on these materials is perfectly obvious, it ÍB not so easy to divine the object for which an export tax on red- gum is desired. The Ministerial excuse will no doubt be the rapid destruction of this valuable timber, and the necessity of husbanding tho supply, but that will not explain the motives of the gentle- men who are pulling the strings in the back ground. This wood is used mostly for piles, railway sleepers, fencing posts, etc., and those who use those articles are not exposed to any foreign competition. We cannot import piers and jetties, permanent ways,or dividingfences complete, and therefore we fail to see ¡my obvious advantage to be derived from cheapening the raw mateiial. No doubt the export duty will have the effect of making this particular product of our saw-mills less costly, but what ii gained by contractors and other con Burners in one way will assuredly be lost in another. In these days of competi- tion tenders will be settled on the basis of the lower price, and nothing will have been accomplished but the destruction of a certain amount of trade, the diminution of employment, and the maintenance of a plentiful supply of a particular sort of timber, which might be assured without auy evil consequences by a rational system of forestry. Of course there may be Eome occult and mysterious virtue in an export tax on this article, which is only recognisable by the subtle intellect of a genuino protectionist, and, if this is the case, we fchall be glad to learn what it is, if only to gratify our curiosity and thirst for knowledge; but unless tbe impost is meant to benefit some friend of the Ministry,who,having contracted tosupply red gum, has a "liberal" and patriotic desire to buy it as cheaply as possible, ?we cannot, for the life of us, see what benefit this fresh burden on trade is going to confer on man, woman, or child. While it may be admitted that the txport duty-say on bark-will put 4he tanners, and consequently boot- makers, harne8smakers, etc., in a bettor position to compete with extra colonial producers of leather and the various articles into which it is manufactured, what will be its effect on those who are engaged in tho arduous task of making a hvirjg by its collection ? The piicei current received by the mail BIIOW that the market for bark is very " flat," and it ia difficult to effect sales. The fre- quency with which this ia the caso ihows clearly that that great urgency of 'which MILL speaks as being neces- sary to make an importing country pay an export tax imposed by another community, does not exist in England ; and if not in England, then certainly not elsewhere. If therefore , we continue to send bark to Europe, the exportera will be unable to get back ¡mucli, if any, of the duty they pay. Under the circumstances, of course they would only buy the article at a reduction on piesent prices sufficient to cover the lax, and thus we come to the unfortunate stripper, who will really be the victim of ilr. ¿ERRY'S fiscal antics. If thestrlppers continue their operations, and go on supplying bark for export, they will lave to put up with a reduction in payment to the extent of £3 per ton or thereabouts. Now, long bark ~tb.it is, as it comes from the tree, ncitLer chopped nor ground-is worth SB a rulo from M to £5 per ton ia Welbourne, so if we deduct carriage and duty amounting to from GO to 75 per cent, on the primo cost, we Bhall Bee that "lie amount remaining to reward the labour of the stripper will not be ex- traordinarily liberal. Of courao, under fuch conditions the industry could not ho prosecuted. All the active hands Sow employed would turn their attention io some other pursuit as aoon as they eould find one capable of affording them a living, and only a few-men who are »icd to certain localities, or have »either the energy nor the means »to make a chango-would drag out a miserable existence in providing tho quantity required by their colonial »askmasters, who, being masters of the Bituation, would pay no more than is necessary to prevent the atoppage of ¡production altogether by the collapse of »hose employed. This we fully believe .Would bo the effect of the export duty on bark. But supposing that the few Créons requirod to supply the colonial demand wero ablo " by hook or by i crook" to command good wages, what fould bo the effect ! Why, that bark would bo no cheaper, and an export trade would have been destroyed to no purpose. We havo shown the probable opera- tion of an export duty on ono article, but our remarks aro equally applicable to all articles for which there is not a very activo demand outside our borders, or a demand which cannot without very great difficulty be met from other sources of supply. Export duties may posaibly confer some benefit on a few manufacturers who use the raw material on which they aro placed, but, as a rule, they are paid by .the community imposing them, and are consequently so many additional taxes levied on the many for the sake of the few. Their effects, as we have Been, may be most prejudicial to the accumulation of wealth, and moat unfair to certain sections of society whose interests are just as much entitled to consideration aa those of the ciñeses they aro designed to favour. They aro calculated to neu- tralise a portion of our natural resources, to limit commerce, and diminish em- ployment. Whether we consider their bearing in connexion with any com- modities we can produce on the division, internationally, of the advantages of trade, or whether we look at their im mediate consequences to the various claesoB affected, wo find them alike impolitic and unjuat, and we trust there is still sufficient independence left in the Assembly to secure their rejec- tion. We published on Satiuday an appeal from Mr Moimi?, who baa boen ap- pointed treasurer to tho fund now bomg raised and devoted to the enlargement of Trimly College It appoara that in order to bring the extension within the avail- able meauB, a portion of the proposed building, of the estimated valuo of £100, waa struck out of the design The con- tractor, however, callod upon Mr Mounts, and pointed out, " (1) that though £100 " would cover thia extra pioco now, if "the plant bo onco removed, the cost " will bo much grcator , (2) that tho " settlement of the two parta of tho " building «ill probably be diUbront, and " a crack in the wall the result, (Í) that " the £400 will not bo wanted for six " months from now." Mr Moiuus's mind is naturally greatly oxorcisod over this communication. Ile feels the im I ortanco of avoiding unnecessary ex- pense and an unsatisfactory bunding, and, moreover, ia ovidontly failed with a laudable deslio to push the work forward. Hore is what ho aaya for himself -"Entirely on my own re " sponsibility I venturo to send thia state " ment of facts to you ' Tho Indian " Tamino, Hospital Sunday, and the " ' Cathedral,' people say, ' will stand »n " 'your way , don't make an appeal ' " Nevertheless, I determino, if you will " lot mo, to try. Will d9 of thoso who " wiBh to atrengthen the hands of the " bishop give mo tholr names as willing " to Bend £10 cither at Christmas or next " Lady Day >" If such an appeal were mado in any English district with a real atnt gentry the result would probably be a cheque for the amount before tho oven in¿ of publication Unfortunatoly, wo have at prcsont only a 'very few wealthy mon amongBt us who have acquired tho habit of giving, and whoso hands lly to their pockets or their cheque booka naturally To these wo feel euro Mr Momtis doca not addresä him self, as thero is nov or any occa Biùu to provoke their gunoroaity Ile appeals, wo thmk, more especially to peoplo who, without being able to put down largo amounts, are always ready with any oum that may happen to bo within their means Wo hav e no doubt that amongst tho thousands in the colony interested in the pi ogress of the Anglican Church, it will not bo diflicult to find the 39 bubsenbers Mr Momas wants If it should prove to bo so, why, thon alas and alack a day ' What hope would there be of a happier state of things? Mr Mon is speaks of 39 subscribers of £10 each, but wo havo no doubt that 78 at £5 would bo equally acceptable, while it is just within tho bounds of possibility that a mixturo would not bo refused Mr Moiuus's address is, " The Church of " England Grammar School " Nothing bus yet been Ascertained as to the precise locality of tbe fault in ttie Port Damm and Bodjoewangie oib'e, but it is believed to be from 230 to 280 miles from Fort Darwin. It is expected that the Eastern Eiteneion Telegraph Company's repairing elenmer AgntP, DOW lying at Sydney will, it tho consent of the New South Wales and New Zealand Government bs obtained, immediately proceed to repair the cable Tho Interruption if the cable will probably bring into immediate operation tho agree ment concluded between the Australian Governments and the Netherlands India Steam Navigation Company, by which the latter undertook, in tbe event of another break in this section of the cable, to ran a fast Bteamer between Binjoewangie and Fort Darwin with tho least possible delay, for the conveyance of despatches. The contract baa not been formally signed, bat the negotiations have advanced so far that Mr, Todd, the Postmaster-General of South Australia, baa stated that be is satisfied that, should a break occur, the com- pany will Bend o steamer to Banjoewangieat once. The company, it will be remembered, undertook to have at Banjoewangie within eight days of the interruption, or as mach sooner after the breakoga is known us pos. Bible, a Bteamer to carry telegraphic messages to Fort Darwin and back, and to keep the steamer Tanning at a minimum speed of eight kbots between the two ports until the oble bo repaired, for the sum of £1.200 for each vojBge from Banjoewangie to Port Darwin and beck. At pre Bent we have no informa* ti on as to the exact time that the break occurred, bat as soon as the company beard of it they, no doubt, despatched a Bteamer from Banjoewangie at once if they had a vessel available there, or, if not, tele- graphed for one to bs Bent with all speed to that port The voyage from Banjoewangie to Port Darwin would probably occupy five days. The B.M S S. Tar jore, with the mails from England and the East, anchored in the Bay shortly after 7 o'clock last evening, The present trip of the Tanjoro has not baen trade in such quick time as when she carno here last, and tbe reason ia to ba found in the adverse weather which was encountered in crossing the Indian Ocean, and in an accident to the machinery, which involved a stojpnuo of 27 boura to effect repairs. With all these drawbacks, however, the letters were landed last night, two days within (ontrnct time. The mails for New Z«a lund h ave to-morrow by the s s Ringarooma, and those f orTaeimania left last night, in the s.S. Mangana. The light portion of the mail for Sydney was to be despatched overland by special train, and tbe heavy portion, with the Queensland and Noumea mails, was to be transhipped to the s s. Avoca. The mails for the naval squadron were received by au officer from II M S.S. Wolvorino last night. The Tanjore, after transhipment of maila, was taken alongside the graving dock jetty to tiTect transfer of passengers and cargo for Sydney into the s B. Avoca, which was to leave this morning. The Californian mail was brought to Mol* bourne yesterday morning by special train from Wodonga, and the letters will bo ready for delivery first thing this morning. This increased despatch in tho transmission of their correspondence will ba very welcome to tbo commercial community. In Parliament there is every oppearanca of a busy week, as Ministers intend to puah ou business with expedition. The two Railway Billa are to be dealt with on Tuesday ; the remainder of tbe revised tariff is to be adopted, and probably alter 10 o'clock an opportunity will be afforded Messrs. Lang- ridge and Zox to dispose of the Friendly Societies Bill, An early night will be given to bon. membsiB to clear the notice paper ot their buBineee, and probably the Iloaao will be invited to ait until a late hour. The President of the Legislative Council has received an intimation from Ilia Excel- lency the Governor that His Excellency will receive the addresB ot the Council with regard to pajment of members on Tuesday after, noon, at holf-paat 2 o'clock. It ia understood that His Excellency in his reply will adopt, for the time, the views of his Ministers. The farewell banquet to the Hon, J. J, Casey, prior to his deputturo lor the Paris Exhibition, takes place at Sandhurst to-day. The Chief Secretary and other members of tbe Ministry will be present, and will leave Melbourne by special train this afternoon, Hie Excellency Major-general Sir Harry Oíd, U.E.,C.B., the newly-appointed Governor for Western Australia, with Lady Ord and mile, were paeaengers from Galla to King George's Sound by the R M S.S. Tanjore. The large steamship Cozco, of the Pacific S.N. Co's fleet, which makes the third steamer coming out here under the auspices oft be Orient line, arrived from Adelaide, en route for Sydney, on Saturday morning. The Cuzco is in all respects a counterpart of the Lusitania and the Chimborazo, of the same fleet, and is a very fine vessel. She has brought a large number of passengers in all classes for this port and Sydney. Two of the saloon passengers died from natu- ral causes on the voyage out. The Cuzco has acquitted herself admirably on the run out, the voyage from Plymouth, to Adelaide having been accomplished in a few hours over40 days, while the actual steaming time at sea was only 39 days and 12 minutes. The Cuzco will leave here this morning for Sydney, where she will remain for a short time to take in coal and a portion of her freight for home. She will then return to Melbourne and fill up, and, after calling at Adelaide, will leave for London by way of the Suez Canal. The steamship aJurham, having taken in her cargo for London and completed all her eeogoing arrangements, left tha Sandridge railway pier on Saturday afternoon, and brought up in the Bay until yesterday morn- ing, when sbe slenmed from the anchorage at a quarter to 8 o'clock. Half an hour after midday she was reported as having cloared Port Phillip Hunde, andas she bid a strong fair wind otter bergood uno would bo made of her canvas. The Durham takea a numbor of pasB> ngeiB and a large and valuable cargo of wool and other colonial products. Tho ships which bave left here during the present year for India with hotses, have not eecaped without some mortality amongst their four-footed freights. TheSjuth Ejk, which took C4, lost 10; the Maulcaden, which took 103, lost 15 at sea, and two died on landing; the Blythswood shipped 211, und lost 11 ; tho Allanahaw IOC, and loat 25, together with threo more on landing ; the Udston took 2CC, and lost 58 at sea, while three died on shore; the Euora took 130, and lost 14, four others djing when they got on Bbore ; and the Rollo, which took 159 and Vi ilson'o Circus troupe, lost l8, and one more on Bhoic. Two of Wilsou'a valuable circus boreee, it ia said, were amongst the deaths on board the Rollo. Mr. W. \V. Burt, who went up with the Blythswood, horses1, came bock by the mail steamer yesterday. Saturday was the last day of the V.R C Spring Meeting. The weather waa very fiue, und there waa an excellent attendance. Tue All-Aged Stokes waa won by the favourite BiBwoUb, with Emily and Tin Whistler as t tiéndante. The Mares' Produce Stakes was also carried off by the favourite, who was the only boree mentioned in the race, Cheater won BO easily that he waa not called on to gallop. First King was second, and LocklcvB third. For tho V.fi.C. Handicap, Whiepeicr and The Vagabond were strongly fancied, but they secured only the second and third placea. Woodlands coming out ia bia true form, and winuing the race. The Steeplechase waa the most interesting event of tbe day. Lone Hand and All Four?, the two heavy weights, justified the hopea of their supporters, coming in fiiet and eeconri, with Opposition third. 1 he victory of Lone Hand with 12at 21b. up WEB a remarkable one. Saveral horses fell in the race. In the Canterbury Plate the favourite Robiueon Crusoe had to be content with third place, Pmto and Glenormiston taking first and second places respectively. For the Free Handicap over 20 horses started, atd the winner turned up unexpectedly in Postman, tbe steeplechaser, who beat Breadal- bane and Fisherman. The Government astronomer reports: " The weather at the beginning of lost week was very boisterous and squally, with occa- sional smart rainehowers, but moderated on the evening of the 5th, and became fine and pleasant on the morning of the 8th, very hot with a fierce northerly wind, when shortly be- fore 11 a.m. the wind went round to eouth, blowing freth and cool, and remaining fine, pleasant, and cool, until the end of the week. The highest temperature in the shade, 81'ldeg., waa recorded on the morning of the Sib ; tbo loweat, 3S'5deg-, on the early morn- ing of the lOtb. The highest reading of the barometer, 30°179in , occurred on the morn- ing of the 10th, with a light westerly wind, the lowest, 29 684in., on the morning of the 8tb,with a frc ah northerly breeze, and shortly before the wind Bhifted to south. Rain fell t> the amount of 0 20in., making the total rainfall since the beginning of the year 22 24in" as compared with 17 78in. during the Same period in 1876, 27-lin. in 1875, 21'53 in, in 1874, 24 99in. in 1873, 2G 27ir_ in 1872, 2I48in. in 1871, 31'30in. in 1870, 2l'91in. In 18C9, IG 19in. in 1868, 21 OOin. in 1867, 20'07in. in 18G6, 14 '42ir_ in 1865, 23 DOin. in 1864, 2G'99in. in 1863, 20 62in. in 1862, 25G2in, in 1861, l8 93m. in I860, 19'12in. in lfñP, ]7'S3in. in 1858, or an average of 22 30in." We are informed that foreign vessels often enter tbe Heads withont being roported, owing to the circumBtance that the signal master bas no book of foreign signals, and ia thus nuable to interpret the meaning of the ihgB whioh are displayed. It seoms abBurd tbat the signal system should bo rendered imperfect for the want of a book, and now that attention has b;en called to the omission it will doubtless be supplied. The Rev. Samuel Chapman, of Glasgow, having accepted tho paetorate of Collins- street Baptist Church, arrived here on Saturday by the s B, Cuzco. He was met on board by the deocons and committee of the ohuroh, who pave himeelf, Mrs. Chapman, and family a very cordial welcome to Melbourne. Mr. Chapman will preaoh in his new church next Sundoy, both in the morning and evening and a welcome tea-meetiog will be held on Wednesday, tbo 21et inst. A sermon was preached in the Wealoy Church, Lonsdale Btreet, last night, by the Rev, Dr. Gervoae Smith, who has recently arrived in Victoria as a deputation from the British Conference to the Auatralasian Wea leyan Church. The rev. gentleman took for bis text the words from the 1st verso of the 2nd chapter of EpheaiauB-" And you bath be quickened who were dead ia trespasses and ein." In his remarks he upe dally referred to the twodoctrineB of the depravity of man ond salvation through Christ AU men, ho contended, wero naturally einners in conséquence of Adam's fall, and all continued so unless thoy woro eaved by the mediation of Christ It was not God who had roado men naturally wickod, but sin was the causo of it. Although all men were Biunors by nature and spiritually desd, the means wore provided for bringing thom back to life, and those means were the Gospel and tho Holy Ghost. Chiietwastbe central figure of the Gospel, and all*wl o believed in him were saved. lu conclusion, the reverend gentleman made an earnest appeal to ull unconverted persona who were prceent to avail thomBSlvoa ol tha means of salvation held oat to them in the Gospel, Mr. W. C. Yuille will hold his annual sale of yearlings and racehorses to-day at the Pastoral Hotel, Flemington. The catalogue it eludes a une lot of youngsters, bred by Mr, II. Phillipa and Mesera. T. and A. Cairn. t-ide ; also some horses bred by Major Lear- month, and a number of horses ia train- ing. The polo season commences to-day. A game will be played at half-past 3 o'clock in the Albert park. We are requested to state that gentlemen wishing to join the club should communicate with the bhn. secretary, Mr. F. G. Wolseley. The first elevens of the St. Patrick's and Wesley Colleges will meet to-day on the St. Kilda Cricket-ground. The St. Patrick's College team will be chosen from the follow ing :-O'Meara (captain), W. Ryan, J Ryan, McGuigan, McGivern, McGrath, O'Connor, Jakes, Bruen, Bennett, Daley, aud Kin- chela. The following casualtíes were received at the Melbourne Hospital on Saturday : James Cusick, aged 21 years, living in Little Bourke-street, suffering from compound fracture of skull, the result of a blow with a brick by his sister, who states that she struck him in defence of their mother ; and William Pirie, aged 52 years, a cabman residing in Collingwood, suffering from a scalp wound which he sustained through falling by acci- dent from his cab in Russell- street. A seaman named Walter Lucking, belong- ing to the ship Miltiades, lying at the Wil- liamstown pier, was arrested by Detective Mackay on Saturday on a charge of assault and robbery. About a month ago an engineer named Gifford, belonging to the mail steamer Assam, was brutally assaulted when going on board his ship at night, and robbed of a gold watch and several other things, in- cluding his coat and vest. The watch was recovered at Nagambie last week and now Detective Mackay has found the other things on board the Miltiades. The sailor Lucking will be brought before the Williamstown Court to-day and remanded Another man, also belonging to the Miltiades but now serving a sentence on the hulks for desertion, is also concerned in the assault, and he will be brought up next Friday. Both divisions of the Naval Reserve went on board the Nelson on Friday for the usual eight hours' drill. There was a pretty full master, 180 men and 6 officers being present, under the command of Captain Fullarton. The two gunners who have recently arrived here from home were on board superin- tending the drills in the forenoon. The guns on the port side of the main deck were used for target practice, four rounds of shot being fired from each gun at a target 1,300 yards distant, the shooting being very good. After the men had been inspected by Captain Mandeville, they had more target prac- tice, the pivot guns on the forecastle being used. The officers present, in addition to Captain Fullarton, were Lieutenants Elder and Dennis, and Sub lieutenants Robinson and Stalker. A sad case of drownicg occurred at North Fitzroy about 3 o'clock on Saturday after- noon. The deceased, a youth named Rush, residing in Fitzroy, accompanied by a num- ber of other lads, went out to the quarries for the purpose of crayfishing, and in so doing slipped into the water. His companions being unable to rescue him, procured assist- ance as soon as possible, but when the body was recovered from the water life was extinct. The village of Coburg presented quite an animated appearance on Saturday night, on the return of Mr. G. O. Duncan, inspector general of the Penal department, from home, after an absence of nine months. A large arch had been erected on the previous day in Urquhart-street, near the entrance of the stockade, in anticipation of his arrival but be did not arrive till 9 o'clock on Saturday evening. The arch was decorated with evergreens and a number of flags, and after dark the whole was illuminated with Chinese lanterns. There was also a display of fireworks. Mr. Duncan met with a hearty welcome from the officials connected with the stockade, and also from the residents of the district. Mr. Duncan returned thanks in a few suitable words for the kind reception he had met with on his return amongst them once more after his long journey, Mr. Duncan is quite restored to health, "The Jika shire councillors,"our corres- pondent writes, "are perceiving their error in having the Northcote tollgate removed to the Merri Creek bridge. The herds of cattle being continually driven from the Flemington yards have now an oppor- tunity of evading the toll, by turning down a bye street. At the meeting of the council on Monday last, the attention of the coun- cillors was drawn to the damage done to the footpaths by this traffic, and it was then resolved to demand toll for such herds. It is questionable whether toll can be legally demanded unless check-gates be erected." Oar Queenscliff correspondent, writing on Sunday, says :-An accident, happily un- attended with loss of life, happened to-day to a boat belonging to the ship Theophane, lying at the Heads. The boat was coming ashore under sail with a moderate breeze, when from some mismanagement she capsized, precipitating the crew into the water. This being noticed on board the ship her lifeboat was got out as quickly as potsible and went to the assist- ance of the boat in distrees. The life- boat was, however, so leaky that she soon filled, and the wind freshening at the time made it apparent that neither boat could regain the ship. Captain M'Meckan, of the steamtug Albatross, seeing the danger the two crews were in, promptly went to their rescue, and brought both boats and the men back to the Theophane. The boat of the pilot schooner Mavis was also capsized in the surf off the health officer's jetty this afternoon. The health officer's boat went to her assistance, and beyond a severe ducking no one sustained any injury. The Border Post of Saturday complains as follows :-" Wool has been pouring in rapidly duiing the last few days, and the inadequacy of the railway arrangements for its trans- mission to Melbourne has become apparent. On Wednesday the goods sbed at Wodonga was literally full of wool from the floor to the roof ; and there could not have been, at the lowest computation, less than 800 bales awaiting trucks. Besides this, there were quite 20 loaded teams waiting in the yard to be unloaded, and several more on the road between Albury and Wodonga, travelling to the station. There are abso- lutely no trucks to be got to take this wool away. This is a cause of serious incon- venience, and even loss, to those who may be caculating the chances of shipping wool by any particular vessel. We are aware that many squatters in the interior use the utmost expedition in sending their wool to the rail- way station, on purpóse that it may reach Williamstown at a given date to catch their favourite craft. It is peculiarly annoying that after a tedious journey by bullock-dray it should only be unloaded at the terminus to remained stacked in the goods-shed a week, or perhaps longer." A concert was given in the Town-hall on Saturday night in aid of the Indian Famine Relief Fund by Mr. Otto Vogt as- sisted by Miss Alice Wooldridge, Mr. S. Lamble, and some members of the Men- delssohn Musical Society. There was an orchestra of about 21 players, with Mr. Edward King as principal violin, and Mr. J. Summers as the general conductor. The audience was not large. The instrumental performances were the most important part of this entertain- ment. The first number on the programme was the grand organ concerto in E minor, composed and fully scored for orchestra by Ebenezer Prout. Mr. Otto Vogt played the organ part. The composer is a living English writer, and one of whom his country- men may be justly proud. The three move- ments of which the concerto consists, namely, allegro moderato, andante, and presto agitato, are each on a grand scale—in quite symphonic form. In an organ concerto, that instru- ment necessarily occupies the leading posi- tion, but in this instance the orchestra is employed with such large and yet discriminate liberality, that if the organ part were to be wholly omitted, the symphonic quality of the remainder of the work could not fail to be admired for its own intrinsic beauties. Each theme is distinguished for its tunefulness as well as by the fulness of treatment it receives in harmonisation. In this latter aspect, the E minor concerto of Prout taxes the highest skill of the most accomplished players. Mr. Vogt is a young player, but he displays talent for the organ and the promise of a masterly freedom of manner in using it. He acquitted himself in such a manner as to win the marked approval of all who were able to judge. Mr Vogt is, we believe, organist at St. Mark's Church, Fitzroy. Mr. Vogt, with equal taste and skill, played on the organ in the second part of the concert a grand selection from "Lohengrin." Mr. S. Lamble sang with great spirit Calcott's "Friend of the Brave" and "In revenge there's delight," from the " Daughter of St. Mark." Mr. Lamble had very cleverly scored his own orchestral ac- companiments. Miss Alice Wooldridge pleased her hearers greatly by singing in a thoroughly artistic and most pleasing manner, "Non e ver," "Oh take me to thy heart again," and " Ruby." By special permission of the Minister of Lands a moonlight promenade concert in aid of the funds of the Southern District Band will be given in the Botanical gardens on the evening of Wednesday next, the 11th inst. By consent of the Colonel commandant and Major Parnell, the members of the Volunteer Engineer Corps will display the electric light, by which the gardens will be illuminated. The band of the Emerald-hill Artillery (by permission of Captain Cowper) the Southern District Band, members of the German Ranch Club " Ulk," Madame Steinbach, and Messrs. W. R Furlong and F. Bastin will take part in entertain- ment. The first grand concert to be given by Signora Antonietta Link will take place to night in the Town hall. The full pro- gramme appears in another column, Sig- nora Link will sing " Wie nahte mir der schlummer, ' from " Der Freischutz ' and it is said of her that in this performance she achieved a triumphant success at the Gewand- haus concerts in Leipsic. Signora Link, whose name is, of course, chief on the pro- gramme, not only takes of right the leading position, but does the chief part of the work also, therefore we find her at the end of the first part of the programme singing ballad music as follows, namely -"Embarrassment," in German, composed for and expressly dedi- cated to her by Franz Abt and " The Two Angels," by Romer, this being the prima donna's first appearance in English ballad music The great duet from " Un Ballo in Maschers," with Signor Rosnati, will display Signora Link's known good qualities as an artist singer in Italian Opera, and Abt's waltz song, "II sogno," will allow her to display the lighter graces of culti- vated vocalisation. Signora Link will be assisted by Signor Rosnati and Signor Orlan- dini as vocalists, and by Miss J. Lewis and Mr Henry Curtis as instrumentalists. Mr. Julius Herz is the musical director of the whole affair. Now that the racing fever has subsided, it may be expected that first-class music will receive its proper share of atten- tion, and it is quite certain that Signora Link, as an artist of superior talents de- serves at the hands of the Melbourne audience a most generous recognition. She belong to the musical history of Melbourne and it must always le borne in mind that a new development in the style of operatic performances dates from her first appearance here. The Melbourne German Liedertafel will give their 111th concert (and ball) to- night at the Melbourne Athenæum. This is the first time this society will have used this favourite place of meeting, the growing demand for space having made necessary the change from Hockin's Assembly Rooms when, on such occasions as this, dancing takes place after the concert. To-morrow night, at the Opera house the Soldene English Comic Opera Company will make their first appearance in Mel- bourne. The leading member, Miss Emily Soldene, comes to us with a great reputation gaind in London, where she has long en- joyed the foremost position in opera bouffe and where she was the first to play the prin- cipal parts in "Geneviève de Brabant," "Blue Beard," " Poulet and Poulette," "Chilperic," "The Grand Duchess," and works of the like character. Miss Soldene is a native of London, and made her début as an operatic singer as Azucena in Verdi's " II Trovatore," in Drury Lane Theatre and it is said was con- gratulated by no less a person than Madame Grisi upon the success she then made , but she has since then devotod her attention wholly to comic opera, and with a result which has made for her a world wide repute. With Miss Emily Soldene are associ- ated Misses Rose Stella, Cara Vesey, Cissy Durant, Florence Slater, Le Fevre, Mattie Daniel, Julia Barber, Marie Ferrard, Una Brooke, Ada Moxon, Annie St George, Fanny Morell, and Lisa Nixon, who are all well trained in their special branch of theatrical business. The gentlemen who do the leading business in the new company are Mr Edward Marshall, Mr. John Wallace, Mr. C. J. Campbell, Mr. Edward Farley (of Melbourne) and Mr. J H. Jarvis, while Messrs. Albert Alberton, Thomas Guine, Thomas Grundy, William Quinton, Rowland Mason, P. Lawson.G West, and H. Muriot give their attention to the minor parts. Mr Van Ghele is the musical director, and has a large experience in con- nexion with opera bouffe. Mr. C. A. Chiz- zola is managing director. Amongst the principal operas in the repertory of the new company, we notice the names of "The Grand Duchees," "Geneviève de Brabant," "Le Fille de Madame Angot," "Chilperic," " La Belle Helene " "Poulet and Poulette," " Madame L'Archiduc," "Blue Beard," and "The Fledermans " Owing to the prepara- tions for the new season, the Opera house will be closed to-night. Mr Coppin appeared in his highly suc- cessful performance of "Milky White" at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night and the house was well attended. The after- piece was the burlesque of " Cinderella,' which again met with a favourable reception. Tom Taylor's comedy of "New Men and Old Acres" will be produced this evening, when some of the fresh importations will make their first appearance, viz, Miss Marian Meadway, and Messrs. H. H. Vin- cent, John Owen, and Stirling White. Mr. Creswick's performance of "Virginius" attracted a crowded house at the Academy of Music on Saturday night, and the play was most successfully represented. To-night he will play Hamlet, and Mr J. F. Joyce, a comedian, will make his first appearance. TheTroubadours made their last appearanes at the Opera house on Saturday night. The original Georgia Minstrels had a large attendance at St George's Hall on Saturday night. Their last appearance is announced for this evening, when Crusoe will take his benefit. There was a crowded house at the People's Concert at the Temperance-hall on Saturday evening. The Georgia Minstrels (late Corbyn's) appeared, and were well received. They were assisted by Signor Gagliardi's orchestra. They will giv their farewell performance in Melbourne at the above hall on Saturday next. A public meeting convened by the mayor on requisition, has been called for this even- ing in the Mechanics'-hall, Brunswick, to further the interests of the outer circle rail- way, and to protest against the construction of the direct line to Oakleigh. A society, to be known as the ' Southern District Total Abstinence Society " was formed in the Rechahite-hall, Prahran, last Wednesday evening. Mr. J. Munro, M. L. A., was elected president, Messrs. J. B Crows and W. J. Lormer vice presidents; Councillor J. Turner, treasurer; and Mr. J. R. Heath, secretary. A committee of 12 were also ap- pointed. 