' TILE MAIIYOR'S BALL:. ('TTie great splortiun tvent of the week.-inl'deed we might ulinost: say:of thui seuasto-lhas been tie fauloy itmlet, at tdi" Town Ulll 11l Tsdt 'ta1d r t. In eomltsurslon with thait ejgagem?hetst tlhat iwett made oni thiti auspluibols ou aLsltl, Lthu uegagmtaeoatsahltl'l l, thit Ip-. 'liinc ahig Sptring ?ieetnuhg it'lEh?olirieL. tol1 ftil in o utter ihsigt ill',t 'tiBl., ,Over I1i0J'guests were entetrudaltud haridly 0111a fiilled to putt in n ill tapperanitice. °-t' theal f ligst su'pa of tu luntilafl'agdllY , eight i hundred Ihappy. pufri ,te. ll ioto Ipouiton, i boaed to . esch .otheui',,r t, aindlld, uad preparedluI thlemneolves witll - saeiolimose. Ialld. sOIenity"I tfo p,?rlf6ii the d itie-jfor which tihey were ealhdd' tuogtthetr. It was ai bentilrul and iin pressive sight. Plumes uhddled, jawels glitteradt, eyes splarkludl,.oearts beiat Illast, aald thle boldedt held their tirhi?ttll till thii excaitinhg lloii?. iuIta rivoda llbbli the tiotu from tl orofthesftrit alfowed the ;gliddy thlrotig to plulgs into'tilie wild wavv u of. pleasllure. Thit itiailtlag in thoe tiliat tlancea, haowever, iw O uit Iy fitt uats it' migtht lil?yu' lidii.a. TItlutrat iellerts hadt not yet got usudal, tos.itiafr clotlus. Guitletluln who nuver' woru sitatd?ild'buol:i' or carried a btatuileasn int tlheir hltlas, ilad to al,?w i;vt'i;iltiln amount of talttiol wiohenl tldutoing with quuella t who hlu scotritra, shelpherd. eades withi aeooks, oc floawer gliBl'tum burrassed witht baskets of theiir wat'us. Beuides, thet,fm'turt. head to. b tliought oh. Dressea mouUt not be disluruttlliged till they hall been Itlspluted by every ouu that ottn .kAiow. TI'hoseo who tre acqeittatod-as whoi is 'liot?-witlhthe clute aull lttteutiaol befstouedub b.adlias onl their Ilst touuhes to their toilets, know ttitt at ribbut,i a curl, or'a bit of lucu out or phlate, will causeo themln tile keenebt UtUilalattiup sh; adt tials is'quit aulliciett to itcollllt for tltl quiet aillt orderl'ly mUtllner ill wlhiclh .the Ill'at dance wais gone throutgh. Th'ero wvas inot, we believe, a. ainglou ase of It lady's skirt bueig turll it tile pl??llnitntry untatur. Blefore however, proceoedlng to doescribe the varuioas events' of the oventlig. it mlay be well for the ipfor mutiota of tlhtso who hIlvu never beent to a Fancy Ball to give a alight ides of what'it is like. "Well, it is not unlike a theatrical performance in which the audience are. all actors. It is not unlike the waxworks with the breeth of life breathed into the dummnies. It is not unlike what the Yarra Biend would be if the inmates were allowed to carry out their wildest fhncles. It is not unlike History, Biography, Mythology, Poetry. Fiction and Drama run mad, and escaped flom' 'the pages of wormoaten books far one night's prank every three years. This it may lie said is 'what it is not unlike, but does not convey ari idlea lfr ?vJist. it is like. We are' not goling to shrinik from solving 'a problem simply because it is hard. We want every one, no matter how'. faur removed in time, or space, or position, from the revellers of last Tuesday evening, to have all idea of how they losrkeerl oil the iemonurable event, miad we are determined they shall have it. This is our plan. On into truailnig. F?'lt for a day., Oa thrlngh a course of miscellaneous read ing. Post, yourself .up'"iii gids aniad goddlesses, kaligs and que?es, hiarss alln leroines munrderers and inurdlerosses, saints, augle, and deouuns ; and then, afier a heavy slipller of pork clhope, dreamn. The nightmnare, that will sit uponi you and destroy your rest, will give you soutelhing like a proper idea if wblht a faincy dress bill resembles. After the first dance, promeiading becamite lie order of the evenlina. It wits necessary that everybody should see and be seen by everytbody else. said it was clear that this impiortant end coulld not be talined bIy sitting still. Numbers of p[ersolls liqunltlllted with our Si. rtinlg Editor remli:arked as they mIet himl, ' Is it Iltit a very jpretty sight,' lind lie pverheard acerue of othurs maiking I lie mlinel rema;rk. ,O it a llderalle estimlte, li ~ alculutes, that every person present said oil 'n average fifty tiinmes ill the course of the iliglit, that it was ' veiry pro ty t.ibht, ttaud qpite as often ruas the qlda ltion Iasked of,' WhVit are you sup. pus aJ to be ?' Indeed the freqlitneuy with which that inquiry wis'nasmdu aug gests 'a refaorm'itr'i fcy huill which we hulge to see cIarried out in the next thait is given. People shbould go libelledl inl theiback iith" tiiir letitioss Illutes, the era toiwhiuh., they, belling, anld i few leading fleatures in their chlilrtresr fiorthe inftrmintiuil of stratigers; " NO oile ail ever able io tell from l ookinlg iat either elliti or womell it it fitiey bll, "wb i uharheters they wishelrd people to thilnk they, hid assumled i llnd it ila lot till we retid the 'ncounts aof ieh edst ulses in the papers unn the fullua, ig l ay that we kltnow hoiw the Lmtlurity o ti he guests. were dressed. But the namites ld pilued by the revellers were reallt quite arlitr iiry.i 'They'itligthtjdiit isell ntiive g.ne in aenlyullotua fiolloc dresses anld hIlve aill'wed the al ti5lrt who il anllounc ed tleuit? iteli.a J, lul lu his iill.?,, .il.l f" eiula liort tlie. Our S?iorlilltng Editlr reporlat ibulug introtducedl tu a uiother and daughter, the elder if "uhint personated Uleouatre, alld the younlger, Mary Q leeu of ?cUts. Thlere wtas little dilfereoell in their clollthes, attd lie fell into the 'lnt ulilataural tniitake of takinig the daughiter lour tile hlir E?gyptti , tiild the maill her fir the uiilnhappy captive of LTouhlvesli,'ilad lio lli utile I tti iddiress. tihinr ill the. t)ight. A guntlelnani, a lualenber of the press, gave tus titree gnie.sses iti whichi to lulslie llt hi chaoitlatcre, nd uor SpIrting Eglitir i ag~i ticdls"ely ? lFi?utoifl IHeiry .Vil sia;d;,hie Kiing of itipade, to all ,.r ivwiuhe heo bore ia ueritn reusembll ice. Jdudire ,f the naatolinhmteat of oiur Spitrl itlg .Editur, a hel his friend, showed aynilttulms' of uttitilayanc i id deUoil'ed thitl alnyylle but a Fo1i colnhll see he wits Unlmlet. Ou of Ihe prettiest atid mlUst Ipe-uliir dIresses iii the run waos that watrll by the lidy whlo assumed the part ,of thui illestioil Sphllre. lthers was a eitrlii elllloullnt of inuuivehiiehi e about it; how ever, as illn the sqiaire ditciee she tiook tip.an enltire aide it hersell etand ill Ihe rtand d?icus three or ctlur revolut= tiol ou her partier itronid, her kiouk'el' hi e up .fortli t? vi'iiu ' Whll everybody liad seen nmid was secui, the reel cuIoyneulil tofthie uyuil(lg culliu:ioed. u After LI ro 0 fl i our tldunces" ladieas'got as s ipditfelenft o tolil .rleidi ofii 1 thuti' I'g el'ielits uas they do iet oi'd iry baulls;, ;itl" lh flourh becams' lttered a lilt. liy. i ia eble iltloy)ia c?Ostu m, Alifter a up01e', tiiigs l;iueine jollie" s.ill. l? iperlal ad ;i'oyuldiliesl; ubtoailly yinced, . caeg lly it ivith ieges, plralteu, ply.agcl-s,, Itigli wit)ymein ild Hlighluude;iawhIlick them imlperil . .ud rla, a )dcnlmltetere ruvlingeid themselvoes. by yuaksiug tlyre loveu'i_ ulialnbmiunalls, lieisdt d go?ddUes,',, l luhllble flower glirli Buunttui itlrows' slied tlhir covering of" swtllidowde over the velvet outas of l?dlim'i ltrlhitp, aud 13rltilr Druilds, ignorinl g filolfiol I,unelmosty, were only too. hlappyt.to.bo nilolwed to retireu Int quiet coclru lrsand apolil with iuoble laxuinltalies : ..'Out, out are the lighllls, out';ll. 't'iu grey'dowit of Welduldalay' miutl ilg haul caure, tiie 'sceno -of inyoriil Ifesalivity l ,iliUt "p,'ili mid' t he"'`?,ou euvellers alre catching al fuw.' iriuf lioeu.s of sleep before they ngulin ucater on t-hu calres andd dutiesa l liie. 'As thle handl of thu cluck pIaints to t alm., 'lhow inolty grouinis iru thieru utt heord nithriubi' elru weary iillowas.eas. lirlogeL told overtaigit to lt tile niiatli'P'aeleul to thlu losl iiouoeoi, kl Oiae at thtile bi room dloui to say thei liitl.i litLir liiat colnoe. ihow ipullid itlad ?L-uairsitiu. lites of thlls iicu thtoit the lunl'uinig triais whlil inilto tow' bui'wintit9 i ai d 10) o'cloclk; nl Ihow eagerly hiiuiidreJd slltll their wtlchels as Ilooll neurs, as'if coutauotly taklug them out of theil. pockets and lookinig at them, woolda hasten the blessed moment when thLy, may, without violating the proprieties,. repovate- their wasted-systemns by the internal application of cool-beer,mpark lin~g sherry, or:soda witl.a dash. 'Up to the hour of noon yestorday.Colline street was inhabited by a crowd -of ghosts. Spectral business-- peopld served spectral customers, and disem- bohlied professional men in :whom ill humana feeling but antoe headacnhe was dead, advised airy clients or patient.: on; imnginary grievances or. ailments. But an cock.-row sends the ghosts thlet have been disportin; , themselveah around our pillows in the dark,.baok to their roosts, so the first. chime .oft twelve by the clock on .yesterday re- culled the city Iack to mortality.. ".Ia' the afternoon things looked human,-" though still very- seedy, and in' the evening men were able to "talk. and: liugh over the occurrences of the ball.. We are happy to state that to-day,, things have resumed their ordinary,. course, and that 'order reigns in they city.'-Melbourne Panch, 30th ult. 