'CathoIicus' and 'The Track of History.' No.° VI. (To tho Editor of tlio ' Illiiwarrii jrcrcury.') SxU) ? Wo now resume, and proceed to oxamino tho Popes' footsteps on tho 'track of history,' chiefly confining our ' gaze' for tho present to tho principles set forth by these holy (?) men, and in which they would compel us, by fire and sword, if necessary or procurable, to believe and rely on as a sure pass to heaven, Tho task of setting forth, concisely, clearly, and intelligently, tho great leading doctrines of 'Mother Church.' of showing wherein they are worthy or unworthy of credence, by comparing them with tho Infallible Standard (tho Holy Bible), is not agreeable,, and would be intolerable were it not that good seed, sown by an agency however humble, will undoubtedly produce a good effect in time. . For tho special benefit of certain gentlemen who are extremely modest in their pretensions to his toric knowledge, and who blush with honest indignation at tho recital of tho vile doings of ecclesiastics of former times, I here assert, once for all, that it is not what an ecclesiastic of one Church or side says of the opposite, that I set forth, quote, or in any way maintain; but it is sayings, principles and practices of ecclesiastics and others, who aro considered an ornament to their Church or party. I would, as willingly as any other, throw a covering over tho dark deeds that have left indelible stains on the ' track of history,' but for all that, when ' Catholicus' and others of his ilk rouse the Protestant blood, they must expect a thorough overhaul, to see the false teachings and mysticisms to which they are accus tomed fly before a Protestant charge like a morning mist before the rising sun. Protestant liberty and intelligence will not be satisfied with garbled quotations from Lord Macauley or any author whatever. The truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. To the Law and to the Testimony (the Bible), and whatsoever will I not stand this test away with it. As tho fundamentals of the doctrines of a Church are set forth in the Creed, Articles, etc. , thereof, scrutinizing the Creed, then, will be the most likely method of getting a clear sight (' gaze') of the teaching. We do not find the ' Apostles' Creed,' as such, or in so many words, set forth at an early date, but we do find divisions as Athanasians, Eusa bians, and Arians, and we find Constantine, as early as 325, calling a Council, known as tho Council of Nicaea, for the purpose of settling the controversy. (For a full account of this matter see any standard work.) The result of this Coun cil was what is known as the Nicene Creed, and as it is tho earliest of its kind with which we are acquainted, I shall give it in extenso : — 'The Nicene Creed. ' I believe in one God, tho Father Almighty, Maker of heaven and earth, And all things visible and invisible : 'And in our Lord Jesus Christ, tho only begotten Son of God, Begotten of his Father before all worlds, God of God, Light of Light, Very God of very God, Begotten, not made, Being of one substance with the Father ; By whom all things were made, Who for us men, and for our salvation, came down from heaven, And was incarnate by the Holy Ghost of tho Virgin Mary, And was crucified also for us under Pontius Pilate. He suffered and was buried, And tho third day he rose again according to the Scriptures, And ascended into heaven, And sitteth on the right hand of tho Father. And he shall come again with glory to judge both the quick and tho dead Whose kingdom shall have no end. 'And I believe in tho Holy Ghost, Tho Lord, and Giver of life, Who proccedeth from tho Father and tho Son, who with the Fathor and the Son together is worshipped and glorified, Who spake by the Prophets. And I believe in one Catholic and Apostolic Church. I acknowledge one Baptism for tho remission of sins, And I look for tho resurrection of the dead, And tho life of the world to come. Amen.' - This creed was received, ratified, confirmed, and adopted at five different periods, viz.. a.d. 325, 381, 431, 451, and 1546. But though the Council of Trent, a.d. 1546, affirmed this creed, yet it was not satisfied with it, but adopted what ' Catholicus' would call a development of it, entitled tho 'Creed of Pope Pius tho Fourth.' As this is the creed of ' Holy Mother Church,' its importance to the subject under discussion is my excuse for giving it in full : — ' Creed of Pope Pius the Fourth. ' I. I most steadfastly admit and embrace apostolical and ecclesiastical traditions, and all other observances and constitutions of tho same Church. 'II. I also admit the Holy Scriptures, accord ing to that sense which our Holy Mother, the Church, has held and does hold, to which it belongs to judge of the true sense and interpretation of the Scriptures : nor will I ever take and interpret them otherwise than according to tho unanimous consent of the Fathers. ' III. I also profess, that there are truly and properly seven Sacraments of tho new law, insti tuted by Jesus Christ our Lord, and necessary for tho salvation of mankind, though not for every ono ; to wit, Baptism, Confirmation, Eucharist, Penance, Extreme Unction, Order, and Matri mony : and that they confer grace ; and that of these, Baptism, Confirmation, and Order cannot be reiterated without sacrilege ; and I also receive and admit the received and approved ceremonies of the Catholic Church, used in the solemn administration of all the aforesaid Sacraments. ' IV. I embrace and receive all and every one of tho things which have been defined and declared in the holy Council of Trent, concerning original sin and justification. ' V. I profess, likewise, that in the Mass there is offered to God a true, proper, and propitiatory sacrifice for tho living and the dead ; and that in the most holy sacrament of the Eucharist there are truly, really, and substantially the body and blood, together with the soul and divinity, of our Lord Jesus Christ ; and that there is made a con version of tho whole substance of the bread into tho body, and of tho whole substance of the wine into the blood ; which conversion the Catholic Church calls transubstantiation. I also confess that under either kind alone Christ is received whole and entire, and a true sacrament. 'VI. I constantly hold that there is a Purga tory, and that the souls therein detained are helped by tho suffrages of the faithful. ' VII. Likewise, that the saints, reigning toge ther with Christ, are to be honoured and invo cated ; and that they offer prayers to God for us, and that their relics are to be held in veneration. ' VIII. I most firmly assert that tho images of Christ, of the Mother of God, ever virgin, and also of other saints, may be had and retained, and that due veneration are to be given them. 'IX. I also affirm that the power of Indulgences was left by Christ in tho Church, and that tho use of them is most wholesome to Christian people. 'X. I acknowledge the Holy, Catholic, Apos tolic. Roman Church for tho mother and mistress of all Churches ; and I promise true obedience to the Bishops of Rome, Successor to St. Peter, Prince of tho Apostles, and Vicar of Jesus Christ. 'XI. I likewise undoubtedly receive and profess all other things delivered, defined, and declared by the Sacred Councils, and particularly by the holy Council of Trent ; and I condemn, reject, and anathematize all things contrary thereto, and all heresies which the Church has condemned, re jected, and anathematized. ' XTI. T, N.N., do at this present freely profess and truly hold this true Catholic faith, without which no one can be saved, and I promise most constantly to retain and confess the same entire and inviolate, with God's assistance, to the end of my life. And I will take care, as far as in me lies, that it shall be held, taught, and preached by my subjects, or by those the care of whom shall appertain to me in my office ; this I promise, vow, and swear, so help me God and those holy Gospels of God.'* It is unnecessary to trespass on your space, or tax the patience of your readers, to prove that the creed of Pope Pius IV. is rigidly enforced by Mother Church. Abundant evidence is ready if required. But if any one is curious to know tho truth for himself, let him examine 'Butler's Book of tho Roman Catholic Church,' ' Romish Ritual, Coyne, Dublin, 1847,' 'Dr. Doyle's Evidence before tho Lords' Committee, March 21, 1825,' or ' Dr. Milner's End of Controversy, Letter XIX.' Very little reflection, indeed, will enable tho reader to perceive the reason for citing tho above creeds. If, e.g., the first be in accordance with tho Scripture, tho second cannot ; and if tho second be, tho first cannot ; but tho first is in perfect accord with Scripture, therefore tho second cannot. Not only is tho first creed in perfect accord with Scripture, and has consequently tho genuine ring about it, but it is tho earliest, and most likely, therefore, to contain tho fundamentals of tho early Christian Church. Another matter is clear also, namely, that Popery— except in embryo — did not exist at tho time of the Council of Calcedon, a.d. 451, when tho Nicene Creed was approved of, and therefore Popery is not so ancient as ' Catholicus' would have us believe. But ' Catholicus' would 'die' for his Church. Well ! So would tho Turk for his; is it therefore true? Everything that we can ' gaze' on in tho ' track of history' distinctly affirms tho contrary. No doubt ' Catholicus' and his we clique, with big men and some of tho lambs, have had their eyes a little opened by this time, by ' gazing along the track of history but if tho light of truth has not yet enabled them to see ' men like trees walking,' it is sincerely to be hoped that what is to come will enable them to penetrate tho thick darkness in which Mother Church envelopes them. But, by the way, a rather strange coinci dence has lately occurred in Sydney, and one in porfect accord with ' Catholicus.' His Grace tho Archbishop has sent a circular letter lately to the clergy, with a Protest against the Revolution in Italy, with a request that the 'Faithful' will sign. The Protest, (Popery turned Protestant) begins — 'We, tho Catholics of the district of —— 'and towards the end tho great man makes use of Lord Macauley exactly as 'Catholicus' did. Is not this a strange coincidence ? Is it not rather a novelty to make the Papal dupes sign garbled statements of Lord Macauley, and have them forwarded to tho dear old Pope as their own ? Shame ! Shame ! ! PROTESTANT. 