TALES & SKETCHES IN Till- O.VIiK. , 111 ScVcll Wntclics. by R; E. Fiu NfclLtON*. d til/ior bf" Olynii>fd,". " l^carl fidd ijmt'rnid,'','' i'arPa : , , licnc,.' "ZeldaxFortune," ic.. •[COPTItimiT.] FIItST WATCH-SUNDOWN. . j Rocks aud the wavcsthat dash against thcni and over them. aro the glory of the parish of St. Moldreth, jVflnch, as its naiuo denotes; lies in the Duchy, of Cornwall,, where Saints, un heal, of elsewhere, are so plentiful, that the Devil himself, is. afraid to cross, the border of Devon, lest he should,.be caught ami.canontecd. or^murlea pic Of : • for the legend hath both veadiiigs. It,is on the northoVn toast s I may iiiy, without; fear. of dVcr accuracy, between Dude and St. A^hes. Iknow ilwell: but I din Wet gOUig to, share my knowledge with pos sible .tourists, who in a year or two would bo ♦ asking for a branch line to.it, or at least u coach, .and; spoiling-'.everything. It is n place where one is company, but a hundred are none. v ' tOf . eourse-people live there. People live even in Xbnclon : .so it voultl be strange indeed if lioiie wero.so, wise as to live at St. Holdreth;' where.;^iture. horself has biull palaces and cathedrals, and, keeps full season uU .IHe year round. There is Ond g'fnhd ta¥e timtj for wealth of araliitcctuml bfcauty, shames even • the chef fVdiivrc.Of Sir Christopher Wreir, though it is unibwwii to: Fume as Puffin's: Hole:; It runs right s under a narrow,neck Of .land whitli thus forius a natural bridge, joihing what Uould «6thenvise,be an island rock to the shore. This black and vhggcd peninsula is the spire in rela tion 10 Ptlllin's Hole, .which is tho nave. It is the Razor Hock—so called, I presume, in ac bordance with.the practice of Cornish5 nomen clature,- because it is possible to imagine it like anyllung-MJxebpt a razor. ,Collectors of legends preUnid that the St. ifoldreth people sar that it is the punishment of Trogugglc,the tlnjlisl Steward, to shard himself with it every morn ing. But it is in truth very like a rough-hewn cathedral spire, us it gradually diminishes up wards..tbwerhig over the >ea till its piullncle looVs'likesharp pdiul ift mid ' air. It i Usual for anybody ascend it except tho sea . sfulls, wli6 ritay be seen constantly ranged round 'thcsuiUndt like lire after-tho tights of the builder. And yet, high as this abrupt, sheer Vock rises From the face of the sou, there.are . waves in'winter that dash up well nigh us high as the sea-gulls win i!y, and, when beaton hack, swell ph army that threaten to swallow up rook, coast, cave, St, Moldrcth uiulaU, us effectually as ilie collectors of legends say that the parish swallows the story ollVcgug^ie'S lhi?pi\ iVrtomo hours, twiOC a nay, any man, who is "sufficiently reckless o( the nips of-.cliancc lobsters; may pass right through the cave from one Opbhittg to the other. It is not particularly ^vdrth tiding, except for the sake of feeling how completely alone it is possible to be, how wet, and,presently, how hungry. But twice a, day ' he' must bo rasli indeed who lingers there. Fbr then the tide rushes.in at one end of the Vast hole and. fights it« way over and Uu'dugVi the rocks till it storms OUt at lhd 6'Uier. It is u graud tiling, then, to overlook tho exit—to see tho wild wives wishing out mildly from the inlcli black depth behind thenv us if disgorged trouV the bottomless pit—twice a day it is an internal service-hour in St. Moldreth Cathedral. Bough.weather or calm makes but little differ* euee to;the scene: indeed, it.is most striking wheu .the day is bright and calm, and the seeth ing whirl of white and black is in full contrast with, the wide blue, sea beyond. The'roar is deafening as the tide sweeps in nlul out, and turns all. nooks and cornel's of the hole into a chorus of organs in fidl Must,''wailing atul roar ing. Sometimes a mass of waves, prevented !>v the back-rush from finding passage through I lio hole, will find it* wuy bv bricking over the bridge, high us it is, and coming down on the other side after, the mail iter of Niagara. Then, indeed, the. chaos is idterly beyond description. But histories have to do with other mutters. Wlnle one peasant lives in the jiurish of Su Moldtvlh, Pullin's Dole, for all its wonder, is OOwhere. Whatever we may pretend to think, the dullest human heart, lots.more interest for us than all the passion of the wildest sea. So let- it. he. I would prefer myself to tqicnd an hour looking into the black, boiling caldron of J'ullin's Hole—but if 1 did, I should have few to keep me company. Only it is needful at starting on a more hunmu'uud less lonely voy age to know whereabouts wo are. It was a bleak winter night, even, though it was in mid December. No snow was falling, but a sweeping wind from the moors above St. Moldreth was driving a blinding sleet into tiie eyes, ears, and mouth of a man who was riding at. a quick trot- along what passed in that, corner of the country for 4<a good bridle mud"—that »s lo say, tvhut. would Iks called a natural water course in leas contented countries The ground was hard enough, fort ho rook wis its founda tion, and the hoofs of the horse rang on it like hummers on iron: but the jwols or cold ruin "plashed up to meet the stinging arrow* that oaino down. The rider wore long boots, a waterproof tout, and u soft hut that seemed lo | have experienced a, hundred storms: ho had : spurs, too, but the sicct- stings were doing their work umply. And the horse went well. It a viilaindu .was a rilluindtis night to be out in, and it lute, too, and pitch dark into the bargain—on sucli u rOadj a horse, or its .rider, had need to knflw(thc'trucks wfeii. I/ahd marks, if there were any, were invisible : from tlic free sweep of the rain, which had everything its own way, there could not be. much but moorland between itS victim and tlie . lulls whence it came. The sea was ncarenough.to roar hungrily—altogether, if any man wished to.be exeepridfrallyuncom vfortable,Uicre wiis the very place and time tor him. ; . , , JBut evidentlyfthe: vider. had no. sympathy with nature—for he was humming a song. And he had as little, feeling with art,* for hc,jwas humming it most cheerfully out of tuue. And it was an odd tunc, too, to be humming in a blinding sleet out on a dark corner.of a Cornish moor. There was not the ghost of a moon, and ho was nuil-dl'riua u Casta Diva$" taking his time front the beatof iiis horse's shoes on theiron l'dad. .. lie mot nbbtidv... §o there .was: nobody to see liiuij cr£ii if the (iifkiyss ullow&b; llud any* body, with the eyes brruii dd-l tfr a Cat,* hap pened to meet him, therc.would lrnre been seen, in the saddle of a ruw-boned lumter, a man of about fivc-and-thirty, long limbed, full chested, broad shouldered, a good looking face filled with complete satisfaction, not with itself, but with things in general—the distinction is^a broad one, and very easy to read. His],facc^shone, not only witll ftdn, bub with gwd humour i his grey eyes were alight, partly with the • active pleasure of a hard ride, and partly with expec taiicy—rclearly the .discomfort was; to have no uncorafdrlablo eHd.;; Ifts. features .were clear cut) after the EhgUsb pattern, fedd&l;&L; and roughened by much weather, lis tliose of fair men are, and were unhidden by moustache or beard: Intelligence was not wanting—in so far as intelligence is consistent with the mood of a niuii who, with freezing slifebdHfing straight in his teeth, occupies himself with singing "Casta Diva." , There -was a little mystery; about lus choice of a time, perhaps. But there was none about the man. In short, he was Allan Hay worth, parish doctor of St. Moldreth, St. Wirren, and St. Bore: he had been visiting his patients, and was. going, home. And that was. what made Ithn like lite ram-rfar,- if it had not driven in liis face with a moor-wind, he would have been riding away. And preseiitjy tile ligliU df SI. Moldreth bniie out In the form of two twinkling stars— the only stars to be seen—but better than any in the sky. The horse needed not even the spur of the sleet to quicken his trot with his stable so near, l'he wind dropped a little as it neared the sea, and the roar came up more loudly from Pufliu's Hole. It was a roar of welcome; the doctor hud a fancy for coming home at high tide, when the Cathedral organ was in full play. Jt,was part of the Itdme life, earless di thiVdfe as lie might be. ' TUe Wad, ievel hitherto, became mow marked, and yet more uneven: now the lights of St. Moldreth rose up towards the cloud, now they fell again, now went out and now appeared as he rode nearer to the sea. At last, after leading his horse for about a quarter of a mile up n steep liill, he reached what in St Moldreth is called a hedge, and elsewhere a barricade with a trench, such as may be thrown up against a besieging army. A }\uac iron gale; fufllcd with the air, \Jpeileii ihtd a patch of kitchen gar den. dno ex]>eclcd to come upon a fortress at least after such an entrance, and was puzzled to understand why such a formidable entrench ment should hare been thrown up to defend .from nobody what, turned out to be but a poor low cottage after all, rough cast, uud no better than a labourer might live in. But, humble as it was, it was supported by buttresses to land ward, and the thatched roof was held down by i huge pieces of rock, aS if the inhabitants pre ferred the chance of being crushed in their beds to that of being blown away. It was clear that the doctor Of Sli MoldrOth was less rich than contented. Atkl it was trite elitiugh that the thrCc parishes together were well nigh as little in need Of a doctor as of doctor's bills. One of the lights he had seen wis here: lie had kept his eyes on it from the first sight of it, and had followed it like i» lode-star." But now lie showed-n trait, of character. Beyond all question the light in his grey eves as he sang "Casta Diva" had been reflected front that very candle. But it was a patient light: and without, even tapping at the window as he passed, he led his horse straight to another cottage, scarcely more hUmble than tho first, and made him comfortable without, hurry, ami as methodically as if his heart had not been galloping before him nil the way.' Perhaps even he lingered a little over his duty to his horse, as if expected pleasure were so great- that even its antieijwtion was too sweet a thing to lose. 'Chen, at- last, when the manger wis sup plied, the straw arranged, and every thought taken for his friend,'he strode eagerly to the door of the cottage, let- himself in with a rush of sleet and wind, and called : "Zora 1" "The • Crackling of Thorns under a Pot." This was exactly what welcomed him; The kitchen—there was no passage—was small: so small that there seemed no room for the mil lions of sjwirks that danced up and then fell from the ceiling again like merry golden rain. It was not « five wherein to look for faces or for adventures lit dreamland : it was a bhuc of thorns in a wide, o}>en chimney, crackling and i snapping in incessant laughter, and making tho t jwt boil less with heat than with sympathy Some .sen-drift there imiv hnrc been in tlic centre, for heart and back-bone, but. the flushes and tile sparks played at doing all the work and doing it well. There is nothing like a fire-light of thorns (0 feel merry in, and for making jests sparkle up to the tip of tire tongue. When the wind burst in with the doctor, the tliatch must liave been thankful W the sleet tlrnt had soaked it through and through. But the doctor gave (lie sparks a stir with his boot and made them fly ugniti. Then he threw off his riding clothes, glanced into the potr—as was natural after such a ride—turned liis back (ti the. Ore, and looked round him coii-. tentedly. .>•••• If the kitchen was small for the blaze, it whs even smaller for its • owner. But content is a marvellously elastic material. Whether eon tent in a cottage is a virtue on the part of a strong man in the prime of life who is presum ably not alone in the world, may be a question : but it unquestionably depends voir much upon IfcV who 9lmres it • with him. And the content of a man who has to spend winter duys, and sometimes winter nights too, in riding about for leagues to. treat common-place ailments for next to.nothing,* speaks marvellously well for somebody, if not for Iran. But where was she? Surely it was not the pot, slung gipsy-fushion over' the' thorns, that had put the light* into his eves and inspired liira to sing "Casta Diva." And then pots need somebody to watch them. 1 cannot fairly say that Dr. Huyworth was not hungry—he was, for h& was a healthy man all round: but his supper was not whit ho was waiting for. Well—everybody must be* out of the way some times, except those who are never wnttted, and a country doctor's wife can't be supposed to he able td fell to the moment when her husband is coining home. • ThC pot was. sufficient security for her being near at hand. Dr. Huyworth looked the last man to fret himsrff about trifles, or to be cross because he huppened to be' liiiitgfT; . Nevertheless, though he had missed the warmth of sudden welcome without taking it to heart, ho took out his watch and looked at it with extra attention, as men will examine aiiy* , thing without thinking when they have nothing else to do/ It was only a silver watch, but it did very well to count the slow pulses of St, Moldrcth with: the hands were now at twenty minutes past seven. And, as he stood watching the minnte. hand creep on from twenty to tweniy-One, it sht lihn thinking. Watched pots nevtr bbil; and watched watches never go. A minute was therefore more tlmn enough for Dr. Havworth to remdinbcr a great deal—more especially as he wns in the liablt of remembering it all continually. He had not always lived at St, Moldreth the name of Havworth itself wns foreign in the land of Tre, ;Pol, and Pen. Tlmt was the rea son* perlinpp, why he [took note of the organ blasts of Puffin's Hole when he hrard them, for a. native would as soon have thought of noticing any common capftil of wind. For that matter, he wns not an Englishman at all. In spite of his English name, his English face, figure, and air, he had never opened his eyes on England till five years' ago. Assuredly when he left N'ovn Seotia to study medicine in Paris and London, he never dreamed of settling down, it seemed for life, in a wretched littld Coffer of Cornwall—a county of which he had never heard savt? in connection with Jack the Giant Killer. He wns not ji man of literary tastes, and 1 doubt if ever he had deli berately rend a line of verse siuec he wns born. The world, at thirty years old* presented itself to Allan Hay worth in two aspects—as a field for practice und as a field for duty. That from first to last is the whole man—lie had no sub tleties and no complexities. Neither practically, intellectually, nor morally had lie ever doubted since he was born. He was one of those few and fortunate people who always seem to know what, to do on the spur of the moment and how to do it at the same time. There is 110 doubt nn clement of dullness about, the very strength of such men: they cannot banish subtleties and complexities from the world, and so they get puzzled sometimes. Only the Very straight forwardness of their strength mostly carries them through—they arc like horses with blinkers, whom nothing bewilders or turns, simply because they see nothing that is not straight before their noses. He sailed from Xrw York with his life—so turns he had cured to plun it—ull mapped out clearly before him. The .Atlantic was to be the high road to. science, science to wealth, and wealth to cu.-e for himself and the greatest pos sible good for others. He was not an ambitious man in the common sense of the wont: he had too little vanity or self-consciousness for aitbi lion. He had not the privilege of freedom— such home ties as he had lay lightly on him, and he had manufactured none of his own. ire was not rich, but was rich enough for one who feels that his account- with the bank of the Future is secure: he had many enjoyments, but cared for few pleasures and no vices: he had no enemies, and many friends. But he is a rash man tljat sets his foot on shipboard. It- is not that waves are rough and winds are strong—such jwrils are well nigh i where in these days, and the gross dangers of the sea were perhaps never so great- or so fatal as the common-place • every-day perils of the shove. It- is that for iv while he narrows his destiny aud lives in a little world that erowds out the huge, living myn can guess what may or may not hapfum to his life between shore aud shore. It wns winter: and the passengers by the Numidm were few. Indeed they were excep tionally few, even for thclime of year. When he had reeorered from what is, after all, tire vciy . worst evil of the sea, for he" was ho sueli hero us to be proof uguinst the most cruel and yet most ignominious of the ills that flesh is heir to, he took stock of his fellow voyagers to thcr old ecmntry, and found them as uninteresting as could well be—even on a liner in winter, which is saying a great deal. The only man on board—helAd seen no ladies—hath whom he hud the least affinity was u gentleman who sat next him at table the first- time be appeared there—and even in this solitary case the affinity wa's all on one side. , This wns a person scarcely older than himself, whose station in life the inexperienced eyes of the young colonist were unable to read. 2fot that in this respect they showed themselves especially blind. It wns tolerably certain that he wis neither a duke, nor an archbishop, nor a crossing sweeper, nor a sailor—indeed to enu merate what he certainly was not, was easy: what he was, was the* difficulty. He was dressed after the extreme manner of the amateur yachtsman, und the blue ribbon on his tarpaubn hat was lettered Penelope. But he was a lands man all over, even to the extent of wearing the most exquisitely fitting gloves, one of which he' retained even while lie dined. He was small, but plump, with features akin: to the pug. but with an expression of self-content altogether unknown to that style of feature in its canine form. He wns soft and sleek, and altogether resembled so much a pimjiered puppy, that Allan instinc tively looked to see if a tail was not wagging ■ between the bars of his chair. Finding none, he looked at him as a whole, with the smile of amusement that such a man is rnude to provoke iu another. Jfo ghost of a presentiment en tered his head that this chance table companion : of his on board the 2?umidia was—his destiny. His next neighbour's next neighbour on the farther side, an American clergyman, handed him an orange. . • ■ - - "Thank you, Mr. Malcolm," he answered, with ailm abstractor. -• " My name is James, sir," replied the clergy man. Dvs human pug peeled his orange and winked at vacancy. Allan began to think him a Httlo ! touched in the brain. ; After dusk, Allan was smoking his pipe when his neighbour at table joined him. "Have a weed?" he said, offering an em broidered nise. "Pretty good thcsc-are, Mr. Malcolm, I can tell you, on my word. Bought 'em in Cuba." . "Thank ycrn—I'd rather keep to my pipe. But my name isn't Malcolm." "No?" •> ' " My name is Hayworth." • "Hayworth—ah! Mine's • Grann. You'd better have a weed. By the way, I. wonder when we're to see the young woman. T alia.ll wear out my gloves before she slwwa—only I've got dozens of pairs. And bow do you like America, Mr. Mnl—I beg your }sirdon. A fine, largo sort of country 5 but bless you, the maps are a sell. It don't look larger than England when you are there. Going home ? I am." " I congratulate your friends, I'm sure. America is my home. I suppose you'Te been, taking a holiday ? " "No, no, you're out there, Mr. Male—nor business is my play. I'm a business man, I am, though you wouldn't think so, I'm sure. Now—wlmt'd you think's my line?" "Harmless imbecility," was on the tip of Allan's tongue: but he did not say so. Ho only - said, " Good night, Mr. Grann." It was rough weather next, day, and Allan did not seo Mr. Grann. But, on the next, the first words he heard spoken on deck were: " Good morning, Mr. Malcolm. Pine day. II1U1." The last new Mr. Malcolm was a striking, or rather singular looking man of (he most uncer tain of all ages. He showed on deck to-day for the first time, though lie did uot look* of the complexion on which the sea tells. He was all sinew and wlupcord—he seemed to hare neither flesh nor muscle: and yet there was a look about hiui of the awkward customer- His fuce, of a -greyish, sallow (one, was closely shaved, harsh nud sunken, and wore an expression of the most perfectly wooden gravity over seen. ' " 1 have observed, sir," he said, with a quiet, soft drawl und an equal accent on every syllable, "that you have !>poke to every man on board tltis ship by the name of Malcolm, from the captain down to the cabin-boy. And I wish to know why. t think it- is a liberty." " Oh, not at all, not at all—don't mention it, pray." *' t am wutiiig, sir, to know why." What reason Mr. Grann gave for his eccen tricity, or whether he gave any reason at all, Allan did not remember. It was, in truth, not only a tine day for mid-winter at sea—it was a glorious day: und tho sun had risen in the form of a young lady who sat on deck in a nest of shawls and wrappers and—us well she might— was staring hard at Mr. Grann. Yet I doubt if ho would have felt fluttered hud he known thut it was not merelv his gloves, exquisite as they were, but his whole appearance that had at tracted her. " Mr. Ilnyworth, let mo introduce you to Miss Gaston," said the captain. Allan raised his hat-and bowed. And, from that- moment his fate was sealed. Mr. Ihitui ami -"Mr. Gann's monomania, hided from his uiiiul. And now, instead of having become tho first physician of his standing in Halifux, ho had been drircn, slep br step, to buy the jvtfr practiee of St, itoldroth in order to support, somehow, anyhow, a wifc-whom he had married straight from the deck of the Xumidia, for no reason on eartli but because he lored her, and because she hud told; him with her own Hps t hat she loved hint; ' It was wliat most people would call a. mad marriage, lie learnea from .her in tho course of the voyage all that he Lncw of her after a marriage of fouryears, for the suflvcieiifc reason tliat she could tell him no mow than she had told Jiim then.- Slid-had -been brought up, nil her life, at- a school in Xew Orleans: except ber companions tbere, she had no relations and no friends. She had known neither father nor mother. But at lost a letter had come to those who had the. care of her, anil had been pre sumably well paid, instructing them to send her. to England in the Xumidia. letting them know she mould be met on her arrival at Liver pool, and enclosing a draft for her outfit and passage. They probably knew from whom the instructions came, and they sent her off accord' ingly. I have notdescribed hep yet 5 for. long before the passage was over. Allan, for the first time in his life, was over head and ears in love, and it is no use in looking at & woman with a lover's eyes that were now seeing her after their own persistent fashion in a watch dial. "When 1 see her with any eyes, it must be with our own. In due course* the Numidia arrived in the Mersey.' But nobody came on board to meet Miss Gaston. The captain of the Xumidia, under whose chaige she was, placed her in an hotel; but there cameforherneither letter nortelegram. When the captain could look after her no longer, Allan felt himself obliged to postjxme his jour ney to Paris in order that, she might not be left utterly alone in a strange countir. It was very strange.. Tliat somebody had intended to meet her at once was clear: from the fatal reason that she had been supplied with money for her voyage to England- and no more. Presently the situation grew from strange to unaccount able. .1 Allan telegraphed to the ladies with whom she had lived, for the name and address of their correspondent. They telegraphed back: "Smith, London." He spent three weeks in writing for particu lars. . They wrote bad:: "Dear Sir,—We know-nothing more." He advertised, and made such inquiries as were possible: but he had by this time post poned his journey to Paris so long tlint his own funds were running low. But what was to be done?" He could not leave a girl whom he loved with all his heart and-soul alone to face the world, of which she knew even less than he, without means and without friends. It was necessary he should have the right to settle her hotel bill. There was no opportunity for a long engagement. He procured the cheapest home he could find, and asked her to marry him for want of a better, and, when she said yes, believed liiznself the linppiest as lie was the proudest of men. And, from that day till now, lie luul never dreamed of repenting. Mad as his: marriage seemed to a girl of whose history he knew no more tlian that she had been at a boarding-school, he liad actually found the liappiness he liad looked for. Even such a barren triad as St Moldreth, St Wirren, and St Bore gave him full exercise of body and mind. His wife he still held to be an angel not merely in a lover-like sense, but with the literal feeling that she had really condescended from loftier heights when she -married him. Only three things ever troubled him. One uns the medical harvestof-St Moldretli, St. Wirren, and St.'Bore put together were not enough to keep an angel in angelic splendour—but then they were both young, and, no doubt, better days would come. The second was tliat some chance word or look of hers would puzzle him bv hinting at sides of mind or depths of nature that were mysteries to him—but he was no psychologist or self-tormentor, and let such fancies drift as they arose. The third was tliat they had no children. But then the first and third were compensations: had those three niggardly saints liad more than two mouths to feed and- two bodies to clothe, they would not have sufficed for one. As things were, they snfficed, though not amply, for two. •. But meanwhile the one minute had grown. It ■was no longer twenty-one minutes past seven— it was a quarter past eight, arid more. What could it mean ? Never had Iris wife been out'of the way so long—could she be sleeping," perhaps—though she never slept soundly in .such a gale as was rising now ? He looked into their bedroom: she was not there. She * must be out of doors—and on such a night—she, who rarely stirred beyond the garden gate, or at mostus far as the point hard by tliat overlooked Puffin's Hole—and wis so delicate besides— The doctor went to the door, aud let the blast rush in again. The storm was rising in deed: it swept and scattered the sparks till they died away, and ihe pot swung now over nothing but the white ashes of the thorns. It. was as if he had opened, the door for death to enter. He had no superstition in him—men tally: but who does not feel such things? What could have luippened but one? He heard, louder and louder, the seething of the mad tide backward and forward through Puf fin's Hole, and remembered how his wife would sit and watch it sometimes for hours—an in comprehensible tasle to lrim, but now for the first time suggestive of terror. What if in the fascination of such a scene she liad been drawn too near, and then been tempted on and on by a mesmeric power till she could resist tlie wild desire no longer? Such things have been. Or a gust of wind might have proved too strong, or—— And he could dp nothing—lie could only wait: a terrible thing for a man. Still the minutes dragged on, till, the Fear grew into the certainty of despair. His doom rose ghastly before lrim : muting for days, for years, for Iris life long, uud with nothing to be clone but wait for ever. For, though he might despair, no living soul would ever know. Her body might even now be beaten and dashed about by the I ide out of all knowledge— wives like those do not drown peacefully; they rend and tear like' hungry- tigers, breaking, bones, and tearing limb from limb.* He" opened the door again, aud went out into the storm, j half madly. ... l\ . . The storm was well up now. The enemy; against whose foree the cottage had been built like a castle w:is being felt: the very iron gate itself was blown open. • -—iC.".""'' " Zoni!" ITer face was against his*own, and she .was in his arms. • "Good God, Zora t Are you safe?" Where have you been ?" " Have you been frightened ? Have you j been long home ?" It wis too dark to see her in the garden j patch through the dark white rain. But her I voice promised well. It is doubtful even if any face ever quite corresponded to a voice like hers. To hear her speak was to understand ut1 once why he had fallen in love with her at first, sight—at first, hearing, on board the Xumidtu. | It wis of a clear, i>enetmting sweetness, yet soft and low, with ft little caressing press upon j each accent and the smallest lingering pause I between each word—just enough to give it the j piquancy of a possible foreign tlavour, but no I more, 'it gave the effect of being audible at ' pleasure, without change of pitch or tone, by j one ouly near enough for a whisper or however | far awiy. • And it lmd a thrill in it, enough to make the pulse beat faster and the blood run j warmer. And yet—how shall I say it ?—there I was a note about it as if the voiee said more ^ than its words said, and gave a soul to their I dry syllables. Such. a voice as Zora's is not! heard once in a thousand years. i " Frightened ? Good God, Zora! I was | petting mad—thnt's all. But never mind now, , dear, since you're safe. I don't luiiid knowing j what it is to be insane once in a while. It may I come useful in practice some day. There—I'll soon blow up the fire again." And that was soon done: for a fire of thorns is as soon afire as a young man's love, according to the song. " And now we'll see what we can do with the pot." He busied himself without a question: for though Zona was safe from all but a worse wetting than liis had been, there must have been something strange for her to tell of as soon as she might deign to please. As nobody is bound to see with Allan's eyes, it is a matter of baste whether Zora was beau tiful. She was graceful, beyond all question. The first thing the re wakened flames had • to show was that, however clearly she. might be seen, some light stronger even than the sun's was needful to know, her in. Perhaps the light of love might suffice: but Allan loved: Iter well, and yet was never quite sure. Do you know the kind of face that people call " infinitely suggestive"—just us they call certain sorts of music so, just and only because it suggests nothing whatever to them ? It does not follow tliat anything really lies behind the face, or beneath the music—but then how much there ! may Ik? ! She was slight and slender, with a look of languor in every pose, and shown even more distinctly in lier manner of changing from one pose to another, as if movement were a pro cess to be thought out long beforehand, and carried out with deliberate meaning. She had nothing about her of the pronounced life that i one would look for in a Cornish kitchen, the sea within car-shot, and the wind sweeping down straight upon it from over the moors. And yet, in some undefinable way, her. very sligbtness and fragility of figure, her very lan guor of pose, were so far from suggesting weak ness as to imply the veTy strength they.con truilicted. At present she was sitting among the sparks at her husband's feet, resting one ann upon his knee, and licrhead upon her arm, and, while he looked down tenderly upon her, watching the racing flames with eyes that must surely mean a thousand wonders—unless, like most beautiful eyes, they meant nothing but themselves. . For these, beyond all question, were beautiful. And yet I would no more try to tell their colour than that of the sea, which is now golden, now blue, now grey, now black, and now, as often, all at once and yet always the same. And they aried, as she sat there, independently of the light: her own thoughts seemed to colour them. One who knew her well, and not only loved her, might learn to follow lier thoughts in her eyes, supposing she had any real thoughts to follow. And they hud a look of wakeful bleep in them, to match the languid grace of lier limbs. Iler complexion was wholly pale, without the phan tom of a rose, but with a creamy duskiness showing through: her forehead finely arched, but low, and her mouth, marrellously'delicatc in its curve, and not too small for such a voice as hers to come from fully and freely, looked for ever on the point of speaking. Her hair, from which the hood of a grey cloak was now thrown back, was brown-black with a crisp wave, but arranged with the strictest and most conven tional precision. The general outline of her face was round, with small, straight, even fea tures: and yet, fine and small as they were, and changeful as were the eyes and the lips, there was.no want of decision about such of the features as do not vary with the thoughts and moods. There were lines and curves about the throat and chin that spoke of will. Whether this fuce of hers was beautiful or no, it was loo outlandish in character, and guve fur too little promise oF symjwthy, to attract eyes that look for home-light wholly or mainly. It wits ]X>5siblc to imagine her in all sorts of strange places and. umong ull manner of strange people, but iinjtossiblc lo imagine one where. she ' would look really at borne—in St. Moldrelh least of all, unless it were in sight oF Razor Rock and Puffin's Hole. To that village she could only have dropped from the clouds, or come over the sea. And whutcver Nat ure had meant her for, it was not to be the wife of the parish doctor of St. iroldretli. He smoothed back her wet; hair and her eves turned a way from the flames and looked up at his face with a sort of sigh in them. Her eyes could do everything. Hut it was the fullest of con trasts between the two puirs_—the honest,one rtiiv grey, and thoso;of tho^uulHtiidiiibus U'uca t meant all tilings at once, hovrevcrwaried. | Then: she said, in,a voice ttliat wuskof itself the ten-, deresfc of caresses: ;iSi\ 3 j " I am so very sorry I frightened '{you, Allan., I only went to- witeV- tho' tide boil—nothing "And whowusMowatcli the pot'boil ?-That's ore to the purpose than the tide," said the : 'doctor with ,-inoek ;seveHty. r Had she said, " I only went.to take a. flight to the moon," he would have believed contentedly," * • " And yet be wis not a weak num. But the stronger a man is, the more strongly lie needs a j heaven and an" angel—and what joy wis. then? for this over-worked 'surgeon but Zora arid j Home.'-• ' I : Meanwhile, as they sat in the fire-lit twilight like lovers, the tide that tears and rends poured madly into Puffin's Hole and more' madly out 1 again.' If the winds and the waves' lisid'a secret they knew how to keep it well. *. I ' (To bc coniiwed.) 