THE SLEDGE HAMMER, THE veiled Prophet of Khorassau had not more devoted and gullible followers tban our clever Mr. Berry. He hands over his friends the farmers to the tender mercies of two (2) gunny bag manufacturers, aud as they bleed them in a protectionist way, by rifling their pockets for the good of the country, the bovine species are satisfied. Next he essays a bolder game, and taxes the necessaries of life, such as beef and mutton, and if the homy-handed working man has to pay more for his chops and joints, is it not for the benefit of their families and the protection of native industry? As though not tired of piling the burden on the backs of the gentle public, he has mulcted every market gardener, drayman, and keeper of a working horse out of £3 or more a year by his maize trick, he so gently befools deputation after deputation of bis stark-mad followers, that their cry continues : "Great is the Prophet of Protection ! May his shadow never grow less!" When the time arrives that the veil is rent away, and the native hideousness of their idol seen to the famished and yelling victims, it will be awkward for Jerry. I am amused at the fogged and bewildered way in which the Committee of the V. C. C, confound personal honour with the awful and fearful majesty of the Law, or the terrible event of a fine. I know another committee of another club who would have dealt with a whole laneful of Fagans in five minutes. Though I am seated in my first-class smoking carriage, and enjoying my otium cum dig., the law permits any blackleg and defaulter to sit opposite to me; "but is that a reason I should lend him my sweet discourse, or exchange cigars, or play cards, or talk dawgs, or fraternize in the slightest degree with the dishonourable member of society opposite. There is nly one way to adopt, and that is to cleanse the club of all unclean things. There is also an old saying somewhere about pitch and clean hands. I am really sorry for poor little Shortofcash, of the Red Gum Department. He was creeping along getting more respectably into debt day by day, for Mrs. S. has numerous olive branches, and appearances must be kept up, when the invitation came to the Mayor's Fancy Dress Ball. How he got his Duke de or Count dress, I am not going to say, but in an unguarded and fatal moment he wrote a grand description thereof, and a grander one of his worthy wife's, and the Argus blushed in its columns with the brilliancy. Next day,'and since then, he has been besieged with his baker, grocer, butcher, and all the small tribe of debtors, until he leaves home before daylight, and returns after dark—and his hours are not cheerful. And now there is the Return Ball! and much fear and trepidation about being mean, and his name not being seen in the list of Returnites, and the sneers of M 'Meanness, who didn't get a ticket, and the fear of still more dunning, until he is becoiping a half-sane Yarrabender. Give up keeping up appearances, little S , pay off your debts, and crawl up again, I am not a proud man, nor one who would cherish spite or illfeeling for half a century or more. In fact, if anything, I am forgiving to several degrees and many faults, and just now quite willing to bury the war-liatchet, wash my face clean from paint, and smoke any amount of pipes of peace with the Big Serpent, or the Great Chief of the Humbug Tribe, in the House of Palaver. For do I not read that divers and sundry Commissioners are to he appointed under the Land Tax Act, with terrible powers like unto monarchs, and in whose presence the past glories of King Casey shall fade away like smoke, who are to sit in majesty, and fulminate laws, and crush and squeeze the vitals of landowners until they give up the ghost. As " political partisans " are not to be elected I go in bald r headed for the best Commissionership. I am opposed to small pay and cheap salaries, so fill up the amount to something worth having, and leave it to me to collect from the bloated laudochracy and the overgrown squatters, who dare to be industrious and make money. I have a patent hammer for smashing their «intricate machinery " against the State ; so bid high, Graham, and if we don't flabbergast the whole biling, we will chirrup no longer —only bid high! 