SCWA' - COLOUR dHOSTS. : ' Some years ago a book was published iu this country — we cannot recall its exact title — the purpose of which was the production of ghosts, v Ou its "pages were various represen tations of spectral shapes, printed in extremely brilliant colours on a white ground! Directions were given to fix the eyes intently on these for some momeuts, and then turn them suddenly to a white wall or screen, when the 44 ghost" would appear in the form depicted iu the. book, but of an entirely different coloar. If the picture was red, the spectre on the wall would be green; if the former was yellow, the latter would be blue ; and so on. , , . A similar illusion may be produced by any of our readers in a much simpler, way. Cut a small disk out of white paper and lay it on a black surface. Look at it steadily for a quarter of a minute or so, aud then direct the eye to a white, or, "better,, to a grey surfaoe, as a sheet of grey paper; and you will-see a; dark image of the shape and size of tlie white disk. If a coloured disk is used, tbe after-image, as it is called, will be coloured, but of tlie hue complementary to that of the disk; that is, if the one is green the "other will be purple, if the one is yellow or orange the other will be of a darker or lighter blue, etc. Complementary colours, as most of our readers probably know, are those which, if mixed, will produce white. If the surface is of the same colonr'as the disk, the after-image will be faint 1 and ' whitish ;. if it is of the colour complementary to that of the disk, the image will appear of the same colour intensified. Thus, if the disk is bluish green, aud the gaze is turned from it to a red gronnd, we shall see a 44 ghost" of a deeper and -more brilliant red. - If we look upon a coloured snrface of any other than the complementary hue, the colour .of the after-image will blend with that of the surface. ' For instance, if the object is green and the surface blue, the image will be violet. These phenomena admit of a very simple explanation. When the retina of the eye has been "exposed to a continued impression of one oolonr, it is wearied and becomes less sensitive to that colour. If now.it is exposed to the impression of white light, it will respond more readily to the ; other colours that make up white, that is, -to those which produce the complementary hue. Quite likely some of our readers who have occasion to use red ink have observed that if, after writing with it for some minutes, they change directly to black ink, the latter will at first appear of a distinct green colour. Some eyes are more sensitive than others to these "delusive impressions, but any person can see the complementary colour if he has looked at the other long enough to tire the eye. ' Dr. Bezold, in his 44 Theory of Colours," among many curious thiugs connected with this subject, illustrates the fact that, while if a black object be seen against a coloured ground (as black print on red paper), the blaob, when viewed intently, will show a slight tinge of the complementary colour, the effect is greatly heightened by laying thiu white tissue paper over the surface ; showing tbat 44 an admixture of white light is favour able to the production of contrast." He also notes the singular fact that the various colours which may be given to the' ground differ greatly iu their capability of calling forth the contrasting colours. 44 Green, blue, and violet— in faot, all the. so-called cold colours —will originate very vivid contrasting colours, while this is the case to a much lower degree with red, yellow, and yellowish green." The coloured plates in Dr. Bezold's book illustrate this very vividly, but the reader can produce a similar effect, by putting a disk or figure cut out of black paper or cloth on a bright coloured surfaoe — red, yellow, green, blue, or pnrple — and spreading the white tissue paper over the whole. The variety of hues which the black assumes is Vefy striking, aud tends decidedly to shake one's faith in the popnlar proverb that 44 seeing is believing." We know that the black is black, but we cannot see.it as black, however earnestly we may endeavour to reason ourselves oat of the illusion. — Boston Journal of Chemistry. 