THE NOVELIfT..T aI rA O4JA RANIOLOGIST. C (IRON HIARPER'S NEW MONTHLY MAGA ziNC.) (Continued.) The encounter was so wholly unex- fr jieited that I stood for' a moment look ing at him without the power to utter a word. He was more like a ghost than or a living man. His frame was emaciated O. and resembled that of a skeleton drpss?d M. in black,'and his cheeks were hollow aand d devoid of all color. His eyes had always to been deep set; they were now sun- uO ken' and inflamed to an extent that it so was painful to behold. A last circuml- n stance all at hnce attracted my entire ! ,attention. In his left hand, clasped 'closely to his breast as though to guard ot the repulsive object; was .a human of skull, yellow from age, and with a paper label pasted upon it, apparently sontaining written charaoters. . .'On first seeing me he gave a nervous rtart. He recognized me, however, at 'once, and drawing a long breath, appar- th ently of relief, advanced towards me, holding out his hand, and addressing me ti by my name. " How singular it is that we should 00 meet here in this deserted house I' he Ih said. ' What could have brought you b 'here I' ' I took hisoffered hand, and replied. at . Well, my dear Theack, it does not seem to occur to you that I might with co proplety ask you tbe samoe questioa. I :assure you that my surprise is as great as:your own, if not greater, and there is some ground for it, you must allow, since Pa you:live in New York, while I live in Virgitia.' 'Yea, yes, you are right,"' he said, in dc deep, melancholy voice. ' And then,' I said, pointing to' the " ,kull, and endeavoring to assume a light ti L Anie-; and then conaiderthe mysteriousI 'occupation in which I flid-you engaged, prosecuting your eccentric tastes for c0 -eraniology In this out-of-the-way place ; adding to your collection under circom- W stances 'so strange. As to, my own t presence, I 'am a mere tourist, npassing an-idle hour hero in this house which Ce Swas the residence formerly of a man of some note in Virginia, Governor Spots. as \- wood-a fact with which it is possible di you were unacquainted.' . His melancholy did not relax as I s·apoke.. 'I was well aware of the fact; it induced me to come all the way from S 'Neiw York to visit this house.' ' Indeed I .And may I. ask how te Governor Spotswood, a moan deaal more than a century since, came 'to interest P you, as he plainly does 1' S Yeo, greatly, very greatly,' he replied, in a dreamy voice ' Anid if I had only q known what I should flld in this house, a ,t.in 'that dusty 'loset there, half buried under cobwebs in the darkest corner, s" ahonld have made this journey years ago S,.instead of now.' ''You really excite my curiosity in the lhighest degree, my dear friend;' I said, ' and it would be extremely unkind in ""'yoa to leave it longer ungratifled. I say a this at the risk of appearing intrusive sand even illhred; but remember that c .you were about to give me an explana tion of your strange passion for cran i, iolgiesal studies when I met you in New j ulYork, jats after the war. You were S'p'r?evented, youea will also remember, from telling me what object you had in view "i bythe accident to the little girlrnn over 2y' the street car, and I was unable to !..isee you again. You may now finisht, 39ur sxplanation, and I await it with very great curiosity, I assure yell.' That is natural, Iho said, in a low .volce. I could see that he was / hesitating. ' You have an excellent opportunity 1ý to deliver your views, my 'dear friend,' I' went on, still endeavoring to speak cheerfully, since you htld, I see, in your ," hand what may enable you to illustrate . 'your philosoplhy.' f o. lYes,'" e said, in the santo low, hlsi taling tone. 'Is 'that tile skull of Governor Alex Al x-ander Spotsewood I If so, I shouhl like o :if all things to look at it. I am I' familiar with hli character and career: be was a hardy soldier, a tman of' inflexible resolutiot, as brave as steel. Simperious in character. Iut, as Colonel Byrd tells us, so getoll and tlender in %.l : his family that people laughed at hins and called him uxorious. A piquant assemblage of traits, you most confess ; and I should not be averse to ex amining the head of such an individual, with you at hand to point out the phrenologioal indications.' 'This is not the skull of Governor Spotswood,' was the low reply, in a tone of deep depression. * Whose, then I You, will not be able probably to answer that question. But stop I there is a label-the name, no doubt, of the individual-' I made a movement of the hand to take the skull from hinm, but he suddenly drew back, exclaiming, in a quick, confused tone, * No, no I' As he spoke he tore off with nervous and trembling fingers the scrap of paper, crumpled it up, and put it in his pocket. It was an inner pocket of Isis coat, over his left breast, and as he threw bhack the lapel, I saw that this pocket already wontained a bundle of papers, yellow from ago, and written over with faded ink. For some moments after this singular action Theauk remaind porfooectly silent, his breast heaving, and drawing his breath with evident difficulty. elo was plainly laboring under strong enrotion of solome deao-iption, and was hesitating apparently whether lie should or should not follow some course. At last be shook his head slowly, with a grave, depressed air, and said deliberately, ' All this must excite your curiosity more than it has ever heen excited up io this moment, any friend. I will be frank with you, and say that, some minutes since, I liad nearly resolved to unburden my mind of this whole mysterious matter ; but I must deter the. explanation for the present. In deed, l am not in a physical condition to explain myself : the narrative, to be understood, would necessarily be of some length; and it miight not even suit your own convenience to listen to it.' ' Oh, perfectly I perfectly I Do not iet that dissuade you. .".My visit is one of idle curiosity --my time of. no value whatever.' IHe shook his head anew. I fear I can not. I have scarcely the strength. I have been quite ill, as you may see from manynppearane ; and then-and then- Pardon me, frien l; this painful sublject must be deferred to another time. To be frank with you, my physical: weakness is not the- only obstacole. ' I have hero"-ho laid his hands upon the breast of his coat-"some paperss wiwhio it is necessary for me first to x amine. I have merely glanced at them, and have not ascertained their contents, only that they contain infor mation which I have come hundreds of miles to search for." "You came to look for those papers ' Yes; something tolt me that they must be in existence, atdh I first visited Richmond. There I examined the ohl documents in the General Court which were rescuedfirom the conflagration of the 'city, and the archives of the Citmn monwealth in the clerk's office of the HIottse of Delegaites in thlo'Cpitol. I could find nothilg, nild repaired to Williamsburg, the old colonial capital, where I supposed some ancient tlocu ments might be discovered, but dis covered none. Then, as a last hope, 1 came to this house.' ' What induced you to do so, may I ask?' ' The fact that it was once the resil dence of Governor Spotswood.' ' Of Spotswood?' 'YeC,' he said in a low tone. 'It was during the term of Governor Spotswood, that is, caily in the eighi teentht century, that-that the events I wiselid to examine the record of'took place.' ' And-' 'Yes,' lihe interrupted, speaking In quick and feverish tuses-' yes, I harive at last ieont fortuiato. I have dis covered what I was looking for. I have hero-hore in my breast-what I have longed foryears to secure; But I have not had time to examinel the documents; they may-I can not tell I--I- lIe began to tremble, and, tuirning toward the closet, agait stooped down, and felt cartefully in every dark corner. 'There are no more,' he muttered, 'but perhaps-' lie rose quickly, and in turn ex plored a second closet. e 'Nothing,' he muttered. n lie then passed rapidly by me, care t fully examined the other rooms, which were without closets tnd wholly hare, 'i nid coming out to the top of the stairs, said, 'l'1 hve all the papers the house contains. ' There is nothing down s stairs. Come, lot us go out of this Slonely place; the nit stfles mel' ly IIo'went hastily down stairs as hl I, npoke, and I could seeo from the nanner |k in whihol l grasped the baluistor that 'r Ihe was.very w.onk- prhaltably fromn the so illsess hle hadl mentionedt, I fillowest Itn, andil we loft the hoise, filloowed u.1 the overgreowv pathl, piassoedl tl:rogli Il the gato hlngling Iy its ontlo rusty x. hlingi, itland walkted toiward York Ltwv kl in llence. ll waent on for a hitniihre ns ynatis withoutt sipealling. [ho tthen snl, r:lmoro calily, bit isn i tone of uttue ofI depression, Ai. 'All this .must nocessanrily applnat li strange to the last degroee, fi.elnd, ain in I regret that I cnl not tell you every iuI tlhlI g at once. It is enough for nme ti utI say that I can not do so to-.day. ; promise you one thing, however, that whatever the result may be of my ex , amination of the papers I have dis e covered, you shall sorner or later hear my whole story, and the explanation of r this singular incident-our meeting a here. Pardon my reserve now, and do not think ill of me. I shall return at a once to New York-the boat passes Yorktown at half-past four-it is now just four, I see, and I shall take the night train from' Baltimore.' S Hle carefully wrapped his handker s chief around the skull and walked on, i evidently sunk ill gloomy thought. Ni further allusion was made to the sub ject of our discourse. We reached the a village, sad at four o'clock the York f River steamer made its appearance, t and Hamilton' Theack embarked for f New York. SI have given thus, as fully as was Spossible in so brief t space, all account I of my persnoal relations with Theack, and of our meeting at three distinct places and periods-at Harrard its 1859. at New York inl 1866, and in the neiilh. Sbrhrood of Yorktidwn inl the year 1873. Before proceeding to speak of the second t visit sehicl I paid him in' New York, ill t 1874, when I found him no longer poor Said single, but.married and.living in an elegant mranion, I must copy a' passage from a letter which I'received hi the spring of that year from a friend resid ing in ant old country-house oi York River, and describe it visit which I made to the place in consequence" of this letter. Of the soiewvbat singular pans sage referred to above, the following is an exact cupy. Having mentioned the discovery of all old forgotten drain leadinlg fromt the house toward York River, and noticed the fact that ' the hol!ow echo under the horses' tread.had often made the servants say there was a buried treasure there,'" the writer of the letter thus continued : ' Speaking of hidden treasure, a strange incident occurred here some time since. On the broad bench, a mile or so froli the house, was a large holly-tree, ai very king among trees, being nearly as large as the largest oak I ever saw. The symmetry of its shape was complete. It stooJ almost alone, viewing a sheer of water three miles int expanse, and it had served as a larndrmark for long years to the sailors and oyster-men, who ill return had incrusted its trunk with inmes dlates, nud other marks. It was justly all object of interest to us all, and its rich berries illumined many a Christmas for our household. You may imagine our surlprlee amnd distress wrise, on walking townl to tshw lt iU It friend, we found it green and beuutiful still, but lying preen upon thie earth. A ditcl eight fIet or more in depth i had been dug arounld its roots, anld tile earth inclosed by this circle had been rhid!od through and through as if by iron instruments. Thb tree had con sequently fallen upon its side. This work must have furnished employment I for tmany men during many hours, andr yet no otne knows exactly why it wras done. We made mrany unquiries, but with little result. A brig had been seen' in tile river a day or two [Ibeforel], but she took neither oysters or grrain. Tile' negroue say that at night her crew dug up a hlrge ttr' on tlhe adjoin ing farm, and .remarked that'they had made a misettke. A young whlte mano of reliahble character simply states that wi?nn he saw our tree lying onlt its side, he examined it, and found aRn imprese sion in tile ehrtlh under tile roots, as if ia square 'chest iid' been remodved It had raitned Ibeforut' lie saw ithe true. The negroes saty they heard It called a treasure tree, but had never thought tiuch tibout it' ;And;, this, is all we knowlof it.' 'This, pasjage grestly excited my S 'uriosty., ,' I iivo .alyitnys fdlt a keen iltterest:in the eubjeat,of?biinled tree: sure, 'and -'am a sntisfied. that i large tu nioutntsof mdney wore reallyhllddetl ct tcuritin 'spots along tthi' Atlantic coast by the nold wi matilters o'f the I eightoeelth centlury. Titho letter, pro. I unceild a strong effect upon my mind; 1 t had ahulodant leisure it tile moment; a irnd I resolved to visit the spottwhtero tite holly-treeo had stood, and endeatvor to discover the clew to the mysterious overthrow of tllis nncient laItndlark. The York River Railway took me to k West Point, where I emharked on lthe steamboat, and it few hours afiorward I was put off. at Ian old wharf, and walked to toy friend's ihouse, where I swas cordlirly welcomed. I inlformed him of the object of any visit, ill whicl he warmly encouraiged me, annd on tihe next morning he wenlt to the locality lwhich I had ennc o to uxnlrine-the Salto where the lholly-tree had stood, a e sort of phlteau risitig above the bench oin a Inarrow tongue of land, frinm Swlich was ohtailed a superb view of is the great river, here neiarly or quiti i three miles wide. Thie holly lay where it full. It was it tree of enormoulls Ssize, uind evidelontly of great ago, pur l' tirlly hollow, but still green arnd at aturdy. The roots wero hugeo. and to protrudetd ipwar andit sidwiase, after ,i wveird filshioln; ut it portiou still re dinaiueil i thel grol'oll, tire resilit of hwhiich wais that tile folinlu ief thie tr'cer Iy wasu still flech andi greri. 'T'he diltch Stracid aroUnrdi it was ieerfchtly heti'eld, 5i pite oh' riiUaI'tpUIII ritnt whriclh lud ii t fllenl, and it was easy to ltuati. out tire ur iperfiratlors in tile lnterior, wall oi urtlh, tle ipeculinar itpperatnuce of whict ar lolt io idoubt in ilny inid thlat they l had beon mriun by n shartp listrumert, y- with tile view of dlscoverlng whtlthe to sounto object was not buried immedi. I te'ly beteatll tlCo trunk of the tree t Having satisflled myself of the ac- tl curacy of my friend's account so far, I c proceeded, in a mood of highly excited a interest, to examine the cavity beneath a Sthe upturned roots, into which Ila scrambled down. The result left no ft question that something in the shape ri of a square chest had been buried a beneath the tree. Not only were the i sharp traces still plain in the earth, but i what was still more conclusive, the o hbse of the tree itself and the interior at of the roots bore tile distinct impress el of the object. After a careful inspec. le tion, I etuld come to but one conclu- st sion, namely, tllnhat i long time before, hr and probably when tile tree wias small, m an opening had been hollowed out di. vi rectly beneathll it, that in tllis cavity a bj box of iron or some other duratble sub- e stance hatd bleen inserted, and tlhat the fi roots af tile tree had gradually envel-. e oped the box, taking the impression of sie its sharp outline. The box was gone, w bult there were tile roots with its I stamp upon tllem and the marks in nt earth. Having all ordinary two-foot hi rule with me, I measured thleso marks re without difficulty.' They indlieted ti that tile. chest Ihad beeli four feet six It, inclhes long, and three feet six inches dt wide; tile depth could not be occur- di ately determined, but . had probably tih been about three feet, or perhaps a it little more. -laving terminated this first exami nalion of the locality of the strangoe incident, I came up out of the cavity th and looked around. .I confess I did F. so in that state of mind which is de- ,,, cribed by the word dtazcd. What U was the nenaninig 'of all 'tlis? If the fi incident lhad taken place In the Middle D Ages, when rmunnte,and mystery were i, no much in vogue, i tiiight have felt ar less surprise ; but to have such an at incident,ocour in the nineteenth century, in tile commonplace and pro- w saic year 1874, wtas startling. There ki was .before me plain evidence of the hi fitct that a party of men had stolen , silently to this spot unlder the cover w of darkness, laboured for hours, it burrowedo under the great holly, and st borne off a chest conlaining something, li, and disappeared. Who were those cc men, and what did the chest contain ? o, How did they knlow, or why did they T suplpose, that any such object i was buried beneath the tree ? Whence al haid they come,. whither had they ,l gone, and what did the whole mean ? i I went to and fro, backward and so forward, over the whole ground in the in vicinity of the tree, without making rc ithe least discovery. After two hours w thus rpont. I g..o up the. Inrvenaig' a Lion, and resolved to return to the a house. . It occurred to me, hIowteor, to In stroll down to a little cove in sight, in wlhore I thought it probable that. th v party had landed, and here, half btried in the sand, over which the waves went and came, I suddenly observed a small it glittering object, sad at once hastened at towards it, a vague instinct telling me thalint I would find at last a clew to th;is nocturnal mystery. I was;:not. mis r taken. ..I picked .up the..object, and II saw thaClint it was a small golden licket. Something iin its appearance seemed fiamiliar: and, opening it, I eaw'l.et it was the m iniature showed me by Hamil ton Thenck when I' visited him at .is tffiee in Now York-tllatoifi;e beitiu-. tilil young girl with whsom he was-.so passionately in love with. a - Thl, dilscovery. incitedl in m? n tari bounded astonlshment. Whati:con- it inection could my friend Humiltoi n, Tllohenck -have ,wlith tllhs party' of marauders, appareltly searching"l'foi' burled treasure? ilnd lie been piresent? i? If so, wlhat haid induced him to imane a tillhis shiluar soerch? If present, ,hei had probabtly been. the leader bft the ft party.. If the leader, then, no duihit; i it 'hind originated and otganlsed,:tlle so whole afliti'r. What ihad led Ill todo ft so? What was liifre6bjEit?j1 Whliat haid he expected to Itl?' IfPAy had ii lie expected to find any thing? nitil what, if nny;:,thiig,. lihid ' hoe .ound? "1 I These questions cthased themselves through my mind,.and the mystery * eemied only:l toi become deeper as I pointered.' Thlere was the tree'lying, stout ind lusty still, upon the oenlrli where no wind could e ave il it tller:e were t'lio marks of picks and the sharp outlino of the clhest. Tllere, lastly, was .the locket, whicl sail as plainly as if it haid uttered the words, i Hlm iltcn Thench has visited this spot.' Th'lere could be no reaeonablo doubt of the fact. The locketlhad always been gulnlded carefully on hIls person, ando, coult only have left it Iy neideut-ill tilthe urry, any, of emnbnrkilg or dile. embllarking in itirkness. Htd I found ailly other object connecting hn til litb tile ilcidlent, I nlmight ve doubted- a letter, slly, or tlhe envelolpe of a letter nddrshir ed ' IhI nillon 'rTheick.'. Suchl Sani inieo t iniglht hliav beell odd, but O otlling more. A letter may be drolpped from a paleing steintier, andi tile tblu might wash it ashore lit illy point. But I haid not foundit a letter: I Ihad initid tile locket whichh I know tmy friend never nllowed to leilve Iis plerson. Tllen--I chnao round finally to that conchision--tlon ie hIntdl ac' - olinilptinle ti is pltty of nnkltoWn per soilse who elnto andt went iCt silence lie it was tlo. In i all probnhlilty, ihad tbeen tlhe leodclr itd heatd ol thie singultin cxpledltion. * i I eahiltitcd the locket to niy frielld y It- , and, thiuking it unttncensltry to t, take hin into ity coinifIdlece, nakeid hiu r if hie had ever soaot the'origiltn of tlhe Il. nhititturo, or knew wtonl it was ihu. s. tended to reurosent. He replied ihat the face was wholly unknown to him certainly the likeness was not that of any young lady in Gloucester County or the region around Yorktown. After a now search, which resulted in nothing further, we went back to the hospitable residence of my friend; and when, after a visit of a few days, during which I igain visited the fallein tree, Ireturned I home, I took the locket with me. It is "unnecessary to say that I designed re storing it to Hamilton Thleack; and I came nlear doing so by inclosing it in a letter, with an account of the circum stances under which I found It. This, however, seemed unsafe. and I deter mined to wait until I made a projected t visit to Richmond, in order to send it t by express. Thin visit was uo expectedly delayed, and meanwhile i c found that business required my pre nonce in New York. I therefo,re re solved to preserve the locket, to take it I with me to New York, to call ont Dr. ) HaImilton Theack in his smalli office near the Park, and after restoring to a him his precious treasure, demand in i return for its recovery a fall explana- t tion of.every mystery connected with t Ilia study ol cratniology, his visit to the deserted house near Yorktown, and tlhe discovery of the locket, half buried itn the sand oil the banks of York River, a near tile fallen tree. My visit to Now York was delayed until October of the same year, 1874. I tlhen arrived by the nigllt train from I the soutih, which reachles Jersey City Ferry allout daylight; and going to my aceustomed ands favorite hotel, near Union Square, made my toilet, break fasted, and then set out first of all for Dr. Theack's office. I remembered tihe street itnd locality perfectly well, and went straight to the spot. The small sign with ' Dr. Hamilton Theack' upon it had disappeared, and the room was occupied by anlother person, who knew nothing whatever in regard to Ili predecessor. Tile disappointment was so unitxpeoctd that I scarcely kneow what course to pursue. The brilliant idea, however, occurred to me to con suit a directory. I returned to my Y hotel and asked for this useful. pibli cation, and turning to the' letter T, at once discovered that Dr. Hamilton e Theack resided at- No. - West c Twenty-third Street. Half an hour i afterward I ascended the stepst of the a elegant residence indlicated by; tlih directory. A silent and doferential servant promptly appeared and itook v my card. I was shown into a aw~iring room where every object Itdicated wealth and taste, and five minutes afterward Hamilton Thenak came with t a bounding stop into the apartment, s lholding out both hands, and exclaim ing, joyfully, ' My dear friend, your visit is a treat indeed.' : . I looked at him with, perfect as tonisliment. I am certain that if I had met him casually on. Broadway, I t should itever 'hanvo"recognised him I His fieco wfsic n'lo~n'goir tlhln;pale, and woe-begone.; I had grownt plump andl ruddy,-andl lls expression" was hiugh 1ng andljoyous..l The emaciated frimno iad" undlergoije? a elnil?rt' tnetamor phosise, It .no . longer. .resembled'- t a skeloeton'draped: in sombre black, but ) wasas tout, well developed, and Ihe was droessed in; a hbaideome 'brown suit ot tie laist fashion. On,O tis finger I saw I a diamond solitaire of groat .valuo, and attoilere spatkled from thel folds of Ilia t rich ilk crhavat. :"I:railton TTlteack Ihadl evildently', beronio an iatogether I new being,' physlcally ind morinally, and I looked 'at him with an astonllshment I whclil I' coild iot conceal, aid' whichl hie jlhlnlyobese vod.il ,, - I '.I understand' , ho. sau, ll lghing: 'you' aito plzzling your braiin, my diletl fri' ledt to'xIp laitn to yourieatlfnctlon Itow you find your old companioat, once so. poverty.strickeit, liiing lp 11t com fortable estnllishinent wearing rdspet- Snbiol iltlihftgng;,'tdil eiijoylif? -this life a litt e--are- you not?' }.,t,- I` I confessto, sore osurprise, ,my dear T'htiack?-I nteed not' add, to very great pleasureif:dowever';in ?iddition' SOftIhiit I am iquits celdailn. You went to my.ol olud o 6did:;i not?' 'Yes.' --- I ...__ "' I hlidvive i"6t ocuped;It forltmenths. n?I, flt, I Jiuve itno oic],' ,tiltecon template retitring fiom plraotice' and visiting Ftropo withl'Mrs. Thesel..2 " e trs. Thenuktlthere Is ai Tlenek; tlhbin?' -" UiqniestiontlythIyAlnerd is a"Mrs; T llenuk,' he ieaughled. ? 'And si?he is-that-o Is.to say, sith w -I avsi ' a ' Tlhe original of the mliuatitro I once showed you--yes' and its exacat counterpart. Ofthliiat yil slal jndgoe. Ile rose a ree anld rang "a bell, whlio),'? its nnswored in n'aomeilt by"'the defe;ren. tial attendant'wli bind radl mitted me.:. ' James,'; said hit ;inster, ithlform t Mrs. Thenak that a ,very old friend 0 lils called to sea Ilme, anid that I wish t io:present'lilm to her. , Y Yes, Sitr.' - Aind the door closoed. llonk thdn Y resumed his seat, tant sail, ,I . SYoui must emcdeavor to remember Sthe face of the inittuLre, in otilt?i'o contpnro it with the orlgtlit).' i \- WhVy should yiii not show it to nme 0 tgatli?' I stll ' Ihnt woutll vu:n mu " t llloe exrlco of tiy imagliatilnt."' . nII *ltit sorry to say i1 ult not I have h ad the ,Iisfortittisu to lose IL I Itow, 1 nii wltlly utlaile to eip'lhni, t Iullless thle rllbon to whlIlch 1t was at it ticled gave sway, sand it droppud i withtut tny knowledslb.' h flow long. slmeeo '. at I You seem inteototedlln the: mtni . tore. :Well, I missed it-let me see after a journey which I made, some tiine last spring.' 'I am truly sorry you hnave lost It.' 'And I too, I assure you; but I never expect to. see it again.' I might have told him that I had the miniature in my pocket, where I had guarded it carefully since picking I it up on the beach of York River; but I there was time enongh to explain all I this, and I did not wish to precipitate matters. ' Well,' I sanid, 'so you are married, I prosperous in your fortunes, and inl vigorous health, my dear Thenck-all i that quite delights me, and I must add that your appearanceand surroundings i at the proesent moment are in vivid 1 contrast to your pale face, and the rather sombre spot where our last I meeting took place-the deserted r house near Yorktown. I need not toll I you, my dear fellow, that all this re qnires an explanation; and while you t are thus engaged you may as well take up the broken thread, which' you have n twice dropped, of that other oexplana. a tion--' 'Of my passion for craniology?' 'Yes.' 'And the particular object of my t studies?' ' Precisely.' 'I promise you not to delay a full explanation of every thing now. The r thread shall riot break in my hands a again. You willdine with me to-day, n will you not? Yea? T'lhen you shall I know all you wish to know, "over the r walnutsand the wine."' t A light step wis heard coming down e theostaircase, and the rustle of a lady's i dress; the door opened, and in came i the living original of the beautiful e miniature. Mrs. Theack was a young lady of about twenty-five, blonde, blue eyed, and with a face full of the most e winning smiles, I was presented to I her as an old friend, and she held out a I small white hand with charming grace. 'I scarcely require an introduction,' she said; 'Dr. Theack has spoken of you a thousand times, Sir. Bolieve me, I am.very glad to see you.' N, Nothing, could be. simpler or more cordial. I resumed my sent; we entered into general conversation; andti dinner was at last- announced-an array of every dielicacy of the 'season, served in a large and elegant apartment, presided over byasilent and respectful waiters in white gloves, who came and waon6 ao thouIIh oIud with Lns shoes Of silence. As night fell, lights were lit, Mrs." Theack retired with smiles to the drawing-room, and her husband and myself were left alone over. the wine. 'Now for my story,' said Theaek, entering without ceremony on the subject. 'I know that you are more than willing, my friend, to lot politics, the opera, the new books, and- other topios:.wait, and listen to my. personal narrative; ard you not ?' ._Let us loose siglrt of one and all, and come to the narrative, I beg you.' 'Amid' begin at tlie beginning; that'is to say, 'my-dear frilend, tell me all that you .choose. to tell. EYou will- not wearyj me, I piomioje you. .,'LiThen I ,shall go back to my earliest recollection' li said, ledanilig hback in his chair, and speaking in a muasing tone. 'These recolloutiois wivll !not iletain us loiig,.and :re necessary to an Intelligent comnprehonslon of my story. I was borni, I thoe Isle of Nevis, one of the Leewartd IIslands, In ithe c West Indies, my fatheir coming of a Bretoin fimnily' named + Thhce;`.'` angliciled Into Theack, and.. my iother of, the same. family- wlith Alexondei Hamil. ton, killed;v- not -- far ;, from thsis b6iicihedre ie niiow sit; by Burr in a duel. I remember the Isls of 1evis very well, particularlythle vast?.rock rising thousands- of foot above the son, andt t:my"motlter'aslittleo hiouse, meh.re she lived in greatt,povoty.:' Site was a widow, and. I was ian ionly, child.,- I was happy, but as I grew to bolyhood, I'noticed o i'-tlilng whlichmade me first thoughtful; nnd then "when I came to-understand -it, deeply melaocholy. ,lhiis?Wnr tra the, fant.t ,ttlhe famillies of .thelslaad Iiving.t in our. nelghborhood I soeemldto"nvold my mothbr, And took .tiio -ntice dofmeo,or if?they did so; soem'e to look at. mo in an singularly ' ormnfulimnatiier, as Iif there was some taint'about me,1'arnd I was an object of coniteomi. 'Wlhat could It memi? At y filst I'was o o'younug to tlako prbttliculr notice of.this lstrange soclil ostrnolesm. s I was aware of it, without realising Its t exact meaning, molh.less the e plnnns ' t loof It.: ', Bnt 'h i:I grow: olleor it be. s came mo ro nd more iipnretit; pressedl iiioreo.ind moeio liierlily uupon me, alid xcilted in mu'motre anld more a vague, a mystealous - uneasiness,- a n. sort of J nervous dread,;'is of enomoeesret dis. Ii grace which attachedl i, thle iyus of our ,nelghbors, to :minelf ind my -motiher.: S''Thlugs weit o tlihus itil' I' was sixteeon years of age, and then Imy. Ie ir r mtttltler.'·wn taken ivery I ll, and lhe; SphysIclani snid shlt'cauld tun ieeuover. Thlis wits my B frst depu dltferlng Ih SIlll' relnd I 'u reit~iblAhrowvlilg miyself i ,Int agoniy on, the bed nule' liei" arn weelpfig pissionuloey, as I kieirnl her Ilior tlhin hand,' and ltohlt heri 1 cunlt nt liv hl e Illiou her. 'Sit-' iulkedl at Seo' wllh ee funll ol lender tiurs. andi t. lutrlnured 'My poor, pnolr chllhl, you d will liveo--it is not very goodl to lve in the Isle of Nevis at lenst--lor nus- but--' . -*Her voice tfailed her as shl tlism spoke, and a long ailence followed. I was thinking of her words, which I could not undersiand, and at last said, ''Why should it not be good for us -for you and me-to live here, mother?' ' 'Her face had been flushed by fever, but the color now faded out of her cheeks, and again she looked at me, with her former expression of deep tenderness. She did not speak, and I could see from the dreamy glance in her eyes that her mind was wander ing. "' Why should we not live hera, mother? Dear, dear mother, tell me what this means. Why you, who are so good, so like an angel, should thus bo-' '' , shadow seemed to pass over her forehead, and reverting to the language of her early years, for she was from France, sihe muttered, "' A'ous summes maudits-mauditr, mon file!' ' These were her last words, ' We are cursed, my son.' A few moments afterward she expired, and I was alone in the world-a poor boy of sixteen, without a relative or friend on earth. ' Two years passed, and gradually the deep wound caused by my mother's death healed. Heaven is merciful, and sends its balm. I greow more cheerful, but there still was that vague, myste rious air in every one I met. All avoided me, looked sidewise at me, and seemed to regard me with loathing. I was soon to ascertain what all this meant now. There was a planter on the island who lind a very beautiful daughter, for whom I conceived a boy ish fondness. Site seemed to return my anfection-lt could scarcely be called love-and when we met, which was always by accident, in some rural spot, her face smiled, and the few.words site uttered were full of sweetness. Well, one day I was sitting in may poor house, when her father knooked.at the, door, entered, and I could see frbm the Inweriue, expression of his countenance that lie was enraged. His errand was soon told. I had formed or was form ing an intimacy with his daughter, he said, with a scowl; it should go no further. I was to understand, once for all, that no daughter of his should even speak to a person like myself. I must have turned quite pale at this in- sulting speech of the old man--he was nearly seventy-and said, 'What is your meaning, Sir? Am I a convict, that no one can even apalb. to ml?' "' You are-do you mean you do not know it?' 'He stopped. "' [ am-am what?' I said. "' You are the grandson, or the greatgrandson, of a pirate-of the notorious ThAeack' 'These words struck me like a blow in thie face. I groaned, and could make no answer at first. I then. ex-- olaimed, "'The grandson of a pirate - ITam.. descended from a pirate/' "'Yes, and one of the most lii-- famous of the whole gang that onee in fested these waters. Every "infamy.. was charged upon him, and in public official' docsments. He was from-" HayLi, and his son or grandson oamerns hero to Noevis to escape. the disgrace attached to the name. Now you know why I forbid. you to speak to my: daughter. I warn you not to db, so again, or-' ' He looked fiercely at me, went out,... and. mountingg hiis horseo, rode away. Well, I set still for the rest of that day and during a great part of tlhe night,.. reflecting. Tremember mystunned feel ing, and how my mind seemed to stag-- ger under the load of my disgrace. Thlis, then; was the explansstion, of" those scornful glances of the neigh-.. bhrs, of my mother's melancholy, and of her last words, ' We are cursed, my. ion.' :Before morning I had made .up-. my mind what course to pursue, and. hadl pticked up my poor offects, taking. special -care to forget' nothing which. had belonged to my mother. -I thoen went to Charlestown, and called on a.. mdoey-lenider of the place. What amount, I-asked, would Ihe lend me on my small property, or would-ho buy. t.?9 TI.. ... ..o- hoolty, saw hlsat.. I was despernte,eand offeredi to buy.tho property outright; offering me about. one-third of its; value.,?I accepted without a word,·ixeLutedn a deed.for. the tract, received tlie money,, antlL went to the whisaf Ito look for a'ship-. about to salil-in -what direetion was a.. matter of indtfflrance to me.A Aschooner' wtie Jfist loiidledawith rtim,' sugar,.nod. molasses, and nhout to seot ot for.New. York. I inquli-ed if I could obtain a. p oaaggU onl lier; was hnswerol In, thle itfrliuntive. Misly p?acklgess tere sent. on boanrd at daylight, and '-nu- hour afterwvrd the seholitier was goi-ig. insolei fiull sall tinorthward, :The voy-. ago - was raphl, titJ inI due time tihe rodsel reachehd Nou w York, I took tlte Illtst hidgings 1 found, moved my efiectS into the stualtl ehslntber, ailt trying by. it resolute effort of tIhe will to banish from my memollry my whole past life,, reso.ied to bregis ni luwexistance if I esoslilt'io pursile sodio linoratblo um. .ploynlhist, to lio ity duty as an honest " sItnsiit n tll ie,whieon ity tine citiAe, free tit;iti tIt least leronatl diszgrneo or S (''o be conrinsled.) 