MODERN THOUGHT. Br the REV. J. O'MALLET, S.J. XXVI. Eoboam. The wisest man the world ever saw, was led by the fatal passion of impurity to commit the greatest folly the world ever saw. Well might he have sad forebodings as to the son he was about to leave after him as heir. How could he hope he should prove wiser than himself ? Being like to have an heir after me whom I know not whether he will be a fool or a wise man, and he shall have rule over all my labours with which I have laboured and have been solicitous : and is there anything so vain ?" (Eccles. ii., 18,19.) Even if a father has attended sedulously to the education of his children and given them an excellent example, they may turn out badly; but what is to be expected when he has given them bad example? Solomon's son Roboam was soon offered an opportunity of proving what sort of man he was, and he proved himself to be the fool hia father feared. In order to defray, the expenses of the magnificent Temple, and to maintain the palaces for his wives, Solomon had been compelled to levy enormous taxes on tha Israelites. As long as there was merely question of the Temple, the people had given with open hand and heart; but naturally, they chafed at having to pay so dearly for the support of idolatry and impurity: and the office of collecting the taxes was irksome, and, perhaps, dangerous. Solomon's keen eye recognised in a young man, named Jeroboam, rare abilities, and he appointed him to this delicate post. Jeroboam j ustified tha king's discernment, by filling his coffers, and yet preserving the esteem of the people whom he was stripping of their wealth. One day, as the young tax-gatherer was leaving Jerusalem, the prophet Ahias stopped him, and cutting his cloak into twelve portions, presented him with ten, as a sign that he was to rule over ten of the tribes of Israel: two only—Juda and Benjaminbeing left to the house of Solomon. Solomon, with the customary folly of tha wicked, instead of humbly submitting to God's will, and thereby disarming His wrath, endeavours to defeat His purpose.' He attempts to slay Jeroboam. Jeroboam retires beyond his reach, and waits. '' And Solomon slept with his fathers....and Eoboam reigned in his stead.... but Jeroboam ....hearing of his death, returned out of Egypt, (xi., 43 ; xii., 2.) The people now resolve to implore in respectful terms of the new king, a slight diminution 'of their heavy imposts, and tha popular tax-gatherer is selected as the most suitable spokesman. The request was so reasonable, and so humbly conveyed that no deliberation as to the answer was required. But Roboam told them he needed three days to deliberate. Tne aged advisers of his father, on being consulted, tell hiin to yield at once, and with gentle words. But like many others, who seek advice, merely in order to be advised to do what they have set their heart on, he addressed himself for more congenial counsel to his youthful companions. Bich, thoughtless, spendthrift, apparently without any religious training, they entertain for the oppressed people the most lordly contempt. They bid him tell the petitioners that instead of lightening their yoke he will add to it, and that whereas his father had scourged them with whips, he will scourge them with scorpions." Roboam was only the fourth king of the Israelites. God Himself had once been their King. To think that they had set Him aside for such a king as this! The foolish prince actually gives the people this wantonly insulting reply ; and by way of showing that he does not mean to indulge in idle threats, he sends Aduram to gather the taxes. " And all Israel stoned him, and he died. Wherefore King Roboam made haste to get up into his chariot, and he fled to Jerusalem." {xii., 18.) Jeroboam is immediately proclaimed king of the ten tribes of Israel, assigned him by Almighty God. Roboam, as might be expected, resists trod s appointment, and prepares for war. B™ God expressly commands him to desist, and wonderful to relate he has sufficient sense to obey! 'I'M K SCHISUC. From this moment the Israelites were divided into two kingdoms—Israel and Juda. Sometimes they united to repel the oommoa foe; sometimes they warred on each other. 260 years later the ten tribes are carnea off into captivity; and from this moment they disappear in history. The kingdom ot Juda still subsisted for 133 years whentaie people were carried captive to Babylon. the captivity, Juda had no more tangs, but the nation remained, and remains to tkiscwy- Thev are scattered all over the face of W earth, they are mingled among aUnataoM, bat they axe absotbed. toy none :-a poiat m whioh the Irish stronglyresemble them, as the end of the Donay ,y«y oms, which I would recommend to my readers. Instead' of dealing with both Metaiies*simultaneously, as is done »tM BibU, I shall first deal with, that of Israel, , ^ -with that of Juda. Various Senates are given of the chronology of ^distant times. I shall follow that of Dr. Welte. KINGS OF ISRAEL. Nsmesi Jeroboam !• Ela 2ambri Amri OcboBias Joram Jehu Joas Jeroboam IL triterngnw Zachariae.. Solium Manahem.. Phaceia .. Phacee Interregnum, Oeee Yrs. of World. BeforeChiist Years of To From To Beign. 3184 3206 981 959 22 320(5 3208 959 957 2 3208 3232 957 933 24 3232 3234 933 931 2 3234 931 7 days 3234 3246 931 919 12 3240 3268 919 897 22 3FLFI8 3270 897 895 2 3270 3282 895 883 12 3282 3310 883 855 28 3310 3327 855 838 17 3327 3343 838 822 16 3343 3384 822 781 41 of about 104 yrs. 3395 770 6 mths. 3395 770 1 mth. 3395 3405 770 760 10 3405 3407 760 758 2 3407 3427 758 738 20 of about 8J yrs. 3435 3444 730 721 9 In appointing Jeroboam king, God made the usual stipulation of fidelity, and the usual promise of assistance. Jeroboam was to walk in His ways as " His servant David had done," and He was to build Jeroboam up a faithful house as He had done for David. " And Jeroboam said in his heart: ' Now shall the kingdom return to the House of David. If this people go up to olfer sacrificcs in the House of the Lord at Jerusalem, and the heart of this people will turn to their lord Roboam, the King of Juda, they will Mil me and return to him.' And finding out a device he made two golden calves, and said to them: ' Go ye up no more to Jerusalem: Behold thy gods, O Israel, who brought thee out of the land of Egypt.' And he set the one in Bethel, and the other in Dan;" i.e., one in the south, between the kingdom of Israel and that of Juda, and the other in the north, (xii., 26, sq.) God had the patience to send the impious ing a solemn warning. As he was one day ffering incense, a Prophet of the true God ppeared. He foretold the retribution which as one day to overtake the false Priests, nd at his word the altar was rent. Undisayed by the prodigy, the idolatrous king tretched out his hand to seize him. But it ithered, and he could not draw it back. horoughly humbled, lie implored the rophet to restore it to him, and his prayer as granted. On his way home the Prophet fell into a ault, which, but for its punishment, would ot have seemed to be a fault at all. Being nvited, on his way home, by an old Prophet, o break his fast, he declares that God has xpressly forbidden him to do so. The old rophet assures him that an angel has revealed to him that God has removed the prohibition. Confiding in this assurance, he yields; but during the meal, his host, inspired by God, warns him that he is to be punished for his disobedience, and on his way home he is slain by a lion. Probably he allowed himself to be persuaded, because he felt weak and hungry. Men believe readily what they wish to be true. The old "Prophet" may not have had the gift of prophecy habitually, though it was momentarily granted him, during the meal, that he might announce to his guest the fate that awaited him. He was probably a religious-man, leading a retired life, like the Prophets over whom Elias and Eliseus presided. In his anxiety to induce the man of God to stay he had recourse to a grave falsehood. Though, apparently, the only one culpable, he is not punished, and the other is. But who will venture to call God to an account for wliat He does ? All docs not end with this life. God seems to have wished to signify that idolatry had so contaminated the land that even to eat or drink there, was, for His Prophet, a species of defilement. "After these words Jeroboam came not back from his wicked way; but, on the contrary, he made of the meanest of the people priests of the high places; whosoever would, and he was made a priest of the high places, (xiii. 33.) In the midst of his impious career, a heavy bV>w falls. His eon is smitten with sickness. When he wanted to keep his subjects irom adoring God in Juda, he told them that the golden, calves had delivered them from Egypt; but when death stalked into his house, he knew the golden calves could not drive him out/ He therefore directed his Vile to change her dress, and go to the aged Prophet Aliias, who had announced to iiim his election to the throne. He was audacious enough to appeal to the God he had outraged, and foolish enongli to suppose that the holy man would know whether the ohild Would live or die, bat would not know of the intended deceit I Bat the Prophet addresses her by name, foretells the death of the child as she re-enters the city, declares that the whole house of Jerolioam shall be cut ofi: that this child alone shall be placed in the Mpolchre, and that " them that shall die of Jeroboam in the city, the doge shall eat; and that them that die in the fields, the birds of the air shall devour, for the Lord hath «poVen it." (xiv. 11.) . , There is something appalling in the folly, ^gratitude and impiety of ft"" man. He forgets God's promises. He thinks he can outwit "Him. He has not the smallest I e ®oree about plunging the souls of his P^PPy fellow-countrymen into eternal jjjnnents, provided he secure for a few years we kingdom which Ged had promised to secure for him. And the outcome of his crime is that he reigns 22 years, and that, 2 years after his death, his son Nadab is slain and his whole race exterminated! It would have been better to have trusted in God. Nadab. " And Jeroboam slept with his fathers, and Nadab reigned in his stead. (20.) And he did evil in the sight of the Lord, and walked in the ways of his father, and in his sins wherewith he made Israel to sin. And Baasa, the son of Ahias of the house of Issachar conspired against him, and slew him . . . and reigned in his place . . . and cat ofi all the house of Jeroboam : he left not so mnch as one BOO! of his seed, till he had utterly destroyed him, according to the word of the Lord." (xv. 26, sq.) Baasa " did evil before the Lord, and walked in the ways of Jeroboam, and in his sins wherewith he made Israel to sin." (31). The Prophet Jehu is commissioned to foretell the same fate to Baasa's house. " Him that dieth of Baasa in the city, the dogs shall eat; and bim that dieth of his in the country the fowls of the air shall devour, (xvi. 4.) Ela followed the example of his wicked father (xvi. 13), and he slew the Prophet Jehu for' having ventured to predict the fate of his house. But murdering the holy man did not avert the doom. For, Zarnhri, who/was captain of half the horsemen, " slew all the house of Baasa, and he left not one thereof. . . . Zambri reigned seven days in Thersa. . . . And all Israel made Amri their king, who was general over Israel that day. And Amri went up, and all Israel with him . . . and they besieged Thersa. And Zambri, seeing that the city was about being taken, went into the palace, and burnt himself with the king's house; and he died in his sinB, which he had sinned, doing evil before the Lord, and walking in the way of Jeroboam, and in his sin wherewith he made Israel to sin." (9, sq.) Short as was his reign he lost no time in abusing his power. What kings! Each one exterminates his predecessor for his 6ins, and then commits worse himself, and is in his turn exterminated. Amri. "And Amri did evil in the sight of the Lord, and acted wickedly above all that were before him." (25.) Achab. " And Achab, the son of Amri, did evil in the sight of the Lord above all that were before him. Nor was it enough for him to walk in the sins of Jeroboam, the son Nabat, but he took to wife Jezabel, daughter of Ethbaal, king of the Sidonians. And he went and served Baal and adored him. . . And Achab did more to provoke the Lord God of Israel than all that were before him." (30, sq.) As we shall see, he was not without occasional good sentiments. But he was one of those wretched, weak characters whose wickedness is not measured by their own depravity, but by the evil desires of all who rule them. God affords him many an opportunity of giving up his evil ways, but even though he occasionally evinces a disposition to abandon them he always yields to the fatal influence of the impious Jezabel. The illustrious Prophet Elias threatens him with a drought which is to last for several years. Apparently the king is not moved by the threat. The Prophet is commanded by God to retire to the torrent Carith, which falls into the river Jordan. Here he is miraculously fed by ravens till the torrent dries. God next sends him to a poor widow of Sarepta, who, with her son, i6 on the very brink of starvation. She shares with the prophet her pittance of meal and oil, and in reward of her confiding charity, neither runs short. Her son dying, she is further rewarded by his being restored to life. Catholics believe that Elias, in stretching himself upon the body of the dead child three times, did so in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Of course, I merely mention the fact, without attempting to draw any inference * r< God had not specified how many years the drought was to last. Far from being properly humbled, " there is no nation or kingdom whither Achab does not send to seek Elias • and when all answered : ' He is not here'' he took an oath of every kingdom and nation, because EliaB was not found." (xviii., 10). That is, he made ihem swear they 'would give him up if he fell into their hands. But, notwithstanding, God makes the first advance. He sends Elias to ^It'was just the moment when Achab, reduced almost to despair, had summoned the governor of his house, and commissioned him to go forth in one direction, while he himself weut in another to look for water for the cattle /—He does not seem to have thonght so much of thehaman beings. This governor, was a holy man, named Abdias, who, when Jezabel was slayingjthe Prophets of the Lord, hid a hundred M them and fed them. The fact of saoh a man being in Auhab's house is one of the few indications of good dispositions we find in Abhab. Elias charges the governor to inform the king that he is ooming, "And Aohab came to meet Elias, and when he had Been him, he said: 1 Art thon he that troableth Israel ?'" We are at a loss what to be most astonished and horrified at—hiB audaoity in overlooking his own enormities, and in charging the man of God with troubling Israel, or his folly in supposing that any man could of himself olose up the fountains of heaven I fgiinn boldly answers that it is Aohab's own wickedness which troubles Israel, and orders him to gather alT the false prophets against him, the ; only true Prophet of the Lord. Although it'Is not stated, we nuut understand that this was the condition on which the rain waB to be procured. 