THE SIGN OF THE CROSS; OB, TEE GEMS AND GLORIES OF AH ANGLICAN, NO-POPXBY CANON ; BEING POSTCBIM No. 2 TO SUNDBY LETTERS ADDRESSED TO AN ANGLICAN KECTOB, 70 Blank-street, Melbourne, 29th September, 1877. My DEAR SIB,—Mazeppa'S ride, and John Gilpin's ride, and Dick Turpin's ride, and Leonora'8 ride, were remarkable rides in their way, but I think the ride of Sir Hubert Carey has hardly had its full share of ad miration, or of historic or poetic justice. This gallant cavalier set out '' post haste" from Richmond Palace a few minutes after Queen Elizabeth had expired on the floor of her bedroom. In that restlessness which so often precedes dissolution, her Majesty had her mattress lifted down and her bed placed on the floor, and there she gave up tbe ghost. The brave knigbt was in the saddle very soon after, and his high mettled horse soon knew that his master was in a hurry on that cold March morning, in 1603, when in the dim, grey dawn, while halt the stars were still in the sky, he turned his head for Finohby and across by Barnet to the great north road, along whicu, at the rate of nine miles an hour, the eager horseman held on for three successive days and their two intervening nights, allowing twelve hours for rest and change of horses. How wistfully the bold oavalier must have oftentimes longed to be safe aoross the Scottish border with that almest magic ring he had concealed in his silken doublet. What a glow of ardent impatience would fire his heart on oatehing first sight of the blue Cheviot mountains in the distance, as he spurred over the brown.moors of Northumberland, still insecure until he was clear of English gronnd. For it was no ordinary or oommonplaoe hoop o'f" gold or sparkling amethyst the resolute rider carried with him in this day and night ride. It was no less than the royal signet seal of the onoe dread and terrible Queen Elizabeth, now dead on her bedtooAi floor. ThiB badga of royalty had been.'slyly and surreptitiously, filched from the finger of her majesty's 'now powerless hand—filohed secretly iantt'dWingly by one . of [her own ladiefi-'iii-waiting', two minutes after "the Royal Lioness of England " had laid down and died there on the floor. What strange things may be done, dear rector, at < a deathbed-side—even at the deathbed-side- of the most feared and formidable and most hated of despots. They are,chained and bound hand and foot now, agji^an'ft resent an outrage on tbeir grea$pess. .'They are dead. Dead! Was Elizabeth dead—really dead? or had she only, fallen into a swoon, from which she will reoover presently, to mies her royal signet ring and seal of slate, and then, raging like all the Furies, demand an explanation of the insolent abstraction of that important adjunct of her sceptred rights from her trembling ladies-in-waiting; and then having, in her royal wrath and jealousy, surmised the truth, denouncing them all as traitors to her orown and person, sent them all down to Tower Hill to have their pretty heads cut off on the State block, while Bhe despatched her guards in pursuit of the felonious ring-receiver, who is now at breakneok speed conveying the preeious trinket away to her " dear cousin and brother," James VL, king of the land of oatmeal cakes, and bringing him the welcome news that he is now also James I., king of the land of roast beef comforts. I think it must, for many reasons, have been rather an exoiting ride that of Sir Bobert Carey's, while he was bearing off to Sootland that signet ring of Queen Elizabeth, dead as she was—the very ring, with the royal arms engraved upon it, with whioh she had sealed the death warrant for the murder of James* mother. Yes, the imperious queen is dead, and gone to judgment; and what extenuations for the use she made of that royal ring of state, may lie within the plea of state necessity or national welfare i do not know, and I dare not leave them out of sight. Her final doom God only is. to decide. To Him be it left; and whatever may have been her guilt or her justification, 2000—or nearly gentlemen of the best blood and families in England, ail dressed in the deepest mourning, walked two and two in long and ailent prooession behind the ooffin of Elizabeth as her dead body was carried to the grave. There leave we her. " Tht Quten U dead—God gave King Jennet." So cries the chief herald at Charing Cross and Temple Bar and Royal Exchange, surrounded by pursuivants and tabardiers, all dressed in their medieval fashion, rich and red and gilt and gaudy, like all the court cards in a pack come alive and set on horsebaok, with brass and silver trumpets harshly blowing. And the new royal sun is now rising and smiling graciously on his new land as he comes to seat himself on the empty throne of the virgin Elizabeth; The rumour is already gone forth, far and near, the coming Stuart is not made of suoh stern stuff as the departed Tudor, and this rumour causes both relief and uneasiness lo tbe nation. James was deficient in repose and dignity of manner, a sign of weakness and of ^ inferior breeding. But he was delighted and amazed at the civilisation and wealth of hit new dominions, so far beyond thoBe of hisown country. The domestic laiory and sumptuous style of living in the oastles and manor houses of the English nobility and gentry astonished him as he passed along, partaking of the loyal hospitality with which he was " right loyally" entertained from county to county. St^ll more agreeably was he struck with the calm, courtly, and respectful demeanour of the English binwTT ~ dignitaries of the ASL» 0?ueh'A contrasted so pleasingly with the ruda '° h boonshness and semi-barbarian sn eeT U « his own Scotch " preachers" T "} of lams. By the time " Theobald's Palace, off Hisl, Hoiw aohei1 keen-eyed king had quietly SsSjRji three parties into whioh the political ^ L' 1 ? 6 England was then divided, and which whatever names, or in whatever age a?/?' all lands, are ever the same-Torv Wk- W and Radical. And, speaking without m % regard to scientific classification thekil, estimate of them seems to have'benn u?" there were High Church Tories who desired a king that wisely reign over them. Then there""*. 14 Low Church Presbyterian Whigs who J sired a king over whom they might fawning and faotious y reign. ThirJly, there 2 the Broad Church, No-Creed, ultra-PuS Radicals, who desired no king at all hnt only themselves to reign over themse'l™, We, in 1877, understand well that whenZl this third parly can dominate tbe firstpart* it always explodes in an armed, military imperial, democratic antooraoy, as it did in England under Oliver Cromwell and in France under Napoleon r' James very quickly declared for the Hith Episcopalian party, as, perhaps, most kin« in his place would have done. But this was in apostacy from all Low Church Presbyterian gospel principles, and nipped all Presbyterian and extreme Radical Puritan hopes of snore macy in the bud. Low Church Wbiggery wai indignant, and, as exasperated Whigs ever do when they thirst for revenge, they patronisingly coalesced with the Radicals, who sought the destruction of both King and Cburoh. Ultimately they had their revenge in 1641, when King Charles I. was murdered, the throne overturned, and Epij. oopaoy crushed, but all quite scriptural!; of course. For the very oream of the Pro. testant joke is, that Soripture, or •• God'i written word," is always on the side of Puritans as strongly as on the side of in. puritans. Soripture is always for Epiicopacy, and at the same time for Prei. byterianism, and for Unitarianism, and for all sides and sects and parties for one as muoh as for the other. In such a position as this, the only plan whereby tbe Scriptures oould be got, all and altogether, into one acoordant meaning and one consistent interpretation was, that some one Protestant sect Bhould out all the windpipes of all the other Protestant seats. Then there would be no Protestant sect to oontradict another Protestant sect, for how oould any fellow contradiot any other fellow, or explain the Scriptures oontrary to any other fellow's explanation, when his windpipe was properly bisected and severed? Cleaily the Protestants in 1603 saw no other way to keep God's written Word from contradicting itself in all directions than by cnttinj each other's windpipes, until,only one sort or sect of Protestants was left alive. They taw clearly there was no other method for preventing perpetual Protestant self-contradiotions but that of eutting the carotid artery of one another, until all but one seot survived. This one survivor would then have all the interpretation of the written Word to himself, and then the scoffing Romanist wonld be " dumbfoundered" at the Soriptural unity of meaning thai Scripturally effeoted. But before it wai publicly known that the king was privately pulling off his ill-made Scotch Presbyterian small-clothes, the Low Churoh party made a new oopy of the old Millenary petition, and had it presented to his half-dressed majesty, praying him to abolish—1st, all bowing at the holy name of Jesus; 2nd, all use of the ring in the marriage servioe; 3rd, all making of the sign of the Crosa; 4th, all weaiing of white surplices; 5th, all written prayers, or prayer-books, and many other suoh " abuses." But James had now some three months' study of Anglican Episoopaoy, and was resolved to give the Low Churoh party a proof of his attainment!. He, therefore, aammoned them to a firetidt synod in his drawing-room, at Hampton Court Palace, January, 1604, where he talked to them as if he never had been tarred with their stick, whioh was a very unkind cat, seeing how John Knox had so civilly spoken to his mother. After snubbing them for three days, he ordered them to " slither," and keep- on their good behaviour; and although he didn't cut their windpipei, he threatened to keep his royal eye upoB them, whioh they knew meant only slitting their noses. So the Low Church went down to their parsonages breathing scriptural vengeanoe. The High Churoh mads a few trivial alterations in the Book of Common Prayer, whioh the kingcommanded to be forthwith adopted by virtue of bi« headship over "the Church;" but when parliament assembled, three weeks after, on 19 th March, 1604, whioh was James first parliament, some severe criticism was made on the kings " evil advised" eieroiie of authority, so that the question rose in his mind whether he or parliament w« head. The very next day Convocation, met, 20th March, 1604, and the Millenary petition was presented to both "Houses." At this time the Anglican clergy held their own spiritual parliamant, and for this reason were not allowed to sit in the temporal parliament.. The biBhops constituted tne "Upper House," the "Lower House consisted of the "priests" and proctors. The Millenary petition led • W a very warm debate in the Upp« House, where the Bishop of London Dr.: Bancroft, was the most prominent, ino most eloquent, and the most able apeakeron the Episcopal High Ohuroli side. »» replied to all the Low Churoh objections •eainet the Sign of the Cross BO convincingly ihat ibe petition was rejected, and tbe Low fliurcb suffered another defeat. In tbe coniee of tbese disputes the High Church oatty ' elt tbe WRnt of a re u,ar R code oi "ecclesiastical constit.itions,'' or canons, and this being represented to tlie king, he • Eueil a roy8l commission to Dr. Bancroft to holding a synod of the clergy of the provioceof Canterbury; and, as the archbishop had died some days before, Bancroft was appointed president, with fnll power to form a code or statute book for the discipline of tbe Anglican Church. Hitherto, the new Church of England had DO constitution, and teas governed from hand to month, or from Jvur to year, by "Orders jn Council," or canons framed by the tbe prime minister of the day. Several suoli ordeiB or canons had been issued by the bead oi tbe Anglican Churrh — then, as now, in pttticoits—ftud so for fifty or sixty years had the Reformed Chnrch been governed. All these "orders" or canons of Elizibeth's reign Dr. Bancroft collected, revised, enlarged, and adapted, arranging them in 14 seclWJfis, containing 141 complete canons. Bancrolt's heart was in his work, and the W>rk was soon finished. In a few weeks the canons were submitted to the king, who had long since discarded his scriptural 'dislike of tbe Sign of the Cross, and had adopted a scriptural liking for it. The king approved of all the canons, sigoed his name to them, and I'J proclamation made them the law of bis Cburcb, without consulting parliament or -convocation—an act of royal supreme Protestant headship, which the Low Church party, both in the House of Commons and HouetB of Convocation, did not fail to misrepresent and malign. Canon 30 in the series is the sum and substance ot Dr. Bancroft's epetch against the Millenary petition, whioh he delivered in the Convocation, 20th March, and following day or two. It is a condensed statement of the High Church argument in favour of the Sigu of the CroBS. Tbe Low Church, following Carlostadt, one of Luther's most consistent Iriends, would have nothing but what was written in Scripture. Tue bible, and the bible only, is tbe religion of Protestants. The Low Church party said, " Stick to Soripture." That was their war song. " If we stick only to Scripture," replied the High Church party, "we must give up tbe creed, the worship, and tbe discipline of our Church, for there is no creed, nor form of worship, nor of Church discipline laid down iu Scripture, so that, if we stick to Scripture, we shall have nothing left." " So much the better, " taid tbe Falk-Bismarcknltra-Puritan Atheists, of 1604. Such was the attitude of parties. Such their argument ihen. Such is it at this hour. PEUTETEE. 