? A QUEER. COURTSHIP. Tou.know how 16 is in a letter (began ihe little.shop- keeper, rubbing her thin hands tocetber^helplessly). 1 was writing to brother Joshua away down East, hundreds of miles froth here, and happened to tell him, among other things, that the widowlady that helped teach school here, and boarded with me; was goiugaway. . I'didnt say-a word one way or the other about .Mr. Steele, for what did it matter tothem whether he . was a tyrant or not ? I only wanted to tell them I'd been at a good deal of expense in fitting "up the room," and I didn't mind her board money so much I .did to have the chamber idle agnn, and nobody about the house but myself, though she was poor- company.-, at-the. best, being sickly in constitution and low in. spirits-the most of the time,- and-after a while' nearly driven crazy , ny the contmual^ badgering and. bickermg .of .Mr. -Steele." 1 - She:used"toscome'' home ^tnilht .that-4forn;oufc,i!what--with' the, wlckedneEBxrf.thfe-children-aiid-the ..eternal: i-nag^ngioftbe-'school-master^-that-jIVeiseeni -her nut her head down on the table and cry -fitxoifareafcherliearii':; ^he ^aia'abe- acouldn^t!-; please him, do what jsfce might, and it was ruining her nerves to se.e hlm beat tlio boys' - in the Wiy that he did She w?s sure he'd . break some of their -boneBi 1 I tried to cheer' her as beBt I could," -celling her that .boys': bones were tough; and 'the: little'rascals' deserved to be paid up .for some! of-their , deviltry^ After an,hour or two she'd come around again and be comfortable, but; la me 1 what was the use ? The next day, perhaps,-' she'd be worse than ever, and the creature's health began to fail so, I was glad when T she" gave.up.and went away. She was verydown-- hearted, Sam Biley, the stage-driver, said, all the way down to the train, and he gave it as his opinion that Mr.. Steele was no -better than a black-hearted tyrant. Sam is such a good-natured fellow-that it quite wore upon hismind, and he stopped a bit-with me on hia.way to the evenmg-train to talk it over. . I wanted him to'get . some lttle.things for me at Pikeville, and while I was making out the memorandum, Sam told me how he pitied whatever poor body was to take that poor creature's place. :• Tou can 3 uat fancy how I felt when Sam drove up to the door that night, and 1 went" out to get the package, to see brother Joshua's daughter Jemima • on the seat with. Sam, chattingand laughing away aa merry aa a cricket. I was powerful glad to see the child, but dreadfully . mortified to find her tucked in there with the driver." I told Sam pretty sharply that he ought to know :.better, for their was plenty of- room inside,- and I. didn t: know:what the boarders over the way would-think of it. . • "She was bound to ride outBide," said Sam;; ^'-Hrni-"a-'-w-jll"4il --wDmali irmst'have her way. 1 ' '. Whv, its all the fashion up our way,", said .Mime. . " The summer boarders swarm all over the tops of the coaches like-bo many lively bees;. but if'lt hurts anybody's fed~ ings, I'm sorry. Aschool marm must mind herp'Bandq's." " A school-marm?" I said, wondering what tho child meant. Then-she told me she'd come out to take that poor little woman's . .place; that - she'd written to 3fr. Steele as soon as my letter was read at home, foi she couldn't get along at the school there It would lake s saint to put up with their airs and their interference, and you: know I like to have my own way," -said my: niece Jemina J Tee," I said, for I had known Mime's temper from a ohild. Any body could see from hei hair how fiery she was, but the dear child was just as the good Iiord had seen: fit-to make?her,-and. I; for one, never hold red-haired : people vaooountable lor- freaks ,of temper Only you can see bow ridicnlous it seemed tome for her to teacli under Mr. Steele. " Out of the frying-pan into the fire; Mime,'/ ! said.. " The -Bchool-master has it 1 all his own way. here, andhe'j! littlebetter than:a brute:- I've seen under my own eyes a woman's heart almost broken with him " Then I went on to tell how he'd tormented that pool wiaow woman into giving up;;- the place,and how I'd seen her worry and fret till the ukm -fairly dropped off her bones «« ^ooh ' pooh 1" said my meoe, " the skin won't drop off my bones, aunty." And I couldn't help thinking what a pity -it would be if it did, lor whiter and finer and wholesomer Bkm I never did see. It was the kind that so-often comes with red hair, and a lovelier colour never was in a bloBsom than bloomed in "Mime's cheek when she' aneaoht, " I've got to fight it oat somewhere, annty, let him mind his ownjiusiness, and I'll mind; mine®!" J c * My heart fauly warmed to the" girl as ahe -sat opposite .me tal ,the table," :crunohi!ig,»lice1 after slice of toast between her white'teeth,: and devouring the dainties one by one. The* little widow had beta so finicky, and I had such a poor appetite my wlf, that thlnganme and -went.iupon the table,land, were warmed :up and fuBed over till a body -got tired of seeing Lthem. Then she' was mysown.flesh: and L :blood;.and'had the-Schoonmaker^noseta little high with Mime,-and freckled, over the bridge a bit, but she was a bonny, blithe, freBh-lookmg creature, so different - from the wretched little woman that had just gone away. J .I couldnH bearthe thoughts of her spirits and health being broken by .that dreadful Mr Steele ' " I'll tell you, Mime," I said,as she dried the. dishes' lor- me,-. " what ...we'll .do. . Tou shall stay at home with me and help about the shop;. there's bonnets now and then to. trim, and lols of little kmcknacks in -worstcdwork to.be made.' ."^Tow;. annty;" . said Mune, "a buffido would be less, clumsy at trimming a bonnet ithanl would;and as for worsted.work— , . VI suppose so," I isaid; for X could see die was determined to teach •The next morning she went to school^ and: iforsa montn or so everything went right;.and; I dldn t hear a word of complauit from her She made fun enough of the school master, and aaid he didn't know how to manage the bojs, and .made himself more trouble than was-neceBEary.;'.'S;thsti:a:.coaxingiWord--of hers swentfai',therthanta>ii3ozemsla8heaiWith:that' rod of*hiB 5; .ibiit everyone had their"OwniSrayj, and it was none of her busmes . "She was getting 'along splendidly, and the smaller children were quite delighted with a way she had of picturing out things .on the black-board: Mime was. quite ready with her pencil, and' had made us laugh; SamiBiley and me, many: a time by scrawling off. funny conceits oli paper. ' Sim-Bilv began to drop lu at night, and I noticed he was quite taken with Mimev Sam was well to do,and, outside 01 his hue of stages, -owned a .fine house .down on tne main road-. Sam didn't mind being hit off himself once in a while—mm and his iiorseu aud passengers and all; .he used to sit back in hiB chair aud laugh till the tears rolled down hiB cheeks, and look over.at me, .winking and blinking, and whispering, under his breath, what a wonderful woman she wa?. " She's as fresh" and handsome as a rose," he would say when Mime was -out of the room ; "and what health.she's got, and what spirits!" J. could see howthmgs.weregoing.. Dear! dear ! I used to sit and picture it all out to myself, and think how nice it would be to have Mime settled near me for life. So when she came home, one afternoon from school, with a bright spot burning on either cheek, an angry flame in her eyes, and said to me that war had begun between her and Mr-Steele, I didn't, so much mind, for I thought the sooner she. got discouraged the better- - Sam was well on to thirtv, and* though Mime's skin made her look younger than she was, there wasn't so much difference as you'd think between their ages. \- " He's forbidden my illustrations on the black-board, aunty," said Mime; and though I didn' t know one bit of board from another, I could see by the way she fell about it that it was a great spite to Mime. He calls them pernicious and exciting to the imagination, and injurious to more practical requirements," said Jemima. And I couldn't quite get the hang of his objections! for every word of the.schoolmaster's was -as long as the moral law, but-1 could tell it was some imposition of his.' ''He's a narrow-minded idiot, and I shall tell him so if he .persists in this notion." said Mime. . ' - ' V- "If he..'persists,". -I said, "you'd better givO'it-up. He's so set in his , way, there's no use crossing him " rSi-IworCt let -him- crosB'-me;"- said;Mime; and 'she "didn't. She:"Wfint ;-on .witli her ?pictnres on tho "blackboard lor a lull week or imoreSill'one mghtftliere :was ^grap-at-thp: BittingTi:oom'v.aoor,.iand.Lit:.gave.me.^nite a 1 turn to .«ee; tie long bony fignre of the schoolmaster standing on thethreahold; ilime started up.- a hot colour leaping into her.face,--, and stood .there confronting: him ; hke a young Jezebel. -. The man looked pale enough himself,, sinking into the chair I set for him. as if he was quite warn and spent like, and he seemed beat out in some way; for though he fixed his eyes Bavagely on Mime, there was something in 'em that looked tired and hunted. "I have come here to remonstrate with your niece, madam,'- he said to me, " though I've found it of very little use and profit heretofore; but however capable and efficient he. may be, and however judicious it may. seem to.retain,her services, her epirit of insubordination. is too dangerous an example to the . naturally rebellious .and headstrong temperament of youth. She.muBt confine herself Btrictly to the rules that govern the method of instruction. •. The trustees—" Don't put it on the trustees," broke in Mime; and-I was glad she took.it upon herself to answer him, for I couldn't make out head or tail of what he was saying, what with ' his long words and tbe'fluster I was in. " The trustees are : mere lay figures for you to dreEB your petty schemes of conceit and tyranny upon.". He waved his hand impatiently, and went 1: "It IB the will of the trustees that you shall put aside the puerile and reprehensible course • you have taken in exciting : the -imagination • and creating frivolous and mischievous-emotions. . The pursuits of my own class have been interrupted, their atten tion distracted—'•' Why don't your, class mind, their own business ? ' feaidMime. " Why do you look -at me,for listen to.me, or bother with me at all! It is not-your.claBS that is disturbed, Mr. Steele,,it is you." .The school-master's face suddenly reddened,v-then grew paler than before; he wiped the perspiration from his -long, high forehead, and his bony fingers actually-.trembled -on his:..knees. I don't wonder-he..was mad,-for'Mime..went .on-in-the most outrageous way.. .Her spunk was: up, and she wasn't a bit afraid of him. Tou can't bear to see knowledge made , ieasy and pleasant,V^she said. "."You'dlike .to; knock every 3iew idea into the brain witha sledge hammer youjiate to look over at the children and me, and see UH maklng light of: our task—it's gall and wormwood to you, Mr. Steele" "" ;Hush, .Mime 1" . I .said, for I could see that he, •was getting more -and mora excited, •and , I didn't know, but what he'jd flmg t'he lamp rat her head, or something. " But be' mastered .himself, and , up he. got. and went away, without lanother.word; and pretty soon Sam Siley came in. I thought we'd ..have ,a nioe-i.evening, for Mime-was in-high feather-.;and wtting.down' to the table, she caught up a pencil and made the .school-master take every ridiculous shape: that.ishe could. .. Her eyes shone .and ?her che:eksj^lowed; .and: -I. didn't,, wonder Sam: couldn't .take his eyes .of her face. .- ,1. „ Say the word, Mime," said Sami!"-and EU punch the idiot's head " "Who are you calling an idiot'" said Mm e,-turning straight :upon Sam. " If :you had ihe hundredth part of Jus intelligence, you might be glad " "1 thought you called him so yourself," said Sam; meekly, for he . .was -head-over, in love with the young termagant. ^yif"Idi5,"said Mime, "it wa»absurd,and I'll never do It again, Jfo, £am I'll beathim: :wlth,hls;.own his weapons. weai Jll go to the nysBlf. If he pan Tvheedle and' coax.them,. i, «o can ana if be can bully; them , -perhaps I can do that top, " Tou can do anything," fald poor Sam. And "toon alter that Mime taid >he tired and'eleefrtfand sent Sam off, as-cool^n walked about tne floor, and I eould see she was terribly put out and excited by th» school master s visit. . j J. " Tou'll wear yourself ont for nothing,". I said, for it vexed me to seobcr all m a fret - , that way Jiom pure spite 'He'll brea"k your health and spirits like he did with that , poor httle body that was here before yon." " I don't beljieve, all those stones about . that woman, -.auniy. I've fonnd out she had . . heavier'troubles. than.those put <upon her by - : the schoolma ter. Tou mn to't beheva all " that yon hear' That was the way with Mime—she wag that contrary-'-when-Bhe was-vexed that she'd swear black was white, and lake tho part of j the-evil one himself She began from that time out to fight -j hard for het own way, and it got to be pretty well known she was winning over the trustees The children had never liked anybody as they did Mime, and httle Bill Pntohard, ;that used to .play: traant half the time, and ,. ;would rather take a beating any day than be P6nt up in school, went there as regular aa -clock work now, and began to mark out jhorses: and- ! dogs;.with:,a-.stump of « pencil himself and Mr Pritchard he was one of - the trastees, and thought the world atad all *ot my niece Jemima I Bui omehow or other justas I *aid, the, continual woxrimeht of it fretted Mime, -andj ~s tshe -got thin.and lo t"her pretty colours and"* £ 'the mght she-came home and saicL she had^ 1 !got the beBt of the school ma ter, and the notice hsd been served on him that [day that lie was to let her have her own way lof teaohing, that night 1 made/up my mind it was about time it was settled an some way, for Mime was more fidgety and contrary than ever, and I don t believe every thing would - .'have turned out a it did if Mime had been in ber sooer senses. Tne girl was about half . : 'wild, and I don't believe she knew what she was about, for it stands to reason she must have h tod the school mas f er and yet when I ; began to glory o\erhia defeat, and say how .glad Sam Riley would be, she shut me up in a minute: \- -.-. . : -' ; " Sim Riley and 'Mr. Sted^' v she.".MHjTa''. & " are two very different men " •'I Bnould nope so.' X safd. '-•. " Sam is made of a different stuff," she went on to say. " The little pricks and " ' torments that sting the soul of Mr. Steele to: , 4 madness would bo utterly unfelt by Sam, ~ ,: Sam is'a good fellow—" "Thank you for Sam," :I said, for sbe was: ! > enough to provoke a saint. ••-.-• :: " But beias not thecapacitv'for suffering' .. that Mr. Steele has: and oh, aunty, he - does suffer!'' ••: •-• •• " Serve him right/ the monster," I said; and had scarce-got-the -words out of my. moil'ih when the'. e was a rap at the door. I went over, thinking it was Sam Siley, when there was tiie thui, gaunt facB ol the schoolmaster agam.' - ' •--.-- He came in and bowed as grave as an. owl, and sat down -on a-chair by the door ; . his cane rolled aown beside himontheSoor; and for a full minute-or.so- he couldn't find- ":. V a word out of that long dictionary in iua head. ' - -" - - • - I was glad to see that Mime's spunk.came ••: back at thesight oj bun. HereyeB were as,, bnghtas they could be, and her cheeks-like • the heart of a hollyhock. 'My errand here, Miss Jemima," ho jan, " is altogether a friendly one. ..Ton .: (have.so'.much- spirit and determination.that !I think your present subordinate position is'-' ' uufit for you. 1 know of one that will be i shortly Vacant, whichyou can fill.with, great credit to youiself and aU-coneercecL" " I am much obliged to you," said Mime, her hps begi inmg to curl, and the colour jn iier cheeks deepening to a flame, " but I'm •quite satisfied where I am. I can well t «n"derstandShat^you'dibe^glaa'tp:.be^d;oJi'^«.:r me, butjjl inust beg to decline I'jai not^fi 'going away from here 1 ' v "ButT am going away from here," said ipm ithe schoolmaster, , getting - upon Iua •.feete^::',: !" It is my place that will be vacant, and :that ! :' I think you may have it if you^choose/'" - - - ''Toit—youl" said Mime:-":and: I don't- " wonder the ohild waa astoimded at thenewa. ' ! . "See," said the schoolmaster": -" you can - have your own way-iiow." And he:went out : f the door, bowing awkwardly as lie went, a iqueer, miBerable 1 smile struggling-into 3uaf . face. Dear! dear!" the contrariness of woman!".. . No sooner was the door well sliut am liim than Mime put her head down on the table rr . and began to cry. Her nair got loose and ielli! ' all about her, and, to makethe matter worse; .- I: heard a footstep outBide,,and- this time I thought it must be Sam Rdey. . - " For goodness' sake, Mime," I said, }.', don't. let Sam Riley seeyoum this way.!"-••.» -'n-:";. But the door-opened, and there^stood the -school-master agam. He iaid ho had come - backfor hiB cane;, but he never even stooped to pick it tip, but stood staring at Mune as if - she .was-a ghost matead of , the .-fresh, pretty. . wholesome creature chat ^he was, Slie.-ralsec . - her head, and thoughher face was half-bidder, by her hair, her eyelaEhes wereiwetj andithE ' tears not dried yet:on her cheeks. ' 1 • The school-master, not miudmg mii an 1 more than if I was a block of wood oraoiat thing, "walked straight over to »Mame;'!-i:i.'r . . " Tou know very well;'-.'.hB:iaaid; " Sii>5 .. am onlv.gomg away Ir&m; here because II.:- you. Bseauso it was not tho-dass that 'vr-, .., .. distracted by yonr-pretty ways .and devjcae It was I. Tou.know all this very well;ia»-;s. ean tell me-whether I had bette? goior.®.'!-. Now tell me, shall I stay J" Tou might have knockedme.down )Hill: ti" feather when ! saw Mime putieriiand c 'jt; timidly to the '8chool- mastex,'3aiiai?liB-itr. .n pale and catoh it m both hiB own, ' = - near distractedbyjhe waythmgsTvere^c=:vr. you'reian honourable ;man',.andiSo! pnv sense left, and an eye m your head, y - I see that my meoe 18 as jgood as -engage ( . 1 Sam Siley" " < Y^ " Sam Eiley t" said Mime, as jscOrnf; u, if poor Sam was a toad or something. \- -i holding .ion to the -school- maiift'er*ia -"5, . - ; hands as if she *was drowning. Jnke«E ^ " they'llbe&t; her some day. and ao^sheU \- -y him all the iietter for at, for'before^.'a -1. out of the room I heard her toll him*-1 ^ teach -any. way that^uitedliim- ifiit: i.tii?. my only hope is ihit he's .got a little' laid by for he said he didn't intent- ^t,- shonld teach at all But, dear '3sdeat.1 i I heard the crack of Sam Biley'S'whir fields, and knew the evemngstage ms|r $ poor Sam not knowing what was tosft, ^ t, ' bim, I had to go upstairs -and bave^ ^ --„>» to myself. And all I can eay'isj'dl v mines the >sohoolmaster,^it'a''»Ja_ JLt queer courtship 1 ? '»>'*" A Olsab ExriiAifiscioN.—^.^le^A t & ^ eher had elaborated a new"%eonr o' Exodus—to wit That the Bed | \ frozen over, and so afforded-±he Is±.Kites a -safe passagej -but - whenfliiaraoH,' his heavy iron char ot, attempted •, broke through, and "were drowjn- 5 . brother lose, and asked for an eiplr-v of that point. " rse been sfmdylri'go,.!^. ^ 'j and -de gography Bay dat'"be v.£rervym.sfei country, -where they iiave.de ^rop - c-iitji ;sde;tropicssisitoo lotforafreeim^d'SS?) to be sSsplained sis Jhout brea deice "oThe preacher stralg) «aids -" 5i udder, gladyon'axe: It gives me'casioh to datwas a^great iwJule' s fo' dey lad any 