The Sketcher. A Fugitive Letter. SOCIAL LIFE ON THE PACIFIC COAST — AMONGST THE MORMONS AND THE CHINESE. THE following letter was written as No. V. of the series written by our "Queenslander in America." The letter was commenced in Salt Lake city, but got mixed up somehow in the baggage of the writer, and could not be found when the time approached for posting by the Californian mail. Under these circumstances, our correspondent wrote a second No. V. from his note-book. Now the original has been found and as it contains matter written while the traveller was amongst the scenes — the Chinese, the Mormons, &c.;, which he describes — we have considered the publication of this second No. V. as desirable. At Salt Lake City — The Chinese in California — Occupa- tions of John — As a Washerman — Travellers' Grievances — A Chinese Laundry — Poor look out for White Work- men — Business in the Pacific States — Hard Times — Social Life — More Wives than one — Suicides — Pleasant American Homes — Life on the Railway — The Fares — "Able to Sit up and Get Married!" This is Sunday. Sunday amongst the Mor- mons at Salt Lake City. I have just returned from attending service in the great Mormon Tabernacle, a huge place, some 250 by 150 feet, and covered with a roof shaped like a dish cover — more like a dish cover than anything else I know of; and I trust the simile will be taken in good part by friends here and friends in Aus- tralia, as that of one ignorant of the niceities of architectural nomenclature, but who has no desire whatever to arouse a smile or a feeling of derision concerning any place dedicated to the worship of God. This Townsend House from which I write is a Mormon institution. The proprietor (he is a pleasant gentlemanly man) has three wives, I am informed. The house is quiet and orderly. The guests conduct themselves precisely as in other high-class American hotels, and I feel very much disposed to philosophise; to think over the whole thing, the Mormons — or what I have seen of them — and their surroundings. But ere committing the impressions thus digested to paper, it may be well to have a look at the social life of the people at the Pacific end of the great railway; or rather what I have seen of them. The Chinee is an institution in California. Not in San Francisco only, but over all parts of the State that I travelled. He is a mechanic, a house servant, washes clothes, or anything else; is an importer, an actor, money lender (to other Chinamen), a money changer, opium seller, "samshoo" or groggery keeper, storekeeper, peddler, thief, burglar, assassin — everything after the American model, except being a politician. John has no say in politics, or the government of the country ; but I am informed that this is no fault of his, or of those who believe that they could get hoisted into power were John able to aid them at the ballot box. For one, I trust this shall never be. One sees a good deal of the Chinese here — much more than in the colonies, or on the mines; but he does not see enough good points in the Celestial as a whole to change an impression that the Chinaman is already a sore place, and will in time become a very serious difficulty in these United States. I am informed that he is nearly as prevalent in the Eastern States as on the Pacific side; and that he is finding his way in crowds into the West and South — wherever men have a hankering after "cheap labor." I have spoken with those who have Chinese workmen as cabinet and boot makers; with those who have had them for sailors and as railway laborers; with hotel- keepers, and with ladies who have had Chinese cooks and house servants. As sailors and washers of clothes they have a fair reputation; they monopolise the washing of the Californian towns and villages.* But that does not counterbalance their evil reputation in other respects. I would feel right in letting the Chinese drop just here — as a something too mean to waste ink on, — but there is a danger of the thing getting a foothold in Queensland as it has in America, and I should like to say something in that connection. Dirty clothes are a sore trouble to men who * This is correct of twelve months since; but changes are rapid. The poor white is now besting the Chinese washerman. travel; to the average man, whose mother, sister, or good little wife have all through the years he cared to think of relieved him from responsibility concerning underclothing—everything he wore, for that matter,—whose only knowledge of shirts was that they were laid before him clean, and were things whose appearance he could criticise with keen satire while smarting from the har rowing effects of a dull razor. Who was ever on the alert for absent, broken, or loos* buttons, tight collars or wristbands—of the get-up of a shirt generally. Such an one (and I know him) is in a sad quandary when he finds himself in a foreign land, with not a "kennedface," and in possession of a month's supply of soiled clothes. They look a fearful diffi culty ; he could wish the earth would open and swallow the lot. Wouldn't he smile were the light familiar step heard, and his greatest trouble, for the time, • were whisked out of his presence, and clean raiment, sweet and fresh from the laundry, not crushed, Boggy, and stuffy from his trunk, were laidbe fore him. That man would, should such a thing happen, bless his stars that he was so well at tended to. I am not quite so sure how it will be after he learns how to fight tbejwhole thing upon such terms as may be presented to him. In America (or Cali fornia, for they speak there of "America" and the "States"; so I suppose that country has to be reached yet) when a man finds himself in possession of a bundle such as that at tempted to be de scribed, and he can not muster courage to desert a collection of old acquaintances in a strange land, or bundle the lot over a window, one of two courses are open to him: to go and state his case to the gentlemanly clerk of the hotel, a humiliating task to the average man, and take counsel with him, or to go and hunt up a washerman—a heathen, of course; none else follow the occupation. Once started, the Chinaman will come to your hotel, .take away what you have, and return the articles. These washermen are punctual; when they promise to return awashing, I be lieve they are there with it The arrange ment is convenient, undercertain circum- stances, and I am desirous of giving the waBners credit for then- Work ; but there is nothing to ad mire in the sys tem that calls for their assistance. The whole thing was matter of curiosity and in terest to me— perhaps because I know nothing whatever of the art of washing. Once on friendly terms with Hoop Lee (card of his firm enclosed) he became quite communicative, and woGldsitand patronise me with his presence for ten minutes of a morning when he called for the washing. It soon became evident that Mr. Lee had no high opinion of his contrymen, espe cially theme in the Washing line. That they did not do enough "rubee" this patriot wab very much disposed to believe: he even hinted that some of them would steal in an emer gency — names mentioned —but I dared not take notes, and do not feel assured that I have the iden tical accused Chinaman in memory. He was willing, very willing, honored in deed, that a visit should be made to his laundry ; and I went. Hoop Lee, it then appeared, is part and parcel of a large concern in the washing line. They do biminesB in an estnb lishmeut, say 12 by 16 feet. The figures, I feel assured, after a careful look at them, account for every inch of space in the place, and some space outside. There were — Chinese (I counted 17) in the laundry. Whether men or women, young or old, I am not prepared to Btote. They all seemed alike ; and the place was awfully hot and moist, and filled with clothes huug upon wires stretched lengthways, aud sideways, under And over each other, up and down, all through the place. I feel assured no Chinese in that room had more unoccupied space around him than an inflated shirt would occupy. The space between the workers, every inch of it, wan filled with shirts, and socks, and other parts of human attire of which I have no knowledge whatever. But I have seen one woman in Queensland sur rounded with more tubs, and buckets, and baskets, and other tools for working than were used by all this Chinese establishment; while they, probably, do more washing and ironing than half the women in Brisbane. They had two small troughfl, each occupied by a Chinese, and all the washing, I believe, was done in them. It must be a fearfully rapid process of dirt ex traction, ammonia acting a lively share in the process. The drying is done partly around the workers, and partly upon the roofs of sheds and out'housßß adjoining. I believe these roofs are rented to the Chinese. But "ironing is the stronghold of the Chinese." He gets rid of the moisture, and gives a certain degree of polish to his work by pounding, and smashing, and squeezing it over with hot irons. " The Chinese are hard on clothes," I was informed, and I believe it. But I did not tell anybody that I had been in a " laundry." You may have some one, by and-by, to give an opinion of the quality of the work done in these places. lam not disposed to believe it is first-class, or healthy, or such as would be a desirable addition to colonial enter prise. I have read essays in your columns touching the " servant-gal" question. That is a grievance, no doubt ; but the Chinese, as a washer, will be a greater grievance, or those who ought to know something of such things are much mistakeu. When the American women lose the art of washiug, a likely contingency it is said, these Chinese will have control of the situation. They have it already for that matter. But business is very dull here, and has been for some time. Thousands of people are driven to their wit's end for the means of subsistence. There are still women who wash clothes for a living. But with a return of good times, the Chinese will have little, if any, competition. That his employers will then have to pay for what he does k a very general belief. With a few lines touching the other occupa tions followed by Chinese in California, I am desirous of allowing the subject to drop. He is heavily engaged in the boot and shoe trade, and not as a workman only. There are Chinese factories in the trade, working with Chinese capital. In ladies shoe making, I was informed, they are rapidly getting possession of the trade. In Beveral places I saw them at work, packed closely together as the washers, or as nearly so as the machines employed would allow. They have no wires nor families in the country—of the 500 female, Chinese in California very, very, few are wives. The men work for small wages; they lire mostly upon garbage and offal; use opium, drink ''Chinese brandy." Those who survive and scrape a few hundred dollars together return to China. Fresh relays of Celestials are coming in continuously. The only parties that I could learn profit by them are the owners of vessels in the China passenger trade. Gangs of Chinese may be seen working in places in the fields ; and they are em-ployed as railway laborers. My information upon their capabilities laborers is to the effect that when whit enavvies can be employed for $2 per day,they are cheaper than Chiuamen at $1 per day. Taking the whole thing, in bo far as I have been able to see it, it iB very doubtful whether California is any the richer from the Chinnese that are in the State. Socially, it is much worsefrom their pre sence. As stated casually, busiuess is very bad in the Pacific States, and those of your merchants disposed to do business therewill find every facility for doing ao. California haa been going ahead at a great rate in manufactures, and many of their goods are as peculiarly well fitted for the climate of Queensland and the wants of colonists. There are also openings for exchange trade. Tin, at the prices now ruling, is sure to be brought into new industries Dy these active, quick- witted Americans ; and it is highly satisfactory to know that the colony will be so largely represented in that article at the coming exhibition. From the proximity of the ports of San Francisco and Queensland, the former is the most convenient in all America for trade with the colony. Of social life, as found in the Pacific States, I have little to Bay —would not Bay anything, were it not desirable to disabuse the minds of many of my fel low colonists whose , opinions of Kfe in ' America are, I fear, much as my own were. It is but too true that there are serious social ulcers in .the community; but Cal ifornia and neigh boring States are not singular in that respect. Here the blemishes are usu ally public, and there is a hit-or-mis* spirit abroad that finds its climax in reckless living, gambling, suicide, divorce, and other phases of civil' isation. Suicides have been fearfully preva 1 ent this year. Scarcely a day passes without a victim, many of them men of prominence in the community. The papers tell their ghastly stories; I have no desire to re peat them. Defal cations are also very prevalent. Politics are fearfully corrupt; yet there are honest politicians. There is a large amount of reckless, and a still larger extent of ostentatious, living. These things are seen and admitted on all aides. Equality of the sexes, and hotel life, in so far as concerns the steady residence of families in |hotels, are very much overdone, and I believe account largely for the divorce and separation cases continuously before the courts. Having lived a few days amongst the Mormons, I may be allowed to have a say on these things now, for Utah is not the only place in which men die possessed of more than one wife. Several cases have been before the courts lately, in order to see whioh of the families of men recently deceased were to get the property left by them. The sin* gular part of these affairs is that both wives (there were but two in any one case of litigation) denied all know ledge each of the other. And the families pleaded in the same way. The dead man, while alive, it would seem, managed for years to have a wife and a family in ope place, and a wife and a family in another; and both wives and both fami lies lived in San Francisco). A morning journal lately stated that this sort of life is becoming quite fashionable. It must be awfully hard on the men who manage it, and illustrates a peculiar phase of the enlighten mentof this great age. But all the people of the Pacific coast do not live in this way. The cases are very excep tional even in San Francisco. The great bulk of the residents live very much as colonials do; and have nice houses; each family all to them selves, with husbands, and wives, and mothers iu-law, and other relatives, and boys and girls ; and snug fire-places (it is awfully cold just now), and easy chairs, and slippers, and tea, bread, butter, and comfort—all over home-like, just as one finds it in the colonies. They are very plea sant and sociable, are Americans of this kind, and are particularly fond of hearing of Australia, and of the openings for trade, land laws, and quality of the soil, and of the wonderful animals and plants that they have been told live there. Of such, are the great body of people (or what I saw of them) in California ; were I to live a hun dred yean (not at all a likely contingency) ; but WRECK OP THE SINGAPORE. VIEW OP DOUBLE BAY, SYDNEY. live as long as I may, while memory holds out, it will go back in pleasant recollection of the plea sent weeks spent in California. One Boon forgets ail about a beggarly cold that caught him during the raw, foggy days of January and February. It is fairly over now, after convincing him that he ia in a strange and more exacting climate— one demanding much warmer clothing, and more of it, than is worn in the coldest weather in Queensland. Now, Ido think myself in a proper frame of mind to have n. say concerning th" Wormons ; and especially bo, since it is first necessary to Bay something of the trip by rail from San Francisco. It is not usual, I find, for passengers to take through tickets from Brisbane, or any of the smaller cities or less important parts of Aus tralia, to New York or England. In former years it was customary to do so ; but owing to. the "busting" of parties who ran the steam lines at that time, many passengers who had through tickets found themselves in sore straits on arrival in San Francisco, where nobody would honor the tickets issued in Sydney. Dreadful stories are beard touching the straits to which these unfor* tunatea were reduced. There has beea a dispo sition to distrust the route ever since. Under the care of the Pacific Mail Company, as the contract is now, there is no need for uneasiness. That company have always been up to their engagements in money matters, I believe. Still, many who travel this way take passage to San Francisco only. On arrival in the city, it is well to get a certificate from the office of the company, to the effeot that the passage is for a through journey. This certificate permits an allowance of 200 lbs. of baggage by railway, to New York or elsewhere, to each passenger. In other oaaea but 75 lbs. are allowed, and 4d. (8 cents) per Ib. is charged for all in excess. There are hosts of touters for the many railway line* that connect with the Union Pacific line at Omaha, and then branch in all directions over the Union. These agents vow and protest that the line represented by them is the best; has steel rails, sleeping cars, palace can, dining-room cars, and such variety of other modern conveni ences as makes, riding on a rail one of the Bweetest things in l'U e . It is nothing of the Bort. It will be rougn on you, try for comfort and pay aa you nwy, Don't believe one of these fellowß. They ftU haye pecuniary interests in Belling you A vTEBY TAKING SITUATION. tickets. I have none, and have had more time than the average traveller to become acquainted with their little game. The tickets offered for sale by agents all over San Francisco are right enough for passage as far as they go; but from ten to as many per cent, as they can get is occasionally added to the cost. This system of selling tickets is one of the blemishes of the American railways, and is nourished by the eagerness of the competing lines for traffic. But there is a clean way out of the difficulty still. The Central Pacific Com pany have one office in San Francisco. It is in the buildings of the company, foot of Market street, where the ferry boats start from that take passengers across the bay to the cars. At that office tickets to any part of the United States can be obtaiued. The clerks do not pro test that they will serve you to the uttermost or further, or die rather than see you wronged by purchasing tickets from another office. They are merely polite, civil fellows ; they answer rea sonable questions promptly, and issue tickets at current rates, for gold or American paper currency. They add nothing to the regular charge. Go to the Oakland Ferry house for tickets to cross the American continent by rail. And, pre suming you subscribe for this paper, and have paid twelvo months' subscription in advance, your journey will be continued, an it should, and you will be individually from $10 to $30 in pocket. Concerning the sleeping cars, they are very comfortable, and cost $22 (£4 Bs.) additional for each passenger to New York. It has become customary for passengers to take a basket with provisions for the journey, and they seemed quite m well served and much better satisfied than we who had meals at the places usual for a necessary process that becomes a barbarism at railway feeding places. The performance Been thus far on this long line of railway is very, very like unto that seen at Helidon. I missed the old familar faces ; nothing else, and was thus more fortunate than some other passengers, who, I am informed, have been fleeced badly by card sharpers. They did play " three-up," "monte";" thought they could win, but didn't " Bless you," ■ays a respectable looking old gentleman, who taken quite an interest in tbu isolated Queens lander, " they never do win. The gamblers on this line are too sharp for any living man." I can add nothing to that sentence in the way of caution to travellers. But gamblers are a terrible infliction on these American railways. People do say that they ought to be punished ; that the directors are to bfame, and all that sort of thing. But were the fleeced ones to resist the tempta tion to play, the gamblers would soon disappear. A poor fellow with a wife and several children aits near me. He has been fleeced ; the wife is after him; so I drop the subject Beyond the stupendous character of the mountains amongst and over whioh the railway passes, and three blooks, each for a few hours in the snow, there waa nothing unusual in the journey—that journey which has been so fre quently described. You have already got particulars of what occurred at Dutch Flat, or German Level ; there was nothing specially interesting be tween that point and Ogden. The whole route was covered feet—in plaoeii yardß—deep in ■now ; the article became monotonous ; and as I am no admirer of snow when one has to live amongst it, we will come on to Ogden. Ogden is in Utah, and it a Mormon settlement Three railways meet here—the Central Pacific, upon which we have travelled so far ; the Union Pacific, that will take us further eastwards ; and the Utah Central, that runs to Salt Lake. As we approached Ogden, enquiries touching the Mormons and their President, Brigham Young, were frequent. It seems a delicate subject, this plurality of wives question, for a traveller comes to see that the more than one wife question is the key to the situation with the majority, Mormons and Gentiles alike. On these American railways men do not appear much disposed to discuss this feature —not until they know the opinions of the questioner. The ladies, however, speak out more freely ; in answer to one at table this morning, touching the state of health of Mr. Young, *c reply was, H He is able to sit in bed and get married 1" It was a Mormau who spoke ; a worn-looking old man. His reply made no one laugh. The few Geutiles present thought the question un necessary, probably. The Mormons, male and female, evidently thought it au impertiuence. These people are truly in great trouble ; and as the description I have to give of their city is brief, a few pages may be devoted to. the sur roundings of the Salt Lake country. But this will require another letter. Tbavel the main north road (writes a corns* pondent) fourteen miles, starting from the Post Office, Brisbane, and you are upon our embryo township of North Pine. The waters of the North Pine will here greet you, and should it not be the spring-tides period, you can make jour horse perform a diagonal waddle for some 160 watery yards and cross. On Raining the opposite bank, you will see the North Pine Hotel on an elevation. Seek its Bhodes and cry " Eureka !" But very probably you have reached the river just at a time when to effect v crossing within the next two hours necessitates a long •wim through the swift current. Don't attempt it, my dear Sir. Dismount, ease that un-Arab like steed, lie on the grassy bank, and meditate—peacefully if you can : for in a few months' time a bridge will span that noble (impatient stuck-up travellers use a more expres sive adjective) river, for the construction of which the country has voted £4000. Its situa tion will be across that green little island you see lying to the westward of the present fordiug place. It is said that the length of the bridge will be 300 feet, and of that comfortable breadth that the ghost of old Bowen Bridge will have no cause to rattle its bones. There is to be a space of 3 feet between the water during the highest of spring-tides and the bridge, bo that vehicles of all description* will have no difficulty in crossing. In flood times the whole structure may be submerged ; but us the river rises mid falls very speedily, the delay to the road traffic will be trifling. 