LIGHTS AND SHiDDV73 OF SPIRITUALISM. In a work recontly published with tho abovo title, Mr D. D. Homo, " tho Medium" (says the Pull Mall Gnzetto), has uudurukmi to support his theories as u spiritualist bv aa appeal to history, In n rhctoricnl aud some what unctuous style ho surveys tho onrly annals o£ Assyria and Ohiildon, Egypt, and PerBia, India and Ohinn, nnd slrr.vj, or attempts to show, that spiritual rauniEosrv tions wore familiar to thoso notions. Tiu- bistories of Greece and Borne are submitted to the Baine process, and doubtfnl facta as well (is unquestionable legends nre quoted so authorities in support of his urgument. Thu3 he accepts the oracles of Delphi m genuino revelations from tho unseen world, and, because Herodotus is n trustworthy his torian, believes all that ho bulls us of mystic rites nnd supernatural phouomeno. Aud the reference to old stories of strange portents is capped by allusions to Mr Homo's own ex perience, Thus the Emperor Vespasian snw in a temple the double of a man known to bo living at a considerable distance, and the same Bpccics of apparition has appeared to Hr Home. The priests of a templo at tho foot of Mount Soracte are stated by Stivibo and Pliny to have walked barefooted over glowing emberB, and Mr Home states that the handling of live coals without injury is n manifestation that has often occurred to him self. In tho lives of saints celebrated in the Soman Catholic Church there are stories told of these worthies having been raised from tho ground, and held without physical support floating in the air. These are manifesta tions of great interest to tho writer, since they are said to corroborate his own experience ; and, for tho same reason, we suppose, he '.relates Btories of apparitions, or fatal prophesies, or magiaal arts, of strange dreams and omens, as though one aud all were of undoubted authority. Apolloaius, of Tyana, for example, to give ona instance among many, is spoken of as n prophet, aud the legend that he recalled a dead girl to life is given as an historical fact. More over, every noble self-sacrificing act recorded is traced to the agency of good Bpirits, and all the evil of past ages isduclo the machinations of evil spirits. Characters well known in his tory or in hteraturejare claimed as spirit ualists by Mr Home, because, like all Christ ians, they believe in spiritual agencies and in a life beyond the grave. Of IVicklitlo, Mr Homo writes : " Whether he was through out life supported iu his task by .communion with spirits is unknown. It may, how ever, be asserted with considerable confi dence that sufficient evidence remains to indicate his having been ou more than one occaBien delivered 'from imminent dan ger by power not of earto." The secret of Lather's success is "that the spirits who surrounded him forced him to their work in spite of himself. . . . When he fainted, they inspired him ; when he was surrounded by dangers, lliey raised him np friends." Calvin and Torquomnda, it is probable, were also supplied with spiritual guides, but guides " of an exceedingly undeveloped class," Banyan, on the other hand, was "one of the noblest of spiritualists," and the famous ghost that troubled the parsonage house of Epworth, whose uoughty deeds are carefully recorded by John Wesley, had probably a tale to unfold which, had ho boon questioned by means of the alphabet, " migh: have convulsed England in the reign of George I." Unfortunately, however, " Old Jeifery" "discovered that, tho vicar's mind was not of a calibre to comprehend his system cf spirit telegraphy. He therefore retired in disgust." j IIX. UvD . lUlUitnut yuib Ul IUC YUIUIUC l.-S devoted to modern spiritualism, and here Mr Home clears tho way for his own performance by exposing the tricks aud contrivances of bis brethren in tho craft. It would almost seem bb if he aloue had the power of levita- tion, of calling up spirits, and performing the signs and marvels which are attributed to mediums, There is a book called " People from tho other Woijd," which Mr Home con siders important enough to need a long chapter for ils refutation, although as acorn- position " it is almost below criticism," and " as a display of reasoaing, altogether be neath contempt," This book is probably as worthless as it is represented to bo, but it can Boarcely be. more foolish than some of the stuff with which Mr Home undertakes to refute it, and his dislike of the volume is perhaps due to the fact that the author does not seem to have . treated him with particular respect, A chapter ou " Ab- surdiu'es " exposes some flagrant follies' of the spiritualists, aud " total abstainers " will be sorry to hear that some of the spirits conjured up are said to have a decided' taste for gin and water, Even the Virgin Mary herself is said to like plum puddiDg, and Mr Home has heard a man re late with tho gravest conviction " how at their seances spirit voices would suddenly speak from ont of the darkness, telling the Bitters, 1 Here we nre ! The Virgin Mary's coming. Get out the sherry wine aud the raisins." The number of swindlers among the spiritualists astonishes Mr. Homo, aud ho observes, of which we have no doubt, that spirits do not come back to this earth "to drink tea aud plBy on tho fiddlo, to give bltGphemonsly ludicrous communications re garding Christ and his Apostles, to strut abpet in skull caps and yellow boots, to teat people over the head with paper tubes, to throw cushions at sceptics, or to tell people by what omnibuses to travel." What the spirits do come for we aro iuformed in another chapter in which under the title ' Higher Aspects of Spiritualism" Mr Homo tells some of his own experiences as well as facts related b '/ friends, There la the apparition of an old woman iu grey silk, who objects to having a coffin placed above her own, and blames n man for cutting down a tree in order to convince a friend of her identity. There is also a strauge story related by Mrs S. O. Hall of what happened one afternoon in her "plcaBnnt drawing-room in Ashley- place," when Miss Audrews, a medium, was present. " Not even this lady's beautiful hair, lier soft eyos aud plaintive voice," says Airs Hal), " had won us to put faith in her mira culous power." We may observe, iu passing, that it would have been strange if they had ; but all doubt wasdispersed when upon agentle- man entering tlio room the medium related a circumstance known only to himself and wife. There is also a tale of a young man who was Bnved from suicide by the intervention of a medium, who was instructed to go out by a spirit voice, and walked along Piccadilly. " When almo9t iu front of Apsley House n miserable group ar rested Lis gaze. Crouched against a wnll and almost bidden by tho night and the ob scurity of the position they hod selected were two most wretched figures. Their squalor nnd liideonsness seemed scarcely to belong to earth Indeed tho medium of whom I spunk doubts to this day whether tho figures whom he saw were real flesh and blood, or a plinntasmagotia which spirits had created for pnrpnses of their own. However, ho haltod and looked at them ; and a young man who wns passing did the samo. At this iml iut the spirit voice again made itself henf.l. 1 Speak to the person beside you,' ran the now mandate, ' nnd on no account suffer him to escape yon.'" The rust of the story need not be told here, but one may be per mittcd to wonder thnt the medium did not test thn reality of these figures by charitably offeiing them some coppers. In a pnssago .already quoted, Mr Homo enys thnt spirits do not come back to earth in order to play fiddles, and yet there seems no reason why a fiddle should not bo as spiritual an instrn mcnt ns an accordion, which, when in Mr Home's hands, is said to produce music beautiful beyond description, without tho intervention of any visih'e touch, Ami if docs not, Btrikc us as any proof of spiritual manifestation that a tabic near to which Mr Hume was silting ebon Id rise within afoot of the ciilitig ar«l then como down with a bang, without disturbing the lamp or other nr'iclca upon it. A long story is told by an Italian counlesB of a 'seance given by fir Home, at which her dead child reappeared to her, and .promised a more distinct proof of her presence the next dny, Ou the morrow ft knocking wns heard upon n box which contained the little girl's boots, With trembling hands tho countess turned the lcoy and lifted tho lid. "On tho clastio of one boot wits imprinted a perfect star, and ia tho centra of the star an eye. The substance with which it is drawn is black ; it has aiuee faded slightly, but remains still thoroughly distiuct. bo mathematically perfect is the drawing that groat skill and precision are neecsBury for an accurate copy to bo taken I have had an engraving made of it, which Mr Home will give, It iB an exact faC'Similo of that cherished token. At eaoli of the six points there is as will be seen a letter. United they form tho name of my darling." The reader has now probably been told enough of the " Higher AspectB of Spiritualism," and we shall only add that Mr. Home's style of composition is pre tentious aud vulgar, and that his mode of allusion to Christianity in connection with tho supposed achievements of modern spiritu alists is in the highest degree offensive, 