ITALIAN OPERA. Rossini's grand opera of Somiramide was performed at the Prince of Wales Opera House last night, for the first timo this season. The opera also served to introduce Signora Guadagnini to the publio iu the title part, being her first appearance during the present season. The remaining cbaraotcrs wore supported as follows : — Areaco, Signora Vcnosta ; Assur, Signor Cesnri ; Oroe, Signor Steffani ; Idrcuo, Signor Camcro ; and L'Ombra di Nino, Signor L'iaella. Of Signora Guadngnini's porformnnce of the part of tlio Assyrian queen, which she has not beforo essayed in Melbourne, wo can Bpenk with praise. Although scarcely in point of physique equal to the serious do- mauds the part makes on oven the greatest of lyric artists, Signora Guadagnini gave a very good presentation of tho character. Her aoting was especially good, and lior declamation in tho third act, during the throne scene, was startling in its quasi reality of passion ; and at the unexpoeted apparition of her husband's ghost her horror was also well feigned. Regarded musically, the performance of Signora Guadagnini was very meritorious. Her most successful efforts wero the oavatiaa, Bol Ragspo ; and the great duet of tho third net with Arsaoe, commencing Ebben, a te. In tho Bel Raggio seleotion she was very successful, and the audience was hearty in its applause, as also after the' duet. Signora Venosta, as Arsnce, cannot be complimented on the condition of her voice, which showed a decided tondenqy to imperfoot intonation almost throughout the opera. Her voice was not well suited in Rossini's exceedingly florid musio, and she made repented altera tions in tho musio of the part which we venture to consider injudicious, if not occa sionally altogether'out of place. She was niost successful in the duet with Remiraniide previously mentioned. Tho great duet, Bella Imago, with Assur, suffered on account of Sig nora Venoata's .voice: being ont of condition. The pnrt'ot Assur was supported by Signor ' Cesfiri in a most effioient manner. Through out all the various duets, trios and concerted music generally in which Signor Cesari has to sing in this opera ho brings to bear in its execution on amount of dramatic energy whioh triumphantly carries him through all difficulties. Wo would wish to suggest to this gentleman that he wonld gain by con trast if he were not always so intense in his singing and acting. A little more repose in manner would be a considerable improvement. Signor Camera sang all that he wns allowed to sing of Idreno's music very well, and as this florid style of vocalising Buits his voice and method, it was a pity iio wns not Al lowed a'ohanco of showing what he could do with it. Signor Stefl'ani was satisfactory in the part of Oroe, as was also Signer. Ciselia as Nino's shadow. ' The choral parts were rendered for the most part in ex cellent style. ' The appearance of the stago was most handsomo during tho performance, tlie.misc en scene of the first and third acta be ing really cnpitnl. Tho great body of singers and general supernumeraries gave a very brilliant effect to tho various scenes through out the opera, and tbe general production of the work rollected credit on tho liberality of the management. . Tile band played the well-known overture splendidly, and gained what was intended for an encore, but not accepted. The orchestral parts throughout were given in a manner calling for tho highest praise, ffemiramide will ho repeated to night. , 