PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS. OPERA HOUSE. A VERY clever variety troupe, introduced as " The Troubadors," succeeded the Italian artists at this bouse, and have been successfully working into public favour curing the week. The entertainment they furnish is an oUa podrida, in which there is something to suit everyone's fancy, excepting those who know not bow good to body and soul is a hearty, genuine laugh. The first part of the programme, an extravaganza, entitled "Two Can Play that Game," introduced Miss M'Henry, Mr. Salisbury, and Mr. Webster, and these members of the company performed their parts so humorously, and, in all respects so cleverly, as to make a first impression of a decidedly favourable character. In " Patchwork," which followed, three other members of the oompany appeared, and in a very little time succeeded in getting on excellent term* with their audience. The acting, singing, and dancing of the troupe are of that order with whiah people do not become familiar in the ordinary concert hall, and this being known, it will be understood why they appear at the Opera House and are doing so very well there. THEATRE ROYAL. Mr. Pope's engagement at this house—his first in Australia—is likely to prove attractive to its termination. He opened with Richard III. on Saturday evening, and for his impersonation of that royal villain he reoeived a very favourable verdict from a crowded house. And, as little or nothing had been done to bias public opinion in his favour, that ready and cordial; acknowledgment of bis merits must be all the more gratifying to bim. In his Richard there is much force and nice discrimination; his conception of it accords, on all material points, with those popular and familiar impressions in whioh repulsiveness of body and mind, towering ambition, uudaunted courage, boundless unscrupulousness, and diabolical duplicity are tbe prominent characteristics. His style of acting is more remarkable for nervousness than for subtlety of expression, but it is, nevertheless, marked by scholarly intelligence, and pleases alike the admirers of the old school and the students of the new. Mr. Harwood's Richmond was vigorous and good, as usual, and the performances of the other members of the company engaged in the production of the tragedy contributed much to the success of its representation. " Richard" gave w&v; to " Macbeth" on Thursday night. This, perb«ps the greatest of dramatic conceptions, almost every aotor of talent or ambition has devoted years of study to represent with fidelity. It is a cLaracter which must for everocaupy a foremost place amongst the creations of Shakspeare's majestic imagination. Few, however, have been equal to the task of realising it with success, although the greatest triumphs which have ever been achieved upon the stage have been won by men who made Macbeth their masterpiece. Mr. Pope is not the best Macbeth we have seen at the Royal, but he has asserted his right to be classed as an actor of the true stamp. On Thursday evening he attained, in particular passages, a very high degree of excellence, and produced, by acting strictly legitimate, deep impressions on the sensibilities of his audience. In the murder, dagger, and ghost scenes, he brought them very fully under the control of his simulated fears, remorse and passion, and at the end of the performance there was a very flattering acknowledgment of his success. As Lady Macbeth, Miss .Carry George played well up to the star, and Mr. Harwood's Macduff was what it always is—really good. Locke's music was well sung by Miss Docy Stewart (Hecate), Misses Nellie and Maggie Stewart, and Messrs. G-reville, Stewart, and Lawrence. To-night Schiller's " Robbers" will be played. ST. GJBOEGE'S HALL Wednesday next will see the last of the Georgia Minstrels, at least for some time to come. Their programme of this week is very attractive, and the attendance consequently good. It serves to display the best talents of the several members of the troupe, and the general effect is extremely satisfactory to visitors. The burlesques are extremely ludicrous, as all really good burlesques are: and the slave scene is realistic, and in some of its features really touching. The banjo playing and dancing are, as heretofore, very commendable numbers in the programme. THE Age of Thursday says:—With reference to a statement which appeared, in the columns of a morning contemporary, to the effect that Lord Caraarvon.theSeoretary of State for the Colonies, had telegraphed to his Ercellency the Governor the views oEH.BH. the Prince of Wales with regard to visiting AnstrAlii^we are authorised to state that his Excellency Sir George Bowen has not received any telegram of the nature indicated. 