THE LADY'S COLUMN. WOMEN AND BORES. (FROM SHE SATURDAY REVIEW.) Men we more easily bored than women, while women are more enbject to ennui than men; and the fact seema to throw some light on the delicate distinctions between ennui and boredom. It would be a mistake to sup pose that the latter is the English type of the former malady, which more nearly resembles the mythical disease that the French call fe spleen. Perhaps, if we try to be accurate, we might define ennui as a general and per* manent weariness resulting from some theory of life, or from some set of conditions that affect the whole tenor of existence. Boredom, ou the other hand, is the cbance depression caused by particular circumstances; as, for example, by the presence of this or that sort of companions, Dy the weather, and so on. Now, it seems natural to expect that, if a woman is to be bored at all, she will ba bored in detail, so to speak-mil be subdued by this or tbat uncongenial influence, rather than depressed by a morbid theory of life as a whole, or by a gloomy habit of mind. Philo sophers, ftom Aristotle downwards, hare epoken of the fair as the creatures of a fleeting moment, and as the spoils, in a barmltsi sense, of opportunity. But this plausible theory ia contradicted by the facts of boredom and of ennui. Women never appear in so amiable a light as in their relations with boreB. Toe world is full of men like St Aldegondein Lothair, 1 sensitive creatures who are always shudder uig at tbe distant prospect of being bored. ; But there aie so tew women like L&dj; Dedlock in Bleak House, that Dickens may be supposed to have fashioned her, like his other loids and ladies, oat of a phantasy which borrowed nothing from observation. When husbands and wires are obliged or induced to go in search of pleasure, the lair naturally foreaees a crowd of perils which will haunt the man, bat which do not scire her. She knows that she will have to lead him, as Faith guides Reason in a popular print, through desolate regions beset by ghostly foes which are to her invisible. She will have to protect him with the backler of good temper and other spiritual armoar from the assaults of bores of every degree. She will be obliged to console him, or at least to listen to his complaints after dinner parties in which the dull and the prosy have beast him on this side and on that. From old ladies who have seen a great deal of foreign society, and are full of talk about the dear Khedive and the eweet Empress; from ama teur mediums, from political prigs, she does not suffer, or does not seem to suffer; and, in fact, she rises above the facts of her environment, while be is the forlorn victim of circamBtauoe. In visits to country houses and in the inevitable encounters with kins folk, this peculiarity of women is peculiarly precious. Even before breakfast, in soma rural home of dreary creatures, a man beholds, as he dresses, the spectre of tbe boredom which dwells on the thresh old of the day. In the rainy morn ing, when the funereal pine-trees wave their wet plumes before the windows, the spectre takes palpable shape. The letter bag arrives, and contains nothing but bills, .and accounts of 12 hours' fighting, which look vastly different from the point of view of Belgrade and of Constantinople. There is nothing to do bat to inspeot the hind* quartets of tbe carriage horses in the stables, or to contemplate one of those fox terriers whicb, according to the sporting ad vertisements, " will fill a gentleman's eye." A gentleman whose eye cannot be thus easily filled, and who can find neither books nor sympathetic company, is the victim of a melancholy at once snappish and ignoble. If he looks forward to dinner, he also looks forward to conversation as dull as the eohoes in a whispering gallery, or in a resonant sepulchre of prehistoric kings. He knows that for the twentieth time be will be found to have forgotten tbe ramifications of his wife's family, and will be detected in shamsful ignorance abont the connexions of the first husband of the widow whom her grand father espoused at bis third nuptials. Mean while the partner of his cares is alert, and even joyous. Sbe has not the scent for bores, as the blacksmith in Silas Marner bad not the smell for a ghost. Women are fortunate in their exemption from a severe social trial, but the spectacle ot their mild enjoyment of the bore is often irritating. No man likes a woman's man, and be who becomes a woman's man by virtus of the veiy qualities that make him distaste ful to his own sex is peculiarly odious. It is not very difficult to discover good reasons why ladies should often welcome him whom men flee from in terror. The bore is almost always in earnest, and this characteristic is sometimes a welcome change. It must be remembered that when men meet women, they naturally expect what the poet calls " an hour of ease," and are not disposed for stern intellectual exercise. Many women of our day, on tbe other hand, look forward to meeting men as their only chance of really improvingconversation. This is where persons like Daniel Deronda have an unfair advan tage ; for they are ready in all seasons to '' quarrel with a duchess about theology." A ballroom or a lawn-tennis party affords tkem as good an opportunity as they could wish of adapting tbe views of Mr. Herbert Spencer to the minds of untaught listeners. A man who. carries about everywhere his farrago of pnilosopby, politics, ethics, and so on 1B naturally considered a bore by men; bat there are always women who can only get their speculative wares from pedlars of this sort Tbe ordinary discussion-shops and lecture-rooms are closed to women, whose demand, indeed, is not regular, and so they welcome tbe occasional visit of the prig. His stock of knowledge-his "notions," as the Americans Bay-may not be of the best quality, and he may not expose them in the fitting place; but there is no other plaoe open, and there are no other notions to be had. Thus women will put up with ths scientific, or the spiritualistic, or the travel ling, or the tuft-hunting bore. They will listen to him whether he proses of Egypt or of Lord's, and they ate gratified by ths demure attention of the well-informed bore, who neglects no possible source of useful knowledge. It must always be remembered that, if women are tolerant of this or that individual bore, it is partly because they bare not time to find him out. He probably talks well about himself_ and his special subjeot; and if he has not time to spoil the impression, he may deceive tbe unwary. A man, to be sun, knows a bare from tbe very first by that on failing instinct which is perhaps the perma nent effect of ancestral experiences. Ths well-informed prig rarely takes a man in, 1st him charm never so wisely. Still there are exceptions; we are all liable to be imposed on; but tbe bore soon reveals himself in his true colours if he baa a chance. There ace so few people who will listen to him that he sticks to those who do, and makes life hideous to them in clubs and places where n>en congregate. With women be naturally hfca not the same obanoes, and an intellectual woman may live in the same house with a bore for weeks and never find him out. I f tbere are female bores-a question wkiok is, perhaps, too subtle for discussion-It is probable that they are not treated by their own sex with quite such gentle tolerance as the male of tbe species. A my» may find a woman to be a not unpleasant neighbour at dinner, and may afterwards learn from bis wife that shs is a bore. Fob* tiibly tbere is some good and sufficient reason why sbe should be spoken of wi'h bitterness, quite apart from the reason assigned. Possibly, on better acquaintance^ he, too, would find her out. At the worst women cannot suffer as much as men do from tedious and depressing persons of their own sex. The male bore has really nothing ia common with humanity ; his pet theme, or theory, or gtievance entirely absorbs tiim. Tbere are topics, on the other hand, about wbich every woman can talk as well as another, and of whioh no woman ought to weary. Thus a lady may be a bore about tbe higher education of women, about Cambridge examinations she may wax ex cessively dreary, about decorative art or abont missions to the Fuegians shs may havs far too much to say. But It is easy with a little tact to allure her from the question of woman's rights to that of lady helps, and so, insensibly and by degrees, to servants at large, and theninto personal gossip. A stream of twaddle abont decoration may be turned into tbe channel of dress, and may then be n ade to flow through rioh domains of small ialk about people. Thus boredom vanishes under tbe spell of sotndal, and woman t scapes from ths plague which is peculiar to the experience of man. 