LOCAL NEWS "WOUBS OP GUACE*"-A numbor of a religious publication, bearing this title, and published ia Mel- bourne by Johnston Brothers, of Queeu-3treet, has been sent to us. It is beautifully printed, on toned paper, and the wood-cut illustrations are of great ex- cellence and spirit. The contents are partly original, and partly selected ; there is a portion specially de- voted to the young ; the tone of the publication seems to be Protestant unsectarian ; and the articles are of the same character as articles in r.eligious nepspapers all the world over. By those who like special literature of this kind, " Words of Grace" will be valued. LAYING A GHOST.--During the past few days, says the Echo of Mondoy, a rumour was prevalent in one part of the city that some ghosts bad been seen in the vicinity of the University, and that they had taken the form cf female figures in flowing robes, and disported themselves amongst the gloomy battlements after the " shades of evening" had closed o'er the city. Numbers of people, intermixed with a large assortment of the larrikin element, congre- gated on several occasions in the vicinity of the seat of learning for the special purpose of having a glance at the special visitants, and last night they were gratified beyond their most snnguine expectations, Sub-inspector Rush received information of their desire, and sent Senior-sergeant M'Kay and sevetal able- bodied constables to give them satisfaction. They found a motley crowd assembled, and also saw a ngura marching up the University avenue dressed in a petticoat and covered with a sheàt. The con- stables immediately gave chase, but this ghost was too nimble for them. It dropped its cerements, vaulted over the palings, and ran across the shrub- bery, where it disappeared among the people and was seen no more. The sheet and petticoat were captured, however, and bore evidence of having been used by some person or persons with little regard for cleanliness. It is to be regretted that the police were not sufficiently cautious and nimble to catch the delinquent, whoBe want of brains appears to have been compensated for by fleetne3s of foot. IMPOBTS AND EXPORTS, POET OF SYDNEY.-The value of the imports at the port of Sydney, for the weekended the 17th February, 1877, amounted to £242,369. The value of exports for the same period amounted to £228,550. RAILWAY CHANGES-The following changes have been made in the railway department with reference to sttttion-maste's on the Great Northern line :-Mr. Smith, of the Honeysuckle Point station, has been piUlllUlBU fcU UÖ QbllblUU-UltlQLCi Ub UlU^lCbUMj JM.f". i Moree, of Hexham, bus besn transferred to Honey- suckle Point, while Mr, Verdon has been removed from Singleton to Uexharn, Other changes are spoken of as likely to occur. A SEXAQKNAHIAN'S BULLET.-During the first week in November there died in Wiesbaden, Colonel von Witzleben, a Prussian officer and an old veteran, who had fought as a lieutenant in the battle of Waterloo, whore be received a riflu bullet in his right thigh. That ball was never extracted, and Witzle ben always asserted he could feel the bullet in his leg. In spite of his wound Witzleben ser red on, rose from step to step till he became a colonel, and died at the age of nearly 86 years. In his last will he ordered that his body should bo examined to ascertain whether the bullet, the pressure of which he had felt for more thun 60 years, was really in his leg. This wish of the old soldier was carried out, and surely enough a flattened rifle bullet was extracted, which had slid down from the thigh into the calf of the leg, and rested between two of its bones. TENDEHS ACCEPTED.-The Gazette of February 23 rays that the following tenders have been ac- cepted by the Government :-M . J. Conlon, works on road, approach Quirindi Railwaystation; Mr. E. F. Wright, erection of bridge over Namoi River, Nar- rabri; the same, erection of bridge over .Narrabri Creek, Narrah 'i ; Messrs. J. Lester and Co , erection of court and watch house, Wallsend ; Mr. J. Wight- man, erection of stable t.t court-house, Murrurundi. ECLIPSE OF TUE MOON.-We foiled to rise early enough yesterday morning to see the oclipBe our- selves, but we loam that it was very perfect, the sky being clear at the time. As reported to us by an early riser, the obscuration began at about twenty minutes to five, and ended soon after half-post five. The total obscuration, its .approach, and tho gradual clearing off was a beautiful sight, but the total obscuration only lasted a few minutes, 1 PABLIAMBNTABÏ AMÍÍNITIBS.-The amenities of Parliamentary literature received an addition to their number on last Thursday evening in the Legislative Council, when the bill to protect animals from cruelty and illtreatment waa being considered in committee. Mr. Docker asked Sir Alfred Stephen what was the meaning of the phrase, " dumb ani- mal" as used in the first clause of the Bill, where- upon Sir Alfred referred to Balaam's donkey, and stated that there were many asses who could speak, looking at the same time straight at the proposer of the question. Mr, Docker returned both the look a nd the compliment, saying that there were indeed asses who could speak, ond it was a pity there were so many. The meaning conveyed by the language used by both gentlemen was unmistakable, and to e ' effect that each regarded the other as an ass. Evidently the example of the Assembly is beginning to affect the manners of the New South Wales Lords, and nuke them as uncourteous as their neighbours. Evening News. ST, PATBICK'S DAY CRLEBBATION.-A meeting of the general committee was held at Ryan's Alma Hotel, on Tuesday evening, at eight o'clock. The principal business of the evening was to consider a proposition to amalgamate, with the Newcastle committee. A deputation from Newcastle, consist of Messrs. O'Malley and Riley, attended, end ex- pressed themselves willing to amalgamate, provided the excursionists from Nowcastle were to have free entrance to the Albion Ground. After some dis- cussion as to the best method of carrying out the views of tbe Newcastle committee, Mr. J. Sullivan proposed, and Mr. P. Enright seconded, that the Maitland mid Newcastle committees amalgamate for the puipose of celebrat- ing St, Patrick's Day, the Newcastle committee to guarantee half the expenses of the celebration ; and the proceeds (if any) to be afterwards equally divided. The motion was carried unanimously. It was then arranged that the excursionists from New- castle were to be admitted ac the Albion Ground free of charge. The sports committee brought up their report, but it was thought advisable to leave it stand over for consideration until the next meeting. Hisnn BKOXJSB'S CONCEBT AT EAST MAITLAND. -On Monday evening, a complimentary concert was given to Herr Becker, in the Mechanics' Institute, East Maitland, by a number of his pupils, aided by lady and gentlemen amateurs from West Maitland and Newcastle. There was a fashionable attendance. The instrumental duets and trios of Herr Becker's pupils were admirably played ; it was a great treat to listen to such renderings of gloriousmusic. 'Avery nicely varied programme was presented, with just sufficient of the comic element to make it amusing. Two recitations were included-and one, part of the poem of Shamus O'Brien, was given with great force and feeling. Among the làdy-singers, she who ren- dered "The Lover and tho Bird," and "Wilt thou linger near me," deserves great praise for her careful execution, that being the reBult of conscientious practice, which enabled her to' display her exquisite voice to great advantage, Another young lady, who gave " When Sparrows build," and " Woodland Whispers," pleased greatly by the vigour of her rendering, and the distinctness of her enunciation, and deserved the recall given on each occasion of her appearance. Shebas something to leura, how- ever, in order to make her really good voice truly effective in public singing. We have mentioned the instrumental duets ; we may also commend a piano solo, "Massai in the cold, cold ground," os a clever presentation of that sort of musical flourishing which overlays a simple air with endless variations, The gentlemen singers were practised vocalists, and the audience had the pleasure of listening to " The Village Blacksmith," " The wind that wafts my sighs to thee," " Happy be thy dieams," and " Now my courage," admirably rendered. But the gem of the evening was " Ruby," which the singer gave with great pathos and effect. His other song was " My Queen," and he does well to choose such themes for the display of a voice which practice is mellowing into an exquisite organ for the rendering of pieces of which deep feeling is the characteristic, Between the parts, a gentleman did some conjuring tricks, in the Lingleok style, which were much appreciated. Herr Becker was the accompanist throughout, and at the close of the first part played a fantasia "Negro Dance," in most effective style. Alto- gether, the concert may he designated a musical feast. THE WEATHER AND THE RIVER AT BOURKE. Since our last we have been visited with warm weather, and at present there is no appearance of Tain. The temperature has averaged a hundred dur- ing the week, and although we learn of rains higher up, still we seem as far off as ever from the welcome visitant. The river ie now about eighteen feet above summer level here, and rising fast. The steamers are daily expected, and before the week is ended we hope to see a few here, which will materially add to our supplies by the nature of their cargoes.-The rise in the river has induced the steamers to visit us once more. On Thursday eveninglaai the Corrowa arrived in command of Mr. Adams, the mate ; her barge has been loaded here some weeks, and awaiting the rise. The Corrowa bringa a cargo of rough timber, which was left behind at Toorale by the Kennedy, consigned to Messrs. A. Boss and Co., (17 tons). She will lea^e on Tuesday next for Adelaide. Tho steamers doolwa Menindei, Maranoa, Black Swan, and Bourke, are on the river, and may be expected daily.-Bourke Teh graph, Feb. 17. ENOBMOUS BUNCHES OF GUAPES.-Mr. Roberts, of Charleville, says, Gros Guillaume with me can be grown up to 251b. the bunch, a weight which I think no other black gr.ipe can reach. It is good in shape and in form, well coloured, aad excellent in flavour when kept up to mid-winter and onwards, and it will hangaa long as may be desired ; it is a strong grower, and a free bearer. The three bunches of it which I lately exhibited in Dublin, woighod collectively over 451b.; tiiese were grown on the one vine. The crop was reduced to that number to meet the terms of the Royal Horticultural Society's schedule-via., to have three bunches to form the " dish." Had there been a class in the schedule for the " heaviest bunch," then I should in all probability have reduced the crop to the single hunch, and I have no doubt I should have been able tohave grown the largest bunch of the three shown to a weight over 25!b., and that with evenly swelltd and well-coloured berries.-Gardeners'Re- cord. BELGIAN CONSUL, SXDIIEY.-The Gazette of Feb( 23, says that Octnvius Levi Montefiore, Esq., is to be recognized provisionally as Belgian Consul at Syd- ney, pending the receipt of Her Majesty's exequatur. MEDICAL OFFICER, POUT MACQUARIE,-It is stoted in the Gazette of Feb. 23, that John Spencer, M.R.C.S., E,, has been appointed Government Medical Officer ond Vaecinator for tho district of Port Mac- quarie. FORFEITED CONDITIONAL PURCHASES.-A notice in the Gazette of Feb. 27, gives the names of a num- ber of selectors whose conditional purchases have been forfeited for non-residence. I MORPETH POLICE COURT.-The sitting magis- trates at the Morpeth police court yesterday, were Messrs. Addison P.M., and C. E, Jaques, J.P. Four cases of riotous behavior wore disposed of and three Were withdrawn, Miss CLARA SrBPHEmoN.-Tbeplay-going public of Maitland and "district Are promised agréât treat ¡during the next Jew" days. Aa will b§ seas in our advertising columns, the,above really talented, 'actress, .who bas lately been playing to large and, (appreciative audiences in Sydney and elsewhere» ¡ will appear at the Victoria Theatre for three nights, " commencing with Saturday evening. Miia Stephens li son is represented by the metropolitan press ¡311) having few equals in the characters assumed by hw; Miss Stephenson is accompanied by a good dramatic and burlesque company. We have not the slightest doubt but that the Maitland public wdl accord this lady ample patronage. POLICE PROTECTION FOR HINTON.-Some few weeks ago the police officer stationed at Hinton was removed, for some reason or reasons unknown and ever since the residents of that town have been left without police protection of any kind, save an occa- sional visit from Sergeant Gordon, of Morpeth. The want of some one to keep order is beginning to show itself, and in proof of this we would direct attention to our police report, where it will be seen some seven or eight young men were charged with riotous behaviour. We quite agree with Mr Addison's remarks, and believe it is " highly neces- sary that some one should keep peace." We hope that a policeman will be stationed at Hinton before long, as we think that the case referred to would never have come before the court were it not for the removal of the constable. BUGGY ACCIDENT.-On Tuesday afternoon last, on accident happened to a valuable horse belonging to Mr. J. C James, of this town, the result of which was that the horse bad to be destroytd. It seems, that in order tn transact some business with a couple« of friends, Mr. James alighted from his buggy, andt secured the horse attached thereto by means of a small chain used for that purpose. The flies ap- peared to plague the horse somewhat, and in shaking his bend about to disturb these pests, the ring of the bit which was in the horse's mouth got caught on the hook of the post to which the horse had beera secured. The result was that off came the winkerW and away dashed the horse up Elgin-street. In thïVL course of a few seconds the horse and buggy cameiax into contact with a cart at the corner of Elgin-street, i\\\ the shaft of which ran into the shoulder of Mr. James' horse. The poor brute, after proceeding a» short distance further up High-street,' freed himself from the buggy, and fell in front of the saddlery establishment of Messrs. Humby and Chamberlain; Many willing hands were soon on the spot render- ing what assistance they'could in order to rescue the» affrighted horse. When Mr. James saw the natur» and extent of the injuries received by the horse, that gentleman at once ordered the destruction of thor animal The shafts of the buggy were broken, and the harness more or less injured. TARRED PAVEMENTS -Mr. Lispombe. of this town, (says the Molong Express) has handed us the fol- lowing for publication :-Mr. Watt, City Engineer of Melbourne, has adopted a cheap kind of pavement in that city, which, appears to answer the purpose admirably. He has laid down during the last two years 60,000 yards of what he calls " tarred pave- ment," and is laying down more as fast aa the requisite material can be procured. It is not affected injuriously by summer heat, which in fact see me» to mako it harder, and it is both durable and ,in- expensive. "The processlby which it is made isa» followi :-2£-iDch bluestone metal, well coated with hot gas tar, is laid to a depth of three inches, well rolled and Consolidated ; machine metal, screening» (with the fine stuff sifted out of it) well tarred, i» laid to the depth of about an inch or an inch and a half on the top of the metal, and again well rolled. Upon this ia laid the fine screenings, well tarred and rolled, and then it is finished off with a thin coat of dry sand. This absorbs any tar that might come to the surface, and also keeps the stuff from breakingr whilst it is setting. The footway is at once available for traffic. A roller is used, weighing about 15 cwt.; which requires to be kept wet during the process, tot pevent the stuff sticking." The cost per squara yard in Melbourne is Is, Od. REGISTER OF CHRMIBTB AND DRUGGISTS.-In th» Gazette of Feb. 27, appears a register of chemist« and druggists and other persons who are registered: under the provisions of the " Sole and Use of Poi- sons' Act, 1876." CONDITIONS OF RBBIDTNCE AND IMPROVEMENT-. -A supplement to the Gaselte, dated Monday, Feb. 26, contains a list of conditional purchases, respect- ing which it is alleged that the conditions of resi- dence and improvement have not been or are not being fulfilled, and which have consequently bee» referred to Commissioners for inquiry. TIN OBE.-The following, from the Herald, is » return of tin ore forwarded from Murrurundi railway station during the week ended February 24,1877: TT, 3 tons 5 cwt. 1 qr. ; Tingha, 6 tons 6 cwt. 2 qre 20 lbs. ; Britannia No. 2,3 tons 2 cwt. 2 qrs. 20 lba ? PS over E, 25 tons 5 cwt, 2 qrs. 2 lbs. ; Swinton, » tons 15 cwt. 1 qr. 4 lbs. ; H&G;, 6 tons 8 cwt. 3 qrs,f BBS, 8 cwt. 3 qrs. ; IM in diamond, 5 tons 2cwt.;. M, 2 tons 7 cwt. I qr. 8 lbs. ; n&G; over Tinga, 3 ton» 14 cwt. 3 qrs. ; HO, 2 tons l8 cwt. Total, 68 ton» 13 cwt. 3 qrs. 26 lbs. THE VINTAGR AT AUTOHY.-The late rain»,, though not sufficiently heavy to be of much service t , to graïierB, will be of material benefit to vignerone.^i'l The grapes are now nearly ripe, and the showers -g.-! which fell towards the end of last week have had tha effect of increasing the size of the herries, and, con- sequently thf'amount of juice. The vintage willipi**. bably commence in the course of a fortnight,-AI~ burg Banner, JF«6. 24» THE WRATH ran AND THE CBOPS AT BATHURST. -One of the most beneficial visitations that could come upon the district auna on Thursday evening last, in the shape of a heavy thunderstorm. Tbe> lightning was very vivid, but there was very foi» heavy peals of thunder. For a time the rain earner down in streams and the gutters and creeks in Bith urst were soon filled, while the streets were washed clean of all the dust and debris. From,reports which? have reachod us, we can state that the Sall was heavi- est in Bathurst, and about Evan's PI lins and Mount Ranken, other parts of the district being only visitedt by a slight rain. Although the district is suffering from a scarcity of grass and water,, the wheat yield) this senson has been, fortunately, a very heavy one« The same may be said of the hay crop. As an in- stance of the productiveness of the agricultural land in the district we may mention the fact that the> Messrs. Boardman, of Evans' Plains, this season have» obtained a yield of 4,400 bushels of wheat from 200 acres of land-the whole of the crop haviog been hgused by the two brothers in a very short time with 'ittle ossistance. All things considered an average yield of 20 odd bushels to the acre on a farm of 209 acres is not so bad.-Bathurst F ee Press, Feb. 24. THE AMERICAN PUBLIC is shrewd, and extrava- gant end irreconcilable pretensions in behalf of fk. luedicinal or any other article excite ita distrust. When, however, amply attested remedial results» long standiug, and professional recommendation» ^. corroborate reasonable pretensions, public favor V"?^ speedily and permanently si cured. This is the UM** with UDOLPHO WOLFE'S SCHIEDAM ABOJI>*£1 SCFNAPPB, the ruling specific for debility, lifin gestion, gravel, gout, rheumatism, and. many otuuc ailments, < 