ONE WITNESS. A TALE OF CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE. BY J. R. W. Ambebsley iB the county town of one of the smallest English counties. So simple and inoffensive is the city, that it has not unfreauentlv happened that the judges going upon assize havo been presented with the traditional white gloves which are given to the representatives of justice on circuit when they arrive at a town where there is no prisoner for them to try, or other work to achieve. I Bnt when the reader is presented to the small county town of Ainbersley, there is plenty of work to bo done by the justices — no less than tho trial of a man for murder —one Harry Walsingham, a young gentle man of wasted fortune, who is perhaps rightly condemned by general opinion for I reprehensible conduct. I Readers will permit us to present to them all the characters mentioned in this tale. Sir Edgar St. Maule.— A gentleman no I longer young, being quite sixty years of age. He is a noble and generouB gentle- man, againBt whom no charge of wrong doing haa ever been brought. He is a justice of the peaco, and indeed, one of the I magistrates who committed Harry Wal- I singham to prison upon an indictment for the murder of David Budoley. Lady St. Maule.— She is very young and beautiful. She has only been the wife of I St. Maule for about twelve months, and she is still in half-mourning for her mother, who died some months alter Her daughter a 1 wedding. The house in which she and her husband are living has belonged to her I family for a very long time. The mansion and its grounds constitute all the property I that the lady brought her husband — except I her youth and her beauty. It is quaintly Bituated in tho town itself, I and not far from the court-house. Captain Fairholt Piorrepoinh — A hand- I some, dashing man of thirty, in a line regi ment, and who returnod to England about I the time of the destruction of the man concerning whose death tho trial in ques- I tion is taking place. I Harry WalBingham. — A handsome, easy- I going fellow, about twenty-five years of age, fair, candid, smiling, and selfish, who I would sell his birthright — not due until to-morrow — for a cup of champagne to-day a man charming to look at, and totally hopeless as a member of society. It iB this i individual who is being tried for hiB lifo. Grace Walsingham. — She is the sister of the man being tried for his life. She is a j gentle, gracious creature, and (as it always is in this world) she is suffering, while quite innocent herself, for the guilt of others. I She has been tuken by Lady St. Maule under hor protection, and is living in Sir Edgar's house at tho timo of tho trial. I Giles. — This man is a keeper to Sir Edgar. Ho is a frank, violent man, of I about forty-five, jealous of look, and I audacious in behaviour. Much is pardoned I him becauso ho is an old soldier, who has I Bcrved in tho Crimea, who has the Inker- I man medal in his pocketbook, and who I fought with Sir Edgar in that baronet s I regiment. To complete these introductions, some reference must be made to a person who will not appear in this tale. To these statements must be added some description of the dead man. ' The first is Susan, wife of the baronet's keeper lie hud married her when he was about iorty. She was a stranger to the towu. Her husband had found her some- where in London, during a flying visit to the metropolis, and he had brought her home, his wife. lie was madly jealous of the woman, and perhaps I10 lne I cause to be so, for a more worthless and untrust worthy creature never lived. Wo have now only a few words to say concerning the dead man, and our intro ductions are over. He hud been called David Budeley. Ho was a man of the lowest passions, nnd of the greediest pro- pensities. A money-lendet of tho worst sort, he had grown gradually very rich, and equally exacting. He had neither relation nor friend, and after his violent death there was no human being to cluitn his wealth, which was remarkable in amount and variety. 'We must now ask tho reader to accom pany us to the drawing-room of Sir Edgar's house, and on the morning of the trial. Lady St. Maule is alone, and looking very palo, when suddenly the door is opened and Captain Pierrepoint hurriedly enters the room. She utters 11 quick cry, and she snys — " You here !" "Yes, l.ady St. Maule, though I never intended to cross your threshold again." " You gave me your word, as an officer and a gentleman, that you would not return to Ambersloy, and I, on my side, pro mised that upon no inducement would I leaVO lUlS lOlVn HO Ullll tvu ouumu ui-rc, meet on this side of the grave. Why have you come back ?" ' Clara — I beg your pardon, Lady St. Maule. — lam bound to say I never intended to break my pronii.se to you, but the posi tion in which tny cousin is placed compels me to be here." "Your cousin?" "Yes, Henry Walsingham, who is wrongly accused of murder." " Wrongly accused I Oh, how glad I am to hear you say those words I And you cau prove his innocence ? Then, indeed, Fairbolt,. 1 am glad to see you back in Ambersloy. How can you prove that ho is guiltless?" . " I saw Budeley killed." " You saw Budeley destroyed ?" " Yes." "And yon said nothing about it? 1 remember now, that the man was killed about tho time you must have quilted Am- bersley." " As I was leaving it. " Did you say nothing concerning the crime ?" "I dared not." " Why not ?" " I was leaving this house." Lady St. Maule uttered a low aud terri- fied cry. " Lady St. Maule, what am I to do ? I I know you to be innocent, and myself to bo I an honourable man ; but if the truth wero I told, your good namo would be lost for ever. Who would believe that you were pure and virtuous, if it was told how, bo- I fore you were married, I visited you here iu secret because your mother did not like me, because we loved one another, because I we were secretly engaged?" " True— true !" said the poor lady. " Who would believe that, coiniug homo from India, on Bick leave, secretly and innocently I journeyed down here, and entering the grounds by means of the key I you had .given me long before, made niy way to tho room wliere we useu to meet, and which is now your bedroom." " What is to bo done ?" asked the poor lady. " I knew nothing of your marriage, nothing of your mother's death, nothing of the changes that had taken place. I only knew that I loved you, that I was in England, and that I could make my way Becretly into this house, where I had not been for two years." " There is no need to repeat facts, Fair- holt. My mother's fortune was suddenly lost. I feared to tell her tho truth, dread- iog that the shock would kill her, nnd I accepted St. Maule (without loving him, I admit) to save my mother from a miserable end. She never knew the truth. I and Sir Edgar kept it from her." " Aud all was needless," said the cavalry captain, " for she died iu a very short time. You sacrificed the whole of your life that the last three months of her life might be peaceful— just at the moment, too, when I cntne in for my fortune, and when, leaving the army, I could havo offered you a com- fortable home." _ " The post is not to be retrieved. Tell m0— what of this miserable man ?" " When I gave you my word never to see J you again, aud you had left me, I turned I to the window. I had one foot over the I edge of the balcony, when I heard voices 1 in the avenue below. The next moment I there was tho sound of a heavy blow and the fall of a body. I heard hurried steps, and then ran out into the moonlight and saw your husband's keeper, Giles. I " The keeper !" I " The keeper. After a time, hearing no I other sound, I dropped to the ground, and I saw lying there a human being. It was in shadow. I had no other means of aBoertain- I ing who it waB than by striking a mutoh. I I had called, and no answer had been returned. By the light of the wax-taper, I saw and 1 reoogniBed the man as Budeley, the money lender iu these parte. I felt certain that he waB dead. I had seen too muoh death in India to doubt as to what had happened. The keeper had struck him over the right temple with his gun reversed, and the trigger, driving its way through tho skull, hadoaused death." " The keeper— the keeper 1" cried Lady St. Maulo. " But what object could ho have had in killing that miserable man ?" " I cannot tell, for I oould not follow their conversation. I am only certain of this — that the man who killed Budeley was Giles, the keeper." " And jou fled without saying a word?" " What could I do ? The man was killed in the avenue of limes under your windows, and in your grounds. The keeper had a right to be there, because, as 1 know now, the wall of your old garden had been I opened to afford access to Sir Edgar's ad- joiuiug premises. How the money-lender oame to ba there is a mystery. What oould I do ? How oould I aoconnt for my presenoe without compromising you. Tliat was not to bo thought of ? I oould not restore tho man to life, and I was not bound, at any sacrifico, to ferret out tliu murderer." I "You were very good." I " I meant to keep my promise — novor to return to Amberaley, for I would not count 1 upon your husband's death, Clara. I went away from England. It was only by the merest chance that I saw nu account of I Harry Walsingham being committed to I prison for tho murder of Budeley, and even then the paper in which I saw the I news was three weeks old. At once I tole- I graphod to England and to this place, and asoertaiaod that" the trial had not com- menced. I am here, and, thank Heaven, in time to save him." .. Hon— how?" asked the unhappy lady. " I do not know liow ; but if I10 was the greatest stranger to me, 01- my most thorough enemy, I would not allow him to ho condemned." " But my good name will be destroyed !" ' No; I have thought of one plan and I do not think it will tail. I havo thought of aseuond, which I know must succeed." " What are they ?" " I will not, tell yon. Clara; lmt I entreat you to believe that ail will be well. Trust in 1110." " I do rely upon you, as once I hoped to trust in your life." "And now tell me," said Pierrepoint, " what is the basis of the charge agaiust liim ?" M - i "He had borrowed money of Budeley,' said Lady St. Maule ; " and this was known to the dead man's clerk. On the after noon preceding the murder, Mr. Walsing- bam had been at the mail's office askiug for | timo, and tho money-lender had refused in offensive language. He always carried his documents about with him ; and this was known iu the town. After the death, Walsingbam's promissory notes were missing' from the dead man's pocketbook, which had evidently been rifled, for one of his papers was found near the body, ft was the absence of Mr. AVnlsinghaui's papers, and tho declaration of the clerk to the effect that lie had heard Mr. Walsingham use threatening language to his master, which led to an investigation. The half-burnt remains of the papers in question were fouud in a grate at Mr. Wulsiugham'splace, and his gun was discovered with marks of blood upon it, although it had evidently been recently washed and cleaned. Then followed the accusation." I Pierrepoint nodded his head. I " You see what has occurred," ho said. I "Giles, taking to flight immediately after ho had committed tho deed, returned to the dead man witli the view of takiug measures to cast the crime upon somo other than himself. Ho fixed upon Walsingham, whose I gun he happened to be carrying; for ho I was very familiar with tho rascal, and I frequently employed him in one way or I another. He, therefore, stolo the promissory notes held by Budeley, and signed by Walsingham, and purposely half-burnt 1 them in Wulsingham's house — perhaps the 1 next morning." " Horror !" cried Lady St. Maulo. 1 " For the same purpose, he cleaned the I gun, leaving however, sufficient marks 1 upon tho fire-arm for detection. A had 1 and unscrupulous man." At this moment Lady St. Maule uttered an agoiiised scream. She saw tho murderer onteriug the room, nnd holding a letter in his hand. " Fairholt. do not lot him oome nearer ! " What do you want '?" " A letter, sir, from Sir Edgar to my lady, sent on from the court, aud about the trial." " Put it down, nnd leave the room. Tho keeper gave his old military look about him, as though searching for an enemy, and saluting, he withdrew. " Water !" said Lady St. Maule. " I am fainting I" ... When sho was able to speak again, she said, "Tell, me, and in few words, what you mean to do ?" \- " First, to wait until the trial is over. There is a chance that ho may be declared innocent-. If that is the ease, then he and you will he botli saved. " But theu the guilty man will go un punished." " That is true." "And a stigma will rcmnin upon your cousin's good name 1" 1 » No. I lisve thought of a moans of clear ing him from ali doubt." _ I " Do not ask me, for my plan ib my Beoret-" ... , J in " Then WnlsinRham will be saved I 11 Oh, yea," said the Captain, looking very sadly at' bis lu.-t love. " My cousin will assuredly ba Baved !" . At thin moment, beyond tbe front winnows or tbe house, which abutted on the fi«gb- street, there wsb considerable movement aud agitation. , . i> I Tho court, in fact, had adjourned for half an hour, it being about two iu the day. " Sir Edgar will como in for his lunch," said Lady St. Maule, " and I will preeont. you simply ub au old friend of my family. I leave tn von the rest. All, here is Grace 1 One of the sweeteat English faces ever seen was now marked to Pierrepoint, as he saw its owner hurrying into the room. She did not observe the visitor. ' Clara," Bhe said—" Clara, they all say that my brother is innocent. Oh, they cannot, they shall not take my brother away from me 1" , " Grace," said Fairholt Pierrepoint, bling, "do you not know me?" She looked for a moment. Then a great brightness coming upon her face, Bhe said. » Cousin Fairholt, is it yon? Oh, yon have oome to save Harry from his cruel persecu tion 1 How good you are— how very good you are!" , ... Aa he felt her fair young arms about his neck, he thought, " How little she knowB with what truth she speaks! Truly I have come here to save her brother 1" And even at that pass, in .tho midst oi his terrible mental mystery, he ihouglit how beautiful Bhe had become, and what a charming young English lady slio appeared t0 ,,e- ... 1 The linlf-hour flew by quickly and once more the court was densoly packed, listen ing to the trial. Then it was that Piorropont tracked mi 1 in n rmSnl- nrti-n ltd U1163, ana gotuutf mm iu it ..w . said, " Well, Giles, what do you think of the trial ?" I ' Well, sir, I think Mr. Walsingham will swing." I " Why ?" " Because I think lie killed poor Budeley. "No, you don't! You may think Mr. Walsingham will be hanged, but you can- 1 not possibly believe that ho killed Budeley.' I " Why not ?" " Because you killed tho man 1" I "I. sir?" "Yes! I saw you!" _ I "Ah!" cried the keeper, off his guard; " it was no ghost ?" I " What ! You caught sight of mo ?', Tho cunning, determined, adroit, and I unscrupulous keeper thought for a moment, and then, a diabolical smile spreading over his face, ho said, " Yes, sir, 1 saw you !" " Then you know that I could denounce you!" „ ,, " You. mean — givo mo up? Yes, you could do that ; but you won't!" "Why not?" " Because the ghost T took you to be camo from my lady's bedroom !" " Ah !" . , " If you gave me up you would rmu her olmracter, aud that you dare nut do 1 Oh, yon men who take forbidden fruit have a way of honour all your own 1 You dou't kiss nud toll ! No, you will not givo information against me !" ' Wreloh !" » Speak bb yon will, sir. You live your life, and I livo minu." » Why did you fix tUe guilt upon WuIwhe- ,liam V\ . . " Why ? Becauso I revenged myself upon the two men who havo duno me the same wroug ! My wife— my Susan — alio would havo remained true to me if Budoley had not tempted her with his money — if Walsingham bad not temp-ed her with hia good looks and liia iitieiiiiona. I trupped Budeley, to where ho waa done for, by a leifer supposed to be written by my runaway wile. He fell into the pit ! How i: oame to be, unless the devil himself was at the bottom of it all, that I had Wulsiugtiam's gun instead of my own, I shall uevor kuow, any more tbau I eh&U; bo able to tell how it wus that the thought came 011 111 er to steal the papers aud half, burn them iu Wulsingham's house. But I knowthat it is nil done, ana that I am not sorry 1" Pierrepoint looaed at the man und BftW a strange wildness iu his eyes. " Giles, you ure every day drinking more than is good for you." " I know it. Since my Susan has left mo I am moro like a madman than anything else. There ! I bore it all while she stayed with me ; but: she has gone away, and I believe Mr. Walsiughatn knows where she is." I " Do you think so ?" " Yes, and here is a bargain 1 Let btm I tell me where she is — lot me only reach her" I (here his bauds clenched) — " and I will CR" I less Budeley's murder last enough, for it will matter little." I ' You mean that you would kill your wife if you find her." I " 1 do mean it, man — dead as a stone. " What would you say if I knew where sho I was?" " y,m !" , „ " What if I can furnish you with the I means of finding her ?" " At once V" I "You are poor aud cennot follow this I woman. Write a letter, confessing the crime, give it to me, ana men go awnjr from this plane with money that I shall give you." He laughed. " Two thousand pounds. ' Ho shook his wild head. " No." " Five thousand ?" " No." " Even ten thousand ?" " No— no -no 1 If I went away, she might repent white I was searching, come back, aud I should not ba horet Then sho would learn the truth, and sho would bate me for ever," " Will nothing tempt you ?" "Nothing but my wife. Givo me back my wife." Fairholt saw that all was useless. The man was almost a maniac by the loss of hi3 iufamous wife, who had tied, whither or w ith whom he knew not, and had left him in a state of mad despair, the more des perate that his masculine pride compelled him to disguise the misery he felt. " lleaveu forgive ybu, my man," said the cavalry captain, rising, " for your victims aro many. Aud to think," tho captain pondered, " that all these things take placo in consequence of the heartlesBness of that I woman, the wife of this keeper Giles, found I by him no ono knowB where. _ So my only I chance is in the hope that the jury find him not guilty 1" Alas! that same evening, after many weary hours, the jury fouud Harry Wal singham guilty and he was condemned to death. nn?#* It was about nine in tho evening when Captain Fairhult Pierrepoint presented htrn- seli before Sir Edgar and Lady St. Maule. I He was very pale. His first question was 1 coucerning liis cousin Grace, the sister of tho condemned wun. He heard that Bhe had been oompelled to take narcotics, but even in the depths of clmtrt aim WAR flti.l Ur&Viuttt; ftUd calling for her brother iuoe»santly. Ludy St. Maule had by this time presented the oaptain to her husband. " You will pardon me calling so late in the evening,'1, said Fairholt ; " hut I am leaving the town. I wish to plaoe in your handB a letter wbioh is of very considerable impor- tauoe, aud which you will read u quarter of au hour uiter I have quilted you." ; Lady St. Maule started, looked at Pierre- point's face, saw tragedy written there, and, with a womuu's instinct, Bhe divined that lie wus in duuger. She rose and went to one corner of tne room, where a gentleman was busily consult ing certain papers. " Mr. Small," sh« said, "you see the gen- tlemau talking to dir Edgar ?" " Yes," replied the individual in question, and who, iu fact, was the counsel who had defended Walsingham. " He is in danger of himself. Will you go to the court-house opposite, and order a I couple of constables to watch him, and, if it I can be done, even arrest him as he leaves I ihia house?" I . " What can you mean?" " I think he contemplates suiotde." I " Oh I let me look at him. Yes, there is I despair in his faoe, I'll do better ; 1 11 get a I warraut from one of the justices. But upon I what ground ?" 11 Say—say he is mad ; and — and has acoitsed himself ol Budeley'e death." I The lawyer looked at Lady St. Maulo as though he thought it was she who must ba insane. I But marking hor calm, resolute face, hQ I smiled, and hurried from the room. I Before he returned, Captain Pierrepoint I rose, and oalmly wished Sir Edgar and Lady St. Maule good night. I Lady St. Maulo walked toward the door with him. , , I " You are safe," he said. " Good-byo, and I for evert" I "Good- byo!" she said. I Tho ouarter of nn hour through wliioli sho then passed aged her many years. " The fifteen minutes are at an end," said Sir Edgar. " Lut us eee what this cavalry captaiu of the doleful countenance httB to say for himself." Sho did not dare to trust herself to say a word. " Horror !" cried tho baronet. " Hs ac cuses himself of tho murder of the man Budeb'y, and says that by tho timo this letter is being read, he will have expiated his crime by suicide." It wus then sho contemplated tho im mensity of her selfishness in not at once revealing the facts to her husband. She felt that an innocent life had been saori- With a terrible cry, sho was about to tell Sir Edgar all, when the door oponed, and Mr. Smuil, with tho acutonesB of his race, seeing what was about to happen, saved her by saying, . " Sir Edgar, your friond Captain Pierre- poiut has been arrested upon some charge, aud is now safo in custody." That same night, the miserable man Giles, suddenly seized with uu attack of delirium tremens, blurted out the whole of tho particulars of tho murder. Iu fact, ho I mado au unintentional confession of acts I aud motives ou his part. But not a word I did he say about Captaiu Pierrepoiut. Certain material points of evidence were I corroborated, and when, the next morning, I tho wretched man came to his senses, he I learned what ho had dono. I Ho was committed for trial, and Wal- I singham acquitted ; but it is possihio that I his actual confoaaion vros brought! about, not by any repentance on hie part, but by that bis abominable wife was dead, in consequence of inflammation u i? iun>8' taken ut a ball-room, where he had worn a very low-cut dress. He ascertained these facts by an application for the payment of certain debts. Then he confessed his crime fully, and threw light upon every point. However, ho saved the executioner a morning's work by strangling himself in prison. The sacrificial confession made by Fair- holt Pierrepoint, written to snve Walsing- ham, and at the same time to protect Lady St. Alaule from shamo, was never made publio. _ -hut Sir Edgar himself found the confes sion in question involved in obscurity. He sought enlightraent from young Mr. Smail, the rising barrister; nnd, inasmuch as lawyers are paid to speak falsely, Mr. Smail had no difficulty whatever in expressing himself according to tl.o following terms : — "Captain Pierrepointloves Miss Walsing- ham, and in a foolish' and reprehensible spirit of insane self-sacrifice, he accused himself, and went the length of contein- plating suicide to save her brother. He aid not know that she had loved him over since she was a little girl. And now all this ugly business is over, it is to be hoped they will marry." Three months afterwaids Sir Edgar said to his wife, " You see, Smail was right. Pierrepoint has married Grace and has behaved very handsomely to Miss "VYalsing- ham." And so it came about that Lady Maule's ecret was not revealed. 