.iMiiisi j5.iltafo<ifcr cult ; w 7 UK, TWENTY-FIVE YEARS OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE. by donald cameron Author of " Scripopolis." dx., dc. Though shadows author, smi-hinc fades and life appears a vale of -orrow : taint is tin- heart that Hod upbraids — Ihe sun will -hino again to-morrow ! EPOCTI LL— 1800.— DEATH. I'AUT III. SCKNK I. Floiu nml licr child, with Mrs. Soafortb, lind raiulo haste to cot into the thickest part of Hie scrub, in order to escape from tho indignities which tho bushrangers alwnys inflicted on nnv females that ft if into their hands. Little lloraco bravely endured tho horrors of the flight, and nev.'r niterrd a crv hucaitso his mother had told l.iru that it was necessary to he quiet. Mrs. Seaforth had some ui In culty in keeping up with Flora, and tho exerlion was almost too much for her. "I can go no further," said sho at last, when they hail reached n dense part of the wood, whore primeval night reigned. " I feel ns if I could lie down and die. ft is best for you to proceed, Flora, and leave me here 1 am of no account." "No, no," sai.i Flora; "I will not leave yon, dear. I think wo aro out of reuch. Wo can wait hero until sunrise, when we may ho able to reach some house. Perhaps our people have beaten tho bushrangers." Ihu tlireo sat down under a htigo tree, winch rose out of the surrounding underwood, liko haul amidst the Is-aelites. Tho densc- noss of tho wood made tho spot rather warm, hut still, ns they sat He ro hour after hour, tlioy became chilled. Flora huddled her boy to I her breast to keep hint warm, but still the little fellow suffered; and, though ho man. fully strove to keep up appearances, he could not but moan occasionally. ft wrh with deep tlinriks to heaven that I'lora noticed tho dawn, and she bade her companions riso and walk about, to restoro circulation and warmth. Tho throe moved round in tlio con lined space, and soon some glow of warmth was infused into their frames. "What is that?" cried Flora, as sho pasBed beyoud the space and was about to roturn. " It was r groan," replied Mrs. Seaforth, with, a pale face. " PcthapH it is one of our men, who was wounded, but managed to 'escape." Ibat may be," said Flora ; 11 but wo must bo cautious." Agnin they heard a deep groan, proceeding, apparently, from a thicket close at hand. "This is terrible !" said Flora. "Who "would think that, in a iuw abiding commiinity liku ours, wu should pass through such (Scenes ? I will see who it is. Tuko the child." " Bo careful, for Heaven's suke," said Mrs. Seaforth. I'lora stepped to tho thicket on tiptoe. A glance showed her that bohind it lay a mati stretched out ou the ground, and moving as if in pain. " Who aro you ?" asked I'lora, mustering Hp courage. Tito man fumed his head round. " Groat God !" Flora uttered a cry, and almost fell to tho earth. " Horace 1" sho gasped. The man was evidently an greatly sur prised. His face was ghastly white, and looked in the grey dawn like that ol a corpse. "Flora!" " Impossible !" cried Flora. " It cannot be." " It is," replied Horace, in a weak voice. "I am that wretched creature Horace Leigh, and you are the woman I have deceived, whoso family I ruined. Oh, heaven ! my punishment, has come." Mrs. Seaforth hail joined Flora, and both stood gazing ou the recumbent lie lire with white, ghastly faces, hardly believing their eyes. " It is a dream," cried I'lora. ".No," said Mrs. Seaforth. " There is no doubt about it." " L-a."'c mo fere to die the death of a dog, tiff I deser ve-" said Horace. " It will be my expiation. Go!" Fiir a fow moments Flora hesitated. Love and wrong fouen't a desperate .battle in her heart. Would she leave him hero to die? Would alio go on to tile coach and tell tho trooper a that tho f.'du'.i lay ; -.re; that he might b e drugged to g tul, w- ,udod as he was, and punished, if death c'pi".-d him ? If sho did that which was just", she would follow that course. . But woman's heart, woman's lovo, is strange and wonde.'ful thing. " I cannot do it," s'lu cried at last, shedding a flood of tears. " O.'b Horaco, you are bad, itiu 1, almost a murder- :', l-ut I have loved I j "it. 1 do l-"-e you, an<l I will not lo ne you to die. I will save yo„ 1" Horace L.-iglt look-d up at the pale, deter- i lined faeo of the woman iin had deceived : ml ri.in-d. witlt wouder and admiration, I lid he ile-ervo Mich l-.ve ? "'I'lii' old story," he said to himself, as ho turned away Ids fane. " was born to be l ived passionately — to ruin all who love me !" L.-ave me, Flora," In- said, at I isr„ " 1 do not deserve your love : I d- servo your bitterest hatred. Vou do not know — you cannot know what I am !" I only know yint are my love, the father of my boy !" -hi) cried, kneeling by bis side. Horace looked up at her and the child. Tin: little innocent, clapped his hands, and, with a glad cry of " Daddy, daddy !" sank on Ids breast. The wretched man felt as if hell could have no torment like thin. It was lie- very agony of t.i o place of peiililion. The sun by this time bad risen, and the yellow rays lit up the extraordinary tableau. " God is good, llor-ce," slid Flora, at last. You have simp-d deeply, but there is still forgiveness. Look at th- glorious sun that lisus over the hills to begin his course. Let I luit lie an example to you. The night has I e'en dark and gloomy, but let another day- dawn fur yn— begin a n--w life." " Impossible, impo.-dU !" cried Horace. " In a few hours 1 will he atrested as a f'-lon, : nd will end my life on t.h" gi'-bet. Flora, whatever mercv may be in store for me in the life to come, there is none in this world. I have oli'eoileil against tho laws and must meet my doom, tinh:-- do all comes quicker i ban the executioner." " I do not un.ier-rand 1" said Flora, in a bewildered way. ' Wnat vim have done to lis will nut lie known. No ouu here can iceogni-e you." "Alt," said Horace, "I see you do not iinder-tand the riddle. It is better for you to hear the truth, aud then I feel that you will leave me to my fate. 1 must, aud will, tell you tho story." " But you aro bleeding to death," said Flora. " No," replied Horace. " The bleeding lias .-topped, unless it is internal — when nothiug e in save. mc. Listen to what I have to tuv, Flora." And, settling himself, the young man began bis strange story ; — " Flora," said he, " I am not what I Room — I have never been wii.it 1 seemed. When I rauio to Sdvcrwater Bend — well it had been for you if I had never entered that peaceful homo, better, perhaps, for myself — I waa a fugitive from justice. I must say' that, when 1 discerned your love, ami you became my wife, I hoped, earnestly hoped, the dawn of a new life had begun for me, that 1 would forget the past, and become amov man. But. my evil genius followed tne. When wo went to By. buy I tell into tho hands of a set of gamblers, and this, with the expenses of our establishment, made mo enter upou a career which, if you can believe me, I detested. Having absolute power I did, what I pleased with tho fuuds of the corporation. That absolute power was my ruin. I rushed into all kinds of speeuliliou to try and recover my losses, but iustead of that 1 got deeper into the mire. Why repeat tho tale so old, so well known to you. When I found I was too deep in tho mire to escape, 1 sent you off to New England, and, gutting together as much gold as possible, embarked lor America, tho only t put in tho world win- re I. had a chance of keeping out of tho hunos of the law. But my evil fortune seemed determined li.at I should not eseupe. Ou board iluit vessel was Mick Bradley. As I afterwards loarit-d, he, too, having made money in some nefarious way, was determined to go to South America. Liko takes to like, and, beforo we v.ere a day at sea, wn knew each other's his tory, and congratulated out solves upon escaping the clutches ol the law. But wo were not to ho so lucky. A terriblu storm canto up, and' our vessel was forced to tun into 'Twofold Bty for shelter. To say that wo wore terrified gives no idea of our feelings. News would, no doubt, ho received of our shipping on board tiro Vesper, ai d, ero tho vessel had well cast anchor, tho officers would ho on hoard to seizo us. In the terror of tho nronnnt I took Mick's advice, and seizing ino opportunity, when eveiyouo was busy, wo slip, ml away, taking our wealth with us. It was night, so we escaped, and began n journey through tho bush, making Shidgotown our destination, for it was a diggings, and we hoped not to bo r cognised there, and to eventually roach Melbourne. But when wc were passing through a part of the com try fr< quented by the iiusliraogeis, we were set upou by Morgan, and n biiod ol our ill-gotten gold. He tied us, naked, to a tree, and wu leinuiued two duys without an; tiring to oat, aud wore almost polished, when a young Irian rodo Up to us. Ho was Valentino ISaiies. A low- words put him in possession of our story, and ho released aud fed us. His story Was soon told. He h-hing-d to another gang of bushrangers, which had been headed by a nuiu wbo was calk J, f.-r his atrocities, Black B'ltnu. This man had been killed, and the other member of the gang had lied. Valen tino now proposed wo should join him, aud Mick Bradley eagerly jumped at the pro posal. Bo I became a member of Black Batan's gang — tho gaug that attacked the coach to-night." " Oh ! this is tho height of misory," cried Flora. " Then you, my lnisbanj, arc u bushranger ; yoti attacked tho coach in which your wife anil son were travelling!" A spasm of pain crossed Horace's face. " It is so," suid ho. " I littlo dreamed you wero insido when I tired at tho couch. 1 might luivo become tho murderer of my wife and son." " God spared you thai," said Flora, iin- pressivoly. " Perhaps Ho still holds 'out to you somo chanco of hcingneconciled to Him, of atoning for your terrib/o crimes." " There woro many tempting rensons why I should join tho gang," said Horace, apolo- gotically. " In tho lirst place, I was an ouiluiv, in tho Bocond, I was moneyless. Valentino, who was young aud enthusiastic, represented that wo might, by ono or two lucky hits, obtain enough gold to cloar out of tho country without bloodslreij. So wc began life together. But the demoniac nature of Mick Bradley, who to -it Ihu load, soon steeped us in crime. Thut man seouis to revel in crime, to gloat over iniquity. I will pass over tho horrors of our short career. It ended last night, for Vulentino was killed, I am wounded to death, and Mick, too, received a serious wound. Tho dead has gnno to mer-t his reward at the tribunal of God ; tire living will soon join him, either through their wounds or tho ropo of justice." Flora shuddered. "It must not ho, Horace," sho Hiiid. "I will save you." "How?" he asked, looking up to her face. " Alas ! I do not know," slru replied, in tones of despair. " There may bo a way," he sai l, at hi.;'.. " Toll me, for Heaven's sal.-'," sho cried, "and, at tho risk of my lifo, I will tiy." " Ou tho other sido of the mountain," said Horaco, " thoro is a hut, and in that hut lives your mother anil aunt." " In it possiblo wo arc so near to thorn V cried Flora. " But I quostion whether they will ho as forgiving as yourBelf," su'd Horaco. " If tlroy tiro, I might live thoro iu concealment until 1 got well, when I wight, perhaps, loayo the country, to lead the new life you have mentioned." " How can I lir.d the l-ut asked Flora. "I cannot tell," nq-lied Horace. "Yet you might find it. If xoti we re to i-ri L's ov-r the in< unt>iin you might chance to fall upou tin- link" "I will try," cried Flora. "Will you l-emaiu with Horace end t ' i : huv, Mrs. Sea forth. I ask yon to do a great thing in your Ftnte of health ; still, it y-m lu-ve any sym pathy for one of the must wictche i w-iuu u in the wrld, oh, ilo stay !" " I will," replied Mrs. Sea'orth, whose tyes were wot with leers. " Oh, Flora, you aro more than an angel!" "And will Hurry stav willt his daddy while mammy go- a to get his breakfast ?" asked Flora, bending ovor her child. " Yet, mammy," said tin- bright little follow, kissing her. " Then, good-hyo all for the present ; I will find tho hut or die. May tho Go t who loves to forgive direct, my steps." And the brave, loving woman, after bestow ing ono glance on tho desolate trio, plunged into tho forest on an errand thut scorned hopeless. Bci;.nu II. Life at Dismal Glen had proceeded much ns usual since tho night wtiun the bushrangers made their visit. Aunt Ei- ie sat within, and knitted Htockings, and grumbled, as usual, interspersing this occupation with reading the Bibb: aud praying. Mrs. Sinclair and Aileo oid what they could in the snowy and tempestuous weather to make everything comfortable; but it must be confessed that, tin; outlook was anything but brilliant. The cattle wer-' almost starving, aud so-poor that tliey threatened to die. Tho lose of thu cows would, indeed, bo ruin to tlie poor women. At last a blight day c ton-, aud Aileo and Mrs. .Sinclair thought they would take a trip over tho uiouutain, to see if tliey could gel an apple treo or two, tho branches of which would form a welcome fea-t for the poor eo.vs. Aunt Elsie groaned as they left, inveighing against their selfishness in leaving her alone to face ihc bushrangers if they again came to the hut. Now, it was siimewhal inconsistent, but a fact, that if they had remained at home bIic would have grumbled all day at their idleness. If ulio were well, she would say, she would go out and get food for thu starving cattle, who t were lowing in their sheds. Mrs. Sinolairand Ailee, armed with a torna- hawkapiece, walked over the mountain, looking for the apple trees, the leavesof which aro most acceptable to cat tic. Tin- ground was covered with Bnow, upon which the cold and distant sun appeared to have little elleot. It was not loug before they cauie upon an apple tree, whose dumpy form at ouce marked it out from its tall and lanky neighbours. Tho pair at once beg in to work on the tree, hut their experience in woodcraft was small, and the tree stood a great deal of chopping. At last it fell, nearly burying Aileo, who got confused when it began to crackle ; aud they began to lop olf thu branches, preparatory to carrying them to the cattle. It was while tliey were swinging their tomahawks that Mrs. Siuclair heard a voice at her elbow. " Mother !" Tho tomahawk dropped out of Mrs. Sin clair's hand, by a miracle escaping her toes. Turning round, she beheld the figure of a woman, whose dress was torn aud draggletailed. Tne face was pale and attenuated, but the good woman at ouen recognised Flora. " Flora I" cried both tho women. "Yes, Flora!" said the poor girl, dropping into her mother's arms. "Well, child," said Mrs. Sinclair, as she sat down with her on thu trunk of the fallen apple tree, " this is a surprise ! Whure have you come from ?" "Oh, mother!" said Flora, whoso tears wero llowiug, " I come from one who has sinued — who is at death's door." " I dinna understand," Baid Mrs. Sinclair, with a dazed look. Flora hurriedly entered into au account of the terrible uventH of the past few days. She spoke very quickly, for every moment was precious, and she wiehed to return to the wretched man whom she loved above all. When she had concluded, Mrs. Siuclair and Ailee sat stariug at her, horrified aud surprised beyon-l expression. " The li rd's hand is iu this !" at last exclaimed Ailee. " Guil has seen fit to judge this mau." " Ailee, kind, dear Ailee 1" gasped Florn. " do not Bpeak in that way. He has sinned deeply ; but what does the good hook say ? Does it not tell us to forgive our brother after he has sinned seventy and eeven times ?" " Even ho," said Mrs. Siuclair. " But., oh ! Flora, what can we poor women do ? The police will he after hiut ; wo cannot save Uiiu !" " Oil, mother !" cried Flora, in her agony, " we can, we can ! If wc could only get htm to the hut we might be able to conceal biin till lie gets well, then he might get away. Ob ! mother, it you love me, if you feel for me, help me 1" Mrs. Siuclair burst iuto a torrent of tearB. ' I cannot refuse you, daughter," said she ; " but it seems to me tho ghost of him who has gone before warns me not to help this man. But I will try and ohey the book I have put my faith in; I will try and save this wretched sinner. How could 1 pray, ' Forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those that trespass against us,' if I shut my ears to your prayer? Flora, I will go with you aud try and save him. If I do wrong, may God aud the dear husband he so deeply wrouged forgive me." " They will, they will !" cried I'lora, with rapture. "Oil! mother, there is more joy iu heaveu over ono sinuor that repoiitoth tliau over niuely-ninit just perdous." "Amen,1 said Ailee. " Poor girl, you've moved our hearts, which I thought were steulit against this mau. Let us go and help him." Flora fortunatoly remembered thu path, and by great good fortune tliey reached the spot where Horace lay. They found tho child and Mrs. Seaforth sitting by him. flu was much stronger aud waa able to sit un. against the treo. There was a Btiffness and silence for the first few moments which waa difficult to get over. Horace, himself, bent down his head :ih he saw the approach of tl.e woman he had so greatly wronged, but for all that, a great joy filled his heart as hu reflected that there was some possibility now of his being saved. " Mrs. Sinclair," Baid hu at last, hardly daring to raise his eyes, " 1 havo wrouged you and yours almost beyond recall, and yet, if you can believe me, I will do something to atone for the past if I escape the blood hounds who are upon my track ; all I wish is the opportunity. I have been mail, un fortunate, criminal, hut now 1 only ask for a trial, for a chance of leading a new life." "Miy the -merciful God who rules heaven aud earth forgive you as freely as I do, for my (laughter's sake," said Mrs. Siuclair, with a strange majesty, which for the moment made her almost sublime, as sho stood iu the cold sunshine against tho foliage of the dark green tree-'. " I wish I had the power, like One of old, to say : ' Arise aud sin no more !' " " Amen 1" said Ailee, in a deep voice. " Help me to rise," said Horace. " Thoro i'b no time to lose. Iu a few hours, perhaps minutes, the Bloutil-liuunds of thu law will be on my track, aud I may not escape." FloramoBtatTectiuoatuly Helped the wounded man on to his feet, and between herself and Ailee he walked up tho mountain by the moat -asy paths. Mr.-. .Se.if-.rh, Mr'. Sinclair ami tin: boy full-living. It was a toilsome journey, b-it after Hi'V.-i-i! re-Is the ,-ix at last sighted In-. but at D -m il 1 1 let:. " Wad y- kn-dly lake his nirm asked Aib-o of Mrs. Sin -loir, when thev cot past the apple tree, "an' I'll 'nio: somen' the branches 1: line tu the puir cattle." Although Ailee scviiiu 1 to be anxious about t!o- imiv.-, as a matter of fact she did nut can to b-- present when Horace was brought into the pre- -nee of Aunt Elsie, and chose rather to be amongst tlie meek-eyed kine she loved so well. It was indeed with some trepidation that Mrs. Sinclair approached the hut. She knew perfectly xveil that Aunt Elsie would raisu a Sturm, which would be difficult tn arrange. Nor was sin- u.isi.iken. When they entered the luit. Aunt Elsie gave a shriek, as she beheld Horace, and throwing her knitting aside, stood on the defensive. "What's t-.is?" she cried. " The son of I'-elial, tlie fain, t.lie accursed one. Women, women, wli.it menu you, bringing here one who Ins trou iled us more thau Auliau did tlie Israelites ?" " Aunt Elsie," said I'lora. " He is here as a repentant s'-nner, eager ami willing to make utoiiiuneiit for his sin-. Your religion teaches you El-ie, to ftugive, for your God is a God of mercy." " Na, mi," cried Elsie, " not to those who have committed the unpardonable sin. Awa' wi' hiin. To prison, to gaol, to perdition. It is a sin to lie where he is." " Elsie," said Mrs. Sinclair. " If I, who have so many bitter wrongs wrought ny this man, have forgiven him when he is truly penitent, why should you not also hold our. tho hand to him. Be still, woman, and say no more." But Mi-s Elsie stood lty, like a tigre-s, while r,he. watched them lay Horace on thu couch, and prepare some comforts for him. " The curse of innocent blood is upon him," she cried, unable to restrain herself. " He's marked for tormout; away with him, away with him." " The cry of llarabbas," said Flora, bitterly. .Miss Elsio subsided into a chair, her heart surging with the blackest and bitterest thought-'. Wastiiis not tho man who had thrust her out of comfort, wealth, luxury, who had relegated her to this cold, sterile abode ? Was tuis nut the man to whom she owed all her misfortunes? Could she forgive him ? No! a thousand times no ! Aunt Elsie, liko many other religious people, believed tho Bible just us far as it suited lit-r own ideas. Something had been done for Horace's comfort, ami his wound had been dressed, when the sound of horses' hoofs was hoard. " Haste, liaHto!" cried Mrs. Sinclair. "Tuko liim to the chambor; they are alter him." Miss Elsio pricked up her ears. Horaco was at once removed to tho othor chamber ; and this had hardly been effected when three troopers roiued up their hurscs before the hut. " Good morning," said tho leader to Mrs Sinclair, who, flushed aud excitod, opened the door. " Havo you seen anything of tho bushrangers this morning?" " No, xvo have not," said Mrs. Sinclair, " and wo hopo to see them no more. \Yo havo had onuiigh of them alieady." " There's been foarful work in tho Glen last night," said the trooper. " Black Satan's gang attacked tho couch, and killed Sergeant Grev. However, ono of them's boon killed, aud tho othor two's winged, that's n comfort." Miss Elsie opened her eyes still wider. " Well, I hope you will eradicate tho hand," said Mrs. Sinclair, who was trem bling. "Good morning," said tho troopor. " Look out and don't harbour those follows, no matter how pitiable their case may be ; it will be a bad job for you." " Is there n reward out for them ?" asked Aunt Elsie. " I believo vou," said the trooper, hauding her a bill. ' Head that, and if you've got pluck enough — and you look a grim woman — you can earn a thousund." Miss EUio's eyes glistened ns sho took tho paper in hor hand. Tho troopers then went out. She read tho paper ovor very attentively, and fell into a reverie. " It's tho price of blood, Elsie," said Mrs. Sinclair. Aunt Elsie started. " It wad he a good and righteous deod to givo them up to justice," said sho, after a moment. " But tho poor girl — consider her." Aunt Elsie gave a start. " Then he is one of the bushrangers?" " Ho is." " Heaven havo mercy on us!" criod Aunt Elsie. " Can there he a deeper deep ?" " I do not think so," saiit Mrs. Sinclair. Aunt ElBie said no more. Sho picked up her knitting, aud proceeded with it, but the number of false knots in the work waa wonderful. (To he Continued.) 