What's the News? ANYONE who imagines that the Minister for Works enjoys a sinecure must have been disabused of the idea had they seen him, as I did on last Sunday evening, minutely inspecting that extensive block of buildings now being erected in Elizabeth-street, opposite M'Lennan's livery stables. Inside and outside they were examined thoroughly, and with evident admira tion, even the woodwork of the window sasheß being tested between the hon. gentleman's finger and thumb. Methought I heard him soliloquise —" Ah! the very thing for the new public offices at ; economy of construction and simplicity of style. I'll send Stanley down iv the morning to look at tktso. Good job that fellow Thorn is where he can't ruin the colony." And thp brings me to the way in which other Ministers occupy their spare timo. I fear it is hardly so satisfactory. Take Griffith, for in stance. He certainly haa prosecuted rather extensively during the week, and still has the appearance of being able to prosecute some more, but the Colonial Secretary's Office, they say, and Griffith is Acting Colonial Secretary, has cause to complain that they have not re ceived so much attention as their needs de manded. That Chinese leper, too, he was unknown to the acting head of the department; not a very desirable acquaintance, you may say, but yet a man with a history, if any. body could only find out what it was. That's the rub. The great secret societies are not, and I don't believe ever were, a " patch " on John Chinaman for doing things in the dark and keeping them dark till the proper time came for the denouement. Thus it is that we have fastened on us in the Rockhampton gaol a man we don't care about, and would infinitely prefer to see ten thousand miles away. I believe, however, that the true reason for these myß terious telegrams which have been despatched to Douglas, begging him to come home, is that Miles and Griffith don't feel capable of disposing of the leper by themselves. When Douglas arrives he will no doubt suggest that much abused and deserted Somerset would be a con venient spot for a leper camp. There are few sights so inspiring to the thoughtful mind as that of a body of ravenous men with an extensive feed before them waiting for grace to be said. Such a sight was there only a few nights since, at the School of Arts, when the fin brigade had its annual reunion. Most of us know the gallant superintendent of the fire brigade. Those who don't can form his acquaintance at the next fire, and a good way to do it would be to give him some friendly advice then. But, aa I was laying, we all know Beattie, and if ever a man had a body of men under control, he and his deputy-superintendent have the upper hand of the brigade. Beattie, and the brigade, and a few visitors, all stood up round the tables together, and everybody ex pected the commander was going to say grace. He appeared to be slightly uneasy, then blew his whistle, and out it came :—" Now, men, you see what there is before you, and know what to do with it; take your time from me—Fall to." And great was the fall. The viands were despatched in an incredibly short time, and I couldn't help soliloquising as a celebrated military man is said to have done as he swallowed a hasty meal before going into action, —"For what we have so rapidly par taken of grant us, 0 Lord, a good digestion." Tradesmen's Protection Societies aro all very well in their way, but I scarcely think they are an unmixed blessing. By meanß of their inves tigations you may be able to find out all about your neighbor's pecuniary affairs; but so many of you belong to the society, that you can't help talking, amongst yourselves first of all, and then confidentially with other people, who repeat all they hear and a trifle more, also in confidence, till some very nice little stories get afloat. la fact, I am assured that the "leak age" of what are supposed to be profound com mercial secrets was in a great measure owing to the strong desire Bhown to know all you can of the worldly affairs of others, via " the private enquiry office." " Twenty thousand pounds to invest in any paying business." So runs an advertisement I read a day or two ago in a local paper. But what a frightfully avaricious man tho twenty thousand pounder must be to think he will condescend to any paying business. Suroly a man with £20,000 might be allowed to have a choice—a particular taste of his own ; but if he really wants to go into business, there is a small oysterman at the corner of my street who might be induced to negotiate. The plant is new, and consists of—but perhaps tbe oysterman would rather explain for himself. This is a graud op portunity for the twenty thousand pounder, aud would suit him. You might think there was no comparison between the skull of Yorick, the king's jester, and that of a yellow and white bullock branded GOW off ribs ; but there i*. If it wasn't that I reapect "the immortal William" too deeply to jest on such a sub ject, I wouldn't mention it; and I merely do so now as an example of the truism that history repeats itself. It is not necessary to do more than just recall the grave-digging scene in Ham let, and those who were present in the Police Court recently, while the Police Magistrate and two brother magistrates inspected the odorifer ous skull of a defunct yellow aud white bullock, could not fail to sec tbe re- embodiment of that portion of the play. Which of the three looked most like Hamlet, or Horatio, or the first grave digger, I won't pretend to say, but they all put on a very grievous and sexton-like nir, until the skull of the yellow and white bullock was re moved, and may, therefore, be supposed to better suit the grave-digging characters than either of the others. It is with feelings of sorrow I hear that our mutual friend the Irrepressible has received a severe " scare." He has seen n ghost or some thing of that sort, and feel* uneasy in conse quence. The ghost, I hear, U a rather fleshy one, aud givcu to walking abroad iv male or female attire aa it suits tho uccaaiou. Ghmsta are popularly supposed to be of the neuter gen der ; this ghost is presumably of the masculine, with a tendency towards female attire. At any rate, he, she, or it—the sex is so confoundedly uncertain in this case—marched up to our mutual friend's residence under cover of the darkness, and boldly enquired if it was a lunatic asylum, and then suddenly departed. This kind of enquiry struck consternation and terror in the household, and recourse was had to police assistance in case the nocturnal visitor turned up again with any further anxious onquiries. I shouldn't be surprised to hear that the affair was a practical joke, got up probably by some M.L.A. anxious to square accounts with W. H. W. It is a grand thing to go to the Brisbane theatre occasionally. There is Buch a spacious auditorium and such splendid ventilation, and lately, oh such magnificent representa tions ! Well, perhaps the public could put up with the two first evils, but I don't think it can with the last. Heaven defend us from any more such magnificence ! llather would I ex pend my laito on what is known as a "singsong," where I knew what I should get But to thin extreme of mediocrity there is addod in another direction an oxtreme of transpacific self-laudation. When people go so far as to say that th«y have been compared to Ristori since thoy were fifteen years of age, and that they will never play in Brisbane again because of adverse criticism*, it is time such cobwebß of overweening conceit were swept away. For my part, I think tho newspapers have been remarkably indulgent, and that it is the worst tasto in the world to put on extensive airs because they have been so. By this time the name of Insoombah, alias Monkey, is becoming public property. Insoombah, I need hardly tell you, was ono of the gentle children of the South Soa Islands, and his worst failing appears to have beeu that of shooting at a white man, and subsequently chasing him, for which malfeasances. Insoombah, alias Monkey, duly made his appearance at the Supreme Court, before Judge Lilley, and his lordship in passing sentence, said that if Insoombah, alias Monkey, had not chased the man there might have been some doubt as to his identity, and he might have got off. Now, how would this kind of rea soning apply in goat shooting cases ? The un fortunate Crook didn't chase the goat after he shot at it ; not he, and he got fined for failing to do so. But still there seems a difficulty in knowing what to do either when you shoot at a man or at a goat, for in one case you get into trouble for chasing and in the other you get into trouble for not chasing. This thing is slightly mixed, and the best thing to do is to suffer the infliction of men and goats as best you may. A regulation has recently issued from the War Office which will be regarded with disfavor in Brisbane. Cocked hats have been abolished no less for generals than for doctors. This is a fatal reform. No longer shall we see the plumed tricorner on the head of the regimental surgeon, and, what is infinitely worse, never again will Dr. O'Dootorme be mistaken for Sir William Jervoia. Rambus. The Sydney Evening News says :—w An im portant discovery in the interests of the city waa communicated to the City Council at a recent meeting of the committee, when a letter was read from the Australasian Steam Navigation Company, in reply to a communication from the council, suggesting that tho directors of the company should make a proposal in respect to the compensation required for the purchase of land for the widoning of George-street north. The company's letter announced that the direc tors would take £4000, although tho estimated value of the property was £1200. The land re quired has a frontage to George-street of 600 feet, with a depth of 20 feet. In addition to the £4000 compensation, the company wish to re serve their right to erect stores upon their re. taining walls, so as to adapt it as a foundation for the walls of shops and other buildings to be erected there. After the communication had been read, Alderman Oately stated that from cer tain information received with reference to this land, he had taken the trouble to enquire into the matter, and found that the original grant was made by the Government in 1814. The street was aligned and proclaimed on the 13th November, 1840, when the pathway was made 12 feet in width, and tho street 36 feet in width, and he found the proclamation of the street in the Government Gazette. It was quite clear to him that the company had not the slightest right to the land ; iv his opiniou they could neither sell tho land nor could they build upon it, mid ho thought the council should at ouco apply to tho Govern incut to open the fltrcet in accordance with the proclamation. The City Solicitor and City Surveyor had recom mended a similar course, and he begged to move a resolution to that effect. Tho resolution waa seconded by Aldoruiau O'Counor aud carried unanimously, it being urged that the thanks of the council were due to Alderman (Jatley for tho trouble he had taken in this matter, which mixht be the means of saving tho council £1000." Fa mink (says tho Evening News) has seized other lands besides India in her deadly grasp this year. The distress in Northern Brazil has been so serious that the British Ambassador at Kio fiiggeated to the Lord Mayor of London the propriety of an English subscription to relieve the Kufferern. The great need of our own empire has naturally prevented the auttnritieK doing anything which might interfere with the Indian Famine Fund. In the northern provinces of Chin.i the drought has led to most deplorable results, and the Government has done little or nothing to mitigate tho severity of the distress. The Englishmen and other foreigners at the treaty jKjrts have been most generous in for warding h?lp, which has been distributed by the different missionaries, Protestant and Catholic, in the districts which most needed it. In the part visited by one missionary, no less than 35,000 people were dependent for many weeks on the contributions of the foreigners. It is believed that the generosity thus manifested will do much to create a kindly feeling towards Europeans, und to open the interior to mio« siouary and commercial influences. 