PIÖTION. ttrum BB(U»b, American, and otbar Periodicals, TIE MYSTERY OF ATHERSTONE GRANGE. '(, CHAPTEB XLVI. BERYL MAKBJS A SENSATION, Small iaJnS worth,._ Oi>eauty from the lighïrétired ; Bid her come forth, Suffer heiself to be desired, And blush not so to be admired.-Waller. Mrs. Jarvis stared at bcr husband in amaze- ment, for she verily thought he bad gone mad with the fright and worry. " In our house, John ! Impossible!" " It's notimnosbiblo. It's trae " " It oouldc 'c be. I left, every thing safe and right there when I went out You didn't get up and aet light to it yourself, did you ?" "No, I diiln't ; but it began there for all that," he persisted. " I doubt you'vo^been dreaming old man," she said, soothingly^ ,l I- haven't oarrïed match nor oandle there since the trimmer set in." "T kaow thaV^ifoü'tut I'm right, for all that. Tnb 6re began tUfejrc: and those that sot it alight didn't mean that I should ever come out of that house alive, or you either, if you had ' been there But if you had been at home, she ' could not havo dono it." " Sbo 1" " Yes." " Who ?" _ ,ffli3* Mea. Jarvis was gettijrg moro and more be wilderfci Every strange word her husband spoke'"*B»\ned ünprojK more clearly than ever tbat he was mad, aud^AUfak) seemed calm and rational enough in his manner. " I'm not raving," he Baid. " Come closer, and lot me whispei it into yoar ear. It wal- tho woman that wanted to buy the picture of as-the queer creature iu blaok that offered us the £100." « John !" "It's as true as that I'm alive, and not burned in my bed at thia minute. Hold your tongue till wo are by ourselves, and then I'll tell you all about it." They were soon alone, for the grod people of the , house to which the bedridden man had boen oarried, went off again to see the exoitemont whiob still pervaded in the streets, and left them to themselves, with an intimation that they were " kindly welcome" to the shelter. " Now, John," Mrs. Jarvis said, breathlessly, " tell me all about it before they oome back again. I oau't think it's trae ; but I met that woman on the bridge when I was going over." " Then you mot her coming to murder me I was asleep. I know that muoh, for I was dreaming of the little girl and her mother, and of the old times in Birmingham; and some- thing, I don't know what, woke me up with a start.. I was wido awake in a moment. You know the way when you wake in a fright." " YeB ; oh, yes. Go on !" " Well, then, she stood light in the middle of the room staring at ma Ah, you may shako your head, old woman ; but ehe was no ghost, and no fanoy, for I heard her step aoroBB the room quite plain and the turn of the handle as she opem'd the door yonder She went straight into the little room, and it scorned as though I was bowitohed, for I could not move or speak for the life of me " " You were dreaming, my poor John-dream ing." " No, I wasn't. I was as wide-a-wako as I am now, and you'll know it sometime, wife She didn't stay in the other room two minutes, and then sbo came back and looked at me with hard, wioked eyes " " ' I think you'd better have taken the £100,' says she ; and I oouldn't speak a word to answer her. It seemed as though my tongue wero glued to the roof of my mouth, and she went straight out of the room, and donn the stairs I seemed to be oounting her footBteps, for I heard her right down to the bottom ; but I must have been a bit stupid, for I don't re- member anything else till the plaoe was all alight and full ef smoke, and the neighbours, bless 'em ! were taking me downstairs.' " ' It's a quter thing," said Mrs Jarvis, refleo tively ; " and if its all just as you say, John-" * "It ii; every word of it." " Then it's just a confirmation of all we suspeet and fear. It't not much wonder they wanted that pioture, if it is worth so muoh to them that they try to barn down half a dsien > > houses and risk the lives of aooies of people for the sako of destroying it." " What shall we do now ?" asked the old man. " Hold our tongues in the first place. It's no use filling other poople's mouths as well as our own ; but we mustn't keep it to ourselves quito, ' for all that I think the best thing we oould do would bo to tell Mr. Gibson." * " I don't know bat it would. He's a kind, good hearted gentleman, and be knows something of the matter already " Mr. Masters didn't send yon to him for nothing." Mrs. Jarvis installed her husband in aeomfort able lodging, and provided a few necessaries oat of the £10, which laokily she had in her pooket with the letter and the miniature ; and the next morning, aa soon as Bho had Been him properly attended to, she went over to Princes Street and sought an interview with Mr. Gibson. Lnokily he was at home, and with a few minutes to spare, and came to her at onoe, smiling at what he fancied her overweening anxiety about the piotnre. " It ii quite safe," he said, with a smile " Did yon eome to see it ?" " Oh, no, sir; but 1 have, come about it« for all that I'vo something to tell you." She glanosd at the door, and he made sure that no one"H»s liateningj and returned to her "do. ^. -¿V \ " What ii it ?\e\Aed\v " It's a queer story, sir ; but the begining of it is, that my husband and me were burned out of home and home last night." The quivering of her wrinkled faoo spoke of the pain at her heart, and Mr. Gibson put his hand in his pooket " I'm very gorry," he laid. " How oan I help you ?" " Not that way, sir. There's no need, thank you. As luok would have it, I had the money I showed you in my pooket, and we've a bit in the bank besides. It was to tell you about tho fire that I carno Our houae and the others were burned down to destroy Miss Atheratone's pic ture." " Good Heavens ! Mrs. Jarvis, do you know what you are saying ?" " Tea, I do, sir. It was just that ; and I carne to yon, bucaute I thought you would advise me what to do about it. We didn't foel happy John and me-in keeping it to oureelves." She told Mr. Gibaon, from beginning to end, what had happenod, in a lucid, straightforward way, that left no doubt on bia mind about tho truth of her words, and he heard her with am jzomont that oan be better imagined than des- cribed. " You will be a wise woman to say nothing about thia matter to anyone else," he said " I will ask the advice of someone who «rill be able to tell us what to do. You will swear to this woman? What ia her name ?" " Mrs. Dalton, sir. Ob, yea, I can swear to her anywhere." " Then go home, and say nothing till you hear from me Tell me how I oan help you It ia an awful thing to be burned out, and money goes auoh a little way when there is everything to buy afresh " '? You are very good, sir. We ire a great deal better off than most of our neighbours There's nothing we need want for just yet, un- less you could give me anything in the way of old olotheB for John. I haven't an article to put on him when he's able to get up." " I'll seo what I can do. I daresay anything Mrs. Gibson oan find for you wouldn't oome amies Tell me whore to send to, and you ahall have something " She gave her address, and in the afternoon of the same day a porter arrived with a cab load of miboellaneoua article turned out of Mrs. Gibson's lumber room and linen preaaes, and a request that Mrs Jarvis would return with him. Mr Gibson had a gentleman with him, who asked her to repeat the story she had told in the morning, and questioned her pretty cloaely, without making her alter her narrative in the least. She had no idea that she was talking to tho sharpest and clearest-headed detective in Edinburgh, who the same evening made enquirioa at the hotel where Miaa Atherstoue and ber party had been staying They know Mrs. Dalion very well. She was at Portobello at present, and had beon certainly in Edinburgh on the day of the fire, but she bad not left the hotel after about four o'clock in the afternoon, until she went away by the ten o'olook train at night. She had had a bad headache brought on by the beat and exertion of going about shopping, and had lain down. There were plenty to swear to all this-waiter, ohambarmaid, porter-almost everybody about the place, who knew her nell, and had seen her go in and out. On the other hand, nothing could shake the testimony of John Jarvis aa to the identity of his visitor with Beryl Atherstone's friend. He described her minutely, and poraisted that he w>iS neither dreaming no delirious. It was very strange and mya tor iona, and there waa nothing to do but wait and see how far time would solve the riddle. Mrs Dalton had left Portobello when enqui- I ries wore made there oonoerning hor, but the ad dreBBof the party in London was given, and mea- sures were taken eeoretly and silently, to find nut the truth. Beryl and her party augmented now by Mr j Àtherstonoand pretty Lilly, oooupied a furnished hotiBO in Hartington Street, Belgravia. Nono of them knew, or gueíBod, that they were objeets of oxtrcme interest to several persons, notably to a gentleman who lodger' j uBt opposite to them who appeared to have a great admiration for Mrs. Dai t;n. Beryl's spirits had como baok to her, and eurioualy enough from a cause which had oast a damp over everyone else. Noel's regiment was ordered to India unexpectedly, in plaoe of the one whose turn it was to go Some hit oh had arl en, with whioh our story had nothing to do, and tho change had been made, taking every- body by surprise. Many exohanges were made by omoers, to whom it was inconvenient to go, and as it was not war time, and there was no objection to Bach a step, Noel's family and his friends naturally imagined that he would remain at home. But to everyone's amazement Beryl soouted the idea, She preferred to follow Noel's for- tunes to the other side of the world, and to give up Atherstone Grange and all ita luxuries for rhedisoomfort and uncertainty of Bengal barrack life. In vain Noel pointed out to her the dis- agreeables of the future she was planning, and the risk to health and perhaps life, in going to euoh a olimate. She would hear of no objeotion. She argued, reasoned, laughed at him, and finally deolared-in a half-jesting, half serious tone-that she would have nothing at all to do with him if ho ezehanged er hinted at remain- ing. Mrs. Atherstone was disappointed and grieved, but she said very little about it, nor did her husband. Beryl had lately taken matters with a high hand, and would brook no interference ; and Noel was in as lover-like a staio of infatua- tion as could be desired. " I think I must have been born with a rov- ing nature, auntie," she said to Mrs. Atherstone, ia excuse, when that lady had been oaught weeping over the prospoot of Noel's going. " I feel as if I should like to fly all over the whole I wide earth, roving from oountry to oountry like a bird of passage." " I wish you oould have been eontented with a nest at home, my dear," was all Mrs. Ather stone's oomment on her words ; and she sighed as she spoke, for there was a heavy sense of eoming evil on her spirit that she could not shako off. Mrs. Dalton expressed no surprise at Boryl's deoision-perhaps she was rather more aoous tomed to her young friend's vagaries than her English relations were, or it may be that the heiress was more explicit to her regarding her motives for this new freak. " It's better to go," she said. " Muoh better," Mrs. Dalton returned shortly. " In five years people will have forgotten all their diasgreoablefancies," Beryl remarked "and I oan live as pleasantly out there as here. Money is money everywhere. As for you-" "Yes, as for me, Miss Atheritene. What do you propose to do with me." " Leave you established at the Grange, of course. My friend-my eonfidante. If any- thing should happen--" " I am not afraid of anything happening while you are away. You must be here, on the spot, for mischief to come of all the idle stories that are afloat. By the way, let me give you a pieee of advice." " Don't refuse to go to the Minerva Theatre any longer. They aro beginning to think you are afraid of Mr. .Allan Temple." " And so I am-awfully." "Don't be a fool He ii your last and greatest difficulty-faoe him." " I oan't " " You'll have to, sometime ; and, maybe, in a worse way that in a box of a theatre. He's evidently a sensible fellow, and doesn't mean to seok you-at any rate, as a lover. But Graham Carson is in town (I heard that much acciden- tally, last night), and they are suspioioasly intimate. Let the man see you in the front of the house-he need never do so any where else, and there'll be an end of it. There's mischief afoot amongst them, and the only way is to put a bold faoe on it." There was indeed, had they only known Graham Carson was in town. So were two other persons, whoso presenoe would have made her uncomfortable had ehe known- Mr. Masters and Dr. Twist. But her wedding day was drawing near not the bright wedding that Mrs Atherstone had so fondly planned, when both her son and daughter should enter the holy state on the same day, but a hurried affair, shorn of all its glories by Noel's ooming departure, and the strange request of Lillian's bridegroom elect that their marriage should be deferred. The night before they left London to return to Warwickshire the heiress consented at last to go to the Minerva Theatre, to seo the aotor with whose name London was ringing. Her heart beat wildly with agitation and dfead as she suffered Noel to wrap her in the son opera cloak and put her in the carriage. Certainly it was 60me time since Allen Temple had held his stage oolleague of the old time in his ormB, and whis- pered words of real love into her ears, and pres- sed his lips to hers with an unresistsd kiss. It, might bo that he had grown careless, too ohanged as she had, and would not oare to look atjher. Oh, how she wished suoh a consummation might have oome about ! Mrs. Atherstone and Mrs Dalton were of the party-Lilly electing to go with her father to a concert. The rever- end gentleman had no objeotion to theatres and went oooasionally, but preferred Shakespeare to the modern romantio drama. He had made up his mind to see Allan Temple sometime, but not upon the stage. Beryl was rather inclined to keep in the back- ground, behind the ourtain of the box, but Noel made her sit forward. Ho was proud of her beauty, and in a vory few moments he found that their box was the cynosure of all eyes ; tho beauty of its prinoipal oooupant caused glasses to be levelled at her from all sides, and her pretty oonfuBion only made her more lovely than ever. She bent her head to avoid the general regard, and when she raised it again she saw Mr. Mas- ters and Dr. Twist. Somehow or other their presenoe there together struck hor with a oold chill. Either of them singly would not have affeottd her much, but where had they met, how made acquaintance? She oould not keep her eyes off them, or oease speculating whether they were there to see her and plot her ruin. It must be so; and she oould hardly repress a shriek when sho heard Allan Temple's voioe and saw him walk upon the stage. She had muoh ado to keep horself from fainting, for she was so sure they were watohing her every look and gesture. She saw them look from her to him, and from him to her, and she was oonsoious that mid all the roar of applause whioh followed bis entrance, Allan Temple was bowing meohani oally to the audienoe, and staring straight at her with a face in whioh amazod wonder was only too apparent. That he reoognised her fully was apparent to them all, or why should he be so agitated at the sight of her 1 CHAPTEB XLVIII. DONS IN JHE DARKNESS. He had got a hart O' til' ineide of a deadlier sort. Buller. When Beryl made her appearance the next morning at breakfast all traoes of her last night's agitation were completely gone. She had been out in the grounds for nearly an hoar, she told them, and entered the break- fast room with a fresh, brilliant oolour on her oheeka, a sparkling light in her eyes, that looked like innooent gladness, and her voice sounded merrily aa she oame bounding in, a large bunob of wild flowers in one hand, and a half-opened rosebud in the other, whioh she playfully fas- tened in Noel's ooat. " You don't desirvo it, sir," she whispered, drawing away her hand with a pretended petu lanoo SB he strove to imprison it for a moment in his own. " What have I done ?" " It should be, what have you not dona ?" she retorted. " I thought yon would have found me out, sluggard that you are." But Noel denied the imputation vigorously. He had been oat of doon «von before hir, only his walk had taken an opposite direction. " I had DO idea that yon would bt recovered sufficiently to «nae down even," be laid ; " maoh len than that thire was a ohanee of meeting yen. Ah, my darling ! ean yon believe it pos- sible that I should avoid yon 7" She looked «arneilly, almost imploringly, he imagined, before Ma wiring. " No-o," she replied, hesitatingly ; and then with a sudden buret, " Ah, Noel ? will it be always aa ? Do yon love me io muoh that nothing would ever make you look upon me with aver aion?" " Aversion 1 " i* peated Noel, amazed. " What has put such an idea into your thoughts ?" "Nothing-a stupid fanoy I suppose," Beryl 11 answerod lightly. " I am very fanciful, you know, and-come," she added abruptly, " my walk has given me quite a dairymaid's appetite. Don't heed my absurd nonsense, Noel. I have no doubts really where you are oonoirned." And she looked up into bia face with a strange, yoarning tenderness, almost pitiful to ace, but that the next-moment it had given plaoe to an expression more like her usual self; and presently she was fatiguing and ohatting as merrily as the rest of thora. " What a heap of letters 1" she oried, as a little pile b< aahiiv'as vru plaoed beside her on tho table. ' n Ntfàê Tor ybq^ sir," she went on, addresssing Noel. They'll be at the Kootory, I suppose. A whole pile for unole," handing them over to Mr. Athentone. And mine may as well wait for Mr. Oarion. They are all busineai letters, I oan see. Only one for you, Lillian ; but worth more than all the rest put together, I imagine," ihe added, with a meaning smile that brought the blood to Lilly's face in a moment. »K She took the litter from Beryl's out-itretohed hand, and. uttered a little ory of dismay at the I same tim*.\ \\\ v " What ianthe matter X,ask«d Beryl, as they all looked up in surprise. "'-» " There is blood upon it I" oried the girl, in terrified aooenti. " And look 1 ah, it is from your hand, Beryl." For a moment Beryl sat as though stunned, with Noel turning to her anxiously. " Oh, it is nothing," she aswered at last, re- covering herself with an effort, and foroing a smile on her almost bloodless lipa. " A mere scratch I gave myself with a pair of scissors that I took out for cutting the flowers " " Lilly is a sad coward, at the sight of blood," remarked her father. " How did you contrive to do it, my dear ?" \ " I fooliejtely put the soissors loose in my poc- ket," explahsM Bâtai. 4Und putting my hand in for them, stuck wföfr purnta in my palm. It really waa very alight, and when I oovered tho wound up with court plaister I thought no more about it. I suppose in stretching my arm out aoroas the table the out reopened " No you really shan't, Nool," she exolaimed, almost angrily, and snatobing her hand away from him " I tell you it ia nothingV-oertainly it is not worth making\» fuss about/' "I don't thkk 8$>J8,<0 very trivial," said Noel gravely. ^YWrauathave lost a quantity of blood from such a out, and certainly ought to have had it properly dressed." In whioh opinion they all ooinoided, when, re- luctantly enough, Beryl was persuaded to let her hurt be seen "As if it was worth a seoond thought," she pouted " It is neither as deep sa a well nor as wide as a ohuroh door ; and I am certainly not going to place myself unset medioai treatment for it." \ , " I oan t unrfiwtand how#lgn earth you man- aged it in the n|fn^yuñ" describe," observed the Hector with a puzzled look. " ODO would imagine that it would be a deep, jagged wound if you thurat your hand down on the points of a pair of scisaors. Now this is long, and clearly divided, more like the out of a kmfe " " And yet it was done in the preoise manner whioh I stated," quietly returned Beryl " However, there has been a great deal moro dis- cusión over it than ao simple a matter deserves. "I'll go and get my hand^properly bandaged put it in a slit»g, if you like jV but for Hoaven's sake, let us say410 Itere aböüt it " She apoko petulantly, add,walked towards the door, Noel accompanying her so far, while Lilly read her letter, despite the ominous stain upon ita envelope, with mantling blushes, for Beryl had gueased rightly in supposing to bo from Gra- ham Carson Not that there waa anything particularly fresh in the letter, for Gmham told his betrothed no- thing more of the dlubts and perplexities whioh besot his mind-and»nat at this time they were very many-and avoiding all mention of the Grange and its miatreia. That miatreas had dismissed her escort in the hall and hurried up staira to Mrs Daiton's room exhibiting her bloeding hand, and explaining the oauae Mrs. Dalton made no observation, but oare fully dressed the injury, and Beryl returned to the lower apartments. She had been some time absent, and found them all in a state of the moBt intense excitement. " What has happened ?" she oried, her features suddenly paling, and a wild, hunted look ooming into ber eyes-an expression they often wore now. " Ia anything wrong ?" " Murder !" replied the reotor, in a voioe that shook with agitation, while tho Beared looks of the others showed that tbey shared the same. " Murder !" exelaimed Beryl, oatohmg at the baok of a obair to support herself. " Who who is murdered ?" y Noel sprang to her sMe, with a warning glanoe tú hís^athePo. f " We have^nly^j^atTiéîftrd of it," he said hurriedly, " or you would not have been told ao abruptly/; "Who is itjhat is murdered?" she asked again, with the same wild, terrified glanoe. " The boy Bloig," returned Noel. " At least, if not aotually murdered, ho has been terribly wounded." "Wounded! How-2" " No one seems to ^know at present," said Mr. Atherstone. " Qty cannot speak to give yon information on tbjs point." " He-ueAjs ^mtVdead-thon ?" faltered Beryl? ^»^" ^~.. " No ; but from all I oan hear it is only a question 'of a fow hours. He has boen stabbed in two plaees-the langs and about the temple. The last blow was evidently intended to distroy life altogether, and, though it has not quite suooeeded. the poor lad Jajaerrivod of oonsoioas ness." \ j? " How ve'ryíhóokjn\l" exclaimed Beryl, who wai more oomposeV noW^i' Is it known who bas done it. And ihe looked eagerly at her uuolo, who shook his head. " It seems a complete mystery, so far as I eau gather," he replied. " And the strangest part of the affair is, that it took plaee very near the house." " Near this houM?" " Yee, If yon bad extended your walk in the direction of the shrubbery this morning, you might have been the first to discover bim, for it was there he waa found." " Ah, don't !" eried Berylioovering her eyes with her hands, as thoughjár shut out the scene. " I eannot pear even tfppnagine so horrible a scene. rTA't^drjAduT' Who oan have done itr "jw v^ "Whoever it was never intended the poor fellow to speak again," said the Rector sadly. " le was supposed at first that ho might have been prowling about after no good purpose and met with an accident ; bat there can be no doubt it wai intended for deliberate murder ; < the weapon proves that." " The weapon ! Surely they have not found that ?" almost with a soreaua^xolaimed Beryl ; and they looked at her in no small surprise. " No," answered Mr. Atherstone, after a slight pause ; '''hut the dooto/says it must have been a long, thin^BtrufcAt,*fr¿m the Bhape of the wounds " " Hush, father," broke in Noel, alarmed at the growing pallor of Beryl's faoe. " She is not strong enough to boar snob -details." " No, no, never mind," sheXnterposed. " It was only the suddenness that unnerved me. Are you going to see him ?" " Yes-not that I eau do the poor fellow any good, if he is, as they say, insensible. Still, I suppose I must go." "If, if there should be any-the slightest ohanoe of his recovery, you will let me know, will you not ?" Beryl said, following him ont to the door. "Yes, of oonree I shall bring back word with me" " Ah, but I don't mean that," she went on, her colour coming and going alternately, while she looked away over the Beotor's shoulder, with a fixed avoidanoe of his gaze. " I-I take more than a eommon interest in the boy, yon know ; indeed, if I might, I should like to go down with you and see him " " No, no ; you must not do that," said the Reotor. " Ah, I thought you would say so But at any rate let me knew, the instant you can, whether there is the last probability of his re- covery-promise me this." " Certainly." " Mind, don't wait to bring the tidings baok yourself," she continued. "I have urgen\ reasons for ^desiring it." " Reason*! upon my* word, Beryl, I oan hardly undërUatid-yau'y" said the reotor, who was beginning to feel a little perplexod about his ward's frequent changes of manner and queer exoitability. " Of course, it's very natural that you should bo shooked at suoh an ooourrauce, and anxious for news; but the lad's fate can hardly be of Buoh vital interest lo you as your mannor seems to show." " It is-it is, I tell you," sho replied with frenzied eagerness, and olutohing his coat sleeve nerviously. " You must promise me that I shall have word of his exaet oondition as soon as you have seen the doctor. "Of oourse 1 will, if you really are io anxioUB about it," said Mr. Athersone, thinking that Beryl was slightly exaoting, and then leaving her to make his way down to the little hovel where Jack Blogg lay dying. Dying ! Yes, there jgpuld be no manner of doubt about that-not atoqbe perhaps- he might even linger foi severalda/s before the last dread chango of all, but uey^|jore would he wake to consciousness in tnia hfe.^"*""*" Beryl did not return to her aunt and oousins, but made her way again to the woman betweon whom and herself there existed so incomprehen- sible an intimacy, atrdVin low, broken aooonts told ber what she had heard. S^angely^ojgV^rs Dalton did not Bhow the least astomsfmiënt M- the news. "It is vory unfortunate," she said in her driest tones. "Have you made any arrange- ments!" Why do you speak to mo like that," hissed Beryl, her eyes all aWazo, and turning úeroely on the woman who held so strange an motion oo over her. MVoifiriJ"oj|«xai? if there bo any for s ach a wretohWl?<wïi!rKwill bo the end of all this?" It was some time before Mrs. Dalton oould oalm her ; not, indeed, until a message arrived from the Rookery that Jack Biogg was still in a state of ooma, frcAjdiiob. there was not the slightest ftossibility/YeVlootor said, of his re oovorv. ? %J But thieSwas all thaftould be said to anyone. For the reit, poor J »smras as completely dead to this wold as thougbBe lay beneath tho turf in the churchyard. MWAtherstone despatched a messenger to Birmingham with instructions to make enquiries of the police there as to the whereabouts of the boy's uncle and in the mean- time a detectare had boen telegraphed for from Sootland Yard,\rrivinÄ»at ¡A'therstone Grange late in the aftèïnoonjjefl baing taken to the scene of the orimo at once. He oould make nothing of it, he frankly oonfoBäcd . . " You seo, air," ho said to Mr. Atherstone, who accompanied him, JA tho first thing we want to lay eur bands noonik B oa8° of tbie kind is a motive. I oàrrt gíatrer Itaj. 4 The lad acoms to have had no onemias-though, of oourse, there muat be one somewhere ; but the thing ie, it is no common one. 1 ahail have to atay about hero for a day or two, and see What I oan piok up. Porhapa when Mr. Statman makes his ap pearanoe he may be ablo to assist me." The event, aa a matter of oourae, oreated no little sensation in the neighbourhood, and before Jamea Statman was found and brought book to the dying boy, newapapor reportera and catch- penny illuBtratora of eemational periodicals had flocked to tho soene from far and wide, sketch- ing it in either long-winded paragraphs or exe orable woodoutg, aooordiug to their vocation, from every point of view. The police «oro busy, too, searching every ineh of ground about the apot where Jack Blogg had beendiaeovered, till not a pquare yard waa left uninvestigated. But all to no purpose. Not a traoc remained by whioh the perpetrator of tho outrage might be brought to juatioe There was no sign of any struggle, though, from the direotion of the wounds, the boy must have been atttekod iu front, One thing the detective didnot tell Mr. Ather* atone. \ On loaiung the RnokerjAe had been followed out by the ¿otogj^horfwaa called in to attend Jaok Blogg! "-'ThornetSotiyp said nothing till they were out of sight of the" hovel, but then turned sharply to his oompanion " Now, sir," he said, " I can listen to you, if you piesse " " How do you know I have anything to say ?" ' asked the dootor. " I could see it in your face," was tho quiet ' reply. "We have to pay as mueh attention to ' looki al words, in our line, or tbere'd be no ' getting on. You knot something." ' " Do I ?" "Or you suspect something. It's all the ' same thing." s ' " Not quite. However, it's no nie bsatine ' about tbe bush. I have found something that \ ' can make neither head or tail of. Perhaps you ' may bo more snoseeiful." " That depends upon what it is, and where it i carno from." i " This ii what it is," replied the dootor, put f ting something into his hand, which the detective i looked at very curiously. " And it came from . that poor lad'« clenched fingers. He held it ao ' t tightly that I had great difficulty in getting it out of of his clutch." " H'm. You didn't show it to anyone else ?" " No nor mentioned anything of the matter. I thought you would be better able to judge what use oould be made of it." " Quite right, sir," said the detective. " Many a case spoiled by too muoh 'talc If I might advise you now, I should say nothing at all of this yet awile." " Certainly not. Do you think you will bo able to make anything o/it ?" " Well that dependBj^repJied the other, look- ing rather dubiously at whatne held. It's not so bad, aB'ifar as it goes ; .jrnether it oan be pieeed remainder tobe sien. I shall do my best, you may De BWrV** \ " I hope it will lead to a discovery." " Maybe it will. I don't despair. Not that I oan quite see my way, even now. He's quite a lad-not up to anything of this sort I should have thought. However, it's a beginning." " Only a beginning ?" " That we may see the end of when the boy The doctor looked grave. " That will never be, I am afraid." " Ah ! well then, when somebody speaks for him. Likely enough Mr. Jem Statman may give us the other end of the clue." ,, CHAPTER XLV*iL JEM STATMAN AT HAM». That darksome cave they enter,.w°nere they find That enrsed Alan low sitting ah the ground, MuBing full ssabr in his suflaji mindT -Spencer, Jem Statman was forjaband ' returned from Birmingham, looking noie tptynore healthy or reputable for his carouse, to take up his place by the bedside of the still insensible Jaek Blogg, and doggedly refuse all offers of assistance in hil task. " Will he live ?" ho asked tho dootor, almost fieroely, " I am afraid not," that gentleman replied. " If ever be wakes to consciousness at all, whioh is more than doubtful-it will only be at the end." " So that he oan speak half a dozen words to me, it will be suffioient. "I ask no more," said Jem, in a low, oonsontratcd tone. And to make sure, in Buoh a oontingenoy, that he should not loose the tmatice of hearing suoh words if they were spoken,r Jem Statman never left the house for a moment. The deteo tive paid him a^ûsit, but departed as much in tho dark atf*fieHSi)ä been $>efore. Jem either oould net -or womd ^toj^tell him anything that was of the leastsorfiöe.N^ Several days passed, and still the boy lingered on in his deathliko insensibility to all that was passing around him. From the Grange carno down doily hampers of delicate food and wines, wbioh were sent by Beryl with many anxious enquiries as to Jack Blogg's stato, all of whioh were reoeived by the surly denizen of the Rookery with seant thanks. The dootor was the only person* admitted to tho oottage, and he remonstrated with Stat- man. « They are all very kind to you," he said, "and deserve «a litOeHpAjo civility at your hands, I think." ^ ?".' " Do you ?" returned Jem Statman, with a strange, fierce light in his eyes. " Maybe Bo- at any rate, don't be afraid but I shall pay all my debts in full." "At any rate," said the dootor-not quite understanding this speeob.-" I think that you are bound to let Mr,. Atherstone in. You may not pay muoh becado Religion yourself, but think of what that poor lad'might oravo after, if he was sensible." " Oh ! if that's all, I'm no ways particular," was tho early response. " Let the parson come and talk religion over him if he pleases. 'Twon't do Jaok muoh harm nor muoh good Cither, if itNwmos to that, seeing as how he dk't hiar-|tj le%lone understand." " Miss) * Atheretono his been very kind in Bonding all these little luxuries," the dootor wont on. " I suppose I had better tell her how grateful you are for them " " Oh, ay ! Tell her that/that if you like," re aponded Jem, with a ahort^Jtaagreeable laugh. " Give her my hurçbhs. déoty, and all the rest of it. Of courte, I'm mucVbeholdon to her and so ia Jaok, there-though it's all one to him now whether there'a lota to eat and drink or nothing. You may tell her, too," he oontinued, after they got outside the door-for in the oottago they had beep speaking only in subdued whispers " You may toll her this from me James Statman-that I aja aa sure as that there is aun in the sky yonda»*of one thing. " AH^hat is ?" r " Aa nhjbJiov^leanways, the boy aa is all the same to'TDwsfe^m^wn-^rslnt going to leave the world ao quiet aa everybody Beems to think. I don't want to insult you, sir; you've been very kind to-to bim-and God bless you for it ! if I may pray ao ; but you don't feel as I do " " And you think that he will recover ?" " I think as how he'll wake up for long enough to tell mo all I want to know," waa the dogged ' aoawer " And that's who has sent him to his death." "I hope you may be right, my friond. But I very arnon doubt it " " It'll beao, for all that," persisted Jem, in a tone of settled oonviotion that tho dootor felt it would be hopeless Co attempt to combat. " Ho loved me, you see, for all my rough ways, and I loved him the same, after my fashion. And thongh we never went to oburoh o' Sunday, or said our prayers, as other folks do-I belleva enough in the morey of Heaven as to think we'll hav« that little favour shown us as ho shan't go out of the world without knowing that I am by hie Bide. You can tell Miss Atheratone this, sir, and say na how she may send what she likes -I ain't above taking it-not 11-but don't let her be a coming near my placo-that's all." Whioh message reached Beryl-in a much milder form, however; though, modified as it waa, its insolence made both her and her friends very angry, showing, as it did, with what an ill graoe her favours had been received. And ao the days wore on, bringing no ohange to Jaok Blogg, who still lay in the state of lethargy oaueed by the wound on the temple It was thia insensibility that kept him alive, thedoitor said. Nature was completely at reit in his oase, and it was impossible to know how mueh longer he might lut There was another event, too, whioh every succeeding day brought nearer noW- Beryl's wedding-whioh would shortly take placo ii the Barne oldohureh where her grandfather and his father beforo him had stood at the altar with , their brides. / There were to be all sorts of rejoioinga in the ,J neighbourhood, for, besideB the large party of aristocratie friends invited to the ceremony it- self, the tenants were to be feasted in a large marquee erected in the grounds, and the Sun- day school children decorated and dressed for the oooaaion. r " Indeed, Beryl Athelstone waa sparing nei- ther exponse nor trouble to make her last appear anoe as her own mistress as effective as possible, even to ordering the major part of her trousseau "?? Leamington instead of sending to London for ?-SL thereby glnddening the hearts of the tradcs jP^plo who received her instruí tiona. Mr. Carson had got his orders, and completed the necessary papera, ao there waa no occasion now for him to be so frepnontly at the Grange ; and, truth to tell, for many reasons he avoided being there any oftener than he oould help, now, though he oould hardly have told what those reasons were, had he been pressed ever so hardly. Indeed, he confessed as much to Noel, when that young gentleman, who passed all bia daya now in a seventh heaven of delight, taxed his old friend with avoiding them. " No ; you must not think that, Noel," re turned the lawyer, in a grave, half- absent tone " But I have bien so muoh occupied lately that, upon my word-" « Yes-yes-of course !" hastily interrupted Noel. " I was only joking : but I'm not joking , when I aay that in my opinion Graham is not using me kindly. I expeoted him here long . lince." " Ab, Noel, you must not be vexed with him, nor doubt his friendship for you. The day will come whon you will know him better." " Nonsense 1 As if I didn't know him well enough already," replied the young man, heartily. " I don't doubt Graham's friendliness Mr. Carson. I only think that be is enjoying himself in town, and doson't oare to leave it. I was vexed with him moro on Lilly's aeoount than my own, believe me. But I suppose, as she is satisfied, I have no right to be otherwise " ^,_j " Wise judges are we of each other," ironi- cally obseives the poet. If Noel Atherstone ivitd but have seen his friend just then, havo BÁiown tho tortures of doubt and hesitation, that lacked his mind, he would not have accused him, even in jest, of seeking his own gratifica- tion by remaining in London when he would so muoh rather have spent tho time by the sido of bis betrothed bride. He made up for his absence, oortainly, by the length and frequency of hie letters to Lillian, ' though they were not the most cheerful of epistles j and he avoided all mention of the forthcoming event at the Grange in so marked a manner that his fiancee, whoso answers wbro in- variably filled with the subject, could not holp , observing it, and onoe, in a conversation with Beryl, rather incautiously let fall the faot. " It's of no oonBequenoe, Lilly dear," replied the heiress with a sweet smile that concealed a -slightly malevolent expression in her eyes " Graham Carson doesn't like me, I know, but tho world ÍB wide enough 'or both of us " " Not like you ! Oh, Beryl I" cried Lillian in distress. " It's quite true, though you do pretend to be Bhookcd at it, you little hypoorite," laughed Beryl. " And there's nothing particularly sur prising in the faot, either. I am only sorry for it beoauso, as a good wife, you will be bound to eontr&ot; a little wholesome dislike of your hua band's aversion, and I should havo preferred your continuing to love me." " You need not bo afraid of that, Beryl," warmly exclaimed tho girl. ' If Graham really is so unjust to you-though I think you must be mistaken-he will not attempt te make me the same." And then the subject dropped, Beryl Ather- stone not oaring sufficiently either for Graham Carson's likes or dislikes to pursue it further. Indeed sho was muoh more troubled juBt now about a muoh more humble individual who would not be porsuaded to look upon her with favour, or aooopt her bounties in any but the most ohurlish spirit. She had distributed presents far and wide, till all tongues were loud in praiso of her liberality, but with all around bowing down bofore her, and ministering to her will, she oould find no way of oonoiliating tho inhabitant of the Rookery. The exoitement oroated by tho attaok on Jack Blogg had partially died away, though aetivo enquiries were still going on respecting what was still as great a mystery as ever BoryJ bad called more than once in her daily walks at the little desolate homo where the boy lay in a state of insensibility to all around him, but, though she would fain have gone in and looked upon him, Jem Statman would never admit her beyond the threshold. Not that he was aotually rude in apeeob, or said in ao many words that she should not enter, but that this waa what he meant waa sufficiently shown by the manner in whioh he would stand in the doorway and never offer to move on one sido till ehe had departed, aa though he were watching over Borne preoious thing he feared might be stolon from him. Outwardly he was oivil to his benefaotress, ? but thoro waa no warmth in the coldly oivil i words with which, after a time, he acknowledged fhat sho had brought créent; and any little \monplaoo oxpresBÍons of sympathy or regret r the aufferer that she uttered were rcoeived uy Jo m Statman without a syllable of thankaor acknowledgment of any sort " If I wero you, Beryl," Lillian said to her after one of these visita, at which abo had been prosont, " I would not trouble myself any fur- ther about the man. He's a bear." <. " Nay-perhaps that ia doing him injustice," Beryl replied. " Ho ¡B not polite, oertainly, but remombor the oircumetanoes. People of his class are often reserved, and ashamed to let their emotions be seen, whilo the only way of hiding them ia by affecting a brusqaorie that may eaaily be mistaken for rudeness." Lillian thought thoro wai soarcoly sufficient oooasion for so elaborate an apology, though sho could not contradiot nor friend, even while she wondered inwardly why Beryl, who was generally io imperious in her manner, sub mittod to the rebuffs she did in this instance. Cortainly, Jem Statman, was hardly more po lite to others than he was to tho heiresB Eongh and morose in manner, oareless and den aient of anything like affeetion to his oompanion as he had usually appeared, the care he now ox hibited for the itrioken lad wai more like that * of some wild animal for ils young than of a rea- soning being. Ii was as thoigh he wer« afraid of some hid- den enemy-jealous of any one even looking at < the boy betides himsslf. The deeter he could not, of oourie, keep away, but even his minis- trations were regarded with ill-eonoialed dis- favour, and, though he had given a reluctant isosenb to the rector's visits, he showed plainly t'-^P*'>Vag'B that he would muoa rather have been Airitbout thim. Indeed, he said as mueh upon one eooasion " I don't know what you expeet to do, coming here," he said, in a aullen tone. i " What's tho use o' coming and praying and preaching over one as oan't hear you, and would'in understand it if he could ?" " It is my duty, as a minister of the Gospel, that you would do well to read yourself," re- plied Mr. Atherstone, rather severely, for the man's manner was more than usually insolent this day. " Bah !" mookingly ineored the man. " I don't beliovo muoh in them sort o' things. If there's any truth in thom, better keep em all for the big house up yonder, and those as lives in it. They might do moro good tbore than here, I'm thinking. Psalms and prayers is all very well in their way, but they won't heal the ' sick, or bring tho dead baok to life. If they'd make poor Jaok, there, speak now, I'd believe some good on 'em." > Mr. Atherstone attempted a few words of consolation to the man, passing over his bitter- ness of ipeeoh without any other notioe, but Jem Statman showed no signs of being soothed by them, except that he was not quite so defiant in his demeanour. "I'm, maybe, a bit hard, sir," he said roughly. "I've not been brought up in a genteel way, but I don't moan any illwill to you, for all that. You and your good lady have been very good to me, and I shan't forget it. " Somebody else haï boen good to you as well, Statman," gently replied the reotor. " Ah ! they all do their best in the village, I will say." " I don't moan the villagers," eontinued Mr. Atherstone. " But a lady who need not allow yon to stop hore as you do, without let or hin- drance. Miss Atherstone is the mistreis here." " Ay, ay ! BO it is," said Jem, with a short laugh. " And it's you who ought to be master this very hour! But mark my words, sir, there's a b»d time a omiog for everybody in this cursed place, and it won't bo long before it's hero." " A bad time 1" " Yes. And when I look thore, at that poor lad lying BO still and pale-one as I love uko my own flesh and blood-dying like a dog, just aor.use he knowed a soorot as had murder and mischief in it, I'm a'most tempted to shorten the time." Mr Atberstono looked at him as though he thought the man had taken leave of his sonses " I think you don't quite know what you're talking about, Statman," he said kindly. " Your trouble has oonfusod yon " " Ay, ay, sir. Maybe it has-and I waa a talking too loud, perhaps. But it's true what I Bay for all that. When Jaok speaks again and he will-I am suro of that-ihings'll bo a bit clearer. It's not what I oan toll you," he went on, seeing Mr. Athorstouo's look of per- plexity " LoaBtways, if I did, it would be only talk without any proofs. But I've heard all about old Squire Äthers tone's will, sir." " His will ! What on earth do you mean ?" asked the bewildered reotor, in a puzzlod tone, " The ono ho wouldn't sign, you know, con- tinued Statman, nodding his head oracularly " The one that if he had signed, Atherstone Grange would be yours at this very minuto, as it ought to bo, eny way." " Ought to bo ! I don't think you can know what you aro talking about." " Oh, yes, I do, sir, and there's moro nor mo knows the same." And then Jom Statman suddenly subsided into silence, though the reotor Btrove, though vainly, to induce him to explain his somewhat enigmatioal words. " When tho time comos, as come it will, I'll speak, and not afore," said Statman, doggedly ; and, finding he could get nothing more out of him, the reotor went his way. (To be continued.) 