O oimner cial. COURIER Office, Friday Evening. bar 29° ted in the at its on the ay. bel- eve iss' ley, ape the st; to rep let 30, 338 beer, 293 tie, ore off, in. s of beer and 300 e, of rom d in and and out of sand th a the e in a in the deck same perch is The the large ends, i the been and ou el80 ice of vessel in the dainty fur meters about gainst _n in of the acted Tyne ed by letting ballast 1 feet . Thomas the 1 03 a he es- tie on passage, lied to perfectly TO-DAY being the anniversary of the Prince of Wales' birthday was observed as a general holiday at the Customs and in commercial circles. Of the state of business in the import markets there is no improvement to note since our summary of last week. In some quarters it is reported as quiet and in others as stagnant. Already well supplied stocks will receive additions by the arrival yesterday of the Corinth, barque, from London. Kerosine is a trifle firmer, and a tendency for higher quotations is h, evinced in sugars ; otherwise there is not in the slightest change to note in prices current, ed For best brands of Adelaide flour prices cur is rent range from £16 10s. to £16 15s. per ton, try with the usual reduction for country and Victorian mills. Bran worth 9 5 per ton. In the produce market quotations are as follows Maize, 5s. 8d. up to 5s. per bushel ; lucerne and oaten hay, very scarce, £6 10s. up to £7 per ton ; pollard, £3 to £9 per ton ; barley, 4s. 9d. to 5s. per bushel ; oats, 4s. 9d. to 6s. per bushel ¡ potatoes, Queensland, £6 has. to £7, and imported £6 per ton ; butter, Queensland, nominal ; Victoria, 10d. to 11d. per lb.; bacon, 3d. to 12d., according to samples ; cheese, 10d. to 14d for New Zealand and Tasmanian and arrowroot, 8d, per lb. Stations We are advised of the sale of Talavera station, near Surat, together with 45,000 sheep, c, to James Glass, Esq., of Miller's Creek, Murrurundi, at a satisfactory price. Fat Cattle.-Koue forward for the week, and the prospects of the trade obtaining a full supply for some time to come is not satisfactory. Fat Sheep About 2200 passed through our local yards during the week. Messrs. Digby and Elliott, on the 2nd, offered, at the company's yards, 1000 fat wethers from Bundaleer for Q. H. Davenport, Esq. These sheep were good and fair weights, and were cleared at an average of about 14s. Id. On the 7th, Messrs. Fenwick and Scott offered, at the railway yards, 750 ewes from the M'Intyre, for which there was no bidding ; the trade having had to get through a' large number of this sex lately, did not care to operate. We hear of their sale privately, at 7s. per head. On the 8th, Messrs. Digby and Elliott offered, at the company's yards, a second draft of 500 of Mr. Davenport's wethers, which were quitted at 14s. 6d. Store Cattle There has been a few more active enquiries for these during the week, but we have not heard of any business being done. Store Sheep Active enquiries for these have been made during the week, and we quite expect to be able to record some Bales shortly. Milch Cowes. few passed the hammer this week at from £8 to £9. Messrs. B. D, MowniE.ui and Co., stock, station, and produce agents, report under date November S : Stations. Operations are entirely confined to western and north-western properties. In the districts of East and West Moreton, Darling Downs, Burnett, Wide Bay, Port Curtis, and in portions of the Maranoa, Leichhardt, and Kennedy, the present season is the worst we have ever known, and all transactions, whether in stock or stations, in these districts, are virtually suspended. In fact, no sales of any kind can be carried out in certain of the districts named until ample rains full, and unless we get rain soon the results will be disastrous. Already in many places the losses have been heavy. From the gloomy state of affairs in the districts above indicated, we turn with pleasure to the prosperous state of other portions of this colony. The Reason is fair all over the Warrego district, and good in portion?, and our latest reports from the North and South Gregg ish, the Mitchell and Burke districts, are highly satisfactory. " Abundance of grass and water everywhere, and stock rolling fat." The country watered by the heads of the Thomson, Diamantina, and Herbert, and by the waters running into the Gulf of Carpentaria, is rapidly coming into favor, and we venture to predict that this feeling will intensify as the country in question becomes better known. It is there that in the future the great sheep and cattle stations of these colonies will be found. There is no finer country in the continent of Australia, and the area is immense, extending as it does from the Kennedy Districts on the east, across Queensland, and we believe far into the Northern Territory of South Australia. It is scarcely within the province of a report of this kind to go fully into all the many and ber 18, I vantages offered by the country kit referred to, Cd. but we shall briefly ghosts of the primal y ones of 1st. As already stated, the country is unsurpassed and though much of it is not well watered, yet there is a great deal of never failing water, and on most of the country sufficient to go south while miners being made. 2nd. The nature d facilities for storing water are very great. 3rd. It is certainly not a droughty locality. It is now a pretty v. eil established fact that heavy rains can be relied upon at least once a year, and generally twice. Taking into consideration the manner in which much of the neighboring colony and portions of this have suffered and are still suffering from drought, we think the latter is a reason that will be appreciated by many. Some of the country in question was taken up many years ago, and abandoned, not for want of glass and water, but from want of means and we would caution the man of small means that the country referred to is not the place for him. But the capitalist Ima a splendid field there, and must succeed. Cattle There is a demand for store cattle, which cannot be supplied until the drought breaks up, inasmuch as the western owners do not care to sell store cattle, and the owners of coast runs, for the reasons already given, cannot. Fat Cattle.-Owiugto thediought,theie scene fat cattle whatever on the coast runs. The consequence is that we have to look to the west for our supply,andthenumberscomingfonvaid being short of the demand, prices are higher than we have ever known them, and we think that prices in this market for both fat sheep and cattle for months to come must be high. Even were the drought on coast stations to break up at once, it is impossible, in the present condition of the cattle thereon, that we can get any fat cattle from them for months, and unless rain falls soon, we are at a loss to know how we are to be supplied at all, as we learn that western cattle will, not be able, in the absence of I am, to get her e. We quote western fat cattle, of very prime, up to 10d per head, delivered at Dalby. Sheepskin store sheep we hear of but few transactions, not can many take place until ample and general rains fall in this and the colony of New South Wales, but when good rains do fall there will be a great demand, Fat Sheep are very high here fortissimo reason that fat cattle are. There are no fat sheep on the Downs, and not many coming forward from the west. Good fat wethers, in the wool, are selling up to 15s. and 16s. Produce, Wool is advancing in price, and produce of all kinds is in fair demand. Sales. We have sold, on account of the proprietors, the Ardoch station, Bulloo River, with the cattle thereon, unmustered (and numbering about 8000 head for the sum of £03,500 cash, William Sly, Esq, purchaser on account of S. G. Watson, Esq., Xeuophen Downs, North Gregory, to R. Wilson, Esq. in conjunction with Messrs. Ryan and Hammond, Melbourne, on account of Messrs. Collins and Sons, the Whitula station, South Gregory district, with 14,000 sheep, F. T. Armitage, Esq, purchaser; on account of Mrs, Clapperton of Tarong, 39 fat bullocks and (J cows, the former at 97 10s, and the latter at £0 10s, delivered on the station on account of Messrs. E. J. and T. S. Stevens, of Tin teaching, Bulloo River, 139 fat bullocks and cows at 3 10s. all round, delivered at Chinchilla on account of the Scottish Australian Investment Company, limited, in conjunction with Messrs. Digby and Elliott, at the Brisbane sale yards, 6000 ewes at an average of about 9s. 6d. on account of the same company, at Wilcannia, 961 store bullocks at £5 5s. each on account of James Lalor, Esq., of Gubberamunda, near Roma, 389 head of store bullocks at £1 5s. each, the Dillalah Company pin chasers. The last two sales were made in conjunction with Mr. J. T, C, Ranken, of Bourke. We have also sold large quantities of wool, tallow, hides, and sheepskins, at the following prices, viz. Wool in grease at 8d. to S Jil ; ditto fellmongered, Sid., tallow, £30 to £32 10s.; hides, 2d. to 3d a sheepskins, 5d. to 7{(L Messrs, King and Cunningham, Melbourne, under date of October 31, report. Fat Cattle - 1152 formed to supply for this week, of which MO Reefton New South Wales and Queciial end, and the balance from the Upper Murray and Gippsland, The demand was very slack owing to the quantity of lambs coming in, but prices were not quite so low is last week, and the market hardened towards the close We quota Beat pens bullocks, £10 10s to 12 ; good, 5 10s to 14). medium, £0 10s. to £7 10s Our sales were- 110 bullocks and 2 cows from Ardoch, Qucensl nail, to £11 7s 6d., average to 5 12s for bullocks, cows to £3 Ss 1 at Sheep -The number in to day was 17,988, either party of a middling and inferior descriptions, hum the south The demand was active and prices for best sheep in december hardes, whilst others sold at late rates We quote-i'lliuo merino wethers, 15s to 17s 6d . good ditto, 13s tolls Oil ; middling ditto, lot Gd tolls Oil ; prime merino ewes, 10s 6d to 11s , good ditto, 9s to 10s ; prime crossbred allow wethers up to 13s Out sales were 1800 Petunia for Mr J Kusot, Hartwood Station and 837 Cowes on Um New South Wales side of the Murray, for Messrs G T Allen and I'litnus, liiiciildmo Downs station, Alice mm, Queensland here fjkiOK-Tho demand continues for today good lots of sheep and cattle fit for immediate f attempt, and all lots of a suitable description coming into the market will find buyers. The following is the weekly report of Messrs. R. Goldsbrough and Co., Melbourne, dated October 31 : Wool We catalogued 830 1) rules for our auction sale to day, being the largest quantity hitherto offered in Australian but one side there was a crowded attend once of buyers, and spirited competition for all the lots, the prices obtained being in most instances higher than last week We sold 7400 bales, greasy ranging from 7d to 4s 2d , inferior to f iii a cargo fleece realised 4s 3d to 1s Oil per lb The catalogue included a large quantity of wool from the adjoining columns, Sielbimino being now fully established as the great central wool must for Any till HIll. Sheepskins Our sales held during the past I week were well attended, and we disposed of a full supply at sucH. factory prices, quotations ranging us follow -Dry skins, of inferior to average quality, JJd to 4d per lb , ditto, medium to superior, 4d to 5d per lb Hides. We disposed of an average supply during the week, and report a slightly improved tone, hides of superior quality being readily cleared out at a satisfactory prices. Our sales have been well attended, and wo report us follow.-A*omge oranges, 18s. to 21s each, cow- hides, 16s to 22s (6d each, Victorian, salted, 3d to 4 Jil per lb , New Zealand ditto, lil tons peril) Kung iron Skins -'This market remains very depressed, and the supply has much diminished All small and no fears pnicelaitroqiuto unsaleable, but later fresh skins meet with enquiry at prices ranging from 7th to Dil per lb. Tallow We disposed of a full catalogue yesterday, at prices similar to those ruling, last week 'The demand is chiefly for local use, freight to Latrobe Ewing difficult to obtain We quote Mutton, fine £32 to £34 per ton, beef, from ditto 38 ditto, mixed, from 2d to £32 ditto rain Rain 13 STEer, Oustn From STATE Sir a r will Tun 1 THE A FLOTS 1 I THE AMUS li INTER ENGL ( THE LADY THE CHILI REEF Now LEFT FACT SELE GI NI Cum Jo DI Coin THE TOO LATE LADY U Qu F 312 C ou Que 10 