[From our Country Correspondents.] AUBURN, December 21. An entertainment was given in the Town Hall, Auburn, on Wednesday evening, Decem ber 19, in aid of the Indian Famine Relief Fund. It was advertised that Mr. C. S. Hare would preside, but a telegram was received stating that his absence at the beginning of the entertainment was unavoidable, but that he would be there by the last train. The Rev. C. W. Hawkins consented to take the chair, and The concert opened with a pianoforte duet by the Misses Bleechmore. Mr. W. Eebbeck gave a recitation in excellent style, 'Nothing to wear.' which was applauded. A song by Mrs. W. Eossi was vociferously encored and re sponded to, and was followed by a pianoforte duet by Mrs. Rossi and Mrs. Price. A song by Mr. C. H. Richardson was deservedly encored. Another pianoforte duet 'was then played by Miss B. Spicer and Miss Forrester, and was followed by a song by Mrs. Rossi, which was loudly applauded and encored. Another pianoforte duet was followedbyja song by Mr. C. H. Richardson, which was encored. Mr. C. S. Hare here entered the Hall, and delivered an excellent and lengthy address on the famine. The entertainment concluded with the ''Carnival d'Afrique; orBarnum's Bill,' in character, all the parts being represented by local amateurs, and was played remarkably well, creating roars of laughter. The cast was as follows : — Barnum, Mr. W. F. Loutit; Slim Jim, Mr. William Rossi ; Reporter to Press. Mr. E. G. Bleechmore; Musician, Mr. D. Smith;; Old Joe, Mr. Tothill; Policeman, Mr. E. Boord; Schoolmaster, Mr. E. M. Dudley; King Richard, Mr. R. Spicer; Water Girl, Mr. G. Bleechmore; Lady Macbeth, Mr. T. Constable; Fireman (Mose), Mr. F' Barkla; Ghost, Mr. W. Rebbeck; Mose Girl, Mr. George Field. The ' March through Georgia' was given in character to wind up, A hearty vote of thanks to Mr. C. S. Hare for his kindness in attending the entertainment and for the address he had given was carried by acclamation. A vote of thanks to the Chair man closed . the entertainment, which was attended by a large and fashionable audience. Proceeds, £19. — A cricket match was played at Auburn last Saturday between the Auburn - United Tradesmen and a combined team from the Waterloo and Manoora Clubs, and resulted in a victory for the Auburn United Ttt desmen by one innings and 49 runs to span. The return match is to be played on the 28th De- ~ cember. Some arrangements are being made, I understand, to have some swimming matches during the coming holidays. — The weather is very hot and the reapers are humming iu all directions. 