ECHOES FROM THE BUSH. By Geoffky Ceabthorn. It is an amusing problem to consider how the controversy between the Govern ment and the recalcitrant J.P.'s will end. Thus far the former have taken their Bnubbing 'lying down. lney seem, indeed, to have performed the part of the fabled ostrich who puts his head in a bush so that he may escape observation. They had not strength of mind enough to require the obnoxious resignations to be withdrawn, but simply declined to let them be seen by the Governor, although they have had ' much pleasure' in dis closing them to the world at large. Indeed they are content to accept the offensive strictures if only their critics will give them a separate letter to submit to His Excellency. Mr. Sandover and those who acted like him have the satis faction of knowing that the*r resignations are gracefully accepted, and the^r rebuke at the same time duly recorded in the Attorney-General's office and the Parlia mentary archives. But how about the others i If the Government had had the courage of their opinions they would have said a fortnight ago — ' We will not have our acts criticised by men amenable to authority : either your letters must be withdrawn or you shall be dismissed.' Instead of this they have waited to see how the wind blew until the eclat of a bold deed has become impossible. Still a worm when trodden on will turn, and though they have let the time go by for putting down their foot with the lordly air of the lion, they can still turn on their adversaries in vermicular fashion by re moving them from office. I commend this step to the consideration of the next Cabinet as the only possible escape now left from utter humiliation. Meantime another amusing result of the Government speculations in the vote market has cropped up. The idle school boy of the old story book who vainly invited so many busy members of the animal kingdom to come and play with him, or the philosopher Diogenes unsuc cessfully prosecuting his search for an honest man, went not upon a more hope less errand than did the Special Magis trate at Kapunda last week when he tra versed the town seeking for a man humble minded enough to let his name be placed upon the Commission of the Peace. If. as my caustic Everard avers, 'unblenrsncd character and reputation are no longer considered an indispensable requisite for the position,' it is surely no wonder that one after another should refuse to hearken to the voice of the charmer, chsrm he never so wisely. Jack Cade's charge against the Lord Say — ' Thou hast appointed Justices of the Peace,' may yet be made a count against the head of the Government ; but the worthy burghers of Kapunda have evidently made up their minds that their name3 at any rate shall not be found endorsing the defence. lake Sir. J. G. Francis in the neighbouring colony of Victoria, who has three times refused knighthood, the Ka pundaites firmly decline an honour which is too indiscriminately conferred and too often given as the pay for political seiTices, in place of being regarded as a trust for the good of the State. How the terrible rift in the Kapunda Bench is to be closed — whether any Quintus Curtius i« to be found willing to jump into it — are problems still unsolved. Perh-ps something like the following will appear in some future Gazette : — fTlENDEES will be received at the Attorney JL General's Office up to the 30th inst. from persons willing to perform the duties of Justice of the Peace at Kapunda. Antecedents not enquired into and education no object. Ad mirers of the Ministry preferred. Associa tion with the Minister of Agriculture deemed a i recommendation ; but the Government do not bind themselves to accept the lowest Tender. By order, &c.; Reverting, however, to the mission of the worthy S.M., a correspondent who appears to be well acquainted with the circumstances has thus idealized that eventful day's proceedings : — THE QUEST OF THE J.P. A BALLAD OF KAPUNDA. He had finished his breakfast, his letters were read, His boots in the fender sole uppermost lay ; 'What, ho! there, my charger,' jocosely he said, ' I've a right pleasant labour before me to day.' Then he rose f iom the table, stepped into the hall, And equipped him to brave the wet weather outside, Soon climbed to the back of his charger so tall, And off through the rain hotly started to ride 'Now, whither so fast?' cried a voice through. the storm, ' Ho, what is your errand, good Sir, may I ask?' The answer came faintly, ' Tis mine to perform To-day at Kapunda a right pleasant task.' Soon he rode up the street of the half-asleep town, Fetching folks from their stores with his clatter and din, Then checked his licet charger, and lightly leaped down On the nags in the front of the principal inn. Out hastened the barman, out hurried mine host, ' What tidings ! what tidings, good Sir, dost thou bring ? Hath an enemy's cruiser arrived off the coast, Prepared shot and shell 'mongst the shipping toflingr' 'No tidings of war do I bring,' said the Knight, Whom the throng standing round as 'Sir Varley' addressed ; ' On a mission of peace have I come with delight, Its nature methinks should be easily guessed. ' Tis mine a high honour to-day to confer On one of your townsmen unnoted by fame ; From obscurity lifted, he'll soon make a stir When the letters J J*. are tacked on to his name. 'That dignified rank, I'm commissioned to say, The Government freely desire to bestow On a suitable son of Kapunda to-day, And where is the churl that will rudely say ♦nor*' Then the throng turned away with strange winks and sly nodu, With, ironical grins and coarse comments like these — ' No yon don't V 'Not for Joseph !' ' I'll lay you long odds You don't get this child, Sir, among your J-P.'sf He stared, did Sir Varley, and muttered ' pooh, -pooh!' Then made with long strides for a building hard by, Shook his friend by the hand with a hearty -how do?' Told his errand and waited, all smiles, the reply. Ere ten minutes had passed from the door he emerged; Perplexed was his face and less hopeful his air, As evading the throng to the left he diverged And entered an office placed handily there. 'Good day, honest neighbour!' Sir Varley ex claimed ; ' Our Queen hath a need of another JJ*M And you among other true burghers I've named As one who right gladly a Justice would be.' The neighbour laid down his steel pen on his He lifted his ruler and said but one word ; But his eye such a startling significance had That Sir Varley turned tailf and was off like a bird. To and fro, up and down, and all over the town, In store, Bank, and office, that mom was he On 3s brow they saw gathered a desperate And his' face with each failure seemed longer to get. But the larrikins voted it capital sport, And wherever he went followed close at hirf heels, All contriving the Knight -with choice slang to exhort, Or listening outside to his plaintive appeal*. Then the schoolboys, released from their tasks, took a run And joined in the pastime with infinite glee. And stoutly maintained that for real honest fun There was nothing like trying to catch a J.P. In vain was the quest. All indignant and hot. When the subject was mooted, each honuKt soul secined ; By the men of Kapunda, J.r.ship, I wot, Was plainly not much of a dignity deeim-d. Day passed ; it grew dusk, nud so drew on to night, And Sir Varley rode home tlirough the mist and the rain, And said, as in bed he extinguished the light, ' I'm blest if I ever hunt J.r.'s again.' MOUAL. When distributing favours let Ministers, tbou, This incontrovertible fact boar in mind, That an honour bestowed on equivocal meu Will be by respectablo people docliued. In my cordial welcome List week to Mr. Davenport I had not time to compliment him upon the valuable mechanical con trivances he ha3 brought from Yankee Land. I am not learned in such matters and cannot gather much idua of tho apparatus from the published catalogue, but some of the exhibits spoak for them selves while others optm a witlo Hold for conjecture. Thus a self -registering tap that tells you how much beer you have taken after you havo lost tho capacity of measuring it approves ita merits at once, albeit ouo -wonders at such an article being needed in so sober a country as our teetotal friends would make out America to be. On tho other hand what a puzzle is tho ' Dickey Fan,' which is said to be useful in chatting. According to old Addison's Spectator a lady's fan was often used actively in what we moderners call chafting. Is it possiblo that a Dickey Fan is tho same instrument adapted to the use of a ball-room beau instead of a ball-room belle { I havo heard too of an artiiicial ghost, con structed of a pumpkin, a candle, and a sheet, being used for the purpose of chaffing, but this is called a Fan-Tom. Again, what can a ' Post-hole Digger' bo i A post- coal digger I could understand to mean a patent digger warranted to get at least gold enough to poat tho coal, i.e., to pay expenses; but surely a poat- holo digger can only be a contrivance for nefariously extracting letters through thu usual Post-Office slit. Mr. Cotton's typo setting machine is no doubt allied with tho improved ' ColtonPress,' but whether such an organ would have much of a circulation in South Australia is perhaps open to doubt. The same doubt applies to tho l\Iitring Machine, which would no doubt be useful in a country more addicted to bishops. As for the new ' Tire-and-Axle Upaotter' 1 would back half a dozen stumps on tho road past my place to beat it in efficacy any dark night you like to try ; and unless the ' Patent Baker' is warranted to deliver hot rolls every morning and never, send in his bill I would just as soon put u\% with the local article. Then how could Mr. Davenport suppose wo wanted any moro 'Felloe-borers]' Let him look at our Parliament. Aro thero not membora there whose power of boring a fellow must equal anything America can supply I The same consideration should liave led him to reject tho ' Oscillating Pumps.' Surely wo have feeble-minded wavorors enough, ready to shout for a leader one week and to hound him down the next, going from side to side in short as caprice or cajolery may work them. Of all his importations pro bably the new ' Stump-extractor' will be the most appreciated. Few pooplo can wholly eschew toothache, and tho fame of the Americans for painless dentistry is so great that their latest contrivances must be welcome. This instrument, appro priately called 'the Little Giant,' will it seems pull a stump up by tho roots without the least pain or difficulty, and will overcome the resistance eyon of tho strongest gums. If in addition to thu* boon for the public Mr. Davenport could also have imported for Parliamentary purposes a Patent Debater, warranted to speak nothing but senso and never to go for more than ten minutes at a time, ho would havo filled the measure of out gratitudo to ovorunniug, and might havo been measured for hi3 statue any day he nlcasud. 