A LAST WORD TO AN ANGLICAN RECTOR. 70 Blank-street, Melbourne, 15th June, 1877. HY DEAB RECTOS,— The' seventh of the last kalends was made very agreeably memorable to me by the arrival of your cpistola of the ninth of the kalends of April, Ab urbe condita 2635, which years and days in vulgar chronology correspond respectively with 26th May and 24th March, In hoc atmo saluiis 1877. Very kind are the kind words of yours which winds and waves have hither wafted to mc from Albion's distant isle, and very keen are the keen words which you have so sportively mixed up with the kind words. And then, what a profusion of jocose retort, and of ironical assent, and of comic misapprehensions in some things, and of affected ignorance in others, and lots of invincible fun and formidable wit, with a general fusilade of invulnerable nothings, to which I could no more reply than I could wrestle with a ghost. Then, finally, having bombarded me with a full battery of droll defiance and sarcastic raillery, you ride off, waving your hat triumphantly, and tauntingly ask me, " What about the mark of the Beast ?" and bid me g and " examine my forehead in a scriptural looking- glass." Now you must be very well aware, my dear rector, that it makes me feel queer and uncomfortable to be told that I have the mark of a beast upon me. It stings me, like the diminutive arrows shot from Lilliputian bows into the back of his hand, Etvmg Gulliver, and made him think he had been slightly pricked by the smallest of pins. So I went to the looking-glass, and I examined my forehead all over, centre, left and right. But, would you believe it, I couldn't discover any mark on it, nor any beast, nor nothing. And, not content with my own investigations, I procured the help of several very sharp-sighted friends, and, after careful scrutiny, conducted with a powerful microscope, they assured me that my forehead was " all right," and that neither paw nor fang of any beast had touched my brow. Then I began to recover from, the trepidation, into which you threw me by your dreadful allusion, for I was in a regular fright at first, not knowing what terrible "beast" might come and claim me as his property, and (as the song says) " carry me off on his hind quarters." For a "mark" means property, you know. We mark our sheep out here in. Australia as you mark them in .BfaHA-shire. The "mark" signifies that the sheep belongs to somebody. We mark our oxen and horses, our teaspoons and our towels, so that we may identify them, or prove that they are ours. We also mark our streets, and we mark our houses with names and numbers, so that every citizen may be able to distinguish his own domicile. The Wesleyites ' in some parts of England, and other Protestant "dissenters," often mark their places of Worship, or preaching houses (as Jomi Wesley would have them' called), by painting, in «rge letters on the front of the building, " WesUyUc Chapel," or " House of God," o like inscription, so that the members of ®e Protestant " Church of Christ" may jM get into the wrong box, or lose his soul ty inadvertently entering some other Profetant "Church of Christ," just to if wrist had true churches and false churches in the . same town ; or as if one Protestant church-^waa not as safe to be in as another. When passing thesetieketed " churches " in London, Cornwall, Yorkshire, andelsewhere, I have often thought of the "wisdom'of Parliament in requiring all chemists and druggists to mark their bottles when they sell strychnine, or antimony, and write " jPoitm" on the label, so that if anyone felt disposed to taste the contents, he might know what he was taking. So that a mark may be useful sometimes as a caution or a warning, as when we moor a buoy on a sand bank, that ships may avoid danger. However, as I began to regain my composure, I also began to consider this matter of " marks," and " beasts," and" scriptural looking-glasses." And the point that struck me first was that a mark, in order to be a mark, must be plain, visible, legible, tangible, and recognisable. In this world, an invisible mark would he no mark at all. And as there waa no mark that mortal eve could discover on my forehead, I couldn t, therefore, have any beast's mark upon my os frontis. An invisible mark couldn't be deposed to. An invisible mark would be an absurdity. " The beast" would be a fool of a beast to put an invisible mark on me; nor could you, rev. rector, see such a mark; and, therefore, your insinuation is only an insinuation, and you are bound to describe the mark, and to convince me that "the beast" marked me with that mark, and what beast'it was that put. the mark on, and when he put it on, and where I was when he put it on, and why he put it on, and what right he had to brand me with his mark, and how the mark gives him any power over mej^_Thea_e questions _you are called on to answer with the utmost exactness, and if you can't, or won't, only see what consequences will ensue. I shall immediately conclude that you had before your scriptural and Protestant mind's eye a vision of a Lion or a Unicom, two beasts whose flaming red pictures are reverently hung up in every Anglican Church not condemned by an Anglican bishop as too ritualistic, and even in the majority of these. This Lion and Unicorn are the supporters of the Queen's escutcheon, her Majesty's royal coat of arms; and this royal coat of arms, supported or maintained by a Lion or a Unicorn, you suspend with great piety and devout respect in your churches, either over your " altar tables," or on the front of your organ galleries, or over your pulpits. So that, dear rector, you have led me to suppose that you had the Anglican Lion or the Protestant and Scriptural Unicorn in your head when you inquired so amiably about the "mark of the beast" on my innocent brow. But if I bear a mark, and the mark should be the tight twist of the unicorn's tail, which we have admired ere now at the gate of Buckingham Palace, why should you point your finger in mockery at that mark? Is it not a most respectable stigma—a royal monogram in which the Supreme Head of your Church delighteth? Am I to be laughed at by an Anglican rector if I carry on my forehead the badge of royalty, the figure of a beast that figures over the royal pew in Windsor Castle Chapel, and on the panels of her Majesty's carriages, and in all courts of justice ? Recollect what a favourite beast this unicorn is with your Sovereign Lady the Queen, to whom the loop of its tail binds you in civil and ecclesiastical bonds; besides being a pet beast with all your "reformers." Would you insult your Queen and sole supreme head of your " Establishment" by sneering at the marks of a beast, when the beast stands high in her regal favour ? If it be only a choice between beasts, my beast, whatever it be, may be as clean and fat a beast as yours; only observe that I can tell you what beast has marked your forehead, and you can't tell me what beast has marked mine. You will find no unicorns or lions in a Catholic church, though you will find the cross, the crucifix, the spear, the nails, the sponge, the crown of thorns round every Catholic altar. Are these emblems any mark of the Beast, my dear rector; and if so, of what beast ? And this brings me to the point at which I have been aiming, and which will shed further light on the mark and the Beast. You know that there is an appointed service in your Book of Common Prayer for the Protestant performance of infant baptism. You made a vow once to follow this order of baptism. You have three forms:—1. For infants baptised in the Church. 2. For infants baptised in private houses. 3. For adults. At the end of the first service you are aware that there is a codicil, or posteript, or appendix, with two clauses. In response to your Pax Vobiscum, I here copy out this second clause from your Book of Common Prayer:— " To take away all scruple (!!!) concerning " the use of the sign of the Cross in baptism, "the true explication thereof, and the just " reason for retaining it, may be seen in the " 30th Canon, first published in 1604." Now you, my dear rector, as an Anglican clergyman, are called on every week to »use this service, and you know the clause, which I have transcribed for greater convenience. I want, then, toknowfrom you WHY this clause was subjoined after one hutidred years to your ordinal? Please note that, whoever tacked it on, refers all disputants and doubters to the 30th of your Protestant Canons or Laws, which were published in 1604, when Christianity had been 1500 years planted in England. Why was the clause or the canon r required? Answer me. I will forestall your answer. The Catholic Archbishop of Canterbury died in 1632, and Dr. Thomas Cranmer was nominated to the See by Henry VIII., and consecrated 30th March, 1633, having promised todivorce the king from his lawfvjl wife. Cranmfer would fain have altered the Mass, but dare not • during 1 IJenryV lifetime. When Edward VI. came to the throne, the Mass and Missal were altered doctrinally and liturgicallyin an anti- Catholic direction, and this waa the first shape assumed by the "Book of Common Prayer." A second alteration took place inthis reign, still anti-Catholic. When Elizabeth came there was another alteration, and when James I. came there was another alteration, and when Charles I. came there was another alteration, and when Oliver Cromwell came the Independent party swept away the Book, and bishops, and rectors like rubbish; and when Charles II. came it was restored and altered once more, and became the perfect Phoenix it is now, the Protestant " missal." But the last alterations were backwards, as an attempt to infuse a little High Church into the ritualistic Caliban. For Protestantism had travelled so far between Elizabeth's book and Charles H.'s book that it had got to the fanatical length of rejecting all sacraments, and of regarding the sign of the Cross of Christ himself as the mark of the Apocalyptic Beast (Rev. xiii). To this almost incredible degree of atheist secularism had Engish Protestants run, that people, with open bibles in hand, literally looked upon the sign of the Cross of Christ, the ensign of salvation, as the brand of Satan. This was called " tenderness of conscience," and these tender consciences " scrupled" to use the sign even in baptism. So we learn from your clause and your canon. This demoniac impiety culminated during Cromwell's reign, and. X hope, dear rector, you are rather shocked in reading this reminder of it, for the sign of the Cross was held to be an _act of homage_loJBeelzebub, and Christ was taken for the devil. Clearly you had forgotten all these things, dear rector, when you asked me in your last " what about the mark of the Beast ?" The history of your, own Prayer Book had slipped your memory, no doubt, and perhaps you will recall it the next time you "administer baptism" to an infant. Do you ever make the sign, of the Cross at any other time ? If not, why not? Are you afraid of it, or are you only ashamed of it r" Is it to be dreaded like a witch's curse, or necromancer's spell ? What's the hurt you apprehend from it? What do you fear it for? If there be a secret moral blight in it, why do you make it over the poor, little, helpless child after you baptise it? Is it not inhuman to sign the sign of the Cross over a child if there be an evil influence in it? An evil influence in the sign of Christ's Cross!!! Oh, dear rector, isn't Anglicanism an awful thing when you come thus to analyse it ? But I should like to know, again, why you use the sign of the Cross in baptism, and never introduce it in the " Lord's Supper?" Why don't yoxf make it over the "bread and wino?" Why don't you make it on the ring when you marry the couples who come to you? Why doesn't your bishop make the holy sign when he "ordains, or "gives confirmation?" Will you answer these questions? And, still further, I want to know why you use the sign of the Cross in baptism when rou have no scriptural authority for so "doing. If you can quote one verse out of the whole bible that commands you to use the sign I'll turn Anglican the moment you produce it, and thus risk my very soul. You have no scriptural authority for it, and is this the reason why you "call the use of the sign of the Cross " superstitious." Is it then not superstitious to use the sign once in sixty or seventy years, just once in a lifetime, at baptism ; and is it superstitious to use it twice ? Prove this from " the Bible," dear rector. If there is ne sin in making the sign of the Cross once, as you do after you have baptised a child, what's the sin of using it twice ? Tell me, please. If it is no sin to use the sign of the Cross in one sacrament, pray what's the sin or the shame in using it in another sacrament? You can't tell. You can only jeer and sneer and say something which sounds very unscholarly in my ears about the "mark of the Beast," meaning, I suppose, the Anglican beast, the Unicorn. You speak of the " superstitious" use of the sign of the Cross. What do you mean, rev. sir, by a " superstitious" use of the sign of our salvation ? Can we be too much saved ? Can we have too much of the Cross? Can we remind ourselves too often of the sufferings of the Saviour? Do you not feel, sir, that when you talk as you do about the superstitious use of the sign of the Cross, you are taking sides with the powers of hell, who seek even to obliterate the Cross and the Crucified and His sign from the earth ? And all that the Catholic Church does and can do to prevent you is to multiply and exalt the emblems of our redemption all the more, just as one loving and _ obedient child, • by more abundant affection, tries to make up for and to console a parent's heart for the grief or distress caused by a bad and disobedient child. Oh, rev. air, you don't seem to be aware how edifying to us Catholics it is to read in all newspapers of the crusade—the holy war—-you and your Supreme Head, through her Prime Minister and Parliament, aided by your bishops, are all now waging against the sign of God's eternal love to mankind; excluding it from all place in your " divine service," brushing it off all your " altars," forbidding it under pain of fines and imprisonment, especially denouncing the use of the sign in the Lord's Supper, at which you profess to commemorate the agony of Him who died His blood: for you upon the Cross; and oh, blessed Saviour, they caU.this a "Reformation; and Thee they compare to the fallen spirit whose, reign Thou earnest .to destroy.! Therign of Thy Cross bone " the mark of the Beast,1' „ The apostle Bt. Panl-.exhorts us, that whether we eat, or whethet we drink, we are ,todo all. inthe naine ("X")of the Lord Jesus (Col. iiL 6-^. • Hbwjcaa we more piously comply with of the Cross and using hi/inspired wonts! This is the daily custom of Catholics, but it would scandalise you if I, at your dinnertable, among a large party, should make the sign .of the Cross, before I took up my knife and fork, as " the .early Christians did." Yes, there must be something awf ully wrong in a reformed Church which thus banishes the sign of the Cross from the domestic as well as the ecclesiastical domain. -For- there are great numbers of you, lay and cleric, who would gladly give up even tie one'feeble ray of Catholic light you retain, the sign of the Cross after baptism. They have '' scruples " about it. They are haunted by the fear that there is something very wicked in it, that in some way or'other the sign of the Cross places them under the paw of a beast that comes up from the bottomless pit; and these men go up into pulpits and preach from the words, " God forbid that I should glory, save in the Cross of Clmst." Yes, a few of your pastors tried in a small way to bring back Englishmen to right views of baptism after the Cromwellian tyranny, but three-fourths of England is as dead to-day to the full apprehension of the nature of that sacrament as the blacks of Queensland. Three-fourths of your clergy would " alter" the baptism service worse than ever, and formally, as they now virtually deny the faith of the Church of Christ crucified, as confessed at Nicea. Whether any beast could do worse than nullify a sacrament " generally necessary to salvation " I know not; nor do I know whether the beast you inquire about is a lion or a unicorn. But I-^do—knowthat the forehead which is never marked with the sign. of the Cross is deprived of its most glorious decoration. Did you ever say the '' Litany of the Cross ?'' Dear rector, did you ever hear of it before? Do you hope to die with a crucifix in your hand ? Do you expect to see the sign of the Son of Man, the standard of our victorious Lord, the Cross, borne before Him when He comes as Judge ? On that day may God have mercy on the " Church" that cast out the sign of the Cross from all her services, except baptism, and even then teaches her people that it is " superstitious" to use the sign more than once in a whole life. The Unicorn may be the beast whose mark you ask about, but if it be, his mark is certainly not the sign of the Cross; and so, dear rector, adieu. PEUTBTEB. 