CHARGE AGAINST A POLICEMAN OF ASSAULTING A PRISONER. [FROM OUR GULGONG CORRESPONDENT.] ON Wednesdav last the Bench of Ma istratei at CulgrnS were eniiag d nearlj the wh >le of the da>, investigating the chirgc of b utalitv [referred a¿amst senior constable Charles Breen, of Coolah bv a prisoner whom ho had ar e-.ted upon a oharge of iorgerv The Ben h was occu- pied by Mr T A Browne, P M, and Messrs J F Plunkett and S A Blackman, J Ps., Mr George C. Carter, sub inspector of police condu ted tho pro«ecu tion, and Mr Edward Clarke appeared f r the defen e George C Carter, sworn, said, I am sub tnsr e tor or pol ce stationed at Mudgee, 1 ro e ved in tru funs from the supenuttndent of njlice to lay an mtoimuton aj.a n t consta lo Charles Ereen, for an assault committed iqoi Christopher M'Ananaly now a pris ncr upon a cha ge ot fargety, I did so I hive known B ecn ab uttvojears an 1 until this mat er I have had the highest opinion of h m as ¡in efficient ofùcer Christopher McAnanaly, sworn, and examined by Mr Carter, said on the 2nd of December I was a rested by the defendant ot Coolah, I have heard my informaUm read, and it IB true, I am a ship's carpenter, and on remand upon a charge of foi gery I w is at Cool ih the beg nmng ol the month, and wasaues td h\ constable Breen theie on the 2nd on a charlo of lor erv I aero upanied him to toe lu k up, upon the waj 1 »"-Ltd bim lo fh w in» tho warrint for my apprehension he find ho hal it, but lofu ed to show it to me conatal le Br en said, ' If y u don t go I II knock you down ' he 1 ad a heavy whip in his hand laiscd up, and said* Go cn I slipped bick to *vod the blow upon mv head, »nd the How fr m thevvlnp fe 1 up n my left arm be ttruok mo «veal tims tho blow-i broke my arm and cut uiv tout theio is tluod U] on my coat, and my arm is b acfc from the shoulder o the w st I swear I had n thing n ui\ ba d I had no I knife ho struck mo severil times with ti» «Lip, aud I | fell ho aft» wards Btruck me with the h»vnd utfs t ih Dk ¡ lo broke the whip upon mo I never mi» d tu\ hauds | to re ist him many w»y ho then took me to the police i station put tue ICK-rons upen mu ino oh* ned me i t) an iron bedstead und hearebed mo Bretti then 1 id h Id I of the handcuffs and dnigLOJ. o o t tie door I and fastenol my hands the eba ? ws la t ned | outside, inj bodv was insido a ter I was cnained d \vn, ho stree* m° o 'ho w th a vvl io or ruler | upon the thi^h, whi e ela n duph nd<Rnd f e t 1 -ave , him no prJVO utiou after ho s ruck me a second ti no I c Ile! hirn a oward I cdlfd out ' murder an i two i otras ' men came and a ked ixe what I was ca'lug < t fo- I toi 1 . them Breen had st u 1 u e w ile I wes ha n d do vn II tLougnt he uro cnlliuir out that he w uld bav u d°iei i me I was four days and fo ir ni} htj ch lined down al togo h ' I was afterwar s reminded to Quig ng in | 0 sequen e of the n siult I do not believe I shall e e again be ablo to use mv arm Bv Mr Clarke I was firrt arres'ei nt Henderson's I hi tel i huve been in the colon j af wv ear s 1 had n been drinniug for two or three cav ,as I dare not fjr fiar of ni> head we hid j ro^eedtd about 20J vards botare the c nstkble struck ue th" knife or d. iced 1 will n t svve IT V/HS nevor my | rop'rty, ihe one 1 bad tea' din had a white handle I will not swe r 1 did not have the kn fe produced at Gunnedah staion thero aremanv like theoiepr d-iced here when I aakedfrr h^warr non tnbl»B>e n etu ed fo show it to nie 1 did n 11 J n til e th t or aav k i e out of mv po ketand siv, ' 111 give you ilii" ' io d d I stand in a fighting altitude, mv han s vieil by mj s de *hen he n ale the bl w at mv head Irai ei m> arm to ward off th bl w and feil he lumper? upon me ondiuton the . andeufis the feuille tetwi en us hsted about five i inut°s, 1 will swear it w-iH n t fifte nmrau'es e o e the ha id urn ere on Breen di J n t "o and s t undei a tr o u nting for breith, afiei be ng hunde ltled I g t up and weut tj the lockup qtietv I dd BO b e u e I ^as in pa i it net I » uld have gone quietlj I mnt turn-* l ever dtew a knife upon Mr. Carter, but I will not sweir it some \ears s nee Mr Cater arrest d me at Glent- worth. I cannot «av how m nv constables t ¡ok to take me I was in«ensio e at the ti ne was sick in ed a considerable unie afterwards I do not kno v ii I was vi lent nt the time at the time Brem a rested me and I wa» nt the lockup, I eannot tell if there were mo e than two | e sons pre ent I was sift ng, and at t mes standing while he eoarchel me Breen t Id me io take off un boot?, out I do not renumb r if I sud ' I cannot with my handcuffs on ' I look of mv hoots ani Breen examined them: upon my oath I never a attempted to strike him while he was doing so, I do not recollect a man who was with Leeson calling out "Look out Breen;" I do not recollect if he took the handcuffs off me; if he did eo it was beca i«e mv c o n w is s o len I did n t make a iu^h at onv man I coal I not I was chained close up to the bedstead n t to mv knowledg did I Ira; the beds e d to the door, 1 might have d ne *o in agonv Br^en fa t ened rae to the do r before the bine eenuin arrived when tie blacksmith enmethev laid me down flat and stapled me to the f'oor 1 never wis chained down anywhere i r bein-' lefractorv, there waa nothing the matter with mv ar i before con*tabl» Breen heit me, alt»r the W eutwor h afîmr 1 did not pe the use of mv nnn, I Wis nirested on the 2 11 of D cernbe*-, and can P to Gulgong on the Cth, I cleaned ihe cell out with one hand, I swear I did not u«e two to the best of n y b=hef I as ed constable S apleton or Forae rne else to let me se a doctor I sw ar thit after I wai handcuffed and leg-ir ned at Coolah, eonstRHt Breen s uck n e several times I du not make anv aticm t t e capp I arnved in the colouy in ih Sanh D -von from Liverp ol I hive got G F \I.E upon my right arm 1 decline to answer the que tion how many yea s I have b°en in pío1. Mr Clarhe I demand an answer The Bench were of ounien that it dil not a'fect the present case ¿ty Mr Clerke I decline to answer if I served two v ears and eiglu months m Sidney gaol for lartenv the Snrah Dixon as an emig ont ship I dfcline to answer if my ph to was taken « bile in pn«on aftT 1 e n* arrested by eonstable Breen and handcuf ed, I was not arageed ten v rds ar a unie t J the lock up, at Gulgong I sen' for the doctor, but he did not c me By Mr. Ca ter It wis after I was chaine! do*m that Constable Breen struck me with the whip or ruler Sub inspector Carter, recalled 1 arrested the conmlnin ant at Wentworth, in January, 18f3 he was very violent, and drew a knife out of his pocket I could not take hi i myself i took three or-tables and three civilians todo so hç is a v et y powerful man Mr Clarko here ask» d the Beneh if he would be allowed fo ask Mr Cuter a question relative to tho police records against the complain,Knr. Mr Carter I h ve nrnp'e rea«ens of knowme from records the e is anal um kejt of notorious enm nils the one ai Mulgeeomains a photogiaphif the c m 1 m n with th lee records of conviction the last b°ing in Wa he wBB then sentenced to twelve months un er tnename of M'Henry For the defence, Mr Clarke called Arch told H i dereon innkeeper at Coilah, who stated, Defendant wa ar esten at my pla e, and when a' out 100 yards awav I sur Breen sw ng back and try to strike his prison r upon the h ind, I do not Ino v if pri oner had nnvtnins m his hands, I was t o far oft to Fee Bre n go tho man down handcuffed him, und b> walking nni drtggn-'pot him to the lookup Bre n afterw nds be kontd me to com», and I w nt rom plamant was handcuffed anJ leg-ironed he msde m com Maiet heaskelmo for a drin1-of water and I pave it to him Bv comolamanr I did n t h=ar y u call nç f ir help whi_ X. gave vou the witter I told vou 11 hehiv« _ 0. - _."- ... .....i. J. ,.v»ei juu n uemve yourielf. By Sir. Clarke : Barrington Leeson went with me to the lockup ; it is not a lockup. 0nly a private dwelling ; there is no lockup keeper, and only one constable at Coolah ; while I was there complainant was quiet, and Breen as el me to stop while Lee-on went for the black- smith,-ni coraplaWnt wea fastened to the floor: the cotnp'a'nant stopped at my place two day-, and wh>-n arrested was uncer the in^uence of drink ; while I wis at the IrCiuptbe mai.Wft-ibiiingthe boar sin front of the door. "Wil-on Ramsay, Government Medicsl OfhVer deposed: I fir*t s iw the complainant on the 6tb, at the lockup in Guidons ; the lc-f t arm was i-o di abled that he could not takeoff in's shirt : his arm and forearm bore evidence of s> vere bru'sin", and was cn tender to tho <ouçh th it I made ro further examination ; the righ» thigh » a* extensively bruised, and there was adist.net mart; as if by a whip or ruler. By Mr. Carter : The arm was swol'en ; 1 made a second examination on the 1 ¿th in Mudgee gaol, and discovered thi fracture of a bone which is tvoken ; the examination was in coniunc i>n with Dr. Bowling ; the fracture in the skull would impiir th» memory. John Su-herlnni sworn : Complainant was drinking at Coolah, and w as nrre-ted on the 2nd ; at the lockup he said Breen had hit him with a whip ; he seemed d ut k : wo called him on the station " Gre n Ghost," that is the only name I knew him by ; Henderson. Breen, and another p iliceman were there ; complainant had . tittle soratch on his face. Robert Stapleton, locknp-keeper, said the complainant was brought to Guleone: on the 6th ; he a=ked for a doctor ; I spoke to sergeant Keenan and he applied some vinegar to tho bruifes ; while in tho lockup he cleaned out the cell using both hands. Mr. Donaldson, C.P.S., producsd the depositions taken upon the 7th (substance of which was published in the Meraki of December 14). Barr n^ton Leeson, poundkeeper, saw the arrest ; com- plainant seemed toobject to go with Breen, and put himself in a fiehtinc attitude ; defendant struck him with the whip noon t e hands or arms ; complainant tried to ruo awav, and defendant thiew him ; a'ter complainant was hand- cuffed Breen sat down under a bush out of wind : at the. lock-ip Breen told him to take oft his boots, and unfastened theright hand to let him do BO : while fin en «-no. v"Ti";.... -c-" ..^ .v«"i."»ivo^ , >, uno .unen wnstxtrmuing I the boots Connor called out look out Breon : Bierawns then stooping ; I went for the blacksmith t? come and staple him d»w-n. Charles Aselman swore most positively to the knife pio duced as beine thepio.erry of the complainant ; he had offered it to bim for In. Od. ; there ure nu mai *s up n the fcnife, b >t could swear to it. Lewis rarroni gave similar evidi-nce to rh-tt of Leeson, a fonner witness. Mi-. Clarke, in addressing ihe Bonch, went carefully through the whole of the -yidence. The members of the Bench held a sho't cmsultat'on, wh n Mr. Brown Slid the Bench hnd given the matter their careful consideration; the vase was an important one, as a certain amount of violence had beau used. The constable laboured under considerable difficulties, be ng stati ned in a lonely pait. It had been proved that the complainant bad upon a former occasion been excessively violent. Taking the whola matter into consideration, and the good characte- of the defendant, they had decided to I dismiss the information» i 