A VILLAINOUS CASK. - IticiiAicn WATSON, ¡il, ii dork ¡ii Holy Orders, who pleaded guilty nt thc hint sessions to nu indictment, ibr feloniously Bonding ii lcttor domnndiiig, with mciinccs, Ibo mini of £20(1, WIIB brought up, before Mr. Justlco Lush, on Wedncs'luy, l'or judgment. Mr. .Seymour, addressing his lordship, snid tho prisoner, who «ii-stilted to be u ch'i'gyiiiiiii of thu Church of Kuglnud, hud roccntly curried on business ns nu cc clcB¡u<<liciil ngciit under nu usstiinod linnie. In the your IS "iii he mumed the (dater of proseciitrix, wdio wns herself tho dnnghter of n country vlcnr ; mid in 18ÍM, his wife being still ulive, he seduced the prose- ciitrix, who lind ii child by him, nuil from w hom, lor ninny yours, he hud ohtnined lurge sums of money under thc thront of exposing tho shume of wdiich he himself wits the iiuther. 'Ibo motlier of thu proseen - trix died in Mureil Inst, lind she became entitled to some money, when the prisoner committed himself by wi lliup tho letter on which bc wns indicted. Tho h'tlor, which wns rend by tho learned counsel, lifter mulling moiietury clnims ngiiinst tho Indy's futhcr, which WIIB suited to have no foiiiidntion, threatened that unless willan ii week's time she prnvidoil him willi .1*200, thc whole story should be placed hcfnru bur futhcr. The loller enclosed ii oertilleulo of thc birth ol' Ibo child, milling thin most of tho people nt Craven terrace, whore the child was burn, wore ulive, mid well remembered h'r. Thc lcm ned counsel com- mented stionglv on Ibo baseness ol' tho prisoner',, con- duct mid apprehended that this WIIB not nu isolated cuso of his villuny. Kt om letters found nt thc prisoner's ellice, it wns to he loured Hint immy young women had hcentuc his victims, huguiled by promises indicated hy a form, n copy of which, in tho prisoner's hiindwriting, mid signed by suntu young wollum, wits ns follows: " I, Ktitily-, take you Wellard Marsh Watson, from this tiny forth lo bo my wedded hus- band, und I now swenr ever lo love you ns your faith- ful, devoted lind obedient wife., and to murry you so soon ns you nie free, lind enll upon me to do so ; lind in the meantime tn live solely and wholly us your true wife, und, I'nrsuking nil und every one else, tn i leiivo unto you ns long us wc both sholl live. I swenr this in the linnie of Ibo 1'nthcr, tho Son, und the Holy Ghost. Amen." Mr. Seymour commented au tho ouse in strong ternis, which, he snid to his mind, did not present n single mitigating eireumstnuce. Mr. Straight addressed Hie jury for (he defendant, explaining, he hud been for ii cnnsidcruhlo time subject to very grunt pecuniary pressure, mid it wns tinder thoso eirciimslnnccs he Wot- the letter, which wits ntterlv indefensible, mid which he now bitterly legrotted. ' Later in the day, prisoner wus called up for judg- ment. Adiliossing the Court, hu >-nitl ho hud not hud tho menus of culling witnesses us to tho stata of his health, from willoh he hud sull'i red fur ninny years, mid thnt hu hud belonged tn u fluidly, sevcrnl menthol's of whom li.nl occupied honorable positions. Ho con- cluded by expressing his regret that ho hud boon ho liiiycd into writing (hu letlor which lind boon a sith jtel of comment. Mr. Justice Lush, iidilrcssiug thc prisoner, snid, hu lind given the fullest considérât iou to the cuse, und he must suv it presented tm iiistnnec of heartless villany, snell ns wns seldom met with. He did not think ho contd give ike leust cifect to oliy excuses which hud been used either by thu prisoner himself or bis counsel. Hu hud ht en currying on lor some timo ii system of domtinilmg money by throats of ex- posure. ' lu this cuse he bud demanded £200 from ids own slstei'-in-luw, whom he hud seduced BOUIU years ugo, lind he bini Ihruntcned thnt if shu did not inocul o tlint £200 hu would make it known to her iiunily. One could hnrdly conceive, snid tho lcnrucil Judge, ii worse ense of thu kind ; mid, hiukinir ut the surrounding uirctimstuuccs, he could lint du less tliuii piiBS it senleiioeof twelve yours' penni servitude. 