ENGLISH & FOREIGN SUEZ MAIL NEWS/ "(From "th'oS.M.'Jlfrqld.)' London, May 30. I C 'TjiB'foUowinp. account of'tho sinking-of a spcond.Turkistrironclad in the . Danube is tele? graphed by- the? special, correspondent, of the Times 'at* _ Bnckharest" Oiio of tho most dating deeds over' recorded' in, tho history of warfare was performed on tho Lower Danubo, : near Ibrailaj on Saturday morning, May, 26. A'BmaU'dctachineht of.Russian soldiers, com manded ^byTLieuteri:u}t Dubaschiff, accom panied' by the commander of the Romanian flotilla,TiMajor Murgesen, . left-tho' northern shore ;of ;.tbdDanube in a number of small boats, and proceeded towards tho point Petra Fetei.bolow Machin, and opposite Ibraija, at which; point : there was stationed a large Turkish'monitor.' The night was very, dark, and' they managed: to surround the monitor* before being discovered by the Turkish sentries ; on hoard.' They were, challenged,' and *who goes there* rang out on tho night air.. Major Murgesen replied in ; Turkish,friends.' The Turks', ;'eviden tly not satisfied,' commenced firingin the direction of Matching not know ing;'where these boats were. During the firing,;several of tlio Russian soldiers, under the. direction 'of Lieutenant Dubaschiff,'" plunged into the water,' swam silently to the hull of the ironclad vessel, and placed the deadly torpedo in close contact with the bottom of tbeinbnitor. After the destructive*;machihe had been se curely: fastened, and the wire. of. an electric battery had been accurately adjusted, the men retired to the neighbouring shore of the river, &hd;!at;half-past 3 in the morning tho monitor was hlown into the air,; with all the officers and crew." 'The explosion was terrific, and, as nothing is said of tlie crew being saved, it is • supposed that all ion' hbard perished with' the . vessel.;;'The cool determination ;with which this fearful enterprise was successfully carried out speaks for itself.' The fate ■ of the second Turkish monitor already sent to. the bottom-.,of tho :Da«ubo'with all on, board,, shows * how futile is the,'expectation':' that gunboats can maintain:.tho mastery'of a river" linedJwith. hostile batteries, filled, with enemies^as 'resolute as the men whose deeds are recorded above. The name of the monitor destroyed was tho Dar Matrin.". ^Captain Hume,' late ini command of the Im mortalite, of the detached squadron,' .has been dismissed''the..service by'n sentence of court martial, for conduct unbecoming an officer and gentleman..'.; . • V> •• 'H:M.S; Pearl reached Spithead ontho 16th. May; "\'Y. ' /'.'/'V..//'/..V /Tho* Duke of Cambridge reviewed'' 14,000 men ' at.rAldershot .on the 27th May. .There were, in addition, 2,000 Horaesl and 46 guns on the ground. .'' TheM4rwjy and Navy t Gazette Btatesthnt, in case a cavalry corps is sent abroad,. the House hold Brigade will form a part of it.' Her'Majesty, . it. is reported, has purchased the exterisivo forest^of Ballackbyno, adjoining Balmoral, from Colonel Farquhorson,o£ Inver canld. ( It possesses the largest area of natural grown Scotch firs in Scotland, the size,.beauty, and symmetry of the trees being unequalled. Lord Cairns has introduced ft Bar Education and Discipline Bill into the Houso of Lords, providing for the establishment of a council of thirty,'to be appointed by rthe -four Inns of Court; - and • six by the Government. The council is to have, jurisdiction over barristers, with power to. disbench or disbar, subject to appeal to the Supreme Court Judicial Com mittee. ./ •. " • • Anthony Trollopo is.goiog to the Cape fit the" end of Juno. Ho-will remain there-six montbB, prior to writing a book on the conntry. In consequence of the English Press, Con servative, Liberal;.and Radical; -with singular unanimity condemning tho action of Marshal MacMahon in dismissing M. Simon, papers have been.: subjected to a censorship on entering Franco, and; they aro delayed several hours. Ithas been stated- that Mnrshal MacMahon intends resigning if another Republican Assem bly is oleotcd. . t . The Turkish Parliament is exhibiting con siderable dissatisfaction at. tho. conduct of the war./On tho 22nd, tho Chambor of Deputies voted tho impeachment of tho luto Yizier, Mahmond Pasha. A." gross .'act of treachery on tho part of Russia was noticed by tho Berlin correspondent of the 7*i»M«. A man named Krysiuski, a lender in the Polish insurrection of 1863, wlioescaped, applied for leave to roturn. In answer, ho was invited to oomoback. On doing so, ho was tried'nnd sontenccd to banishment in Siberia. Ho made his oscapo, was caught, and tried a second timo and shot. Deports havo • been received of a conspiracy having been discovered among tho Circassians in tho.Russian army. Several officers havo boeh unmercifully shot. ; In the firing between . Kalafat and Widdinj the Standard, correspondent of tho latter place states that tho Roumanian guns were directed against tho military hospital at Widdin, whioh was flying tho red cross. Several of tho Invalids were killed, and others wero wounded. Lieutenant-Gcncral Sir CollingwoodDickson, E.A:; K.O.B.,v has been appointed military advisor to Mr, Layard at Constantinople, : Colouelv.PoTtGr,,-R.E., j haa been Bent:to Ears oil a special mission,' to report on the war: -in AsiaM'mor. - -r •- - j A . largo number, of gentlemen who have served in tho British army.are about'entering: tho Turkish army, and it is thought that they will make their presence felt, a» did their pre decessors in 1844 and 1845. The Russian and Austrian Emperors are to have nn.interviow at HermanBtadt. . The date of tho doparturo of tho Czar from Buckharest is purposely not made known. The frequent accidents on the Roumanian railways has given: rise to a few that a conspiracy to cauBe his death is afloat. • •• • ■■• . The natives of Abkasia as ': well as the j Circassians ate, it is stated, now in full in I surrection.'- -: | •.•The Sultan has ordered 20,000 revolvers to | be purchased out of Mb private purse, and dis- ; tributed among the insurgents. - 1 I .The .son of Scbamyl, Mcsmcd-Pasha,-has I gone to join the, revolted Circassians, and it is I announced from St. Petersburg that the other 1 son of Sohatnyl, who. is • established- there and . holds rank in. the Russian army, has gone to ' the Caucasus, no doubt to'use his influence, or rather rthe • weight of • his name,. with the , mountaineers. . i The.race between Boyd:and Higginswas | rowed in tempests of wind and rain, and the ; river was lashed into, angry roar. As Boyd was known to be suffering from- an attack of boils, the betting was strongly .in favour of Higgine. " A- clear lead of two. lengths was gained at the start by Boyd, who from that moment held the race secure, Higgins not hav ing a ghost of achance against him. Altogether • it was a hollow affair. Tho Daily Telegraph com menting on the race says thero was aspaceof at least 200 yards between the men as Boyd went under Barnes' Bridge.; and that he could have won by a quarter of ainile is undeniable had he not judiciously slackened his pace ; as it was Higgihs, who showed an utter inability to contend with rough water, was about 20 lengths behind at the finiah. Boyd won in 28. minutes 24 seconds,' by 'Benson's chronometer watch. "With the stakes of £400 and the sculler's championship, Boyd also took as a' challenge trophy, the handsome cup given by the proprietors. of a Newcastle paper. It is very likely that Boyd: or Blackman will go to: Australia and there compete with Trickett, wholast June easily defeated Joseph Sadler for the Thames championship, but declined, before leaving England, to row with Higgihs.• Paris, June .8.. V The President of the Paris Municipal Coun cil has been sentenced to fifteen months! im-' prisonment for attacking Marshal MacMahon in a speech. " - London,. June 10. : .A^Tuvkish ironclad -has been attacked by Russian torpodo boats,' at Sulina, without sus taining any damage, two of - the boats having sunk, :and three explodedharmlesaly-/•: ; -la theHouse of • Lords, Lord*Motley pro posed tho appoinlmeht of a British Consul, to be stationed somewhere in. Central Asia, to watch the interests of India. LordSalisbury, in: replying, said there -was no occasion for alarm because of the proximity of the Russians *to our • Indian boundaries, and observed that the Government was already aware of the desirableness of having a Consulate in Central Asia.-. - > . • The statement that dissension exists'in the English Cabinet is untrue.. • . Constantinople-, June 13. Dervish Pasha has been appointed to be Go vernor^ lOirs* and Muatapha Pasha to be Commander of Batoura. : .The Porte has ordered the Governor of Crete to send Mussulman and Christian delegates to Constantinople to explain the demands of the .Cretans... ... •; ••;. , After. a battle between the. Turkish; force under Suleiman Pasha and the Montenegrins, which lasted continuously four or five hoars, the latter withdrew to Banjout; both sides suffered very heavy losses. . Prince Nicholis of Montonegro has estab lished his headquarters at Ostrig. London, June 14.' Advices from St. Petersburg state that a Russian- expeditionary force is marching against the Turcomans from Eras Boondso, and that the Turcomans, having already been attacked and completely 'defeated . by the Russians, are migrating to Meme. The Turkish papers at Constantinople, cam menting on the peace rumours, are opposed to peace. OniTUABY.—-The Queen of Netherlands, aged 59; Marshal Cabzera', 67; the Earl of Shrews bury, 4 6; the Earl of Orkney, 74; Lord Erskino, 75; the Dowager Marchioness of Lothian; Mr Thomas Arnold, Metropolitan Police Ma gistrate, 74; Dr. Horatio Powys, lato Bishop pf Sodor and Man; Mr. "Weekes, R.A., 70; Sir J. S. Cowell Stepney, Bart.; M. Ernest Picard, French senator; Sir J. P. Kay- Shuttle worth, Bart., 73; Mr. David TJrquhart, 72; tho Rev. G. Perks, ex- President of tho "NVeslcyan Conference, 67; Admiral Sir Stephen Lushing ton; Bart, 73; General Sir Watkin Williams, 77; Sir Henry Pelly, Bart.,M.P., 33; Mr.W. E Frost, R. A., 66. The Grand Duko of Hesse, Mr.' Justioo Mellish, arid Miss Maty Carpenter. . Expouts yob thb Mostu.—The following are tho month's exportsTo Sydney, £•180,100; Melbourne, £604,500; Queensland, £07,200; Adelaide, £207,200 ; Now Zealand, £282,800. 