CHRISTMAS GREETIKGS. As each Christmas comes round v/e grow more perplexed as to which class of sym* pathies we ought to appeal. This per plexity arises from the fulness rather than from any dearth of materials, The ideas suggested by the periodical recurrence of Christmas are so manifold and so various that it would take some time to enumerate them. There is the minority of modern Saddncet'Ft who are ready to ask with the cynic in Dickens's Christmas story — what is the twenty-fifth of December to me? However we may account for the feeling, most of us do feel that the twenty-fifth of December is not altogether as other days. The primary suggestion to the Catholic is Feast of the ISTativifcy, and endless are the dogmas, lessons, traditions, and thoughts recalled by the very name. The unso phisticated taste of childhood welcomes a feast of a more material kind, and discerns a superlative flavour and indescribable satisfaction in goose and plum-pudding. To our school boys the season brings holi days and a return home, which, in spite of the sultry heat, tbe spirit of boyhood manager to make enjoyable. For us older ones who, alas ! are neither children nor boys, a less grateful incident connects the season with the delivery of our yearly bills, which hang like the sword of Damocles over the head of many a poor wretch. But there is one speciality of the season more characteristic even than the consumption of plum-pudding, or tbe hunting of kan garoo?, or the pressure of small creditors, and that is the greetings which everybody bestows on everybody at Christmas. There are many ways of conveying kind wishes, substantial and unsubstantial. We are not going to speak here of such concrete embodiments of benevolent aspirations as are snipped i'-'ora the branches of a Christmas tree, or planted by S. Klaus in the folds of n stocking. JNobody will dispute the vauiu of such a wish as this, especially when it is the father, not of a thought, but ol .. ?? -'1, or even of a silver fork and spoon. Bui j there are various methods of expressing one's kind wishes, apart from these material guarantees of sincerity. It is hopeless in this distant land to expect the traditional modes of congratulation which we remember in the old country. The difference of climate, the sparseness of population, the newness of our institutions, all forbid such a hope. There is no holly berry to compete for freshness with our sweetheart's cheeks, and our Christmas bush is but a sorry substitute for the mistletoe beneath which we were wont to kiss them. Pei'haps our Australian greetings are not the less genuine from their wanting that demonstrative effusion which our readers remember so well in their young days. We are not aware that the overhanging mistletoe imparts any pTv''oular iervour to the kiss ; and we see (.u reason why old chums should not pledge each others' healths in a friendly nobbier as well as in hot punch. After all, it is the sincerity of heart and not the mode of demonstration that is of consequence. Mere good wishes avail us little to reatore a friend or to cheer a saddened heart, as it avails a starving beggar to say — ' Depart, be thou warmed and filled.' And who will say that even here there is no need of so cheap a thing as sympathy 1 The dis tinction between rich and poor is not known here as it is known and felt in the old country, but yet there are distinctions which afford scop8 for a kind heart. Our society may be roughly divided into the prosperous and the unfortunate classes — those whose life on the whole has been a success, and those whose life has been a failure. Now Christmas cannot but have a peculiar significance for both classes of persons. It is something like the sensa tion of passing a milestone, which is plea sant or the reverse according to the satis faction one is able to take in looking back upon the earlier stages of the journey. Children enjoy Ohrintmas for they have no regrets in the past, and the ' long, long thoughts of boyhood' paint a rose-coloured future radiant with un chequered hopes. And to prosperous men in later life — the merchant who has weathered his difficulties, the squatter whose flocks and herds have multiplied, the lawyer who has floundered to the shore and is now briefed to his fill by those who would not lend a hand when he needed it — to such men, each new Christmas is an agreeable souvenir of past successes, and an augury of greater results to be realised in years to come. To such as these kind wishes come natural enough. But to those whose memory is darkened either by the faults or the misfortunes of their previous career and who have little to look to in the future, it is not altogether pleasant to be reminded that another year is to be taken from the sum of life, and that they are nearer the end without being nearer the attainment of any definite aim. in their ears Christmas greetings sound like another toll of the knell. They force them to remember what they would forget if they could. Quisque suos patimur manes. To a man whose life has proved a failure, Christmas greetings serve only to recall the ghosts of shattered hopes and departed joys. His wishes are rudely summed up in the old nursery lines I wish, Doid Dick, bat wisbing'a vainP I bad my pudding back again. But, having long left the nursery, he is painfully conscious that the cake which has once been eaten cannot be eaten again. He retires a sadder instead of a more joyous man at heart. He compares the kind wishes which are ringing in his ears with his sober chances in the race of life, and he is appalled at the contrast. If men only knew how much sickness at heart may exist beneath a smooth exterior, they would nob be so lavish with the Christmas greetings. We are quite aware that all this sounds very like a cynical comment on the ma terial comforts of the season, and it may be objected that after all we have come round to the very view propounded by Dickens's cynic. We are not speaking, however, of the goose and plum-pudding of the season, against which there is not a word to be said so long as a due regard is maintained for the limited range of our digestive functions. Neither are we dis (.-??ssing the religious aspect of the Feast, which is quite beyond our scope. Our sole concern is with the Greetings and kind wishes which seem to be inseparable from tbe observance of Christmas. In a very large number of instances there does seem ground for suspecting that they are a mockery. But from this it does not follow univers-ally that the custom is bad, or ought to be dropped. Because some poor creatures are disappointechilnaont to dispair is no reason why our hopes for others should be eternally locked up within our own bosoms. If words can mend none of the eggs that are broken, at any rate they break no bones. And after all there is a sort of pleasure — grim or otherwise as the case may be — in listening to a kind wish which we know is heartfelt. 