"WAGGA' WAGGA* THE frosts, which had been tilling the minds of a good manv with fear for the future, broke up in Uta middle of the week before last, and a change set iii for rain with that, mild temperature designated nt this time of the year as mee growing weather. The quantity of rainfall that followed was not very great, us wo had but a few light showers in tho latter part of the week. lu the week now pr.st with its new moon the weather has been uniformly dry, with a moderate warmth in the sun. Yesterday "was decidedly a genuine spring dov, with bright sunshine, the alty without a cloud, nuil most refreshing breezes blowing till day long. Judging from present indications I fear that wo are ! not likely to have any more iain for n time. The Murrumbidgee continues very low - is, in fact, lower at this time than it has been for the correspond- ing seasons of past years. As a consequence, and a very important consequence for us, the river trade is held completely in check. As yet we have had none of the cargo steamers up. The Enterprise, the Government snagging steamer, of very light draught, came up in the early part of last week, after having been stuck fast for some days a short distance down. The Corrong left Hay with a full cargo a fortnight back, but was unable to get along, as she was aground the other side of Narrandera, and cannot get up until we have a rise in the river. With this state of things, we have a produce market but ill supplied, and the prices ruling are high, and promise to be higher. Oats are bringing here 7s. per bushel, with low stocks: maize, 8s. 6d. per bushel; flour, £20 per ton; whilst the housekeeping purse is sorely tried in the high prices of many articles, potatoes at 15s. per cwt., butter, salted keg only to be had, 2s. 6d. per lb.; fresh butter and eggs being veritable memories of the past. I do not think we are likely to see much change in dairy produce this year. The prospect of grass is not sufficient to lead us to hope for much reduction, and the severe losses of dairy stock amongst the small settlers have dried up to a great extent the local sources of our supplies, so that we shall be dependent upon distant pastures, with the attendant evil of costly carriage. The business or the stock market has not been very brisk, owing to thc general scarcity of all classes of stock. With the heavy losses of the past season in sheep there are of course large demands for re- stocking, the more so ns the lambing returns thi3 season may he ni most localities set down as almost nil. But no very large quantities of sheep are offer- ing in any of the important stock centres, and hence we findthnt business in the country markets is every- where very slow. The probabilities are that a great many runs will have some chance of n recovery now from the evil effects of successive years of overstock- ing, and that tlie grazing prospects of twelve months henee will be ven- much changed for the better. Despite; he great demand for sheep, the pastoralists of this district are in no wise charmed by the picture of advantages to be gained, drawn by those of their Victorian brothers, who-were agitating some tfuie ba'ck for the removal of the quarantine restrictions between tho two colonies. The fecíiug given expression to. nt the meeting of sheep owners iii the Albury district ' reported by your correspondent, is similnf tb that which exists here. Judging by the general opinion of the large number of "pastoralists who visit Wagga, the Albury fiockmastcrs may be taken as the representatives' of lUvcrina ideas on this matter. Fat stock movements are few. Cattle difficult to get hold of, sheep still more so. Prices are high, arti meat, in spite of tho keenest competition amongst the butchers, is very dear. Some moderate-weight bullocks, say about 700 lbs., were sold last week :» nn average of £S 10s., and some other lots are offering from .CS 10?. to £10 10s. Fat sheep are quoted up to 12s. 6d. ! but ns our butchers do not appear to have been able to obtain supplies I suppose this quotation is merely nominal. Thc- list of ele::torat?s under tlie new Electoral Act has gone the rounds of criticism amongst us, and thc committee appointed at a public meeting some time back, at which a petition for a member for the borough of Wagga Wagga was adopted, have taken cognizance of tho matter. For some reason or other, those of the Wagga electors who take any interest in public mat- ters were tolerably sanguine that the prayer of tilt petition would have great weight with Sir Henry Parkes, and the promotion of the borough to thc dignity of an electorate was looked upon as almost n certainty. That it is omitted from the list is n disap- pointment, though the division of thc Murrumbidgee into three electorates be ever so great a concession, The committee held a meeting on Friday last, presided over by the Mayor, tit which n leitet was read from Mr. Leary, announcing the fact that the Premier had not seen fit to make provision for r member for Wagga. After some discussion it wa; agreed to adjourn the meeting, ns it was not considered well to take auy further steps in the matter until tin boundaries of tlie new electorates were obtainable I note that the cry as to tho desirability of getting local men as representatives is being revived, and it i; urged ail naiiscum that those with a money stake in thc district would do more towards its improvement, bj obtaining aid from the public puise. The likely mei no one attempts yet to jinnie, and, if tin truth . may be told, when the matter is considered at nil, tho confession is invariably forced that we have no men in this district of suincienl ability who huve the means or the inclination to spenc so Inigo a part oí their time in Sydney as the Par- liamentary work of the present day demands. Tho reply of the Colonial Secretary to the appli- cation for a grant for the waterworks'" scheme of tht Municipal Council, has been received. It means thal Government will help those who help themselves in other, words, for every £2 subscribed by tht Wagga people for the proposed works, £1 will bi placed on the Estimates. If by subscrip'iot we are to understand what is vulgarly known as sending round the hat, a mai ifeod not be very much of a prophet t; relegate our waterworks to an indefinite future. It i; to be hoped, however, that with this aid offered, one the smaller sum necessary, the objection of tin majority of our aldermen to borrow money will givi way for this work, of which we are in such absoluti need. The request for the services of Mr. Clark, tilt hydraulic engineer, has been, as I predicted it would refused. A new idea in our town improvement has beer started by the Mayor in the introduction of theta pavements. Mr. Hodson lins had the frontage o some shops, his property, laid doini with thl mnterial, and a number of other property holders ar about to follow his example. In appearance the nev pavement will be immeasurably superior to the glarint hot-looking red brick, the material upon which we hov hitherto relied for this class of work. The appointment of Mr. Scarr ns hnndicapperto th Murrumbidgee Turf Club was decided on on Monda; last, and will no doubt give satisfaction, as his hnndi caps for last year met with pretty general approval. An inquest was hold on Friday, on the body of man named William Fiskin, in which the evils o excessive indulgence in drinking colonial wine wa forcibly illustrated. From the evidence it uppear that deceased called nt the house of Steiner, n vine yard keeper, near Wagga, on the 1st instant, bearim the appearance of a mau suffering from the effects o a heavy drinking bout. He remained for n few day indulging more or less in colonial wine, and then wa seized with tits, on which he was taken t tlie hospital. There he was seen by Dr. Wre: on his admission on the 10th. "The docto found him in " a fearful stato of prostration" nm could not get any information from him beyond th fact that ho had been drinking a great quantity o colonial wine, mid on the following day he died. Di Wren made a post-mortem examination, and gav positive evidence that death resulted from excess'iv drinking, and that of a recent date. A pigeon match, for £25 n side, took pince ol Thursday last, about which there was mare than th average interest. The competitors were Mr. A M'Entyre, of Oura, and Mr. E. Stcdworthv, Mi M'Entyre -winning by two birds, the nuhiber c pigeons fired nt being twenty-five for each. In the matter of amusements wo have not had muc to talk of of late. An announcement that Mr. Levj the celebrated cornet player, with a concert coinpauj will visit us for three nights, on the 26th instant, lui therefore been received with much satisfaction by th niusic-loviug portion of tho community. The coiupan includes Mrs. Smythe, Mv. Vernon'Heid, Mis3 Si Clair, and Mr. F. llaihford. The Postal lleform Committee have again addresse the Postmaster-Geriernl, urging upon him the neues sity of a muil to Hay three times a week, and I believ memorials, are being forwarded from Hay an Narrandera for the same object. We are looking forward with considerable ínteres to the probable result of Mr. Leary's efforts to get th Government to purchase the bridge. Beyond a doul it is time the keystone was pulled "out of thi monopoly. Its pressure "on tlie wealthy owner c buggy or carriage is hard enough in the extraordi nary heavy tolls, but to."the poor selector who trades with.the town the tolls are a frightful tax, and the bridge during the past hard times has been more than ever to them a "bridge of sighs." If Mr. Leary v succeeds in his good work, you may take my word fi»',, it that ' not even the much-coveted coming local mani will have a ghost of a chance against him in the ne»» electorate ot Clarendon. '?".''!. The stock sales for the past week have been with- out any importance, no large sales having been reported. The Land Office business of Thursday shows ; con- ditional purchases of 355 acres in four selections. At a Crown lands sale held on Thursday, 2104 acres were sold to various bùvers. Shearing operations tlü.9 voar will not only be on a scale considerably reduced by the decrease in stock, but-will be commenced nt ti very much later period than U3U"tl on a great number of stations. From, Coree, Wunnamurra, Moonbria, Widgiewa, Coonong Bundure, and Boonoke, the announcement cotne3 that work will not be commenced till September, and the stations in this neighbourhood will also be over a month later than their usual time for commsncicuz work. July 10. .. 