SHIPPING. LoNDoN. August 2L. Arrived : Santiago. Gambetta is to.be: prosecuted for a speech histile to the Government. A remarkable example of rapidity in deep boring has recently been furnished by the first bore hole put down by the company formed for search of coal in Swi'zerland. A dep h of 1,422ft.was reachediii.two months,. including the re:boring of the upper 640ft. from 3min. to 7in. in diameter. The work was done including all delays, at a rate of over 1.000ft. per-ifonth, the highest speed being 77ft. in 24 hours. The results ob tained were negative, the section showing about 1,200ft of Permian Strata resting upon old crystalline rocks, but the trial is only the first of a series, A substitute for gunpowder, invented in England, is called " powder paper;" it is paper'impregnated with a mixture of pot assic chlorate, nitrate, prussiate and chro mate, piwdordr' 9wood charcoil, and a little starch. , It leaves no greasy residue on th' gun,;.produces less smoke and less zecoil, and is less impaired by humidity, and it is fi-6the etronger than gunpowdet. • Professor Holloway has commenced build ing a college for women 'of the upper and middle classes. The building is estimated to cost £250,000, and the professor will en dow it with £100,000. It is stated that he has also erected, at a cost of £180,000, a sanatorium for the cure of mental disorders The two establishments are near Egham and Virginia Water, about 18 miles from London. Thecurriculumn of the college will be somewhat similar to that of Oxford and Cambridge, and the Professor will provide for the foundation of twenty scholarships of £40 each. The reason assigned for the munificence is " to make some acknowledg. ment to the public for the means which, through them, I possess." A man named Joseph M'Lean, fifty-two years of age, was Thursday arrested by De tective Mahony on a charge of having stolen the sum of £45 from Mr. Joseph Webster, merchant, of Queen-street. The prisoner had been engaged for the past four or five years as a clerk in Mr. Webster's establish ment and- it is alleged that he has embezzled I moneys belonging to his employer to the extent of about £250, although at present he is only charged with the amount of £45. M'Lean had been convicted previously, and undergone a sentence of a twelve months' imprisonment for a similar offence. 'The Chinese camp on Friday night (says the Ballarat Star) resembled a vast beehive more than anything else, for it was crowded from dusk until dawn by larrikins. Chinese, and seight-seers--male and female. The annual ceremony of providing food, raiment and firing for those Chinese who have died by violence or accident was performed, a priest coming from Dunolly to officiate. About £30 was collected to pay ex penses, and was laid out in firewood, food, and paper patterns of elothing. At dusk a large fire was lit in the open air, and tom-tome, kettledrums, and reed pipes used, to produce on ear-splitting chorus,. This music, unearthly, though not very spiritual. was kept up until midnight, to attract the attention of the spirits for whose benefit the good things were pro vided. Spirit etiquette seems to be the same all the world over, and it is not " the thing " for even Chinese ghosts to walk be fore midnight. At that witching hour gin and wine were spilt upon the earth, and' dishes, whereinrice, fruit, fowls, vegetables and pudding formed an olla yodrida, were placed round the fire. When the spirits were supposed to have eaten enough to last them for another twelvemonth, and warmed themselves thoroughly, the paper clothes were burnt, amid many quaint ceremonies. The astronomical correspondent of the I Ballarat Courier writes:.--' All the planets known to the ancients are now visible in the evening sky. Mercury may be easily seen in the west immediately after sunset,. about 4deg. from Yenus. Jupiter passes the meridian about 7 p.m.; at the same time the fiery Mars and pale-looking Saturn may be seen rising above the eastern horizon. The crescent form of Mercury's disc will be an interesting telescopic object from the let to the 10th day of September. Venus will be an evening star till the end of the year. Mars is in a good position for observing the, dark portion of its surface. The rings of Saturn are opening slowly; the present elevation of the earth above the plane of therings is about 2dog. The even ing sky at this part of the year bristles with interesting objects for the telescopist." Two young gaol-birds, named Thomas Prendergast and Thomas Burn were caught in the act of throwing tobacco and writing piper, addressed to well-known gaol pri soners, over the gaol wall on. Friday night. The document found in the bundle carried by the prisoners clearly showed their inten tion. They were brought before the City Court on Saturday, and sent to gaol for three months. It has been represented to the com missioners for Victoria at the Paris exhi bition that many intending exhibitors, who have no representatives in the French metropolis, have agents in London. It has, therefore, been determined to send from Paris to London, after the close of the exhi bition in the former city, at the cost and risk of their respective owners, all the exhibits which thecommissioners have been requested to so forward. An inquest was held by the city coroner on Thursday, at the Melbourne Hospital upon the body of a man named William \- Mould, who was taken suddenly ill on the previous day, and died a few minutes after wards. The evidence showed that deceased was forty-seven years of age, and a cook in the employ of Samuel Payne, a boot-maker at Emerald Hill. ~hiilst at dinner, he got up, went outside, and commenced to vomit. lie called for a glass of water, and sank into a chair, and died almost immediately. Dr. Heffernan deposed to the deceased being brought to the Melbourne Hospital dead From the result of a post-mortemn examination \- made on the body, he was of opiniun that death was attributed to hemorrhage of the right lung during the progress of tubercular consumption. A verdict in accordance was returned by the jury. ' S Mr. Lalor was asked, on Wednesday, by a deputation from Drysdale, for an extension of the jetty there, and the erection ofea orane thereon. .The usual favorable consideration was promisdd, when the request was sub mitted in writing. 