Parliamentary Paraphrases, Aftkii the bloodless victory achieved by the (ioveninicnt with respect to tlieir dilapi dated railway policy, they thirsted for fresh worlds to conquer, anil undertook to carry their triumphs into the region of Supply. Accordingly the Colonial Treasurer moved the House into committee, nnd relinquished the cuuimaud to the Colonial Secretary, who .iskod for £jT-() for the Central Board of Health, a hygienic myth wliich periodically | exerts itself to draw out systems of longevity for tho citizens of Brisbane, aud guinea fees from the Treasury. The Board, I believe, owes its existence to a popular idea that it will some day discover the elixir of life; but, as yet, no one has observed that any remarkable diminution in the tables of mortality h is followed its creation, aud it might be advisable to expend the money next year in Parrs Life Pills or something of that sort. Ifr. Walsh did not hit upon that idea on this occasion, but he required information as to who are the oflioi.il members of the I5oaid;tn whom fees arc paid ; and Mr. Miles, coinplyiii::. mentioned the lions. Drs. Hobbs and O'Uoherty and Captain Simpson, all members of the Legislative Council. M r. Morcliead, with the brand of Cain on Iiis brow iu consequence of tke gunpowder plot lie had laid against harmless and in offensive infants, thought it slightly absurd that the Upper House should have to con sider votes which comprise amounts payable to members of that House ; and the Colonial Secretary said it was all Mr. Palmer's lining that there ever was such a Board. This Mr. Palmer did not deny in Into, but, I instead, carried the lire and sword into the enemy's country by asking how often the Colonial Secretary, as chairman ex-olBcio of the Hoard, had attended its meetings, seeing that he did not know tho names of the members. Tho chairman cx-oflicio appeared ton much surprised ou hearing of ms pre viously unknown dignity to respond ; or he would probably have rejoined that he had more important occupation for his time thnu worryiiiu about drains and diseases, especially as ex-olficio carried no guineas with it. I Messrs. Morebeid, IVazir, and Groom, j however, joined in denouncing the practice of Ifgielaturii accepting pecuniary advantages | from the public purse, and Mr. Walsh piled ou the agony by instancing the Waterworks board as furuis!iiii-; other caeos in point, as there were actually two members of the Upper House, each receiving fifty-two guiucas a year from that source. Mr. Thorn thought it was nil right because these two members had been 011 the hoard before they were elevated to the other chamber ; but Mr. Morchead tried to get the Minister for Works to comprehend that there was a principle involved, and called on the Premier for liis opinitjii, and, as might have been uKpcctcd, got an immense dual of cxplicituess fiir his pains. Nobody, however, seemed to have the courage to bring forward a distinct; ?notion on the subject. The Premier inti mated that somebody or other should do so, aud Mr. Morchead— recking with the Mood ? of slaughtered infants —trusted that a Government would some day be found, firm enough to deal with tho subject. 80 between these two stools the hon. members of the Council iu receipt of fees, reversing the old proverb, kept their double positions very comfortably. This discussion, however, about satisfied the Ministerial longings for conquest, so far as one night was concerned, ami, on tho vote being passed, the House was dismissed to balmy slumber. 1 sometimes feel a pang of sorrow that it ie not' muiilmly slumber they arc relegated to. Ou Wednesday, tho first business was con sideration in comtnittco of the Real Property Dill, over which the lawyers in the Houso held a sort of witches' Sabbath, which, no, lay man could hear repeated and live. Kudless amendments of a briinstony aud sulphurous nature, and closely resembling the Lord's Pr.iycr said backwards, were proposed, growled and snarled over, nnd adopted ; and after these unholy rites tho House again went in for supply, and by tbc irony of fate it fell to Mr. Miles1 hard lot to propose sundry in creases iu the Government store offices. The Opposition members, of course, fell upon the quondam economist and critic, tooth and nail. The devouriag appetite for information wajcli assailed Messrs. Stevenson nud John Scott was Bometuing ap.p.-illiiig. Mr. Miles, how ever, gat along protty fairly by showing that ho was only mending some -patches put on by his predecessor, and this brought up Mr, Stewart to look after his reputation, and to be snubbed by Mr. Morehead for l-erststen]t ' stop-f&Uioriug;' of Mr, Miles. Mr. More bond appeared to regard the fact that Mr. Stuwort woe ouce the Colonial Secretary as' au unhappy raomory of the past which Should not bo rc-oallcd, aud lectured Mr. Stewart upon his spectral habit of reBusoitating the ghost of lui buried dignity. Betwpen. them all the clerk in charge of tho colonial :*Wre* scorned about to fare hardly, attdMf. Steven ton; had .-actually jnoyoA a reduction 4a. the* ' vole for' his salary, when Mr. Palmer suddenly threw aside his weapon of offenoe and strool up hu fcUower'a lowed sgoar in ottat fc- &- ? ? .'14 -M he well knows hpav-tbe , nundeoTW thing, or rather, to-jsee fair ,play, fie said that Mr. HaswU'&pTrfV;^omSS position, and one which exposed him , to -- t temputions He (Mr. ^m^qe^SiS J^ Mr. Hossell had been fomntediand had jww the straight thing by 'efastugwnymiilqnit -- offered on any furouases made, on Jjeha&flt; Goverumeut. Sp-4napg it— if tb,o Ooftjial / Secretary would' brinft .forward the, increase in the proper way, he itrquld fitgjpcrji ,l£ j / - ; - r and M r. ?^Ster Seo^^aS^S^m! K directed the Bttiutwn W the jfrBsHpttie congenial and touching theme of— — W*ok- fellows' blankets. I Mr. Scott's anxiety was to ascertain the moral principle upon wbicb' / these blankets were dietributedana.by whom, because at Nanaugo boiuo .200 or 300ibl«3S ;? r cuugregated and ' remained tor several week* wailing for blankets, and only fifty Were , sent up after all. These were given to the . ugliest gins, and all the other aboriginals .Dad ? to depart without anything to accommodate their fleas. As an instance of the fotgiviwt nature of the noble savage, Mr. Gcott men tioned that the defrauded and uub]*,t)ksttod j ? majority, on being requested tooontrjbnte three diners to Her Majesty's stock, of that commodity, did not pause ,to calculate inji : ? number of cheers properly interchanjaabU 1 for blauket, but made the heart of our gracious monarch rejoice by bestowing, on / 1 her the full quantity of huzzas which aro , , her royal due. ...,.,; !.. nr Lcctl'rp.._E. MarUy, Esq , delivered ttoe ' fourth of the D. D. Caledonian Society's winter course of lectures to a very good, and attentive audience in the School of Arts on Thursday evening. W. Graham, Esq., M.L.A., president of the Society, occupied ' the chair, and in a few well chosen and suit able remarks introduced the lecturer. The subject was ' Past and Present, scientifically treated, with musical and other illustrations.' Tho lecturer commenced by referring to the good resulting from the adaptation of science to the requirements of domestic Ufa. . Tha age we live in he characterised as the most marvellous yet known ; things that, bnt a century ago, were considered visionary and impracticable now being accepted with re spect. The English nation at that time was slow iu its locomotion, and limited in its education ; now they were the most highly civilized people in the world, with a great maritime power created by them, and the science of healing and manufacture brought almost to perfection. The press was now the advocate of the people's righta and liberties, Kings and Governments dreaded its power and employed its influence, and it was an established instrument of mercantile business and progress. The lecturer related some very amusing anecdotes of press life and work, and passed on to the consideration of vivisection, characterizing its practice as taking an cxtrcnicpartsiUBciantificwork, and recited very pathetically an anonymous pieoe of poetry on the subject, lie then referred amusingly to childhood's days, illustrating its troubles iu song, and continued in the same strain — not song— ou female attire. The lecturer theu drew, while referring to the present European war, a very graphic picture of the misery and desolation atten dant upon war. He gave a possible and hypothetical account of the probable report that would ba sent to the War Office when, torpedoes came into general use for warfare, which created much merriment amongst bis hearers. 'J'he next thing discussed was tho obstructive proclivity so prominent in some gentlemen -Mitchell Henry and Dr. Kcnealy being adduced as illustrations. The recent iuterest of the Pyramid was laughably increased. Some, wheu an inch was given, said the lecturer, would take au ell, but a great many ells hod been taken from the pyramid inch. The lecturer, in. conclusion, said ttiat wheu they were disposed to glorify aud congratulate themselves on their present position, they Bhould never for get the debt they owed to past exertions and sacrifices. The lecture all through was very entertaining, aud excited the risible faculties of the audience for nearly two hoars. In tha musical illustrations Mr. Marlay wasably and effectively assisted by Mrs. Sabiae, who per formed tbc duties of pianiste. The customary votes of thanks were passed, aud Mr. Marlay, in replying, said he had only to be asked if at any time he could assist them, and as long as lie was able they would always find him wil ling to contribute to their entertainment. 