' BISHOP M00RH0 USE A TST.PA UL'S. ' Messianic Propbecy. Yetterday liishop Moorhouso delivered a Icoture, the first of a ieries, on the subject of 'tho Messianic ProphecieB,' at St. Paul's Church, Swanston-atreet. The bishop took for his text IKe words 'For the prophecy came not in the old time by the will of man ; but holy men of God 6pako as they wore moved by t.be Holy Ghost,' 2 Fe.ter, i, 21. Ho Baid it was his intention to con sider in the leetnros which ho was to deliver there that ovidonco of tbo divine origin of the Christian religion which waa afforded by the fulfilment of tbe Messianic predictions. Before considering those predictions in de tail, ho would point out the connection be tween prediction and. propheoy, and answer certain objoetiona to the existence of specifio predictions, which were baaed upon general theorioa of the nntiir* nf nrnnlifiov. Pro phecy had been defined hy Ewald to be ' one of the most wonderful primal faculties of the soul, which potentially indeed 13 diffused throuehojit the whole human race, but with especial strength, truth and ?orsiatence is revealed in tho history of srael only.' In lik» inanncir T)r. Davidson declared that if human nature bo considered in its entire ooropaaa, including tbe Divino Bpirit implanted in it, prophecy must bo called a natural endowment. Dr. Davidson eUawhere distinguished thn prophetic from the. poelio afflatus, and oven from the im pulae of real genius ; bnt it wan evidont that lie conceived of the prophetic inapiration only as of an intenser excitement of the ordi nary religioua oonscinnsnesa. ' The prophet's delineatiouB,' Dr. Davidson said, 'are in essence nothing but forebodings;' and (ipain, 'Tho prevision of tho prophet in its highest stage belongs to the prcconscioua life of the bouI — it is intenaified presentiment.' In .much the same strain Schlbiermachor had already affirmed that ??? All predictions, both thoao which arise out, of.. historical taot, and those which npring from nn inexplicable power of anticipating, aro to be made over to tho investigation of tho nature of the soul.' Theso three theologians had this in common, that they sought to make prophetic inapiration nothing more than a form of the ordinary Diviuo assistance, and wore always ready to advance this theory as an objection to the existence of real predictions. With muoh which theae theologians said ho heartily agreed, aa they geemed to him to err rather by defect than by poaitivo mis statement. The bishop proceeded to show that prophooy was more than spiritual in sight. The prophet in tho scriptural sonso was something specifically different from the faint or even from tho religious teacher, and of thfi thousands of conB of tho prophets who wore oumeeteci to prophetic training ano. ' exercised in prophetic teaching, thero were no more than sixtcon whose wnrl;g wore selected nnd included in tho canon us maiiifeatationa of tho higher gift of pro phecy. A prophet waa mom than a teaoher of God's word. A tenoher only unfolded what was already given in revelation, whereas the wor-l of the prophet always sounded forth as a something new and original — ns n voice coming straight from the eternal silence. It waa a, germ of truth with ereativn force in it, not perhaps utterlv unlike anv other nu to ita form, but yet bearing tho un mistakablo stamp upon it of having fallen directly from tho Divino hand. It; implied not only a God-conducted growth, but also a new God-given beginning. To class the prophet with saints and teacher?/ waB not to Himplify.but to obscure the trat.h. Ife was beyond ?qlie'stiou that thero -troro men in whomtbe.Divine spirit had br.-on implanted by'r.atuVe nnd renewed by yrace, hut who were' 'no more prophets th*n the Jewish oxilea-Vrere. They could not do what the prophets' did. They could not, they dare not, stand forth and speak authoritatively in the name of God, Above all, they could not predict the future. -Thr/y wero consciously destitute of tho Divine impulse and agency. They were not borne alosig, as Peter said, by tbe blowing of tho Divine breath. With the prophets it was otherwise. They spoke, not from theirown will, o/r from the will of men, but from the will of God. There waR more in Hebrew'prophecy than mere foreboding. There wa3 'more in It even than tbo clear insight of a deeply religious soul. TJnlesa he wna greatly mistaken there would bo found in such predictions of our Saviour's obaraoter and work aa ho bnd to oonsidcr in that place conclusive evidence of an extra ordinary divine guidance and illumination— an unveiling of the secrets of futurity and ,a ? pureirtg. of the\by8 wWoh -beheld; »fid*V quickening 61 thfe Hpa whioh declared' them. ' Baron Bunaon 's'qncht a natural basis for propheoy in the faculty of clairvoyance. ' The existence of such a faculty,' he said, 'ia a simple- reality.' To some of the true predictions he can himself bear witnesB. But if, he argued, clairvoyance be* a natural faculty, there1 miiBt be a clairvoyant condition ofthe humankind when directed to moral orsprritual objects. Supposethis faculty so directed to be 'raised into a perception of spiritual things by the spirit,' and they bad Biblical propheoy, whioh Runsen accord ingly aennen aa me moral, and spiritual en franchisement of natural clairvoyance. Weie the phenomenu of clairvoyance of a more ascertained and trustworthy character, and such as to require the assumption of a natural (faculty of olair.voyanoe, Bunaen's speculations on the nature of prophecy if not convincing, would be at least unobjec tionable. . But to make Hebrew prophecy answerable with its life for- the truth of statements and reasonings thiin precarious indicated Surely that Buepicion of the super natural which would rather admit anything than a direct revelation from heaven. That there wassuohathingassubconsoiousthonght, which waa proceeding unconsciously beneath the conscious process of our own reasoning he (the Biahop) could not entortain a doubt. Sir \V. Hamilton and others bad given he believed, a plain proof of its existence. ' He would acknowledge, therefore, that Fiohte was justified in declaring that our mind poa seaaed behind the region of conseiousneaa a life full of hidden relations, including what waa called clairvoyance and aannnrt oi,/ht and many aUo of thoBe strange and start ling phenomena upon whioh modern Bpirituahsta had baaed their mistakes or impoaturea. Ho waa far from thinking that theae phenomena were without their im portance. Tranaient, partial and mysterious as they wore, they revealed, he thought, in vivid fiaaheB potencies of the mind spiritual energies ? lying dormant in the background of the waking life, which might sometimes havo been called into play in the inspiration of the prophets. That theae faculties had been abused or misunder stood was no reason for refusing to rtcognise either their existence or their possible exer cise in the phenomena of prophetic ecstasv We knew from Holy Scripture that in order to the receiving of Divine communications the aoul of the prophet was frequently brought into a new and peculiar condition. For, not to mention ecstatic peculiarities in the early prophetio schools of the Old Testa ment, or in the Church of Corinth in the New Testament times, they were- expressly told by St., John that when he received the disclosures of the Apocalypse he was in Bpirit. What it was to be in spirit we knew not, but be readily allowed that in the pro duction of the state referred to by the apostle the quickening of the sub-conscious powers of the prophet's soul might have been made an efficient faotor. If it be ever admitted, however, that the Holy Spirit prepared tho prophet to receive divine inti mations 'by stimulating his sub- conscious powers, the faot still remained that to a pre pared organ there must be communicated a divine revelation before he could rise into the region of prophecy. No matter what might be the means or manner of communi cation, there could be no prophecy in the scriptural sense of the term without a divine revealer. It was not, therefore, by changing the human pointof incidenceor man nerof reception that we could get really at the Divine element in propheoy. If all be ad fts far as ever from dispensing with' the operation of a Divine revealer. God was still the giver of revelation,- whatever be the manner of the channel of the gift. 