SECOND DAY.—MONDAT, APRIL 2. Play in this match was resumed on Monday, April 2. The weather was rather hot, but the sky clear. The Governor was present, and the attendance numbered, in the afternoon, about 2,500. Horan was again unable to play, and Cole took his place in the field. It will be remembered that both sides had finished their first innings when the stumps were drawn on Saturday, and that the home team had to begin their second innings under rather unfavourable circumstances, being 33 to the bad. Although generally the morning attendance at the Oval is very small, there were over 1,500 on the ground when play began (with cricketers' punctuality at 11.45), as it was confidently expected that our eleven would at least reach the century—an expectation which was not destined to be fulfilled, as the total score only reached 65, and the East Melbourne team won the match with 8 wickets to fall. By illluck the fatal question "Does Whitridge bowl or throw ?" was raised in the beginning of the East Melbourne innings, as Mr. Budd, their umpire, repeatedly no-balled him, and he was obliged to finish his over with lobs. Unfortunately for the credit of Adelaide this decision gave rise to no little disturbance. "Whereas some patriots forcibly expressed their disgust at this decision, many of those who thought Whitridge threw with equally bad taste cheered it. Whether Whitridge bowls or not is a question which we will not here discuss; but every true cricketer must feel it a disgrace to the game that such a discussion should be reduced, as it is being, to mere question of party feeling. The total giving way of patriotism to mere Club feelings or to the decision of a comparatively petty question, as evinced by those who cheered Whitridge's discomfiture, cannot be too greatly deplored. On the other hand it was very bad taste in the spectators to openly express their doubt of the umpire's decision, more especially when that umpire was a stranger. It is to be hoped that after the All- England match is played the question of Whitridge's bowling will be referred to the All- England cricketers and their opinion taken as final, so that South Australian cricket may not be disturbed by the discreditable ill-feeling which has been rankling all this season. In all other respects the match has been a great success, and we can only re-echo the wish that it will be an annual one. Rigaud, the not-out of the previous innings, and King were the first to undertake the defence for Adelaide against the bowling of Boyle and Allee, Cole fielding in place of Horan, and acquitting himself most ably. Kigaud took the ball from Boyle aud played a difficult over in good style, but his partner, King, deserted him the first ball of Allee's over, having put his leg before—1—0—0—an ominous beginning. Whitridge filled the gap and put Allee's thirJ ball prettily to long-leg for 1, which would have have been two had he been more active. On receiving the ball from Boyle Whitridge hit him to long-leg for another, and Kigaud running out to one of Boyle's tices drove it to long-on for the same figure. Allee then ck-livered a maiden to Kigaud, and Whitridge, alter giving Boyle a specimen of his favourite n-id-on hit for one in Allee's next over cut hiin very hard, but did not obtain urn owing to Kiggall's brilliant fielding, Allee thus bowling his second maiden in succession. Al'rer several attempts to gee the ball past Pasfield, Rigaud placed the last ball of Boyle's over between Pasfield and Gaggin and scored one. Ke then cut Allee, but "Wilkie stopped the ball before the batsmen could cross. Three maidens in succession followed, and then Whitridge, who had been tempted out of his ground by several of Boyle's tices, drove one to long-off for one, and then hit the first ball of Allee's .sixth over for one to mid-on. On receiving the ball from Boyle again "Whitridge drove him hard back, but Boyle pluckily stopped it. Rigaud and Whitridge then each got siugles off Allee, and Riguid made the first two of the innings by a high hit to deep mid on off the same bowler. WhiGrid<*e scored another off Boyle, but his career was cut short by a short- pitched ball of Allee's, which he ran out to and sent back into his hands. 2—7—12. Whitridge's seven was obtained iu very good style by careful wristy play, and without a chance, although the bowling was hot all the time he was in, but he ran out too much to Boyle's last two overs. He is, however, evidently a bad judge of a run, and but for this his total might have been nine or ten instead of seven. At the same time the practice of bystanders shouting out to batsman to run or stand (as was done to Whitridge) is very foolish, as it is apt to flurry the batsman and make him lose his head. Giffen, the hero of the first innings, took Whitridge's place. After Rigaud had scored one to long on off Boyle, gave Sillett a difiicult chance at poiut off the same bowler, and then played one of his bumpy ones up, though luckily Boyle failed to reach it. Upon this Rigaud drove Allee for a single, and Giffen stole his first run off the same over. Boyle's next over was not nnbroken, for Giffen snicked him for a couple, and cut him behind even the ubiquitous Pasfield for a single, while Rigaud drove him along the carpet for another. Allee's tenth over -was very fruitful. The first ball Rigaud cut hard through Kyte for a single, a bye was run for the second, and Rigaud stole one off the third. The fourth Giffen cut hard to point, but Allee's smart fielding saved the run. Giffen's mettle, however, was up, and the fifth went to mid-oti for 2, while the last ball departed through the chaias to long leg—one of the best hits of the match. Tlie next over (Boyle's) yielded three runs—two drives for singles by Rigaud and one by Giffen. Boyle now changed ends, and not in vain, for Pasfield caught Kigaud well off his second ball. 3—12—31. Rigaud was greatly cheered on returning to the pavilion, and deservedly so, for his innings w;is decidedly the best of his side, made es it was without the ghost of a chance. From the beginning he got well over the ball, and showed equally good powers of offence and defence. Gibbs came to the wickets bent on retrieving hi • duck's egg, and after he had played the rest oc the over Pasfield opened with a wide (the only one bowled in the match) from Boyle's old end. Giffen then hit him hard to mid on, but Cole prevented the run by a good piece of fielding. Gibbs's fingers brought him iu a 2 in Boyle's next over, the ball passing Elliott. Pasfield's next over was a inaideii, and then Gibbs scored 1 off Eoyle by an overthrow, Giffen following suit with a single for a drive to loag off Iu Pasfield's next Giffen drove one of his balls back very hard, but not hard enough to prevent him from stopping it. Giffen, however, got his revenge by hitting his fifth ball, a long-hop, to mid on for 2. A bye followed, and then Boyle sent in a ball under Giffen's bat, which he put up to Allee. 4—14—39. Giffen thus again made the top score—not, however, so well as on the previous day, as he gave three chances, though none of them were easy. H. A. Gooden next donnc-d the pads, ^and began bv cutting Boyle hard, though Allee smartly saved the run. Gibbs got one from Passfield to mid on, and facing Boyle received a maiden. Pasfield's next effort was eventful. The fourth ball Gooden put prettily between long leg and longstop for 2; the fifth he cut for the same number, and the last, a splendid ball, broke right back on him and took his wicket. 5—4—14. The captain was the next in order, and before he made any Gibbs got a single, and by dexterous management of his leg another run was added to the score. "Pasfield now saved his maiden by grandly stopping a hard drive of Gooden's. Boyle was placed by Gibbs for 2 to square leg, and stole one more run before lunch. THE LVXCK. The Hon. Jos. Fisher, M.L.C., took the chair, with Sir. Townsend, M.P.,as his vice. Mr. FISHER proposed "The East Melbourne Eleven and their Captain," saying that these intercolonial matches were not merely useful iu a cricketing point of view, but also as conducive to kindly feeling between the colonies. He thanked the visitors for their presence, and condoled with them on the accident that had happened to Horan. He also said he did not doubt that after one or two more matches South Australia would turn the tables. Mr. WILKIE, in responding, agreed with Mr. Fisher's last^ remark, saying that the means to obtain this result quickly was the possession of a good ground, as without good wickets good batsmen were hard to produce. He then proposed the health of the South Australians, saying that though he had expected a good welcome in Adelaide, the welcome had surpassed his utmost expectations. Mr. Gooden responded in a few suitable words, and some humorous remarks from Mr. Townsend formed an appropriate ending to the convivialities. On play being resumed Gibbs stood up to Pasfield and gave Allee a chance at point off the first ball. To make up for this, however, Allee caught him splendidly off the next ball. 6—7—50. Before Phillips, the next man, could score, J. E. Gooden was dismissed by one of Pasfield's unplayables, 7—1—50. Wallace, the " gallery-man," succeeded, and after hitting Pasfield to long leg for two was missed by Boyle at long|on—a rather hard catch off the same bowler. Phillips also gave a chance from Pasfield, having run out to a short-pitched ball, but though the chance was easy Elliot fumbled the ball and failed to stump him. Phillips then scored one, after which Pasfield dismissed Wallace with a long hop, which broke all across his wicket—8—3—24—and Barnes filled the vacancy. Phillips soon after lashed in to one of Pasfield'6; in vain, though, for Allee's quick eye saw it, and he stopped the ball splendidly, fie at last got another run—a drive—and then Barnes drove Pasfield to long off for 3—a fine hit—but the last ball of the over caused Phillips to retire. 8—2—59. Bevan, the last man, looked on while Barnes slipped Boyle for one cut Pasfield for 2, and then hit him for another double to deep long-on, a nice piece of play. Bevan slipped one of Boyle's, and soon after a sharp piece of fielding of Cole's, and hesitation in running, brought Bevan's wicket to the ground. 10—1—65. Barnes was thus left not out with a freely and well-made 8, which did him great credit. The batting, taken as a whole, was an improvement on the last innings, as there were fewer chances given than on Saturday, and Pasfield's bowling was at times quite unplayable. He has a curious action—a furious run sometimes terminating in acannonball, at others in a medium pace or slow, it being impossible for the batsman to foretell which he is going to be treated to. The fielding of the "Victorians was again splendid, the placing of the men doing the greatest credit to Captain Wilkie. Pasfield, Allee, and Elliott again took the palm in this department. The Governor arrived on the ground at a quarter to 3, being loudly cheered, and directly afterwards Boyle and Gaggin went to the wickets to the bowling of King, who led off from the north end to the former—Whitridge. King's maiden was spoilt by a fine cut from Boyle, which although splendidly fielded by Phillips, was badly thrown in and missed by Wallace. Two were run for overthrow. Whitridge now went on to bowl, and as he was no-balled by Mr. Budd four times running, amidst cheers derisive and otherwise, finished his over with underhand bills which were of course unmercifully hit about. In all ten runs were obtained from this over. King bowled a maiden, and Bevan went on at Mr. Budd's end. Gaggin and Boyle each scored one from the first two balls, Boyle being bidly missed by J. E. Gooden off King. Bevan bowled a maiden to Gaggin, who evidently did not relish it. In King's next over Boyle, in trving to cut a rather wide ball, put it into Phillips's hands at third man. 1—13—20. Elliott joined Gaggin, who got Bevan away to long on for 2. Elliott then cut King prettily for a like number and, after Bevan had bowled another maiden to Gaggin, put King to mid on for another brace. After this Bevan bowled another maiden, his bumpy balls seeming to force Gaggin back. Elliott and Gaggin each scored a single from King's next—the one a cut, and the other to mid-on; but Bevan in his sixth over bowled Gaggin, whom he had much puzzled all along, the ball rolling from his bat into his wicket. 2—5—2S. Healey became Elliott's partner, and Barnes relieved King to see his first ball sent to long leg by Elliott for 3. Elliott then cut Bevan for one. The ball was well stopped by H. Gooden, but badly thrown in, a wicket being thus thrown away. Not long after Elliott made the winning hit—one in the slips off Barnes. As it had been decided that the game should be continued till 5 o'clock in order to give the spectators their money's worth, play went on interruption. Each batsman drove Bevan for a single; aud Barnes bowled a maiden to Healey, whose play is very cautious. Elliott cut Bevan for 1, and after a bye had been run Healey made 1 at mid on off Barnes's last ball and received a maiden from Bevan. Barnes was again cheated out of his maiden, for Elliott hit his last ball to mid on for a single. Elliott tipped Bevan's first ball, and Wallace caught him neatly, but owing to Mr. Budd not seeing it the batsman was allowed to remain. His life was not much good to him, for Wallace had him hard and fast next ball. 3—13—39. Allee sallied forth and took the rest of the over—a maiden—without scoring. Barnes's over raised the score by a single to each batsmen, and Barnes missing Healey for an easy chance off Bevan another single was run. Barnes bowled two maidens, while Healey made one, and Allee a cut for 2 off Bevan. Phillips now fielded a hard cut of Healey's very smartly, saving the run, and Allee skyed Bevan over his head for 1. He then stood up to Barnes, and drove him to the off for 2. Bevan trundled a maiden, and Rigaud took the ball from Barnes at the north end. The change was a success, for after Allee had cut Rigaud for 2 he played a tall one iut^ Whitridge's hands at point. 4-9-50. The tail end of the Victorians now came in, and was cut off at the stump as rapidly as on Saturday, for after Healey had cut Bevan for 2, a legbye sharply run, and a maiden from Rigaud, Beva n commenced his onslaught. Pasfield, the first to go, ran out to one of Bevan's tices, and was well caught by Gibbs. 5—0—53. Kyte tried to defend Pasfield's wicket, but was well caught by H. A. Gooden off the second ball he had. {6 -0- 53.) Riggall. the licjit of other days," shone in his placed and letting out at his first b ill was extinguished by Whitridge—a very sharp catch. (7—0—53/) Sillett played the last two without scoring, Bevan having thus bowled a maiden over, in which he scored no less than three wickets—a brilliant performance. Sillett then spooned Rigaud between slip and point, and .as there was no man made one, but running out to Eevau's third ball slogged it to deep long on, where Phillips by good calculation'and activity.held him. .(8—1 —55.) Time being called the stumps were drawli7 Healey remaining not out for 6, the result of some good defensive play. Cheers were then given for everybody, including Mr. Budd and Mr. Whitridge, and the crowd dispersed. Tlie fielding in the second innings was a great improvement on that in the first, the field being to our mind better placed. Wallace was excellent at the wickets, Phillips brilliant throughout, while H. A. Gooden, Giffen, and Whitridge also distinguished themselves. A glace at Bevan's analysis,six wickets for 15 runs, will speak forthe efficiency of his bowling. The Victorians could not keep down his screws, which in most cases drove them back. King did not fulfil the promise of Saturday, and owing to Whitridge's going on at Mr. Budd's end our premier bowler had no chance of displaying his skill. The match did not thus prove such a one' sided contest after all. Had the fielding been up to _ the mark in the first innings there is no reason why it should not have been closer, though had Horan been able to bat the telegraph would probably told a still sadder tale than it actually did. The East Melbourne team have won golden opinions from all with whom they have come in contact, and will, we are sure, be welcomed as old friends next time they visit Adelaide. Messrs. C. Forrester and C. W. Wren kept the score throughout the match. Appended is the full score of the match :— SOUTH AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATION.—Eirst Innings Captain, J. E. Gooden; Umpire, Mr. S. Toms. W. O. Whitridge, 1, 1, 1,1, 1, 1, l, c. Elliott, b. Boyle F. King, 1,1,1,1, b. Boyle 4 C. S. Gibbs, c. Allee, b. Boyle ... 0 ^S";,?' x > 2 > 2 - x > 2. 1.1. c- and b. Boyle 16 E. G. Phillips, 1, b. Wilkie ... .. 1 •T. E. Gooden, 1, 2, 4, b. Wilkie ' 7 H. A. Gooden, 1, 2, 4, run out " 7 S. A. Wallace, 4, c. Allee, b. Boyle ... 4 R. Barnes, 1,1, 3, 1, st Elliott, b. Allee ... 6 S. Rigaud, X, not out j Bevan, 1, 2, b. Allee "" 3 Extras H. Boyle D. Wilkie T. Pasfield C. G. Allee Total 56 Bowling Analysis. Balls. Kuns. Maidens. Wickets. ... 90 18 7 5 ... «C 23 3 2 ... 12 U _ _ ... 7 4 2 N.B.—Although this is a three-days' match, the captains agreed that each over should contain six balls. EAST MELBOURNE CLUB.—Fiist Innings Captain, D. Wilkie; Umpire, Mr. Budd. W. Gaggin, 1, st. Wallace, b. Bevan 1 T. Horan, retired hurt 0 E. Elliott, 1, 2,1, 3, 1, 1, 1, 1, 3, 1,1,1,1, 2, 1 1, 2,4, b. King ' 2S H. Boyle, 2, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 1, 1, run out ..." 15 Dan. Wilkie, 1, 1, 1, 1,1, 1, 1, 1 1 2, 1 2, 2 Rigaud, b. King C. G. Allee, 1,1,1,1, 2,1, 2, 3, b. King T. Pasfield, 1,1,1, 2,1,1, b. King ... J. Healey, 2, c. Bevan, b. Whitridge... W. Riggall, b. King .. R. Sillett, not out H. Kite, run out .". Byes 7, leg-bye 1 Total Bowling Analysis. Balls Runs. W. O. Whitridge ... 77 21 J. Bevan 66 24 Mdns. 1 G. Giffen 48 24 — F. King 64 12 3 SOUTH AUSTRALIANS. S. Rigaud, 1, 1, 1, 2,1, 1,1,1,1,1, 1, c. Pasfield, b. Boyle , F. King, Lb.w., b. Allee W. O. Whitridge, 1,1,1,1,1,1,1, c. and b. Allee" G. Giffen, 1,2, 1, 2, 4,1,1, 2, c. Allee, b. Bovle C. H. Gibbs, 1,1,1, 2, 2, c. Allee. b. Boyle H. A Gooden, 2, 2, b. Pasfield J. E. Gooden, 1, b. Pasfield E. G. Phillips, 1, 1, b. Pasfield S. A Wallace, 2, 1, b. Pasfield ... R. Barnes, 3, 1, 2, 2, not out '"' J. Bevan, 1, run out Byes, 1,1, 1=3; leg- byes, 1,1=2"; wide, 1 H. Boyle . C. G. Allee . n ... 16 12 7 2 0 0 0 Wkts. 1 1 Total 65 Bowling Analysis. Bis. Runs. Mdns. Wkts. Wides. ... 144 23 X0 3 _ ... 60 16 5 2 — ... 74 20 4 A 1 T. Pasfield., „ EAST MELBOURNE. W. Gaggin, 1,1, 2,1, b. Bevan 5 H. Boyle, 2, 4, 2,2, 1, 1,1, c. Phillips, b. Kin? . 13 E. Elliott, 2, 2, 1, 3, 1,1,1,1,1, £ Wallace, b. Bevan 13 J. Healey, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, not oat « C. G. Allee, 1, 1, 2, 1, 2, 2, c. 'Whitridge, b. Bigaud 9 T. Pasfield, c. Gibbs, b. Bevan ... ... . 0 H. Kyte, c. H. A. Gooden, b. Bevan : 0 W. Biggall, c. Whitridge, b. Bevan ! 0 R. Sillett, 1, c. Phillips, b. Bevan 1 D. Wilkie T. Horan J TOBAT - Bye 1, leg- byes 3, no balls i 8 Total for eight wickets 55 Bowling Analysis. Bis. Buns. Mdns. Wkts. No balL F. King W. O. Whitridge... J. Bevan E. Barnes S. Bigaud 42 9 2 1 6 10 4 105 15 8 6 54 10 3 18 3 1 J — 