III— RELIGIOUS. BIBLE CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE. The ministers and representatives composing the first Bible Christian Conference assembled in Young-street Church on Wednesday. Feb- <*> ruary 28. This being the first Conference of the Church in this colony, caimidarable interest ns manifested in the formation and proceedings of the meeting. There m a time when the high eat Court of the Church in the colony was a quarterly meeting. After sometime a district wag formed, and an annual district meeting held. Hie need of self-government has bsen felt for some time, Mid the English Conference was asked to form the Churches in the colony into a separate and independent Conference. This having been done, the colony was divided into four districts, and their respective meet ings were held preparatory to the Conference. On the previous day the General Connexions,!, Tr"?* nrffai. mm! Rationing flnrnmltfawi mat fai prepare business for the full Conference. The meeting was opened by the Rev. T. Piper giving out a hymn and the Bey. T. Hillman engaging in prayer. The Conference was then formed, the following ministers and representa tives sent by their respective District Meetings answering to their names:—Revs. T. Piper (General Superintendent), 3. Way, J. Roberts, T. Allen, JJBidclift, T. Hillman, J. Trewin, J. Foster, W. Richards. J. Bock, J. Stoyel. R. Lang, O. Lake, R. Kelly, T. McNeil, W. W. Finch, J. Baymont, and J. Dingle. Messrs. E. Gould,W.Stillwell,W.Lewis, J. Roberts, W. Polkinghorne, W. Kidgway, W. Taylor, J. O. Barton, J. Cooper, F. A. Haynes, add Dr. Campbell. A lew of the members appointed bad not arrived. The meeting then proceeded to the election of President. The Rev. T. Piper being the only nomination was most heartily and unanimously elected. On taking the chair the Rev. T. Piper was greeted with loud and continued applause. He said he had no speech prepared to deliver, but would congratulate them on the first Con ference gathering of the Church in the colony. They were now an independent body, with power to manage their own aSairsapart from extraneous interference. The past year had been moderately successful. Some Circuits had realised much prosperity, and others had suffered through removals and other causes; but the increase more than made up for the decrease. The f n .Two? were in & very satisfactory state. Perhaps sever before in their history as ft Church were their finances better sostafaed, The circuits generally ware iv a prosperous state, and the Connexion was evidently growing in the esteem and confidence of the public. Among the many subjects that would claim their atten tion one of the foremost was the providing more substantial and commodious edifices for public worship. In many places sufficient importance had not been attached to this department, and the neglect had resulted'in heavy debts and unsuitable buildings when superior ones might have been erected with little extra cost. Another subject demanding attention was the careful teaming of young men to occupy their pulpits. In other spheres of life men needed training in order to efficiently discharge their duties, and this was imperative in the high and koly work of preaching the Gospel. He thanked them for the confidenoe they had reposed in him in electing him as their President, and hoped his year of office would be one of great prosperity. The Bey. T. Hillman was elected Secretary, Beys. J. Stoyel and W. Richards were chosen Journal and Duplicate Secretaries, Bey. B. Kelly was appointed Corresponding Secretary, and Beys. T. McNeil and J. Baymont were made Reporters to the Press. In the evening the Rev. Thomas Witlmnn preached the Conference sermon, -taking as his text Acts xi. 24. He informed the congregation that the Bey. J. Hancock, of Bowden, had been appointed to take this service, but his recent severe affliction had prevented him doing so; under the circumstances he would do his best. The sermon, which was a clear practical dis course, lasted about 40 minutes. At the close the sacrament of the Lord's Supper was ad ministered to the members of Conference and others connected with the Church, who remained by invitation of the President. Sbcostd Day—Thursday, March 1. Very deep and general regret was expressed at the absence of the Bey. J. Hancock through illness, and the following resolution of sym pathy was passed:—"That we deeply regret to find that through personal affliction the place of our dear Brother Hancock is vacant at this Conference. We record our brotherly sympathy with him in his severe illness, and we pray that be may be graciously sustained under the great trial through which God has called him to pass, ' and if it be the Divine will we sincerely hope he may be speedily restored to the Ministry he has so greatly honored and served with such fidelity. We also add our expression of sym pathy with Mrs. Hancock and family, and.for their sakes we pray that the cloud that has settled around tlieir home may be speedily dispersed." The Ber. J. Rowe.from the Victorian Dis-, trict, was introduced to the meeting, and a most hearty reception accorded him. He read letter of friendly greeting from the Victorian District Meeting to the Conference, and also. presented a copy of tile minutes of the Victo rian District Meeting. The Rev. J. Orchard, of . Ballarat, also a visitor from the sister colony, was introduced, and heartily welcomed. The following resolution was adopted by the meeting:—" That the thanks of, the Conference are due and are hereby presented to the Bey. Thomas Hillmaa, for his able and suitable sermon to the Conference, and that he be re quested to allow it to be published in the magaane." A considerable amount of time was spent in considering the constitution of the Conference, aa adopted by the English Conference, it having been altered in some important particulars from that adopted by the District Meeting of 1677\. Several alterations were approved by the: ptfrfJHng, and the l&?eli?h Conference was asked to confirm them. The Bey. J. Bowe having expressed a denre to be transferred from the Victorian District to this Conference,* resolution was passed that he. be cordially received on the conditions laid ? down by the Bnglish Conference. Tbe Bey. J. Ai. Burns having completed bis - four years'probation came op for big final ex amination, and the following resolution was most unanimously passed:—"That having heard the certificate read from the Biverbm Quarterly Meeting, the resolution of the Koo ringa District Mesting, ana thereportoftheOoL lege Committeo,and having witnessed his com- i mendable bearing during the years of his proba tion, we have the greatest pleasure in receiving Bro. J. A. Burns into full connexion; and we trust he will realise the promise of ihe past by showing himself a workman that needeth not to be ashamed—a. good minister of Jestu Christ." In the evening a service was held in connec tion with the ordination of the Ber. J. A. Burns. Third Dat—Fbidat, March 2. The greater part of the day was taken op in the consideration of the reports on tile proba tioners. Much was said on the importance of sending them to Oollege a year or two of their probation,andalsoof the imperative necessity of .increased diligence in -tile cultivation of their minds in the circuits where their lot may be cast, and failing this, it was considered that they should discontinue their pursuits. The Conference was decided in its opinion that young men on probation must devote more time to study. The Connexional Committee, at the request of the Oollege Committee, appointed two of their number (Bey. T. Piper and Dr. Campbell) to confer with two members of the Council of Union College (Revs. B. Mead and J. Jefferis), with a view to tbe Bible Christian* becoming associated with the College. The report of this Committee stated:—**We believe there is nothing whatever to prevent our association with tile Union Oollege; and that the Oollege, will be of great servioeftn training young men for our ministry." '. FoubthDay: Saturday. Habcr 3. Several of the members spoke on the advan tages the denomination would derive from being identified with Union Oollege. After some di?CU?sion,thefollowingresolutionwasadopted: —"That we make application to be admitted into association with the Union College of South Australia." It was found that there was only one candi date for the ministry coming forward in the usual way. Mr. G. H. Paynter, who has been laboring as a hired local preacher part of the year, having been recommended by his quarterly meeting, and passed a satisfactory examination before the College Committee, was received on probation for tile ministry. I Two or three others were spoken of who had not received recommendations from their quarterly meetings as likely to be very useful to the Church if they could be employed as hired local preachers, with a view to their entering the ministry. The Conference resolved that Mr. F. Bollock and Mr. J. Pearce bo employed an hired local preachers in the coming year, should their services be required. Fifth Dat, Monday, Mabch 5. The General Chapel Secretary read his re port, and after some discussion it was adopted. Tbe report showed that there were 92 chapels, providing sitting accommodation for nearly 14,000 persona; there were IS ministers' resi denceh. and 15 schoolrooms. The total income for the year was £5,143. Nearly £2,000 had been paid oS the aggregate debt during the year, and a large amount had been spent in improvements. Altogether the report was of a most cheering and satisfactory character. Deputations from sister Churches waited on the Conference. The Secretary met the rev. gentlemen at the door, and conducted them to | the platform, where they were heartily re ceived by the President. The Editor and Book Steward (Bey. T. Pipes) brought forward his report of the maga zine and book concern. It showed that the cir culation of the magaane had largely increased, and that the book-room was in a most satisfac tory condition. There was also a considerable profit in each department. The Rev. T. Pipes introduced the question of making provision for probationers attending Union College, and a sufficient stim to meet the requirement* was voted by the Conference. Sixth Pat : Wednesday, Mabch 7. On the reassembling of Conference the Secre tary read a list of stations, and the Stationing Committee soon after sat to hear appeals. A long discussion took place on the advisability of accepting the offer of a minister of considerable experience and high standing in England to come to this colony. It was ultimately de cided that he be sent for. . I The Bey. T. Piper was heartily congratulated on the success he bad achieved in the editorial \ and book-room departments, and was most ! unanimously reappointed Editor and Bjok Steward. The Treasurer and Secretary ofthe Preachers' > Fund brought forward their report. The fund was found to be in a progressive state, and tbe thanks of the meeting were given to the Bey. T. Piper (Treasurer) and the Bey. T. Hillman (Secretary). j The Conference sat to hear an address to the Churches cf South Australia, prepared by the Bey. T. Piper, and another to the Bnglish Con ference by the Bey. J. Way, and a third to the Canadian Conference by the Bey. 3. Stoyel. , Each address was heartily adopted. - 1 The Trust Debt* Belief Fund had met, and Dr. Campbell (the Treasurer) presented the report. It was shown that upwards of £350 was in the fund, £300 of which had been loaned on chapels; and it was hoped that through the augmentation of tbe fund other requests wonld soon be met. The Conference adopted the re port, and thanked the Treasurer for bis ser vices. Some time was spent over the secpnd ami third reading of the stations, and they were finally confirmed in the following order. Adelaide District. — Adelaide, T. Piper, President of the Conference (Editor and Book Steward), J. Thome and J. Way superannuated; Bowden, W. Richards, T. Allen, J. RMclift, J. Roberts; Clarendon and Willunga, J. Eaymont; Yankalilla, H. Mason; Port Elliot, J. Stoyel; Mount Lofty, E. Lang; Millicent, C. Tresise; Jlitcham, J. Pearce. Chairman of the District, T. Piper. Chapel Secretary, W. Bichards. Bnrra District.— Burra and Yarcowie, T. McNeil; Kapunda, 3. Kock ; Gawler, J. Forstor ; G. H. Paynter; Auburn, T. Hillman (Secre tary of Conference); Mount Torrens, B. Kelly; Biverton, J. A. Burns. Chairman of the Dis trict, T. Hillman. Chapel Secretary, T. McNeil. • Radina District.—Kadina, J. Trewin; Uoonta, O. Lake, J. Bowe; Port Wake?eld, B. C. Yeo man. Chairman of the District, J. Trewin, Chapel Secretary. B. C. Yeoman. Port Augusta, District.—Port Augusta, W. W. Finch J. May; Crystal Brook, J. Dingle; Beautiful Valley, W. H. Haiford. Chairman of the District, W.W. Finch. Chapel Secretary, J. Dingle. Seventh Dat —Wednesday, March 7. The following were appointed the General Committee for the year:—The President and Secretary, W. Richards, B. tang, J. Thome, J. Foster, Dr. Campbell, and E. Gould The following were elected the College Council for the year:—The President, B. Lang, J. Thome, Dr. Campbell, Mr. J. Hosking, and J.G.Aahton. The College Committee.—The Pre sident, W. Richards, B. Long, J. Thome (Secre tary), Dr. Campbell, and His Honor the Chief Justice (Treasurer). Stationing Committee.— The President and Secretary. Chairmen of Dis tricts, J. StoyeL W. Richards, O. Lake, and T. McNeil. TrusteDebts Belief Fund Committee.— The President (J. Way), J. C. Sigmont, J. Cooper, J. Roberts, W. Lewis, 8. P. Axford, Dr. Campbell (Treasurer), and W. Richards (Secre tary). ' - The resolutions of the various District Meetings having been read, an interesting dis cussion ensued, and the following resolution was passed:—" That in reviewing the spiritual state of our various districts we see much to inspire our hearts with gratitude to the Foun tain of all Good. The success realised has not been great, but sufficient to encourage us still to devote ourselves to our great life-work. Our most pressing need is a richer, baptism of the Holy Ghost; and we desire to live and labor for still greater prosperity." The following are the statistics of the con nexion:—Ministers, 25; local preachers, 125; members, 1,825; on trial, 42. Total, 1367; net increase, 23. Sabbath-schools, 63; Sabbath school teachers, 661; scholars. 4,013. The journal having been signed, the President closed the Conference with prayer at 10.30 p jn. Services in connection with the anniversary of the Bible Christian Missionary Society was held in the Young-street Church on Sunday, March 4, when three sermons were preached— the Bey. John Orchard, of Ballarat, officiating in the morning, the Bey. B. Kelly in the after noon, and the Bey. J. Bowe, from Melbourne, in the evening. There was a large congregation at each service. In the afternoon of the fol lowing day a tea meeting took place in connec tion with the same object, and a public meeting followed. There was a good attendance, and Dr. Allan Campbell, J.P., occupied the chair. The Chaibkah said that was the first public meeting that had been held in connection with what was now the Bible Christian Conference of South Australia. The question of a Conference had been mooted for some years past, but it had now become a reality. (Applause.) Their dominion had extended and their work in creased, and they could now arrange and man age their own affairs. There was no desire on the part of the brethren in South Australia to throw off their connection or throw off tho yoke, for there was no yoke—(hear, hear);—but they thought that things would go on better if they had a Conference of their own. He was sura that they would all agree with him, and say from their hearts, "God bless the Bible Chris tian Conference of South Australia, 7' bless them in their deliberations and in the work they had in view. (Applause.) He then referred to the fact that additional interest had been given to the Conference by the visit of the Revs. Messrs. Bowe and Orchard, of Melbourne. Mr. Bowe was returning to the colony after an absence of several years, and he heartily welcomed that gentleman back again to South Australia, and lie was sure that all present would wish him every success in his ministrations. Mr. Orchard was on a holiday, and he was enjoying that holiday. There was something in a minister's work that seemed to tell upon him, and he hoped that the example Mr. Orchard had set would be followed by others. The meeting that evening had not been held so much in con nection with the Conference as with the Colo nial Missions. He hoped that they would have a pleasant meeting, receive good in themselves,' and do good through the operations of the Society. (Applause.) The Bey. T. Ptpxb (President of the Con ference) then read the report:— "Hitherto our local resources have been ex-' pended in missionary operations within the limits of this colony. The openings and calls for laborers have been very numerous, and throughout a very large extent of the province have tlie agents of this Society gone preaching ' the unsearching riches of Christ.' Many have been turned from a life of sin to a life of holiness. Many who were dark and sinful,, and condemned, have been enlightened and par doned, and made joyful in God their Saviour. In the town? and villages, in the fields and forests, prayer and praise have ascended to God from hearts made happy and pure by the in dwelling spirit, and large numbers have been gathered into congregations, and now have the truth preached and the 'means of grace re gularly conducted in their midst. "But besides the immediate object of saving the souls of our fellow-colonists, there are strong reasons for using our utmost efforts to evange lise the entire population of this land. : This country is undoubtedly destined to exercise a large influence upon other lands. Its geogra phical position combined. with its commercial and political enterprise as already displayed renders this almost a necessity. Among the Australian colonies our position is central, and shortly ye shall be in immediate telegraphic communication with them aIL In Western Australia the convict element still obtains to a. large extent. In Tasmania the same pernicious element still blights com mercial and national development. In Vic toria scepticism extensively prevails, co that almost every newspaper in that colony is anti- Christian. In New South Wales—begun as she was as an abode for criminals—the evil leaven still remains. In Queensland incipient slavery has labored to develop itself. The Northern Territory will in all probability be occupied chiefly by Asiatics, who will bring with them their' manners and customs, their errors and immoralities. Each of these has* its plague Spot, which allowed to develop might bring ruin. South Australia ib in the midst of all j these, in apposition, like the head in the ' animal system, to send out its life streamers in every direction, and to bring ameliorating influences to bear them all. Only let opt population be thoroughly evangelised and de voted to Christ, and these wUI be a pnwer laying hold of the minds and hearts of our colonial neighbors to prevent their forsaking ' the truth as it is in Jesus.' ; " And as regards the regions beyond, perhaps no country is so advantageously situated as Australia for influencing so large a portion of the world's population. Besides the almost innumerable islands by which we are sur rounded, on the north is Japan, with ab>ut 35 millions of souls, nearly all heathen, but just row waking up to the advantages of educa tion and commercial relations with oilier nations. Next is China, with 400 millions of the human race, degraded by a debasing heathenism, but lately laid open for the mes sengers of Christ to preach the Gospel through out its vast extent. Then comes India, with its population of about 230 millions; and Arabia, end Persia, and Egypt, and the east coast of Africa for thousands of miles, are all within easy reach from our shores. In years to come, Australia must have commercial and political relations with all these countries. If, with these, we can also send the Gospel of Christ; if, with our men of commerce and our political agents, ire can exhibit a pure life derived from faith in Christ, what a living power will be brought to bear upon these people; and what will such relations be to them but "life from the dead." "But in order that South Australia shall have these influences to send forth to the surrounding colonies, and that Australia may become a power to evangelise the regions beyond, it is of the utmost importance that our entire population be brought to 'know Christ, and the power of His resurrection.' It is to the accomplishment of this that the South Australian Bible Chris tian Missionary Society, for the present, de votes the whole of its resources and appliances.'! The financial report showed that the receipts during the year had amounted to £553 13s. 3d., and the expenditure, the greater part of wh'.ch had been voted to various circuits, was £449 Ss. 9d., leaving a balance of £104 7s. 6d. The debt last year was £1,200, and the balance from this year will be devoted towards the liquidation of that amount. The Bey.Mr. Stotel moved—"That the re port, an abstract of which has been read, be adopted and published; and we gratefully recognise the liberality of our subscribers and collectors, for their very efficient help in this most noble cause." The Bey. W. W. Fdtch seconded the resolu tion, and it was carried by acclamation. The Bey. Mr. Lano proposed—"That we acknowledge with devout thankfulness the guidings of a wise Providence, in reference to our missionary work in. this colony, and we re joice that in many places God has used tho agents of the Society in leading souls to Christ." The Bey. Mr. Bowh, of Melbourne, seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. The Bey. O. Lakb proposed—* That believing the Gospel of Christ applied by the powers' *>f the Holy Spirit to be lie -only remedy for a fallen world, we at ibis, time pledge ourselves to renewed exertions in supporting and making' known this Gospel among men." The Bey. J. Obchasd, in a lengthy speech; seconded the resolution, and it was -carried unanimously. ? The proceedings closed with the usual votes - of thanks and the benediction. Several anthems were sung very creditably by the choir.. The proceeds were-^Sunday's services, £12 25.; tea, £8 13b. 9d.; public meeting, £5195.; m?lrfn?r a total of £26 14b. Sd. 