An Interview with the Pope. THE DAILY LIFE OF PIUS IX. -ROME, Oct. 16.-To-day, for the first time since Victor Emanuel entered Borne, the Pope has shown himself at St. Peter's. It was not exactly a public occasion ; it was merely the reception of a band of Spanish pilgrims, too numerous to be en tertained in any of the great halls of the Vatican, and extreme care was taken to shut out of the Basilica all who could not prove their connection with the romería, first by showing their tickets of member ship, and secondly by passing a brief examinatiun in the tipanish language. The pilgrims, however, were as many as 7000 or 8000, and some privi leged Italians, with a few fortunate strangers like myself, also received invitation« to attend, so that the ceremonies could hardly be called private. The pilgrims, led by the Archbishop of Granada, arrived by detachments last week. They embraced all ranks, from the noble to the peasant ; and the strangest contrasts were presented as they wan dered about the streets of Borne, and thronged the galleries and museums,-bishops in purple, priests in black, monks in white and brown, women with the national mantilla and sparkling eyes, peasants in velvet jackets and red woollen caps, ladies and gentlemen in the latest fashions of Madrid and Paris. Many, too poor to hire lodgings, slept in the street3, and breakfasted on bread by the public fountains. A quiet, simple-minded multitude they seemed to be, and the jeers of the few Italians who were rude enough to mock at them as they passed, never disturbed their true Spanish gravity. There were some fears of disorder ; the troops were kept under arras, and the police were all in readiness, but everything passed off decorously. Such was the audience which has been the sensa tion of Kouie for the past few days, partly on account of the great number of persons who took part in it, but still more for the reason that it offered, as some of the Romans thought, a prospect of the gradual renewal of the superb ceremonies to which St. Peter's has been for six years a stranger. Now that the holy father has made the first step, said these sanguine persons, we may hope that he will soon show himself in the Basilica as he did of old-a hope which I venture to say will be disappointed. The application for an audience must be made through some ecclesiastical dignitary or other person known to the papal court. In the day s when the Pope was king it was customary for strangers to resort to the diplomatic or consular representatives of their respective countries; in these times they generally apply to priests of their own nation or to their national college. Within a day or two after despatching the request you will receive at your hotel a note in Italian to the follow ing effect : " Sig. A. B. is informed that His Holi ness will deign to receive bim at the Audience of ?-- the -inst., at Hf a.m." This is dated " Pontifical Antechamber," and signed by one of the chamberlains, and on the margin are some printed rules of behaviour: "Gentlemen in uniform or in black dress coat with white cravat. Ladies in black; the head covered with a veil." You are furthermore requested to bring this note with you, and forbidden to pre sent any papers to the Pope for his signature; and at the bottom of the page is written the name of your introducer. I may add that the veil pre scribed for ladies is in lieu of a bonnet, and that neither ladies nor gentlemen are allowed to appear in gloves. Armed with such a document as 1 have cited, I presented myself at the Vatican the other day, one of about sixty persons similarly favoured. Passing around the rear of St. Peter's, the carriage entered a low and very plain aich way, crossed two. small yards paved with cobble stones, where soldiers of the Swiss guard with their antique hal berts and curious parti-coloured uniforms of the pattern of the middle ages were keeping the gates, and finally drew up at the foot ot a oroad staircase opening upon the handsome arcaded court of S. Dámaso. An officer of the Swiss guard motioned me to ascend, and at every turn 1 found a soldier ready to point out the way. At the top o£ the second flight I was ushered into a large ante-room with lofty ceiling and richly decorated walls, A number of the Swiss were pacing up and down ; a row of hal berds rested at oneend of the room. Plain painted wooden lockers set against the wall answered for seats, and several priests sat on them waiting. One of the papalpalafrenieri, a stately and urbane do mestic in a splendid court suitof purple silk damask came forward, and looking at my letter of admis sion led me into the adjoining audience chamber. It was a grand apartment, the walls hung with red tapestry, the frieze covered with frescoes, the heavy carved ceiling decorated in red and blue and gold, the floor of artificial marble. At the lower end, near the door of the ante-room, stood a large ebony and ivory crucifix, with a gilded angel embracing it. At the uppei' end, on a platform of two steps, was a gilded arm-chair, upholstered in red, with a canopy high above it. There was a row of chairs set against the wall on either side, and to these the people were conducted ia the order of their arrival-hats, canes, parasols, and similar articles being left outside. At the head of the line sat an old gentleman in uniform. There were about 20 gentlemen in dress coats, nearly all of whom seemed to be of the better class. The other sex was almost equally divided between rich and poor, and there were four or five members of some sisterhood. There was an hour of awkward waiting, during which we all tried to look at ease and all failed disastrously, and the few who ventured to whisper to their companions adopted the solemn and semi articulate style common at country funerals. At last a door at the upper end of the room opened and tho whole assembly rose. Two or three of the monsignori, or domestic prelates, in their purple cassocks, came first. Then we siw a venerable liRure all in white, somewhat below the medium hoight, stout built, but bent, loaning on the arm of a prelate and using a cane, Behind him waa a tall and courtly cardinal in purple cassock, scarlet sash, and scarlet skull-cap, and a few minor ecclesiastics and five or six officers of the Swiss guard brought up the rear. As soon as the Pope was in sight we knelt, and he entered the room blessing us with the sign of tha cross. The prelates and soldiers grouped themselves about the chair, but the Pope did not sit. He walked at once to the head of the line on the right, and as he did so he turned to the people on the opposite side and told them, with a pleasant smile and a quick gesture, to get up from their knees. All stood, therefore, except the first five or six, and as the Holy Father passed along the others dropped by squads when he came near them and rose again when he had passed. One of the monsignori kept a little in advance, collecting the letters of admission and asking each of us in turn whence we came. The ceremony of introduction as performed by this functionary was certainly brief and simple : «« This, Holy Father, is an American ;" " These are French." Then the Pope held out his hand, and each one kissed it. Many he passed without any remark except a murmured " Bless you, my son." To others he volunteered a few cheerful words, and he had some jokes for the nuns at which they laughed long and merrily. There were several persons whom one or another of the prelates in attendance specially commended to the Pope's attention, and with them he held a little conversation. Anybody who chose talked to him freely unbidden, and he always stopped, listened with apparent interest, and answered kindly. A few insisted upon kissing the cross on the front of his slipper, but this is a pro ceeding to which he is well known to have strong objections', and submitted to it with evident impatience. When we had each had our turn the Pope stood in the middle of the room, facing his sixty visitors, who once more dropped on their knees, and made them a little address in excellent French. " I will now bless," said he, " the chaplets, medals, and crosses which you have brought with you, and I give my blessing also to you yourselves, ? praying God to keep you safe from all evils, to-pre I serve you from temporal misfortunes, but above all from the dangers that threaten the soul, and after your journey through the world is ended to take , you to his eternal arms." There was a little more to the same general effect, and then, after invoking " the blessing of God Almighty, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost," he went away, and the audience was over. Audiences are by no means confined to Catholics. People of any faith, or of none at all, present themselves to the Pope and satisfy their curiosity about him, and nobody asks their religious belief. It is only expected that all who come will conform to the ceremonial of the occasion. Two English ladies not long ago, who had scruples about kneeling before a mere man, obtained an audience and remained standing when the Pope approached them. Pius JX took no notice at the time of the breach of etiquette, and treated them with his customary suavity, but in his clos ing address he said : " I will now give you my blessing, and if there are any here who do not value the blessing of an old man, I invoke for them the blessing of Almighty God." The two ladies im mediately dropped unon their knees. At the reception of the Spaniards to-day, it wai generally remarked that the Pope looked wonder fully well and strong. His general health is be yond doubt good, although, aa he recently said oi himself, " One cannot be an octogenarian with im punity." When I first saw him, at the audience 1 have described above, I found in his face and figure as he entered the room, marks of i afir mit j for which I was not prepared. He looks much older than any of his pictures, if I except a single recent photograph, which I believe is not known ir I America. His lower lip droops a little, his eye ha* lost much of its lustre, his head hangs over, and his step is uncertain. His voice, too, al first was tremulous and broken. But ir la few minutes my impressions of his con dition were greatly changed. In conversatior j his whole face lighted up, his speech was firm, his manner was vivacious, be looked no longer a feeble old man of eighty-four, but a hale and well preserved gentlemen of seventy. When he raised his voice to address the whole assemblage the tones were strong and musical, the articulator beautifully clear. He made gestures freely witt both arms, and I noticed that his hand was at steady as if he had nerves of iron. Alarming reports of bis impending dissolution often read the Papal Court-from America and elsewhere but the Pope's friends laugh at them. ' When ] look over certain of the Italian journals withoul finding the news of my last illness and death,' said Pius IX. lately, "it always seems to me as ii they had forgotten something." So far as anybodj can see, his chances of living several years longer are very fair. He has a sturdy constitu tion and a serene temper, and he has always led t regular and simple life. He rises, summer anc winter, at half-past 6, shaves himself, dresses with out help, and spends half-an-hour at prayer at i little private chapel, by way of preparation fo: mass. He never omits saying mass unless he ii sick ; in that case a chaplain says it for him, anc he receives communion. He hears a second masi after finishing his own, and then attends to busi ness. About 9 he takes a bowl of bouillon, or a cuj nf coffee ; the rest of the morning is occupied witl audiences and consultations with the cardinals beads of different ecclesiastical bureaus, an othei officials having affairs to transact with him These despatched, he takes- a little exercisi in the garden, fie dines alone, at 2 o'clock on soup, a bit of bouilli, a single dish o meat with one vegetable and fruit. He follows i universal Italian custom in mingling a little win« with the water that he drinks at dinner. It is i common white vin ordinaire which he buys fron day to day, for he keeps no cellar. The delicaciei which are frequently tent to him all find their wa] to the hospitals. Dinner is followed by a siesta o fifteen minutes, after which he reads his breviary says the rosary, and then walks again, either in th» garden or the Vatican. One of MB commonest re sorts at thiB hour is a beautiful alley shaded bj orange trees, where the pigeons come to be fee from bis hand. He takes great delight in showing himself quicker ot' foot than the cardinals, whe sometimes bear him company, and it is a favourite joke of his to speak ot' Cardinal Patrizi, who ii four years his junior, as " that old man." There is a story here in Homo (and I have reasor to believe it quite true) of the Pope and three of his cardinals being discovered one day in the Vatican gardens playing hide and seek with a little boy, the brother ot one of the noble guards. Before the King came to Borne, Pius IX used often to walk the streets in the after noon, when anybody might stop and speak to him. He returned every salutation and always took off his hat to ladies. Of late a little carriaga has been procured, in which he is driven around the Vatican gardens when he is too lame to walk. His phy sicians are strict in compelling him to take the air at least twice a day. At 5 he resumes work, and gives audiences of a personal or business character until 9. Now that he has grown old " private audi ences" are no longer granted except for important business. Supper consists of soup, two boiled potatoes, and fruit ; and at 10 after a final visit to the chapel, the Pope retires to his chamber. His bedroom is a modest apartment, furnishsd with Spartan simplicity. The stone floer has no carpet, the little iron bed, with hard mattrass, has no cur tains, and there is no fire even in the coldest weather. He has but one other room, a little cabi net or working-office, with low ceiling and plain papered walls, furnished with nothing but a table, two chairs, a couch, and a bookcase. Cardinal Antonelli has lived at the Vatican for the past six years, and, like the Pope, has never left the palace since Victor Emanuel entered Borne. His own resi dence, on the Via del Quirinale, has been partlj demolished in the course of the recent street im provements. While the Pope's health is bette] than ever during his voluntary imprisonment, thai of the Cardinal Secretary of State has been much impaired. None of tile other cardinals have theil home at the palace, but some of them are alwayi there. The Pope often visits St. Peter's iu secret when the gates are closed, and spends some time ii devotion before the tomb of the apostle, when Canova's colossal statue of Pius VI. kneels in per petual prayer. Once, within the pastsix years.he ha visited the church with some of his court, to inspec certain new mosaics ; but to-day. as I have said, i the first time since 1870 that any portion of the oui side public have seen him in his own Basilica, have mentioned his well-known serenity ; " Nevei theless," said he, to somebody who complimente him upon it, " I am not made of wood." On certai political anniversaries, which are supposed to b days of sorrowful reminiscence forthedispossesse ruler of the Pontificial States, it is customary fe members of the Boman nobility to visit him at th Vatican by way of keeping up his spirits. He wa very anxious one day to hear the particulars of ball which his royal successor had given at th Quirinal. " We shall have to prepare tons of hoi water to purify that Quirinal when we get back said ne j " we or those who come after us." -Corres ponaenx jxcio lork Iribune. 