PRIMITIVE METHODIST DISTRICT MEETING. -«, The third day's meeting was opened by the President announcing the 138th Hymn, commencing, "Lord God, the Holy Ghost " The Rev J. S. Dobson and B. Kenny led in prayer. A large number of the delegates were in attendance. The meeting being properly constituted, a point was raised as to whether Messers Willis, Holt, Holmes, and Kimberly could be admitted. It was decided to give them a seat as hearers. It was resolved that the thanks of the Assembly be recorded to Almighty God for the mea- sure of success vouchsafed to the district services of the past Sabbath. All concurred in heartily singing the Doxology. It was placed on record that a special vote of thanks be tendered to the Rev. William Kingdon for his able and instructive sermon delivered on Saturday night last in the Crown-street church, and, further, that he be requested to furnish the editor of the connexional organ with his manu- script, with a view to publication. The Holy Sacrement of the Lord's Supper was administered at the close of the service by Rev.s B. Kenny and C. "Waters to sixty persons. Business being resumed, the 93rd rule, note G, was read, on special cases of re-stationing. A general and interesting discussion took place on the question of circuit and district privileges in this matter. It was decided that the special cases from Sydney second, and Mudgee circuits, as sent by their respective boards for ap- proval, be confirmed. The Assembly then proceeded to the task of stationing the preachers for the current connexional year. After passing the third reading, they stand confirmed in tho following order -Sydney 1st -J. A. Foggon, John Penman, John Lawson (continued), Sydney 2nd-George James, Richard Jennings , Morpeth -"William Sparling, one to be obtained; Goul- burn- Charles Waters, George Smith; Bowrall (circuit mission)- Charles Willis; Camden-William Kingdon; Wollongong-one to be sent, Newcastle - Joseph S Dobson, one to be obtained, Wallsend - Rev. Bernard Kenny, Young - James Spalding, Mac- leay River -Samuel Gilby; Mudgee- James Studds; Paramatta and Liverpool - Jabez Ashmond. A vote of thanks was warmly tendered to the Rev G James, for the very efficient manner in which he has con- ducted the business of Distinct Treasurer during the last five years. The Rev. W Kingdon was appointed his successor, such appointment to take place on March 1, 1877. The meeting appointed Mr John Kenworthy (who was returning to England) to represent the colony as lay-delegate to the coming English conference to be held at Scarborough, Councillor Robson, ot Hull, to be his vice. The Revs J S Dobson and W Sparling are examiners for the current year. Examining Committee: Revs J A Foggon, G James, T Studds, and B Kenny. Mr E Simpson, Mr J Kenworthy, and Rev. J. Studds, are nominated to be placed on the general committee. The delegates composing the district committee are also to be the building committee. The Rev G James and Rev. J A Foggon are appointed to write to the English Conference, requestmg information respecting the deed, draft of which was read at the last year's session, which has for its purport the passing of a short bill through the House, incorporating the trust deed of the colony, which will greatly simplify the holdings 