THE INIYTERY OIF CECIL ROSSE, OIIAPTEIR I. IN the midst of the Black Forost in Germany lies hidden the picturesque village of Zor litz. Off the usual routes of travel, it is aeldoga visited by tourists, and still preserves its t,v .itive simplicity of manners, coatumes, and iving. Its quaint houses on either side o' its two stoeeop and narrow streets re semb., toy-houses of Nuremberg manu faotare. The principal occupations of the inhabitants are the brooding and training of cong-birds and the carving of wooden toys. The annual visits of the agents who purchase birds and toys for the great marts form the principal events of life in Zorlitz. The din and bustle of the great world never pone tratea to this secluded spot; the cares, passions, and anxieties of struggling exist ence in cities and towns are unknown to these simple peasants, who toil patiently, keep their old-time festivals, and live out their quiet lives in the homes they have in herited, content, and even happy in their narrow lot. The principal building in the village is the little wooden Lutheran church, the only house of worship in Zorlitz. It stands upon a hill overlooking the hamlet, and close in its shadow is the pastor's house, a quaint timbered dwelling, with steep roof, many balconies, and wide windows, set in a large garden which in their brief season is ablaze with flowers. The pastor of this little flook a year or two ago was Herr Brooken, or Father Brooken, as he was affectionately called by his people. He was a German, of course tall, gaunt, and scholarly-looking, with gray hair and bent figure, a kindly, simple hearted man, devoted to his books, and find Ig in them and in his charge all that his soul best loved. He had graduated from the uni versity of Gottingen, and had been for some years thereafter a tutor in a noble family in the Grand Duchy of Baden. He had married, when quite elderly, a middle-aged governess who had been employed in the same family with himself; and chance cr providence throwing in his way the pastorate of the little church at Zorlitz, he had accepted the humble charge with thankful ness, and had settled down in this out-of the-world spot to the practice of his minis terial duties and the study of his beloved books. Here he had dwelt twenty years, the father, pastor, and guide of his simple people; here his wife had recently died; and here he hoped to be buried. He was childless, his family consisting of an old housekeeper and a young girl known as his niece. This niece of the old pastor was the idol of the good people of Zorlitz. She tended the peasants in their illness ; she visited the quaint old houses like a sunbeam, bringing with her always warmth and sunshine. She assisted the old school-mistress in her daily labor, instructing the maidens in the arts of embroidery and lace-making, in which she washerself proficient. The children followed after her in her walks, happy in winning her smiling notice. And, more than all, she was the light of the old parsonage, the joy of the old pastor's life-the one being whom he regarded with deep and especial tenderness. One afternoon in June, at the time we have indicated, Herr Brockon'e niece came forth from the little school-house, her self imposed task for the day over, and after making a call upon a sick old woman, began the ascent of the steep hill in the direction of the parsonage. When half-way up the elope she turned aside into the woods, pur suing a shaded path at a leisurely pace, swinging her broad-brimmed hat by its ribbons from her arm, and carolling a Ger man song in a oweet voice that roused the birds to emulation. She was no prim, meek maiden, this niece of the aged pactor's - no patient young woman, content with her lot and seeking nothing better. She was no square-built, heavy-faced fraulein, slow of stop and per ceptions. She was about seventeen years of age, tall, slim, and graceful as a gazelle, with a beauty unmistakably English, and yet more unmistakably patrician. Her forehead was broad and low and very white, and was crowned with masses of crinkling red-brown hair. Her nose was a delicate aquiline; her upper lip short and exquisitely curved, betraying at times an unconscious haughti ness; her mouth tender, sweet, yet often mutinous in its eopression. Her complexion was of a delicate pallor, far removed from all suspicion of ill-health. The crowning glory of this marvellously lovely and spirited face was the eyes, which were large and luminous, of a reddish-brown color, like her hair, and with a golden glint in them-deep, dusky, haunting eyes, just now e=pressiveo of girlish discontent and unrest. This girl, with her wonderful beauty, which would have made a sensation in the Queen's drawing-room with her exquisite refinement of looks and manner that declared her gentle birth and breeding, possessed a grandly generous nature, a warm heart, and impulsive temperament, and withal a per sonal magnetism that attracted every one to her. She had been thoroughly well educated, the good pastor and his wife having gloried in her keen intellect and in her thirst for knowledge. They had taught her various languages of Europe, music, for which she had a positive genius, drawing and painting, and various, feminine arts; but her accom plishmoents were among the least of her charms. The path came out upon a spring whose Ilear pool was shadowed by bonding trees. ?his was a favorite resort of the young girl, .nd shIe at down upon the green bank, the song dying on her lips and a strafige gravity oversprending her face. "0, dear ! " she said, sighing; "I am so tired of this dear, stupid old Zorlitz. I wish that I could see something of the world outside. I have reid of tihe great towns, of different peoples, of life beside which ours is stagnation. I am growing discontented. Must I live here all my.life, and die, and bo buried here, knowing nothing of any better existence ? If it were not for leaving uncle I'd heg to be allowed to go somewhere as governess. But I can't leave him, and he will neivr lonve Zorlitz. And yet I'd give half mny remaining life for a change-if I mipht only ?o somewhero and coo something of the world." Did some mischievous spirit hear her com plaint and resolvo to grout her with ? ]'or i change in her life was close at hand-a dhange greater than even her vivid imagino tion would have dared conceive. That very hour was the last she would ever know of dommonplaco existence. Perhaps it was ae well that she could not read the strange future before her, else ohe might have shrunk from it in terror and misgiving, pre ferring the safe shelter of the Zorlitz par. donage in the depths of the Black Forest to tho whirling vortex, the perils and troubles lying in wait for her in the great " world outside." She was still musing discontentedly when a sudden rifle-shot rang out sharply upon the air-a door went flying past-and a stinging pain in the girl's loft arm sent a thrill of faintness quivering through her. A low cry escaped from her lips as eho realized that she had boon shot. That cry was echoed from the horrified lips of two huntsmen who bounded into the glade and halted abruptly at eight of her. "By Jove!" cried one, speaking in the English language. "A perfect Diana, Glenham! And you've shot her! " The other raised his hand in an imperious gesture, commanding silence, and advanced towards the fainting girl, his countenance still wearing an expression of horror, in which were now mingled a deep pity and keen remorsefulness. The pastor's niece had fainted quite away by the.time he had reached her. Flinging down his unlucky rifle, the young man devoted himself to her recovery with peculiar gentleness and reverence, and with, an assiduity that speedily recalled her to con eciousness. She opened her eyes upon the strangers, blushed vividly, and arose un steadily to her feet, retreating a few paces. " A perfect little queen! " cried the gentle man who had before spoken. " Who would have dreamed of finding ouch a magnificent little beauty in this wilderness! I say, Glenham-" The girl's pale face flushed scarlet. "Pardon," she said, speaking in Eaglish, with an accent as pure as that of the gentle man, " but I understand English." The two young men were for the moment covered with confusion. Then the one who had been called Glenham addressed himself to the young lady, avowed himself the author of her injury, lamented his own awkwardness, and begged to be permitted to examine her arm to ascertain the extent of her wound, and to endeavor to alleviate her suffering. His evident sorrow, his chivalric courtesy, impressed the girl, who quietly gave assent, and permitted him to examine her arm. "My friend, in his chagrin at his awk wardness, has forgotten to introduce him self," said the gentleman who had first spoken. " Permit me to remedy his defici ency. He is Gordon, Earl of Glenham, of Yorkohire, England. And I have the honor to be his very good friend, Maldred Crafton. We came on an exploring and hunting ex pedition to these wilds, little expecting to find hero a fellow country- woman." The young lady acknowledged the intro ductions with a bow, and responded "I fear that I cannot lay claim to the same nationality with yourself. I am Cecil Rosse, the niece of Herr Brooken, the Lu theran pastor of Zorlitz." An increased pallor and sudden compres sion of her perfect lips brought Lord Glen ham hastily to her assistance. She pushed up her sleeve, displaying a white and rounded arm that would have been the admiration of a sculptor, and the young earl shuddered at the gaping, bleeding wound his bullet had made in traversing the dainty flesh. While he bathed the arm in the water of the pool and bandaged it to prevent the further flow of blood, Cecil Rosse our veyed him and his companion attentively. To the girl, reared in that secluded region, seeing beside her aged relative only the rude peasants of Zorlitz, young Lord Glenham appeared a very domi-god. He was strikingly handsome, with a dis tinguiehed presence, tall and nobly formed, with keen, grey eyes, a blonde moutachoe shading a firm, well-shaped mouth which was capable of expressing every shade of emotion, and with a grand head crowned with little, close-curling rings of blonde hair. He was about twenty-eight years of ago, yet he retained a youthful freshness of feeling, wooi chivalrous and noble in the highest degree, and was not only unmarried but he had never loved. His companion, Maldred Crafton, was his intimate friend and distant relative, who possessed a small fortune, was about thirty years of age, and also unmarried. The in timacy between the two men was inexplic able, for never were two persons more un like than Lord Glenham and Maldred Craf ton. His lordship was too noble and un susopicious to discern the real nature of his kinsman, which was ely and acheming, intensely avaricious, and utterly unscrupul ous. Yet Orafton's exterior was plausible and inoinuating; hbe was singularly gentle in his manners; and his black eyes and swarthy features had been too well trained to reveal the secrets of his soul. Cecil flose was not sufficiently skilled in physiognomy to read the charactors of those two men. She only Irnew that she liked Lord Glonham, and with her liking came an instinctive faith in him. As for Orafton, she felt for him a singular distrust and an avereion that was destined to grow and strengthen into a stronger emotion. Whon Lord Glonhlam had completed his emall attempt at surgery, and the wounded arm had booen well bandaged, Cecil Rosesc thanked him courteously and avowed her intention of hastening home. " Shall we accompany you, Miss Rosse ?" said the earl. "No, do not refuse, you are not' able to go alone. The loss of blood and the shock of the accident have been too much for you. Lean upon me-else I shall think that you have not forgiven me! " Cecil took his arm and led the way by the fordst-path in the direction of her homo. A few minutes' walk trought tlhem out upon the steeoop village street and very near the parsonago. As they entered the little gar den-gato the old housoeikeepor, Grotchon, came out to meet them with loud exproc sions of alarm at the evident weakness of her young mistreos. The old woman was but a peasant like her neighbors, but twenouty years' residoensce in the family of the good pantor had given her a ridfinomont that her neighbors lacked, and made her appear somoewhalit above her con ditien. She fairly worshipped the pinstor's niece, and Cecil forced a smile and dis ongaged her arm from its support no oho saBid "Hush, Gretchen, you will alarm my uncle. I am n;,t seriously hurt." She hastened to explain the recant aooi dent, and then invited boher companions to enter the house. "Not now," answerod Lord Glonham. "But we will avail oursolves of your hind invitation to-morrow, Miss Rosso, and call to inquire after your arm and also to pay our respects to the worthy pastor." Hoe raised his hat courteously, and waited until Cecil had entered the dwelling with hor old servant, and then he led the way down to the village. At a little distance from the parsonage Lord Glouham halted and looked back, a. new light in his eyes, a now glow on his face. " You seem to have changed your plans, Glenham," said Orafton, slowly, regarding his kinsman keenly. "There is no inn in Zorlitz, and the peasant who took us in this morning has such beastly accommodation that you purposed going on to-day. Why do you remain until to- morrow ?" The earl turned his glowing face towards his companion. "Do you believe in love at first sight, Crafton ?" he asked abruptly. The swarthy face of Orafton lit up with a sullen glow. A sinister light leaped to his furtive eyes. " Yes," he said, huskily, "I believe in love at first sight." He did not add that his belief was of not an hour's growth. " Then, sinesoo you believe in love at first sight, you will not scoff at me," said Lord Glenham. "I love Miss Rosse, Orafton. I love her as Romeo loved Juliet at their first meeting! As you know, I have never loved before. I have had a glorious ideal which, until now, I have never sooeen realised. Do I seem boyish ? Yet this love, which comes to me late and arouses all the ardour of my. soul, is the one love of my life! Orafton, I will win Miss Rose to be my wife, or I will go down to my grave unmarried ! " " You are hard hit, Glenham," said Oraf ton, with a little sneer. " You don't know who or what Miss Rosse is-" "I'll stake my life on her purity and truth ! " cried the earl, passionately. " For the rest I oars =2othing ! " " She may be of vile parentage- " "I know better. But whatever she is, I love her. I shall stay hero for the present, Orafton. Blessed be the fate that brought me here. And when I go hence, perhaps she may go with me." The two men walked on together, Lord Glenham in a blissful silence, Crafton with his face averted and his features distorted in a malignant expression that would have startled his companion could the earl have seen it. "So he loves her too?" thought Crafton, his soul convulsed with baffled fury. "But he has not won her, and he never shall. For I love her too- this patrician beauty of the Black Forest-and I swear by all that is holy that she shall be my wife. My wife, and not his. He will won her openly; that I cannot do lest he know me for his rival. Yet it shall go hard if I do not undermine him, cause her to refuse him, and then win her for myself. The first thing to be done is to discover how this English-looking and English-speaking young lady happens to be the niece of a German pastor. Ah, my lord, cherish your little fanciesoo, dream your little dreams, while I step in and win the prize before your very eyes! " OHAPTER II. In accordance with his expressed inten tion, Lord Glenham called at the Zorlitz parsonage upon the day subsequent to that on which had occurred the accident we have narrated, and inquired anxiously after the healthof Miss Roess. Hoe was accompanied by his friend, Mldrsd Orafton, and old Gretchen, alter informing them that her young mistress would see them, ushered them into the pastor's study and presence. Herr Bracken arose from his easy-chair and the perusal of a musty old tome to re ceive them. He was about seventy years of age, venerable of aspect, with long, thin, bleached hair, a long, gray board, his eyes concealed by epootaoleos, his mild, benignant countenance wearing an absent look, his en tire appearance indicating the soholar and book-worm. The young earl introduced himself and his companion. The pastor had heard the story of the accident, and received his lord ship's fervent regrets and apologies with kindness, declaring that the wound Ceooil had received was not serious in itself, and had been so well and promptly treated that no dangerous consequences would follow. " Miss Rosso is your niece, I think, she said, Moin Herr," said Crafton pleasantly, his hard, black eyes studying the old book worm intently. "She looks like an Eng glish young lady, and not at all Georman. And she speaks English, I notice, like an Englishwoman. Her name, too, might be English. Pardon me, but my curiosity is quite piqued at finding a young lady of her distinguished appearance and remarkable beauty in a little forest hamlet like this! " The pastor's face olouded. Ho said, briefly, asno if he preferred not to puronsue the subjoect "Osoil's father was an Englishman. Ah," he added with a sigh of grief, " hero comes Cesil herself!" The door opened and the girl eamo in with a gliding stop and a peculiar grace that might have befitted a princess. The young men both arose, and she greeted them with a kIindling flash, and with a quiet, oolf-pos session that charmed them. They had noticed on the previous day that she was attired differently from the peasant maidens of Zorlitz. Upon that morning she wore a simple white gown, which clung to her slim shape in soft foldo, unbroken by ruffle or tuck. A frill of lace Srose about her throat, and frilla of lace fell over Iher small hands. A rose fresoh from the garden serveod as brooch, and her rod brown Ihair crinkleld in masses from her fore bead, falling over her shoulders in ripplesoo that glittered liko gold in a stray beam of sunshine. The impresseion she had made upon the two young men on the previous day was strongthloned and quickened into vivid pasusion during thic socond intor view. When they wont away, the resolvo of oash of the two men to woo, and if pocniblo to win, Cocil Poaso had become the purpoose of their lives. They settled themoselves comfortably at Zorlitz, bunted in the forest, and visited the parsonago daily. Absorbod in hisi booka, the good pastor paid little hood to the visitors, whom Cecooil entertained. Juno deepened into July, and August came and went, and still the Englishmen lingered at Zorlitz. No one but sharp-eyed old Grot ohon suspected that they woro the lovers of "little Cecil," whom the villagers regarded sno little more than a child. No one but old Gretchen caw the change in her young mio treas, but sho rightly interpreted the root lesaness, changoefulneso, the caprioiousncss of Cecil asno indicating a disturbed heart. " She loves the English lord," the old woman said to herself, well contented. "And he loves her. The good pastor in failing-no one can see it but me-but when he dioe the little fraulein will have a grand home and a protector, and will not be driven to earn her own living, as I have often feared!" During these months at Zorlitz, Orafton had made inquiries among the villagers con corning the parentage of Cecil Rosse. He had once or twice spoken upon the subject to Herr Broockon, who had evaded his ques tions, and this evasion had convinced him that there was" some mystery about the girl's origin, but none of the poaoanto could or would enlighten him. It was plain to Crafton that the young earl, with his blonde beauty, was the favored lover of Cecil; but this conviction by no moans damped the ardor of his love or caused him to desist from his suit. "I shall win her !" he said to himself grimly. "I can work and wait. In opite of any obstacle in my path, in spite of Glen ham's beauty, rank, and wealth, in spite of the fact even that the girl loves him and dio likes me, I will win her ! I will devote myself, mind and body, heart and coul, to the taoo-; but if I should fail-as lI hall not-I would utterly destroy the girl before any other should pocnose her ! " The hard, evil look in his oyes attested to the truthfulness of this declaration. It was now the last week in August. One morning as the two young men wandered together in the forest, rifles on ehouldoro, Crafton said carelessly "We'vd been here nearly three months, Glenham. How time flie! Have you thought of your engagemento for Septem ber? You remember that you invited a dozen guests to spend the month at your box in the`Scottish Highlands ?" " I remember, Orafton, although I had nearly forgotton it." " We must go home at once," eoid Craf-' ton, " if you would not insult your invited guests and mortally offend the most magni ficent and the wealthiest woman in England. I mean Lady Trevor of course. Thecharm ing widow is to spend September on her own highland estate adjoining your own, and her castle is to be filled with guents. You're a lucky fellow, Glonham. I fancy that Lady Trevor would not object to ohang ing her name to Lady Glenham." " That is your fancy, Orafton, nothing more," replied the earl, reddening. "I admire Lady Trevor-every one admires her; but as you well know, I have never dreamed of love or marriage until now. Perhaps you are jealous? " he added, smil ing. "I remember that you always ad mired Lady Trevor." " But more particularly her colossal fortune. I am reputed to be very wealthy; but she has the veritable dross, Glenham, and if I had the ghost of a chance with her I might-I might-" Crafton did not finish his centenoo. The leading characteristic of his nature was hi, avarice. For wealth and a brilliant mar riage with one like Lady Trevor he felt at that instant that he might be willing to re linquish love. He put the thought from him, however, as he recalled the imago of the gloriously beautiful girl he loved. "I think," said Lord Glenham, " that I will go on to the village and leave my rifle, and change my hunting-suit, and then visit the parsonage." Hin look declared his purpose. " You will go ' on matrimonial thoughts intent?' Well, good luck go with you, Glenham. You'll succeed. An English earl, with a pedigree tracing back beyond the days of the Conqueror, with a rent-roll of twenty thousand a year, handsome, and all that sort of thing, doesn't stand muoh chance of refusal from a little half-German girl, poor as poverty, and only a Lutheran pastor's niece !" There was a bitterness in his assortion that Lord Glenham scarcely perceived in hio annoyance. " If Miss Roseo should accept me as her future husband, Orafton," he said gravely, " she will do so through no consideration of my possessions-that I know." He moved on with a rapid stop, vanishing down a path loading to the village. Orafton wheeled about abruptly and made his way by a short out to the parsonage. Leaving his rifle outside he. sought the pastor in his study. Herr Brocken arose wearily, betraying a physical weakness that a more observant person must have noticed. "Alone, sir ? " asked the pastor. "Yes, alone," replied Crafton, smiling. ,"My friend will be hero proooieseitly upon a most important errand. You can gaCcso it, porbhap?" Not I," said the ocholar, lookling puzz led. "An important errand ?" "Yes, Mein Herr," said Orafton. "'He will not like moe to betray him, yet you must have noticed his admiration for your beautiful niece. Lord Gtlonham doesiroe to marry Mioss Roco--" "To marry her? Why, eho is but a child! " " She seoms a child to you, no doubt, but Glenham loves her and believes that sho loves him!" The old scholar looked bewildered. Ho passed his hand over hio forehead, and re posated Crafton'o wordo without appearing to understand them. "Lord Glenham comoe of an ancient family, noted for its weaonlth and its pride," remarked Crafton, with the air of a mediator. " He will be a grand match for your niece, Herr Poster. The Glenhamo have all wedded rank and weaolth, and my friend will be the first of his name who has wedded beneath him. For of coureo, Herr Bracken;o, good as your family undoubtedly is, it is no matbch for Globham'c. With his lordship'o intonooe pride, I hope he will never regrot a marriageo beneath him." The pastor pushed his scanty and long lookso away from his forehead with a tromb ling hand. " I thank you for your foronewarning, Mr. Orafton," he said. "Thio taloo mo quite by ourprtso. I lsnosw tiot shat tt lrssye ? you will seek Cooil ''r a little while I will try to command my thoughts." COrfton bowed aenont, and sought Cocil in her own pretty oitting-room, which opened upon the gardon. A little later he took hio leavo. He had coarcoly departed when Lord Glonbhm mado his appooaranco, and was Chown by old Gretchen, in obedience to hio request, into the pastor'o study. The young earl, in manly and straight forward feashion, doclarod to her guardian his love for Ceoil Itosco, and asked permis dion to addroes her an her suitor. "My lord," onid the old noholar, "CeOcil is not your equal in rank. The marriago ie not suitable. She in but a child-far too young to marry." "She in my equal, Herr Paotor--more thou my equal," oxolaimod Lord Glonham. " What are the idle distinctions of rank in a case like thio. She in a lady born and bred. Your family, Ilorr Brooken, an I have hoard you any, ic good and honorable. What more can I aok than that my wife should come from ouoh a family. Ac to her ago, that fault will remedy itself with time. I love her, Herr Pastor-" "Pardon," onid the old pastor, raining his shaking band. "I had not thought to confesa it, but you must know Cecil in not my nieooe-" " Not your niece ?" "She in of English parentago. Can you not guaoo the truth ? She woo cent hero to he hidden from the world." Thoro was a brief oilonoo. Then Lord Glonham aolkeod in a low, pained voieo " Who were her parents ?" "I do not know ! " "I- Cecil Roano her right namo?" "No, my lord. Lioton. Mi.y wife had boon a govornesn, and had had the care of children, ?ihm she dearly loved. But after our marriage, after we had settlod hero, no children came to no, and the good wife pined for tihe sound of baby voices, the clinging of baby arms. And then it woan that Providence cont Cecil to us. One rainy night in autum'n, fourteen years ago, a tra velling carriage drew up before the lighted window of our paroonago, and a man came in bringing a little child in his arms. The man was Eaglish, evidently of the rnnk of agentloman. The child was three years old, a beautifuil little angel, who put out her armo to my wife and nestled in her bosom. Then the man told us that the child had no name, nor'relativeos, no place in the world, and thh'hie wanted her brought up a simple peasant, and that he would pay a oertain cum overy year for bher support if we would keep hte: Th--good wife bogged my con sent, and the man weont away and loft the little one." " What was the man's name ?" " He did not give it," said the panntor simply. " He did not stop in the village. No one anw him come or go. He was not in my bouse ten minutes." " And tho ohild'n name? " "She called hrnelf Pat. She knew no other name-and whether that wan a term of Caressing or the diminutive of some English name, we did not know. So my wife named her Cecil Rosso, after the first pupil the good Franu taught. The history is simple, my lord. You know it well." " loe that man over visited you ineo n?" " Never. But once a year oeman a little packet of money from the London post.nllico without any word. iMy poor, proud COoil For' ho is very proud, my lord, thin little nameloes girl." " Does Cecil know her history ? " "No. I have not dared yet to tell her." "Then keep it a secret still from her. She must never know it. And give her to me, Moir Harr, if she will marry me, and lot me guard and protect her-" "You are goneroun, my lord; but thin cannot yet be. You shall not marry her on a generous impulse. Baeids hebo is too young. Go back to your own country for one year, leave her to me, and if another nummer you still love Cecil, come and claim her. But now you must not npeak to her of love. She is but a child--she i only seven teen." Lord Glanham argued the point with all the energy and ardor of a pnosionatn lover; but the gentle old bookworm was inflezihle. The geed pastor felt that be had right on hbis ide. Cecil wan too young to marry. The earl should have time to nonsider the wisdom of hie poaition, and Lcrd Glonham was forced to aequiooce in his decinion. Cecil wan called in, and the earl took leave of her in her guardion'n presence; His lord nbip's tongue was silenced upon the nuhj;ct of love; hut his eyes told the tale bis lips had bhnen forbidden to utter, and the girl's seal thrilled under bin wornbipping gczc. " I am going away, Cecil," said his lord ship with a tenderness he could not repreos. "I am going home to England; hut I shall return next summer. Good-by, Cooil, good by, my darling! " The sorrow in hotr swet eyes robbed him of his eelf-control. He caught her to his breast and showered kisses on her ture young face in an irrolrepressible agitation. Then gently putting her from him he wrong the pastor's band and dashed from the boune. An hour aInter Lord Glonham and Maildred Oraftoo loft Zerlite on their way to England, the latter promising to himsolf a speedy and cocrnt return. That oevening as tIhe good old pastor cat alone in hia study, meditating upon tho groeat event of the day, a andden misgiving carmo to him, and he asked himself if he had indeed done wisely in aending" away Ceoil's lover. " If I were to di what would boecome of hor?" he asked himself. "And yet hon could I take advanteae of his lordship'c generous love and permit him to marry a girl of unknowon origin without having had time to conaider the matter soberly, and removed from the glamour of her prononce. A year will noon pann. If then he still wiehes to merry her, I will be willing. But yet my mind mitgives me-what may not happon in a year ?" T'he door opened and old Grotochen came in, hlering in one hirnd a lightod candlo, in tIhe other a small packet, upon which wan im prescsed the London postmark. Tboe annual sum of money cent for Ceoil's support by bher unknown guardian had ar rived. The pastor tore open the packor as noon as Gretchen had retired. Two Englise bank notes full urpon his ikneeoo, and a folded shoot of papor, rupon which he snaw hrndcriting, foel loenved them. The old cholalr started, racoiline:, bis Ccatlo foeo lgrowin; trouable?d r:o r,:rplo::d "A letter?" he muttered. "'Th first lotter I oever received from CGcId' former gnordian. What o he hto ?o y to me ? Do,"o hie intend to takn the child from min? IT the long mynrery of fourteon yoars to be cleared aray it last ? (To be continerl.1 {.TO Jg ¢OJt?'l?tgd. 