DESERIBB MELbOURNE. Tlio following i3 an abridgement of a graphic description of the appearance of Melbourne on Cup day. written by " An Eremite" and published in the Argus ; How I came to be lonely wayfarer in tho deserted streets of Melbourne on the after noon of (he Clip Day is, like the miser's charity, nothing to nobody. Perhaps I had been reading jiimnicmmii nn Solitude, and wanted to enter into the spirit of tho work. Perhaps 1 wa3 anxious to comprehend tho feelings of Alexander Selkirk when he was monarch of all Jio surveyod on the island of Juan Fernando:. Perhaps I had a haunting recollection of that'eity in the Eastern story, j the inhabitants whereof had been turned into stone, and I wished to ascertain by analog ius|exper.ence the|impression produced upon the mili'l of the awe-stricken traveller who was the first to invade.the awful silence of its vacant thoroughfare. Perhaps I was afflicted with a morbid desire to rialiso that sentiment of utter isolation from the world which was experienced by tho monk ou one of the mountains of] the Levant, who listened with a lwlf-curious, half-incredulous, air to Mr. Curzoii's matter-of-fact description of a woman. Perhaps I had a vagrant fancy for obtaining a vivid idea of the stillness and desolation of Cyprus, in the 14th century, when the Black Death made » clean sweep of its' inhabitants, : and when captai nlcss and crewless ships drifted away from their, moorings in the port1 and made aimless voyages on their own account up and down tho Mediterranean. Perhaps I am sullen and misanthropical, and derive a morose pleasure from wandering through tho streets of Melbourne on the only daj' in the year upon which, for a few hours at least, one is. tolerably secure of meeting no huinau being of Neither sex. Perhaps! I would like-to! familiarise myself with the aspect which a Scottish city must have pre sented in the good old times on the weary waesomo Sabbath, when it was reputed sinful to stir abroad, and tho stillness ; of death was supposed to bo the nearest earthly approximation to heavenly rest.. I make the reader a present of the whole of those hypotheses, from which he can make his own selection. Enough to say that I stood alo .e in Melbourne on Tuesday afternoon, feeling like a pelican in the wilderness, or a ; shipwrecked mariner clinging to. a houcoop in the midst of a wild, wild waste ef weltering waters, or St. Simeon's StylijeB perched on tho top of his pillar, or a solitary Bedouin urging his cainol across the desert, and discerning no glimpse of a man or ^east in any direction as he scan the dreadful sameness of the glaring round of shimmering sand and burnished sky. When Wordsworth composed his famous sonnet; on London, as seen from one of the bridges at 4 li'clock in the morning, he exclaimed, " Deat God ! the very houses seem asleep, and all that mighty heart is lying still!" But this drowsiness was natural enough at such a time. What is so unnatural and oppressive hero is toseeaU thc houses asleep, and their,, eyes, or windows, " sealed" in slumber, at 4- o'clock in, the afternoon of a working day. And as yon move down the shady side of Collins- street, and stop auto matically before a shop into which on other days you are accustomed to turn about this hour from tho mere force of habit, the silence and impenetrability of the wooden barricade hat shuts you out are quite gruesome, " No dog is at the threshold, great or small; ? pigeon on the roof-no household creature No cat demurely dosicg on the wall - Not one domestic feature. " No human Hguro stirs, to go or come, No face looks forth from shut or open casement; No chimney smokes-there is no sign of home .From parapet to basement." Your footfall on the pavement awakens a hollow, ghostly echo, reminding you of tho sound produced by the four-footed spectro in Bloointield's homely narrative of the Faken liam Ghost; and-you cannot avoid casting a backward glance over one shoulder to make sure that nobody is following you. But where.is ho, she, or it to come from 1 Every body is at Fleniington, or if there be any absentees from the racecourse, they have gone down to Brighton beach to hear what the wild waves and Mr. Yarley are saying, and to indulge in the harmless dissipaiion of a little weak tea and a good deal of strong theology. I can stand in the middle of Bourke-3treet, if I choose, and revolve a complicated problem in metaphysics, and no cart, carriage, cab, or coach will inter rupt uiy cogitations. I can saunter at a snail's pace over the crossings with absolute safety. I could indulge in the wildest eccen tricities, and Mrs. Grundy would never hear of them. She is at this moment trailing the train of her dress upon the lawn in front of the grand stand. ^TEW SHEEP DLSEA.SE.-Referring to the mysterious disease, which has recently broken out amongst the sheep near Tatoom, iti Queensland, the Brisbane Courier rentirksi: _<< Wo learn from Mr. Haly that there has been considerable mortality anion-,' sheep in the neighbourhood 6f Tatoom, from a disease tho symptoms of which are quite new to him. Attached to the stouu.ch and bowels are numerous kernels which are surrounded by a sac charged with a clear fluid. Inside each of those kernels is a maggot or worm, which evidently subsists on the blond of the slu-op, as there have been several cases of blood poisoning amongst those engaged in skinning the carcasses. Mr. Haly haB brought the subject under the notice of the Board ap poi t d to enquire into diseases in animals. Iti.- ..he intention of one owner to destroy the whole of a flock in which this disease has appeared." j BATHING.-Tho Royal Humane Society of: En"laud has published some very seasonable: advico to bathers in the following Avoid5 bathing within two hours after a meal, or when the body is cooling after perspiration, and avoid bathing altogether in the open air if, after being ft short time in the water, th'eie-is a sense of chilliness which benumbs the hands and feeti but bathe when the body is warm, provided no time is lost in getting into the water. Avoid chilling the body by sitting or standing undressed on the banks or in boats after having been in the j water butleave the water immediately there is the slightest feoling of chilliness. The vigor ous and strong may bathe early in the morn ing on an empty stomach, but the young and those who are weak had better bathe two or three hours after a meal. The best time for such is two or three hours after breakfast. Those who are subject to attacks of "idd'iness or raintiiess, and who softer from palpitation and other seizes of dis comfort at the heart should not bathe with out first consulting their medical adviser. FATAL CASE OF SNAKE-BITE.-Tno eldest son of Mr. Philip Ryan, oi Wild's Meadow, Camden, New South Wales, a child seven years of age, was bitten by a snake on Sunday evening, the 28th October (repoits the Scru tinter)" and diud about eleven hours after wards from the ell'ect thereof. The child was found a short distance fr-nn the house insensible, and when brought home castor oil was "iveii vliieh caused violent retching. After this, a quantity of gin w is admini stered, but Uthough the little sullerer rallied, he died on Monday morning. Three marks of teeth were found on the cult of the left lo" and fioui these marks it is surmised that tTio snake was of the black species. When asked by his fatlwr if he had been bitten by a snake, the child replied Daddy, 1 sue the snake." RKU'Eks AM) Br-VDEits.-'The trial of reapers and binders shown at the Ballarat Agricultural iud Pastoral bociety s exhibi tion took pi.io) on Mr. H J. Symons' farm, Wuldie's Cretk, on Saturday last (says the Ballarat Courier), a id tha machines were very successful in their operation. As the m .Chines well# alike in construction, the judges decided to .li.-i.J- the^ prize of i.O be tween the oHM.irs. Messrs. .M I'jtt.m and Co. au l Messrs, T, Robinson and Co., of Mel bourne. 