THE CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS. * This festive season lias again come round, _ bringing -with it the usual sources of enjoy ment. So far as the past fortnight is con cerned, the-weather has not been the real Australian Christmas weather, and it lias presented a strong contrast when compared with that of previous years. However, the appearance of the sky at the time we write gives promise of a|fine day, and, let us hope, for the sake of all those who have made arrangements for enjoying a merry Christ mas, that they will not be in any way dis appointed. The attractions offered to the pnblic are not exactly numerous, but for all that, they will not have any cause for com plaint. To-day, great facilities will be offered to pleasure-seekers desirous of making MARINE EXCURSIONS, for the Bay is to be visited by a number of steamers. The Despatch will leave the Moorabool-street wharf at 9 a.m. for Portar lington, Queenscliffe, and Portsea, returning to Geelcng in the afternoon. The fares to be charged to these places are extremely moderate, and should induce many persons to avail themselves of the opportunity of ob taining a good sea blow. Walker's band will accompany the steamer, and the comfort of passengers has been provided for. The tap will be repeated to-morrow. Should the weather permit, the STEAMER ATHLETIC will visit Drysdale, Clifton Springs, and Portarlington, leaving the Yarra - street wharf at 9 a.m., returning in the afternoon from those places. This vessel will make excursions round the Bay in the • evenings daring the holidays. Those who are afraid to undertake a long trip on the water have a short one. across to the . CERBERUS, the colonial iron-clad man of war, which is lying about a quarter of a mile from the Yarra-street wharf. *The yachts Ariel and Barwon will be at the disposal of visitors, and the return fares are quite reasonable. \- The Cerberns offers great attractions, and those persons who have not yet seen the floating defence of Victoria should not ne glect the opportunity now offered, as the vessel will leave Corio Bay after the holidays. Atrip ROUND THE BAY is to be made to-morrow afternoon by the steamer "Dawn," which will arrive from Melbourne shortly before I o'clock. She will start from the Yarra-street wharf about 1 o'clock ; a brass hand accompanies the vessel, and the trip will only cost a shilling. No doubt an opportunity will be afforded passengers of seeing for themselves the lo cality where it is proposed to form a direct passage from Corio Bay to Port Phillip Bay, for the accommodation oi all vessels visiting this port. At the POINT HENRY TEA GARDENS great attractions are to be offered to morrow. Of course the gardens will be open to visitors to-day, and arrangements have been made with*, boatmen to convey passengers across from the Yarra-street wharf at a return fare of one shilling reach. On Boxing Day, however, the amusement to be offered to the public is of a most varied character. For instance, bowling, quoit P aT1Dg» cricketing, swinging, leaping, and ■untiiy gymnastic exercises can be indulged in by visitors, whilst a number of pedestrian matches have been arranged for, and entries lor the .different events will be -received at the post. The Point is considered to be the fcnest place for a pic-nic parly near to Gee ^ easy of access, and there £is a splendid view to be obtained therefrom.. Pf ™ convey holiday seekers to these gardens at a return fare of 2s 6d each. The ^reetrst^raDfr0mthe MaloP Eyrie THE WaLLINGTON GARDENS ^ S°°d a state of preservation, con drought,* as could he ez fv polenian has been most anxious provi .e extra accommodation for all who SnH popular place of resort, \- . .. Cowberries from the gardens ad Kl r!° SD?,mer house may be ob j^res convey parties at cheap THE ST. PATTJCK/s SOCIETY'S armnged -between the t° Patricks bocieties, and -ii doubt be found to be^fc.f1^ amusement offeredis of a varied Spton; there will be running, jumping,' dancing, hurling,- etc. In fact, persona wishing to pass away a few hours, will be afforded every facility for doing so, and enjoying themselves. Dnriiig the day the Societies* bands and three fiddlers will perform. AT SHELFORD AND.COLA.C . athletic sports "will take place to-morrow. Pretty fair entries for all the events at each place are expected to make: the running ex ,citing.-, Colae offers further attractions, iD the shape of an annual race gathering by the local -Amateur .Tnrf Club. The trains run .right through from Geclong. The morning train from this town leaves at ten minutes to 9 o'clock, and starts from Colac on the re turn'jonrney at G-p.mi, so .that visitors to :the up- country township can have a good holiday there. " . AT DUCK PONDS AND. MORRISONS horse racing will form the principal source of amusement to-morrow. . The gatheringat the latter place is always an event of great importance in . the district, and Geclong visitors are numerous.' ' On this occasion the Duck Ponds Tnrf Club will bold their annual meeting, and in "addition to the horse races there will be athletic sports. , THE GEORGIA MINSTRELS are announced to open at the Mechanics' Institute on to-morrow evening, and they, will give entertainments on the three follow ing evenings. " THE CHURCHES. The decorations at Christ Church are very -tastefully arranged. The interior of this antiquated-looking building looked quite gay last evening, the result of the handi work of several ladies and gentlemen. The congregation attending this church on Christ mas morning always expect to see some decorations which should act as a reminder of this festive season of the year, so uni versally observed in all English speaking communities. On entering the chnrch to day, the first thing to catch the eye of the visitor will be the decorations in the chancel -arxl-on the.pnlpit anil-reading-desk. Be 'neath 'the -chancel window, written -in gold, with a bine back ground, are the words "Emanuel, God with us," whilst <5n the pulpit is a star, and on the reading desk LH.S. On the end walls in the nave are the inscriptions—-"The Com forter, which is the. Holy. Ghost," and "Thon art the King of Glory, O Christ.". The orchestra 'railings and gasaliers are beautifully festooned, the words " Glory to God in the highest" being rather appro priately hung there. On the walls are hung devices of all kinds bound witb'evergreens, whilst the pews in some instances have been decorated. /The Rev. Mr Fawis will con duct- the service this morning;j which will commence at 11 o'clock. -| St Paul's Chnrch will not he behind hand in the way of Christmas decorations, as the interior of that edifice, which possesses every facility for making an attractive display, has been beautifully arranged. The chancel is laid oat with some choice pot plants, and otherwise - decorated. The pnlpit, reading desk, and font, which stand in [a line, are literally covered with evergreens: The front of the pnlpit requires close inspection to ascertain'the amonnt of time which has been bestowed on the fixing of fern! leaves and flower3. The font also looks well, the basin being filled with fnchsias and many other plants whose flowers are of the choicest des cription, From pillar to-pillar on'either side of the chnrch festoons of evergreens have been hung, whilst on the pillars are words making up that appropriate passage of Scrip ture—" God sent forth His Son, and His name was called Jesus." The pews have received the usual decorations. This morn ing at 11 o'clock the Rev. R_ Short will con duct the ordinary Christmas sendee. AH Saints' Church lias always received a considerable share of attention in the way • of - Christmas decorations. This! year the chnrch, which, in the absence of [pillars or. arches, is rather difficult to ornament with effect, will look more than usually attrac tive. The Rev. G. W. Torrance, with a large staff of ladies, were busily employed yesterday in decorating the walls and chnrch furniture. The chancel arch has!received a. great -amonnt of attention. The words—"Glory to God in ,the Highest; oh earth peace and good. will.towards men," are placed on the walL The words are written in devices of several sliapes, the whole being surmounted with a handsome satin star. The lecturu is beautifully, hnng with flowers -and branches, and the pulpit and reading-desk are festooned with lillies and evergreens. Each of the pews has its sprig .of green leaves, and the base of-the win-" dows are adorned with artichokes. Scar let . geraniums • and variegated leaves are placed on points of vantage, and each of the rests for the' arches which Sup port the roof, has its share of flowers. On the walls are hnng numerous devices, and the organ loft looks remarkably pleasing. Altogether,' the church assumes a nice ap pearance, the decorating reflecting great credit on those who have had charge of the work. Three services will be held to-day by the Rev. Mr Torrance. In the morning, at eight o'clock, a communion service will be held ; another service at eleven o'clock ; and the third in the evening, at seven. At St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church the ordinary Sunday services will be conducted to-day by the Ven. Archdeacon Slattery, D-D.—mass at S a.m. and 11 a.m.; vespers at 7 o'clock. At the 11 o'clock service the choir will perform Giorza's No. 1 Mass. The chnrch has been prettily and tastefully deco rated by Miss Mansfield; festoons of ever greens extend from pillar to pillar, and the altars have been adorned with a number of bonqnets of flowers. 