OUK ADELAIDE LETTER. (peom oue own cobeespondent.) Saturday, April 21. Quite a sensation has been caused in town by the resignation of His Excellency Sir William Cairns, who, after two months' stay here, has decided that the state of his health will not allow bim to continue the Governorship of South Australia. The news has created a widespread feeling of regret, as Sir William, who it will be remembered was knighted on coming to Adelaide, has already shown qualities which would have made him a popular man. His resignation has been accepted by the home authorities, and he is expected to leave Adelaide by the next mail steamer for England, where he hopes that perfect rest will restore his shattered health—injured I presume by his residence in Queensland and other hot climates. Chief Justice Way will in all probability re-assume the office of Queen's Representative ; and there is some talk of another judge being appointed to relieve Mr. Justice Stow. Mr. Lavington Glyde, who lost a seat in the Legislative Council by only a few votes, is announced as a candidate for the representation of the District of Victoria in the House of Assembly. Mr. Rupert Ingleby, barrister (and brother to the member who has just resigned) and who also tried to enter the Upper House, is likewise spoken of as a candidate. Of course, my South-Eastem readers are in the locality and will know more about the contest than their " own correspondent" who, however, ventures to record his honest opinion that if Mr. Glyde stands no other candidate ought to have a ghost of a chance and none that I know of would be so likely to do honour to the district and the House of Assembly as well. The return cricket match between Lillywhite's All-England Eleven and Twenty Two of South Australia, was not such a hollow affair as the first contest. The Englishmen were all put out for a total of 75 runs instead of 153 which they scored in one inning's in November last while our men onlytmade-51 && ran a in the two innings. Of course, after the comparatively small score the professionals made, the colonials were pretty confident of beating them in the first innings. But they were disappointed, andit served them right, for a more lamentable display of poor cricket or downright nervousness was never seen on a cricket field. Hill, the fast bowler, sent ten of our jacked South Australian batsman to the right about for a total of nine, runs. Think of it my Narracoorte friends, and consider whether you had not better send a team up here to face such men I If it had not been a little disgusting it would have been funny to see the batsmen going to the wickets and back in mournful procession and in such rapid succession. The innings closed for 71—four runs behind the Englishmen—and of that number J. E. Gooden had made no less than 28 runs by a really splendid example of true cricket. The most noteworthy fact was that fourteen of our foremost cricketers were disposed of for an aggregate—not an average—of four runs! After that, who shall say we have not very much to learn in the way of batting ? In fielding, too, the Englishmen are a thousand times better than our men—and a very great deal superior to the Combined Australian Team against whom they recently played in Melbourne. The Englishmen in their second innings scored 138, but the match ended in a draw, as the colonial team had not time to go in again. Ulyett, the great Yorkshire batsman (and fast bowler), who has made the highest average score during the Australian tour, played one of the grandest innings ever seen in Adelaide. He made 58 runs by easy, graceful, safe, and yet dashing cricket—play which must be seen to be appreciated. Ulyett, who rejoices in the nickname of " Happy Jack" was very popular here and he well deserved to be. He, however, required more money as an inducement to stay here'than our cricketing association can yet aftord. Lillywhite has been commissioned to look out for a " coach" for South Australia. The English cricketers left for England by the mail steamer on Thursday, after a six months' cricketing tour throughout Australia and New Zealand. Their trip has been tolerably successful, though not quite such a'Godsend as they anticipated. Lillywhite told me the other night that, after all expenses had been paid—firstclass throughout and saloon on board ship— each of the Eleven would get £300. This, I think, is very good for six months' "work" for men whose average income as professional cricketers—coaches and general wicket-keepers—in England will not exceed £150 per annum. Besides this, "the man who guaranteed the money" mil clear £1,500. Lillywhite also assured me that they cleared £2,000 each time at the first matches in Melbourne and Sydney, and about £700 on the first occasion in Adelaide, At the beginning of the season, they were doing famously— far beyond expectations; but the New Zealand part of the programme spoiled the " average." They were there two months, and their takings sometimes did not clear expenses. The men seemed to have enjoyed themselves and made friendB here, but few of them talk of, ever coming out again. Still the soundness of the spec assures me of its repetition in a few years. ... A boat " accident" which is likely to have cost two men their lives, took place in early morning of Tuesday last. The names of the men are James Pickup and Cornelius Kellard. The former was a seaman left in charge of the Thomas and Annie, ketch, now lying off the Glenelg. Towards midnight on Monday the men, who had been drinking, essayed to reach the vessel in a small dingy. The night was dark, the weather boisterous, and the sea rough. When about to start from the jetty steps one of them lost his hat, and the other in trying to pick it up fell in. An alarm was at once raised, and the police informed, and active steps were being taken to fish for the body of the man, when he turned up and surprised thrfse who were searching for him—having swam ashore in his clothe. " So far," as one of the penny-aliners has it "the comio element waB in the ascendant." But unfortunately the men had more drink, and at two o'clock in the morning they again tried to reach the ketch. This they failed to do, and they have never since been seen, though a j most active search for them has been carried on both ashore and a few miles up and down the gulf. They had no food in the boat; the weather has been very boisterous since their disappearance, and any number of large sharks have been seen " prowling" about the shore; so that their chances of turning up again are very remote. Murders and outrages 3eem to be pre- j valent just now. Another murder and another manslaughter occurred during the past week. The capital offence was committed at Wallaroo on Tuesday morning, the victim being an assistant bailiff named Robert Woodhead, who was stabbed by Charles Streatman whilst in the execution of his duty in the house of the latter. The stabbing took place at 2 o'clock in the morning and the victim died two hours afterwards. The reason for the commission of the offence is not clear. Streatman was " tipsythat seems to afford the only elue to. the cause of the sad affair. The manslaughter case to which I have referred is a very different affair.—more common, though in reality not less horrible, The victim "is only a wife," named Mary Miles, whose "husband" has been committed for trial on a charge of accelerating her death by illusage. The steamer Ulysses broke her shaft and lost her propeller 500 miles from Singapore, but she was safely towed back. The marriage of the King of Spain with the daughter of the Duke of Montpensier is announced. Obituary—Lord George Gordon, Hon. R. Hely Hutchison, Dowager Viscountess Mountmorris, Hon. Mrs. Bathnrst, Lady Gambier. Shortly after 6 to-night a serious explosion of gas happened in an underground room of the General Post-Office. The noise was heard for a considerable distance, and a good deal of damage was done to the windows and the lower part of the Post-Office. A policeman in the vicinity of the explosion was somewhat bruised. Captain Osborne, of the steamer Emu, had a narrow escape from being poisoned at Port Pirie on the night of April 15, having taken laudanum in mistake for tincture of tThubarb. He promptly took, emetics,, and is. now out of danger. The iron dipper, City of Fbochow, recently stranded on Flinders. Island, has been purchased at auction. by Ferguson and Kitchingmans for £500. It is expected that the whole of the ship's working gear from truck to waterline will be recovered. Pooley and Bramhall, who. left Hew j Zealand by the Rrogaroemai, for Melbourne, have been presented by their Christchurch friends, witk 5.0/ guineas. Pooley was also presented; wfilhi a. gold ring 