THE LAST OF THE VALOIS. On- the banks of the Loire. The bright river gleaming in the sunshine, and rolling through the arches of the ancient bridge — over which frowns the great castle of Amboise — not yet deformed by the builders of Louis the Great, but rejoicing in a wealth of architectural beauty ; the stern Norman features of the stronghold throwing into relief the florid richness of the Renaissance. As the sun descends, Bteeping the lofty castellated rook in crimson and purple — at the close of this glorious July day of the year of grace 1 559 — the little bright-eyed, black- haired girl, gorgeously dighb in a dress stiff with gold and pearls, knows little of the terrible event which has left her to be the plaything and the tool, by turnB the prey and the lure, of Catholic and Huguenot, of mother, and brother, and husband. Her father, the great King Henry the Second — name forgotten since, were it not for a certain beautiful kind of pottery — has fallen a victim to the luckless lance of Montgommery ; and France is left in the weak grasp of a gentle, smooth-faced lad known to historians as Francis the Second, and celebrated, poor boy! for nothing, save as having been the first husband of Mary Stuart. The little girl at Amboise has been a pet of her handsome, sad-looking father, and of her loug-headed mother, Catherine de Medici. In the old happy days of triumph, while the victories of Metz and Calais, aud successes in Italy, made the French king deem himself a thunderbolt of war, Henry ofttimes dandled his daughter on his knee, and asked her why she preferred of her little playmates the youthful Guise to the bonnier Beaupretpi — a question fully answered in later and sadder days. Unluckily for the little girl, she is pretty, and, luckily or unluckily, is clever. Fated to be the last of the intellectual race of Valois, she is second to none of them in the accomplishments of the time. Skilful instruc tors are opening her mind to the literary masterpieces of antiquity. Unhappily, her school, if brilliant, is far from pure. The taste of the court of Catherine de Medici is formed on the model of M. de Ronsard, whose ditties are over-much giv.eu to the passion of love. A chaDge comes over France as the little girl grows upward. The writings of the rollicking author of Pantagruel, and the bitter satires of the friends of Ronsard, have raised a storm soon to break in a crimson shower. Persecuting Francois, gloomy Henry, and poor little Fraugois the Second are gone, and under the rule of the livid, hectic yotth, Charles the Ninth, with his smooth face and snaky look, the " taint of Huguenotry" has spread far and wide. Little Marguerette, who has been brought up "bonue Catholique," uudergoes all kinds of persecutions at the hands of her brother, the Due d Ale agon, who, " infected" with Protestantism, burns her old-fashioned books, and leads his poor little sister a dread ful Lfe. The court of France is really playing a double game, the queen-mother being the reigning spirit. On the one hand is orthodoxy — and the whole power of the House of Lorraine — hateful to the Valois. Against orthodoxy and the Guises skilful Catherine covertly encourages the chiefs of the Hugue nots, aiming to secure by this Machiav liau policy the predominance of the Crown — not to be accomplished till three-quarters of a century later by the genius of Richelieu. Little Marguerite grows apace in these troublous times, increasing iu beauty and the consciousness thereof. Lang before there is any question of marrying her, there are rumours thafc she has faithful servitors — .lordliugs who wear her colours, and enjoy the reputation of possessing her affections. First among these shines, in all the bravery of corrt favour, the handsome Balzac d' Entraigues — the " bei Autraguet" — dainty minion of Marguerite's brother, the Due d'Aujou — a slender, graceful mau, with delicate, well-cut features of quiet concen trated expression ; one of those self-contained men, full of courage, vice, and intrigue, who have left cheir names in letters of blood on the page of the Renaissance ; a dandy, too, of the first water, shaved and curled, perfumed aud essenced, till he sheds an aroma of gallantry around him — a dangerous admirer for a young princess of volcanic tendencies. But his web is sood spun, as he, with Qudlus and others of the same type, follows bis master to the kingdom of Poland. The reception of the Polish ambassadors is made the occasion of a brilliant; fete, at which, of course, Marguerite is present iu a wondrous dress of velvet incarnadine glittering with spangles, blazing with precious stones; her head — already decked, alas! for vanity — in one of the "dainty blonde wigs" that she loved to her dying day. The raven locks are hidden, aud the hazel eyes shine oat under a remarkable head-dress, also of crimson velvet, decked with feathers, diamonds, and pearls. A very beauteous Marguerite indeed, and soon furnished with a new lover — no other than her early playmate, the Due de Guise — the dark-visaged, scarred one ; the famous soldier who, when threatened, said proudly, " They dare not!" A well-matched couple this, " le Balnfrd" being anxious to wed -a daughter of France. Guise, backed by the whole. power of the papacy, is 6troiig enough to break off the projected marriage between Marguerite and the King of Portugal: but is forced to bend to the policy of the queen- mother. Catherine will not see the hated house of Lorraine, already, to her mind, far too strong, strengthened yet more by another alliance with a daughter of France. It may not be ; aud the handsome lovers are advised thafc their destiny is different. The scarred one, terrified by the menaces of the king, marries at once a handsome widow — the Princess de Porcian — who gives him no little trouble as time rolls on. Hapless Marguerite, like another, but by no means spotless, Iphigenia, is destined for another fate — foreshadowed at a famous meeting on the confines of France and Spaiu. .Never was a fdfce more brilliant than this held to celebrate the interview between Queen Elizabeth, consort of Philip the Second, her mother, Catherine, and her brother, Charles the'Ninbh. The Island of Aiguemeau on the Adour has been metamorphosed into a fairy palace, surrounded by lofty trees, under which lurk snug parties of ten or a dozen, the royal table at one end of this sylvan palace being elevated on a dais of four steps of emerald turf. Around these' tables hover attendant shepherdesses, dressed in satin and cloth of gold, in the costume of all the various provinces of France. As) the state barges, draped in costly stuffs, emblazoned with the royal device, approached the island to the sound of sweet instruments, and the song of mermen and mermaids, the island shepherdesses dance after the manner of their respective provinces — the Poitevines, to the skirling of a bagpipe ; the Provengales, to the clash of cymbals ; the Burgundians, to" the pipiug of the oboe ; the Champenoises, to the fife and tabor ; the Bretonues daucing the most vigorously of all. Danciug over, there enters a band of musical satyrs and "lovely nymphs, but " envious fortune being unable to endure so much glory," a heavy storm, accompanied by a deluge of rain, descends upon the fairy isle, scattering the gay company, and driving them to their boats for shelter pell-mell — a retreat giving rise to many comical adventures, and more queer stories of the general confusion of partners. One couple, however, is well matched, but they hardly laugh, these two, nor is their apparel so bravely decked with hright colours and sparkling gems as that of the giggliug dames and forward gallants who hurry to the water-side. Neither of these serious persons is of French birth. The woman, large-eyed and large-nosed, is a genuine Medici; the man is lean, haggard and ascetic-looking, wearing a face as the face of Don Quixote. These two have come to an understanding — the Woman having at last yielded to her com panion's energetic remonstrances. Catherine de Medici and the Duke of Alva have decided on the destruction of the Huguenots ; not yet for a little while- till the suspicions of watchful Jeanne d'Albreb are quieted for ever, and " my plump Madge" shall catch them all — her charms proving very lime-twigs to the accursed heretics, and her gentle voice as the whistle of the fowler: " Plump Madge" declares herself not averse to the Portuguese marriage scheme, which Guise and Philip the Second contrive to strangle between them, but secretly plots to secure her alliance with tbe Lorraine prince, till the news of his wedding with the Princess Porcian awakes her from her dream of love and ambition. Her fate is already decided by the .stern mother, who plays her children like pawns on a chess-board — so long as they permit her. She had an easy reign over poor gentle Frangois, but sullen, way ward Charles is more difficult to deal with. The grim plot, arranged to the sound of fife and tabor on the island in the Adour, is not to be communicated to him on any account till it is ripe for , execution. Meanwhile,- the queeu-mother urges him to strengthen his own bauds by marrying Madge to the young King of Navarre— the son of Jeanne d'Albret and Antoine de Bourbon— a prince with " more nose than kingdom," the famous ancestor of long lines of kings. His chance of the French crown looks remote enough just now, for between him and it stand three brothers- of the Valois — Charles, Henry, and Frangois, Due d' Alengon — butstrong-minded Catherine has oue weak point ; she is superstitious to a fabulous degree, and is sorely troubled by the horoscope of Navarrese Henry, which de clares that he will " reign in France." Superstition and worldly wisdom are both served, by securing the fox-faced Huguenot as the husband of Madge. Charles is not sorry to acquire an ally of his own. Between his mother aud the Guises — his too-powerful relatives — and his rebellious Calvinistic subject, she is often lashed iDto fits of ungovernable fury, and bitterly bewails that no human being loves or cares for him, sare only gentle Marie Toucheb. As is his wont, this wild hunter of beasts and men, once seized with a project, pursues it to the end with savage vehemence. But there are obstacles to be overcome — obstacles even to the furious will of the Most Christian King. The Pope, still occupy ing the centre of the European Tapestry, is horror-struck at the proposal to wed a Catholic princess to a heretic leader, and the consent of the Pope must be gained, for Fenry and Marguerite are, in a fashion, cousins, and undoubtedly within the limits forbidden by the Church. The Pope refuses a dispensation, and, moreover, sends his cardinal nephew to dissuade the king from his monstrous project. But another coun sellor has the ear of Charles — one singularly out of place in the giddy court of Catherine — a grave, sad-vi3aged gentleman, the famous " Admiral" CoUigny, who i3 quite won over by the arts of the Italian, and is anxious to pacify France by marrying the "fox of Beirn" to "plump Madge" as quickly as possible. A valiant and skilful soldier this admiral, but over simple-hearted and truthful to contend in political intrigue with the pro fessed students of the Florentine. Carried away by the real sincerity of the king, and the pretended heartiness of the Due d'Aujou aud the queeu-mother, the bra re old warrior persuades Jeanne d'Albret to join the court at Blois — gay. brilliant Blois — the summer palace of Francois I., with its great exterior staircase and ancient hall of the estates. Blois is especially joyful just now, glancing coquettishly down on the smiling Loire. Its" quaint streets and lofty, narrow staircases are swept by the " vertugadins" of merry dames and damsels — for it is the humour of the strange Italian that all should be bright and mirthful around her, as if to intensify the the darkness within. While forming the centre of her bright bevy of dames and their circumambient gallants, Catherine love3 a joke, and is no bad hand at quip aDd crank, merry conceit, and highly-seasoned repartee. But when the fete is over, she turns from the gorgeous figures which wave to and fro on the arras, and bending her steps towards a remote part of the ancient castle, after climb ing many stairs, reaches the lonely turret projecting over the church of St. Nicholas. It is the observatory emp'oyed, not with any scientific purpose, but purely as an instru ment for interrogating the obstinate stars which persist that Henry of Navarre will " reign in France." The Queen of Navarre, who, reluptanfcly enough, has come to this giddy court at the entreaty of the admiral, is grievously shocked at all" that she sees and hears, for the language of the court dames and gallants is happily new to the Puritan Jeanne. Billingsgate and St. Giles's are names that convey but a faint idea of the "joyous remarks" and the " pleasant sayings" current at Blois in this bright springtide of 157\. Feted and caressed by the king and his mother, wary Jeanne yet fears to bring her son to a place horrifying to every senti ment of decency. More difficulties arise. Catherine wishes the wedding to take place at Paris according to the Catholic rite. Jeanne objects to the mass, and insists on the ceremony being performed in some city less inimical to the Huguenots. Pending this debate Pope Pius V. dies, and is succeeded by Gregory XIII., who displays more flexibility than his predecessor, but yet hesitates, till Charles loses all patience, and tells tha .Q teen of Navarre one day, "My aunt, I honour you more than the Pope, and love my sister more than I fear him. I am not a Huguenot, but I am not an ass. If the Pope plays the fool too long I will take Madge by the hand myself, and see her marred in full conventicle." Just as the marriage contract is signed the Queen of Navarre dies — some say of pleurisy, others of poison — but nothing is now allowed to impede the ceremony. The scene changes to old Paris — not the Paris of St. Louis, nor thafc in which luckless English Henry was crowned " despite of foes," but the Paris of the ruthless Renais sance. The castellated dwellings of the Middle Ages have developed into the hotels of great seigneurs— fortified more or less, and crammed with gentlemen armed to the teeth. A strange mixture of splendour and squalor this good city of Paris. Tall gabled houses nod towards each other over narrow streets ankle-deep in filth, with no approach of draiuage save an open gutter. Gloomy passages and dreary alleys slink from the .light of heaven. Thieves abound, though what they find to steal is a mystery, as after dark no honest citizen ventures abroad, lest he should be waylaid and plundered by the professional robber, or killed, out of pure jbyousness of heart, by the gay gallants iu search of adventures. The gallant is as unlike the person depicted by writers of romances and operas as can well be imagined. He is splendid, but by no means clean, ior the silken hose which adorn his nether limbs have previously been worn for a week or two by his inamorata, thafc they may comfort him the more, aud awake his mind to deeds of chivalry. He by no means flings his cloak around him -and issues forth armed ouly with his trusty rapier. Not he. The gallant on the way to a rendezvous is iu his fashion a prudent man. Beneath his doublet of satin, slashed with the colours of the lady of his heart, lurks, for the better preservation of that organ, a finely- worked shirt of mail. His rapier, of portentous length, is supple mented by a long, left-handed dagger. Before him walk page3 with flambeaux, and a stout mau-at-arms, pike or arquebuse in hand. Behind and with him come two or three, or, if he be a great man, a dozen trusty friends to see him through his adventure. These chivalrous times are curiously practical when seen in contemporaneous tapestry. 'That terrible seeker of amorous adventures, the young King of Navarre, never stirs out of his room to perambulate the long corridors of the Louvre, where he is as yet only a guest, with out a pikeman, for the way is short from the boudoir to the grave. The thing known as fair play is not yet invented, and man smites his enemy when and where he can take him at a disadvantage. The atmosphere of Paris is heavy with rumours. There is talk in council aud ruelle, and strange conferences are held between mighty chiefs of the faction of the Guises and the provosts of the great guilds of the good city of Paris. Apart, aloof from these, the Huguenots shiver in their fortified hotels, for there is a scent of blood in the air, and the chiefs un vanquished iu the field talk strangely of being led into a 'mousetrap. And yet these wary warriors have come hither on an occasion more fitting for silken favours than buff jerkins. They are bidden to a wedding banquet. . . Henry of Navarre, still in mourning, has arrived in Paris, in the early days of August, at the head of a gallant traiu of eight hundred gentlemen, the flower of the Huguenot nobility. On the seventeenth of the month the betrothal takes place at the Louvre. On the following day the marriage is celebrated with "maimed rites" by the Cardinal de Bourbon. A strange scene. Not within the sacred fane, but outside the Cathedral of Notre Dame, a huge structure has beeD erected of wood, carved and hung with cloffi of gold. Henry of Navarre — his mother two months dead — lays aside his mourning, aud appears with his eight hundred gentlemen in brave attire of velvet, satin, and cloth of gold, strangely piuched and slashed in the latest mode. Marguerite herself — splendid. aDd conscious of her splendour — " dressed iu ro V.1 robes, with a crown and bodice of ermine, glittering with the jewels of the regalia, aud the royal mantle of blue, with four ells of train, carried by three princesses." Plump Madge, looking very handsome and triumphant, to be made a wife aDd a queen at last — albeit to a husband whose neighbour hood is unsavoury to those of delicate nostrils — people shouting and crowding to suffocation, while the bride hears mass, and her husband waits outside. Then come fetes snd dances, jousts and junketings, masques and merry- makings, the bells of Paris ring ing out a merry peal — prophetic enough to some sharp ears of the tocsin of St. Germain l'Auxerrois. Captain Blosset — a Burgundian Huguenot, distinguished by his valiant defence of Yezelay against the Catholic army — calls one morning on the admiral, and asks permission to go home. " Why," asks Coligny, " why are you in such haste ?" "Because they mean no good to us in this place." " What !" shouts the admiral, " do not you believe we have a good king ?" " Too good ! Too good to us by far ! That is why I want to go away; and, if you would do as I do, M. l'Amiral, you would do good to yourself and to the cause." It is impossible to keep the sharp Bur gundian, who takes to horse and away. Hardly is he clear of Paris, than Maarevert's pistol-shot reaches the doomed admiral. Angry remonstrances and many threats are made by the Huguenots, and, at last, the king is told that he has no option, that his enemies are delivered into his hands, and that he may not let them go. This is a fear ful time for a bride in the first week of her honeymoon. Everyone whispering) none telling her anything. Suspicious Huguenots avoiding her because she is Catholic. Catho lies keeping their lips close, because she has married a Huguenot. Left to herself, she creeps into the ceremony of the " coueher" of the queen-mother, and feeling very ioDely aud wretched, sits down upon a coffer beside her sister Claude, Duchess of Lor raine, also very, very sad. The two youug women sit, hand in hand, silently and wretchedly enough, in the great dimly- lighted room, hung with tapestry depict ing the martyrdoms of saints. At last the queen-mother perceives Madge sitting sorrow fully with her sister, and commands her to go to bed. ' A3 she makes her curtsy, her sister Claude seizes ber by the arm, aud, weeping bitterly, cries, "Oh, God 1 my sister do not go !" Madge is more frightened still, till Catherine flies into a passion and forbids Claude to tell her anything. The Duchess of Lorraiue then flies out and declares that her sister shall not be sent to the sacrifice ; that the Huguenots will revenge themselves upon her. Nevertheless, the old queen is firm. The absence of Madge would give rise to suspicions. Her place is with her husband. Driven from her mother's presence, she seeks her husband, whom she finds already in bed, surrounded by thirty or forty zealots of his party, talking loudly of the attempt to assassinate the admiral, and resolving, the next morning — alas ! for them, that next morning — to demand of the king that justice shall be done on the Guises, as otherwise they will " take the law in their own hands." Thus passes a night sleepless and of utter misery, the words of her sister Claude ringing ever in Marguerite's ears. As day breaks, her husband rises to go and play tennis till King Charles is awake, the weary woman tells her nurse to close the door, and sinks into a feverish sleep. The awaking is frightful enough. There is loud knocking at the door and cries of " Navarre ! Navarre 1" The nurse, thinking it must be the King Henry, opens the door, when in rushes a mau streaming with blood, with arm and shoulder cut and slashed, and clings to tbe young queen — as frightened as he. Four archers pursue this M. de Lcran into the very nuptual chamber, and are only restrained from killing their man by "M. de Nancay, captain of the guard, and a right merry, jovial gentleman, who laughs heartily at the comical picture of the wounded man holding fast to "plump Madge," and his four bloodhounds eager to tear him down. These worthies got rid of, jolly M. de Nancay remains with Marguerite, and "while she changes her dress, being all covered with blood," tells her all about the merry jest iu action this fine August morning. First he grants her the life of M. de Ldran, whom she stows away in the dressing-room till his wounds are healed, and then quiets her fears concerning her husband, assuring her that he is safe enough with the king iu his cabi net, where, by the way, is also the Prince de CoDd — the king offering the choice of " mass, death, or Bastille." Covering Marguerite's shoulders with a mamle, pleasant M. de Nancay tell3 her not to be alarmed, that they are ouly killing all the Huguenots except her husband, and conductsher to the chamber of her sister "Claude, where she arrives " more dead than alive." Just as she steps into the ante chamber, she sees another gentleman pursued by the archers, and struck with a halberd within three paces of her royal person. Without, make themselves heard the rattle of arquebusades, the clash of swords, the triumphant yell of the white-scarved crusa ders, aud, now and then, the defiaut roar of a knot of old soldiers who, despite chaius aud barriers, pike aud guu, cut through their enemies and get clear off", while above all tolls the great bell of the church of the Auxerrois. Auother fold of the tapestry shows us Marguerite and the "kinglet " her husband, prisoners rather than rulers, as ornament to the court of Charles and his successor, Heury — quickly returniug from Poland at the news of his brother's death. There are schemes to effect the escape of the "fox of Beam," but they are long unsuccessful, costing also the lives of Coconuas and La Mole — regarded, perhaps, with too kindly an eye by Marguerite! Then comes the famous hunting-party at Senlis and the escape of the husband, Margue rite being still at the court of Henry III. out of favour, too, with husband and kiugly brother, and plotting with the Due d'Alencon, her younger brother— but yet the ornament of society in the best period of the Renais sance. A period of charming costume and of culture excessively elegant, when compared with all that preceded it. Yet, with all this beauty and elegance, the age is full of savagery. The famous duel of the migunns will bear witness to this. It is true their hair is frizzed, the beard plucked from their soft chins, their ears pierced aud jewelled, and their ruffs so vast that the head of a mignou " resembles that of St. John the Baptist on a charger but they are always ready with the steel, and die violent deaths almost to a man. So doss their master, who, with all his vice and effeminacy, his look of ineffable weariness and scorn, his masks lined with almond paste to preserve his complexion, his love of female attire—" black satin slashed with white, puffed aDd pinched, laced and frilled "—his hair dressed m two arches, k k Marie Stuart, his blackened eyebrows and face painted, is yet brave as a lion, as the red fields of Jarnac and Moncontour can testify. The Queen of Navarre is, for the time being, greatly smitten by the splendid figure of Louis de Clermont, better known as Buesy d'Amboise — the favourite of her younger brother — one of the ablest captains, and certainly the greatest swaih-buckler, of his time. All the time he can spare from love- oiakiDg he devotes to quarrelling and fight ing. The king's " mignons " are the par ticular object of his attack. He misses no opportunity of insulting them both by word and deed. He loves to dress his own lackeys as richly as the kiug's favourites, and to go himself in attire of the severest simplicity. Marguerite's too susceptible heart is occupied by this paladin, who wears her colours — to wit, green and gold, white and violet — openly. Bussv comes to court from the wars covered with glory, meet Marguerite on her return from a journey to Spa, and delights the heart of that; princess, whose undisguised admiration of him is a fertile subject for those sarcastic young gentlemen — Queius, Saint-Luc, Livarot, Mangiron, and Saint- Megrin. To do Bussy justice, he is abundautly provided with wit— not of the delicate, high- dried kind, but rough and full-flavoured, strong military wit, as it were. Two or three attempts are made to a»sassinate him, but in vain. Impunity makes his tonene wag all the faster. Handsome, curly-baired Qudlus — daintiest and bravest of the " mignons " — is his especial butt, never spared either before the throne or the altar. At last things come to such a pas3 that the king, insisting on a formal treaty of peace, compels the two enemies to embrace in Ws presence, but only provokes from Bussy one of his odd strokes of buffoonery. Nevertheless, the quarrel is patched up for a while, Bussy, and other friends of the king's brother, leading a joyous life with the royal mignons, whose life is one perpetual feast — merry, indeed, as it need be, for fate has decreed that it shall be short enough. The court is on the best terms with the great citizens of Paris, who give entertain ments three or four times weekly. Lent is given up to these amusements, which prove too much for a worthy churchman — the Cardinal de Guise, better known as the "Bottle Cardinal" — a fine specimen of gour mand and gourmet, " who meddled with no other matters than those of the cellar and the kitchen, which he understood very well — fat better thau those of church and state." A few more bright threads in Marguerite's web of life, and then all i3 dark iu hue and coarse in fibre. The king has determined to establish, or rather, to revive, the Order of the Holy Ghost — to found an order of knighthood in honour of his sister. This Order of the Holy Ghost, new to France, dares from the year 135o, when it was founded at Naples by Louis d'ADjou, King of Jeru salem, a descendenfe of the brother of St. Louis, whose statutes are extant, and came into the possession of Henry at Venice — a gift of the Serene Republic to the King of Poland. It is the first day of the new year, 1579, and the ceremony of inauguration is celebrated with great pomp in the church of the Augustines, magnificently decorated for the occasion. The chevaliers and knights-commanders are gorgeous to look upon. They are clothed in a barret cap of black velvet, ponrpoint, aud "trunks of cloth of silver, shoes and scab bard of white velvet, a great mantle of black velvet, embroidered round with fleurs-de-lys in gold, with tongues of fl-ime intermingled, and the king's cypher in silver thread, the lining of orange satin. Over this mantle, iustead of a hood, they wear a mantelet of cloth of gold, also enriched with fleurs-de- lys, tongues of flame, and cypher like the great mantle. The collar of the order is formed of the king's and Marguerite's cyphers, interlaced with fleurs-de-lys and fiery tongues. From this hangs a cross of gold, of marvellous work in gold and enamel, in the middle of which is a white dove — the emblem of the Holy Ghost. A great grief now oppresses Marguerite. The career of Bussy comes to an end. Fight ing appears to agree with him, hut letter- writing brings him to grief. In a moment of confidence he writes a letter to the duke, his master, telling him that he is in pursuit of the " doe of the king's grand huntsman." The duke — false and fickle ever, aud just now very weary of his too active partisan — shows the letter to the king, his brother, who detesting Bussy, reads it aloud to the grand huntsman himself — Charles de Chambre, Couut of Montsoreau. This gentleman hies him to hi3 castle of Montsortau, near to Saumur, and compels his unhappy countess to write a letter to Bussy. inviting him to visit her there. Arriving at midnight, he is assailed by Montsoreau and a dozen bravoes, and after a desperate combat, fought out a long as a bit of his sword remains in the hilt, he is finally slain, after killing several of his assailants. Marguerite, inconsolable for a while, rejoins her husband at his little court at Nerac, and, allowed to act as she pleases, is the most complaisant wife in the woi;ld. But, as Henry ot Navarre develops into Henry of France, he determines to divorce " plump Madge," now more thau plump — with great fat cheeks, enormous shoulders, and goggle eyes set in a bald pate, crowned with a golden wig, shorn from the skulls of a "icore of blonde lackeys." No longer resplendent at the great court of Paris, or the little one of Navarre, she keeps state, sorely straitened for cash at times, at the Castle of Usson. Years, luxurious and inglorious, pass by, and agaiu the lst of her race descends upon Paris ; no longer a wife, but divorced, and takiug it iu such good part, that she is present at the coronation ot her successor — Marie de'Mediei. Eighteen years have improved neither "the looks nor tha morals of the ex-queen, who lives iu creat splendour at her palace iu the Rue de Seine. But she is true to her destiny, and brings death to the favourites of her old age, as to the lovers of her youth. Bewigged aud bepainted, th« old woman lives out an exist ence divided between devotion and dissipation., She outlives all — parents, brothers, husband and lovers — and dies " greatly regretted as a princess, full of goodness and good intentions, who only did harm to herself." Saint Denis claims her body, but her heart — still at last — is deposited at the Convent of the Sacred Heart, of which she was founder. Thus, in the year 1615, fades out this notable figure of the last daughter of a royal house — famous and infamous as that of Pelops. 