SCIENTIFIC & USEFUL. I | Growth of the Earth. — It is sta tling news, ex claims the Sussex Daily News, which Mr. Proctor has just communicated to us. The earth has not done growing yet, though it is old enough to have reached its time of stagnation. It feeds on meteors, and these must, of course, at last increase its bulk. Few people hare imagined that the earth is eating every day, and that by the end of a year it has taken no less than 400,000,000 meteors into its constitution. Yet Mr. Proctor answers for this. He says that the shooting stars are simply meteoric stones falling to the earth, and that they are falling at the rate of m. re than a million a day. But there are small signs of obesity in our globe as yet, because these 400 millions a year would need to go on for millions of years before another foot can be added to the earth's diameter. By that ti ne, it is probable that the earth will have come into co'li-ion with one of those blazing suns which now appear periodically in the heavens and go r.ut suddenly when they have ceased to combust. That is the way science now arranges the end of the world. It is t') l.e a railway collision and a confla gration on a large scale. A Vai.uaw.e Invention'.— Commander A. II. Gil more, R.N., has just patented an invention which seems to pos-ess considerable merit. It will le remembered that the conflagration on board the Goliath occurred through a boy bringing a lighted lamp -which he believed to be extinguished— into a cabin soaked with petro'eum. Had the lamp he car ried been constructed on the principle on which Com mander Gilmore has based his invention, no such accident could have happened. Safety is assured by the very simplest means. On opening the door of the lamp a metal cap is brought down forcibly on the flame, which is thereby completely extinguished. There the cap remains fixed until it is reset, when it reverts to its former position by the side of the I burner. The inventor has also adopted the same plan for ensuring the safety of miners. In a large number of explosions under ground the disaster originates in the mischievous habit of opening a lamp in order to see better. When even a Davy lamp is 8 - treated, its wire-gauze covering becomes, of course, absolutely ineffective. This would no longer be the case if miners' lamps wer-; made on the principle advocated by CommanJer Gilmore. The moment the bottom was unscrewed the flame would be ex tinguished, nor coull the miner prevent this result by any of those tricks in W hich his otherwise not very ingenious brain is so fertile. CoLotR Ghosts. — Some years ago a book was pub lished in this country — we cannot recall its exact title — the purpose of which was the production of ghosts. On its pa es were various representations of spectral„shapes, printed in extremely brilliant colours cn a white ground. Directions were given to fix the eyes intently on these for some moments, and then turn them suddenly to a white wal or screen, when the ghost would appear in the form depicted in the book, but of an entirely different colour. If the pic ture was red, the spectre on the wall would be green ; if the former was yellow, the latter would be blue, and so on. A similar illusion may be produced by any of our readers in a much simpler way. Cut a small disk out of white paper and lay it on a black surface. Look at it steadily for a quarter of a minute or so, and then direct the eye to a w hite, or, better, to a gray surface, as a sheet of gray paper ; and you will see a dark image of the shape and size of the white disk. If a coloured disk is ufed, the after-image, as it is called, will be coloured, but of the hue com plementary to that of the disk ; that is, if the one is green the other will be purple, if if the one is yellow or orange the other will be of a darker or lighter blue, &c.; Complementary colours, as most of our readers probably know, are those which, if mixed, will pro duce white. If the surface is of the same colour as the disk, the after-image will be faint and whitish ; if it is of the colour com plementary to that of the disk, the image -will appear of the same colour intensified. Thus, if the disk is bluish green, and the gaze is turned Irom it to a red ground, we shall see a ' ghost ' of a deeper and more brilliant red. If we look upon a coloured surface of any other than the complementary hue, the colour of the after-image will blend with that of the surface. For instance, if the object is green and the surface blue, the image will be violet. These phenomena admit of a very simple explana tion. When the etina of the eye has been exposed to a continued impression of one colour, it is we ried and becomes less sensitive to that colour. If now it is ex posed to the impression of white light, it will respond more readily to the other colours that make up white — that is, to those which produce the complementary hue. Quite likely some of our readers who have occasion to use red ink have observed that if, after writing with it for some n inutes, tney change directly to black ink, the latter will at first appear of a distinct green colour. Some eyes aremore sensitive than others to these delusive impressions, but any person can see the complementary colour if he has looked at the other long enough to tire the eye. Dr. Bezold, in his 'Theory of Colours,' among many curious things connected with this subject, illustrates the fact that, while if a black object be seen against a coloured ground (as black print on red paper), the black, when viewed intently, will show a slight tinge of the complementary ^ colour, the effect is greatly heightened by laying thin white tissue paper over the surface, showing that ' an admixture of white light is favourable to the production of con trast.' He also notes the singular fact that the various colours which may be given to the ground differ greatly in their capability of calling forth the contrasting colours. 'Green, blue, and violet — in fact, all the so-called cold colours — will originate very vivid contrasting colours, while this is the case to a much lower degree with red, yellow, and yellowish green.' The coloured plates in Dr. Bezold' s book illustrate this very \ividly, but the reader can pro duce a similar effect by putting a disk or figure cut out of black paper or cloth on a bright-coloured sur lace—red, yellow, green, blue, or purple— and spread ing the white tissue- paper over t'-^e whole. The variety of hues which the black assumes is very striking, and .tends decidedly to shake one's faith in the popular proverb that ' seeing is believing.' We know that the black is the black, but we cannot see it as black, however earnestly we may endeavour to reason our selves out of the illusion — Boston Joimialof Chemistry. An Astronomical Discovery. — The Spectator says : Our readers will be interested in learning that a sun, constituted apparently of very much the same chemi cal substances as our own, has suddenly assumed a brilliance which implies an enormous addition to the intensity of its heat as well as its light, so that its planets — if it has any, and if they were previous to this conflagration the abodes of life— are probably now undergoing combustion themselves, while the inhabit ants have ceased to be. Will our sun imitate this freak, and in one of its great outbursts of hydrogen flame scorch us suddenly to a cinder ? Sydney. — Printed asd published by John- Fairfax A-n Sons, at the office of the Sydney Morning Herald, Rtt and Hunter streets, Saturday, April 14, 1877. 