'ZZ: tf'Oh"f»pfln(i£%c. ,, : ' .; ..vr ' ;« ' . (To the Editors of .the Protestant Standard. ) "'And- no man: taketh this honour untii kiniseli', .but he that is edited ;o/ G.od, . as :wcis ' Adron. Hebrew v. 4. Sirs-tA detter signed '" Daniel T. Boj'd,1" appeareldn .the Standard of the 30th' December last'.Voii: Apostblie .Succession J- .'would' 1 beg'' to make a fexv .comments .on it, and. also request a ; place- in the Standard. It is- on a; subject of the most vital concern to the whole'Gliristian world. .1 ,do ;,not co.me forward ..as, .,an; advocate" or defender ,of Hie, Roman Catholic hierarchy, for ; epis.cppal ;6i'der;is found ' iii .that.Uhureh,>hub it is so far abused" anci. perverted, /.that -she Ihas become' a fallen church, xnd so apostatised from apostolicakMithi- t.hat'slie has made herself ..the' ' "habitation of devils'," ahd/ the- liolcl.! qf: every' fold; spirit, aiid the/cage -of; every unclean and' hateful bird." '-For her, sins liave;reached unto, heaven', and God' hath remembered lier : iniqui ties," therefore,; ' ' come out of her my people, that y'e 'be not partakers of her sins, and that ye. receive' hot ; of her plagues," ..yet there is deformed truth in her, but' so vitiated by doc trines !and tea hing of her own invention, that .makes it death to 'all' who- Believe, in it,, and. ore led by it ;' yet, God may, open the eyes .of many in that erring Church,-; See -their danger and seek the Lord before it is too late: and be saved. Our blessed Saviour has a Church' on earth, He died.' for; it, "and' bequeathed to it itnspeakable blessings and privileges, .."that He might' sanctify"" and cleanse it with the washings of water, by the W > n-d, that -He might present it to Himself a glorious' Church, not having spot or -wrinkle or any ' such thiiig, - but that it ,'sliould be., holy ' and , without blemish; " , . Thou art i Peter, and upon this ; rock I will build My Church." His -people are so precious to Him, and He was' careful' that this , unadulterated z truth should spread from pole to pole ; that His saving health should be made known to all mankind ; He. appointed that - Church; ; aiid ordered it, so that it should 'be perpetuated 'so- to the' end of time. ' He has ordained it, that through: it His message' of love and mercy may pass, that man may be informed how he may he restored to the divine image lie. has lost, he renovated and prepared for happiness and heaven. I propose to show how Christ Himself was anointed and ordained by God for this end; that Christ appointed His Apostles, under Him, as messengers to spread this truth, the truth of the Gospel ; and that they, the . Apostles, ap pointed others to carry on this work, as Christ willed ; that there should be no discord or con fusion, hut. that. His work should go on quietly and in peace, as in the rearing of the lemple the sound of the hammer was not to be heard ; but still, without tribulation his people could not enter heaven. I would speak of the appointment of fit. Matthias to the vacant apostolic office, by the death of the traitor Judas. After our Lord's resurrection, the first council assembled to fill up the vacancy caused by the death of the traitor Judas; two were nominated, Joseph called Barsabas and Matthias. " And they prayed and said thou Lord who kuowest the hearts of all men, shoiv. whether of these two Thou hast chosen, that ho may take part of this ministry and Apostleship, from which Judas by transgression fell that he might go to his own place, and they gave forth the lot and it fell on Matthias, and he was numbered with, the eleven Apostles." Here we have Apostles chosen and ordained by Christ Him self. " And He breathed on them, and said re ceive ye the Holy Ghost, .whosoever sins ye remit are remitted, and wlxosever sins yo retain are retained." No doubt on this occasion they acted with the sanction, and under the autho rity of Christ ; they solemnly appealed to Christ who knew the hearts of all men to show I which of the two He chose ; the lot,, wittingly guided" by Christ, fell on Matthias ; therefore, lie ; xyas infallibly ordained and appointed to fulfil |fcke sacred ddtiot an -Apdstle.' Matthias is supposed-'to ibe one j of the 1 70, and always iajicbrnfjahieSl' Christ. He wainfallibly(appbinted- by .Christ. tb fill-the vacaiiey, and at' the Day of Pentecost he - showed the signs of ah Apostle, "Suddenly there came a ,'sound from . heaven, &c.;,. aiid they were, all filled with the Holy Ghost, and they spake with tongues," &c.; "But Peter standing lip with the eleven," Mat thias is the Apostle appointed by Christ to iill the vacancy, not St Paul. Mr. Boyd then goes to point out the frailtieB of the Apostles, their boldness and infirmities are made the cause of serious reproach, but it is the candour of Scrip ture to speak of the sins of men as well as their love and faithfulness. Christ ordained twelve when on earth, now He has ordained Matthias when in heaven through the Apostles ; Peter did not of himself ordain Matthias, ancl in this instance he made .no blunder, this is as plain as the sun-shiniiig at; noon-day, to anyone who wants to know the truth, reading the first and second chapters of the Acts of the Apostles. I -will pass oyer much for this simple reason, that it lias just nothing to say to the question under consideration, namely, Apostolic Succes sion. The Apostles had-the, right assigned them by Christ on this occasion,, but, no right to con stitute the .Chiuvli, until after Pentecost, and we find them' minutely, in every particular, obeying their Master's ' will. The Apostles knew their. Master's will, and they had their first, meeting after their Master's death; they knew and uudet stood the, work assigned them, aud they did it well, they did not meet together ' £b "grieve ai d lament, their loss, bub for prompt action in their Master's work. It is absurd:to conceive that any other feeling actuated Peter. Here was' no confusion, but peace ad order. No doubt but Matthias did his work faithfully as an Apostle, although the Scripture is silent. With regard to St. Paul being appointed suc cessor to J udas, ithas no semblance of reason ; it ;is not likely that two years would he allowed to intervene between Judas' death and the appointment of St. Paul . as his successor, let that go to the public. It is lessening to the in- -tellect and common sense of man to think that Christ would send Paul to an Episcopal Board for his appointment as Apostle, that would be .confusion, but this is beside the question, your ' cbiyespoiident 'mistakes. Christ alone could appoint Apostles, and episcopal authority could hotordaia' Apostles, but only bishops or dver- . peers. Apostles could not ordain Apostles, the ' funeral; ikueH .. does not toll by reason of :thei .occasion mentioned in Acts xiii. Barnabas and Saul were appointed by the Holy Ghost, but we -must' remember that Christian work was j-now missionary work ; the Church had not; as yet- assumed its settled form,- therefore Paul 'and Barnabas were appointed as missionaries- -the rest may be passed over. Now, we will ex amine'1 the truth 6f ;,episoopal;ordiuatwn'in' .the, "Holy Catholic Church. Christ ' was /anointed . and ordained to : be the Saviour of the world, therefore, the people He died for is His Church. .He came to fulfil His, Iatlier-'s will. .. He; was careful to > fulfil -all righteousness, in that work, and when -that work was accomplished, He was equally careful 'to bavethe-'knowledge of thati- work spread ' throughout the habitable world, and- the preaching of the Gospel perpetuated" by competent and "lawful authority, and this was to continue iintil the day of 'His appearing iu. judgment. His' Apostles were appointed,' as head of His 'Chuj-ch, and they fit their death were to appoint others, so that the work was to continue and be perpetuated and that without harshness, grating,, or 'confusion. Our Lord's commission , to His Apostles was . to go and preach only to the Jews, and in confirmation of their commission, they were given power to work miraoles. Judas was included in this. (Moses1 'when he was sent by God, was to do the same), '/but at Pentecost they were to make Christ known to Jew and Gentile, this is the only difference between the two dispensations.' The Gospel was preached to the Jews, but the Gentiles have now the privileges, blessings, and immunities', which show that the Church of ;<Tod is the same Church ; under the Jewish dis pensation— limited— but under the Gentile ex panded,' both Jews and Gentiles are included, therefore' the . same principles— privileges and: blessings are in one as well as the other,— they are identical, in one t \ pes, figures, and symbols, in the otlier these are clearly revealed and ex plained. The principle of episcopal order clearly shines in the Jewish Church, and fully estab lished in. the Gentile. Our Lord then as head over his own Church, which is His body, has a perfect right to authorize arid command His Apostles how they were to govern His Church, consequently, when they were near their departure, and the Church assumed a settled form, they acted on their Master's authority and appointed officers to look after and regulate the affairs of the Church. Timothy was ordained bishop of Ephesus by the Apostle Paul, in his ordination, as it still is in the Catholic Church, he (the Apostle) was assisted at the ceremony by the Presbytery ; it is a mis take to say that the Apostle was a member of the Presbytery, ho was a member of that body as churchman, but in his office he was quite dis tinct. Paul was an Apostle, so that he was supreme head of the presbyters, for presbyters or elders was the general name of presiding ministers, whether over the whole congregation or over a single town or village. The institution of the great court of 70 elders we find in Numbers xi., from which we also learn that they shared Moses' anthority in governing the children of Israel. They were representatives of the people, and Moses' admonitary address to them before his death (Deut. xxxi. 2S &c.; ) is strikingly parallel with Paul's in Acts xx. We find them continually associated with Moses and Joshua in every public act ; and their act was considered the act of the whole Church ; so that St. Paul had the presbytery to assist him (as was usual iu the Church) on that solemn occasion. Timothy's duties as bishop or overseer was to regulate and set iu order what was wanting, and to be example to all clergy under his jurisdiction ; we have only to examine his duties to see the permanency of them, which we may see, unless we blind our under standing. To say that the Apostle recalled him and that he resumed his missionary work is without foundation, either iu history or Scrip ture, and is siinply a gratuitous assertion to block a bad cause. There are two instances of St. Paul having called the elders of the Church, one, when on his way, I think, to Rome ; the other when he was near his end. It was quite natural . that he should wish to have a parting yieit from those with whom he had been asso ciated.: inthe holy work of God, „ of course I cannot pi-ove it, but it is highly-probable, that Tiinothy and Titus died in their bishoprics, and it would be utterly impossible to prove that they did not. It is acknowledged that he was .episcopally ordained, but he afterwards left his duties. Of course 1 know the Apostle was an Apostle, and that Paul ordained him (Timothy) assisted by the Presbytery, but his ordination and duties were on the principle of episcopal ordination, it was quite absurd to say that as the Apostle was not himself a bishop Timothy and Titus were not episcopally ordained, this would be well to anyone ignorant of Bible teaching. It is plain that this principle of bishops,, priests, and deacons, runs through the Church from the call of Abraham to the present day ; that was interrupted in the 16th century by the sad-abuses introduced into the Church by Rome ; and Luther and other Reformers, while endeavouring to correct the corruptioris and evils of the Church : iu their, day, lamented the unavoidable necessity of abandoning the government of the Church, as the bishops ad hered to Rome. I defy anyone to prove from Church history that any order of government was thought of; and that while the corruptions in doctrines were the subjects of serious attacks, the government of the then. Church was not opposed, and that the episcopal government was what only prevailed up to the 16th century, which is an undoubted proof that it originally sprang from Christ arid His Apostles. We have reason to suppose that the Apostle St. John was the Metropolitan of the seven churches of Asia, he ordained; bishops iu the seven, churches, so that each had a bishop or angel ; they were constituted on the episcopal plan',: for ' they were blarried or commended for their neg ligence or good order of the .Churches in their respective jurisdictions; This - order : of j, the Church being observed, can only preserve"' 'it from anarchy and disorder; and - since' the Reformation the . sad afflicted Btat'e of the Church is apparent since; that; era.. , .'Jerusalem, is at unity with itself;' but the. broken) unity of the Christian Church has, I fear,, caused' many a soul to wander from truth. ' Has the Ana baptist any reason ' ;to ' ; divide' the Christian mind from , the , .Church ? d ' That , is " a / f caff ul heresy, without the.slightest Scriptural grounds for the doctrine of adult baptism, and I might refer, to all th'atvseparat'ed;froin!tho. Church in 'the 16th' century. " It is the boast of all'- Chris tians, as (it is .their/; right ' private judgment,' for if rightly used, its legitimate consequence is that- it' would brin'g' them into perfect agreement with-'the ' Church,1 1' mean the Holy -Catholic Church -(not . the Roman-pseudo .Church.') 1 Still she (Rome) is like a-.noble edifice, when weeds, noxious, ! poisonous' ( creepers- : are;! allowed;.to cover it3'fair outlined ;-6r 'like a sepulchre beau tiful, oritside, whilst within is' all rottenness, but if she would ;>only. cast. away,, her -corrupt .human inventions "recant her .errors, and . ,J;ura to her primitive : lov.e, .'-it! would; ' be a glorious day for the Church; but until then'she'will be only dying, until she expires miserably. There ,;is''ari' evident' leaning Wand inclination to union, —the principle of a desire for uriiori is (uusouncl, but -it may through the mercy arid goodness 'of God inclining the witl-of, the servants, end in a thorough and ' Scriptural' union; ; so that j.that body,, so. lacerated and rent, may be' ; so firmly knit together, by the. Son of Righteousness, who wiircome with'heali'ng in His wingS 'j. '.tlien will the kingdom of Chnst.be rapidly: extended) .and the. kingdom' of this, world 'shall , become the kingdom- of our Lord arid ;His Christ. Bishop Bull, a critical antagonist of the Roman Church, speaking' of the Church of England as a branch of the . Catholic Church says,, that she is , the purest, best Churchy iuqthese days, that he blesses God, that lie was borix in .her. commu nion, and that he trusted that/he -M'ould/by God's grace, die iu her bosom. I am, Sirs, yours truly, " THOMAS O'DELL. Morpeth, January. 17th, 1877. P.S. — Timothy, Titus, and the angels of the Seven Churches, we<-e in -each,: one man having under their authority, maiiy, Titus 100 cities. So . that if episcopacy could ' be successfully objected to, that order of government is utterly unlike .any form among the . Christian sects, information, true, is what is. wanted to lead men's minds; but beiiig withheld, ignorance of these, must be the cousequence. I would re commend any person desirous of ascertaining the truth, to get a work written by the Rev. W. J. E. Bennett, entitled "The Churches' Broken Unity." The ; English Church derives neither her origin, doctrines in faith, or order from Rome. It is supposed that Christianity was established in Enuland by the Apostles, probably at or about the same time that the Christian faith was in Rome. Eusebius posi tively declares that it was solely the Apostles, and it is well known that the Christian faith was professed in the year. 150, and that in 1S2 a school of learning, to ' provide Christian teachers for the British Church, was in Eng land ; and when the Pope sent Austin to teach and convert the Anglo-Saxons, he was not acknowledged by the British Church ; it after wards got mixed with Rome, when, at the time of the Reformation, she shook off and disen tangled herself from her meshes and returned to her original position in the Catholic Church, so we are totally distinct from Rome. The Government of Prussia has completed a curious inquiry. All the children in school on a certain day, 4,070,923 of them, were ex amined, and the colour of their eyes and hair carefully registered. It was' found that 42 97 per cent, had blue eyes and 2431 per cent, brown eyes ; while no less than 72 per cent, had blonde hair, 26 per cent, brown hair, and only 121 per cent, black hair. Only 653 per cent, again, are of brunette complexion. In Bavaria the light- haired proportion is much smaller, and the savans therefore consider that the dark complexion comes from the South, which is m accordance with the general belief. A Capital Teetotal Connundrum euojc America. — Why is a drunkard like- a : baa politican? — Because he is always poking his nose into measures that spoil the Constitution. 