dr. vaughan's sermons. NO. III. . The next Lenten discourse of the Arch- f . j . - » bishop was on "Grace." We now give the substance of it' ;i in the following : sen tences "Wehavethendeliberatelymadeupour minds, comewhat will, to attain the end for which we were created, tliat.is. to, gain . heaven and avoid hell ; and to, do this by. fulfilling the will of our Creator, Redeemer, and Sanctitier during, the remainder of our life on the earth. The beauty of the heavenly, court has attracted it ; and the horrors, of-the flame palaceB of hell have terrified us. . . If suchihave been.yonr thoughts and resolutions, you.. must have proceeded one step further ; for you could not vividly see your in capacity ancl inability to begin a really new life, ana keep it without at once looking round you for some strength to supplement your iveak- ness, .and for some help towards doing that which experience has told you that you cannot cairy out effeotually yourself. . . Truly you, living in this world; have fallen among thieves ; and since you will most assuredly have to com bat, not for a month or two, or a year or two, but during the whole of your life to the moment of your death against the virulencd of those poisonous: .and numerous assaults, it is of the mast. paramount importance that you should be placed in a position to victoriously repel them, and to put to flight the multitude of your . enemies. There . is only one who is stronger .than your foes, and that is the Almighty him self. If you are bent on Baving your soul you must be determined to avoid sin, to shun evil, and do good. You cannot during the course of your life persistently do this unless by the help of His "grace." . . . The subject then is ' Grace." Let us consider it in its three-fold aspect, first, the Author of Grace ; second, the creature, of Grace ; and thirdly, the works of Grace : these three considerations will result in impressingupon ustheprime necessityof doing all that lies in us to possess and retain to the end of ; our lives . that one special privilege without tohich our souls would never be saved. But before inviting your attention to the con sideration of the first point, it would be well to impress upon your minds one very important consideration, viz.; that the great world. of men, as distinguished from those who are making their calling and election sure, and believe iu the necessity of divine assistance, lives without thought or care of "grace." The world in the scriptural sense of that work, scorns the idea of grace, and considers man sufficient of himself. Its pattern man isnot the mortified recluse the contemplative monk or nun, or even the secular gentleman who makes God his first considera tion, and shuns bad thoughts, and overcomes: ' evil .devices, and lives a life of humility, purity, and love. No ! such is not the ty.pieal man of thei.world. You Catholics of this congregation, : . do you not know that he who lives in a poisoned atmosphere is likely to imbibe the poison ? TTna not the course of your past life been too like 1 ! that of those who have given up all belief in > the necessity of grace, and in the efficacy of the sacraments. (1.) The nature and operation of that divinity which is the author and origin of grace. Impossible of course is it for the finite to contain the infinite. Still we can, according to , our measure, reach to a knowledge of Him ; one God and. three persons, Father, Son and : Spirit. . . Could we in any way grasp the infi nite, "intense, and all-absorbing love which the : Father Bhows towards the Son, then we might in some way comprehend the character and po.wer .of his Holy Spirit ; could we compass the divine ardour of affection with which the Word embraces the Father, we might then picture to ourselves the boundless affection of the Holy Spirit ; could we be so enlarged in heart and mind as to kno.w what God's love is towards ; God, then indeed we should be able to lift up our hands and say that we had tasted of the fountain af living water. Vaguely and dimly .we can do it with intense meditation and con centration we can pierce into the distance and see the vision of beauty glancing in the heavens. We can see what the spiritual love of man is like; we see whence spring the affections of the burning seraph ; we know when the cherubims fill their quivers with those darts of love which are for ever flashing round th9 eternal throne. Yes ! there is the uncreated, perennial fountain of life, of love, of beauty, and of happiness. The angels in their choirs, each one of their daggling company is fired by his light, warmed as it were by his flame, and burns steadily in endless love through his participation. That highest seraph, whose white flame of love has continued to burn with unconsumable fires of affection since God fashioned his spiritual substance. . . And so to the lowest, and so through all the courts and hierarchies of angelic orders does the fire of love burn — lit upon one central and uncreated fire ; for the furnace of infinite affection which ever burn and never are consumed. . . All the heavenly.court, now firmly fixed on their various throneB for ever, are so fixed through his free grace, through the light aud strength which he gave them. . . How many millions of them there are we cannot tell, God alone knows that ; but that they are in the milky way, studding the heavens with a thick set splendour we can well conceive. . . There are the souls of the just made perfect from Adam and Eve to the last that lias been garnered into his reward. . . The great prophets of the old law, the leader of God's chosen people, see them on their thrones of grace for ever. . Beautiful company of the children of Abraham ! How you rejoice in your beds ! and what does the eye behold around the King of men, and the God of angels, and souls of the just made perfect ? The queen of the heavenly army, Mary Immaculate, full of grace, raining down love and pure affection from those eyes of hers, and with rays of heavenly glory shooting from her outstretched hands. Crowned with twelve stars, the moon under her feet, and surrounded by the flashing light of innumerable angels, she, be fore all others, bears about her person the .image of the king, and looking on him can call him "Son," just as he isnot ashamed to call her "Mother." . . He filled her with the ful ness oE blessing, because she was a" virgin, purest among the pure, and dedicated from tender years to the Service of the temple. She is the Vas Electionis, the Mystical Rose, in which the spirit can display his exuberant love, and his power in multiplying beauty. So St. John, St. Peter and St Paul, the evangelists and confessors, martyrs and widows, and all who have attained to the rest of the saints, all have drunk from one spring, all have been inebri ated from one cup. . . Finally, the majestic form of the Church of God rose ujp the mother of salvation. . . From her, as water and blood sprang from the side of Christ, flow, with the fulness of gifts, the seven streams of sacramental grace in baptism and absolution and the rest. Thus in heaven above and in the earth beneath the spirit of Grace is the centre power. (2.) The creature of Grace. . . What is our condi- tion ? Gra:e is one thing, and nature is another. . . If we know of what clay we are made, and are masters Of /.the character of our manifold being. . . then shall we know how to make the piost of grace, how to diminish the force of pas- . sion, while we add strength to our will, and ecome firmer walkers, in the narrow way. Take a child born into the world, and look at its state before it is baptised. What were you before you were regenerated at the Font ? Now what is the great gift which we receive at the font ? We are born of water and of the Holy Ghost. Our sins are washed away, the devil is driven out, and we are made the sons of God by the indwelling of the' Holy Ghost, the un created grace who infuses into the. soul the supernatural gifts of Faith, Hope, and Charity. Thus we are, through the free gift and grace of God called to a supernatural state, : endowed with supernatural helps, and assisted to the end, if we remain faithful in the heavenward course. . . And as God begins so he finishes the work, and achieves the victory of our final persever ance. (3. ) Meditate on the work of Grace. As there is not an angel in heaven who has not had His grace, so there has never been a man on earth whom the Holy Spirit did not ,at one time or another visit with the gift of grace. . . Within you is the kingdom of God, and "its brightness, its purity, its dazzling lustre, and its promises of endless duration, when grace shall bud forth into the glory of the saints. . Your interior eye fixes itself on a vision which day by day becomes more and more vivid and soul- satisfying. . . Your prayers, your confessions,; your communions, your good works multiply, heavenly influences in your soul. . . Such is the working of the Spirit. You received His gifts in holy baptism. . . You sinned and His grace fled froin you, and you knew yourself to be possessed of mortal sin. . 0, that bitter, moment ! . . . You began to fee distaste for the sacraments. Your confessions, were few and far between; and even mass itself on days of obligation, and the various commandments of. the church were treated with contempt. Thus' you fell into a lower level ; hell beginning to set up its habitation in your heart ; devils be ginning to eye you as their own; associating you with the company of the damned. Oh, Jesus, send the comforter into our hearts to night. Oh Mary, Mother of Mercy, our advo- jcate, look upon us poor ohildren of Eve, and pray for us to thy Son, that we may be saved. ,0h, beloved John, Oh penitent Magdalene, and | hou, 0 favoured thief on the cross, remember the past, and gain for us hearts filled with saving sorrow, and may succeed at last in saving our soul !" | Now, we are almost certain that we have wasted our space in giving so much of it to this rigmarole of Popish theology and pompous verbosity. We have given but a sketch, but the reality must . have been only like the roaring of Niagara, ever the same, and ever as meaningless. It is nessary, however, that our readers should form some idea of what Popish instruction is. We feed ordinarily on husks ; here is the true pasture We be lieve fables ; but here is the truth ! First, but anybody who has ever read the Scriptures will see in a moment that the word " grace " in the mouth of Dr. Vaughan means something totally differ ent from its meaning as spoken by Paul. The Apostle means by it the " free favour of God;" but Dr. Yaughan means only help. Paul meant something which comes directly through the Holy Spirit but Dr. Yaughan means something which depends upon priests, and sacraments, and the church. And Paul meant something which is first and last ; but Dr. Vaughan means something, which enables us to do the most we can ! Second a thousand such sermons of mere sound of words never can and never will instruct anybody. If you want words and painting which excite you to Bay "what a wonderful man," go to Dr. Vaughan ; but if you want instruction on the sub feet of grace, two or three texts from the Apostle Paul will do more for you in three minutes than the' Archbishop will do for you in fifty years. Third, the sermon is full of the most glaring contradictions. We are to gain heaven, and yet it is to be by grace. ! We are to be " inebriated with grace," and yet if we sin, grace flies away ! Grace is ' to do it all; and yet we are to make the most of grace. It is ajl by the spirit of grace; yet in handling our natures we are to turn them to the best account,, we are to gain the great gift by the use of instru ments. What is to be said of ; this sort of. grace— theJPopish grace 1— It is very clear that it is absuid to say that grace gains anything. Fourth, the ever blessed Virgin plays an important part in Dr. Vaughan's system of grace ; . but the Bible never mentions her as having anything to do with it. She is the Queen of heaven— the Immaculate— she rains down affection from her eyes — rays of glory shoot out. from her hands.— She is purest amongthe pure — she was dedicated to the service of the temple from tender years — she is . the vessel of election — she is the mystic rose —and she is our Mother of Mercy — and our, advocate with her Son. But there is not one word of all this in the teachings of the apostles ; and the whole picture and statement is the false teaching of popes and painters, who have simply copied the heathen original which needed a goddess as well as numerous gods. Fifth, Dr. Vaughan's "grace" belongs to sacraments,. You must be regenerated in baptism and have the devil cast out by holy salt and priest's spittle : you must have the holy , oil of confirmation :you must go to confession : you must get the priest's absolution : you must eat the holy wafer : and then you must keep lents and feasts, or, pay money for dispensations to eat flesh and enjoy the table : — in this way you will get Dr. Vaughan's grace ; but otherwise you must be content to go to hell and dash your souls against iron bars and flaming palaces! Sixthly, and lastly, " grace " is to be got by appealing to Christ, holy Mary, the belojjfld St. John, the penitent Magdalene and the favoured thief; they -will gain for you the grace of enabling you to save your immortal souls ! If our . readers will consult the New Testament they will easily see that Dr. Vaughan's " grace " has nothing to do with that much neglected book. 