FROM TH* § T A , BY GEOFFRY CRABTHORN. • Like my fellow-colonists throughout tli country I sincerely regret the cause thalt constrains our newly-installed Governor quit his post and seek repose in what Vp him -will be a less trying climate. I cannot claim any acquaintance with 'His Excellency even in his public, capacity, and I will not feign a depth of sorrow it would be unreasonable to jeel; but nevertheless I can comprehend ana fully sympathize with the pang which oife who has undertaken a high trust niust experience when he finds his strength unequal to the duties of his office. ' The sacrifice must be severe in any case—how much severer when necessitated by the lack of that chiefest of all blessings, good health! Thinking thus the colony may well bid God speed to the gentleman who has held such brief authority over us almost in the very words of his illustrious countryman :— • SOUTH AUSTRALIA TO SIR WILLIAM CAIRNS. One bumper at parting! Though many Have not passed between us as yet, The fullest, the saddest of any We drink when we scarcely have met. The sweetness that friendship hath in is Is always so slow to come forth, That seldom, alas, till the minute It dies, do we know half its worth. But come—may your life's future measure Partake.of earth's blessedest boon, And, born of repose, may the treasure Of health be restored to you soon! See how what it is to have too modtst an opinion of one's inventive faculty! Had not my eyes been opened to a sense of my own genius by those letters from Mr. Hinckley, of Narracoorte, claiming the credit of being the real raiser of the Willunga, by virtue of having flqst suggested the patch upon the dredger's broken side, I might have gone. on. till doomsday putting patches oh my leaky tanks without knowing that my simple method of covering a hole in a structure of iron ought properly to rank as one bf the great discoveries of the age. It is all very well for Mr. Hickson and the othSer professors of the science to say that tie plan is an old one. When the wisest man who ever lived distinctly affirmed that there is nothing new unc|er the sun, it is surely somewhat unreasonable to throw it in Mr. Hinckley's teejtii that his scheme is not an exception to tjie universal rule. And if they were allseo well acquainted with the method, wliy didn't they propose its adoption? A ug for your oracle who looks on with jus mouth shut while you are making a bungle of a job, and then when some kind s^ui shows you the right way to do it shrugs his shoulders and cries, v. ith a scornful laugh, "Why, I cculdhuvetoldyouthat long I don't suppose, hu n ever, that my intelligent Engineer of Harbours was Unacquainted with the plan ultimately adopted, even before it was suggested! to him by IMr. Hinckley, but he evidently did not. think it ihe best -plan, whereas flfrr. Hinckley assuredly did. For this reason theu, if for no other, let the latter have jail the honour and glory of evolving the patch idea out of his own moral consciousness. Ihe history of the case may ] be summed up in the following adaptation of an old nureery rhyme :— ' ] W H O R A I S E D T H E D R E D G E R Who raised the dredger? < " I," Said Mr. Hickson, " With the patch I did fix on; I raised the dredger/' Who gave the hint ? - " I," said Mr. Hinckley, His brow growing wrinkly— " I gave the bint." Who knew the plan, too ? " We," said with sneers All the civil engineers, " We knew the plan, too/' Who claimed it likewise? [ " I," said the diver, " I n hopes to earn a ' f i v e r I claimed it likewise." Who .stopped his boasting? " I," said the Register, When I made about the dredge a stir, I stopped his boasting." Who'll pay the bill? " I," says the taxpayer, " Although I always lack spare Cash, J must pay the bill." ' As for the little "Gawler boy" who gave a runaway knock at my door in Saturday's Eegvster, I dismiss him with a friendly pat on the back for his boldness. He must be a very clever boy to be able to spell " farinaceous" and all the other long words he puts into hi3 story, but I fear from his strange ideas about pocketmoney that he is but a poor hand at his sums. Still I take his letter as a cordial though covert compliment, for is it not written—" Imitation is the sincerest flattery'?" I see some one advertises that ho U'ili teach the art of writing in a specified noun I erof lessons, and guarantees to impart to ladies a knowledge of " the best angular style. 3 ' i^ow I do not object to the angular style in feminine caligraphy, because as a nile ladies write a plain though peculiar har;d, but if the advertiser would undertake to abolish the absurd fashion of crossing letters lie would confer an everlasting beiielit upuii all unhappy men who are favoured wit • | epistles fj c-m ilicir fair . Iriei:<la. If the inscriptions on the recently-discovsred Assyrian tablets had been written by a won; an in the style simiiar to that I complain of they would have remained a puzzle bejona ilie power of human ingenuity to uir/avel. I would sooner labour through confused caligi'Kphy of an illiterate ploughman or an overtaxed editor than uewilder my brain wi'li the crossed and recrossed crochetwork cf the loveliest lady in the land. O.'.Oy tht u3 ihapj.y recipient of such a litcciiy labyrinth can realize t'.te prolonged agciiy of the task. You get hold of the letter and think ycu have started fair, but in it few sentences you \- i t e find yourself shunted on to one of those 'lines thc.t run across, and you have ,to n > ,try ? back. If you have the same instinct as the hound who can follow one 'particular " ! trail through a hundred diverging tracks, you can get on pretty well, bat nj ou u s always feel inclined to go ojff at a tangent. Supposing you get safely;-lo the \- . - . botiom, you never kpow whether I J take the cross-track or turn over anclj begin endways ; if you do one, you are very apt to come to the end of the letter J before you have got-to the middle; and|if you take the :other s course you aife just as likely to be . brought i tp all standing at a sentence that plainly refars to something you have not yet come to. After floundering about like a ily iu a apider's web, you give it up with a confused idea that something is wanted, 1 bat you'must not get; it because it. is not yet required, and even if it were there is some .one else to be consulted first; but ainyhow'you had better go. and see : about it, or do something else which you jWLu't make out, and there you are likely to stop. Perhaps the following appeal from a sufferer will touch the consciences of the fair offenders :— LADIES'LETTERS. Bt a Puzzled Recipient. ' When ladies write And notes .indite , I do not like to criticise; They spell with tare, Their style is fair, The writing of a pretty size. ' T i s . s m a l l and neat And'aye replete With trotnan'fi grace, that pleases us. But, with much pain, I must complain Of one defect that, teases ua. . She oft inclines ^ To rim her lines Across,like open netting work; < And then to rout The meaning out Ib wearisome and fretting work. To find the clue And run it true Through all the writer's business- . -. I oft have failed ^ And sometimes quailed . From sheer fatigue and dizziness....,. T h i s c r i s s - c r o s s s t y l e , L i k e w o m a n ' s s m i l e , . H a s s o m e t h i h g ' s c a r c e r e v e a l e d i n i t ; ' T h o u g h f a i t t o r i e w , H a y h a v e a s t i n g c o n c e a l e d i n i t . ^ T o n s p e l l i t d o ^ r a • " . , . - . . r W i t h p u z z l e d f r o w n , r Pursuing each q^ueer ,twist of itj. - c Andporeanage • O ^ e r every, page - > ; . . » T . Before yon get the gist of it. : - I cannot see • Why .this should be, . •' j ' For paper jcheap enough it is; : Yet this tn'ey treat J .; - At if each sheet . Were worth a pair of muffetees/. ; ' Across-the « n d . ; • • . You m % y V f e p e n d . ; - u . ^ I She'll slip, an nrgent postscript in,.. ^ At which yougaze . : ; - . . r In muddled maze „ r . . . ' > • • / • ; 4-S dazed ap if,a ghost stepped: iq. . , If things like this •;" Still j g o a n n s s - • • Her folly I must strtirize; But woman, sure, . f The plague will cure, If she aright the matter eyes/ , .: Then let us pray, AYhen next the may ., ... > Be writing to some- pet of her, She'll wisely learn . ;/ .- New leaves to turn' In fact as well as metaphor. : ; : 