NEWS OF THE DAY. Tbero has been some misnpprcbension as to toe day ot nomination for tho general elec-. tions, many Euppusiiig that the nominations had to be lodged not later than C p.m. this evening, and thnt they wero to bo declared to-morrow, the 4th inst. TIu'b is a mistake. Nominations with dcpoBit money will ho in time if lodged.. with the various returning officers not later than 0 p.m. to-morrow, "and the official declaration of nominations will take place nt noon on Saturday. Messrs Evans and Arnold were to-day nominated for Fitzroy. Mr S. V. Winter, the Mayor of 'Biohmond, was tn-dny nominated as n candidate to re-, present that electorate in Parliament. Tho nomination and deposit money ofHr Frank Stephen, ono of tho candidates for South liourke, waa pieced in the hands of the roturuicg-offioer this nftetnoon. WtshnVobcen lequostcd to draw particu lar atlention to an advertisement in another column refuting tho statements made by Messrs .'jervico and Lsngton in ro tho prico of candies. ' Aecotding to tbo Police Qnzetto Tho Chief Coinmirsioner of Police takes tho opportunity of tho approaching general ejection to call the attention of members of to-- police force to section 51 of the Polico Regulation statute 1873, which renders it illegal for nny member of tho force to vote for tho election of a momber to servo in tho Legislative Council pr Legislative Assembly of Victoria, or ip any manner to influence any elector in giving his vote. The police are bound to observo strict neutrality in nil matters connected with politics, but more particularly is this necessary nt tho election of members of tho Legislature when party feeling is apt to run high. Any member of the force who, instead of observing that ncntrnlity which is required of tho police, does anything which can bo fairly considered sb taking pnrt with or favoring the views of nny candidate at the exponso or to the detriment of another, will be liable to be removed from tho forco," Wo understand that Mr Daniel Inglis, of Flinders- street, ship chandler, has decided to oppose Mr A, T. .Olark at Williamstowa. Mr Inglis is an old resident of Wiliiamstown, having been a member of the local Borough Council for a number of yenrs. He will stand in the Freo-trnde interest. We notico by nn advertisement iu our columns that Mr Curtain will nddress the electors of Carlton in the Victoria hail, Drummoud street, on Monday evoning noxt, at 8 p.m. The Adelong cemetery was tho locality of n very unpleasant sceno nt tho funoral of a Mrs Thomas. It appears from tho statement . of the Gumlftgni Times that this ccmctory has recently been enlarged, and a portion set apart as a general burial ground until sopurato portions can be allotted to ench denomina tion. When tho remains were being takou from Mr Thomas's residence some women, friends of tho decensed, roqnoated tho under taker, Mr P. Phillips, to take the coffin back again, stating that, as the deceased was n Roman Catholic, bIio should not be interred in tho grave thnt had been prepared, but in thnt portion of the cemetery occupied by the Catholics. With great forbearance on tho pnrt of Mr Phillips, the body was again taken to the cemetery, when tho women again dis played angry feelings, and declared thnt the body should not bo placed in the grave. This unseemly conduct continued for n long time, when the undertaker and the sexton threat ened to leave the ground. Mr Henry Oough- lnn, who had undertaken to read the service, permitted the bnrinl to take place under protest. After the service was concluded, Mr Coughlnn said: " 1 bury this body under protest," and added thnt the bisnop should ho wiilton to with a view to the body being removed. Willinm Williams, alias John Nolan, appeared at the i-nndridge Court I bis morn ing in custody, charged with stealing a basin containing some money belonging to Andrew Backer, a shopkeeper in beach street, Sau- dridge. Prosecutor's wife proved that on Tuesday afternoon last, between three and four p.m., she found the prisoner behind the counter. She bad only left the shop for a few minutes, and had placed a chair againBt the dcor, which on her return had been re moved. Ho hnd the glass basin containing some Ioobo money in his hand, Two wit- ncEBes proved to the prisoner running away from tho place and Dectcctive Mackny to his arrest. Prisoner pleaded guilty, aad previous charges having been proved against him, he was ecu fenced to three months' imprisonment with hard labor. Jnmos Harris was charged at the Sand- ridge Police Court this morning with insult ing behaviour in tho public street, and resisting tho police in tho execution of their duty. Defendant pleaded drunkenness as an excuse, and that ho did not kuow what he was doing at the time. For the first offence he was fined ten shillings or three days' im prisonment, and twenty shillings or ten days' imprisonment for the second, the sentences to be concurrent. The Christian Review writeB : — Matters in tho East would appear to be in a V6ry critical state. At Demascns, Lebanon, Eeyrout, and elsewhere, Mussulman fana ticism has assumed an alarming aspect. A widespread massacre of Christians is feared. 'In DamaBcuB, especially, things are in a deplorable condition. The' Christians there aro shut in by the Mohammedans as in a prison. No one is permitted to leave toe place. War is tho one theme, and tho Chris tian population is branded with the most opprohrionB epithets and enrsed with the bitterest curses. The consuls, the mission aries, and the European residents seem to be utterly powerless in allaying the wild fert ment. Terror is in every homo and heart. Who con tell what will be toe issue 1 Tho spirit of inquiry and innovation is (writes the Christian Review) exhibiting it self in varioas directions in the Presbyterian Churches of the home country. At a recent meeting of the United Presbyterian Presby tery of Edinburgh, a committee was appointed to consider and report on tho "questionable amusements of the present day," About the same date notice of motion was given, at a meeting of the PreBbytery of Manchester, to the effect that the mode in which toe details of criminal prosecutions are reported in the daily press is highly objectionable, inasmuch as it is anything but conducive to the interests of morality. The Rev Dr Thain Davidson lately look an opportunity of urging minis ters and congregations to throw " their desks," at least, open to a lady — Mrs MacVicars — in order that she might have the opportunity of telling her thrilling story of the Savoy Christians. Dr Walter Smith, of the Free High Church, Edinburgh, re cently spoke highly in favor of Saturday evening promenade conceits established for the benefit of tho masses, and Baid that he could with a good conscience nsk the Di vine blessing upon them. The Sandhurst papers report that the yield of gold for tho month of Unrch amounted to 22.3G9 ozs. 15 dwts. 15 grs. as ogsinst 15,717 ozs., or Bhowing an increase of nenr 7000 ozs. In tho face of this i lu pin v< ment in the return of toe yield of gold, there need not bo fear entertained that too mining industry of this district is decay, inp. Of tho predicted dismemberment of the Ottoman Empire toe Maryborough Adver tiser says : — " We firmly believe that that event was never moro remoto than at the present moment. This war will arouse the fanaticism of 130,000,000 Moslems iu all parts of the world, bound together by re ligious ties, so gIoso and strung, that no Christian denominations present anything like them. It is a duel to the death ; and it . will bo fought out to the bitter end, by the Osmanlis, with a desperation burn of a supremo crisis, a courage that will inspire the most heroic sncrificos, and a dogged per. severance thnt will diBregnrd all obstacles, and eventually, perhaps, will bear down all opposition, nnd result in the infliction of a dendly wound upon tbo huge, uncouth, loose- limbed, and hateful Russian Colossus." The Melbourne correspondent of the Bal- larat Courier writes : — It will probably be remembered that about n year ago a state ment appeared in tho pnpors to the effect that a newsvender named Perceval, carrying on business in Fitzroy, bud become entitled to a considerable amouut of property in con sequence of tlio dentil of tho Earl of Egro mont, of whom ho was a distant relative. The lucky newsman went homo, whon lie duly received n sum of £15,000, of which he found himEelf the legatee under the deceased nobleman's will. Jy letters received from Mr Perceval by the last mail, I find that he has got tired of living tho life of a gentleman pure and simple, and that having u hanker ing after tho lino of business which, in a small way, he had pursued with a fair degree of success in Victoria, he resolved to resume it upon n latgcr soalo in the old country. Ho lias accordingly invested his capital in a large news agency concern in London, nnd has, I hear, every prospect of doing well. A Bomewliat unpleasant contretemps oc curred in connection with Midwinter's de parture for England, to try issues witti tho English cricketers upon thoir own ground. Tho Uamiiton Spectator's Melbourne cor respondent says: — Tho nows of liis intention to return to England became known some how to his creditors, and thoy watched his movements. He had friends among the engineiuen of tho s.s. Durham, which sailed on Saturday last, for London; They stowed him nwny in the stoke-hole, nnd all seemed to he right. But the men of the law were nfler him, making a thoroniri, - His legs were too long for the buuk in he was hidden. They betrayed him ?11 poor debtor was caught, but somi-u-' managed to settle toe business, nnd ti L land he went by tho Durham. EuS" The ball of toe Meobacics' Inotitnl- , Bnllnrnt was engaged by Mr Corbvu t to .morrow and Saturday uveniues i, a fr turned out that it was to be used for uj' exhibttions, and to this the committee on?' institution objected, nnd have refSs '6 allow their lmll to bo used, Mr Corbvn T.i- 0D r,'GH and the Courfo? I'!' excitedly takes up tho matter- w» glad to Fee the committee deal th,, ?;"0 rously with tho subject, in spit" of ??" Corbyn s opinion that ho can dofv ft. decision. The mere nnnouneement that,?'' hall would be devoted to pugilistic m . r- turns is an insult to the wfiole comm,S' and not a man exists in Bnllarat who wn'i : not cordially support the committee inl and every measure they may deem advis.tf to employ to put a stop to such au o„f ' rage. 0Ul% ! According to the Sydney Morning HcriM ! Mr Flood, pump maker, of Melbourne s'nt ! one of his water lifters to the Exhibition1 i ! not in sufficient time for it to compote V, ' prize. It was got up expressly for the n- l- easion, being painted and decorated i- - more artistic fashion that those he j sells. When hclarrived on too grounds fi \ time aftor, he had some difficulty iH rl ! nising the production he was so proud -?' I and wns considerably nstonished nt(hs,„' i ing thnt somo person had, with „ 1 looking coat of paint, transmogrified it so I i speak, into something so nkin t0 production, ' of other manufacturers that there was no i manifest difference botween the two to ' inexperienced eye. Play of this kiwi is ; childish nnd unfnir to those who tako tho : trouble to send a useful article a longwav for i exhibition, that few would regret if means "! were found tolpunish those guilty of it; 1 In reference to Mr Dampicr'B Hamlet ft,, i Sydney Morning Herald says :-FourieeVre? presentations of Hamlet during a eompara. i lively short season, by one nctor, is certainly '' an event iu tho theatrical anunl3 of the : colony. Yet this is what Mr Dampier has ' done ; and he has succeeded in in-ratiatio? himrclf moro with his audienceV every ' occasion. His Hamlet is now more popular ' thnn it was during tho first week of its per. i fonrance. This ib partly because his cod. I ception of the character is better understood i and partly because Mr Dampier is now bo > thcroughly ot homo with his audience, and ! sufficiently en rapport with the compauy ' that he is nt leisure to devote himself without ' distraction to the impersonation of his part, j Another ' bonyip" stoiy. Under the head o£ I "What is it?" the Singleton Argua i writer A same h'ng, ' w lose only < recommendation has been its absence from ! this locality for n number of years, is said ' to b a ve comeback to its old quarters iu the I Hunter River at Singleton, within tho past ! few days, and to have been successful in ! " half frightening tho wits" out of several i lucky enough to catch a glimpse of it, j Whatever it may be— bunjip presumably- ! it resembles in size, colour, and appearance a ! large smoothhaired, retriever dog, and is to j be seen at night in pursuit of fish- Tlio3C ! who declare they have seen it, positively ties- ' describe it as bearing thnt appearance, ; Kevera! times during tho pnst fortnight it i has made its appearance after sundown, and ! been plainly eeeu by toe moonlight in tho i vicinity of a deep pool in toe river behind i Mr Ntill's farm at Combo, It was first i noticed by a young boy, who, whilst fording j the stream oloso by, was surprised ; at sn _ unusual stir among the ' fieb, which were very numer- ous nt the spot; and on turning to look for the cause, was greatly frightened by seeing ! too creature plunging in chase of them, it I need not be Raid that be took to his heels, i and arrived home " as pale as a ghost" to S relate the fact, Subsequently it was plninly j seen reclining on a log in the stream, but, ou j a sudden exclamation, dived down into the pool. A few mornings ngo the hole (which i iB about twelve feet deep) was examined by I means of a pitchfork, and the indescribable j animal wns said to ho plainly felt bounding 1 oat of reach of the prongs. Wc simply give the facts as our informant gave them to us. leaving onr readers to form their own con clusions. Whatever gonus this "odd fish'1 may beloDg to, rumour says that something B:milar has in past years been observed is toe deep pools adjoining the railwav bridge at Gowrie. A watch wns to be kept on the first-mentioned spot this week, in the hope of securing a Bhot at the stranger. At the next vacancy of toe Tiara (says the Spectator), there will probably be two English Cardinals, the Dope having an« nounced to Monsignor Howard that hp will receive the " hot" next month. Monsignor Howard is a member of toe Norfolk family, forty-eight years of age, and personally a favourite at the Vatican, whore he holds the post of Vicnr of St. Peter's. He is said to be a man of sweet and stately character, and of considerable learning, and he has once or \ twice been employed on missions of some delicncy, but ho bad never obtained any of tbo | higher offices of the Church, though formnlly j styled the "suffragan Bishop of Frascati," nnd Archbiahsp in pnrtibus of Neo-C'msarca. His appointment is ratber a remarkable one, as there are three English- spenkiiig Cardinals i already — Cullen, Mnnning, nnd M'Closkcy— and the English Catholics will, after his Domination, be over- represented, nnd it gives 1 rise to a surmise that a now English candi- . r'ute might not be unwelcome to the Conclave. I The Cardinals may step outside Italy, and .f they do, may prefer nn Englishman, andif an Eng'iehman, then nn hereditary Catholic, belong; eg to one of the few English families which i : e recognised on tho Continent ns great. The tint concert of Mr IV. E. Furlongs | pupils w.ll take plnco ibis evening, at the I Athenaeum Hall. A good programme has . heeu piepured, consisting of ballads, operatic selections, choruses and instrumental teleo- tions. , The concert for tho benefit of tbo fund for the muaicul instruction of the child now known ub the Australian Mozart, will tako place on Snlurday evening at the Town Hall, under the patronage of Bis Excellency the tho Governor, and Lady Bowen, ana the members of the City Council, ,3'lits re markable child has already appealed in public Eeveral times, and his wonderful gifts P'acu it beyond nli question that he iBone of those musical geniuEcs which occasionally staruo the world. It haB been determined to scna trim to Europe to complete his educa tion, and there is every reason w anticipate thnt ho well turn out. musical star of tho first magnitude, r addition to tho extraordinary performances of the youngster himself, n numbered tn | leading professionals nnd amnleurs will co i tribute to the success of the concert, ana fiuo programme has been prepared, I The varied and entertaining programme presented nt St; George's Hnll by the . Minstrels continues to nttrnct nudieoccB ; and deservedly so, for enclt p ' lion of the business is unique of its K' ' Tho excessively comic fnreeB kept tuo dience Inst night in n continual state ot Bi _ splitting mirth, the Big 4, esp' f J' being almost pninfully funny. Mr B.en, ., cccentrioilieB uro also grontly rolisueii, conjuring feats (assisted by Mr liuckky) _ tho Magician of Kalamazoo creating roa of laughter. Mr Kolilvr likowiso contributes some excellent flageolet music, which is received. Tho performance winds up tho Heroes of the PlainB, in which the a enco is treated to some comic Indian u ncss. . ,, 0 There wns a tremendous house a Princess's Inst night, ami the vitrioos . bouts wero applauded in the inoBtdoarenwe mnmier, Harry fnllnrs's aj>p«ar'1" nn(j ring wasnsignnl fur continued si M(iJ0 cbieis, nrnl oil during -his ect-to (l t|,a great enthusiasm was shown, " strictest order prevailed. (;l,r' j cx. Mace's buttle, likewise, ' cans. M ni luc eiloment. nnd wlnle it lasted t . ol|Utjsni tussle. 'J'hc swoiduianship lefloriptioa which were of the very bes (||0 gave great satisfaction. ininn;0no go to last oi tho season, 'the champiouo g Bnllnrnt to-morrow. 