)r|4E PEERYBINGLE i V;l, J»PER8.„ f ; ! . . " - - that fightsand rani sway, 5 Shalllive to ftght another day." What te Rev., Canon M'Cullagh I videptiy thinks just and reasonable. The com- I loitttoioL bis church — St. Paul's, Sandhurst — I having rendered themselves liable for a debt Of I £1,500 on that edifice, h&veheea; served with a I wrlt-for the recovery of the money. This is too I much for the, Rev. Canon, who declares that I he cannot bear to stay and see it oat. He says I that he oannot stay and see his committee sold ; I and thathe has infermed the Bishop of his deter- I dnation to hook it, while the lambs are being I led to the slaughter. This is very tender- I hearfcwd and touching in the excellent Canon.. I Mr. Harold Skimpole, if I remember aright, | ©ould not bear to stand by while his friends I look upon themselves the brunt of his debts I and troubles. His was far too sympathetic a I nature for such coarse agonies. Well, the Canon I tells us that some such scruples trouble him ; I bat he doesu't explain how running away will assist to remedy the' matter. However, let us hope that there will be no need for the Canon's bolt from the scene of slaughter, and that his flock will rescue their pledged lambs from | the, stern knife of the bailiff, by dubbing I np subscriptions handsomely. Then shall | the ' Canon rest in peace, and all shall j go on like clock-work, though not on I tick. And, seriously, it does seem a sorry matter to find a church in debt. It wouldn't happen, however, if zealons people would but fyfry-fUft a discretion in building a church tindVay to that by which they would be guided la the construction of a profane and secular habitation. They shouldn't start before they're ready, you know ; 'tis a bad plan, even under the braveBt promise of success. Too mueh of Master Billy Gaunson has j nauseated the stomach of the Sandridge Reform It has given up the ghost. Well, nothing in the obituary of silly ambitions could have better pleased me, or " any other sane mm." Fer, look you, the political well-being of a country is of too serious import to justify us hi standing by with indifference while babes and sucklings make it their plaything. And so, as that promising "babe and suckling Master William Gaunson proposed to use the Sandridge Inform League as a means by which he might nlifnh into the cradle of politics, we may fairly oongcatulate the public that his hopes have been Mattered to the winds. There is further pro- «»ii> that the other interesting cadet of the | house of Gaunson will come to political grief. I Tha dove of Ararat does not seem inclined to I alight upon his finger, coax he never so I wiuningly. It is a knowing — aye, a downey— j Mid," and is not to be caught by any salt that j Mr. David Gaunson can put upon its tail. 1 Ik |s superior to any birdlime of his manufac ture, anyway, and banlc the gods for it. It Is bid enoughto haVecleverbut unscrupulous men in bur councils, but unscrupulous boobies are not only djuigerons but wearisome. Such > fellows are puffed up with conceit as a bladder filled with wind ; it needs but a prick from the mflk of public opinion to cause them to col- |spse, There is now some promise that this Will soon come about, and then good-bye babies, for (ever and a day. You shall go back to your winery, and play with toys suitable to your Bless you ! my sweet cherubs — bless you ! What is called by the newspapers ' 1 singular treatment of a hospital patient," is a matter of no ftheh rarity that it should excite much atten tion in, the public mind. But for all this, when one . Is told of that admirable institution, the Melbourne Hospital, how perfectly it is governed by its directory, how attentively its patients are trefcted by the medical staff, one may be apt to Oonkider that this " singular treatment of a hos pital patient" occurs a trifle too frequently to riin neck and neck with consistency. Now, I kem we have this case of the man, Herman Heydmann. His was a case of very " singular I treatment." Taken to the hospital, he is left | In a casualty ward for two hours before the sur- I goon visits him ; then the surgeon says that the I CM Is one for a physician. The physician being I appealed to, declares that it is a case for the KUgedli, n( sends the poor devil back to that gentleman. Well, the man, declining to undergo an operation, is gently put out of the hospital Into the street— and, so far, the noble1 of charity has been upheld. How ever, Herman Heydmann was obstinate enough to get worse, spite of this- tender treatment ; end so . after some further, delay, he was rC-ad- mitted to the hospital— where be died, like a seasonable being. The papers call this singular treatment ! Why, my good friends, it happens every day of the week, and is quite consistent with the vestry etyle and system with which the hospitti is governed. Too inany cooks spoil the broth, especially when they are old women ; and it is just tb«« fact which explains the fre- quency of the record of " Singular Treatment of a Hospital Patient " in the public Press. There is one view, however, which should, not be over- looked — the 'medical officers can always; "ex- plain " to the satisfaction of a coroner's jury. Such is the moral force of science, and what more can a reasonable man need ? Mr. J. Ellis Stewart is a gentleman of zeal, if not of discretion. He is always putting forth some philanthropic dodge as a sop to public sympathies., His latest little game is of the Spartan order, for it points to the object of making every child of the State understand how to use the stomach-pump, Dr. Halford's injec- tion for snake-bite, rolling and blanketing drowned persons back to life again, and a variety of other interesting matters connected with the ills and accidents incidental to human life. But Mr. J. Ellis Stewart is scarce com- prehensive enough in his schemes for popular education. Why, now, should he not admit the manly art of self-defence as a necessary feature of a useful and ornamental education, together with the efficient treatment of a blackened eye by the application of a beef-steak poultice or a cold door-key ? Am I joking ? By no means. Mr. J. Ellis Stewart's humanitarian sympathies are so broad and benevolent that 1 am sure he would not hesitate to accept any suggestion, however commonplace, pointing to the good of his fellow-creatures. Here is one. So long as humanity lasts, humanity will fight, and black eyes and swollen noses will be of constant occurrence. Perhaps Mr. J. Ellis Stewart never had a black eye. I have ; and I swear that never was mortal more grateful to artist than I, when a Creole barber painted out the bruise from the gaze and observation of the vulgar crowd. Here, Mr. Stewart, you will observe a sensitiveness to disgrace which might lead to poison and the stomach-pump, or drown- ing and log-rolling. Therefore, my philan- thropic, strike at the cause as well as the effect. Teach the generous youth of the country the mysterious value of raw beef-steak under such circumstances as I have indicated ; cultivate their artistic talents in this field also, and you may — who knows ? — save many a poor fellow from despair and death, wrought by the disgrace of a black eye. You are a philosopher, | sir, as well as a practical philanthropist. I feel proud to submit these suggestions to your analytical consideration. The M'Kean met with a rebuff the other day which must have saddened his great souL A gentleman of the name of Coffee, whose occupa- tion is that of a dealer in old metals, rags, bones, and such-like savoury articles, was summoned under the new Act for an infraction of the law, and he was fined £5. Well, Mr. M'Kean, who defended him, immediately gave notice of appeal, and left the court. The deliniquent Coffee, however, passed a roll of notes to the clerk, with a suggestive wink at the magistrates. " What are you paying the fine for ?" asked the terrible Templeton, with one of his most awful glares. " Why do you pay the fine when your solicitor has given notice of appeal ?" " Ah, yes ! I know," said Coffeee, with a knowing leer at the Bench ; " it's allright, your worship, I don't want no appeal. He" — and here he jerked his thumb in the direction of the door — "he only wants to run up a bill, you see. I ain't on';" and with another friendly wink, Coffee went back to his rags, bones, and old metals. Now, this Coffee, unlike his august brother of the Gold Coast, is a very wise man. He thoroughly understands the wisdom of the saying — "The first loss is always the cheapest." One of Dot's lodgers — the man who nearly burnt the house down — has had a row with a dog inspector. I believe that is what you call him — the man who hunts up the dog" fees, i i Well, it appears that the /"dog-days" out our I way last all the year round. You are never safe from the visitations of the inspector. My friend — the man who nearly burnt the bouse down, not the man who lost his boots, or the man with short eye-sight — owns a dog, which he calls " Father Bacchus," fdt the reason, as I he facetiously explains, that the dog has long j hair. So, when the inspector came round, he J said, " Whose dog is that?" pointing at Father I Bacchus, as he lay, showing his teeth — "whose I dog is that ?" " Mine," answered the man who J nearly burnt tbe house down — " mine." I " What's his name ?" said the inspector, with a view to opening up the object of his I visit. " Father Bacchus," was the answer, j " What ?" said the inspector, with a frown — I " what ?" " Father Bacchus," continued the I man who nearly burnt the house down, with an j impel turbable air — " Father Bacchus." " What d'ye call him that for ?" asked the inspector. " Because he's got long hair," was the answer. " Well, Father Bacchusisn'tregistered," said the inspector. " Yes he is," said the man who nearly burnt the house down — "yes, he is. " I say he isn't, "roared the inspector, now fairly roused. " I say he is," answered the in cendiary ; " what do you know of mythology ?" " Myth what ?" said the inspector. " Confound you, I'll show you I ain't a myth. Are you going to register your dog t" " Oh, ah 1 yes, my dog — Father Bacchus, you know — well, I'll think of ! it and as he spoke he gently opened the gate, and winked at Father Bacchus. The next moment that intelligent animal was playing with the seat of that inspector's unmentionables ; and that inspector had to walk home sideways, in order to escape a prosecution for indecent ex posure. This is what Father Bacchus has done, and the man who nearly btirht the house down says he is only keeping up the credit eft his namesake. But there'll be a row about Father j JBacchus, I'm sure ; and what with one matter and another, I'm inclined to agree with Dot, I that keeping lodgers isn't half the rosy game j some people would think — or else, with- my i usual luck, I've been patronised by "eccentrics. j . JOHN PEERYBINGLE, 