SYDNEY.. ;,,.:.:' 1 FBOM OVB O W COBBESPOjroEOT.l. . : i . ' ? ' RAm '''? ANHIVEBSABTiREOAITA;.-,] ? .: ,' .1 PitOOEEDINGS AiJAINST CAPTAIN;'. BALFOUR. '?.';., :i^,; )..sjj! :?? Eobbino OBoaABDB.! yjy ?.-.:.' ? : -.-? ?!.:?.? iTJanuary 27.- .^ Rain is now falling, ?. and) there is every appoaranoe of its continuance. _ The Anniversary Regatta held yesterday was a most successful affair. . Th.0 case against Captain- Balfour, of J;he E. and A. Company's steamer Brisbane, for going alongside a wharf -with an infections disease aboard, is still proceeding.:' -From the evi dence taken it seems almost certain that lie wiu db conviccea 01 tnis ouonco. : . . , . ? ; 'While some boys were robbing an orchard yesterday near the city, the owner threw some stones at them ; one of the stones struck a boy on tho head, and killed him, and an enquiry into tho case is now proceeding. '-. Sdnday AuBANQEKENTS.-^-The religious ser vices to-morrow will include the following : — New Church, Temperance Hall: Services at 11 a.m. and 7 p.m. ; the subject of tho evening sermon will bo, ' Then that which is Worso, or Spiritual Drunkenness.' The Rov. Petor Campbell will conduct services in the large room of tho Town Hall at half-past 7 p.m., when he will doliver threobnof sermons on tho following subjects : ' Tho life of Christ,' 'The good Shepherd,' and' Jesus, blessing : Little Children.' Services will beheld at' 11 a.m. and 7 p.m.- in the' Baptist Church, Fortescuo-streot. At tho Toowong Churoh of England, the Ven. Archdeacon G-lonnio will conduct tho morning service, and the Sight Rov. Dr. Halo, the evening service. East Moheton Aobicuwubaii and Honii cuiujrai. Association's Snow. — Tho 'summer show of this association will bo held on Tues day, tho 6th of February next. ' In connection with tho show, the Commissioner for Railways announces that excursion tickets, at ainglo fares for tho double journey, .will bo issued from all stations on the 'Southern and 'Western Railway to Brisbane, on the 5th and 6th, which will be available for return uptothe 8th. ' Police. Court.— At. the Police Court- this morning there was again a total : absonco of drunkards,: -:: ?? ??? : ? ,? The -Iia'tb- Tbatk to': -Ipswich:— What is called tho opora train .on the railway—that leaving Brisbane at 11.25 p.m., will, ? on and after 'Wednesday next, ^January. 31st,:be .-puit- baok to the old time, 10.40 p.m.- ??? i The New Bbisbane. Cluji. — 'there will be a meeting of tho members of this club on Mon day afternoon, at tho officos of tho ; honorary secretary, Kingsford's Buildings, for tho elec tion of threo trustees and two auditors. . The East 'Wahd.— Mr. 'William Pottigrew has consented, in consequence of an influontially signed requisition, to stand for the older manship of tho East Ward when vacated by tho retiring alderman. ? : The Volumteeks. — On 'Wednesday ovoning next, at half-past 7 o'clock,, the firstcomman dant's parade of the volunteer ongincers, rifles, and cadots, under tho1 nowly-appointod com mandant, Major M'Donnell, will tako placo at the drill-room, George-street. The nominations to fill tho vacancies caused by tho promotion of Captains Bf'Donnell arid 'Geary to' the offices, of Major in thoir respective companies, closed on Thursday last. Lieutenant Adams was tho only ono nominated to fill the post of Captain of No. 1 Company, Rifles, and. was thoreforo, wo supposo, duly, elected to tliat post. Lieute nants Bourne and Webb aro nominated for tho captainoy of the Artillery, a'nd; the, ballot will take placo on Monday noxt. . ? ?-.: ., j ... ; NbW ;Pbimitive Methodist- Oinmcii' for Paddii«»t.on.— We tindprstand that tho!'Hon J. R. Dickson, who had engaged to turn tho first sod ^connection with :tho layingiof tho foundation stonoof tho now Primitive Methodist Church at Paddington, boirig absent from home for a short timo, and the woathor also being unpropitious, tho foundation servicoa havo been postporiedfor a fow' weeks. In tho moan timo, sovoral friends of tho church aro actjvoly engagod in canvassing* for subscriptions to aid in tho erection of the now church, whioh when completed will seat a congrogation of about two hundred.: . '? . . : ; E.UNl'ALIi FOB NOVEMBEE. — Mr. E. Mao Dorinoll, tho Government Meteorological Observer, publishes in to-day's ? Government Gazette a tablo of tho rainfall at tho various stations in Queqnsland during the month of Npvombor last, from: which, wo learn that tho groateBt rainfall which occurred at any placo during the month was 0-90 inohes, which took place at Cardwell. Rain foil on eight days at Rookhampton, Tambo, and Briabano. -: Tho greatest fall of rain in twonty- four hours, viz., S-tS itinliPR. rtpjlili-vprl nt; dcnvneii- nwrxv ? t\y\ t\\\n lfith. No rain foil during tho month: at Cam boon, Oharlovillo, or Condamine. Now stations havo boon established' at Jimhour, , Talgai; Westhrook (Darling Downs), and Yandilla. Sale of Runs. — A supplement to tho Govern ment Gazette was issued this afternoon, notify ing the sale by auction on Tuesday, tho 20th March noxt, by Mr. ArUiur Martin, of tho iwoxpircd - torms- of tho. leases' of- .JotfoHed - runs of Crown lands (purveyed) intbeuuBottloil.' distriots'of WarrogOj iBurko, Mitchell, Gregory' North, North Konnoih', and South MKoiutcdy; also, of tho unexjired torms of ,.tha leases of; unsuryeyed. runs- in. tho : unspttled Idistric'tp.ijf Burke, Xoicbhardt,', 'Gregory ^.oi»th- JlaranipB, arid Mitchell, on tho'samo date.'',' .',' '?? ' ' '- '.* '.',' OUU VolnNTBEB FOBOE i tN ' DANaEB.^ Wo shall havo trouble yot with our. volun-. toers. I can see it comingf on by; tho lottors in the papers. First, M'Donnoll bios beon pro moted to bo Major-Commandant over tho head of Goary, who has only boon raised to tho rank of Major. As tho No. 1 Battory of Volunteer Artillery, of which Geary hns thb command, is oomposod oiolusivoly of gontlomon, tho only gentlemen soldiers j ;wo havo, it was folt as a porspnal insult by tho mombora of that battory not to givo thoir captain tho command of. tho wholo force, and thero is talk of thowholo resigning, to show their sonua of tho indignity thoy havo boon made to suffer. If this ho- so, wo in Brisbano will havo to depend upon the Ipswich volunteer artillery in caso of thoir services '^Doing ro quirod — and what -will becomo of us thon, I should like to know. Not only so, but tho volunteer rifles aro in imminent dangor of being demoralised also. Tho gontlomcn of tho No. 1 Battery of Artillery aro as good as gono — M'Donnnll is to ho made Major,- and now tho momentous question is— who IB to be Captain of No. I 'Volunteer Rifles? It is not efficiency in drill, onthusiasm in thoyolunteorjmovemont, and a soldierly feeling 'whioh is required to tako command of No. 1 company— not a bit of it. What is required is a gentleman of high sooial position. It will bo timo enough, to talk about efficiency when tho volunteers have roal work to do — if ovor: that time comes; at prcsont it is only playing at ; soldiers, and there fore tho 'gentlemen' can and ought to havo tho whole thing under their control. Thoy will all retiro if tho f orco has to go on active duty ,or if they do not, so much! the worse for: the force) I think it would be a great pity to sacrifice respeotability and sooial position to mere efficiency, zeal, and enthusiasm in the movement. As a writer in one of our daily papers very truly observed tho other day: — ? \ As it is not a sine' qua noil that our cfiptauiB ebonld be soldiers, at least lot -us liavo tlioin 'gonUoman, Thoro nro soveral unattuchcil offlcevs who would roflect crodit on any corps, nnd it. would be a 'graceful aot, una I feolciirtriln prove o£ grcat.seryico;t|O No. 1 Company woro thoy to' elect' one oftlioso goniloineu as captain ; nt least it would givo a status to tlio com pany, which it is queatiouablo if it now possesses. Them's' my ^seritimehtg exactly.' -'While oar 'Volunteers have old rifles which thoy ;daro not let off for fear of acoidonts, and only half enough of theso antcililnvian weapons to arm ?the forco with, while bayonets nro still scarcer, nnd manual and platoon ' drill has' to bo gono through in dumb show for lack of ' ari adequato supply of weapons— why of course, it is. not a 'tine Qua non that our captain-i should bo soldiers. No, all that is wanted of them is that 'they should be 'gentlemen'' in the conventional sense of tho term. Don't you think so? — ' Odd Notes ' in The Week. ? : ! Wadino THEOnon TnE ' Aps.'-r-On ldoldng over our advertising columns yosterday wo were nuita m-fttifiort to nnf.ip.n n-.TtirtBtj-nlohsinc variety of notifications' under tho head- of ' Public Notices.':; Our printer, :beirig a mar ried man — as all respectable printers' ought to be — evidently considered tho following piece of ''agony' tho most important to tho; public, tind therefore put it at the head of the column: ' Two young raon, latoly arrived from tho Palmer, wish to correspond with two young ladies' ' hotwben the ages or 24 and 26, with a vlow to matrimony. Money no object. . , Precisely. But why go to the trouble of adding 'Money no object?' Every young lady in Brisbano knowB, or at all events: is folly im pressed with the idea,, that when young mon from tho Palmer, or from any other place ?where tho ' colour ' can. be got, como onj a fossicking expedition to Brisbane, all pecuniary' considerations are thrown aside as so much useless tailings, and things generally aro gone in for regardless of expense, if there's only the ghost of a show. Wo ore personally awaro of tho. existence of- sevoral young ladies in thiB city 'between ? the ages of 24 and 26' — in fact mora so— whoso growth would not bo spoiled by a matrimonial allianco, and wo aro quito : suro that thoso two young men from the- country will moot with tho most unqualified success if they only go about tho thing in the orthodox stylo — got a full- sharo hat at Clarko and Treleavon's, a couple of heavy-looking knuckledustors and a loud chain at the Grotto, and hang out a couplo of rugged-looking nuggets (which Undo Mor wich can supply), to ensure an auriferous tout ensemble — then a couplo of visits to tho opora with tho fair ono, and a drivo to Sandgato on Sunday; and after that, if thero ho any just cause or impediment — why, may we dio an old hachelor! . . . . But we are allowing this matrimonial affair to lead us away from the idea with which we started — just :tho samo as wo used to bo led away by tho girls in our time, letting everything else slide, till at length ?we ourselvos ' led away' one of them, for ' better or worso ; and hero we ore :— ; ; I do hereby uckiiuwluilgo that what I havo said against tho charaotot of Mr. — — ?— -. — , and aa having proved it to bo trao with inino own oyoa, is not the . truth, and I do now rcgrot having said bo. Wo have, often heard peoplo expressing. . a, doubt as to whothor they could beliove thoir own eyes, but hero we have a gentleman (whoso namo wo need not repeat here) ' giving the Ho direct to his visual organs, and express ing regrot at having allowed himself : to bo misled by them, to the detriment of anothor gentlemen, -whoso namo it is oqually unneces sary for us to mention. . . .. Passwoonto ?the noxt: — - - - - Mr. E..Thomo is booking orders for bggs from his' imported poultry. Is. and Is: 6d. each. Apply, Patriot oillco. ....... ..-..- ? ? ? ?,/ Surely thero must bo somo mistako hore, or clso eggs are going 'high! If we may quoto from this authoritv, oggs, to speak commercially, aro : now being pjaced —or, to uso a moro appropriate and, withal, svnonymous term, laid — at eighteen shillings a d*ozon. To gods and littlochickens ! Wo have often promised our bettor half — curious division of unity P— that wej would go in for raising poultry when sufheiont inducement qffored.' -That timo scorns to havo now arrived. Tho following-, howovor, would' bo ?bettor suited to tho Bttito of our finances at present : — ! To bo glvon awfty. , £30 worth of an allotment nt Oxloy West. Tllo'tiiidoi-slgned Is authorieed to givo tt full- Bizod nllotraent in tho township as a free gift to any person who will immqdlatoly. build a hoiiso to tho value of JC75 tlioreon. . Tho houso to bo oreoted witliin a BpeclBcd ' timo.' Apply to Georgo Harden, Town Hall. That'B a reasonahlo ' prico^ — we allude : to tho1 first part of tho advortisoment ; : wo cannot quito understand tho proviso contained in tho latter part. It has not yot struqk' us why a person finding himsolf in a generous mood, and wishing to bestow a full-sized, allotmont at Oxloy West tinon some deserving objeot, should stipulato that tho reoipiont: shall' put £75 worth of a houBo. on it in a specifipd timo. Wo havo no^doubt/,' however, that^ the ' proviso is.insorted from tho purest of philanthropic motives. .'We 'shall stop aoross to the'Town Hall, and soo Mr: Hardon— Thd following, which ako anpeared in our columns lately, is worthy of serious; attention :— ?? ? ;? ' ??'??.??.: ' 'Wanted ,by .tt.higjily. rospectatilo ladyi with a^Th oonio o[ two' hundred a your, a ouitablo pat-tnor for lifq— ouo who ls.not prejudiocd against pockmarked . faoo. Communications .striotly. private.. AdJross, ' E.S.P.,' Telegraph Oillco, Brisbano. ' For. yonngmon wlio.do not hail from Gympip or tho Palmer, and who oannot lay thoir. hands on thoir hearts niul say 'Monoy no object,' tho above is. (ivory fair opportunity indoed, and wo hopo the lonoly and afflioted udvortiBer will find in. Brisbano ntlonst !tono,,who is not projudicod nsjiiinBt apock-raarkedfaco,' who would bo willing to entor intp.partnership with ? hor for tho term' of 'Mb 'natural9 life. Wo boliovo thoro aro many young follows in this city who could ond^iro two hrindrod a yoar, and- -whoso natural ? disthsto for pock-nmrks wbTild. most' probably 'bo got ovor by tho' con^ sidoratiori'nnmed.-; -f We shall be/happy if idvonts should 'proyo that wo- hayo been tho'humblo-' instrnmonts of bringing' about tho- happy- con-1 summation' desired, by thus directln'g attention1 to this generons offer. Suqh ohanpoa 'iloii't' pften occur in' a'lifcitime; ?*' '- ' -r- '6 1 ? O (? -1 --??''?;.?;?'?: 7.P:ii.-l:i;.iii-.f..o 