VICTORIA. Arrangements have been concluded by the Govern- mental New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia with the Netherlands- India Steam Naviga- tion Company, on terms previously stated, by which the company undertakes to run a steamer between Port Darwin and Banjoewangi whenever a break in the submarine cable may render it necessary. ! Miss Ada Ward, the celebrated actress, is to be defendant in an action for breach of promise of marriage, preferred against her by a Mr. Ogborne. An application was made on Monday for a capias to compel Miss Ward to give security to meet any damages that might be awarded in the case, and directions were given for its issue, but it was subsequently found that Miss Ward left for Sydney on Saturday. The Melbourne correspondent of the Riverine Herald states that the action will cause no end of fun. "The plaintiff, a young doocor, has duly filed his declaration in the prothonotary's office, stating that before Miss Ward left England, she was engaged to him, and that it was arranged that he should come out and marry her. Nevertheless, when he came and was prepared to fulfil his part of the contract she refused, for which he claims £1000 damages." Amongst the N.I.S.N. Company's steamer from Java is Mr. R. G. Wells, of New York, a professional (aeronaut, who has made many ascents, the last two being at Batavia. Mr. Wells has his balloon and apparatus with him, and intends making a tour of the colonies. Intelligence has been received by the Californian mail that Mr. Farquharson, the old and popular vocalist, intends revisiting Victoria. in writing to a friend in Geelong, he alludes to the domestic affliction he had experienced in the loss of his wife and mother. He states that it is more than probable that he will be in Victoria before the end of the year. Amongst the passengers who arrived in the Lady Jocelyn was Mr. Thomas Spurgeon, son of the well-known preacher of that name. Strange to say, in the list of passengers the name of "Sexton" appears no fewer than nine times. What that may indicate may probably be afterwards "tolled," M. von Guerard has just completed for Mr. Ware a sunny picture of Tasmanian scenery. It represents (says the Argus) a waterfall on one of the sources at the Clyde, near Bothwell, a few miles to the west of the main road at Green Ponds. The stream flows over a semi- circular ledge of basaltic rock into a natural basin, and forces, with its surroundings, a scene which is well adapted for artistic treatment. It has been painted with obvious fidelity, and with that close attention to detail which forms one of the characteristics of M. von Guerard's careful work. The Bendigo Independent has been informed that a requisition, signed by a considerable number of persons, has been presented to the Rev. Dr. Somerville, asking him to offer up a special prayer for the secular press of Sandhurst." Certainly the morals of the press here, or anywhere else, are not far above the average of other professions, and undoubtedly there is much scope for the good doctor's intervention. The Argus (remarks the Talbot Leader) is continually turning up its hundred eyes at the lament- able want of Australian geographical knowledge evinced by its home contemporaries. "sides," however, needs to furnish up his geography, for in his last week's contribution to the Australasian he commences a paragraph thus : " There is a place in New South Wales called Dimboola." " AEgles " ought to feel rather small when we commend to him a study of such works of reference as may serve to extend his geographical knowledge, and place him in possession of the information be lacks, namely, that Dimboola is in Victoria, its site being in the Wimmera district, 23 miles north-west of Horsham. A curious instance of the cunning disposition shown by prisoners in gratifying their prospetisities whilst undergoing confinement has (says the Age) occurred at the Pentridge stockade where, to the astonishment of the officials, some of the prisoners employed as bakers and cooks were observed to be under the influence of something stronger than gaol water. The only information our local correspondent could gain on the subject was that a quantity of yeast is used in the prison bakehouse, a double allowance being supplied on Saturday, Whether the prison baker is an adept in the art of brewing or not, it is evident the yeast underwent some process to make it drinkable, and the grey jackets indulged too freely in their new beverage. The authorities will probably take pecuniary measures to prevent a repetition of the affair. A number of fossil bones (says the Ararat Advertiser) have been brought into the town from one of the cuttings on the Ararat and Hamilton line, dug up at from 12ft to 16ft. deep, out of a mark deposit. The bones must be some thousand years old, and some of them appear to belong to the skeleton of a man, but, unfortunately, they are very much fractured. They will be sent to Professor M'Coy in the course of a day or two for classification and description. An Agricultural College is to be established. At a meeting of the committee appointed to carry out the resolutions passed at the meeting of delegates from the various agricultural societies, in re agricultural colleges, etc., resolutions were carried to the effect that an Agricultural College be at once established in a central position, with from 1,000 to 3,000 acres of land attached that the Minister of Lands be requested to endow the agricultural college with a grant of 30,000 acres of land, 5,000 of the same to be reserved in the parish of Egerton, and 5,000 in the Colac and Cape Otway state forest, and that the Minister of Agriculture he requested to endow the college. A deputation was appointed to wait upon the Minister named, and it was decided to issue a circular to all agricultural societies in the colony, seeking co- operation. The Chinese camp on Friday night (says the Ballarat Star) resembled a vast beehive more than anything else, for it was crowded from dusk until dawn by larrikins, Chinese, and sight-seers male and female. The annual ceremony of providing food, raiment, and firing for the souls of those Chinese who have died by violence or accident was performed, a priest coming from Dunolly to officiate. About £30 was collected to pay expenses, and was laid out in firewood, food, and paper patterns of clothing. At dusk a fire was lit in the open air, and tom-toms, kettledrums, and reed pipes used, to produce an ear- splitting chorus. This music, un- earthly, though not very spiritual, was kept up until midnight, to attract the attention of the spirits for whose benefit the good things were provided. Spirit etiquette seems to be the same all the world over, and it is not the thing" for even Chinese ghosts to walk before midnight. At that witching hour gin and wine were spilt upon the earth, and dishes, wherein rice, fowls, fruit, vegetables, and pudding formed an old pounds, were placed round the fire, When the spirits were supposed to have eaten enough to last them for another twelvemonth, and warmed themselves thoroughly, the paper clothes were burnt, amid many quaint ceremonies. Mr. Charles Yeo, the president of the Bendigo Agricultural Society, has hit upon a novel scheme for securing a subsidy for agricultural associations (says the Bendigo A Advertiser) which he intends to submit for approval or otherwise at an early meeting of the society. Mr. Yeo, in referring to the matter at the meeting of the committee on Saturday last, stated that he thought the time had arrived when the agricultural societies should make application to the Government that some means should be adopted whereby persons-farmers, etc. who received a benefit from the societies might be compelled to contribute towards their support. To this end he intended to move, at the next meeting, that the Government should be requested to insert a clause in the Local Government Act, conferring on shire councils the power to levy a rate of 1d. in the £ on all agricultural properties, the amount accruing from this rate to be devoted to the funds of the recognised agricultural society of the district. He thought the time had come whonsomoprovision of the kind indicated should be made, and he also expressed the opinion that the practice of forming several small branch societies in what was in reality only one district should be discountenanced, agricultural interest would be much better served if one strong society were formed in each district. The motion, when it is brought on, will, in all probability, give rise to much discussion. Mr. Harry Rickards, the comique singer, has written to his agent, Mr. B. R. Patey, announcing that he has organised a first-rate variety troupe, which he is desirous of bringing to the Australian colonies. Mr. Rickards offers, through his agent, to make a composition with his creditors in Victoria and Sydney of fish. in the pound. Should this offer be declined, Rickards intends going to America instead of visiting the colonies. The greatest novelty in Melbourne this week (says the correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator), has been the number of pilchards which have been driven ashore on the Brighton beach by a shark estimated to be 25 feet long (more or less). The shoal was so thick, that, at low tide, carts were driven into the watermill filled with (each by merely dipping baskets into the sea. As a consequence, these delicious fish have been sold about town at almost nominal prices, and careful housewives have potted or otherwise preserved great numbers of them. were the source of supply so continuous as to be depended on, as in Cornwall, there is little doubt but that somebody would establish curing houses, where the fish could be packed a la sardine.. The first sitting of the Preston Police Court a few days ago was the occasion for bearing a most extraordinary case. Mr. Charles M. Fleming, of Northcote, was indicted on a sworn information, that be made use of the following expression to one Mander C. Plant, a child 12 years of age, and daughter of Mr. George Plant, late president of the shire, that " he hoped the next baby Her mother would have would be a serpent, and the next a snake, the next a child with one eye, and the next a devil." Mr. Walch, who appeared for the defence, alleged that there were offence disclosed on the summons, which could not be amended. Mr. Gillott, who appeared for the complainant, remarked that it was simply an application to have the defendant bound over to keep the peace. The presiding magistrates overruled the objection, and after hearing the evidence of the child, Fleming was bound over to keep the peace for six months, and find one surety of 225 "You had better ask for manners than money," said a finely dressed gentleman to a beggar boy, who had asked for alms. " I asked for what I thought you had most of, was the boy's reply. 