A FIRST-HAND GHOST ST03Y. A paper on tho Other World, which ap pears in tho current number of tho Church Quarterly Ifevicw, contains tho .followiug firut-hand story, whioh will no doubt bo wel come to many roadcro as a contribution to tho very largo number of authentio storicu testifying to appearances of a dying turn nt the moment of death to distant friends : — ' Tho fact is that thu class of what aro called 'ghoat stories' in bo numerous, and so thoroughly well authenticated, that tho hesi tation would rather bu as to whether thoy bo properly supomatural at all. Wo mean that the question arises whether it may not bo pos uiblc in tho nature of thingo— undor certain ciroumstancoa — for tho departing opirit to manifest ituclf to distant friondu at tho in Htant, the flouting moment, of transition from this world to the other ? If any ono replica, if so, why in it not even more- common '! our answer i» easy. Thoro aro uuinboru of thiugn quito natural which aro inuou inoro un common than the woll-nuoertained inutaueou of thio cla.yii of ovent. in the houueiii whioU thcoo pagoa nro written, a tall aud wide otiiircaso-winclow, with a northern rujpeot, tljrowu n otronij tiidu-light on tho ontruuou into tho chiof living- room, which attiud» at tint end of a paueago running nearly tho lcuglh of the houidj. It wuu aftur mid day, in midwintor, many yearn uiuco, that tho writor loft liiu ntudy, whioh opona into the pauuago juut mentioned, on liiu way to bin early dinner. Tho day wuu ruthor fogyy, but thoro wnu no dennity of vapor, yot tiio door at tho end of tlio pavnago noemed ob- soured by inUit. Ah bo advanced, tho mint;, oo to call it, gathered into ono upot, doop-' ened, aud formed ituelf into tho outline of n lmruau figure, the head aud uhouldoru bo* coming moru aud more diutinot, while tho root of tbo body Boomed viivolopud in a gauzy cloak-like vo»tmout of many foldo, tonuhlug downwards no wt to iildo tho foot, aud from its width, mi it rotted on tho fiuggud patum;;', giving a pyramidal outline, U'lio full lights of the window fell ou tho object, wliioli wa« so thiu and tomtom iu iU oonuisteiioy tlmt tho light on tlio pauol* of n highly vainiolicd door wore vlniblo tlirouglf tUln lower tiatb of tU« drosi, , , it w«» nftogvtlior colorlona, a statuo carved in mist. Tho writer waa so I startled that ho is uncertain whothor ho I moved forward or etood still. Ho was rather | astonished than torrified, for hia first notion I was that ho was witnessing aomo hitherto I unnoticed effect of light and ehndo. He had [ no thought of anything oupornatural, till, as r ho gazed, tho head waa tumod fcowarda him, [ and ho at onco-rocognlsod tho features of a I very doar friend. Tho expression of his 1 couutenanco v/aa that of holy, peaceful ro- f pono, and the gontlo, kindly aspect whioh it I wore in daily lifo was intensified (ao tho I writer, in recalling tho sight, has ovor sinco [ felt) into a parting glance of deep affection, f And thon, in an instant, all passed away. [ The writer can only compare tho. manner of L the ovanosoonco to the way in which a jet of : , etenm is disaipated on exposure to cold air. Hardly, till then, did ho realise that ho had boon brought' into clo3O communion with the Bupornatura!. The repult was great awo, but no terror, bo that instead of retreating to hia study -h? .. wtot forward and opened tho door, olose to which the apparition had stood; Of c )urse ho.' could not doubt; the import of what he hacl'8een, and the morrow'a or tho next day's post brought tho tidings that hia friend had -tranquilly passed out of this world at the time whon he was seen by tho Writer. It must be stated that it was a Budden summons ;' that tho writer had' heard nothing of him for some weeks previously, and that nothing had brought' him to his thoughts on the day of his decease.' 