COLOUR GHOSTS. Bota years agq- a book was published in this couonty-wo,cannot recall its exact title -the purpose of which was the production of ghosts. On its pages were various represen. tatiols of spectral shapes, printed in extremely brilliant colours on a white ground. Directions were given to fix the eyes intently oe those for some unotUetlts, and then turn thlen auddenly to a white wall or screen, when tih " ghost" would appear in the form depicted ill the book, but of an entirely dillirent colour. If the picture was red, the spectre on the wall would be green; if the furmur was yellow, the latter would be b bluo; alid so on. A similar illusion may be produced by any of our readers in a much eiumpler way.. Cut it small disk out of white paper and lay it on a black surface. Look at It steadily for a quarter of a minute or so, and then direct the eye to a white, or, better, to a grey surface, no a sheet of grey paper ; and you utill sce t dark image of the shape anid size of the white disk. If a coloured dimk ia used, the after-image, as it is elled, will be coloured, but of the huoe onplemuontary to that of the disk ; that is, if the one is green thie other will be purple, if the one is yellow or ornugoe the other will be of a darker or lighter blue, etc. Complementary colours, as must of our readers probably know, are those which, if mixed, will produce white. If the surface is of the nameu olour as the didk, thuo lter-image will be faint and whitish ; if it is of the colour c. inplementary to that of the disk, the imago will appear' of the surio colour inteuifiod. Tihus, if the disk is bluish green, 'and the gaze is turned from it to a red ground, w?e shll oee a " ghost" ol a deeper and more blillittut red. If we look uplo a coloured utrface of any other than the complementary hue, the colour of the after-ituago will llend with that of the surface. For instance, if the object is green and the surface blue, the imIage will be violet. 'Thene,phueomnina admit of it very simple explanation. When the retina of the eye has boon exposed to a continued impression of oneo colour, it is weoried 'ad 'beocomius less sensitive to that colour. If now'it is exposed to the impression of white light, it will respond mior readily to the other colours that make up white, that is, to those whilch produce the complementary hue. Quite likely somo of our readers who have occasion to use rod ink have obsorved.that if, after writing witlit for some minutes, they change directly to black ink, the latter will atllfrst appear of a diiitint green colour. Some o es are niore' sensitive than others to these delusivo'impreseions, but any person can see the complementary colour if he has looked at the other loig enough to tire the eye'. Dr. Be'zold,'in his " Theory of 'Colours," ansong nia'ny burious tliinllgs eonuected with thin subject, illustraten the 'fact that, wliile if a black object be snon against a coloured ground (as 'black print on 'red paper), the blaok, when viewed intently, will show a slight' tinge of the complementary colour, the efnoot is greatly heightened by laying thin alito tissue paller over the surface ;. showing that "an admixture of white light is favour able to-the production ofcontrast." , Ui also, notes the singular ,facti ,tat the 'various 'oolours which may b' given: to the ground differ greatly 'in" their capability of -i-allfo'g forth the.contrasting bodhrii, ''G'eon, blui, 'and' vlblt'-lti'' actcll'titih ira tlliti' e t,'" t .Ier'lfr rf'O.i rjF colours -will originato very livid contrasting colours, while this is the case to a much lower degree with red, yellow, and yellowish green." The coloured plates iu Dr. Bezold's hook illustrate this very vividly, but the reader can produce a .imilar effect, by putting a disk or figure cut out ol black paper or cloth on a bright coloured surface-red, yellow, green, blue, or purple-and spreading the white tissue paper over the whole. The variety of hues which the black assumes is very striking, anod touda decidedly to ehtke one's faith in the popular proverb that " seing is believing." We know that the black is black, hbt we cannuot see it as black, however earnestly we may ondeavour to roason olurnslves oult of the illueiou.-Baosto Journal of ('homislry. 