CIjc JLMui Silbinlraicr enir ; OR, TWENTT-FIVE YrEARS OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE. BY DONALD CAMERON Author of " Scripopolis." &e.;, i tc. Though shadows gather, sunshine fades, And life appears a vale of sorrow ; Faint is the heart that God upbraids— The sun will shino again to-morrow ! THE WAND OF THE ENCHANTER. Pari II. SCKCB I. A'few years— a few fleeting years have passed over Silverwater Bend since the first part of this tale closed. Spring has come again in all its glory of meadow flowers and wattle1 blossom ; but a change, a vast and tremendous change has come over the once fair Bceue. The stream merits no more its name of Silverwater 33end, There is no silvery water in that stream now, it is of a dirty muddy colour. The woods are decimated ; the tracks, once so silent, passing through solitudes where the bellbird sang and the lizard played upon the decayed logs, have developed into dusty highways, thronged with horse and bullock teams ; the air, which was resonant a year ago with the music of the birds and the lowing of the cattle, is burdened with the turmoil of a great assemblage of people. Above the station, where such solitude once reigned, thousands of white tents glitter in the afternoon sun, and in every direction the once-verdant slopes are honeycombed with the holes sunk by the myriads of men who have come from all parts of the world to seek for trea sures. At the brink of the water hun dreds of cradles are busily at work, re ducing the earth with water until nothing appears but a rich, golden residuum, that rich sand that gladdens the heart of the weary cradler as nothing in this world can gladden. Yes, the Wand of the Enchanter has been "waved, and the sylvan scenery of Silverwater Bend has been changed as if by magic. In the year 1851 gold was discovered . at Buninyong, near Ballarat, and at a pitLuo utJtti. jDtttiiuisb. joLertSLOiore uiiere had been an exodus from Sydney to the Pacific Slope, to that Eldorado, the Golden Gate, California ; but once it was ascertained that gold actually existed in despised Australia — that the Monarch of Men was enthroned south of the line, the emigration stopped, and men began to look beneath their nose for that which they had so long sought in foreign lands, especially encouraged by the favourable reports of the veteran geologist, the Rev. W. B. Clarke. Once the discovery was made, there was no end to the parties 1 who went out to search for gold. Ballarat and Bendigo burst upon the astonished colonies, like a cataclasm. Stories circu lated like wildfire of men who had sailed back by the vessel which had brought them to the colony, on her return voyage, with £20,000 or £30,000, made in a few weeks on Bendigo Flat, at the Eureka, or at Mount Alexander. The quiet popu lation of New South Wales, who had jogged along for years, dreaming of nothing but a livelihood, awoke to the fact that they might, after all, become rich. Children and grown people went fossick- ingabout the gullies looking fortheyellow metal. It was not long before the yellow sands of the rivers and creeks liowed where the golden drift lay, and the two colonies of New South Wales and Victoria began that wonderful career of prosperity which has surprised the world. Whereas the tide of population had heretofore flowed to the golden land of California, it now began to return to Australia, and -her truant sons were soon landing oh her shores again, accompanied by shoals of the young, the vigorous, and the adven turous. The pick of the world's industry gravitated to Sydney and Mel bourne. The ocean roads to Australia, which before had been troubled by few ships, were now ploughed daily by scores ;of vessels, from the humble schooner to The great leviathan of the deep. And soon an unwonted sight appeared in Australian waters, large steamers, of which the Great Britain — honoured name throughout Australia— was one of the pioneers. How like a fairy tale it all is how when we look back and think of it, how it resembles the story of the Sleeping Princess and the Enchanted Forest, which awoke from their trance when the young prince appeared, after the -lapse, of . one hundred years. Australia awoke to a new life, a new being, and entered upon that marvellous race of prosperity, which, if we except California, has been unexampled in the history of the world. . Old people who, like owls, had vege tated for years in the fastnesses ; of the woods, stared with wonder when their retreats were invaded by shoals of human beings so unlike themselves ; men who toiled from morning to night, who were "full of vigour, and spoke in what was to the Australians of that day a hew tongue ; who wore Panama or ' ' Cali fornia" hats instead of the antiquated cabbage-tree tiles of the colonists, whose music was new and .strange, who never used .the Sydney exclamations— " My word," " By, golly," " By crikey," etc. ; who had new-fangled ideas about every thing, and trod on prejudices; without thinking. But the old hands had no reason to so bitterly resent the advent of these men, ' for to nearly all the colonists they brought wealth, which, alas! they did not retain, themselves. Prosperity and wealth followed in their wake. Sleepy Hollows of towns, whose inhabitants' looked on tbe diggers with aversion, suddenly rose into importance, and these very inhabitants found themselves rich before they could realise their good luck. The bumble hotel-keeper, who bad pur- . chased an allotment in Sydney or Melbourne for a song — perhaps, for a. bottle of ' rum — from some outcast who was gone over to the unholy fiend of Drink, rose every morning to find him- - self a richer man by hundreds of pounds. Squatters who had had to 1 resort to the boiling-down pot to make, anything out of their sheep and cattle — , sheep could then bo bought for a shilling, and cattle for ten shillings per head — found themselves millionaires ; when sheep rose to twenty and thirty shillings, and cattle to £20 or £30— and : these not the superior sheep and cattle , we have now, but scrubbers. There was not an interest but tbe diggers benefited. They made Australia. When I pass by a solitary hatter now in some lone gully, and look at his worn Tame and desolate aspect, I am filled with infinite pity. I look back and see this man, young and vigorous, stepping on the Bhores of Australia, hope in his heart, elation in his eye, in company with thousands of his kind. The pano rama of his years of toil and lavlshnesa passes before me like a dream. I refleot that the work of this man, and such a3 him, built Melbourne, Sydney, Dunedin and Brisbane, enriched thousands who now live in ease and plenty, added to the world's wealth by developing this continent and its mineral treasure ; and yet here he is now, penniless, with nothing before him but the nameless grave of a pauper in some bush cemetery. When I pass a deserted diggings, over grown with the young growth of gum trees, immediately there arises before me the picture of that spot when thousands of diggers were at work there, when everything was bustle and turmoil. Whore is that great crowd now 1 Gone to join the Shadows of the other World, the Great Army of the Eternal ! On moonlight nights, as I have sped in the train up the plains towards Ballarat, Bathurst or Bendigo, I have seen, as in a vision, the great train of human beings that moved up towards these centres, day after day, night after night, from the sea-board, to conquer the stubborn earth and to "wrest tbe golden treasures from its bosom. It seems to me as if their ghosts were still journeying on towards the golden gate of their hope, the goal of their pilgrimage, their dissatisfied and disappointed ghosts. How many a foot that trod these plains, eager to reach the Promised Land, is now at rest, dust and ashes as the path they trod years gone by. Feet that never returned to the home the pilgrims promised to cheer and bless when they left the shores of their native land. Ah ! me. Ah ! me. Resting their horses, two- riders, a lady and gentleman, surveyed the Silver- water Diggings (unappropriate name) from a high knoll covered with she-oaks. It was indeed a busy scene. The bush had hp.en out dnwri and nsfid frvp firo. wood or building ; and there were great open spaces by the side of the river which were dotted with tents and mole-like mounds. Some of the hills were -bared of the auriferous drift — " surfacing" this species of digging was called — which had been taken to the creek and washed, tinging'' the water a deep red. On one side of the creek rose an embryo town, with long lines of conical or square tents, and here and there a more pretentious canvas structure, a store or publichouse. Some few places, these were the palaces, were made of slabs and barks, and here the hoi polloi congregated. In the out skirts rose huge tents, devoted to the show business, circuses, theatres, dancing- halls. In one of these, time-honoured Ashton's circus, which every Australian youth must remember, a matinee was going on, and the bray of tbe German band fell upon the ears of the equestrians not unpleasantly, as it was mellowed by the distance. Up and down the long street went the never-ending procession of red or blue-shirted diggers, their trousers generally coloured by the- red earth. Drays were going up to the diggings and coming down to the creek"" with loads of wash-dirt. Windlasses rose out of the ground in every direction ; and here and there the canvas piping and open mouth of the wind- syphons, ventilating the deeper mines, appeared. A little way from the main diggings was the Cliinamans' oamp, where the Mon golians, in blue serge jumpers and trousers, wearing huge cane hats like inverted washing basins, trotted about, bearing, burdens of great weight on their backs on bamboo sticks. At that moment a procession of Chinese new chums, were winding up the hill towards the diggings in Indian file ; the headman, who was dressed in yellow silk, in the vanguard, while his patient almond-eyed satelites trotted behind, bending beneath the loads of rice, shovels, picks, cradles, and other paraphernalia. The Chinese, even in those times, were looked on with hatred and aversion, and were driven away from the richer parts of the dig gings. Only a month before the Euro peans had risen, and, but for tbe timely interposition of the police, sanguinary slaughter -would have resulted. As it was, the Mongolians had escaped with sundry severed tails and blackened eyes. Silverwater Diggings had its police and its commissioner of the Northern Gold Fields. The police barracks, known as the Catpp — what a familiar name that has become throughout Australia— were on the. right of the township on a hill, and were superior in style to: anything on the diggings. There was a neat ver andah slab and shingled house- for the commissioner, and extensive, slab and bark/barracks for the sergeant and the police. - - ' The birds and : the : kangaroos had" fled from the scene, but tbe aborigines had at once flocked to the township, an&,Kiiig Quarhbone and his family Lad" a camp on a neighbouring hill. They were now on the road to destruction, indeed. ; , A few years, and the fire-water, . disease, >, and tobacco';,, would, banish : them o from , the Oarth. . . . . \- Our-readersviR have already surmised that the spectators -who gazed upon this novel . scene were Horace ; and Flora. Horace was the gold commissioner, who ruled over this ; creation of- the enchanter Gold, and Flora was soon to be his wife. Happy Day ! : S . i They had no need to ',toil : like the myriads'- vvho worked . below them, upon whom they looked , . with , .contempt. Horace had a splendid : salary,- Flora: was to have, a fine dowry, for, John Sinclair had made more. , in the year after the breaking ; out -uof ? Hhe diggings than lie had- all ,lhis;Rfe. 'His sheep and cattle, very-; nofninal in price before, had been sold at almost their price in gold, his horses valu'able' as great racers, ' his- farm. J jhrodiice1 almost priceless — cabbages had been; sold at five shillings per' head, butter, at ten 'shillings per "pound ; milk, at five shillings per quart. TISvv»v» o PoTO-iltr -vrmll _Frv_rl n mn.n lift litl.rl AlUUi. W 1WXUAAJ -IT VIA. UV/ VAV . AAAWAJ risen to the position of a jwealthy mag nate. . . - . : It needs few words to describe what occurred since the curtain fell on Part I., we have already touched upon the principal changes. Nothing had been heard of: Percy after his sudden disappearance on that fateful night of the hall. He had1 vanished like a dream, and though every effort had been made to obtaininformation about him, inquiries were in vain. There was a sorrowful regret for his fate in every heart, but still everyone hoped that he would ere long turn up, like the prodigal sou. Few spoke , of him now ; indeed, in few hearts was his absence felt, except in that of his poor mother. She, who loved her youngest- so deeply, so tenderly, mourned for him day by day — when she rose in the morning she missed the bright face, the beaming eyes, the brown curls ; throughout the day a vanished presence secnied to walk, invisible by her side ; at night she pondered on his fate, and, praying for him to heaven, yearned for his return. Ah ! a mother's love is wonderful, passing all the love on earth. Mr. Sinclair regretted Percy, regretted the hasty words that made him a wanderer, but then the cares of the world and money- getting, grew so fast upon him that he had little time to devote to sentiment, "With increased wealth he was adding to his cares. . He was buying up stations in the hack . districts, conscious that as settlement progressed, Silverwater Station would be gradually taken from him, save what he cpuld purchase under the corrupt land laws. . He had despatched Frank with Hector McLean to Moreton Bay, where the two young -fellows had taken up a block of land as large as a continental kingdom, on the banks of a newly dis covered river, wherein the scared alli gator cowered, astonished at the new state -of things,, but eventually pleased when he came to comprehend that young lambs, who unwarily approached too near to his haunts, were more succulent tit-bits and better than the tough black-fellows, who had hitherto formed the only variation of his diet. ; . ; (To be continued.) 