SOUTH AUSTRALIAN MEMS. » The Customs receipts (from duties only) from July 1 to July 26, 1876, were £33,989 lis. 10d.. and during the same period in 1877 they amounted to £37,900 I5s. 5d., or an excess of £3971 3s. 7d. The progress the colony is making in the construction of telegraphs is clearly shown by a return prepared by the Postmaster-General and Superintendent of 'Telegraphs, and made public by the Treasurer. In 1874, we learn, 61 miles of line and 71 miles of wire were erected : in 1875, 251 miles of line and 251 miles of wire j and in 1870, 479 milles of line and 482 miles of wire. On the motion of Mr. Coglin a return has been laid before Parliament in reference to the reservoir near Port Augusta. We notice that the cost of construction was £27,215 18s. 4d. Five men are employed iu the maintenance of the works, and they have the occasional assistance of three others. The cost of working from the time of construction to June 30, 1877, has been £11,417 12s. 7d., and the receipts £8590 lis. 2d. The profits are stated to be nothing. On Tuesday, August 7, the Minister of Agriculture and Education moved in the House of Assembly for leave to introduce a Bill to provide lor the formation of lines of railway from Narracoorte to Border Town and from Narracoorte to Jessie. The hon. member treated the motion as a merely formal one, simply stating that the surveys had been very caret ully made, ami that the Government were fully convinced of the suitability of the routes they had selected and ot the propriety of the works* which they proposed to ask the sanction of the House l'oi\ The motion was carried, and the Bill was introduced and read a first time. We (lltqiskr) learn that the jauge of the proposed railways is to be three feet six inches, and that iron rails of not less than 40 lbs. to the yard arc to be used. On or about July 20 (savs the ]>onh,r ll'tiidi) two horses mysteriously disappeared from a grazing paddock near the. town, known jus Xobes's paddock. The horses were well-bred valuable animals, were of nearly the same color—dark brown—and were iu general respects well matched. But they had different owners, one belonging to Mr. W. Hiller, the other to Mr. E. Krull. How they got out of the p uldock was a mystery. The gates were securely locked, and so tliey remained after the horses bad got away. The tence did not appear to have been interleml with either. After various surmisings it was concluded that, as the fence was weak iu one or two places, a rail had been removed, the horses Uken out, and the fence then repaired. On Friday afternoon both Messrs. Krull and Hiller reported their loss to the police, and fortunately the very same evening Corporal Field received a telegram from the Superintendent of Police at Belfast, Victoria, stating that a man named Garratt Wheelan, alow Miles Garratt, had lieen detained by the Koroit jwlice on suspicion of having stolen two horses he had iu his possession. The description and brands given in the telegram exactly corresponded with those of Messrs. Krull and Hitler's horses, and information to that effect was returned to Belfast. On Monday morning evidence was taken at the Police Court to justify the issue of a warrant for the arrest of the offender, and Police-trooper MacFarlane, armed with the warrant, was at once dispatched to bring Wheelan to Mouut Gambier. Wheelan, who seems to have au aluis for nearly every place he visits, was a recent arrival at Mount Gambier from Victoria. The Southern Aryan (S.A.) of August 9 relates the following :—" One evening this week a merry party iu Strathalbyn were seated roun l a I i reside indulging every passion for horrors by telling the most extraordinary ' ghost stories' that could lie brought to recollection. Gradually the subject of' cemetery bravery' was brought on, when one of the part} , a young gentleman, declared his willingness to 1 go to any part of the Strathalbyn cemetery at midnight; and this statement led to a wager being made that he would not that night go and deposit a bunch of keys upon a specified grave. This he accepted, ami skirted shortly before midnight, returning in the course of the next half-hour, having traversed the whole of the distance, 21, miles, over a sandy and rough road, walked fitly yards into the cemetery and deposited the bunch of keys upon the grave. The gentlemail who laid the wager thinking that the distance could not be done in the time, the courage ous one was sent to his room with a companion who was to see that he did not leave it during the night; and early next morning they then drove up to the cemetery, when the keys were found upon the identical grave agreed upon. Tlie time occupied was so short as to deserve notice—any one knowing the road will at once recognise that fact, the distance from the house from where he started to the cemetery gate being rather more than a mile and a quarter, so that he must have stepped out pretty considerably, whether impelled by fear or courage we cannot say." " OvuiiwoiiK " or Ji'DUKtj.—As a mere matter of commercial policy, savs the I*uuct, it would be economical to augment the total number of judges by 50 per cent, The block of business is very serious, and causes pecuniary loss to the public, against which the salaries of a lmlf-score of new judges would be insignificant. We are. however, looking at the matter from the medical standpoint; the bench is undoubtedly seriously overworked. The bonis imposed on judges of assize, and even the courts of Westminster, are too long and badly chosen. The condition of the apartment* iu which sittings are held is simply disureditable, The colossal edifice near Temple Bar may be rising with due, though tardy, rapidity ; upon that topic we offer no opinion ; but meanwhile something should be done to relieve the country from the reproach of dealing with this matter in a spirit of strange discourtesy to men who have a high claim on respcclful sympathy, and in a niggardly, half-hearted fasliion, which not cveu the passion for thrift can explain or excuse. 