. NEW ZEALAND. A curious little episode bat occurred at Clinton. When Judge Ward arrived there by the coach on his way to Invercargill, a man named Hall was staggering about the hotel door, and making use of very abusive language to several of the inhabitants. The Judge, noticing this, tent for a constable, who took Hall in charge, and brought at once before the judge, who sentenced him right off to 14 days' hard labour. The whole transaction only occupied the time the horses were being changed. From what fell from the Chief Commissioner of Waste Lands Board, Dunedin, the other day, it seems that the Land Act it being evaded daily, and that most of the evils attendant upon the deferred payment system in Victoria are to be met with here. Mr. Maitland said that the practice of these evils in all directions was coming under his notice daily, and people were trying all sorts of dodges to get rid of their responsibilities under the Act: Dnmmyism was also practised. Mr. Butterworth was very sorry to hear the Chief Commissioner's and Mr. Green's expressed opinion that the Board should use its utmost endeavours to prevent any evasion of the Act. This discussion arose in connection with two applications to purchase, made by holders of deferred payment leases in the Teviot district. At Onehunga, a singular accident occurred at the steam biscuit factory Belonging to Bycroft and Co. The chain used to lift bags and cases between the various floors got disengaged when near the lower floor, on which the engine is placed, and as it swung from side to side, the hook at the end caught round the engine shaft. Before steam could be shut off, a portion of one floor and the roof was torn away. The falling beams and broken wood struck one man named George Heard, cutting his head severely. He was at once attended to by Dr. Linzani, but his injuries are so severe that his recovery is doubtful. The Auckland correspondent of the Otago Daily Times says A proposal it said to be on foot for merging the Piako Swamp with other large Waikato estates into one property, and floating it into an English Company, who will purchase it in one large estate of 100,000 acres, and another of 200,000 acres with several small estates intended, making a total of more than a half million of acres. It is said that a number of English capitalists will take shares in the.Company,-and will lend their influence to introduce settlers on the land from Great Britain. At the proposed site of the bridge over the Horitau river, near Hamilton, a large farm will, on the east bank, be purchased, and will be cut up in town allotments, and sold to settlers, and reserves will be set apart for churches, schools, and other requirements, as well as other necessary provisions for a township. Another part of the project is to run a light railway a distance of over 20 miles through the Swamp to open up the country. Rumours of Maori disturbances are prevalent. A telegram from Auckland says : " A rumour is current respecting an anticipated raid by Te Kooti upon the settlements in Poverty Bay District. The Defence Force was largely reduced lately, and it it rumoured that the Natives in that district are in traitorous communication with Te Kooti. The rumour causes an uneasy feeling, as it is at present unknown to what degree it is true. Rumours also prevail regarding the reasonableness of the Waikato Maoris since the reduction of the Defence Force there, and the exposure of the confiscation boundary from Alexandra to Cambridge. The recent great reduction of the Armed Constabulary in this district was a mistake." Subsequently a Gisborne telegram appeared in the Auckland Herald to the following effect : " The report of Te Kooti coming is now generally disbelieved. Volunteer corps are to be formed at four places from Gisborne to Ormond. The Government is much censured for not permitting the 400 stand of arms to be placed in the hands of the townspeople and settlers in the district. Several Maoris with their wives have moved nearer to Gisborne The Government have not replied to the telegram asking the whereabouts of Te Kooti. The 400 stand of arms are still lying unprotected in the Customs shed, no guard nor watch being placed over them ; any six men could carry them away during the night. To Kooti wants his wife to go to him she refuses, hence his desire to come for her. Te Kooti, should be put in an appearance, will he shot down instantly. The Wanganui natives have turned back some of the Government survey ora on the block of native land at Murimntu, taken away their chains and instruments, and struck their tents. The surveyors are now on their way back to Wanganui. In the Wellington City Council on the 21st Inst, the Mayor moved that steps be taken for the reclamation of Te Aro foreshore, and that a special loan of £100,000 be raised for that purpose. The motion was carried, but the amount of the loan was left for future consideration. A report by Charles O'Neill was read. It commends the enclosing of an area of 38 acres between Taranaki and Harbour streets, which will give a wharf frontage of 1645 feet, and a building frontage of 12,000 feet, the depth of water along the outer portion being 20 feet, and the estimated cost £98,500. The scheme is intended as a continuation of that of the Chamber of Commerce for extending the existing reclamation of Queen's Wharf. The recent sale of the Otago Daily Times is (says the New Zealand Herald) an event worthy of notice. Many years ago the Daily Times was sold to the late company, which only numbered eight or nine persons, by Sir Julius Vogel and Mr. B. N. Farjeon, who wore the proprietors at the time, for £15,000. For some time after it was edited by Sir Julius Vogel, and used principally by him as a party organ. After a time, however, it was lifted out of that position, and soon became as independent as any newspaper can be under the management of a joint stock company, and then commenced to give a fair return upon the capital invested in it. Notwithstanding opposition of every kind, and the liberal expenditure of money against it, the Daily Times continues to grow and flourish, and has now been sold by the company for £27,000, the purchaser being the Hon. W. H. Reynolds, who is acting on behalf of himself and others. This amount of course, includes the freehold premises which have been erected by the company within the past three or four years. Captain Bonner, of the steamer Tui, has had his certificate suspended for six months, and ordered to pay costs. A obar^o.of drunkenness was not proved, but gross misconduct was shown in his taking the Manawatu bar when he was signalled not to do so, and in steaming round the steamer Napier, and thereby causing a collision. The Otago Daily News says that Mr. Proctor, a gentleman well known in Dunedin, received a lawyer's letter by the San Francisco mail conveying news more pleasant than is usually contained in such missives. The story goes that he is unexpectedly heir to something like £40,000 by the death of a female relative, leaving £170,000 to be divided according to law. A Conference of the Chamber of Commerce and representatives in the Assembly has been held at Dunedin in reference to matters connected with the Otago railway B. The following resolutions were carried: 1. "That this Chamber views with the greatest dissatisfaction the delay on the part of the Government in entering into contracts for the completion of the main trunk line of railway between Waitaki and Invercargill, and its opinion is that this delay is most detrimental to the promises repeated made by the Government." 2. "That another communication of the opinion of the Chamber be made to the Government, and that the members of Parliament for the City of Dunedin and the various districts of Otago, be requested to urge this matter upon the immediate attention of the Government." 3. "That this Chamber is strongly of opinion that of the various routes proposed for the construction of a line of railway to the interior of Otago, that via Strath Taieri presents the fewest natural difficulties and opens out the longest extent of land available for settlement." 4. " That a public meeting should be held for the purpose of of sending a deputation to Wellington today theinattorbefnro tbeGovoruineat." Under the head " A Challenge from Ghostlaud," the committee of Mr. Walker have written to the Otago Guardian, stating that they " have refrained hitherto from committing themselves to any opinion respecting the various locals and letters that have appeared in the daily newspapers in connection with Mr. Walker's lectures, nor do they propose doing so ; but he again expressed his willingness to meet any clergyman or other respectable representative person to debate on a public platform in any public hall each successive evening until the following subject is exhausted, viz.. ' Resolved-That Spiritualism is superior to orthodox Christianity in its teachings, practice, and precept.' Net proceeds to be devoted to the Benevolent Institution or other institutions, as a joint committee may agree upon." The Editor puts the following amusing foot-note to the letter :-" [We shall be happy to receive and hand any such letters to the Committee ; but it seems unreasonable that any more mortal clergyman should be expected to wrestle single-handed with the twelve spirits who are attending Mr. Walker, as he tells us. Will the " Control " give us any tangible guarantee that eleven of them will stand aside and not prompt the particular ghost that is doing battle, or will they issue a challenge to twelve of our clergymen or fellow citizens to meet them on an equal platform ? We protest against any single one of our ministers being allowed to enter on such an unequal struggle. And then, how is the battle to be determined t By show of hands of the earthly audience, or by count ting noses in Spirit and RED. O. (?.]" Dr. Carr, the mesmerist, declares Walker is a humbug, and offers to lecture on any subject in a more philosophical manner than he can, and under the same conditions. Walker, the trance medium, causing even more sensation in Dunedin, than he did in Auckland by his Bpiritualiatio lectures. He states that he is not more than 20 years of age. The Dunedin Star describes him in the following terms He has a fair voice, but a slightly provincial pronunciation, and is strongly suggestive of a youthful Chadband, for his delivery, though rapid, is functions in the extreme, and he speaks of " herewith," " throw," j "of-ten," "h-him, "Rer-ome," "prove." "To may," tor-ans-gor-CBS," and the like. This is of course affectation, and need not be set down as due to faulty education ; but " noo " for "new," "season," for "assume," and "order," for "sorrow" favour the idea that the medium has not had much money expended on him in school fees. Altogether, from the quickness with which he gabbled through the lecture and the local tonal stumbles, quickly rectified, any impartial hearer would form the opinion that the discourse had been learned off by heart, and perhaps delivered scores of times before. There was nothing particularly beautiful in the language used or the ideas expressed, and for a communication from a spirit in spirit-Una it was sadly lacking in particulars concerning the migration of souls from the physical world to the spiritual world. The medium told the audience that it was the spirit of a Dr. Stewart, who died in 1869, that spoke through him, and the Doctor might therefore have vouchsafed a little fuller information concerning what he has gone through and is now experiencing. The Government have given Mr. Passmore notice of dismissal. Mr. Higginson is to succeed him as Superintending Engineer of the constructed railways in the North Island. Mr. Conyers is to reside at Christchurch in future, and other changes in the department are probable. Colonel Haultain has commenced an inquiry into the alleged irregularities in the Old Men's Refuge, Auckland. The inquiry showed that grog had been clandestinely smuggled into the institution. The Ladies' Benevolent Society instructed their manager to search the inmates returning home from visiting town, when one of the inmates, named Harris, resisted, and in the struggle fell and severely injured his back. He admitted there was no intentional violence used, but denied the right of the manager to search him. Another inmate, Mrs. Harris, was proved to have been drunk. Walker, an old soldier, and a Waterloo veteran, who left in a pet, owing to his being abused by another inmate, had been allowed to return. The Dunedin Star states that a seam of coal, which promises to be very valuable, has, through the agency of a landslip, been discovered on the property of Messrs. J. M. Jones and A. Proctor, at Waimate half way between Oamaru and Timaru. The landslip laid bare the seam, which crops out conveniently for mining, and is 5ft. 6in. thick. The coal is of good quality, and is likely to be fully equal if not superior to the Shag Point seam. As it lies conveniently to a road communicating with the main line of railway, the working of this seam will prove a valuable boon to the inhabitants of Oamaru, Waimate, Timaru, and the adjacent plains, where fuel has been scarce and very dear. Arrangements are in progress for working the seam, and application has already been made by one of the directors of the gas works at Timaru for a truck load to test its value for lighting purposes, and by a leading coal merchant m Oamaru for ascertaining its usefulness for domestic purposes. There is an immense quantity of grain in the stores awaiting shipment, vessels not being procurable. The stocks in the hands of merchants probably exceed 100,000 bushels, two-thirds of which is what. Mr. R. Stout, M.H.R., continues to agitate his Local Option Bill The object of the Bill is to " remove the power of granting licenses from the Licenses Bench. a body appointed by the Govern- ment and placing it in the hands of the people If this Act should become law, then by the vote of two-thirds of the inhabitants, not the ratepayers alone, of any licensing district, all public houses within that district would be shut up for three years at the end of that time the vote would be again taken, and according as that was favorable or unfavorable to licensed houses, they would be re- opened or continue closed." It will be interesting to old politicians to learn that Mr. Hugh Carleton is about to leave the colony. His prospective departure is thus referred to by the Auckland Herald : " We believe that one of the oldest and ablest of the political notabilities of New Zealand will in a short time leave its shores for the old country. There has been no denizen of Auckland more prominent in the political and legislative history of this colony than Mr. Hugh Carleton, lie is at present only detained here pending the completion of a literary enterprise which he has had in hand viz., The Life of Archdeacon Williams,' upon the second volume of which he has been engaged for some time past, and which will shortly issue from the press. Mr. (Tarleton has been enabled to render his political retirement useful to the public by discharging with efficiency and zeal the duties of the office of Vice-Chancellor of the New Zealand University of Cambridge, and his pretensions to exceptionally high scholarships have never been questioned. It is due to him to say that he has been unceasing, both by his public writings and example, in his efforts to maintain an elevation of tone and thought in politics, and we believe with the best practical results. The greater part of his active life has been spent in the service of the public. He had become unpopular of late years through his inter-provincial tendencies, but his prophecies upon this question, proclaimed consistently for years, have been fulfilled previously to his departure. He will be greatly missed by a large association of musical, artistic, and literary people, of whose circle he was the most distinguished member. " The case of the young men Daniel (Quarrie, who gave himself up to the police, saying that he had killed his mother at Oamaru, has created a painful sensation, as the Quarries have resided in this district for many years, and were always a highly respectable family. For some years past Mrs. Quarries had been addicted to drinking, and when in that state she was frequently illtreated by Daniel, who was always a quick-tempered boy, and when he saw his mother in drink it annoyed him very much he is only about 20 years of age, and has been engaged for some years past with Mr. Lane, butcher. An inquest on Mrs. Quarrie has been opened. Sergeant O'Connor, stationed at Waimate, deposed that Daniel Quarrie went to the Police Station at Waimate, and said that he had killed his mother, at Oamaru, on the previous day. He also said that his mother and he had had words in the kitchen that she struck him on the back with a tomahawk that he then ran out into the yard, followed her, picked up a piece of wood, throw it at her, and believed it hit her on the head, at the gate that she fell down that he and her brother carried her into the house, and found she was dead that George went for the doctor that he ran away, and arrived at Waimate at four o'clock on friday morning. Witness asked him where his mother struck him with the tomahawk. He said on the right hip. He examined him, and found a wound on the place indicated. He asked him the cause of the quarrel, and he said it was in consequence of his keeping company with a young lady his mother did not like. The inquest has been adjourned. It is stated that the prisoner is insane. At a Conference between a deputation from the Insurance Companies and City Council re Fire Brigade, it was stated that during the last 10 years the aggregate fire losses in Auckland City exceeded the premiums by £20,000. The partake Times authoritatively contradicts the rumour circulated in some journals that there is a probability of Mr. Whitaker's retirement from the Ministry, and of the accession to its ranks of Mr. Rolleston. At the Supreme Court, Timaru, Richard Sherrin was indicted for writing and publishing a malicious libel of a very gross Land against George M'Cullagh Iced editor and part proprietor of the Otago Oitaid van, and a Presbyterian clergyman without charge The libel appeared in the II unmixed Tribune Sherrin pleaded guilty. R ohnrd Cuming was then charged with publishing the letter in the Waitangi Tnbitnt, knowing the same to be false Prisoner pleaded guilty to publication, but not to knowing it to be false the Judge sentenced Sherrin to three months' imprisonment, as he had already been in prison three months, and ('timing was fined £100, to be paid to the Queen. It is impossible (says the North Otago Times) to take up the Dunedin papers from day to day without being struck with the extent to which what is called " free thought," but is in reality and Christian teaching, IS followed after in the Metro- pole of the South We behave it to be true that nowhere else in New Zealand can so good a living be earned by attacks on Christianity as in Dunedin There must be a a compact little body of men there who encourage this sort of thing, and act as single men to the apostles of Spiritualism, or any other team that seems sufficiently inimical to the current beliefs of the ( christian Churches Since the death by football of the young man in Auckland, the football Club there have motif ed their rules as follows -No backing or hacking over, tripping up, charging, rabbiting, or cutting shall be allowed under my circumstances whatever. 