THE ARGUS PUBLISHED DAILY. "I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and, therofore, the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications intended for in- sertion in tbe news columns should be addressed to The Editor. Rejected communications cannot be retumod under any circumstances whatevor. No notice can be taken of anonymous communication!. Every letter must be accompanied by the name and address of tho writer, not necessarily for publication, but aa a guarantee of good faith. To avoid Inconvenience and delay to persons interested wo hayo to request that all businean communica- tions, including advertisement«, orders for the paper, and remittances, be addreasod to Wilso» and MacttisdON, and not to Tua Editor. OPER&.-H0U8E. Offenbach's opera TUE GRAND DUOHrSB of OEhOLBIEIN-Crand Duchess, Miss KM.ILY SOL DENE. Overturn at 8. FRIDAY, DECmBER 14, 1877. After giving the matter mature con- sideration, Mr. T. T. A'Beckett arrived some time ago at the conclusion that while the Legislative Council ia empowered by the Constitution Act to throw out financial measures, " consti " tutionally," it has " no right to " exercise its powers to reject an Appro " priation Bill." So enamoured is the hon. gentleman of this startling dis- covery, that he never misses an oppor- tunity of proclaiming it upon the house- tops, and as our Parliamentary report of Wednesday did not make his mean- ing clear, he has written to explain in such b way that there shall be to doubt about his views. Now, it appears to us that if the fact were as stated it would not be wise or politic to force it so persistently on the attentionof thosewho arealittle too ready to build .on tho assumption. Si vis 2)acem 2'ctra bellum, is an aphorism con- taining sound practical advice. Even a nation that had made up its mind not to fight any more, would not publicly announce the fact and destroy ita defences, if it desired to escape aggres- sion. A threatened Quaker does not think it necessary to inform a bully that I under no circumstances will he put up his fists. But we contend that there is not the shadow of a justification for the opinion wbich Mr. A'Beckett has formed. We suppose that the view he takes is founded on the supposition that there is an analogy between the British Constitution and our own, and between the House of Lords and the Legislative Council. We deny that there is any Buch analogy -the intentiona of the committeo that designed our Constitution to the contrary notwithstanding. The creating Legis- lature-i.e., the British Parliament-did not enact the "intentions" of the framers alluded to, but certain deGnite clauses which appear in the statute. One of these gives our Upper House power to reject money bills while for- bidding it to alter them ; and it appears to us little better than childish to a:g"? that the latter provision is to have full force and effect, and the former to re- main a dead letter. By a constructive procesa of doubtful validity, it might possibly be argued that, by confining the Upper House to the consideration of financial measures in the bulk, the creating Legislature intonded to inti- mate that any objectionable detail must cover some general principle to justify ita adoption as a reason for withholding coDBent. This conclusion, however, can only be arrived at by " begging the " question" in various ways. The (imple fact is that the Council has both a legal and constitutional right to reject any money bill it pleases, and need only be restrained by the ordinary pru- dential motives which always actuate representative bodioB o£ any value, es- pecially when acting in concert with a House of co-ordinate jurisdiction. It is time the ubo of the words " con " stitutional," and " constitutionally" in the loose sense so many people employ them, Bhould cease. Everything which is on all fours with English custom and practice is pronounced by a number of .vweeacreB to bo constitutional, and every- thing is declared to be unconstitutional which clashes with precedents created in the mother country. Those groat authorities, who seom to repeat words like parrots, for the sole pleasure of uttering something, forget entirely that the Constitution of Great Bri- tain is one thing and the Constitu- tion of Victoria is another, and that by no possible procesa of ingenious reasoning or subtle casuistry eau they be made similar. The former consists of a series of precedents established on a basis of ancient usago by a Legisla- ture possessing inheront powers. Tho latter is a written instrument conferring a delegated and strictly limited power on a body possessing no innate rights. It is evident, then, that our Parliament cannot create precedents at variance with the charter to which it owes ita existence. It is in attempting to evade this restric- tion that we get into difficulties. A certain party in the Btate is not content with our Constitution Statute as it stands, because it puts obstacles in the way of faction ; bnt instead of attempting to niter it openly and honestly, it is always endeavouring to explain away its provi- sions by precedents which it expressly supersedes. The absurdity of the attempt is apparent whon we consider that if it were allowed to succeed, the Victorian Legislature, which ia the crea- ture of a statute, could destroy all the provisions on which it rests by the aid of an nnwritten law to which it has no right to appeal. Outside the Constitution Act, it ia open to us to sanction certain constitutional arrangements-on the English model, if we please-which bear to the statute in question about the Bama relation that " regulations " bear to any ordinary aot of Parliament with which they ara con* riectcd. They aro Bupplcmontary, and must not bo contradictory. 'Wa Lava availed ourselves of this powor in a varioty of ways, notably iu ' ' tho eatabliah " meut of what is known as responaibla " government." Indeed we have tacitly agreed to work our written Constitution. SB far as possible by tho aid of the con- stitutional maxims which obtain ia England. But it must never bo for. gotten that English precedents aro of no use for our guidauce when they clash with the letter of that law which em. bodies the exact conditions under which tho Imperial Parliament surrendered, or, at all events, agreed to hold in abeyance, its inherent right to interfera with our local affairs In common with thone of every other section of Her Majesty's subjects. It is evident, therefore, that constitutional law ia England and constitutional law in Victoria cannot be precisely the sama thing. When, theroforo, Mr. A'Biïcicett says that the Upper House cannot con- stitutionally exercise ita power to throw out an appropriation bill, we would ask to what constitution ia he referring 1 If to our own, wo can only Bay that facts and the 50th clause, which forms patt of the constitutional law of Victoria, are against him. If he means the Eng- lish, then we would point out that it does not apply, because apparently it clashes with our own. We Bay " ap " patently," for although the Houte of Lords baa not exercised its right to reject appropriation bills of lato yes,ïï, thtïé is nothing to prevent a revival if a Ministry were to seek to couvert common usageB into instruments of coercion, or to attempt, in reliance on the obsoleteness of the power of veto, some flagrant iniquity, euch as looting the Treasury. With all respect, then, we would recommend tho hon. member for the Central Province to overhaul hia celebrated dictum before giving it a mora extended circulation. . During the short timo the Assembly sat yesterday, a letter was read from Mr. Mason, the petitioner against the return of Dr. Macartney for South Gipps Land, asking to be allowed to with- draw the petition and his deposit money, as it Is impossible to havo the question settled this session. Mr. Mason complains of the great inconvenionco and expense to which he has been put owing to the determination of Messrs. Shrticb, Macpherson, and Youno not to attend any more meetings of the Elections and Qualifications Committee, and the ab- sence of Mr. Langridge from the colony.^ The two facts rendor it impossible to form a quorum, and consequently no business can be pro- ceeded with. The petitioner states that he has had counsel and witnesses in at- tendance from day to day, only to find on each occasion that a fresh adjourn- ment was necessary. A more flagrant caBo of hardship and denial of justice has seldom come tinder our notice, and we do not wonder to find Mr. Mason protesting as forcibly aa he dare against the treat- ment he has received. He winds up his letter-which was informal, and could not be received-by saying : "I would respectfully express my dissatis- faction at the manner in which I bave beert treated by the gentlemen named. In accord- ance with their own arrangement, I had a number of witnesses brought from Gipps Land at considerable expense. Some of these witnesses were examined and the csbs fairly gone into, when it was suddenly intimated to me that the four members of your com- mittee referred to declined to go farther into the matter," This is the Bort of treatment which ono of the people receives at the hands of a House which is never tired of proclaim- ing its devotion to the people's interests. Tho case is a scandal to representativo in- stitutions, and cannot fail, wo should think, to hasten a reform. It is only fair, however, that the blame of the fiasco should rest upon tho right shoulders. Mr. Mason would havo had an opportu- nity of prosecuting his case, and obtain- ing some sort of "a decision, had it not been for tho withdrawal of tho threo members mentioned. Who, then, is responsible for their withdrawal ? Clearly thoso who rendered It impossible for respectable men to sit on the com- mittee any longer. The disgraceful pro- ceedings in connexion with the Barwon petition barred the committee-room against all except those who aro prepared to outrage every law of the land, of honour, and of decency, that stands'ln the way of party victory. Mr. Mason has been shamefully used, but he must blamo the Government and its majority, not Messrs. Service, Macpherson, and Young, for the misfortunes which havo befallen him. If the "intelligent foreigner" hap- pened to have been in the Speaker's gal- lery on Wednesday afternoon his intelli- gent mind must havo been very much exercised over a little conversation which took place between Mr. Service and tho Commissioner of Customs. The latter gentleman was making some remarks ia answer to an assertion that the delay which has taken place In coming to some determination on tho tariff proposals of tho Government had operated most prejudicially on trade, whon he said parenthetically that " he claimed to hava " oftbrded unusual facilities to the com* " mercial community." "I do not dis " puto that," interjected Mr. Service, and again, " I give you full credit for " that and for various other things." Mr. Lalor, however, did not Boom satis iicd with this tardy recognition of his merits. . Tho burden of his complaint was, that while tho lion, member for Maldon had not diaputod his official virtues, he had not acknowledged thom, nor showered down complimonts unasked. " ThiB is a nico stato of things," wo think we hear our Bagacious alien remarking ; " hero ia a Minister of tho Crown hand " comely remunerated for doing certain " work,andplodgedbyeveryconsidoratiou " of honour to discharge his duties elfi- . " cientIy,publiclycomplalnlngthathehas " not been complimented for discharging " his ordinary obligations." Would it bo very wonderful if further reflection drove» him to tho conclusion that very curious theories concerning the responsibilities of government are entertained by Vic- torian statesmen ? Naturally, ho would imagine that if a Minister considers him- self entitled to compliments for Bltnply administerlng his department efficiently, and rendering an always obnoxious Custom-house as little hindrance to trade as possible, ho muBt look on such things as having no connexion with the duties of his office. Ho must think that »Minister is entitled to muddle everything and harass everybody, and that if he abstains from doing eithor one or thev other, ho may claim thanks for such sot exhibition of condescension and gracv/. The intelligent gentleman from abroad would not be very far out in his esti- mate of the view apparently taken, by " Liboral" Ministers of their position. They evidently think that they are justified in so exercising, or forbearing to exercise, the ordinary functions, of ad- ministrators as will best suit thesr friends or annoy their opponents. Their actions, In short, are regulated, not by a sense ot duty and impartial justice to all, but solely by party considerations of the pettiest kind. If the ordinary machinery of executive government be systemati- cally prostituted to factious purposes, life In Victoria will not bo vory ploasant to men of independent minds. The most amiuing dovolopmont o£ tho spirit of protection in this colony which has yet been mado public Is reported in a recent number of the Footscray Advertiser. A tea-meeting of the Wos leysn Mothodist denomination waa hold In the Mechanics' Institute thoro, at ?willoh the usual amount of oratory .w^i Indulged in, and one of the spoakora the Kov. H. F. Scott-unburdonod iris mind on tho subject of tho discre- pancy which presents itself betwoen tho cconomlo theories and the ordinary practico of tho inhabitants of that manufacturing borough. Ho said, « Thoy woro strong protectionists In " politics, yet they rushed off to town " on Sundays that they might heir " bettor music or botter proaching. Was ?" that protection 1 Was it fair ? Certainly " not. It was the worst of all freo trado " to'desert their own ministers, and ho " was sure that tho local clergymen woro " able to preach as well as any others, if " thoy woro only supported and en *' couraged, Instead of being disheartened " by carelessness and neglect." From the Footscray point of viow there la a great deal of force in the reverond gen- tleman's remarks, to say nothing of the pathos which pervades tho protest. Local talent, like native industry, ought to command the preference. People who "rush off to town on Sundays" to hoar Mr. Strong, or Mr. Jones, or Mr. Chapman, instead of staying at home and listening to their own preachers, are guilty of much the same offence as those in- fatuated persons who purchase Oanot's boots instead of buying tho article manufactured in Fitzroy or Collingwood. Mr. Scott's grievance ought to be remedied at once, and the Government, rwhich has do many local preachers behind It in (the Assembly, may well be asked to legislate in the matter without delay. Probably an export duty of five shillings -¡pernead (children half-price)levied upon all persons quitting the municipal boun- daries of Footscray on a Sunday would meet the case for the prosent. To be sure this would necessitate the establishment of a cordon of cuBtom-house officers round the borough, and would lead to a good deal of smuggling, as people would en- deavour to evado the tax by pretending they wero going to visit a sick mother in Melbourno or to see a friend who was âylng in the hospital, but we ought not to be deterred from a rigorous application of the principies of protection to native industry by considerations of this kind ; and, having given prominence to the Rev. H. F. Scott's legitimate ground of com- plaint, we leave the matter in Mr, Berry's hands. There is a national amusement as well as a national industry which Is threatened at the present time by a parasitic attack. The allusion Is to cricket. A correspon- dent of The Argus has recently called attention to tho practice which has sprung np of charging for admission to cricket grounds on Saturday afternoons, and his complaints are well founded. There never was nor could be objoctlon to the charge made at Intercolonial or All England MatcheB, because obviously large expenses are incurred in bringing about these events, and the custom was to confine charges to these occasions. Then came the habit of imposing a fee for admission to the cup matches, and now excuses aro beginning to be found for closing the gates on the public at ordinary club matches unless a prico be paid to a ticket-taker. The public are beginning to resent this. At one time It ?was a sight to note the thousands who Hocked to the cricket grounds to spend a pleasant half-holiday in the open air, and to enjoy the sport. Blondín, mounted on his rope, so that the reserves were visible to him as on a map, declared that Melbourne was " cricket mad," but he could say this no longer. The grounds are now deserted. It will not be long before the scant attendance falls to pay the -wages of tho ticket-takers, and the system -will collapse of itself ; but in the meantime a serious injury may be inflicted on .cricket. The large attendances at the freo matches used to work up an exclte mont, the result of which waa seen in tho rush to pay shillings and half-crowns at those gameB in connoxion with whloh money Is required. But if the public Is to be continually excluded, the Interest -will Dag, and the big gameB also will find their popularity wane. Tho clubs have leon too greedy. They should not have tried to make money out of the cup encounters, but should have played simply for honour and for victory. Nor 5a it seemly that amateurs, week after .week, should be earning gate money. Such an arrangement introduces the pro- fessional element, and the tendency must be to degrade tho Bport, Again, the cricket grounds are valuablo sites, which are held in trust for tho public. They woro not given to tho clubs as a means of raising revenue, but the expectation waa that the cricketers would use the playing ground, and that tho public could look on or promenade as in other portions of the parks. If this arrangemont is to bo upset there is no longer the old excuse for permitting large sections of our re- serves to be fenced in, and sooner or later such concessions will be challenged. In the best interests of a healthy amuse- ment, we may hopo that the cricket clubs will be warned in time, will abolish the payment system, except in Intercolonial and professional matches, and will once more make tho public welcome to visit the grounds, enjoy the play, and encourage tho nlavors. The Legislative Connell met at the usual hoar yesterday afternoon, and immediately aiterwardB the Appropriation Bill was sent tip from the Legislative Assembly. The bill was read a first time on the motion of Mr. Cuthbert, and he then proposed that the second reading should he made an order for next Wednesday, Mr. Campbell sug- gested that the second reading ought not to bo taken nntil Thursday next, and he and several other hon. members \- pointed ont that it was altogether contrary to the practice of Parliament to send up an appropriation bill to the Counoil when there "Were many other important hills still in pro SleBB in another place. Tho President, in ti ply to Mr, Sargood, stated that in ali his experience of Parliamentary history he had never known tho Appropriation Bill to be made anything bat the last measare ot the session. Sir 8amuel Wilson and Mr. Simson contended that the Hoase ought to have the opportunity of again considering importan measures which it had dealt with and sen'. to the Ansembly, and the former gentleman stated that if other hon. members would support him, he would ba inclined to move that the Appropriation Bill should not be considered nntil the measures be had referred to were returned to them; Mr. Cuthbert, in reply to hon, 'members, said they had nothing to do with any mensures which might be under consideration in another place, and that they ought to proceed with the Appropriation Bill next Wednesday, as they had no other buBincBB to deal with. It was finally decided to allow the motion to pass, and the Hoase, after receiving a petition from Beechworth against payment ot members, adjourned to Wednesday next. The Assembly bad another short sitting .yesterday, the Hoase rising at half- past six o'olock. The Appropriation Bill was read a third time and Bent to the Council The Council's amendments in the Drainage of MincB Bill were dealt with, and the bill to facilitate the eradication of disease ia vines waa read a first time. The remainder of the «vening was spent on the Tolls Bill, which the Assembly dealt with in ft rolliok ing spirit, negativing various propositions to insert new gates in tho schedule by hearty acclamation, The continuance ot tho Emerald-hill toll was negatived on a division by 38 votes to 21. The House waa then apparently ready to accept a proposition that the Chairman do leave the chair, and thus finish the bill and abolish tolls altogether, when, to Bave the moosnre, Mr, Patterson moved that progress be reported. The bul remains to be disposed of on Tuesday, aud its fato Boems to bo very doubtful. The bill introduced by tho Government to facilitate the Btamping oat of the vine disease (Phylloxera vaslatrix) appears to ba entitled to the adjective "thorough." The Governor in Council ia empowered to ap- point inspectors, who will visit vineyards, de cide as to whether the vines are infected, and in that case will order the vines to bo destroyed. The ground will bo purified, and it must not be planted again with vinea for 10 years. No compensation is to be given 11 owners. These are the steps which Mr Berry says have been taken on the continent of Europe, and he urges that it any good is to be done tbo same steps must be talton here. The bill is to be read a second time on Tuesday, Since the rejection of the Payment of Members Bill the Assembly has been in an hilarious mood, and ia readily amused with trifles. It made merry yesterday in con- nexion with a personal explanation which Mr. Nimmo had to offer. Ho was charged on Thursday by Mr. Furves with having pla- giarised a speech from Chambers' Bncyelo padia, and to this allegation ho gavo an em. phatic denial. Mr. Nimmo says that when the subject was under discussion a year ago, he cut ont some articles from a Melbourne paper, and the facts he used ware ia those articles, and he referred the House to the files of the journal in question. The House by its cheerB exonerated Mr. Nimmo from any suspicion of improper behaviour, ana devoted itself to a consider- ation of the question of the corro 31 pronun- ciation of the word enoyclop.-elia. Mr. Furves had pronounced the final " i " long, and every time the member for Emerald-hill fol- lowed the custom of pronouncing the "i" short he waa met with a roar of "pedii." No other pronunciation was permitted, and Mr. Purvea's innovation, as far as Parliament is concerned, is an accomplished fact. Owing to the refusal of some mombers of the Elections Committee to take any further patt in its proceedings, and the absence of Mr. Langridge in Sydney, it has become im- possible to form a quorum ot the committee. Under these circumstances Mr. Mason has been obliged to withdraw his petition agaitiBt Dr. Macartney. Mr. Lalor, the chairman of the committee, yesterday presented to the Assem- bly a letter ho bad received from Mr, Mason, (omplaining of the unfair position in which he waB placed by the absence of Messrs. Service, Macpherson, Young, and Langridge from the committee, whereby no quorum could be formed. It was useless for him, he pointed out, to continue to engage counsel and bring down witneases when no meetiog of the committee could bo held to consider the case. Under theBe circumstances he had no option but to withdraw the petition, and to request the return of his deposit money. Mr. Lalor moved that he be allowed to withdraw the petition, but it waa found that the letter was out of order, aa it should have been ad- dressed to the Speaker, and not to the Chairman of the Elections Committee. The 73rd section of the Elections Committee Act provides that a petitioner may, at any time after the presentation of the petition, withdraw the same on giving notice to the Speaker, and also to the sitting member that it ia not intended to proceed with the petition. In such case the petitioner is liable to the payment of the costa and expenses of the Bitting mem- ber. No doubt, under the peculiar circum- stances of the present case, Mr. Mason may plead that he íb not liable to the payment of t-uch costs, and in that event the matte1 wtuld bave to he decided by action in tha Supreme Court, aa provided for in the 30th section of the Parliamentary Costs Bill, A banquet is to be given to the members of the Government at Beechworth this after neon, as a mark of the gratitude of the resi- dents of the locality for the assistance afforded to Mr. Billson, M.L. A., in the passage of the Beech worth Waterworks Act. The Chief Secretary and the Minister of Mines and Railways are expected to be present, and several members of Parliament have also been invited. The visitors will be convoyed fiom Melbourno by a special train, which will leave Spencer-street at 8.10 thia morn- ing. The train is intended to leave Beach \- worth on the return journey at 7 o'clock in the evening, and to arrive in Melbourne between land 2 o'clock on Saturday morn 'ng. It Is likely that an endeavour will be made to induce Bishop Moorhouse to become a candidate for the vacant seat in the Uni- versity Council. Should the bishop agree to allow himself to be nominated, his return might be regarded as a certainty. In the event of Dr. Moorhouse declining Mr. J. H. Hood will be a candidate. The contractor for the works in connexion with the reclamation of the West Melbourne swamp has given up the idoa of employing Chinese labour. He consulted the Minister of Publio Works on the subject, and Mr. Patterson, while admitting that the Govern- ment biid no power to interfere, expressed a fear that the course would lead to riot and disturbance, and that perhaps the Chinamen would meet with bodily injury. Since then Mr, Patterson haa boen notified that Chinese labour will not be employed. The Minister of JuBtice waa applied to yesterday by a deputation from St. Arnaud to appoint that town a place for the holding of an oseize court. Mr. Grant said that he did not think circumBtanceB at present would justify the Government in aBking Parliament to address the Governor to that end, espe- cially aB there was a pressuro of work on the judges ; but no doubt eventually St. Arnaud, as the centre of an important district, would be made an assize town. The same deputa- tion aleo waited on the Minister of Minos to urge upon bim the necessity for attention to the water supply of the district. Major Smith promised to give consideration to the Eubject, At a meeting of the Hospital Sunday Com. mittee, held yesterday, it was reported that £5,073 14b. 8d. had been received, and that several amounts had yet to be handed ovor, whioh would increase the total to over £0,000. The largest sum collectod in any previous year was £5.4012s. lid. in 1871, the second year of the movement. The question as to the liability of auditors for negligence in auditing the accounts of companies by which they are employed, is likely to be shortly raised in the Supreme Court. Counsel's opinion has been taken by one public institution as to whether auditors are answerable for defalcations whioh it is said might bave been prevented had due diligence been exercieed, and an affirmative opinion haa been given. Mr. Serjeant Sleigh and Dr. Mackay are retained for the com- pany. The divorce Buit of Smith v. Smith and others waa continued in the Supreme Court yesterday. The caso on behalf of the peti- tioner waa concluded, and the Court ad- journed till this morning. It waa stated that no witnesses would be called for the respon- dent. Dr. Mackey, Mr. Higlnbotham, Mr. Lawes, Mr. M'Earland, and Mr, M'Kinley, have been elected members of the board of examiners for barristers for the ensning year, and to represent the bar on tho Supremo Court Library Committee. Mr. E. England hiving declined for private reasons to act as a member of the board of examinera for attorneys for next year, Mr. T. Hamlet Taylor baa been appointed in his place, and has accepted the office. Mr. E. Geo. G. Sandford, solicitor, has been appointed a commissioner of the Supreme Court of the province of South Australia for taking affidavits. In the cassB of Waddington, v, ¡¡'Lean Bros and Rigg, and Wa laington v Grant and Cameron, heard in the County Court resttrdoy, the plaintiff, who lets oat the drop scene at the Opora house for advertise- ments, sued each of the defendants for a quarter s rent, at 10s per week of portions of the drop scene, on which their advertise- ments wero inserted. The defendants de- clined to poy the rent, because on a number of nights the drop scene was not used and his Honour Judge Cope, afier hearing evi dence substantiating their defence, gave verdicts fur them, with costs against the plaintiff. A correspondent wntos as follows - Micbelcts dictum, in Ina well known s udy of the bud, that ' Life has aroaud it aud within it ita enemy-moat frequently as its guest-the paraBito which undermines and cankers it," is one to wbit,h every botanist and every entomologist will readily subscribe. J qnally true ia what follows from the same pen -" Inert and defenceless life, especially vegetable, deprived ot locomotion would succumb to it but for the stronger support of the indefatigable enemy of the paraaite, the mtrcileespursuer, the winged conquororof the monsters ' lue bird is, in fact, the natural guardian of our vineyards as of our orchards, cernfleldfl and pastures, and it may be re garded as a matter of absoluta certainly that the phylloxera lasta'riz has its feathered enemy, which it should be the endeavour of our naturalists and of those who are ad dieted to habits of observation ont of doors to discover. We are induced to call atten- tion to this particular subject by an article copied into the PoltlKa of Madrid from the Jieusla del Instituto Agrícola Catalan de San Isidoro. It has reference to a very simple and effectual method of destroying the nr quito an insect belonging to the family of coLcido, which has been committing torriblo ravages among the vineyards of Valencia, where it makes its appearance at the end of May, or the beginning of Jane, and ¡b so nie the soil in colour aa to escape detection by all but the moBt experienced eye It begioB by attacking the fleshy portions of the leaves of the vine, on which it lives , and when it bsB finished these, it devours the young shoota and the tender bunches M, Char meaox, a vigDeron of a reflective turn of mind, turned some quail loose into one of his vineyards, and having ascertained from some liench wue growers nt Medoc and the Cote d Or that vines planted near tbtir houses, where the fowls had access to them, were remarkably free from insect pests, he imme. diately oomprebended that the trae remedy for the rmquito was not to be found either in asperging the plant with mineral poisons or in rooting it up, but in calling in the birds to bia assistance. Accordingly he bad some large coops constructed for ducks and fowly respectively, and in these his voracious allies were conveyed to the vine yalda in the morning, turned out to pasture during tho day, and brought home m the evcnirig. Iinding an abondance of insect food, he BajB, the buds leave the healthy put tiot.a of the plant untonched , although in devouring their prey they confer the addi- tional advantage of destroying the leavea and shoots which the rmquito has previously injured, and they have arres ed the progress ot the pest. According to the Uanda most of the small birds-all those at any rate which are soft billed-are the natural enemies of the parasites which prey upon the vine, and that publication inveighs with great energy against the insane warfare waged by man againBt the only creatures capable of saving his crops from destraa tion, "A ttuce, then,' it exoloims "for every kind of insectivorous bird-a truce and a lasting peace , and let our Government take them under its protection, aa has been already done in countries much more back ward than our own in agriculture ' Sir Samuel Wilson has offered to supply the TiBh Protection Society in Warrnambool with 1 COO, or a smaller number, of young salmon for depositing in any of the rivers in that district that may be deemed suitable for rearing the young fish It is probable (aaya the IfarrriitmiüoifViiareiia?!) that one of the members of the Anglers'Association will go to Melbourne in the ooaree of a week or bo to take charge of Sir Samuels handsome pre sent and superintend their transportation to this part of the country There are some Btreama that ought to be suitable for these fish, and besides the Hopkins and the Gelli brand tbey no doubt would do well in Cur dies River, and in the Joanna and Aire Kivers, near Cape Otway, both of which are clear, rapid, and mountainous streams The same steamor which brought Sir Samuel M íleon s salmon ova to Melbourno earned a large shipment to New Zealand The hatching out there has been even more successful than in Victoria, as might have been expectrd, since the ova was carried a shorter distance, and had no transhipment to undergo. The New ¿caland Herald of recent date has the following re- garding the hatching m the Punm River -"Mr. lirth has received satisfactory advices from Mr. Andrew Kay, of Orakau, under whose charge he left the salmon ova deposited in the Pamu River at the request of Rowi Maniapoto It appears that two days after Mr I irth a departure the ova began to hatch out in abundance, and at the date of Mr Kay's letter the por tion of the river enclosed for hatching was literally swarming with thousands of tish amongst which scarcely a solitary unhatched ovum was to be seen. The natives aro greatly delighted, and are keeping a strict watch against all the enemies of the illustci ona strangers Of the 10 000 placed in the Pnniu, it is believed that at least 39 000 have been batched out " The Qetlong Times is responsible for the following -" We heard yesterday (Wednes- day) a report which, if true, sho ¡ra m all its naked deformity how keen is your stone trail patriot for the money. Mr Ince is said to have presented himself at the Treasury a day or two after taking his seat and claimed the laBt month's salary, which had not been dram by Mr. Levien The money being paid to him, the new mis representative pocketed £25 by the sharp mat, ex avro. ' lhe following will be interesting toarchi teeta competing for tbo now international exhibition buildings -In reply to Mr. P Matthews, bon, secretary Victorian Institute of Architects, ob to whether the commia sionerB would allow a wash of yellow for plans of floors, and washeB of Indian ink on the windows of elevations, and sections, the commissioners distinctly Btate that "no coloured drawing of any kind will be re- ceived, ' The ordinary monthly meeting of the Royal Society of Victoria was held last evening Mr. R. L. J. Ellory, the president, occupied the chair. Mr. Mica Smith presented a paper giving an account of some experiments in tho gold bullion assay, which was received as read The discussion on the paper, which was of a technical character, was postponed Mr. Kernot described in detail the mecha nism of the telephone, which, he believed was intended to be introduced into the new public offices on their completion. From the experience of the ordinary pneu matic tubes in the Land Office, it had been found that it was extremely difficult to convey intelligible messages through an ordinary speaking pipe beyond a distance of 230ft., and Mr Kernot thought there was every reason to believe that the use of the telephone would in time supersede the present method of conveying messages by means of the pneumatic tube. He also con- sidered that the telephone would be found to be an improvement on the Wheatstone telegraphic instrument, as it was less liable to get out of order, and required no adjustment The only part of the instru ment which was at all likely to deteriorate waa the permanent steel magnet. The ofiice, bearers who retire by eftlaxion of time were all nominated for re olection, with the exception of Mr. T. E Rawlinson Dr. Jamea Jamieson was nominated for election aB a member of the council, and after some other routine business had been transacted the proceedings closed. The first of two leotmes entitled "The Story of the Air pump" waa delivered in the Technological Museum lasi evening, by Mr. George Toord Tho lecturer fully explained tbe nature of tbe air pump, and gavo an illas tratior of the nunner in which the principle waa applied to the manufucture of thermo- meters. During his remarka Mr. Toord incidentally referred to the use of the air pump in the manufacturo of ice, and at the closo of the lecture Mr. Bovet, of the Melbourne icoworks, practically Ulna trated the theory There was a good attend ince and the lecture, which waa exemplified by several experiments in which Mr loord waa aesistcd by Mr. Madley Hopwood, Y C S , was attentively listened to throughout. The second lecturo on tho subject will bs delivered on lhursday, the 20 h mut The usual weekly meeting of the Managing Committee of the Bcnevolont Asylum was held yesterdoy Thore were present-Messrs. Harcourt (in the chair) Zovonboom, Garton, Birrell, Hay, and Mahoney The medical officer reported that elizabeth Bomas, a native of Limerick, aged 78 years, diod on Iho 12th inst of old age There were in the hospital 84 men and 09 women ;. also, under treatment not m tbe hospital, 38 men and six women ,-total under treatment, 227 The secretary reported the number of inmates on the 13th inst to be 415 mon and 215 women ; total, G30 s The first page of the brief history of the colony of Victoria, when it was as yet known only sa tbo Port Phillip District of Nor South Wales, contains an incident for whioh all the writers on colonial affairs have bitherto failed to account It has always been a puzzle why Colonel Collins abandoned the settlement at the Heads. He was sent ont from home m 1803 with a line of- battle abip and a transport full of prisoners to form a penal settlement on the shores of the . ben recently . discovered Port Phillip Bay. He camped at what ia now known aa Sorrento, and after a atay c f 10 weeks, and on appeal to Governor King, in Sydney, shifted the intended colony to Hobart Town All the* hiatory-writora allege that this removal Waa caused by the want of frerjh water at the strangely chosen site. Some of them say that he was promised a doueeur of £500 if he found it necessary to remove. The speculations on the subjoot bave been many, and all appear to be wide of the mark. Quite lately we published the remit of a lengthened investigation into the matter made by Mr. J. J. Shillinglaw, r.R.G 8,, of Me bourne, who was lucky enough to find in the Sydney records some months since an original and entirely over- looked survey of Port Phillip made by Grimes, the first surveyor general of that colony, 12 montis before Collins came out, and this ia accompanied by a full report by Mr. James Fleming of the phjaical features of the country. Mr Shillinglaw has since zealously pursued bio Beaicb, during a recent visit to Sydney, to collect materials for his forthcoming "Life of riiuders, the Navigator," and by the aid of Sir John Roberteon, the Premier ; Mr Hal- loran, the lunder secretary ; Mr Adams, the surveyor general of New South Wales ; and Mr. Calder, the late surveyor general of Tas- mania, has made some further discoveneaot other curious and interesting historical docu menta. From one of them-the diary of the t-baplain to the settlement-tho singular fac is learned that the Calcutta, GO gua ship, ia which Collins arrived here, actually came up from the Heads, and filled her water casks at the mouth of tho River Yarra Sa that it was not from want of fresh water that the place was abandoned, and that these Bhores escaped being "sown with rotten seed ' The truth seems to have been that both King and Collina wore influenced by the turvey of Grimes and that Collins could not Bland the frying on the sandhills of Point nepean with tho thetmomoter at liOdeg. The Rev Mr Knopwood's first sermon has also been found, and a daily journal of the life at the settlement, containing some very curiouB details Considering the epecul ad- vantages enjoyed by such writers on colonial history as Wentworth, Lang, Flannagan, and others, who have failed to trace these docu mente, Mr Shillinglaw is to be congratulated on the success which haB attended his efforts to set nght our early records YeBtorday waa "exhibition day" at the schools connected with the Consent of our Immaculate Lady of Mercy, Nicholson street, and a number of ladies and gentlemen attended to witness the performances of the pipila The programme waa made up of songs, chorusea and pianoforte pieces, to show the different progressive stages of per fection the pupils had reached, and of a number of proso recitations, most of which took tho form of con- versations. These were conversations on "Iho twelve fruits of the Holy Ghost,' the botany of Australia, astronomy (in j French) and some oventa in the modern his tory of Russia, and they served to show that I the pupils not only possessed good memonea (for several of them had beon ontrustcd with long paite) but that they reasonably well understood the subjects under discussion Considerable excellence waBahownby the girla in the advanced grades of the muBic class Some solos were sung in Italian, French, and English, »»lth great swcetnesB To make up a complete programme selections had been taken from the works of a large number of composers The most interesting portion of the ceremonies waa reached near the close, when some 30 or 40 gula Btood up ¡to receive priz°a The distribution waa made by the Most Rev Archbishop Goold, with the aeBietabca of the Rev W Quirk. The archbishop tock occasion to compliment the lady mother ou the progresa that had been mamfeBtcd m the Behool A modest souvenir wob presented to tho archbishop by tho pupilB. The owners of racehorses are reminded that tho general entries for the V R C. New Year's Day Meeting will close at Mr. R C Btigoi'B office this afternoon. The events to be entered for are the Hurdle Race Plate of £1C0, Midsummer Handicap Steeplechase, and Three Year Old Handicap A match at chees between tho Melbourne aud Geelong clubs will take place at the rooms of the former to morrow afternoon Play will commence at 1 o clock. This is the fourth contest of the kind that has taken place between the two clubs A stone rubber, constructed by Mr Cham- bers, of lhomns Davey and Co, for the Castlemaine Paving atone Company, baa been brought under our attention at the company's woiks, Lonsdale street. Apparatus of this sort should be of interest to tho public, for it ia chiefly by moana of such appliances that the mantelpieces which now adorn nearly every dwelling are con- verted from common slate into handsome marbles, serpentines, or porphyries They smooth the rough surface of the Castlemaine elabrj, which then havo imitations of marble or other uncommon stone burnt into them Tho new rubber is intended principally for the preparation of the Blato floors of the hilliard table, which need to possess a sur- face aa truly level aa human skill can male them. It consists of a circular disc, affixed to the bottom of a vor tical shaft. On the nnder surface of the disc, there are 12 rubbers of soft iron. As soon aatbe disc is net m rotation, a slab of stone ia made to travel slowly backwards and forwards under it In tho course of the journey, every part of the surface of the Btone ib brought into contact with every part of the Barface of the rubbers, and by this means an even auface ia obtained. In the stone operated on yesterday, not more than the thickness of a sheet of paper waa taken off at eaoh trip the Btone made on ita rollere, bo that the process ap- peared slow. The work, however, waa exe- crated with greater certainty than by the large rubber (12ft, m diameter) need to pro- duce smooth snifaoea but not necessarily perfect enough for the movements ot a, billiard- ball, An exhibit prepared for the Paris Exhi- bition by Meeers. Stevenson and Elliot, of West Melbourne, consista of a buggy flttod with movable Beats, intended to hold, if need be, six persons. The front and bach seats fold down when not wanted, and the middle one may be shifted backwards or forwards to suit tbe convenience of the driver. The buggy is sent not so much on account of the novelty of the design, as to show the workmanship of the colonies At about 7 o'clock on the evening of V, edntBday last, when the s s Macedon was about GO milCB from Gabo Island, on the voyage from Sydney to Melbourne, a Bteer- ago passenger named W Rodgers jumped overboard The eteamer was at once slopped and a boat lowered, which sac ceeded in picking up the would bo suicide When recovered, howovor, ae was insensible and ltwaBonly attora full hours treatment that he was restored to consciousness. The Ruiartnees with which the rescue was made may bo judged from the fact that from the lime the man jumped overboard until ho was again on the deck of the steamer only li minuteB elapsed. One of the coloured seaman of the mail steamer Siam died vory suddenly on Tuca day. He went about his work iu his usual health, apparently, in the morning, bat during the day ho suddenly foil down and expired. Mr Figg, of Williamstown, made a post-morl'm examination of the body, when he found death to have resulted from rup ture of the right ventricle of the heart. At an inquest held at the Prince of Wales' Hotel yesterday, a vordict to that effect was re- turned. A littlo boy, two years of age, eon of Mr Dodge, baker, Hotham, waa burned to death on Wednesday morning. He got out of bed at 7 o'clock, and waa amuBing himself with a box of matches which was set on fire in some way, and ignited his nightdress The burns ho sustained wero bo severo that he only lived a short time Three men, named John Maher, Denis Managen, and Sidney Nugent who have hitherto borne respectable characters, were brought before the City Bench yesterday, charged on warrant with having stolon £18 worth of cutlery from the auction room of Messrs, Naylor, Forbes, and Co .Collins street west. Inspector P.yali prosecuted, and Messrs. Fullerton and Creswell appeared for the de fence. The firm referred to took stock m the first week of July IaBt, when they had one lot of 30 dozen carving knives and forks of Cutt's nionu'actuie in their Btore Since that time 4 dozen of these kniveB and forks had been Bold. On the 25 h of last month, Mr Forbes, one of the partners, found that there woro only about 5 dozen remaining, and that, consequently, about 20 dozen of them were missing He also discovered that l8 sharpening steels had disappeared. The matter was placed in the hands ot Detectives Forster and Ward, who in the prosecution of their inquiries learned that a Urge quantity of cutlery corresponding to what had been missed from the auction room had been deposed of by tho prisoners at various pawn shops in Melbourne and suburbs. Mr Naylor plated that the piiBonerB, Maher and Nugent, were clerks in an office above his rooms about 12 or IS months ago, and that since then he had frequently Been them m his rooms. He had always treated Nugent as a friend, and had more than once given him assistance De positions were taken, and tho prisoners were all committed for trial A young rowdy named Joseph Ravy was taught a very salutary lesson by the magis- trates at the Hotham Police Court yesterday. A little after 9 o'clock the prisoner, who was half intoxicated went to the Albion Hotel, and seeing no one in the place but the land lady Mrs Wild, he demanded some beer. ThiB being refused he took up a pint pot, and thiew it into the Btreet. He then picked up the meaBuro and threw it at Mrs. Wild, Btuking her on the head and mllicting a severe wound Ravy went from the hotel to tho house of Mr Branch, and there behaved Bo badly that he was given m charge 1 or the insulting behaviour to Mr. Branch the bench fined Ravy ¿10, with three months' imprisonment m case of default For the assault on Mrs Wild he was Bent to gaol for B'x months with hard labour. In an article reviewing the agricultural development of the various Australasian colonies, the South Australian Register points out that " the total area of land alienated from the Crown m South Australia up to the ¿tlst December, 187o waa 711.3 211 acres 'lum baa been exceeded in three of the other coloDiea, the extent being in Victoria 10 827 778 acres, New Zealand, 12 9SJJ93 acres and New South Wales, 19 219,058 airee Of this quantity, however, very much more hse been brought under cultiva- tion among ne than elsewhere. Considering the proportionate BmallneBB of our popula, tion, the fact speaks well both for the capa- bility of the country and the energy of its occupiers The following table, taken from the Pictorian I^ar Book, presents this matter in a still more striking aspect - Aerea Under Till&tio; pvr Province Head of Population 1873 i 1974-5 1875-6. ¡routh Australia . , a is seo 8 83 1 remania . l61 8 13 3-21 Wcetora Auatralla .. . 2 01 178 178 New Zetland .. 1-27 l61 182 Meterla .. . 122 126 187 Ni w South Wales . 0 82 0 80 0 71 Queonaland H 0 43 0 89 0 43 This table shows that while ia some of the colonies the proportionate area under culb« vation is diminishing, and in others stand- ing still, with us the work of tilling the Boil is being vigorously prosecuted The net in- crease for last year was 70 330 acres, and notwithstanding tbo unfavourable character of tbe season the produce amounted to 5,S57,509 bushels Should the present favourable conditions of ingathering con tmue we may hope that the harvest which lins now commenced will yield more than doublo that of 1870 ' The city organist played yesterday after, noon, between 1 and 5 o clock, at the Town Hall, tho following musical selections, namely, the overture to "La Bayadere," by Auber, the march, "Silver Trumpets," by Viviani, a grand selection from "Mose in 1 gitto " by Rossini , a larghetto move, ment in E flat, by Batiste ; " Worthy is the Lamb," and the "Amen Chorus" from the "Messiah,"by Handel, and finally the Na I ional Anthem It is properly the duty of the city organist to play selections of the most varied description, and with the best of Bkill. We cannot give at length daily descuptionB of performances which, having now been begun, will go on indefinitely, but we must notice that the operatic selection from " Moti. m Egitto,' the larghetto movement in H flat, by Batiste, and tho final selootion from the " MesBiab,' wero beautiful in them eelveB and highly favourable to the player, as showing his Bkill. At the Opera house to night, the "first and only benefit" of Miss Emily Soldene will take place. Miss Lmily Soldene has selected for tbia occasion a very favourite opera bouffe, namely, "La Grande Dachesse de Gerolstein," in the performance of which she will bear the principal part The entertain ment will bo patronised by His Excellency the Governor and Lady Bowen The number of visitors to the National Museum of Natural History and Geology tor the week ending December S was 1 320. A public meeting to consider the question of the improvement of the Sydney road will be held at the Fort Phillip Agricultural Hotel, Sydney road, this evening, at 8 o'olook. The collectors for the Bible Women's Miseion, the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, and the Bates a Children Fond, are requested to call at The Aigus office for small Bums of money Bent for those objects. The committee of the Melbourne Home report aa follows for the month of November -Registrations-Governesses 9, servants, 29 I ngogementa-GoverneBses, 2, aervauts, l8 Boarders-Governesses, 9, servants, 26 Number in home 30th November, 1877 (staff included) 20. The usual monthly meeting cf the County of Bourke Building feocioty was held on Wed nesday evening at the society's office, 81 Collins Btreet, Mr. George Higinbotham was in the ohair. The receipts for the month amounted to £1 708 la. Id , and advances on freehold security to £1175 Dr, Madden, | M.L A , was elected vice president pro tem. in place of the late Mr. Best Overend. Mr. Tboman Straw, of Brunswick, was elected a member of the directory, A Behool for instruction in Hebrew and re- ligions knowledge waa opened on Sunday, the 1th mat., at the rear of the synagogue in Albert street The Rev. M. Rintel la prin- cipal, and Mr H. Groes instructor. Ad dreBBea wore delivered by the Rov. M. Rintel, Meeers. A. Waxman, A Barnard, and othorH Upwards of CO pupils have already entered their names on the school list, The monthly meetiug of the Fourth Uuiou Benefit Building and Investment Society was held at the ofhees 82 Collins street east, last evening. Mr B Leo waa in tho chair. The receipt« of the evening were announced aa IA, 789 10s , and 181 half shares were balloted, lue chairman announced that the books of tho society would bo at once made np, and each shareholder havo a statement sent bim of the amount required to close the society. The committee hoped on the lltb January next to be able to pay off tho investing shareholders in full, Tho annual meeting of the merabora of the Brighton Library and Reading room was held on Thursday evening, December G. The report and balance sheet for the past year were read and adopted, showing the society to be in a prosperous condition. The following were elected office bearers for the ensuing year, viz, -President, Mr. G. Wnnley ; vice president, Mr W. Burrows, committee MeBBrs. Brown, Cole, Gardiner, Hay, Hunt Hayhall, Ledward, New, M'Dowall, Orford, Stamp, Scott, and Tanner. The following is the report of the Welbourne Hospital for Sick Children for the month of November -In patients - Remaining Octo- ber 1, 24, admitted during November, 24, total under treatment daring the month, l8. Of these there wero discharged as cured, 10, relieved, kc, b, died, 1, and there remain, ti. Total, 48 Out-patients, new cases, 238, other attendances, 019. Total attendances, 887, exceeding those of last year by 130. Average daily attendance ol, greatest on Monday, November 19, 50. Typhoid fever ia again beginning in Carl- ton. At Glen's music warehouse, on Wednesday nikht, Mr L L Lewis, late bon. orgamat to Sr, John's Church, Toorak, was presented by tbe senior members of tho choir with a hand- somely-illuminated address expressing their regret that he had determined to sever his connexion with the choir, which owed its effi- ciency eeoentially to hie energy and zeal. Mr. J. S Woolcott having consented to make the presentation did so briefly, fully ondorsing every word of the address, and expresBtng bis own personal regret that so excellont a choir should he almost disbanded. Mr. Lewis accepted the addross with the greatest satisfaction, evincing as it did that ho still retained the good opinion and esteem of every gentleman in the choir. The following is tbe number of cases re- lieved by the committee of the Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society for tho fortnight ending December 4 -lnmihos, 503 (num- bering 1,707 individúale), comprising widows 3 JO , sick and infirm, 8b , deaerted wives, 41, wives whose husbands aro in prison, 12 ; wives whoso husbands aro absent, 15 , wives whose buBbands are partially employed, 17 ; do unemployed, ') ; aged couples, 25, single women, 22 ; miscellaneous, 4 ; outlay during the fortnight in relief of cases, LIVJ 11s. Industrial Home-inmates, 28 ; expenses for the fortnight, i.M> 5s. li , earntnga do , £14 0a. 2d. Contributions will be thaukfully re- ceived by the bon. trcasuror, Mrs. Dunn, Little Lonsdale Btreet weat, by any member of committee, or by the collector, Mr. I E. Hawkins, 5 Albert terrace, Coningham Btreet, South Yarra. 