GOVERNMENT WAR TELEGRAMS. The following telegram has been received by the Government from the Agent- General:— London, Aug. 11,1.35 p.m. The Russians have been defeated with great losses in killed and wounded at Loralz. It is reported that the Russians have been driven from the south of the Balkans, and are now holding only the Shipka and Boctengaia Passes. The Russians are in great force before Plevna, and the Roumanians are crossing to attack the Turkish left if required. The Emperor has been inspecting the army of the Czarowitch. The Servians are reported as preparing to re new an offensive war against the Turks. The English Mail. — The English Mail steamer Tanjore arrived on Sunday, being five days earlier than contract time. City Correspondence.—From some unex plained reason our UBual budget of city corres pondence has not come to hand. LO.O.F., A.U.—The fifth new lodge in this province in connection with this Order was opened at Norwood on Monday evening last, when 60 candidates were initiated. Kapunda Minstrels.—In our report of the recent entertainment, we inadvertently omitted to mention that Mr. Bird was encored at the conclusion of "Driven from home," and sang " Meet me in the lane." CATHOLIC CHURCH, TARLEE.—On Sunday last, His Lordship the Roman Catholic Bishop, Dr. Reynolds, solemnly opened the church which has recently been erected at Tarlee. There was a large attendance, including a number of the re sidents of Kapunda, and the amount collected reached a goodly sum. Government Dobbins.—Half a dozen of the dobbins used by the Government on the first portion of the Eapnnda and North-West Bend Line Railway were on Saturday sent on to the Balaklava line. We understand that the earth works on the portion of the line constructed by Mr. Beed are now all hut, if not quite, com pleted. Bafunda Agricultural Society's Show.— At the Committee meeting of this Society held on Saturday, it was resolved that prizes should also be offered for sheep and cattle, as well as horse stock, at the ploughing match, on Tuesday next. Mr. Morris kindly added to the prize list a five-guinea Bilver cup for the best pen of five merino rams (wool and carcass combined). The " amended prize list will be found in our adver tising columns. Primitive Methodism.—We are informed that the Primitive Methodists have organized a cause in the rising township of Endnnda, ser vices being held each Sunday in a wheat store for the present; bnt it is intended almost imme diately to erect a convenient place of worship. Arrangements are also being made for holding periodical services at the North-West Bend, an extra minister having been employed to assist in the enlarged Circuit. Bridge oyer the Light.—As will be seen by advertisement in another colnmn, a requisition has been presented by a number of citizens to His Worship the Mayor, requesting him to call a public meeting to urge the desirability of the erection of a bridge over the Light, at McCarthy's Crossing, which meeting His Worship has called for Friday evening next. The bridge is much needed, and we hope this movement will lead to its erection being undertaken. Strange Hooes.—Amongst'the cattle offered for sale from the Cathero station, Biver Darling, on Friday last, there were some which had most singular hoofs. The hind leg of one of them terminated in a sort of tender curly horn turning upwards and forward, abont a foot in length, whilst another was similarly affected in its fore foot, though in this case the excresence was not so long. Practical farmers who were present thonght the phenomenon was to be attributed to the cattle having been reared in marshy ground. Mr. Nock's Bell.—By some mischance a copy of this Bill has not reached us. We would, however, remark that so far as the Sunday closing is concerned, we cannot understand how it is the licensed victuallers do not in their own interests support it. It can be no more pleasant to them to he tied to business on that day that it would he for other tradesmen, nor is it at all more uecessaiy for the public that these places should he open on Snndays than it is that diepers, batchers, and bakers should keep open their j establishments. 1 Cart Accident.—On Saturday evening as Mr. P. Coffey, of near Linwood, was driving, home from Kapunda in a spring cart in company with Mrs. Coffey and child, when near Orchard's fellmongery yard the cart capsized over an em bankment. Mrs. Coffey fortunately threw the child clear of the falling cart, bnt she herself fell partially under the cart, and sustained some nasty bruises about the knees and the head, and sustained a severe shaking, but otherwise fortu nately escaped any very serious injury. Dr. McLachlan was called in to see Mrs. Coffey, who at present is lying at a house near where the accident occurred, and he reports she is pro gressing favourably. Biver Murray News.—Our correspondent writes:-—"There is nothing stirring worth writ- ■ ing abont, so, like the rest, I have to fly to the weather for a subject. The late dry weather and the frosty nights are frightening a number of people, who have prepared for an extra good season. They say if we do not get rain soon, we shall lose all our grass by the first hot wind, and it certainly looks veiy like it.—The railway works are progressing satisfactorily. The fre quent blasting of stone in the cuttings can be heard for many miles, reminding one of similar sounds that are going on in other parts of the world, shedding human blood.—The river is at a standstill, no rise being expected till Christmas." Count de Zaba.—-We would remind our readers of the lecture to be given this evening in the Institute by Count de Zaba on " The manner of studying Universal History," with illustrations. Count de Zaba has been labouring throughout the Australian colonies in the advancement of edncation, and should command a large audience, the more especially as he does not charge for ad mission, but, on the contrary, bearing his own expense^, must in reality be a loser by each lec ture given. We are glad, however, to learn that the Institute Committee has decided not to charge for the use of the Hall on this occasion, as the object which Count de Zaba has in hand is one ■which harmonizes with the purposes of the Insti tute, and is intended to benefit the public at large. Amtla.—A correspondent writing from Appila, ur.derdate AuguBt 6, says:—"The crops gene rally are looking well and very forward, especially the early sown. Hie later sown in places looks rather backward, and would do well with a nice rain. We have been breaking up new land on the hill-side, but had to knock off, as the soil got too hard, and the horseB are not in the best con dition for heavy work, half a day's ploughing being quite enough for a horse on grass feed. As soon as the rain comes, we'll commence opera tions again. From what I hear from others, there is no area looking better than Appila, and the farmers generally are in good spirits. I have not seen our township (Yarrowie) for months, although I live within four miles of it; bat I believe it is going ahead. It has three stores, two saddlers, two machinists, butcher's shop, a fine State School (nearly finished), two ehapels, and one pub. (quite enough)." Fares Omnibus Horses.—Strangers in Paris are surprised at the beauty and size of the omni bus horses, which are invariably kept in splendid condition. They are well fed, carefully treated, and never overworked. Each omnibus has ten horses belonging to it. These ten horses go out eveiy day; thuB, during the fourteen hours' service, the horses are changed five times. Being thus, carefully managed, their strength and speed endure during long years of service. To pre serve this strength great care is taken. At the foot of each of the hills that diversify the sur face of the streets of Paris—there are thirty-one of these hills—an extra horse is always iu waiting to aid in dragging the heavy vehicle up the ascent. Nor is the moral side, so to speak, -of the horses' training neglected. The pairs, once formed, are never separated, save in case of accident or sick ness ; they occupy the same stall and feed from the same manger, divided by a partition into two compartments. They thus become a unit in gait, movements, and impulses, and, being always driven by the same coachman, they get to under stand perfectly his words and motions. Their docility and superior intelligence fully reward their owners for the extra care and kindness shown these grateful creatures. Bank Notes.—Few of the person who handle Bank of Finland notes ever think of the amount of labor and ingenuity that is expended on their production. These notes are made from pure white linen cuttings only, never from rags that have been worn. They have- been manufactured for nearly 200 years at the same spot—Laver etoke in. Hampshire, and by the srme family— the Portals, who are descended from some French Protestant refugees. So carefully is the paper prepared that even the number of dips into the pulp made by each workman is registered on a dial by machinery, and the sheets are carefully counted and booked to each person through whose bands they pass. The printing is done by a most curious process in Mr. Coe'e department within the Bank building. There is an elaborate arrangement for securing that no note shall be exactly like any oth 'T in existence. Conse quently there never was a duplicate of a Bank of England note except by forgery. It has been stated that the stock of paid notes for Beven years is about 9-4,000,000 in number, and they fill 18,000 boxes, which, if placed side by side, would reach three miles. The notes, placed in a pile, would be eight mileB high; or joined end to end would form a ribbon 15,000 mileB long; their superficial exteut is more that of Hyde-park; their original value wsb over £3,000,000,000 ; and their weight over 112 tons.—City Press. A Novel Wages.—One evening this week a merry party in Strathalbyn were seated round a fireside indulging every passion for horrors ,by telling the most extraordinary "ghost stories" that conld be brought to recollection, and gradually the subject of " cemeteiy bravery" was brought on, when one of the party, a young gentleman, | declared his willingness to go to any part of the j Strathalbyn cemeteiy at midnight, and this state ment led to a wager being made that he would j not that night go and deposit: a bunch of keys j upon a specified grave. This he accepted and started shortly after midnight, returning in the ! course of the next half hour, having traversed the whole of the distance, two miles and a half, over a sandy and rough road, walked 50 yards into the cemetery, and deposited the bunch of keys upon the grave. The gentleman who laid the wager thinking that the distance could not he done in the time, the eourageoas one waq sent to his room with a companion who was to. see that he did not leave it during the night, and early next morning they drove up to the ceme tery, when the keys were found upon the iden tical grave agreed upon. The time occupied was so short as to deserve notice—any one knowing the road will *at once recognize that fact—the distance from the house from where he started to the cemeteiy gate being rather more than a mile and a quarter, so that our " brave" friend must have stepped it oat pretty considerably— whether impelled by fear or courage we canuot say.—Southern Argus. The Queen's Wealth.—An American journal writes;—"What Queen Victoria leaves behind her will never be known, because the wills of sovereigns are not proved; but those who have carefully considered the subject are of opinion that she must since the Prince Consort's death have saved at the very least £100,000 a year. Not only has she lived so quietly that a large proportion of her £385,000 a year public income most be saved, but it is to be remembered that Mr. Neild left her £500,000, which at 4 per cent, would give her £20,000 a year, and she receives £43,000 a year from her Duchy of Lancaster. The Crown lands given up to the country in lieu of a Parliamentary annual grant have of late years been so ably and economically managed that their revenue covers the royal allowance, and these Crown lands were as much the property of the sovereigns as the lands of the Duke of Devonshire or any other landholder are his. If the country choose to make the most of these lands by catting up—say the New ForeBt—and selling it in lots, and adopting a similar plan with other outlying possessions of the Crown, it would make money out of the royal family. The reve nue of the Duchy of Cornwall has risen from £22,000 in 1824 to £72,000, and increases an nually about £3,000 so that the next Prince of Wales will probably be independent of a Parlia mentary grant. Queen Victoriais probably saving with the view of rendering her family as indepen dent as the wealth of the Duke de Penthievre rendered the House of Orleans, and made Louis Philippe in consequence the cheapest of French Teaepio on Colonial Railways.—From the Public Works report recently laid before Parlia ment we learn that " The goods traffic on the Port and North Lines in 1876 only shows a slight increase on that of 1875 : but this is partly at tributable to a deficient harvest, and partly to the fact that a considerable portion of the traffic is now diverted to the Port Pirie and Port Broughton Railways. There has, however, been a marked increase in the passenger traffic, which will, without doubt, increase still further when the line is opened to the Semaphore. There has been a loss on the Strathalbyn and Middleton and Goolwa and Victor Harbor Railways, in con sequence of the reduction of the tariff, which will probably necossitate an increase of fares. The Port Wakefield and Blyth Line shows a satifae factory increase; but the expense attendant on the introduction of locomotives causes an apparent loss of £2,523. The Port Pirie and Gladstone Railway shows an excess of £1,450 for the short time which it was available for traffic. When this line is extended to James Town, there is eveiy probability of its becoming one of the most remunerative in the colony. The Kingston and Naracoorte Line was only opened for horse traffic during 1876, but it shows a net revenue over and above working expenses of £531 17s. 6d. This line is of the lightest description—the rails only 35 lbs. to the yard, and the engines only 12 tons weight; aud it is to be feared that if the traffie increases to any great extent, heavier rails and engines will be required. The Port Broughton line has not, so far, been a success, and it shows a loss on the year's transactions of £635; but whether the extension of the line to Red Hill or Koolunga would produce a different result is, of course, a matter of speculation, which will proba bly be taken into consideration at a future date." Accident on the Nobth Line.—A most serious accident occurred on Saturday evening last as the train was on its way to Kapuuda from Adelaide. From particulars obtained we learn that when the train was about three miles this side of Gawler, it was ascertained that the lamp on the engine either had gone out, or had not not been lighted at Gawler. The stoker, William Partridge, went forward to light the lamp. The engine-driver, thinking he was rather long over it, 'went himself to ascertain the reason, but Partridge was not to be seen. He immediately sounded the alarm, stopped the train, and re- 1 versing the engine they travelled slowly back for about two miles, wheD they found the poor fellow sitting at the side of the rails. In answer to a question from the engine-driver as to whether he I was hurt, he replied that he waB not; but oil examination it was found that his leg was cat clean off between the knee and the ankle. We hear that Mr. Mules rendered good service to the ; poor fellow by extemporising a torniquet, which I much assisted to stop the bleeding. The unfortu nate young man was at once taken back to Gawler, where he remained till Sunday, when he was re moved by special train to the Adelaide Hospital, and it was found necessary to amputate the limb below the knee. Mr. Partridge is the son of Mr. ■ John Partridge, an old employe on the line. He bore a good character as a steady and industrious young man, and was rising in the service. The train was going at the rate of about 25 miles an hour when the accident happened. The patient is progressing as favourably as can be expected, but of course is in a very dangerous condition. It is not known precisely how the wound was caused, but it is thought the splash-board of the train etruck Partridge's leg in the fall, causing the injury mentioned, as it is believed the wheel could not have passed over the leg. Concerning the same subject our Gawler oorres pondent writes:—" We had a Bad accident here on Saturday evening. The stoker on the down train had forgotten to light a lamp on some part of the engine, and endeavoured to do. so while the train was in motion, when he slipped off, his right leg, falling across the line, was cut clean off just above the ankle. He was removed to the Gawler station, where every attention was paid him by the station master's wife and his friends. He was removed by special train at 3 o'clock yesterday to the Adelaide Hospital." The same correspondent says:—" Another accident oc curred at Wasleys. A woman named McRobie jumped out oi the train, and in the fall broke her jaw. Dr. Popham was sent for, but I have not heard the full particulars yet." A correspondent, writing from Bassett Town, gives the following account:—" A serious acci dent happened to Mr- W. Partridge, fireman on the 5.30 p.m. down passenger train from G-awler. It appears that he accidentally slipped off the foot-plate of the engine near Miles's crossing, about one and a half miles north of Gawler Hail way Station. I am informed that Miles saw him fall, and ran up to the spot, picked him up, and found that the left foot was completely severed just above the ankle. The driver, Harrison, missed his fireman, pulled up the train, and ran back. He put poor Partridge on board and went bach to Gawler. Drs. Popham and Dawes were soon in attendance, when everything that could be was done to alleviate the poor fellow's suffer ings. Mr. Bennett, the station-master, had a special engine got ready to convey him to the Adelaide Hospital, bat the doctors decided that he was in too low a state to bear removal, so the special was sent to Adelaide for the young fellow's parents, who, I am told, live in your town. Mr. Bennett deserves great credit for the manner in which he acted. He remained up all Saturday night with the sufferer, and on Sunday afternoon went with him to Adelaide, where the leg was amputated just below the knee. I omitted to mention that Partridge was unconsciousjfrom the time of the accident up to 6 a.m. on Sunday.— I am informed that a woman jumped {or fell out of the same train about one mile north of Was ley's Station. Dr. Popham was Bet for, but as yet I have not heard the result of the fall." 