THE MAYORALTY. TO THE EDITOE. Sir—I trust 1 snail not provoke the animad version of Mr. Samuel Raphael, and be accused of " backscratching" if I echo back the opening sentence of Mr. .Samuel Tomkinson's letter so far as to say that " generally" it is a pleasure to read a letter from him. In view of the mutual pleasure our letters produced, my first impres sion was, that surely there must be some trait common to both, and asked myself, what can it he? Surely not cynicism? This solution I instantly dismissed from my thoughts, for who could for one moment suspect that the slightest trace of cynicism lurked in the generous hearted and liberal-minded gentleman whose nice perception of the eternal fitness of things was outraged by the sight, and in whose nostrils the smoke of the roast mutton, baked potatoes, and gravy of the imprisoned debtor was an abomination and an offence? I could there fore only suppose that the mutual plea sure was merely the charm of diver sity; that my long sentences and labored attempt at argument had an unac countable attraction for him, and that his short trenchant style, which dispenses with argument, and enables him to authoritatively and satisfactorily dispose of any subject from the fall of Adam to the fall of Ayers in about a dozen lines, had that fascination for me which qualities that are admired in others sometimes have on the mind of those who whilst admiring are conscious of their utter inability to attain. In his last letter, however, I think Mr. Tomkinson has done himself but scant justice; his letters generally carry such characteristics of their authorship that his signature is superfluous. In the present in stance eliminating a reference to himself in the fourth sentence, and omitting the signature, the cleverest expert would fail to attribute it to the writer. Mr. Tomkinson should bear in mind that he is no anonymous scribbler; he has a reputation to sustain as a letter writer, which maybe said to be colonial, which his fellow colonists to some extent look upon as public property, and which they are in a degree as proud of as a pattern to other communities as they are of universal suffrage, vote by ballot, the Ridley reaping-machine, Real Property Act, private executions, and marriage with deceased wife's sister. It is quite evi dent that whilst desirous of administering condign punishment for my audacity in penning "pungent" and long sentences anent the pro ceedings of such a distinguished and influential deputation as that of which he formed a mem ber he could scarcely make up his mind how to do it. Beginning by administering a little lubrication—much as a boa constrictor would to a victim he intended swallowing—he changes his tactics to administering a little caustic banter with reference to cynicism and Timon of Athens (mercifully omitting Diogenes and Aristhenes), when, as if suddenly conscious of treading on dangerous ground and using a weapon that might wound the hand that wielded it, he attempt to administer a little contemptuous sarcasm; and, finally, as if in desperation and disgust at his ill success, he hurls at my devoted head that ever- memorable donkey. Surely Mb guardian angel, or the guardian angel of the ex- Attorney-General, or both of them, must have been slumbering when those last lines were penned or his rash hand had been arrested ere he burst open the charnel-house of buried memories and invoked the ghost of this prophetic donkey to his aid, for surely as little comfort is to be obtained from it as Saul obtained by the assistance of the Witch of Endor. Had Mr. Tomkinson possessed discrimination and candour sufficient to acknowledge the merit of far and clear-sightedness wherever possessed he would never have written so slightingly of that donkey, for since the days of Balaam surely no such donkey trod this earth. Indeed, were I trained to the composition of sermons I think I could write a very interesting and edi fying one upon the points of resemblance or contrast or both of them of this remarkable animal. Did he not prefigure—I had almost said predict—in a most extraordinary manner the after-career of the ex-Attorney-General ? Alas, that his prophetic warning was unheeded. Had the electors of East Adelaide but taken them to heart they would have been spared the disappointment and ignominy of being repre sented by a political renegade. Did he not, let me ask, most persistently follow and make the most frantic efforts to reach the bunch of carrots suspended over the legend representing the emoluments of the Attorney- General, and has not the ex-Attorney-General since verified the accuracy of this prefignration? Has he not turned his coat and cast off his political friends with the celerity and in difference with which a snake casts its skin in spring time ? Has he not turned and intrigued, and ratted to obtain office with an unblushing effrontery happily seldom met with even in political life? I thought this remarkable animal had made his last appearance in public, when, doubtlessly in return for his services in soliciting votes on his behalf, the ex-Attorney General pleaded his cause in the Local Court— if unsuccessfully yet with a persistence that led him to transgress the etiquette, and bring on him the rebuke of the Court. I would even now suggest to Mr. Tomkinson, not on my behalf, but on behalf of the ex-Attorney General, that his memory be buried deep in the waters of the Lethe, with the benediction— " Rcquiescat in Pace" "Peace be to Mb manes but I fear it would be useless and unavailing whilst the ex-Attorney-General walks this earth, a living monument to his memory and won derful gift of prophecy. I feel sorry for Mr. Tomkinson's abortive attempt at being crusbingly severe. I could, if not cheerfully, at least with equanimity have borne a much more severe infliction rather than that his reputation as a model letter writer should be 'endangered. But putting aside personal considerations Mr. Tomkinson's state ment, that it never occurred to him to tempt the gentleman they waited on witli " honor, distinction and pay," and the suggestion that if offered they would be declined (though I can not conceive the gentleman alluded to doing so in so grossly personal and impertinent a manner as that suggested by Mr. Tomkinsou) conveys the idea that the gentleman he was addressing was so overwhelmed with honor, so surfeited with distinction, that any honor or distinction his fellow-citizens could bestow were ut terly valueless and unattractive; that his satiated appetite could only be tickled by a new sensation, and that sensation was to be made a martyr of, much as the old lady's over-fed ducklings which could not be tempted by corn, and were only to enticed off the water by her cries of "Dilly, dilly, ducklings come and bo killed." As a private citizen I object on principle to being placed under the boundless and everlasting debt of gratitude and obliga tion one must necessarily feel to a man who has sacrificed himself to your interest and suffered martyrdom for your good. Again, Mr. Tomkinson's statement that the deputation was to the merchant, the man of busi ness, not seeking honors, and preferring to spend his time usefully and profitably in his counting-house, &c.;, would doubtlessly be a very good argument why he should not be asked to leave it, but none that I can see why the citi zens should confer the highest honor and dis tinction they have to bestow, an honor, accord ing to Mr. Tomkinson's suggestion, unsought, a distinction unvalued. I would ask Mr. Tom kinson if his experience of life haB taught him . that society or humanity generally is most in debted for its welfare and advancement to those whose talents, abilities,-and sympathies have been confined exclusively within the walls of the counting-house until they have achieved a position so exalted that honors afford no allurement, distinction, no incentive* to exertion for the public welfare, or to those that as they pass along the piath of life take an in terest in the various circumstances which affect our common humanity ? Though a possibility frightful to contemplate, I cannot perhaps better illustrate my meaning, and more forcibly bring home conviction on this point to my readers, than by asking what an irre mediable calamity would it not have been had Mr. Samuel Tomkinson strictly confined his literary abilities to the requirements of a bank parlor, instead of from time to time scat tering broadcast amongst us those words of wisdom, gems of thought, and scintillations of mirth and humor which have so enlivened ths monotony of colonial life, carried amusement, instruction, and delight to thousands, and aided so effectually the moral and material welfare of South Australians. Mr. l'omkinson inferentially conveys the idea that the value of a gentleman's services as Mayor is in proportion to the sacrifices he makes in accepting that position, so that if Mr. A's income is £20,000 per annum, and Mr. B's £2,000, therefore Mr. A's services are worth 10 times as much as Mr. B's, which I fail to see, and think it is more probable that the extent of Mr. A's transactions is so great as to necessitate his confining his attention and talents.to on© portion only, whilst Mr. B.will probably possess a more intimate acquaintance with general business that would be more valuable to tho citizens than Mr. A's. Were the Corporation of Adelaide a Company formed for purposes of trade and profit, one could easily understand the advisability of securing a chairman of Directors, who had de monstrated his power, by fair and honest means, of money making by building up and profitably conducting the largest enterprises; as such is not the case, there are many other qualifications desirable other than those neces sary to the acquisition of money. Mr. Tomkinson is pleased to intimate that, under certain circumstances, the deputation of which he was member might have been re quested to transfer their solicitations to the writer of this letter. Had such an event occurred, the answer would have been— "Gentlemen—Whilst fully sensible of the high compliment you have paid me, I must say that I have a very strong feeling that the office for which you desire I should become %■ candidate should, in all fairness, he bestowed by the citizens as a reward to those who in past years have devoted their time and talents to the faithful discharge of duties undertaken for the public welfare, and which, we must all admit, have been so well performed as to have resulted in making the city a credit to us, more especially so if we consider the means at their disposal. I would also direct your attention to the fact that for the past 20 years I have taken no interest whatever in municipal matters, and unless when my own undertakings have been concerned no part in politics; as a consequence I have no experi ence of public life, and if elected should of ne cessity, for a considerable time at least, be com pelled to place myself under the tutelage of, and therefore an obligation to, those whom it would be my duty to direct and control, a position which I think, gentlemen, you will admit it is very undesirable the Mayor of Adelaide should be placed in. I should be happy to meet the gentlemen forming this deputation at anv time thev mirht an point for the purpose of ascertaining if there is any gentleman who has in times past served the citizens in any capacity that would give him a fair claim to their support, and who is able and willing to fill the office of Mayor. Should no such gentleman be found (and it is my impression that at least one gentlemen of this deputation has such a claim and is able if willing.) I shall then deem it a duty I owe to my fellow citizens to place such abilities as I may be possessed of at their disposal; but to allow myself to be nominated to a post of so much honor and distinction before ascertaining that there is not anyone possessing and prepared to prosecute a valid claim to the favorable consideration of the citizens, would in my opinion be unworthily striving to obtain that which of right should be bestowed upon another, and endeavoring to perpetuate a state of things which has inflicted a serious injury upon the citizens by destroying the incentives to serve them as Councillors." Mr. Tomkinson is pleased to allude to Mr. Peacock's sacrifice of time and unbounded hospitality. I can assure him that the citizens generally are not aware of any larger sacrifioe of time by Mr. Peaccck than by his immediate predecessors; and as to boundless hospitality, I positively assure Mr. Tomkinson that a con siderable amount of enquiry has convinced me that a great majority of the citizens are lament ably ignorant of its exercise. Possibly his hospitality may have been dispensed as alms should be, so that the " left hand knows not what the right hand doetb," but it is manifestly unjust to expect citizens to be grateful for that they know not of. I am rather surprised that anything "un bounded" should meet with approbation from a mind so strictly, not to say severely, well regulated as Mr. Tomkinson's. Anything un bounded will probably result in indiscrimination or extravagance. Even charity—" Charity that covereth a multitude of sins"—meets with no approval from Mr. Tomkinson, if we may form en inference from an advertisement I remember to have seen in the public papers to the effect that he had given in charty all he intended to give for that year, and proposed reservfhg the balance of his income for the liquidation of his debts; and for him now to give a tacit ap proval, if not commendation, of unbounded hospitality is, to say the least, most paradoxical. To surround the Mayorality with a halo of extravagant and unnecessary expenditure is in my opinion detrimental to the best interests of the citizens, and calculated to confine the aspirants to the office not to the best men, but to the longest purses. In conclusion—if I might venture to offer a little advice to Mr. Tomkinson—I would recom mend him, when again speaking at a deputa tion, to avoid "high falutin hyperbole, and that exaggerated, nauseous, and vulgar flattery so commonly indulged in. Had the speeches by the deputation in question been characterised by half the moderation and good sense exhibited in the reply thereto, Mr. Tomkinson's and my time, and your space, might very well have been spared. Iam,Sir,&c.;, JOHN A. NOETHMOKE. 