♦ ? THE MYSTERIES OF CEIME; OB, ^Thb Experiences of as Edutbuboe Detective. — No. LVIII. ;£Poblished by special amngement with the Author.] THIEVES' MERCY. I have now to introduce to my readers three individuals whose characters were so powerfully marked, and whose actions were so intermixed and closely linked that for long I have put off alluding to them, not at all sure of my ability to grapple with the various details, and convey to the reader even a faint idea of the excitement, trouble, and danger involved in their crimes. In the sketch entitled ' The Story of a Bullet' allusion is made to a daring criminal who I i)ecame one of the most determined hunters of thieves that ever trode these streets — that man was Hugh 'Mclndoe. I don't mean that he turned detective or policeman —far from it— I mean hunter of thieves in the most fierce and remorseless sense that it is possible to convey by words. The story of the man is suggestive ; there is a deep interest not only about his sharp con version, but about the whole of the exciting string of events that followed. I therefore would crave the reader's closest attention while I try to relate them in their proper sequence. Near the head of Iieith Wynd there Stood a block of houses called ' The Happy Land,' afterwards notorious overall Scotland through tumbling down about the ears of the inmates and crushing and kill Ing several in its ruins ; and in this hind, shortly after the scattering of Macluskey'e gang, there gathered a nest of thieves who for boldness and activity would have passed for a gang had we only' been able to spot out any one as the head. That there was a leader— active, talented, and daring in the extreme — we had not a shadow of a doubt. Robberies were committed which so common thief could have planned, and which could only have been carried out by the most systematic allotment of tasks to the various members, while counterfeit coin came floating about under our very k noses, so cleverly passed that not a trace of the 'smashers' but the bits of plated pewter laid before us was ever discover able. Shop-lifting, too, of the swiftest and cleanest was reported every other day ; and a, few of these cases in a vague way directed our eyes to the nest of thieves in th ; ** Happy Land,' and at the same time sent us spying and questioning at some of the captured members as to the name and identity of their leader. Here, however, we were astonished to learn that the thieves themselves were nearly as ignorant as the police. They had a leader, who planned the work m all its details, and also got, them out of scrapes when such a thing was possible; but lie was only known to a select few — never consorted or lived with them— -always came in disguise and departed in the same —sometimes in women's clothes, but more generally disgoised as an old man, with a stooping gait, asthmatic cough, and heavy, hoarse voice— assumed, no doubt, like the clothes and wig. No one knew who lie wae — what was his name — occupation, or even probable age — there were even doubts as to whether he was not a woman ; but as every thief in the gang was under a terrible oath not to pry into things that did not Concern them, and as it was to 'their interest to keep the said oath, the identity -of the Unknown, up to the tame of which I write, remained secure and un challenged. Thieves, being often deplorably ignorant, are not without superstition, and this, with ' tile; mystery surrounding the man, the j suddenness 'with which he sometimes : dropped 'upon them, and the swiftness with j whicn he spotted but a' delinquent, led \ them to dub him The Ruffian, which, Imay \ explain, in thieveB' Latin simply means \ The Devil. Here was a pretty romance to unravel; and, indeed, however much our curiosity] was quickened, for long I was not sure but the rascals were merely pulling the long bow for our especial benefit ; and I know not how long the mystery might have remained unsolved had not our curiosity spread to themselves. To explain this I must now come to Hugh Mclndoe and his connection with the gang. Hugh Mclndoe had been bred a black smith — that is, he had nearly finished his apprenticeship to the trade, when he got in tow with a girl on the streets called Kate Jackson, and they went straight downwards till he landed in the profession. The two agreed well together, I am bound to confess, and stuck to each other through thick and thin with a devotion and affection I have seldom seen surpassed ; but, after all, they were only thieves, and Kate, as the wife of a thief, was not greatly better than she had been when on the streets. She was faithful to him, that was all. 'You are a great fool, Mclndoe,' I said to him one day, as I was walking him up to the Office on suspicion of being concerned in a burglary over in the New Town ; ' a man of your ability, with a good trade on your finger-ends, to go and mix, yourself up with such wretches — to become one of them — hunted, spurned, and despised — it is madness.' 'Who hunts me or despises me?' he fiercely retorted. 'I do.' 'Oh, you! — that's nothing wonderful, seeing that you're paid for it. I am not shunned either, as you'll find — I have friends.' ' Yes, I know all that ; there's a gan» of you, and a clever man at the head ; rmt you'll find them your worst friends some day — mark my words. I'm not paid for: say ingthat, anyhow.'. He walked on for some distance in silence. 1 little thought of it at the time, but my words were sinking deeply into his memory — to burn and glow there like let ters of fire when the occasion came to re call them, though at the time they were rapidly effaced ; for a pettifogging lawyer was duly sent in by some invisible friend, and he so ingeniously twisted things that Mclndoe was discharged, and the case quashed. The money and wits of the Ruf fian had been well expended, and Mclndoe was saved from the power of the law — f or the last time, as will now appear. It so happened that of all the members of the gang Mclndoe was the most reckless and sceptical regarding the power and will of their invisible leader. The others feared and quaked — Mclndoe laughed and scoffed. One night when this recklessness was augmented hy drink and anger, they came to an open rupture over the division of some spoil. ' Who is The Ruffian, I should like to know, that he should claim the biggest half of all the swag ?' he fiercely asked of the conclave — who consisted of other two be sides himself and his wife Kate. 'This has gone on too long, through your cowardly shuhiing and shrinking. Look here ! from this night I share fair all round.' 'Hush, hush!' cried the other two, starting up and looking fearfully around. ' Stow that, for any sake — you never know when he may pop in on us ; and Pd rather dance on nothing than risk his vengeance.' ' Vengeance be blowed,' returned Hugh Mclndoe. ' I've worked for a fair share, and I'll have it : and listen ! — I've only seen The Ruffian once, but the next time I clap my peepers on his ugly face I tear off every fence and diguise about him, and make him stand forth plain John Jones, or whoever he is, before you !' The two thieves paled to the lips, and sat staring at him, transfixed with terror and amazement at his audacity. 'Hush 1' cried Kate, flitting round to his side, and trying to place her hand on his mouth. 'I think I hear some one on the stair.' ' I don't care-:— take off your hand — let them hear it who please, and peach who like,' defiantly continued Mclndoe. 'Til unmask him before you all, and ask him what he considers a fair share for himself. The mean coward doesn't even risk his own sMn in the business — we do all the work, run all the risk, and get next to nothing for our pains. I'll have no more of it !' ?' But your oath — you swore never 'I don't care what I swore — I didn't swear to work for nothing,' continued Mclndoe. ' If you are afraid to speak, I am not.' 'Then do you mean to withdraw and work on your own hook ?' cautiously asked one of tbe thieves. .'No, I don't want that either, though I'll go that length rather than be swindled. But I am determined to know whom I work for, and what share he considers me worth ; and I will, too— I swear it now !' ' You are drunk, Hugh, or you wouldn't let your prating cheat wag po freely. Do you forget them that has tried that game already, and only burnt their fingers ? How many has he hunted down for a mere cross word? Take care ! your turn may come.' ' Let him try it. I'm soft and quiet ; but I'm a devil when I'm roused,' returned Mclndoe. ' Let any one injure me or mine without cause, and 111 show them a thief's vengeance. I only want justice, which you pitiful sneaks are afraid to ask. Bah, I'm ashamed of you !' ' Well, we can send word to him, and hear what he says; but stow your whids — think what you like, but keep it to your self. I say it for .your own good,' said the thief, and with this the angry discussion ceased. But not one word of the threat was lost. Whether The Ruffian had actually over heard the words, or they had simply been conveyed to him at secondhand, I know not ; but it is certain that they reached bis ears, and as certain that they thoroughly alarmed him. He was seen no more about the Happy Land, and became even more hidden in his communications with the gang. It is true that all the concessions demanded by Mclndoe were freely granted, but if the rash thief believed on that account that all was still right between them he was frightfully mistaken. Tbe subtle vil lain waj not to be slighted wi^h. jmjuaity— « Mclndoe 'had threatened his safety, and was marked out for punishment swift and. sure. The^jdpt was ingenious, and might have deceived one ' more suspicious than'' Mclndoe. What the' plot was may be seen from the following communication to the gang, which I shau. translate as closely as. possible from the original : — ' 'The house No. 2, Lauder-road, is at present unoccupied. One man may lift all that is to Carry, and will be less likely to attract attention than two or more. Mclndoe . is best suited for the job, and will have one third of the swag for his share. The best entrance is at the back— the door leading in from the green to the kitchen. It is only a common lock with one slight bolt inside, which can be easily driven in. There is no plate, but in the library and drawing room there is plenty of stuff worth lifting. Let it be done to-night, not later than 12 and not sonner than 11. 'The Ruffian.' The same forenoon that brought the above to the Happy Land and set Mclndoe a-scouring and polishing at his tools brought the following curious note to me at the Office :— 'Mr.McGovan — Sir — I have often been struck with admiration at your activity and energy in your profession. I am compelled to withhold my name on the present occa sion, but assure you that it is not without a hope that some day we may be better acquainted. But business at present de mands my first attention. I have to inform you that to-night, between the hours of elven and twelve, that private dwelling, No. ? Lauder- road, will be broken into from behind by professional thieves. The door leading from the kitchen to the green will be first attacked, so behind that you had better plant your men. ' A Feiexd.' This precious bit of treachery was not written with a pen, but for greater security carefully concocted out of printed words and letters cut out of a newspaper, and pasted in succession on a sheet of paper. At first I was not sure but the whole was a hoax, coming from some one troubled with more time than they knew what to do with, and a hasty examination of the house indicated only seemed to confirm this idea, for the house, though let, was as yet per fectly empty ! Now, thieves are not given much to breaking into empty houses, nor even to breaking in on the mere chance of finding something; and, after getting the keys with some trouble, and carefully searching the whole house, 1 could find nothing but a few painter's pots and the iron grates — neither of which were likely to attract thieves. But then, think as I liked, I could not but see a businesslike firmness in the communication, which not even the carefully-administered sop of flattery at the beginning could hide ; and, as quarrels and treachery among thieves is not the rarest thing in the world, I at last determined to be on the spot at the time stated, and see the end of it all. We had nothing to lose, while it was just possible that we might not only capture the house breakers, but through their retaliation lay hands on the Friend as well. McSweeny and I went out to the Grange alone, about ten o'clock, and esconced our selves behind the kitchen door, quite pre pared for a disappointment. It was not without surprise, then, that about twelve, without any warning whatever, we heard : the click of a skeleton key in the lock, then a cautious pressure, and then a pause, as the key was withdrawn and another inserted. The bolt of the lock shot , back at last, and then with a touch of the hand McSweeny and I slipped back ; deeper into the lobby to wait for ithe next movement. First the door was : tried with a ' jemmy,' but as it stoutly ?. resisted, the tool was dropped and a wide * mouthed 'jigger' applied to the panel. \ A few grinding turns of this tool, and a ; hole was made clean through the wood ?. wide enough to admit the bare hand and *? arm of a man. We saw the hole against | the dim light — saw the hand come through, and, after a struggle, reach the iron bar, s and undo the fastening; and then we ; parted — McSweeny back into the kitchen, ; and I into the wash-house opposite. To ; our surprise only one man entered, and the 5 best of the joke was that, after carefully i gathering up his tools, he refastened the bar of the door on the inside, and very v methodically proceeded to light a dark ? Lantern, which be produced from his r pocket; and then I recognised Mclndoe. \ A step on either side startled him, and ; lookiHg up he uttered a shout of surprise, ' dropped the lantern with a smash on the ; stone lobby, and instantly backed for the ? door. But it was closed, and before his . hand was on the bar fastening he was : wrenched back, hurstled into the kitchen, : and securely handcuffed. Then I turned up the light, and his stricken gaze wandered : from the one face to the other. 'McGowan! McSweeny 1 I've been * betrayed !' he hoarsely gasped. 'It looks like it,' I coolly returned. ' Why, man, what on earth sent you here , — the house is empty ?' 'Empty!' he echoed, flushing up, and . with a blaze suddenly kindling in his eyes —'Empty?' 'Yes; use your eyes. There's not a stick or rag in the whole house ; we've iad i to sit on paint-pots while we've been wait ing for you.' 'Ah, you knew, then, that I was . coming ?' he cried, with a sudden flash of intelligence and tightening of the lips. : ' Will you show me the drawing-room and library?' ' What for ?' I demanded, not sure but he might try some trickery. 'Never mind what for, but show me them. If I have been betrayed — oh, if I have been betrayed !' I saw that he was fearfully excited, and at once motioned to McSweeny to give him his wish. We led him through every one of the empty rooms, and then a look came into his eyes so fiendish, so remorseless and vengeful, that I hope never to see the like on a human countenance again. 'Betrayed — sold— fooled— by the Ruf * fian!' he hissed oat through his teeth. ' And this is only the first stroke. I am to be hunted down. Well, let him ; it will be the worst job he ever tried. Take me away — lock me up — give me hah? a streteh — a year — a fiver — ten — twenty if you like ;*I'U live through, it all — live to make him feel it.' 'And who's The Ruffian, pray?' I asked, as carelessly as possibly. ' I don't know — nobody does; but I will some day. I am patient — oh, so patient ! And poor Kate ; if he lays a finger on her he may order bjs coffin,' 'Does he write withorifc ^pen-^-after -this -fashion?' tasked, holding out the anonymous note of the forenoon before his eyes.: 'Com0 now, Mclndoe you've been betrayed, without doubt; but only help us to clap bracelets on The Ruffian and I give you iny word you shall not lose by it.' 'I wish t could — I wish to heaven I could,' he said, with an earnestness that astonished me, after he had run his eye: fiercely over the strange note. r'This is The Ruffian's handiwork, and it is his hate at the back of it that has worked it all out ; but you don't know what you ask. He is a man, but not a common man; and if ever you lay your fingers on him, and know you've got him, you'll be cleverer than I take you for. It isn't Jim Macluskey you're 'dealing with now ; you could see : him and watch him, and know him and grasp him; but this man's a shadow. Oh, God, if I only had him now 1' ' Is it true that he is a Jew, and quite a young man ?' I asked, with great eager ness and interest. 'I don't know; it would puzzle his namesake to tell, for he has as many skins as a serpent, and takes a pride in remaining incog. That's why he has dropped upon me, for when he tried to cheat me I swore to tear the mask from his face before them all — and I would have done it, too. But the chance may come again. You may fail — he may even melt away and disappear without you ever being a bit the wiser ; but I, if I only live, will hunt him — from kennel to kennel, from hide to hide — through the country— over the seas— round the world, if necessary, before I give in !' : This wild burst came out with a rush, ; and a terrible rearing of his handcuffed hands in the darkness, and a deadly i gleaming of the eyes thatmade McSweeney shrink back in dismay; but he made no attempt to escape from us or resist in any way, and from that moment he became sullen and taciturn, and would not say another word on the subject I was so anxious to lay bare. As to his pals and .their doings, he was a sealed book. They had never betrayed him, nor injured him — when they did, it would be time enough to retaliate. He walked quietly between us to the office, and was locked up ; and to my cer tain knowledge, during the days that elapsed before his trial, never once openad his lips to speak to any one. The change struck me as curious, for he had been of rather a lively, open nature before, and I thought it boded no good for his easy con viction ; but there I was wrong. The mo ment the charge was read he pleaded guilty of breaking into a house with intent to steal ; and the cause for this politic move ment on his paTt was not far to seek. Directly behind him in the Court was his wife, Kate, with their child in her arms, and I myself heard her cry, in a loud whisper — ' Plead guilty, Hughie— plead guilty.' The sentence was six months' imprison ment, and every one was rather astonished to see the prisoner rise and, in a subdued and broken voice, thank the Judge for the leniency of the sentence. 'There's only one thing I would like,' he added in a low tone ; ' that is, to be allowed to kiss my wife and child — just once, my Lord, and I'll make up for it by good conduct in prison.' The Judge stared in surprise at the once defiant criminal, but nodded consent, and a slight murmur of applause ran round the Court, -while Mclndoe turned roundhstween the policemen and embraced his wife and child. 'Good-bye, Kate,' he said, huskily. ' It's only half a streteh ; but it'll be the last. When I come out, I'll do as you have long wished — Fll turn square, and work for you with these arms like any other man. I was told the prigs would be my worse friends some day — and they have. Keep your heart up, wifie — don't let them hunt you down, and I'll make you happy when I come out.' 'God bless you, Hughie, for that!' murmured the wretched- looking waif in reply, bending down and impulsively kiss ing her atomy of a child. ' Tommy will grow up an honest man, after all, and we'll be able to look the world in the face. Good-bye, Hughie — good-bye!' and with another embrace he was off to the cells, while Kate slipped quietly out of the Court and disappeared. But with that simple and affectionate parting Kate's troubles began. She re turned to the miserable hole she called her home, in the Happy Land, brimful of hope and pleasant dreams for the future; but the words uttered by Mclndoe at the part ing had either been heard or carried, for only a few days had passed when the fol lowing edict came from the monster at the head of the concern: — ' Mclndoe is lost to us — going to try the square tack when he gets out. Kate has done it all with her gospel-grinding — I always said she would manage it in the long run — therefore as she is a drone and burden on us, and will never work more on the cross — Turn her. out, child and all. Let it be done at once, if you don't want the darbies clapped on your wrists for your folly. 'The Ruffian.' But Kate in the short interval had caught fever before she had any preparations made for leaving the rookery, and, bad as they were, they could not turn her out thus. For about six weeks she lay there — tended but indifferently, and so warned by scowls and hints as never to trust her child for a moment out of her sight; and the very first day that she was able to leave her bed arother imperative message from the Ruf fian quickened her expulsion. They were not altogether without feeling, though — they merely acted under orders, fearing that, now that their interests ran in dif ferent directions, Kate would be better away — and so they made up a little purse for her, and bade her good-bye. Kate tottered up to the head of Leitli Wynd, over thick snow and frozen gutters, with her child wrapped close to her heart, to look the whole world in the face, but to find not one cheering smile of encouragement in it all. She was now free — free to begin the new life that she had so often pictured to herself — but she had no strong arm to sup port her — no wise head to advise — no friendly grasp to tug her through. She was a thief — a branded woman, whom the poorest thought it a virtue to shun. This woman — this mother, wished to be honest and virtuous, but only when she had stag gered up through the cold snow, and looked on the colder faces hurrying past, did she jeaij^ that fbe, would, hay© a %ai for ft, She got a lodging— one of die cheapest—! in a wretched hovel in the Canongate— and there she remained as leng as her money lasted. ' But now, as if his vindictive spirit was still unsatiate&r; The Ruffian sent in another command to her late companions : — . 'Kate is trying to get work and g-o1 on the square.. If she succeeds, it will only draw a noose round some of your necks^-therefore hunt her down. Ex pose her on every hand — watch where she applies for work — she has got no charac ter — give her one. ' The Ruffian .' Kate's money ran done, and then she left the lodging and slept, God only knows where. In a fit of desperation she at last trailed wearily into- a shirtmaker's on the bridge, and asked for work. The spruce shopman stared at the woeful figure and sunken eyes with some feeling, but said — ' You must go down to the back — to the workshop — and ask the head-cutter.' Kate thanked the man and left the shop, but as she did so a dawning of the truth flashed on her mind as she saw one of her late companions walk in and take her place. She got round to the back street to the workshop, but the message had gone down inside quicker than her weary limbs could travel ; and the first glance of the man as she put her inquiry froze the blood in her veins. ' Are you not a thief ?' he sternly asked. ' Go, as quick as you like — you are known, and the police may be after you.' She was out with a scream — flying up the steep street as if fiends and not police were at her heels. At the top she ran full against the woman who had betrayed her. She neither cried nor stormed, but with a strange calmness beckoned the woman to her side, and forced her to look down on the sleeping child resting in her bosom. 'You have done it,' she said softly. ' You have hunted me down, and he will grow up to curse you for it. Go away ! You are a woman in shape, but in heart you are devil. Poor wee Tommy, I'm afraid he'll grow up to be a thief, and to hear his mother's name hooted at after all.' The woman was moved in spite of her self, and faintly muttered something about acting under orders ; but the words were never heard, for Kate had wrapped her child to her breast and trailed wearily away. Down the High- street she went, followed no more, but now heedless and unconscious of the fact. Later in the day ske had gone into a draper's in the Canon gate and asked for work. The man refused, but noticed a wildness in her manner, and told her to leave the shop, without missing the two shirts she had lifted and hidden under her shawl. Hunger now forced her on, but at a pawnshop further down she met with a terrible check. The man stared searchingly at the hungry face, and still more searchingly at 'the goods, and pointedly asked her where she got them. The one word, the look even, was enough — and she was out like a flying ghost, leaving them in his hands — down — down, and away till she was crouching in a dark entry near the foot of the Canongate. Two or three persons in the stair noticed the crouching figure, but none interfered; and about ten o'clock at night it disappeared. She had gone into a little dairy close at hand, holding out her child in 'her arms, and saying in wild entreaty — ' For God's sake, give my wee laddie a drink of milk — he's had nothing since yes terday.' ' The milk was freely given, and a couple of cakes along with it, and then she had hurried back to the shelter of the entry, but only to be driven out by the policeman on the beat. He told her to go to the Night Asylum, but she gave not the slightest sign of having heard him, but limped off — away down past Holyrood To wards the Queen's Park. Out in the snow — away up on the white hillside, under the shelter of the great frowning rocks — no one could interfere with her there — nor hunt her down — nor tell her to move on — nor laugh at her — nor taunt her with her wickedness or poverty. The white snowflakes fell faster and faster, but they only seemed to lie softly and kindly, giving her the shelter and cevering that all the earth had refused. But it was cold, cold — and fear for her treasure made her tear up her shawl into strips to wrap round the child's limbs. Then she cuddled herself closely round it, crouching to keep the wind from him, and huddling closer to the rock to keep out the drift, and the dim moon looked down pityingly on the lonely pair, and the drift nurried in faster and faster to complete ita work, and then, under the soft white mantle poor Kate fell asleep for ever. She was f ouud thus next day by one of the keeper's frozen stiff as a stone. The child was still alive when they were found ; but it also died on the second day from the effects of the exposure. Poor Kate ! no stone marked her grave, and the only notice taken of her death was a brief news paper paragraph under the heading, 'Woman found dead in the Queens Park.' A few months after Mclndoe was set at liberty. He was in the highest spirits, and on bidding the governor of the prison fare well, and thanking him for all his kindness and good advice, assured him that he had resolved that that should be his last con viction for theft, and that he and hit wife would henceforth lead a new and a better life. At the head of the North Bridge he stumbled against one of the gang, who no sooner recognised him than he tried to slip away without a word. But Mclndoe was not to be eluded. He collared the thief, and dragged him bodily into the nearest publichouse, and there put the one vital question — ' Where's Kate ?' The man paled, shuffled, and shrank; butmade no reply. 'Where's Kate, and Tommy, and how are they all, and how have they fought througfi it ?' repeated Mclndoe, with grow ing alarm. 'Speak, man.' 'Have ye not heard anything?' asked the man, without looking him in the face. 'How could I? Tm not five minutes out,' was the hurried rejoinder. ' Tell me, man — she's not ill, is she ?' 'No, she's not ill,' dubiously returned the thief; ' but I'd rather not say anything about her. Good day,' and he tried to rush out of the shop, but was nearly strangled in the attempt. 'Tell me whafs up at once, cried Mclndoe, in desperation. 'Do it, of Til footfLeyou/ ' Well, I'm afraid you'll be cut up about it,' slowly answered the thief, in tones that were like a f oners! knell to all Mclndoe's hopes ; 'and I'd rather take half a stretch in quod than hare to tell yet it. Both Kate ana wee Tommy's dead.' « Dead— dead— dead ?' The three words came out in incredulous gasps, and Mclndoe was staggering bock white as a ghost as he uttered them. ' Yes ; she took the fever, and wasn't over stroBg when The Ruffian made us turn her out. Then she tried the honest dodge, saying- that you meant to* be squBro when you came out ; and it might have' worked, only Tke Roman ? ' . 'Ay, The Ruffian— tell me about him,'' gasped Mclndoe, ia shalf-stupified tone. ' Well, he had her bunted down;- told every one what she was, made them.1 ask for her character, and so on; and than, ; poor lass, she prigged something and? was got lying dead in the Queen's Park.' 'And this you^ you fiends— whom^ I never injured by word of deed— helped to do ?' cried Mclndoe, waking up as from, a dream. 'Not I,' answered the thief, shrinking' back, 'If I'd only known Kate was in trouble or want Pd- have- chopped off my hand sooner than let her perish. No; Ruffian or no Ruffian-— orders- or no orders — I'd have saved1' her.' 'It matters- noti Words— words are nothing!' shrieked the bereaved man, rising and towering like an avenging demon above the other. ' I am alone in the- world and all my hopes blasted. You hawe killed my wife -among you — my Kate, that was all the world to me — and my wee bairn, that was innocent as the angels in heaven.- Fiends-! had you no mercy? Could you not have- spared them and let me suffer? Listen to- me! Til have life for life — hunting for hunting ! I swear by all that is sacred to live but for one object — to tear the mask from- the Ruf fian, and to hunt him off the face of the earth. And not him alone — all of you! — all, all, all ! — not a thief shall escape — every one shall feel a thiefs pow-erj a thief a vengeance.' . As Mclndoe screamed forth this wild, threatening burst, his hands -slackened their grasp on the man before him — he gasped and choked for breath, and, taking advan tage of the moment, the thief wrenched himself free, and dashed out of the shop and disappeared. A few moments after the waiter en tered the bar and found Mclndoe stretched on the floor in a faint. Fearing some foul play the lad called in the police, and with great difficulty Mclndoe was brought round. But not one word would he speak against any one. He stretched himself up, moan ing and wringing his hands, and then drew on his cap, thanked them for their kind ness, and abruptly quitted the shop. When. next we heard of him he had started to work at his trade at a smiddy in the Horse Wynd, and appeared to have changed from a violent and reckless thief into a quiet, inoffensive -working man. That was the outside — but inside what was it? — slum- bering fire — vengeance nursed — hate cherished as a sole passion and incentive to hard labor. He worked like a slave, early and late, and lived like a miser, and thus began to lay by money. How was- it to be spent? This question I will try to an swer as these sketches proceed. ? ^ ? ? 