TEE RUSSOTURKISH WAR. No movement- of troops has yet 'been made across the . Danube, owing to the continued floods. The river- is. however, now subsiding. 'The Czar, with an enormous retinue, arrived at the head-quarters, near Bucharest, on the 6th. He was accompanied by his civil and military household, by the Grand Dukes Nicholas, Vladimir, and Sergius, by Prince Gortchakoff, the General-in-Cbief of the- Staff, &c.; General Ignatieff is also at -Ployesfci. It is generally believed at the Turkish head quarters that the Russian main force will at tempt in the next few days to cross the Danube near Nikopolis. Many Russian batteries have been planted on the Roumanian side of the Danube, and there is frequent cannonading,: especially between Kalafatand Widdin. One of the most daring deeds ever recorded in the history of warfare was performed on the Lower Danube, Bear Ibraila, on May 26. A small detachment of Russian soldiers, commanded by Lieut. Dubaschelf, accompanied by the commander of the Roumanian flotilla, Major Murgescu, went off in boats and planted a deadly torpedo under the monitor Dasmatom, lying at anchor. It was fired from the shore by. an electric battery aud wire. The monitor was blown into the air, with all the officers and crew. The explosion was terrific, and as nothing is said of the crew being savad, it is supposed that all on board perished .with the vesseL Lieutenants Dubascheff and Sbestakoffjthe Russian Officers who performed this exploit, have been rewarded with the Cross of St. George. It is believed that 150.CCO are in position near the Danube waiting for the signal to cross, and that 100,000 more are. in Moldavia. Great sickness prevails in the camp. A telegram from Ibraila says :— Prince Gort schakoff looks very ill, the mere ghost of him self. He is very much disappointed at not being able to go to Ems to take the waters as usual. This disappointment is telling upon him more severely than the wear and tear of war. It is thought he will not live long. The independence of Roumania was decreed on May 21 in the Senate and Chamber of De puties by a nearly unanimous vote,' aud ue clared by Prince Charles on the 23rd, in a speech in which he expressed his confidence that the Great Powers would agree. Teere is great agitation in Servia, but the Czar has told Prince Milan that he must main tain a strict neutrality, or Austria' will occupy Servia. The Boumanians are being treated very badly by the Russians, who have split the Roumanian army in two, and even broken it up more minutely. They laugh at the Roumans, and do just as they please -in tbe country, smuggle on a vast scale ^utterly in violation of the; Conven tion), treat tbe Roumanian officers with undis guised contempt, and behave as roughly, as, four weeks ago, they behaved tenderly. According to a telegram from St. Petersburg, the Russian Ambassadors in London, Vienna, and Berlin return to their posts without having received instructions to enter into any special negotiations. They will, however, be able to explain that the sole object of their Govern ment in entering upon the present war is, as heretofore, to protect the Christians in the East, and to obtain for them, by means of political guarantees, those 'concessions which the European powers have twice declared to be urgently required. Russia has no desire to pro mote revolutions in the vassal States, or to cause fresh European complications, aud her policy by no means excludes the eventual co-operation of other States. It is thought to be not impro bable that the Emperor, while at the Russian headquarters, will take an opportunity of ex pressing hit. views on this subject. There has been some disturbance at Cons tanti ple. The Softas, who have recently been pur chasing arms, especially revolvers, sent a Depu tation to the Chamber on May 23, and after wards .visited the Palace. They demanded the execution of the Commandant of Ardahan, and a change in the Ministry. The subsequent debate was so violent that the President adjourned the. sitting, and on May 24 the capital was declared in a state of siege, all persons ordered to sur render their arms, and domiciliary visits autho . rised to search for them. Many of the Softas have been deported, and calnr now prevails ; . but the fall of Ardahan created much conster nation. It seems that the Sultan is a mere puppet in the hands of a triumvirate, composed of the notorious Mahmoud Damad, Redif Pasha, and Sail Pasha, who have constituted themselves a war .conncil, though knowing nothing of military ; affairs, and who only allow : their master to ? know as much as suits their ends, and set their faces against his joining the army. The Sbiek al -Islam has proclaimed the holy war -and dabbed the Sultan victorious. Heavy reinforce ments are still being sent to tbe Danube, where the Turks are greatly outnumber ad, and there is talk of making a levy of 200,000 Christian recruits. . ? : : It is stated that so much disaffection has pre vailed amongst the Circassians in the Russian army since they learned that the Sheikul Islam had proclaimed a holy war that all the Circassian troops are being sent back to Russia. Some of them have been disarmed ; one regi ment is to be sent to the garrisons in Siberia. ; ! The Scheriff of Mecca is reported to have placed tbe Sacred Treasury, valued at two' mil- lions sterling, at the disposal of the Sultan. The Khedive of Egypt has some 3,000 troops to send to Turkey, but has feared to do so, as there is a Russian man-of-war, off the Italian coast. Some Turkish ironclads have been sent to convoy them. 5^5513 In 'Wednesday's sitting of the 'Turinsti Chamber the Minister of Finance stated that the Government required a grant of five mil lions. It was resolved to appoint a : Committee to examine this demand. The question of an internal loan aud of voluntary donations was at the. same time discussed. In reply to a ques tion the Minister of Finance stated that the negotiations for a foreign loan had led to no result. MW « ? A telegram from Widdin on Wednesday night says: — The Russians are in great force at Karakal as well as at Saltoha, opposite Floren tin, the Tillages in these districts being' strongly occupied, and all the Toads carefully picketed.- It is almost certain that the enemy will attempt to throw bridges over the Danube during the night, covered by as vigorous a ehe]l-fire as can possibly be maintained. Pon toon .trains and a. great force of artillery have arrived. A war Ministry has fee&a; formed at Athens, and the Turkish Government is said to have resolved to call upon the Greek Government to explain ihe meaning of its. military prepara tions. At present, however, Greece is by no means prepared .for war. The signatory powers of the Geneva Conven tion 'have agreed that during the present war Turkey may substitute the Crescent for the Red Cross on all hospitals, ambulances;' &c.; Russia will Tecognise this substitution on- condition that Turkey promises to respect the Red Cross. It is stated ' from Constantinople that the Sultan bas received a despatch from the Khe dive intimating that if. the Porte should refuse the Russian Navy the right of passage through the Suez Canal it will be necessary to send some ^Turkish men- of-war to defend the entrance. ' ? The Porte has decided, in order to avoid eon-r flict in the Suez Canal, that the passage shall be free to all flags except the Russian. The campaign in Montenegro has begun. Suleiman Pascha, at the head of alarge Turkish forces has -entered that principality, and has gained some successes, but have not as yet suc ceeded in reaching Niksics. The Montenegrins have held their own, but with heavy losses, 600 killed and wounded being reported, and 1,200 Turks dead. Fifty officers' sabres are reported to have been brought in. - According to another account the Monte negrins, under the command of Prince Nikita, cannonaded. Fort; Nozrenich,- in. the plain of Niksics. They forced the Turks to abandon it. The campaign in Armenia has gone badly against the Turks. Tbe Russians captured Ardahan, an important strategical position.' The territory to be traversed by the several columns under the Grand Duke Michael is of great ex tent, and the strategic combinations, especially with unfavorable .weather, required time for development. But Mukhtar Pasha can make no head against the invader, and saves himself from defeat by retreating. Apparently .the Turkish commander-In-chief will hardly venture to make even a stand to save Ereeroum from failing into Russian hands. Ears is now com pletely invested ; its garrison has begun to economise food ; and the siege operations . are being vigorously prosecuted. Though oft' repelled from the outskirts of Batoum, the Bus- ; sians seem resolved to isolate, if they cannot ' capture, that important seaport, which would be a great acquisition to them at the close of the war. Only in the Caucasus do the Turks ap pear to be making way. The frequent rein forcements sent to Sukum-Kaleh . aud other places on the coast constitute a respectable force, and the Circassian insurgents are becom- - ing more confident. It 'seems that a consider able body of Russian troops destined for Ar menia has been detached for the security of Daghestan and Tiflis. The Czar bas ordered that more energetic measures shall be taken for the systematic sup pression of the revolt in the Caucasus. A telegram for Batoum, dated June 6th, says : — The Russian advanced posts were within two miles of us, while their head- quarters were within four. The Turks here are anxiously awaiting the coming battle, and confidently expect to give a good account of the enemy. . Towards evening the Russians began a move ment on our right, and .au artillery combat is now proceeding. A nervous feeling prevails at Constantinople concerning Ears, and the Government has to contradict reports that it has fallen. A tele gram, dated yesterday afternoon states that the garrison continue to resist the Russians. The Turkish army in Armenia is of poor material, and is poorly provided. There is great corruption in connection with the contracts. The best fighting men of thiB part of the Sultan's dominions were taken away months ago to fill up the ranks of the army which defends the Danube. 