IRELAND. ABSCONDING OF A LEADING ORANGEMAN AND MAGISTRATE IN IEELAND. The great topic in commercial circles in the North of Ireland is the absconding of Mr. W. J. Devlin, of Cookstown, who only about a week since was sworn in as magis trate for county Tyrone. Mr. Devlin was a flax dealer and general merchant in Cooks town, Chairman of the Town Commissioners, magistrate for Cookstown, and for a week or two magistrate for the county Tyrone, to which he was appointed on the recommenda tion of the Earl of Charlemont, through the influence of his friend Colonel Stuart Knox. He took an active part in the return of Mr. Ellison Macartney at the last election. He leaves liabilities amounting, it is said, to £40,000. He has been some time embarrassed about pecuniary affairs, and his difficulties reached a climax on Monday evening, when he left town via Dungannon for Dublin, and has not since returned. It appears that he has deeply compromised not only his own aristocratic and political patrons, but the small tenant- farmers of the district, with whom his principal business was transacted, and to whom he was indebted in sums more or less considerable. An extraordinary scene was witnessed when his departure and the cause of it got noised abroad. Hundreds of his creditors poured in from the country districts and surrounded his house in a state of great excitement. At length they broke all bounds and rushed into the house, seizing chairs, sofas, couches, cheffoniers, pier glasses, pictures, etc., and carrying them off until, in a short time, the house presented the appearance of a looted barracks in a besieged town. Those who could not make an entrance by the front made a flank move ment in the rear, and entered the stables, taking the horses, machines, and every available chattel about the premises. A warrant has been issued for his apprehen sion. A correspondent of the Dublin Freeman, writing on Sunday, January 27, says :— Commencing life as a labouring man, and working for a shilling a day, Devlin rose to be a local dictator, presiding over the Town Commissioners, the Board of Guardians, and the Orangemen of the district. Indeed, had not the bubble burst, the probability is that he would have sought the representation of the county at the next general election ; for, although he promised to be on the same side as ' his Grand Master ' next time, no one would have dared to say what side that might be. But the Tories are in a sad plight to day, and through and by Colonel Knox what is called the ' good old cause ' has received a blow that it will not speedily recover from. This does not arise altogether from Mr. Devlin's bankruptcy. That fatality has befallen even greater men. It is not that Cookstown banks and traders and Tyrone farmers have been fleeced. All this would have been bad enough ; but worse remains behind, for forgery on an extensive scale is now freely talked of, and my information is such as to warrant the statement that should Colonel Knox's protege be brought back to Ireland, even this serious charge will be established against him. Some people of a very generous nature are freely expressing their sympathy with the ex- member for Dungannon, who was the medium by which the magic letters 'J. P.' were so recently added to My. Devlin's name. But Colonel Knox must in this case have acted in defiance of the opinion of several of his friends, who were not altogether ignorant of what was likely to come. Indeed, it is said that even the worst was known before Devlin was sworn in — this interesting ceremony took place, it is said, within the precincts of an Orange lodge. THE IRISH LAND LAWS. We do not propose to make more than a brief reference to the case recently decided by the Chairman of Wicklow, Dillon vs. Lord Fitzwilliam. A lord turns out a tenant whose father had converted a swamp into blooming fields, and who himself had so much further improved the land as nearly to treble its value. This tenant owed no rent ; he did technically violate a rule of the estate by having no house on it, but he had offered to build one, and to give a guarantee of £500 for his doing so. There was no reason apparent for his eviction. What the motives of Lord Fitzwilliam were, the Chairman said he would not inquire. Perhaps it was not necessary. The act, we think ourselves, whatever the motives, carries its own condemnation on the face of it. The Chairman allowed four years' rent for disturbance, the maximum allowed by law, but which is probably not much more than one year's rent that will be paid by the new tenant that Lord Filzwilliam will get. Mr. Dillon's father had made the chief improvements, but that was more than twenty year ago, and as the law did not allow the Chairman to go further back than twenty years, his lordship had for nothing at all what was done by old Mr. Dillon. If his lordship continues in this way, no doubt he will die a very rich peer. Ten pounds an acre was allowed lor the improvements effected by the plaintiff himself, so that he gets altogether about £300 for a claim that he himself valued at £1140. Now, we do not think all this needs much comment. The facts speak abundantly for themselves. Only one remark suggests itself. It is generally assumed that on the estates of noblemen and very large proprietors, the tenants are safe, and that capricious eviction is only to be dreaded on the estates of small and needy proprietors. What eviction could be harder, or apparently more capricious, than this perpetrated by Earl Fitzwilliam ? - Cork Examiner, January 13. O'Leary the pedestrian. Yesterday (says the Cork Herald of Jan. 15) the champion walker of America, and as he is anxious to prove, of the world, Mr. Daniel O'Leary, arrived in Cork en route to Clonakilty, where he has to pay a short visit to his friends and relatives, The manner of his arrival in town was in keeping with his entire course of conduct since his reaching England from America, as he travelled very quiet and allowed none to be aware of his native country. In Mr. O'Leary a great deal of national interest at present concentrates, as he has matched himself against Weston, and the terms have been agreed upon for a a walk of one hundred and forty-four hours, in other words, from Sunday to Sunday. This great walk will commence on the 2nd of April next, and it will decide the champion ship of the world. Mr. O'Leary is a man on whom his countrymen may well depend to uphold the national honour. He is an honest son of the soil as ever entered on a dreadful hard work to sustain the prestige or his countrymen in feats of great labour or daring. RESIDENCES OF IRISH BISHOPS. A correspondent writing from Cork to the The Tablet, raises issues of some moment. In reference to the vacant See of Ross. Emi gration, within the last thirty years, has made radical changes in the parochial and diocesan distribution of the Catholic popula tion in Ireland. If we look to the early sees their names have almost disappeared from modern geography, the industrial drift of population having diverted population from these centres. The Archbishop of Cashel no longer lives in that ruined ancient city ; the Bishop of Raphoe resides many miles from that village: the Bishop of Down and Connor resides in Belfast, while the village of Connor does not contain a score of Catholics ; the Bishop of Dromore lives in Newry, far from that little town ; the Bishop of Clogher does not reside in that obscure hamlet ; the Bishop of Kilmore lives in Cavan, a few miles from the village from which the see takes its name; the Bishop of Ardagh resides many miles from the village of that name, and from Clonmacnoise ; the Bishop of Meath, with a provincial designation, does not reside in any of the nine contres of episcopal sees within ancient royal Marth; the Bishop of Ferns lives far from the village of that name, once the residence of the Kings of Leinster ; the Bishop of Kildare and Leigh - lin resides in Carlow, between both towns ; far distant from the seat of his see ; the Bishop of Cloyne resides in Queenstown ; the Bishop of Ross in Skibereen ; the Bishop of Ardfert and Aghadoe (wrongly called Kerry) in Killarney ; the Bishop of Killaloe rarely in that little town ; the Bishop of Kilmacduagh and Kilfenera never lives in either village ; the Bishop of Elphin resides in Sligo ; the Bishop of Killala in Ballina ; the Bishop of Achomy in Ballaghadereen ; and the Bishop of Clonfert in Loughrae. This statement proves the vast changes that have taken place by the diversion of trade and population from the centres of the ancient sees of Ireland, and the gradual adaptation of the residences of the Bishops to these changes. BANQUET TO Mr. BUTT. On Thursday evening the members of the Home Rule League entertained Mr Butt at a banquet in the Antient Concert Rooms One hundred and twenty gentlemen sat down to table, including representative men from various parts of the provinces. Several ladies were also present. Mr. Broolxo, M.P., as at the meeting in the Eotundo, occupied the chair, and discharged the duties in a really efficient manner, Mr, Butt's speech was, of course, the speech of the night. Addresses were also delivered by Professor Galbraith, Mr. M'Carthy, M.P. ; ' Mr. Eedmond, M.P. ; Mr. O'Shaughnessy, M.P. ; Mr. Dv/yer Gray, T.C. ; Mr. Downing, M.P. ; Mr. Sullivan, M.P. ; Mr. Dolahunty, M.P. ; and the Very Eev. Canon Bourke, who stated that he was present as the zeprou sentative of his Grace tho Archbishop of Tuam. We need hardly say that the utmost harmony and enthusiasm prevailed through out— Nation. MAGHERAFELT LAND CASES. The great tenant right cases of the Lord Chancellor of England, and now Master of the London Mercers' Company, have just come to a very abrupt termination. It is stated that the amount involved altogether is a demand by Lord Selborne for an appropria tion of some forty-six thousand pounds of the existing tenant right, valued at about half a million. Had the cases proceeded in the ordinary way, Lord Edwin Hill Trevor, Deputy Grand Master of the Irish Orange Confederation, whose tenant right was stated to sell at from twenty to eighty pounds per acre, was to be examined as chief witness for the tenantry, about one half of whom are Orangemen. The Hon. Charles Brownlow, land agent for the Marquis of Londonderry, was also to be examined to prove the extraordinary value of tenant right in the County of Down, where it has been limited. Mr. John Rea, the tenant's attorney, has been committed to gaol for contempt, and the tenantry and their witnesses by a direction of Mr. Rea, left the court, allowing the chairman and opposite attorneys to proceed as they might think fit. The forty-nine ejectment decrees were therefore dismissed ex parte, and the land claims dismissed with costs. REV. THADDEUS O'MALLEY. The Dublin Freeman of Jan. 30, says :— It's our painful duty to announce to-day the death of this aged and well-known Catholic clergyman, after a comparatively brief illness, having reached the venerable age of more than four score of years. His earliest appearance in the arena of Irish public life was on the occasion of the intro duction into this country of the system of Poor Law Relief. O'Connell, then in the full flush of his vigour and his wonderful popula rity, encountered the proposed introduction with relentless opposition. Father O'Malley also had a controversy with the Archbishop of Tuam on the subject of the National Schools. Father O'Malley was strong and ardent in his advocacy of Federalism, and sustained a nhot and passionate debate upon the question with O'Connell, in the Repeal Meeting rooms on Burgh Quay. His character as a priest, and the mighty in fluence of O'Connell, nearly failed in saving him from rude treatment by the audience. CORKMEN TO THE FRONT. The following is extracted from the annual report of the Cork Literary Association :— Men bred in common schools of Cork hold their own to-day with the best culture of Oxford and Cambridge in literature, in science, and in art, at the bar, and in the House of Commons. The son of a shop keeper in Patrick-street has just stepped into the front rank of English poets. The son of a trader in Dominick street has just shown that he can wield the sceptre of vice- royalty with the firmness of a pro-consul — bearing the strong, protecting the weak, up holding the right. A county Cork man has achieved the one great success of the present Parliament. A Corkman is first of living actors. A Corkman is amongst the first of living composers. Better portraits are painted on the South Mall than in Pall Mall. A Corkman is among the first of living novels ists. A Corkman wields the thunders of the ' Times.' A Corkman is one of the ablest of London lawyers. A Corkman is an American Chief Justice. A county Corkman brings the ripest learning and the soundest sense and the readiest eloquence to the old See of Cashel. When Gladstone assailed the Church he was answered by a Corkman with a logical force that not even Newman or Manning surpassed. The Cork pulpit has men worthy of the best days of pulpit oratory. The Cork press is second to none in the empire. Amongst a hundred pre lates, where will you find one sounder in scholarship, larger in culture, courtlier in presence, or priestlier in heart than jovly own ? FATAL HEROISM. The fine new barque ' Assacuradeur,' of Youghal, 900 tons burden, homeward bound with timber, was waterlogged in the Atlantic with all boats carried away, and the crew of fifteen men and boys, had to take shelter on the foremast where they suffered dreadfully for three days and nights, when a Nova Scotian brig hove in sight, and bore down on them, and though the sea was something terrible five men manned one of the boats, put off to the rescue, and succeeded in taking off one half the crew, who got safe on board the brig. The five gallant fellows again put off for the remainder, but dreadful to relate the terrific sea capsized the boat, and the five heroes were drowned in siqht of both vessels. In spite, however, of this dreadful scene, another boat was put off and the remainder of the ' Assacuradeur's' crew all saved and landed at Bremerhaven. DEATH OF AN OLD RESIDENT OF ARMAGH. A couple of weeks since (says the Ulster Examiner) an old and respected nationalist named John French, of Lurgan, was walking about in his usual health and strength, and on the following morning he was dead. The deceased was well, known in Lurgan for his advanced national sentiments, but though he held those himself, he could not have been accused of wilfully offending those who may have differed from him. There was scarcely a recurrence of the Orange anniversaries that he and his family were not subject to much annoyance by the ignorant Orange party, and frequently their house was wrecked and the inmates placed in imminent danger of their lives; yet all was borne with much patience. GOVERNORSHIPS HELD BY IRISHMEN. We all know that the English regard us Irish as being little better than children of a large growth — as being silly, imaginative, impracticable, and quite incapable of man aging out own affairs, or anybody else's. But how comes it when they want govern nors for their colonial dependencies they have to fall back upon Irishmen? The London Times the other day reminded us that at present the Governorships of Canada, Victoria, Ceylon, New South Wales, Hong- kong, South Australia, Mauritius, Western Australia, Griqualand West, Malacca, and the Falkland Islands are held by Irishmen. The Irish, says the Times, thus hold the only two Colonial Governorships of £10,000 per annum, and two out of the three Governorships of £7000. — Dublin Irish man. FALL OF A NEW CHURCH. Portions of the new Catholic parochial church now in course of erection at Gowrane fell on Friday night, the 5th ult. The parts of the building which gave 'way were the columns of .the aisles, with the arches and superincumbent masonry. The external walls resisted the shock, but both series of arches are now completely in ruin. Much sympathy is felt for the Rev. Mr. O'Hanlon, P.P., to whose zeal the erection of the church is due, and to the parishioners who have liberally aided him. A portion of another building in the city of Kilkenny also fell on Saturday about mid-day. This house was the ancient hospital or almshouse, situated in Rose Inn Street, and founded and endowed in the year 1852 by Sir Biehard Shee. THE WEATHER IN IRELAND. The news from Ireland for the week-ending January 13th again gives intelligence of very disastrous weather. From the provinces we have reports of renewed storms and floods. Several mills on the Bann have had to be closed, and at Dartrey, near Charlemont, a new house was swept away. From Ennis killen we have details of serious inconve nience to householders. Newry has expe rienced a terrific storm of wind and rain. For the fourth time within a month the district of the county Wexford surrounding Enniscorthy has been laid under water, and great damage has been done. Kinsale was visited by a strong gale on Sunday night, January 7th, and all the tributaries of the Shannon, in the neighbourhood of Limerick, have overflowed their banks. MR. O'KEEFFE, M.P., AND THE DUNGARVAN ELECTORS. A telegraphic dispatch in the Cork Exa miner, dated Dungarvan, Tuesday, January 23rd, says :— 'The excitement of the election conti'nued unabated to day. At 11 o'clock, a bellman went through the town, announc ing that an effigy of Mr. O'Keeffe, M.P. for Dungarvan, would be borne in procession through the streets and afterwards executed from the yard-arm of one of the vessels lying at the quay. This, of course, was the signal for some amusement. At 12 o'clcck the effigy of Mr. O'Keeffe was carried in procession, aa announced, followed by a large number of people laughing and hissing, and Beveral of whom were blowing fog horns and ringing bells. Groans for O'Keeffe, the partisan of Lehmann, were loudly given The police were also on the scene, and later on some of tho participators' names were taken down. After going through the street the procession made its way to the quay, and then the effigy, amid the most boisterous hooting and yelling, was brought on board the vessel Boadicea, belonging to Captain Carrol, where a rope was in readiness for the deed to be performed. On the breast of the effigy were the words, ' M. O'Keeffe ;' its arms were extended, and when the rope was adjusted its legs were dangling in the air. The raising of the effigy was the signal for the most uproarious yelling and hooting, com mingled with sounds of fog horns and ring ing of bells. 'JackNing-nong' was the executioner, and did his duty aomething after the Marwood style. All the colours of twenty vessels were flying, and each time the rope was hauled and the effigy raised aloft, the air reverberated with laughter, shouting, blowing of fog horns, ringing of bells, and every demonstration of the wildest .excitement. After a quarter of an hour's hanging the effigy was taken down and again borne on the shoulders of men to the bridge, from which it was thrown most violently into the deep water beneath, and immediately all the flags of the vessels were lowered. With lhi9 act the excitement of the election, as far & 9 Dungarvan is concerned, is over. A rumour has gained currency that a meeting will be convened for the purpose of ascer taining the advisability of calling on Mr. O'Keeffe to resign his claim on the borough of Dungarvan as its representative. MISCELLANEOUS. The Irish Times of Jan. 18th says :— « The continuous downpour of rain during the past month has eaused extraordinary floods in the district around Clonaslea. The streets have been almost impassable, and miles of country have been submerged by tho mountain floods. In the Portarlington and Mountmellick neighbourhood tillage work has been com pletely abandoned, owing to the fields being covered with water. Whole acres of eountry are covered in the Bullough.townland, and it is reported that some cattle are lost. If the floods do not soon subside the straitened circumstances of farmers this season will be changed to almost utter destitution.' Mr. Delahunty has been elected M. P. for Waterford, Mr. Esmonde having retired in his favour. The funeral of Captain Eaynes, the late Harbour Master of Cork, which took place last Saturday, was one of the largest private funerals seen in Cork for some years. At the Clonmel Quarter Sessions on the oth ult., there were twenty-one adjourned ejectments at the suit of Nathaniel Buckley against the tenantry of his estate, entered for hearing. The Right Rev. Dr. Conaty, Lord Bishop of Kilmore, on Friday last, the Feast of the Purification, conferred the order of priest hood on the Rev. Hugh Brady, a student of St. Patrick's College, Cavan, who was also appointed by his lordship bursar and pro fessor of philosophy in the college. The Rev. Terence Murray, P.P., Kildare has been translated to be parish priest of Carri gallen, vice Rev. Patrick Galligan, deceased; Rev. Dominick M'Breen, Adm., Castleraghan, promoted to be parish priest of Kilsdallen. At the Cavan sessions recently, seven good rent paying families were sought to be capriciously evicted, for no visible reason except the unsustainable one that the land lord required the farms for himself. These ejectments were defeated on a point of law. On Saturday Lord Powerscourt met with a severe accident while out shooting on the Powerscourt Demesne, Enniskerry, County Wicklow, with Lord Killeen and other friends. On the rising of the first covey of birds, the party, which was divided in two, fired, and a portion of one of the parties charge of shot struck Lord Powerscourt about one eye, some entering it, and others taking effect about his head. The physicians held a con sultation on Monday at his lordship's family seat, and it was resolved to remove the injured eye. The operation has been success fully carried out, and his lordship is progress ing favourably. Michael O'Brien, a driver, who was returning from Mitchelstown, to Fermoy, was nearly drowned in crossing a river. The horse, valued at £60, was drowned. The police at Whitechurch, Cork, went to a wake on the 7th ult. and there arrested a returned convict, who gave his name as Cullmane. He had a pair of pistols on him slung round his waist. A respectable man named Michael William Cronin, who carried on the business of grocer and general merchant in Cork, was com mitted for trial on the 13th ult., on a charge of arson, the allegation being that he burned his own house and contents. He was re turned for trial, but admitted to bail. The boarding boat belonging to T. Curran and Company, clothiers, Queenstown, with five boatmen in her, capsized off the harbour on the 15th ult., and all hands were lost. The names of the men are— John Flynn, Dan Feeny, Pat and John Hayes, and John Keeffe. Clare.— The Rev. Michael Mahony, P.P., Tubber and Boston, died on January 12th at the parochial residence, Tubber. The rev. gentleman was only in his 39th year, and apparently had many years of usefulness before him, when a sudden break up of health sent him to receive the reward for his zeal and piety in this earthly life. Removing Sea Weed. — A farmer named Cathcart was recently fined £5 at Letterkenny Petty Sessions for carting sea-weed from the shore of Lough Swilly, it being the property of James W. Stewart. On January 17th, Patrick Farrell, a waggon examiner in the employment of the Midland Railway Company, while engaged at his work at the Athlone station observed a man walking between the rails and apparently unconscious of an approaching train. Farrell rushed forward and succeeded in removing the man out of danger, but was himself struck down and run over by the two waggons attached to the engine. Both of his legs were broken and mutilated in a frightful manner, the right one being almost completely severed. Dr. Lyster was in immediate attendance, and had him con veyed to the infirmary, where the right leg was at once amputated below the knee, and it is thought a like operation will have to be performed on the other. But little hope of his recovery is entertained. On Jan. 16th the election of a successor to the late Most Rev. Dr. O'Hea, Bishop of Ross, was held in Clonakilty. The Mass of the Holy Ghost having been celebrated the election was proceeded with. The Arch bishop of Cashel presided, and there were eight of the nine parish priests present. Father Troy, a parish priest of Moycross, being unable to attend, sent his vote under seal. The Rev. Father Donegan. Vicar Capitular, and Rev. Arthur O'Leary, P.P., Ardfield, acted as scrutators. The reault of the voting was as follows : —Rev. Canon William Fitzgerald, President of St Colman's College, Fermoy, nephew of the late Dr. Keane, Bishop of Cloyne, Dignissimus : Very Rev. Dean Neville, P.P., V.G., Cork, Dig nior; and Rev, Dr. Eyan, P.P., Ballingarry, Cashel, Dignns. The month's mind of tho late Bishop was celebrated on the following clay in^the parish church, Skibbereen. In nearly every house shutters were up, and other tokens of mourning were displayed, and business seemed to be entirely ouapended during the ceremonies. The Bishopa present were tho Most Rev. Dr. McCarthy, and tho Most Rev. Dr. Gillhooly. Catholic Ireland.— The Irish Master of the Rolls, in the case of 'Beresford ' Jervis and Another,' has ruled that a gift in perpetuity for Masses for the dead, to be of fered up iu tho Catholic Church of Wexford, was void, aa not being for a public charitable purpose, and as not being within the mean ing of the statute. Well Done, Sligo!— The county Sligo has made a very welcome New Year's gift to Ireland. She has added one to the roll of Home Rule Members of Parliament, and a good one into the bargain. There can hardly be any one in Ireland who needs to be informed that Captain King-Harman does not now for the first time pledge his leaity to tho Irish cause.— Dublin Nation. On Jan. 8th, the boarding boat belonging to T. Curran and Company, clothiers, Queenstown, with five boatmen iu her, named John Flynn' Dan Feeny, Pafc and John Hayes, and. John Keeffe, boarded c. barque off the coast, and placed a water clerk on board of her, and then v/as being towed after the vessel, but tho aea was so rough at the^ mouth of the harbour that the men wero obliged to let go and follow the vessel into the harbour under oars. A 3hort time after the boat capsized and all hands were lost. A meeting of the inhabitants of Queenstown was held on the following evening at the Town Hall for the purpose of raising funds for the families of the five men, and a cum of £100 waa subscribed. At the Liverpool Police Court on January 18th, an old man named ;Wm. Dolahuuty was charged on his own confession with tho murder of Eiehard Kennedy, hio brotherin law, in the year 1833. The prisoner on the day before, while under the influence of drink, accosted a policeman in the street, and said, ' I surrender myoelf for the murder of Eichard Kennedy. He waa married to my sister and he ill-used her through jealousy. I watched him and hit him with a stone, and killed him on the spot, at Stonecarthy, in April, 1833.' The prisoner was remanded for inquiries to be made. A new hotel, to be called the ' Grand Hotel' is about to be established ac Licdoon varna. The site has been selected, and the plans of a most spacious building prepared and executed by one of the first architects in Dublin. It is to contain eighty bedrooms, a large coffeeroom, ceventy by thirty feet, with a folding door ; large drawing-room, sittings rooms, billiard'rooEa, reading-room, &c.; ; also a ladies' private billiard room, with ' bath-rooms and every requisite aeeommoda j tion, including stabling. The pleasure j grounds v?ill be tastefully laid out for croquet and lawn tennis. The capital is set down at £10,000, in five hundred shares of £20 each. The Very Eev. Dr. James O'Shea, pariah priest of Eathkeale, died on Jan. lOfch, aged 65 years. His career in the sacred ministry has been a long and distinguished one, and he has left behind him in Eathkoale many noble memorials. The magnificent church which now adorns the town ia the work of the lato pastor. The parish is indebted to him also for the Convent and Christian Brothers' Schools, in which hundreds of children are receiving an educa tion second to none and even in cecular matters his ability waa exercised with, signal advantage to his parishioners, for he was mainly instrumental in establishing the markets and faira from which the town has derived so misch advantage. Hio death io universally deplored. Dr. Butler, Biahop of Limerick, officiated at his obsequies on the 15th ult. He waa interred in the sanctuary of tho Eathkealo new church, a building which he had himself been. instm« mental in mioing. Rev. D. Kane, CO., of H^ddington Boad Church, Dublin, died on the 19th ult., and was interred ia Glaanevin Cemetery, on the 12th ult. He was much regretted. A vast and magnificent bell has just been completed by Sheridan, of Dublin, for St. Patrick's, Belfast. There are four Irishmen among tho Trappiofc monks at Sept Foncs, France, one of them being a son of aformer mayor of Dublin. A movement ia on foot in Dublin to raises fitting memorial of the Very Eev. Dean O'Connell, whose death caused widespread mourning. Father Tom Burke preached in the Cathedral of Cork, in aid of the funds of the I Magdalene Asylum, and made one of hia own ' wonderful appeals. A fatal accident happened on 20th Janu* ary to the youngest son of the Hon. Anthony O'Grady Leiroy, Colonial Treasurer of Western Australia. The boy was on a visit to Major Bruce, of Lescragh, county Tip perary, Ireland, and while in the act of load ing a cun, it accidentally went off, killing him almost instantaneously. Cattle plague was so prevalent in England and other countries that the Lord Lieutenant has, by an Order in Council, forbidden the importation of cattle from tho countries in question into Ireland. The Waterford Corporation have presented Mr. Delahunty, the nowly^olected Liberal member of tho constituency, with the free dom of tho city. HughiNeill O'Donnell, Eaq., Larkfield, has been appointed to tho commission of the peace for the county of Leitrim. Since the death of his father' there was no Catholic magistrate in tho district. The pawnbrokers of Belfast decline to pay the annual feoa to tho pity Marshal of Dublin until tho question ia decided of who is the legal holder of tko office of Registrar of Pawnbroker*]— Mr. J. S. Carroll or Mr. M Angelo Hayes. Mr. John Sea has been released from prison at Derry, and great preparations were made Belfast for welcoming him home, but he misoed the train at Omagh, and the affair was therfore postponed. There haa been a considerable revival in the linen trade of Belfast with the United States. At the annual meeting of the Flax Supply Association in Belfast it was stated that there waa more land under flax in 1876 than in 1875 ; the yield wa3 leca per acre, but superior in quality. The chairman, Mi1. Mul holland, M. P., thought attention should bo directed to increasing the yield per acre, the average yield per acre in Ireland being 28 stonea, and in other countries 34 atones. Three fishing boats, with their crews, numbering nineteen pornonc, have been lost in a gale off the Donegal coast. A Gal way man, Mr. Gerald Fitzgerald, haa been selected, in conjunction with Mv. Ho- ' maine, late Judge Advocate-General of India, a3 Compfcroller^General of tho Finances of Egypt, under Mr. Goschen'a Dchemo. On tho night of tho 6th ult, a farmer named Edmund Abeam, from the Glen of Aborlow, reported to the Tipperary police that ho had been attacked, robbed, and severely beaten, by four men near the old police barrack of Brookville. He was bleeding from tho nose and mouth, and his left eye r/as quite black. The perpetrators of tho outrage have not been discovered. A private conference of Homo Eule members of Parliament waa held in Morri son's Hotel, Dublin, on Wednesday, tho 31at of January. Mr. Butt M.P., was subse quently entertained at a banquet. An employee in Mandera' brewery, named James Connor, wa3 killed on the 12kb. ult. . by being caught in the machinery. He lived four hours alter the accident, and uald, ' Thank God, I was sober when it happened.' A verdict of accidental death v/oa returned. By the inundations of the Shannon large tracta of the lowlands adjacent to Xillaloe and Castleconnell have besn flooded, and in some instances the riparian eottiera have been obliged to abandon their home. The Stoem in Nn wet.— During tho late gale no fewer than forty two telegraph pole3 were thrown dov/n along the railway between Portadown and Tanderagee, and along the line between Ennickillen and Londonderry as many as 242 poles came to grief. At Portadown, and along the banko of the Bann the country at many points is covered with water and Lough Erne has nofc been so high for tho last thirty years. Loss of a Dublin Ship and all Hands. — The brigantine Ida3, of Dublin, on her return with coal from Whitehaven, was wrecked on Langness Point, near Cnstletown, Isle of Man, on the 10th ult., during a terrific gale, and all hands drowned. There was no possibility of saving any of the crew, aa the ship went to pieces almost instantly. Their names are as follows : — Ezekiel Stowart, captain ; John Gallagher, Jamea Shannon, Patrick Mooney, John Shearona0 Patrick Slano, and Patrick Oweno, all of whom were married, and belong to Dublin. The vessel wao owned by Mr. William W, Eobinson, Westland-row, Dublin. THE ORANGEMEN AND THE CHIEF JUSTICE-SHIP.—On the 15th ult., John Rea the well-known attorney of Belfast, issued the following notice :—" Most Urgent Notice —AS Hon. Secretary of the Queen's lsland Shipwrights, I hereby convene a public meeting of the Orange and all other Prot- eatant Shipwrights of Belfast at seven o'clock on Tuesday evening, the 16th inst., in the Music Hall, for the purpose of forthwith taking all such steps as may appear requisite to support the Right Hon. Baron Cairns, Lord High Chancellor of England, in his efforts to prevent the proposed appointment of James Anthony Lawson, Esq., to the office of Lord Chief Justice of Ireland." Information having been given at the police barrack, Tralee, on Jan. 8th, that the house of a man named Michael Action, in Chapel lane, had not been seen opened for some days, and that the ov^ner who was the only occupant of if-, was missing. Acting constable Boran proceeded to the house and burst in the door, which was firmly fastened from the inside. On entering ho found the .' unfortunate man lying dead across the fire* ? place and dreadfully burnt. An inquest on the remains resulted in the finding of a verdict that deceased came by bio death by accidentally falling into a fire at his house in Chapel lane while in a state of insensibility. On Jan, 18th, a labouring man named Devlin was employed to deepen a well at at Farrenlosfcer, near Coleraine, and had got i to the depth of fifty feet, when he was over come by the foul air. A man named Moody volunteered to descend after him, but when within six feet of the bottom, he was also prostrated, and fell to the bottom quite dead. Both bodies were recovered by means of . grapples. Moody leaves a wife and three children. The Most Eev. Dr. Butler, Bishop of Limerick, has appointed the Very Eev. John Halpin, P.P., V.G,, Kilfinane, to the parish of Eathkeale, vacant by the lamented death . of tho Very Eov. James O'Shea, P.P., V.G., and tho Sev. Patrick Lea, P.P., Eeenagb, to the parish of Kilfinane. Mary Horan, an Irishwoman, died at Sheffield, England, on Jan. 11th, at the age of 106 years. She retained all her faculties to the last, and there can be little doubt of her age, a3 some time ago the guardians, as well ' as eome of the local papers, thoroughly . investigated the case. : On Jan. 27th, an old gentleman named John Shea, who had reached the great age . of 102 years, 6 months, died at Todmorden, Canada. He was a native of the county Kerry. He was a veteran of tho 83rd Begiment, and was all through the Penin sular War. He came to Canada in 1847. Up to Ia3t fall he retained his physical energies to a remarkable degree, and thought jnothing of going out to his garden and digging up a bushel of potatoes. Although there are seven bods living he has but one grandchild. One » of bis sons is a Catholic priest in the State of Indiana. Mr. Shea passed away very qui8tly and apparently without pain through sheer old age. EEAioS. THE MEilOEY OF NAPOLEOIi III. ' Some 5000 parsons were present at the Mass for the repose of the soul of the late Emperor of the French, at the Church of St. Augustin, Paris, on the 15th of January. The church was filled with the notabilities of the Bonapavtist party, and those who could find no room waited patiently outside. BTearly every person present wore a bouquet of violets. Tho demeanour of the crowd outside was orderly and reverent, and there were no cries or manifestations of any kind. GRAND BALL AT SHE ELYSEE ON THE 23RD JANUAEY. Paris, January 24. — Marshal MacMahon and the Duches3 of Magenta gave their first ball this year last night. Several temporary salons hung in Gobelin tapestry were added to the splendid apartments of the historic palace, where so many welUknown memors able events took place. To say that it fully equalled any before given in that splendid mansion, the residence of the President of the Eepublic, would be only to repeat what I heard said by the guests several times in the evening. The music was far superior to anything wo heard before. The celebrated Strauss himself conducted the orchestra, and received quite an ovation after the per* formanee of the 'Blue Danube,' which positively electrified the dancers and the audience. There were three large salons set apart for dancing, and from half-past nine until five this morning the gay Parisians and some thousand foreigners never ceased ' chasing the hours with flying feet.' What ever may have been the anxious preoecu pations of |the Turks, Eussians and English present, the French evidently hud none, and enjoyed the gay scene fully. They probably feel that the conflict is none of their making, and that if war begins in the East they will keep aloof from it, and remain neutral. Some of the brave generals who distin guished themselves in the late unfortunate war were present. I remarked, among others, General Chanzy, Governor-General of Algeria ; General Batuelle, who was seri ously wounded at the battle of Spicheren (6th August, 1870) °; General Ducrot ; Genaral Sumpt, who lost. both his hands at Sedan ; General Vinoy, who made the memorable retreat from Mezieres, and many others- There were officers of high rank from every country in Europe, and a few from America. The ex-royal family was represented by the Duke d'Aumale and by the Duke do NemourG, sons of Louis Philippe, and by the Duke d'Alencon, his grandson, and by several ladies of the royal family. Nearly all the Ministers made their appears aneo for a short time — Jules Simon, Presi dent of the'Council, &c.; Marshal M'Mahoa looked fresh and vigorous a3 he stood beside the charming Duchess of Magenta to receive the six or seven thousand guests, who filled up every j vacant space ia a few hours. The Duchess ; wore a splendid white satin dress, with lace. I She walked through all the salons, ex changing a few kind words with those she knew. Of the beauty, grace and elogance of tho beau sex it is difficult to speak with ; too much praise. Every country had worthy representatives among them=-England her fair Saxon types, Spain her dark eyed fair ones, Russia her tall sylphlike distingue jeunes filles. America her varied but not less lovely types. Among the real beauties of the far West there was an Hungarian princess, formerly Miss Parsons, who would have won the grand prix if impartial judges i were called to decide the question, and Miss Irving8 from New York. An O'Brien, par less femmes, was also much admired. Our own Emerald Isle brought a few representatives not unwortlry (o compete with the others. Mdme. des Valieres, nee | M'Swiney, Alias Lily'M'Swiney, daughters of the former Lord Mayor of Dublin ; Mdme. l'Anaurah Foureehon, wife of the Minister de la Marine ; Miss B. Leonard, and many others, whose names I do not remember. { Though perhaps too partial to ray own | countrywomen, I may say with the Vicar of j Wakofield, when speaking of his daughter, I should not have mentioned the facfc if it had not been the general opinion of the people around me. Nothing could equal the admirable arrangements for the pleasure and comfort of the guests, .nor the urbanity and kindness of the President of the Kepublic and the amiable Duchess, both, as is well known, of Irish origin. Supper was served up stairs in those rooms where Napoleon I. and Napoleon III. spent anxious days ; one when he lost the throne, and the other when he won it. Every delicacy possible was offered to thajjjjguests. The best productions of the vintage were drunk in flowing bumpers, and inspired that gaiety which in France never degenerates into inebriety, and which gave the fair dancers strength to extend their waltzes, polkas, and quadrilles until the dawn=[]of another day. It is incalculable the benefits to trade such fetes bring. The dressmakers had hard times of it, but were rewarded with golden honours ; they brought intojlcona tribution every shade and hue of the rainbow, and added to nature all the charms of art. Men milliners, too, it appears, were the authors of some of those chef d' csuvpes which have as many admirerc as a new poem or an opera. Though entirely uninitiated in all the secrets of dress, I actually shared the general enthusiasm when some toilette exquisee was pointed out to me. The socialist or stoic may sneer at such flimsy handiwork, but when we remember that many an humble home receives from the manufacture and ' confection' of those lovely dresses the best comforts of life, that Utopian dream of equality that would leave the onvrier and the ouvriere in want and distress, we must fear ever to see inaugurated. There is no danger, however, as long as the loyal soldier who holds supreme power is at the head of the Government.— Corr. Cork Examiner. 