COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. Saturday, 25th August. Messrs. D. Willder aud Co. report sales of— Commercial Bank, £5 3s. St. John's Free Presbyterian Church.— Services were conducted in the above church as usual yesterday by tho l{ev. T. E. Ick, M.A. The subject "The character of Barnabas" was chosen from tho XI. Chap, of Acts, 24th verse. The rev. gentleman referred, in opening, to the peculiar love which persons cherished to leave a name behind them precious in the minds of those who remained on the earth. The iirst thing set forth in the character of Barnabas is that of simplicity. Having described the delight of Barnabas on hearing that much people was saved, the preacher next noticed the faith which permeated tho life of the good man. The text in the evening was selected /rum tho LVIII chapter of Isaiah, oth verse, " Wounded for our transgressions," formed the basis of the sermon. After a few introductory remarks, the preacher dwelt on the substitution which li.nl been offered to mankind. Tho sin3 of mankind were pourtrayed; how Christ had acted volun tarily and without constraint. The virtue of a voluntary and forced substitution was described. The scene in the Garden of Gethsemane formed an illustration in the Saviour's character of resignation, which was to act as a sample to his followers. Tho scene of the Mount was next depicted, the agonies aud tortures endured for our sakes. In concluding, the rev. gentleman urged on his hearers to accept Jesus as their substitute and all would be well. Payment of Kates.—It is notified in our ad vertising columns that legal proceedings will be taken for the recovery of rates in the Borough of Eaglehawk after fourteen days have expired. School of Mi>es.—Tho following will be the tuition for the week in the chemistry clas-res:— Practical detection of metals by colors imparted to flame; volumetric analysis of alkalis; carbonic oxide gas, its preparation, properties, aud uses. Meetings This Day.—Anglo-German, Wed dell, 3; Empiro Amalgated, Barker, 9.15; South St. Mungo, M. Barker, S; Whip Keef, Craig, 3.30; Bell's Tribute, Bell, 3.30. Chinese Ceremonies.—The Chinese camp on Friday night (says the Ballarat Star) resembled a vast beehive more than anything else, for it was crowded from dusk until dawn by larnkins, Chinese, and sight-seers male and female. Tho j annual ceremony of providing food, raiment, and firing for the souls of those Chinese who have died by violence or accident was performed, a priest coming from Dunolly to officiate. About £30 was collected to pay expenses, and was laid out in firewood, foo i,' and paper patterns of clothing. At dusk a largo lire was lit in the open air, and tom- toms, kettledrum and reed pipe3 used, to produce an ear« splitting chorus. This music, uncartl'tyi though not very spiritual, was kept_ uj) until midnight, to attract the attention of tho spirits for whose benefit the good things were provided. Spirit etiquette seems to be tho same all the world over, and it is not " the thing'' for even Chinese ghosts to walk before midnight. At that witching hour gin and wine were spilt upon the earth, and dishes wherein rice, fowls, fruit, vegetables, aud pudding formed an olln ■podrida were placed round the fire. When the spirits were supposed to have eaten enough to last them for another twelvemonth and warmed themselves thoroughly, the paper clothes were burnt amid many quaint ceremonies. Iho food was then distributed amoug_ the paupers of 'the . camp, a group of tha loathsome lepers -from near the Jiiilci Butts who had crawled to the ceremony, getting 3 fowl to themselves. . These poor wretches, living horrors, appeared to enjgy their lughj gut, but would haye gqt lijftlc pf' t'he spirit food had it not been for Constable Thompson. The larrikins behaved shamefully during ihe earlier portion of the night, .arid one occasion took pos session of tho wood-stack, and piled every log on the fire. Constable Thompson, summoned by fifty Chinese, drove them off, aud the Chinese recovered their wood. Luckily, he.vy rain drove most of the boys home before mid night, and the Celestials completed the sacrifice in peace. Another Phase of Major Smith's Cosu'oral 'Punishment Circular.—The following. to. the editor, appeared in Saturday's Ilduara Star:—"Sir,—As in all other schools, the news soon got wind in mine, that corporal punish ment was prohibited, and a serious blow to dis cipline was the result. However, I shruggi my shoulders and resolved to obey orders, con soling myself with the thought that it could no directly affect my pocket, and that the com: munitv would eventually be the loser. .uu > sir, imagine the revulsion of feeling I went when a junior teacher brought for deliberately tearihg'^iip' one of the few ... books^—part of the ' Government free stop . Well, sir| what could I do! To punish no would be criminal; to threaten her would on Jf provoke a grin at my utter helplessness. I am 'responsible to the department for re^ stock', 'arid cannot' see"how I can prevent art currehce of this'work of demolition. or;' .j. all, her father is a member of "(.lie (ocal ]?!!?,nA aijvice, eo'th'at'fhq flljgljteit'de'gWnnj fjoin t' strict 'letter 'pf thpJ law would he fraught wi "direct consequences, "'Can you or any_'of / readers advise nie how to protect mysell in 8 nnattor ? layige nie now *u ~ — Yours, etc., —a Coiwthy ^t« School Teacher." 