NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events are as follow: —Meeting of Bunin yonghire Council meeting of Benevolent Asylum committee. Mr John-Irving Winter, proprietor of the Colbinab- bin Statiqnj near Like Cooper,'died at Jhe Shamrock \- hotel,--Sandbura t/ou. Tueaclay morning. - He had been brought ih to the hotel for medical attendance some few weeks ago, and bad lingered all the time in a state between life and death up to that time. The cause of ’death was the rupture of a blod3-veaseir'”Hia' re~ mains have been brought to Ballarat, for interment in "the familyvault' in' the old cemetery. The funeral "will take'plaee’ this afternoon; • • --—■ — The Gong Gong Reservoir 'contract having been completed, Messrs Young and M'Quigan'have'arranged' with Messrs Q’Farrell and Son, 1 and, the complete and., extensive “plant willbe sold- by auction; 'commencing’ to- day. The sale,. which will: last two days, as the proprietors have refused all offers to trade privately, will be held at the camp| Gorig Gong,-on the banks of the reservoir, four,miles-from Ballarat, and will commence this morning at .11.30 o’clock, starting with the horse stock,- and ' following pri as per cata logue, which can be obtained on-the ground. Among the effects are:—l6 heavy draught horses, 2 buggy horses,, 18 working bullocks, •'3 timber waggons, 22 ‘ tip drays) -40- dbbbinsj -10 trucks,-- 60 ; water and watering carts, buggy, waggohette,', 35 ‘sets • cart harness,’ 2 sets buggy harness, 70 tons iron rails, derrick and quarry cranes, quarrying plantj'4-black-' smiths’forges, -and .tools, complete; roller,; plough, large quantitybf hardwood; buildings (to be removed); including cottage 'of 6 rooms, stable,“and shed for3o" horses, office, workshops, &c.; 'and a quantity of house-, hold furniture. . The attendance is certain to be large, and luncheon will be provided for. those Who attend.;, ' • ; ; It may not be an uninteresting fact to.state that a .nephew of Mr J. Raff,’clothier, of Main street, is at .the seat of war in Europe, he-being the chief engineer of several English; companies who have railways,in, Turkey., . This gentleman lives hear Varna, and,".we;, believe, acts as a.correspondent to apaper in Bedford, ' his father’s native place. ..> .' . Mr.-George Hardy, a well-knowh broker at the Corner, has been : for some- time,' missing ~ from his accustomed place.there, and' we regret to hear that he is suffering from a very serious illness.;, His; present -condition is regarded as-critical.dropsy and bronchitis.- being among.the illa.from which he is suffering. — " Mr A- T. Turner has enlarged his new composition! “The Australian Bong of Freedom,” by,-adding,a ’recitative for a baritone, : - Rehearsals of the song and of .the cantata" “Adoration” are now being had with a ;view to the joint production of both works. • .-Writing, on the subject of the Land Tax Bill, the Argus- says:—“There is'one grand principle, how ever, which - wo submit the Legislative Council is bound to keep in view in all its proceedings—a ’ prin ciple which ■ must animate the conduct of every, second Chamber if it Is to .do ;good in its day and generation; ’All its actions should be- directed towards . the,, preservation of • its position 1 -as ,a : moderating .and steadying power in the State.;’To,, destroy-.its influence and consequent usefulness by making a determined - • stand • in direct, opposi-' tion. tq, .well ascertained public opinion; is' to assert a comparatively insignificant principle at-the,'expense! of one :.which is, fundamental and all-important. It’ may be the duty’ of the Council to protest in strong terms against what it conceives to be the -injustice of' the Lower House in theexerciae of its proper 1 ! unc-; tions, or the folly of the numerical majority, in the. country; but certainly it is under no' obligation - to destroy its influence or endanger its existence; by useless opposition to inevitable legislation.” ' , . ' Information was received at the electric telegraph office, from Adelaide, on Tuesday, that "an estafette, arrived at Eucla late on'Monday night with telegraphic, messages from Western Australia. The messenger, reports that the telegraph is now completed to within; 87 miles of Eucla. ,:The.estafette was-to return in-. 48 hours. - . • ,- •• The Preswick Advertiser Is somewhat wroth, and hot very police, in dealing with the matter of the Charity Sunday, and declares that 1 Creswick owes nothing-to Ballarat. We recommend the Secretaries of the bene volent .institutions, to take the'subject in hand, -and; publish a few facts and figures for the enlightenment' of our contemporary.. Unless we. : aremisinformed; there are .several-children from the Creswick district" in the Orphan Asylum at this very time. • -. —; On the 22nd instant, . Mr William Bertram Ohhil tree andr ( Mr Melbourne J. Maonamara, both Victorian solicitors,-;were admitted to practice as solicitors of the. Supreme Court of New South Wales.' The, Government invite tenders .this morning; for the construction of a footbridge'at the Ballarat'West station. : ./.. . . We have receivedjjhe list of;prizes to be awardedat the ; Geelong and Western District'Agricultural and. Horticultural Show, to be held’’in-Geelong'oh-tHe 25th and 26th of October. The'list appears to be a liberal one. ; . ■ .-On,Friday evening last, in- connection with'- the Brown Hill Literary Institute, an instructive and in teresting lecture was delivered by the Rev. Ralph Brown on “Heads and Paces.” . Mr Cross.was in,the chair! The lecture was'listened to'.attentively,, find during its delivery the lecturer was frequently, ap-. plauded. ’ ;At the conclusion several came forward 1 and had their heads manipulated' by the lecturer, to their, own satisfaction and greatly to the amusement; ofthe audience.- ’A unanimous vote qf-thanks to the'lec- 1 furor brought the meeting to a close.’ - " - A Chinese shareholder, Ah. Nun, in the Duchess of Timor Company, was {says the M and D. Advertiser nominated at the quarterly meeting, amidst great merriment, as-a-direotor. Ah Nun was not present, and it was not considered advisable to include him in the ballot. A young woman named Adeline Price-wasbrought to Ballarat on Wednesday on remand from Melbourne and lodged in the City-lock-up on a, charge -of stealing £2O from Bridget: Kelly, of Bqurke’a hot.elv Dqyeton street. It seems that the prisoner was-lodging at the hotel in question lately, and when she left the money disappeared also, and ; under the circumstances .a warrant i was issued for her arrest.- .. She “wifi"Tie brought before the City, Court this morning. ’ The Amateur'Opera Company held a very success ful rehearsal on Wednesday night,;-:.-.’ t A meeting of the newly-formed. Tattersall’s Club waaheld jon Wednesday night at Gundfy’s Unicorn hotel,'when it was reported that about fifty members had already been enrolled, and nine new ones were proposed, so that the club bids- fair’to carry out its objects successfully. The large club-room, has “been refurnished and nicely fitted up for the purpose,’and a piano will shortly be provided, for the, musical members. .’ Arrangements , have . been made',' for a supply of all kinds of sporting.literature, and it is intended to have telegrams of . air race meetings for warded.to the rooms as .soon- as possible, ;and thus carry out one of the principal features of the club. Ah official of great business ability, holding a high position in the Railway Department, has, it is said tendered to the Commissioner his resignation.'. ’ It has not yet been accepted, and efforts are being made to induce'him to reconsider his determination. ■ It appears'that we are never to hear the end of the nationality of-Sulieman Pasha. There is extant in Scaradale a resident, as a matter ofcourse a Cornish "man, who states that he has letters in his possession from the general himself, and that'he can incbn testibly prove that Suliemanis a real, live Cornishman, but iu order to get a sight at the epistles referred te Ably,'the modest sum of £5 was required; I was not .onfwrites our correspondent). . . . : .. ■ A Chinaman named Tack Shi eras admitted into ;the. Hospital on Wednesday,"suffering’from injuries to the abdomen, received several days ago ' through a truck, running over him . at the No. 2 shaft of the Reform Company,'Haddon. ; ; Mr R.,Malcolm having recovered from the results ot ; his late indiscriminate drinking,* was charged at the City Court on Wednesday with .attempting to commit suicide, but as it was shown that .he, had taken the poison while intoxicated, he was discharged. Alfred Nicholson, the wardsman- at the Hospital who;cut himself about and drank poison, recently, 1 was also chargedlma similar way, and Mayor Gray, bound .him over in one'recognisance of £2O to keep the-peace '.towards himself and others for'six months'. A very, handsome spirit keg made of glass.is now .tq.be seen at Mr J. J. Goffer’s establishment.; It is ,we believe, the first of the kind bfought;to Ballarat.. ■’ ■'There is-some talk among the carriers that the Commissioner of Railways intends to; discontinue the issue bf" cloak- room stamps, and. revert to the.; old system.' ‘We hope that there are no grounds dor the report, for the system has worked excellently, and everyone" who has tried it says that it is’ infinitely more convenient than-the old- one,- - One of those vile dens of.corruption and infamy which are to be found, unhappily, in''all large centres of population, was suppressed on Wednesday by Ser geant, MtPatland‘and Constable a. Thompson/; The officers went to the residence of one Mun Mow at the Chinese Camp;" andjfound there the owner, together with-another Chinese of bad character and r two abandoned women.' The quartette; were arrested as vagrants, and ■ will be dealt with at the Town Court this morning. "’■■’■ - :', Mr Wm... Scott, J.P., attended, at the Town Court on Wednesday. Dugald : M’Pherson, who' was con victed by Constable Owers bf using horrible and filthy oaths in a public place, was .sentenceddo.seven days’ imprisonment, r. Jas, . Curnick, charged, by Senior; constable : Boyan with : insulting behavior,’ was.--rei manded.-untilrMbhdayl-'; jV; : t 1: The borough council of: Smythesdale is in treaty with'-Mr-'O. ‘T.’Tait 5 for--the r ' purbhase"bl" hia dam, situate on private i^pertyiia^i^leQully > ''wit Kin the township, ae thesourca oTa/water-aupply for the ..borough. x Thewatef’ in the-dam/is qhitepure, and ;tha dam has/'neveryet been dry./ Public- opinion, it is alleged, uj:'in favor of the purchase. ' Mr Tait is -willing to leave the compensation he should receive in the hiands of two valuator, as heconsiders/that would beifsur to both sides.' \ } w -' : , / - ; .J' ‘tThe'dastlnumber .df the Oohnialjil'usical Cabinet, just issued,is\ a very good one,'and contains over a dozen new and- popular songs. The music is very clearly-printedy-and-is- really-very-cheap-at-the-price at which Itissoldr MrEwins, of-Sturt.street, has,for warded us the* number. \- —ln-the-Melbourne -Insolvent Court-on- Tueaday- a ■certificate of-discharge was-granted to .Robert Bence, iof'Bacohua'Marsh; butcher. —r - i The M. and'‘J).'Advertiser' says:—“ ‘ Playing at ghost/ mjy;be_ja very pleasaut amusement, but it .is a* one.’ Yet, according 't o -all accounts,' sbine' fellow is now in the habit of rhasque irading incertain portions of the' town dressed in a ,■ white sheet,'for-' the 1 purpose -of * frightening- people. “- Hot long since I ,the little daughter of, Mr Jones) of the 1 ' locomotive'departinent of the railway, was nearly frightened'-mut/of/her wits; by a scoundrel'iso en jveloped springing up before her;’ and we hdW hear that some .fellow, obviously the same, has been play ing- similar pranks, _qh. the Cemetery road. ’ Our in formant allegesthat the fellow was seen by four young lads, who, were so.scared that they turned and ran all, the way to Bluche'r’s Reef/ : The ganie- he isplaying' is a dangerous 6ne,jaB ; any. : night he, is liable to receive an ounce of lead through him from some adventurous hunter after ghosts.” '- ■-1 ;■ -V" ://■ ;'vV ! ’SheiSamiUotl Spectator■ says:— I “The'.mysterious* epidemic .which about, this time last-year, destroyed threa'membefa'ot 'the Rahkiri'family at B6chara,'ahd’ concerning - which' ' there was -so much discussion 1 amongst the ,doctors, still hangs about the premiaes; and'when on'Sunday laat another victim died from the same disorder,-some of -the ■ more simple amongst .the neighbors seriously expressedthe .belief that the house'was be witched.-. The person who hasi;just died there wm a ihah himed Archibald Fraser, aged 'sixty-' seven years. Ha had been attending a funeral on the Sunday previous, and was taken ill as soon as he got homelt' The attack was of aihost.virulent form, death/ taking place on. the- eighth day in-the first stage of |the foyer. _Dr Rbhrier, was/ called* in. to attend the patient; 1 and did what he could to arrest the 'progress of the malady; the : assistance’.idf.-ODri Scott was ob tained at a subsequent stage. -Or Rohner.still adheres; to hia.former opinion, that it was ' not: typhoid fever ■ which was' to blame for, all these deaths in the same • house, but a. fever of. a typhous character, I the -origin of which has haffled all attempts atidiscovery.” : i The Telegraph of/Wednesday; sayst-Zr 1 , 1 To; the. in formation 'w'e.gave, bixf / readers yesterday about the • expected presence v of-the Prince of Wales at the opening of our .’lnternational; Exhibition in 1879/ we ' haye tp add that which will be received with erithu-. siasm and delight in all the colonies. The latest tele-■ grams received on the subject are from Lord Carnar von ;to his’Bxcellency Sir George Bowen.; : They state that H.R.H. has qditedecided to visit Australia, and that he .is especially anxious ’to be present at the; opening of • the / Melbourne Exhibition. '• : The Prince, however, is reluctant to make the. trip without the 1 company of the Princess, who is as anxious to come as her Jjusband himself, but who is equally reluctant to'leave her* children'. for'sb'longb* period as the to uf” would occupy.: Though it is : by ho means certain, thereforo r it .is. just possible that all, Australia and New Zeal and'may be gratified bythe visit of the Prim cess and some of i her children at least, as well as by our.future king;”;- , r • The Spectator states that-Charles' Graham, alias John Lyons/was brought' before the Hamilton-bench. .on Monday) charged with being implicated in, the ■robbery at Messrs J, H. Scott and Son’s on the 28th May. -Theprisoner came ■up smiling, quietly;looked round theerowded court, apparently; tosee if, any. of his old chums, were -present, and, finally stood cool and unconcerned whilst the evidence against him was being taken; Only one of -the missing watches was found in his possession, and ,he certainly did not give one the idea of a man who. would be inclined to turn Queen’s evidence. If he does not, it would appear im-. probable that'the other missing watches and jewellify ; will be discovered, as so long a time has,elapsed since the robbery was/committed, arid it is veryjikely a great proportion 'has''found its way to'the melting pot, or gone out* of the colony.' He was committed to ;taka his trial on the 15th October.' . , .'-/ 1 ' ; '• i In consequence of certain reports, that- have been> circulated in reference ,to .the discipline 1 and general 'management of the Peritridge'Stockade, the menin a'body have forwarded ,the "following, statement-to Mr Call, the acting inspector-general;—” Sir,—We, ; the undersigned, chief,'senior, /.and ordinary, warders,, having : aeen with, great regret -small. articles InthV daily papers containing false statements, with regard to disaffection in the force, ’ hereby personally deny all such allegations, as we are. aware,/no' such feeling does exist except in one- solitary'' case, with which we have ; not /sympathy.”) -J The/ document’. bofe/.sixfy signatures. r ., . ’-«■ We (Argus) regret ,to ; say that the c , : Hon. J. G. Francis has had a severe attack of his former illness. On Tuesday..evening, however,Mr.Franois’ was 'much better.' - : ; - *■/;-' ■■ / ■ -f 