VICTORIA. I MELBOURNE, August 29. A movement has been eet a foot here for tho establishment of a College of Agriculture. A FCLL-UBESS parade of No. 4 Company, Q.V.R.B., takes place this evening, at tho drill-room, East-street, at 8 o'clock. Appli- cants for thc appointment ot drill instructor arc requested to attend, AT the Police Court yesterday, a protection order was granted by the Police Magistrate, under tbe Matrimonial Jurisdiction Act, to Mrs. Vernon Brown. Mr. Melbourne appeared for thc applicant. IN consequence of tho absence of a quorum at the annual meeting of thc Rockhampton Benevolent Society yesterday, the meeting was adjourned until Wednesday next, at 4 p.m., when a full attendance of members is particularly requested. Tho ladies present yesterday were-Mrs. Huutcr (President), Mrs. Ileadrick (Secretary), Mrs. Salmond (Treasuror), and Mrs. Thon, who waited for some time before adjourning the meeting. PiionAm.Y few of our readers have seen a a carpet snake seventeen feet and a-half long, and ten inches round thc body. We confess wo never did. Vet a monster of these dimen- sions is reported to have been caught yester- day at Fairy Bower by two lads, named ltolicrtsou and Phillips, who live in town, lt appears that they had gone out for a few days bunting and fishing ; and on Tuesday they saw a large carpet snako up in a tree, beyond their reach, watching thc birds ; and there it remained all day. Yesterday morning they rose carly and went off kangaroo hunting. On their return they I commenced to roll up their "swags" preparatory to a removal of the camp, when an immense carpet snake, supposed to bo the one they had seen ou the previous day, glided «ut from thc blankets, and made for thc nearest tree, but was quickly demolished by uno of thc boys with a tomahawk. Thc head ami pirt of thc tail was cut off, and thc youths only brought home thc skin, which was said tu measure ninteen feet. This, bow rvcr, turned out to bc a "stretcher that is, Hie skin had been stretched, and appeared to measure twelve or thirteen feet. Wo should say the suako was about teen feet long, and of proportionate girth-and a fine fellow be was at that, though many much larger ones have been found. WE bavo received from Messrs. Nicholson aud Ascherbcrg, of George-alreet, Sydney, a catalogue of their stock of pianos. The catalogue contains numerous illustration of the various pianos sold hy them, and is moat creditably got up. A HETUUN has becu supplied to tho Legisla- tive Assembly showing the coat of thc saddlery and harness made in the Brisbane (.aol, including thc price of material, cost of superintendence, &o.; From tho return it appears thc total value of material supplied to thc saddler's shop since its opening in 1S71, tn 31st December, 1S7U, was £5913 Zs. Od.; tho tools on hand on 31st December, 1S7C, amounted to £240 Os. 3d.; and the value of work done to £9374 18s. ld., leaving a profit to Government on the work of £4857 13s. 5d. The work done comprised every description of saddlery, most of which was supplied to thc police force, whose opinion of it is shown by a letter from Inspector J. A. Ijcwis, appended to the report. Thc letter says that the saddles arc of a very inferior kind both in material and make, and thc result ut using them ia to give thc horses sore backs. The saddles cannot lie used after being issued, even for thc first time, until they are re- staffed, or the horses' backs would be seriously injured. Mr. Lewis recommends that no moro saddles bc got at the gaol for police purposes, as they ure useless, being, as they are described, as neither useful nor ornamental. NOTWITHSTANDING the prolonged drought and thc small rainfall of last summer- thc growing season-tho Botanic Gardens on Athelstane Bange arc looking on thc whole very well. The dry weather is making its mark there, however, on some valuable plants, tho Artocarpus int cyr) folia or jack fruit and the Artocarpus incisifolia or bread fruit trees, both are feeling its effects, but not irre- coverably. Tlio ordinary large and fresh foliage is missing, but nothing, moro, and thc first downpour of rain will suffice to send them on again as strong and vigorous as ever. Several young plants of that highly esteemed tropical fruit, thc mango, arc promising well for a heavy crop of fruit for tho first time, thc trees being no more than two or three years planted, but thc promise may not bo fulfilled without a speedy change in the weather. Many palms of noble mien and of great utility are doing remarkably well, conspicuous amongst which is the cocus nucífera or cocoanut palm. So far these have not sustained any check from thc drought, and from their vigorous appearance one would judge them capable of enduring one of a much moro protracted character. Some interest- ing and promising experiments are making by the curator to test tho native grosses, the results of which will bc public property when ascertained. What has boen tried as yet with tile prickly enmfrey does not say much for it, for excessive attention and watering has to bo resorted to or it languishes. Whether it will stand our climate is exceed- ingly problematical. Roses flourish to per- fection iu the gardens-La France, Marechal Neil, Glorie do Dijon, and General Jacquiminot being especially conspicuous. Bedding plants of all kinds arc nowhere this season, owing principally to thc great attention required to preserve more valuable plants. Wc could not help noticing tho verdure of the sugar-cane in the midst of tho dried up herbage around. It was very significant, and added to the state- ment made by Mr. Edgar that it supplied his working horses with valuable fodder, when other food was dear and scarce, Bhould speak volumes iu its favour for owners of stock around. Lovers of nature would even now be well repaid their trouble by a visit to this growingly attractive sput, and those who wish to learn a wrinkle or two in tropical cultiva- tion may do so at any time by consulting Mr. Edgar and observing hiB doings and thc care he bestows upon his nurselings. VALUE OK TiiElCucALYnus.-Welearn from thc Meierological Magazine that, at the Easter reunion nt the Sorbonne, some informa- tion was given by Pr. dc Pietra Santra, a delegate from tho Climatological Society of Algiers, as to thc results of an investigation made in Algeria to ascertain tho importance and value of the eucalyptus tjlobulus in relation to public health. It appears that reports were received from fifty localities where tho aggregate number of blue gum trees is nearly one million, and from these reports thc follow- ing conclusions have been drawn ; fl) lt is iu contcstibly proved that the eucalyptus possesses sauitary influence ; for (2) where evcr it bas been cultivated intermittent fever has considerably decreased in intensity and in frequency ; and (3) marshy and uncultivated lauds bavo thus been rendered hoalthy and quite transformed. Similar results have been obtaiued in Corsica, where it is computed that at the end of the present year there will be upwards of 600,000 plants of eucalyptus in full growth. PiiorosEi) NEW MININO REOÜLATIONS. Tho following (says the Courier) are the proposed new regulations which Mr. fiidgcll is endea- vouring to get incorporated with the cxjstiug regulations in connection with the Gold-fields Act :-1. Thc holder of any business or resilience area upon which there arc buildings or other improvements of thc value of not less than £50 may absent himself from residing thereon for any period, without rendering such holding liable to forfeiture, on his making a declaration before a warden to the effect that the improvements are of the value of uot less than £50 sn long as thc holder of the property aforesaid shall bc the possesBcr of a rainer's right, and shall have duly registered such property in the Warden's Office aud paid thc fee of 2s. Oil. ; provided also that such registration shall be renewed annually. 2\. All business and residence areas may be trausforred hythe endorsement nf thc registra- tion ticket issued by tho wardcu to the holder of thc area-such transfer to bo registered in tho Warden's Office on the payment of a fco of 2s. Gd. A NOVEL WAOEU.-The Southern Argus (H. A.) of Augusto, relates thc follnwiug : *' One evening this week a merry party in Strathalbyn were scated round a fireside iu dulging every passion for horrors by telling tho most extraordinary 'ghost stories' that could bc brought to recollection. Gradually tho subject of 1 cemetery bravery ' was brought on, when one of thc party, a young gentleman, declared biH willingness to go to any part of the Strathalbyn cemetery at mid- night ; and this statement led to a wager being made that he would not that night go and deposit a bunch of keys upon a specified grave. This he accepted, and started shortly before midnight, returning in the course of the next half-hour, having traversed the whole of the distance, two miles and a half, over a I sandy and rough road, walked fifty yards into j thc cemetery and deposited the bunch of keys I upon tho grave. The gentleman who laid the i wager thinking that the distaucc could not be done in thc time, the courageous one W3S sent tn bis room with a companion who was to ncc that he did not leave it during the night ; and early next mosning they then drove up to the cemetery, when the keyB were found upon the identical grave agreed upon. The time occupied was so short as to deserve notice any one knowing tho road will at once recog- nise that fact, the distance from tho house from where he started to the cemetery gato being rather more than a milo and a ijunrter, so that ho must have stepped it out pretty considerably, whether impelled by fear or courage wc cannot say." Mn. BRIGHT'S DENIAL.-Sir Charlo« Gavan Duffy writes to thc papers :-"Sir,-Will you do me the favour to announce that, with respect to the telegram purporting to contain a substance of Mr. Bright's letter, that I refrain from offering any comment on it till I have seen the letter itself. I do not know either what caso has been submitted to him, or the precise terms of bis reply, and as I have known that eminent man for more than a generation, I am very loth to make a mistake. Bc assured, I shall not fail to show a cause for the original statement as soon as the letter reaches Melbourne." LOSSES OE STOCK AT SINGLETON.-The mortality amongst cattle in this district still continues nt the same alarming rate. Tho settlers about First Creek, Westbrook, Kaki » ali Creek, Keody Creek, Myall Creek, Mirrnnuie Creek, Clcndonbrook, and neigh bouring localities, have been, aud continue to be, severe sufferers. Many of these poor struggling farmers have lost fully fifty per cent nf their stock during the last two years. Since thc rcceut raina the cattle iu the locality named are dying faster tbau ever, caused by thc BCouring produced by thc young herbago. If the winter had been cold and wet, it is probable that many settlers would have been left without a beast at all ; and although thc present prospects are bad enough, this ought to bo a consolation.-Correspondent, .Vfrcttry. Tun COCKROACH UTILISED.-In Russia the common cockroach (Watta orientait*) is a favorite popular remedy for dropsy. Dr. P. Uogomolow, of St. Petersburg, lias lately examined its effects iu nine cases of Bright's disease, and other affections accompanied with severe dropsy, and in all thc result waB thc same. There was au increase in the secretion of the urine and perspiration, with rapid disappearance of oedema, and also almost complete disappearance from the urine of albumen and reual derivatives. Thc dose was live to ten grains of the powdered cockroaches in thc twenty-four hours, but they were also administered os a tincture and as an infusion, These insects do not, like cautharides, says the Hoston Journal of Chemistry, produce any irritant action on thc kidneys. Dr. Bogoinolow Uas succeeded in extracting from them a crystalline body which he calta antihydropin, and which ia their active principle. QUEENSLAND RAILWAY CAREIAOES.-WO {Queensland Timss) had the pleasure yesterday of inspecting two first-class carriages which have recently been turned out of thc railway workshops at North Ipswich. They are each 32 feet long by 7 feet wide, and divided into two saloou compartments. The frames are nf well-seasoned Walloon hardwood, aud the bodies of beautifully-marked cedar, and each is remarkably well finished-so far as appearance is concerned being a great improve- ment upon the imported carriages. All the work in connection with them, with thc exception of the wheels, axles, and springs, haB buen done in the railway workshops. Each carriage rests on two four-wheeled bogies, coustructed upon an improved principle, aud which work admirably, taking the curves on the lines very easily. They «ill carry thirty-two passengers each, and when in motion are remarkably steady, the oscillation being much reduced. Those who have travelled in them speak very highly of their luxurious ea«o and comfortableness. Tho iucreased width bas boen found a great improvement, and we arc informed that it is the intention of thc department to have all their new carriages of a similar width in future The cedar fittings and the up- holstery work aro of a very superior de- scription THE VICTORIAN BIJDOET.-The novelty of the Budget (says the Argus) is a proposal to tax all live stock coming into thc colon}'. Cows, oxen, heifers, calves, &c;, are to pay Ss. each ; horses, mares, colts, and fillies, ¡is. each ; sheep and lambs Oil. each, and pigs 2s. In submitting thc proposal Mr. Berry said he believed that these taxes would have been levied long before but for Riverina inlluonce iu thc Chamber, and he reminded hon. members that large quantities of stock were now raised in Victoria by small selectors, who would benefit by the tax so far as it was a protective one. But at the same timo Mr. Berry contends that the tar will not raise thc piece of beef aud mutton to the consumer. As to thc land tax, the Treasurer said he deemed it his duty to submit tho exact proposal which he had put before the country, and which was approved of by large majorities, and the only objection he anticipated was from his own Bupportcrs, who might be disposed to argue in favour of a Bub stantially progressive and " almost penal" measure. Mr. Berry contended that there was "a progressive tendency" in his pro- posal consequent npnn the exemption which he makcH in favour of properties valuod at less than £2500. He expects to realise from this impost a sum of £200,000 per annum, 