^x&m; UEDtENANT BOYLE'S DUEL. Hsny years ago I was spending the mmniBr at a fine old mansion in New Jeraey fun of hifltorical sonTenira, for it had once been the head-qnarters of General Wasbing Afeont the time of which I «m writing the estate was in litigation, and some circnm locator; delaj of the law rendered it a. neoestarr or convenient^ rentthe «aaneioB fora while as a summer boarding lmse, with all the beautiful old carred furniture and other belongfage. -BTenthe^alnawe paintings were left on the wall* of the gawinf room, and -» piotore gallery remained intact, ^^ doing iinwontod;pemfe aa dtotogand ^ dancing fcdlior intxaiing «otia and Vandals. .. .. A belt «f grand old teees- described » 8Bmi-ijircleo«rthe lawnSnitin faontof -tts Ioum. Beneath eacfc^^ ^as^-roarble statae the «« of life. ' they : repreBented . &» -SEBMneii-Ui theOoddeisof DnmorWilT, SnpitB^HnvinB, the deify ^«ta..«*W: DdC and other heathen worthies. Their ictdpton were ieeitalnly neither OanoTa, w HiTBmPowier*, iipryet ttat aadaourai ^it ^xoeeaindT pretty ?iiinie Beato, who hflfl ^deSlBaelf ^mortal :by cattiiig;onr _i graaff^riyreU:,PceBident. ^Wl, .effj^ M tin pnjper *toncn«nted-'.di8tance, fattJwHiea . ? in*^^t^oonlight,^a^aV«V^-«5.w ^H ttte^Qxeek filaveT1 or -he whet piayea W ^m ' Bi»i^*^^oj^^;^t|cM!^^;in'flieBe ^?c^:«..^r--:f-^.---y-i''-F.\\-; .?'?.?;??.?'[?'- ?'?'.'?;?../.? ';s?c in a body to ' the store,' and, with a busi nesslike vigor worthy of * better cause, demanded bows and arrows, Then enrolling themselves into an independent -target company, they diligently pr«cSced shooting at the stataes, until the noses of the Blrfses, were triumphantly shot away. ' Naturally enongh, after this performance the heathen deities were removed in a blast of indignation by their Taging proprietor ; the smalLchristians— -or ' little demons,' as he called them— jojfolly assisting, cavorting wildly around each « stone boy and girl,' as their foundations were dog up, clapping their dirty little hands. Blowing their discordant little trumpets, beating their horrible little drums, galloping in front of the horses as they went with their burdens oat of thejgreat throat and otherwise disporting themselves . in honor of the ghostly recession, after the utterly inexhaustible and intolerable manner of small boys. ,- ThelateOem. Kearney, the bluff and brave, lived in a picturesque cottage adjoining the grounds of the ' Brighton House,' as it was and is now called. Hifl presence attracted to the place other efficsrs o£ tbe army and navy. Among them, were Capt. (now Admiral) Porter, Capt. (now Vice-Admiral) Eowan, the . late brave and honored Capt. Hartetein, and a num ber of army officers with their families . Tou may believe that the presence of so many brave and gallant men made carnival the whole of the time for those hsro worshippen, the fair women and lovely girls who were gypsying there for the summer. Such devoted knights as they were 1 Biding, boating, fishing, swimming, dancing; military drills with canes and broomsticks for the children, inpromptu operasand plays for the other children. We were all children in those halcyon days — as witness our playing at man's buff. But this was when the ' little-pitchers* were abed and asleep, for, with their murdering candor and innocence, they would have betrayed us ta the entire community, whose ancestral traditions and personal dignity had developed in it already a horror of such high jinks as had come nn^erits notice. But-^lessthesebigh-tonedsusceptibilitieB, we would have been a bright and chining light unto them, for we had uo quarrels, not even the green ghost of a jealousy. A divine mantle of charity rested upon us the live long summer; it was just one .brilliant, delicious midsummer dream. To half-a-dozen of us older women was vouchsafed the keenest enjoyment of all. This was to be permitted to sit under the wide-spreading trees with the officers, in the purple and golden glory of the sunsets, and listen to their racy, characteristic etoiiea. We all tJd a white-brown fib the very first thing, vowing that we delighted in tobacco smoke, in order to put them completely at ease. It was very easy to do iti .for they nBwr stnnned Kmnkin* after that. One light they had been telling side splitting stories about Magrnder, who lisped, and 'Beauty,' who was' also a Commodore, when Capt Bowan said: ' 'By- the-way, Porter, what became of old Boyle? I have completely lost sight of him.' 'Well, the last time I saw him,' answered the Captain, smooSung down the great alky brown moustache, 'I was his second in a duel' As he spdke, Mb dark bright eyes flashed-with some droll recollection, and his well-shaped lips parted ia -a broad smile. Oertain that the jstrainof amusement Jn H3Sb~ mtan- wi-?*t-tser'^iBrtl -^B» ~UiVt-^6&J;^1taca betokened a dnel-jyithout a tragedy, we women clamored for the Btory. . , * 'I had gone,', jsaid Captain Porter, at once, 'with half-a dozen other fellows, all naval offcera, to spend a week at Shrewsbury— a little half pony town in Jersey, here; and one evening as we were sitting in the bar-room of the tavern, smoldng, telling anecdotes, and talking between . whiles with the natives, who1, should come sauntering in bat old Boyle. 'Any roont for met' lie asked. 'Why, yesj come in,' we all; cried ; and we were soon telling him fche^ewe— Boyle in tarn relating his adventures, perhaps roman cing a lUtle, and atiast lending with ? ' 'Well anybody here worth knowing?' , 'Tes,' I answered 'there is : one ; Jersey giant, six feet two in his atockings, and the greatest uuuy «u xevuiu. 'Aht what's his name?' 'That's -the. best of it. . His: name is George WashingtonKosciuBko Peter Bona parte Solomon Job Slimcum.' 4(PhcebuEl what a name I' «xclaimed Boyle, bursting out laughing. 'What is the gentleman's profession*' ' 'He spends his, time cultivating a bean patch, threatening the poor villagers and browbeating the women and children.' ?'Does— does he? Well, he'a the very boy for me. , I wish he would come in. I'd like to have a little talk with him.'. 'Why, ray dear fellow,''said I 'he'd make three of you. ,.Fact is, we all keep to the windward side of him — nouie getting shot for such a landlubber.' At this' a lanky party with a portentous' nose, who had been listening to every word, remarked, through bis neee ; 'Wa'al, I s'pose you naval men think yourself thunderin' brave, but I kin tell you our Cornel could fight all on y on to onst, with his right han' tied behind him. You naval men needn't think you're gain' to 'cepolize all the brass and bluster.' 'Boyle's ears pricked op at this, for, asyou know, . Eowan, be is a regular old sea lion, afraid of nothing, from a powder monkey to a seanBerpenfatBea, and a mouse to an elephant on shore. So be bounced round on our naealt friend, and snapped .out at him, like a pUguacious bull- terrier^' ,. : J _. *? Whafs ttatT Want to try our brass and bluster I Tfhere'B yonr.big gurf? Trotiim out I'd like lo,*ee him.' , , , 'Wa'al, there h« ia,' rfud the man, with a sort of snort of triumph.; and, sure enongh, in swaggered the round-shouldered, putty faced giaat. He had tufts of dry grass lor beard, a large, flabby, pnaillanimona cese, small, oblique eyas, and two bay colored dabs of hair, one on each temple, known to' scientific explorers of the Hew York Bowory . as ' soap locks.' He was «ating pea Buts or pop 'cam jbb he entered ; and, jeradng.a chair rounoj he threw himself into it with a contemptoouB nod' to the company, and ordered a glass of toddy hot^irt a voice, of. thunder. , ' ... / Little Boyle aat quiet, watchful, obserring, a curious smile curving -his gdbd-Tinijjored moutii .;', while the ptier, half shutting his Byes, with an air of Jofxy disdf.in, slowly, aliped the hot teddy, V . .. ',?. . . '! Ofi^ j»haw 1' sneered par nasal Mend, in a whisper to Boyle, ' you dareirjt tackle him. He'd mike you look wombleaeroft in a &&.' ''?. ....?..,.''... :' \ ..£! '.:'.;.'''.??. '':. . ButBojle, setmirig not to bear this imper tinence, Jtur_ed lib us eaying, 'mth , « lafy; pir, V I'm ioing to eeeTf thoe is any^jgrit in^ Jiini' j' and, approaching ^CHe chair' upen which Col-George Washington Kosciusko, eta, reclined, he perched himself on tie edge of.* table near^and said, pleasantly, 'Good wj^Viper^ lookout of JusjOant «yes. -. ? ' ? *' X wi A^jieBtlemaB, jajM-v*oiy -_ name '; 183 JiuduflBrntus Boyle.'' « ;..,;:?,*?; -:.['-- ^--- ? - v ' Ancljnr Sfimeia George ? ,- Washrajrten EoaoiuBk'o V&& BonaparU ^ Solomon Job SBmcam,aiaj«u'dbpttOT|nlndwhatjroo're ' I will, thank you. -I understand-that yon are pretty considerable of a fellow.' . ' Sir, yotnair a^rutfacr free an' easy sort of cu88 ; xuther too forrard.' ' , ^ ' Yes, oh, yes, .1 might be as stiff as the North Pole, or as distant as two-mile atones ; but then, you know, the other ia my way.' 11 Wa'al, sir, I don't like your way.' MNo7 how queer I Well, I won't be dis obliging, and I give you permission to lump ittheh.J- ' Sir, you sir— you air sassy. You'd better curb them propensitudes of youro.' 'Just so. You have a propensitude, I understand, to consider yourself a great man 1' ? .. . ' Sir, you 'air impendent — ' 'Take care, sir 1' shouted Boyle. 'I won't stand any insult.' ' Sho 1 Whatil you do?' ' Do ? Til fightyon ; I'll blow you to the other end. of nowhere.' ' Ho 1 ho I Kin you fight ?' sneered the giant, now on his feet, rocking back and forth, bis gaunt bony hands opening and shutting as if they were in contact with an electric battery. ' Ha I ho I you d better, be careful, you had. I kin cut a cent in half, I kin.' ' Ha 1 ho I' laughed Boyle, imitating the bully. ' I'm sufferin terrible to see you do it. I'd rather have a shot than a sugar- plum froro each a fire-eater as. you.' ' Wa'al sir, I've got a material tack for firearms ; I kin fight with anythia' from a cambric needle to a 42-pounder ;' and he thumped the table, upsetting tbe glasses! and glared down on Boyle, snre that he had 'fustrated him, I bet, and no mistake nuttier,' as our nasal friend observed under his breath. *'; But he lost Ms bet, for, bold as liars or Baron MtanchnuseB, .Boyle immediately ex claimed ' Jingo ! you? don't say ! I thought you had about as' much real courage as one could patina homaepathic pill. Come out now, my fine cock-of-tbe-walk, and give na a touch of your quality 1' , *« Wa'al 7 Lawful sakes ?' ejaculated the Colonel ; ' you can't figbt at night 1 What a hyastical idea.' ; ' Oh, Yes, yon can.NonBease 1 ril manage it. We'll take two lanterns, and stand back to back, then each walkaway twenty paces, wheel round, and fire.' . ' Darned if I do 1 Ain't a-goin' to be ding donged into stan'in up like a consumed fool in a dark night. You jess wait till to- morrer.' ' Or the fifty-third week of this year. No sir,' thundered Bsyle, stamping his foot which, like Mother Carey's c bicken s, was the sure pre cursor of a storm, ' no, sir ! You shall fight now. I should never have taken, the slightest notice of you if I had not been told of your cowardly bullying of women and little children. Don't stand mooning there ! In one minute 'more I shall box your large ears, and then flap you over .the head with this horsewhip ;' and he seized one standing in the corner. The world did not appear to go upon double jointeu casters just then with George Washington .Kesciuskp, and the rest. His little angry eyes went blinking eronad the room, he teetered up and down on his heels: and toes, he moistened his dry lips with bis . tongue. - . and Ma hands worked more . nervously thaa ever, as he detected*, look of scornful, half, anrprlsed derision on the faces of some of the Jereeymen. ~ But a glanse at his challenger's determined visage sho wed him that there was no deliverance to We hoped f or, andhleshuf&ed; outpf the room, fpTowed by Boyle and-the rest ^a'uH,-wioi -lia jiairigaaa^.'S)^ ajgM3aiF*Siinr We obtained two old /muskets; uniT ,weli krro wing thatoarmanWouldtakeBure aim and fire, whatever the other did, we loaded them only with powder, communicating this little ruse to no one, forBoyle wonld have fought us all-in torn if- he had discoyerad it. ... jOttt -we' went into- the -dark and lonely road. In solemn-«lencp we placed the com batants back to back, George Washington, etc-., Sheaving ponderous, frightened signs enough to have driven a sloop from its moorings. We gave them each a lighted lantern and with emphatic one,, two, three I they started on their twenty 'paces : We all- counted, and at the -twentieth 'loudly called, 'stop!' Boyle wheeled round, as we could just discern by the dim light of his lantern, but George Washington Kosciusko Peter Bonaparte Solomon Job Slimcum kept on walking. ' Halloo !' cried Boyle, ' haven't you got twenty paces yet ?' No answer ~; but the walking, as we could see by the swinging of the lantern, had turned into prodigious strides. The rext moment the light was extinguished. ' Halloo I' ehonted Boyle again. ' Stop, you villain — stop I Yah J whirro 1 You sconndreU you miserable landlub— ' Bang went bis gun, and we all made a simultaneous rush down the road; but, 'like a snowfiake in the river,' George Washington, etc., had ' evanished' ; and from, that day to this he was never more seen in Shews bury. . ' The story was told amid shouts and screams of laughter from the officers and us women, and if that fire-eater, little Beyle, ever sees ?*he acconnt of bis duel here, I know that he and Admiral Porter will forgive me for telling it again. ' -' 