NEW SOUTH WALES. ARCHDIOCESE OF SYDNEY. PRESENTATION OP CEOZIEK TO HIS GRACE THE COADJUTOR ARCHBISHOP. (Freeman's Journal, 24th February.) On Thursday evening last, at St. Mary's pro-Cathedral, his Grace the Coadjutor Archbishop was presented with the the magnificent crozier which has been on exhibition for some time past at Mr. Hollingdale's, of King-street. The edifice was filled in every part, and indeed many were excluded who happened to come a little late. The address, which was beautifully illuminated, was read by Mr. F. J. M'Carthy, M.A. His Grace, after returning thanks for the gift, said:— You have placed in my hands the symbol of Episcopal dignity and authority, of solicitads and correction. This authority and power are summed up in the following characteristic line of medieval Latinity:— " Attrahe per curvum, medio rege, punge per imam." Draw towards you witb the crook, support with the middle, strike witb the point. Evidently these words are meant to express authority and jurisdiction—an anthority and jurisdiction exercised throughout the Christian world for eighteen hundred years, and exercised still, and in these distant countries, and that over willing hearts, as your presenoe here this evening is more than enough to prove. Now, if you will allow me, I will enlarge a iittle upon the work of Catholic Bishops, and touch upon the claims which they make over those who come under tbeir jurisdiction and authority. Christ was the first Bishop and Pastor of men's souls. Then came the Twelve, the ApoBtles, who were emphatically commanded to preach to the world, whilst the world was as emphatically commanded to listeo, to obey, and to believe. And this oommand was not tyrannical. There is no more tyranny in insisting oil the truth than there is slavery in being forced to admit the truth—for it is the troth that sets a man free. The Apostles who formed the Ecclesia Docens, or the teaching Church, were divinely protected from error. This fundamental principle once established, and the Apostolate being multiplied through the " imposition of hands," the same authority continued which was from the beginning. The bishops of to-day, who form the Eecletia Dooens now, could no more, in their corporate oapacity, teach error than the Spirit of Truth could depart from them, or the promises of God fail, or than a new fnndamental principle could be introduced into the Church without man's knowing it. From the first the main duty of Apostles and BishopshaB been to "keep the deposit,'* and to preaoh it in season and out of eeason; and with authority to uphold the Faith, by condemning error, proclaiming truth, anathematising vice, and fostering virtue. The Pope, with his thousand bishops sitting in council, is bat the day of Pentecost after the expansion of 1800 years, perpetuated to this hour for the sake ol those who desire to possess that certainty and stability of truth, without which religion is little better than a bitter, than an empty mockery. " Take heed to yourselves and to the whole flock," says St. Paul, "wherein the Holy Ghost has appointed you bishops to rnle the Church of God which He hath redeemed by His own blood." Again,-" Obey your prelates, and be subject to themjfor they watoh ashavitife to give an account to God for your .sonls, Here, yon may obscure, the same principle is K insisted on, the same authority ia upheM and on the self-same grounds. Thus frog! lrom the first, the Bishops of the Ohn'rohb every age have been preaching, teaching, defending, and expounding the Deposits Faith; and have illustrated and develops it with their intellects, whilst they have teen rejoiced to witness it with their blood, jv various ages of the world they have been called npon.to play a different part; bit their main calling and prinoipal duty has never varied from the days of the Apogtlei until noto, to keep the Deposit, to preaoh the whole Gospel, to proteot the flockagainst the wolves, to chase away the hireling-, these have been the occupations of their liveB, and the main object of their energies, You may not, perhaps, have remarked thai the history of the Christian world is divided by events themselves into periods of ioU centuries. Daring the first four centuries to the time of Constantino, bishops preached with their blood, and sowed the seed of truth with their liveB. From that blood and that life-spilling sprung up the giants of the Hierarchical Order—I mean snoh men as St, Athanasius, St. Basil, St. Gregory, g(' Ambrose, and many more, who flourished thickly in the fourth century, and whose illuminated writings have been the guidanoe and the solace of thousands who ruled after them. From Constantino to Charlemagne we have another 400 years. Bishops now no longer preached with their blood; the World had ceased to crucify and molest them; they had conquered it by their courage, their truth, and their superior enlightenment. They were held in honou by the civil power; they became as salt and light in the courts of semi- barbarous or semi-pagan kings, and were looked up to as living principles of liberty, charity, parity, and peace in the midst of much cruelty, tyranny, and licentiousness. From the eighth century to the twelfth their influence and position in the secnlar order, and in the conduct of civil affairs, steadily- increased, and attained its maximum during the following four hundred years. Bishops became legislators, councillors of State, civil rulers, feudal lords, thanes of the Sovereign, administrators of the King's Equity, keepers of hie conscience, courtly ambassadors, and at times, even armed warriors. The world recognised their superior skill and cultare, their more winning address, and above all, that illumination which springs from contact with spiritual things, and with the principles and ruling maxims of supernatural religion. They were the only exponents ot moral power and spiritual influence in a world of violence, rapacity, and lawlessness, They were, as a body, ever on the side of liberty, and the natural champions of freedom. They knew the art of withstanding kings and cowing despots; they stood between the tyrant and the oppressed; and did not shrink from risking their lives for the sake of those who were too helpless to defend themselves. Their cathedrals in the earlier times were the only centres of intellectual light-; and they can claim the universities and colleges of a later period— of the middle age—if not all of them as being founded by themselves, at least as having acquired much prestige through their enlightened and liberal patronage. Their personal influence in spreading, pare religion, and, generally, the tenor of their lives, their power in preaching the gospel troths, and the way they brought the softening and refining influences of the heart to bear upon the fierce barbarians with whom tbey had to do, cannot be easily exaggerated; whilst their solemn synods and assemblies, in which they legislated in their collective wisdom, have not only in every age thrown a broad light over the nations of Christian Europe, but can be looked upon as the models on which our deliberative senates are founded, and as the highest types of order and freedom in discussion, ingeniously combined. In the sixteenth century a new and pregnant principle of radical subversion entered into the heart of civil life—a principle which is siill working in logical, in relentless, progression towards .its ultimate analysis. The lay world -bad learnt to read and write. Bishops had gradually to retire out of the Civil order, and to leave the lay world to do its lay work, till, in these our days, bishops, it seems to me, stand in somewhat the same relation to civil society, to the great secular world of men, as St. Athanasius, St. Basil, St. Chrysoatom, and St. Augaeti e did to that turbulent generation in which their lot was cast. So much the better for the bishope if not better for the world. These grpat prelates of the fourth century and the fifth had to deal with an age, if we may believe the satirists and poets, the savants and philosophers of those days, very like our own. They and pride and imparity, and the. tyranny of the strong, and the violence of the law less to meet as best .they could. There were rationalists, and indifferentists, and deniers of the supernatural, and blasphemers, ] not a few then as now. Indeed, it is not too bold a thing to say that there is not a htr<ssy or false philosophy of recent date flaunted before the world in modern draperies which was not pierced to the heart or turn to pieoeB by one or more of the great Greek or Latin Fathers some 1400 years ago. All the great ifts possessed by those mighty men are no ess wanted by as now. The theological ccuracy of St. Gregory Nazianzeu, the intrepidity of St. Basii, the fearless eloquence f St. CUrysostom, the dialectical skill and philosophical insight of St. Augustine—these qualities bishops would.do well to aoqaiie or at least to cultivate to-day. i/ "they would meet frith any meaBurg. of eoooess. whilst confronting that. subtlety of thought, that boldness of speculation, and. that philoophical scepticism which are typical of thoM inds which give an irreligious tone to BOfrifity i» modem wotld. , Now, the fcWW. at. B°We«M,B, inim^easurablp advantage oyer all. otHer tjjJWg \ot philosophic -oi xeUgwmg thought, fla ib ju^'^! pf,: mm,'or. rf the. mere indiyidqaL isolated mtelleijt, however, mttfld, vm. jfifov WIWI. TO Isnot Uke Bo many of our modprflS—who gtmto'hirf hepri PftBti^ht np H» i'Mpbrt of, beliey'ff 'intensely _ m tfeeir bW'o logic. and In the isime proportion ^fcilievd ortiodbto'teooia 4Wythiri$_. and dfcftwty else." He feels inclined' rather to M P Mb oym ' pcirBoiiar ingfannity tod dlevb^ieBB, and "his own subjective tastes, M ddeb iot'bare fdr being thought plausible ft ^m'ftA for leaf of be'etfninrig reilly Shallow, ge'rathfcrtisefc hifl IdtfeWiiit ttaah instrument, tfotifl 'ft' ceiitre, of 1 deH-geAetfatitig "fnktb. He leaves self that he may Btttty '6ri6 *eMly mast&J-;'ininfl, whioh hag been expanding, maturing, and cultivating 1 itapowei-S tor 1600 years ; und he feels some sort of security if he can grasp its significance ancj re-produce its teaching. He knows that the deposit of revelation, with all its germinal principles and initial teachings,' which Were ohce for •U entrusted to the Apostles, has not regained in a sleep of death. Innumerable dootors of the Ohnrch, from St. John wit Damascus "to St. Thomas of Aqnino, and a sooile 1 of generai 'bdBi<6i}Bl WTO 1 sovereign Pontiffs and theologians"oi the scboote—- fromthe first till now—from the bstfis of a Divihe revelation ttbw<flo8tid ( hSve gradually been 'unfolding itaffjeStia -0St with in all it's simplicity .and harinony, its depth and symmetry, : its f<$rt*and efficacy, «oas to become believed in almbst hy.^ fijmpleact of mastering it.- What individual intellect of a-'solitary; short- lived matt! oan cope or oomjpare- with 'the toind the Catholio Church in fteajrifeMtf, iay^jsyip in jhilogophfoal soienoe,,*ioh as it; is in ,the.experience of ages, matured by the councils of the wisest of each generation as it has passed away, and possessing' ftffaid of wisdom and Of knowledge gathered and oarefnlly stored during the cOurse of 1800varied years ? Her utterances are bot those of tone isolated individual, who begins with his tabula fata, and starts his religion and philosophy from a blank, or at best from a brutal "doubt; but they are those oi thousands of tbe.best men and the wisest, speaking in oonoert in every age, piling wisdom upoh wisdom, and never out of harmony With each' - other; and her dicta are the outcome, the ripe fruit, of a chequered and eventfol oareer of intellectual battle and activity, in which she has shown herself possessed of all that maturity wbioh is the attribute of age with all that elau and dash which expresses the vigour of a joyous youth. It is not his' own but her mind that the bishop would reproduce. He may throw truth, and tries to throw it, into his own form, but the truth is not his isolated possession, is not new, for all that; it is the inheritance of the' human race, and he is simply endeavouring to impart it to them. He deems it ho disgrace; it is his boast that it should be said—Miratur que novas fronde sed rum sua poma ; and when to this is added the firm oonviction and unshakable belief on the part of the bishop, that so long as he is in communion with the Supreme Chair, his teachings on faith and morals are unerring in their iharadter and in harmony with the mind of• Christ Himself ; when he feels assured that he has betn chosen to " keep the deposit," and to preach and defend it, then, indeed, he can speak to the world with an unfaltering voice, as one possessing power, and as having a ^message worthy of being delivered;'' and he : can call on others to listen and to believe, because he, like those who went before him, has be^n invested with a comrfnssioti and authority to teach, under the solemn promise that he should not lead the world astray. ' A' bishop of foe Catholio Church, then, if he is anything, if he be not a wretched charlatan, is the jriorifti-piece and tongue of that divine intellect which has been placed by God in the midst of men that they may not grppe for ever in the mist, or Blip down tbe incline; that they may have some ground for certainty, soma steady light shining planet-wise in the midst ol 'the curling fogs and deluding vapours of haman life. He teaches his people the full doctrine of God,BB read, in the' one great intellect He exhorts them, he rebtikes, he ehastises with all firmnesB,gentleness, and love. He, in the light of the teaching of the one Great Witness, warns them of dangers, condemns and puts his foot down upon error, and takes little heed of the clap of many tongues. He has hiti work to do;Ins message to deliver, his truth to shape and to proclaim, and his mind is so much absorbed with this responsibility, that he scaroely notices'th^ din of Cqndemnation and .the pa'seing cyclone of abuse, which, as its .shadow ever waits on light, proclaims to liim faot wfaich he knew before, that he has not only launched his Bhaft, but that' the m'onster has been pinned in his den by the messenger of truth. It is evident that the bishop must possesb dt strive after 'three' espepial qn^ties. if he would hold hip own', and .leave his mark, especially in these days of-intellectual pride and refined materialism. Bc^n4st»elearned —that is, possessed of the wEole mind'of the Churbh' as expressed in the WrttinteofJieF chaste, modest, a spring of perennial charity, tempered with .|ofti*Bt courage, preferring truth Andtheelearriiiftjof Us«olden*wce>o aU the empty Jw. S»4 to.aU. W PMsingvn^|»ppl«ity of lBieJiont- ..w the third pl»oe, hf, should mm* m&m; aQdoonnsel^hat is, ftui.na>nw>W. P r % oipi^s of jeliguKUraAd. ^inapl life i>h<9>ld M.it mm* portion of toad, wtm he sl*«ad fee , earing and know how to apply them to the ' ;enoieg ot the day,.,and to the especial its"tit the age iri'which' hi' lives.' And Snal^f, tf I may add another quality, which seems to mef tto'ding' round truth with a spontaneous sympathy, he should have a large generosity for others, and never feel ttte ilfthtert bitterness tfecailfte others fob harsh'or unfair in hta regard; he should never wound df "he ean help it; and shouldendeavour to appreciate in his fellow-man,- whatever his belief or his condition, those noble qualities''with'which a generous Providence has endowed him. In saying all this, igentlemen, I am simply telling you what you iinew before. You, laymen, are possessed of a' keen and oorrect instmot, which tells yon what a bishop or a priest shoulid be (but your charity is as large as your Catholio instinct); and I venture to assert that' your views on thiB matter and my. own will not he found muoh but of harmony. How far removed I am myself from this ideal, no one can possibly be so conscious as myself; how anxious I am to {tend towards it, I think I need hardly tell you. And I look upon your land, your too flattering and oharitable words, rather as an expression of what I should some day ltye to beoome, than as any kind pit picture pf what I am at present. And I oanndi finish these remarks without saying how much', how deeply, I appreciate the forbearance that has' been shown me by my non-Catholic fpllpw- pountrymen sinoe I have been in tyis oolohy. All. those who are in the ha^it of. frequenting the civilised walks of society have bpen much more patient with me than I had any. right to hope ; whilst the press, whioh na!s of oourse little sympathy witfi principles which are dearer to me, I hope, than life, has treated me with fairness always,'arid at times with generosity. The oply return I know how to make for all this is to promise my fellow-oountrymen, as I how promise you, that I will strive, whilst preaching with fall voioe and' pnoompromising utterance, tjbose truths whioh I know to be ,the medicine of life, and immortality for all of us, to do so with that Parity and gentleness whicfa will prove to' them that I love them better than I love their flattery, or even their approval—for love of applause is love of self after al}, and anxiety to be approved of looks more like a subtle love of admiration than a genuine satisfaction with the truth. Catholic young men of Sydney, I thank you once again for the valuable memento of my duty which you have placed in my hands this evening; and for the address in which you explain to me the reasons that have led you to make me this handsome presentation. I earnestly beg of God to give me His grace to perform that duty so long as my brain retains its elasticity, and my tongue is able to articulate— to perform that duty, I say, for the greater glory of God, and for the salvation of those souls for which Our Master died. 