WE have recently been led to refresh our memory in re gard to the proceedings of the Rock ingham Jarrah Timber Company and trace the successive existences of this protean association from its birth up to its appearance in the recent suit in equity instituted by it against its manager. The history of this inter esting company, if it is scarcely edi fying, is decidedly instructive. The original company was formed in 1871. It did not spring up naturally under the law of demand and supply-it was a forced production, raised in a hotbed under the fostering care of the Government of Mr. WELD. The panacea of the moment- that is, the Government panacea- was the estab lishment of timber works. To be sure, there were timber works already established-works by no means in considerable, and which had been car ried on with great abilty and persever ance by Messrs, MASON, YELVERTON, and others, and deserved every encouragement. But these the Go vernment ignored-it gave them no advantage-- offered them no conces sions. What it wanted was to intro duce a Victorian company, with Vic torian capital and Victorian notions. Now the fish which the Government wanted to catch was a very shy sort of fish, but still there are very few fish that will not take a bait where there is no hook attached, and the Government, being prodigal of its bait and overlooking the desirability of the hook, was not long before it saw its bait devoured. As it offered vast tracts of valuable land on con dition that those who accepted them should raise on them certain works which suited their own purpose, with liberty to do what they liked with both land and works, its offer did not long go a-begging. - First, Mr. J. D. WANLISS, Mr. JAMES SERVICE and another accepted it as proprietors. These gentlemen, then, formed them selves into a company-and this was the first R. J. T. Co. But, although this R. J. T. Company entered the field under grand auspices and made such a distinguished appearance as to dazzle the eyes of the astute directors of a very cautious bank, it in reality came without that Victorian capital which was so desired. But if it did not bring Victorian capital, it brought Victorian notions. Borrowing freely and contracting all sorts of debts in the colony, it further proceeded on the security of a bill of sale of its plant and rights to borrow a lump sum, from a bank in Melbourne. This was in 1872-or not. long after it started. But things did not go on smoothly, and in January 1873 the shareholders by a a special resolution determined the company should be wound up, and went into liquidation. A month after this the Bank which held the bill of sale-the Commercial Bank of Australasia-put in its claim, and with the consent of the liquidator, who was also a shareholder, sold its interest by private contract to Mr. James SERVICE and Mr. J. D. WANLISS the mortgagors. How the directors of the company managed this nice little bit of business without the creditors in this colony being made aware of what was going on does not appear. But certainly it is a very strange thing that while the estate of a company is in course of liquidation, a mortgagee should be allowed to step in and the principle shareholders of the company repur chase from him their own rights. But so it was. Messrs. SERVICE and J. D. WANLISS having died out as one R. J. T. Company, were now desirous to rise into life as another R. J. T. Company. So they create twelve hundred shares at £25 each, of which they themselves take all but sixty eight. The original company having thus committed suicide and accomplished a happy resurrection, goes on with the original business under its original style, only adding to it the word "limited." .The effect of this was to free the "risen" or "resurrectionized" company from the debt under which it laboured before its decease--the unsecured creditors having however the great comfort of knowing that they were to be paid by the liquidator out of the "unpaid-up calls." In the meantime, the death and revival of the first com pany was accomplished so quietly and with such an utter absence of parade, that the creditors in this colony had no idea that it had ever taken place and had not the slightest notion that in dealing with the R. J. T. Company they were dealing with a re- embodied ghost, and were as confiding as ever. Even the manager of the works- Mr. William WANLISS-fell under the illusion-so like did the re-embodied spirit seem to the original flesh and blood. But this resurrectionised spirit which after the fashion of modern spirit does not seem to have lost any of its bad propensities by passing into a new state of existence, not only got again into debt but, just as before, made over everything to one creditor under a bill of sale; and then, default being made, the mortagee-the same Com mercial Bank- sold its' interest---and Phoenix like the Company again rose out of its ashes. This time it got rid of a second load of debt. Once more then the old R. J. T. Comqany cast off its earthly coil and rose re-embodied. There was only one draw back to, its perfect satisfaction. The unfortunate man who was its manager, now recog nised the defunct company in spite of its change or form and opposed its taking possession of its old domains. Its manager through all its successive stages of existence, the company had left him-we cannot help thinking somewhat unhandsomely -- without paying his wages and, what was worse had left him responsible for. a large sum due to the workmen under his orders, and until he was paid and relieved from his unfair liabilities, he refused to convey to his unkind masters certain lands which he held for them. As however he had given up the title deeds and had as recently as the year 1875 agreed to execute a conveyance, he seems in a measure to have put himself out of court on this point. But his legal advisers thought that while a court of equity would give redress to the company, it would give redress to its manager --and that, if it ordered Mr. William WANLISS to fulfil his engagement to the R. J. T. Company it would compel the R. J. T. Company to fulfil its engagement to Mr. William WANLISS and counselled resistance. But spirits, whether disembodied or re-em bodied, are difficult things to deal with and seem in this instance to have been beyond His Honor's jurisdiction and the R. J. T. Company seems to have been able to translate itself out of its liabilities in a way that is quite wonderful. We do not know whether this changeful company has come under the notice of M. BEAURTEAUX but from its power of passing from one state of existence into another and continually emerging from a con dition of life which has become in convenient to it without loos- ing its identity, we should think it must have a special interest for a silk worm cultivator. But it is not precisely the sort of insect which we like to see devouring our timber for- ests. We tried all we could to prevent its importation. But the government chose to be positive-and we see the results. They are disastrous every way. The imported company, after overpowering and almost-driving--out ot the field the sounder native timber undertakings-carried on by energetic and deserving settlers-has got im mense tracts of land for nothing, made the colony pay for its plant, and been always in difficulties-difficulties out of which it has risen at the ex pense at the people of the Colony. It reminds us of a story by Theodore HOOK in which a man who gets hopelessly into debt causes his own death to be inserted in the newspapers and then presents himself to his creditors as his own twin brother.and gets them to compromise his debts. The transmu tations of the R. J. T. Company are much of the same character, only the company, instead of presenting itself as its own brother, presents itself as its own re'embodied spirit and repu diates the idea of paying anything for the goods it obtained in its previous state of existence. All that its credi tors here have been able to get from it is a lesson to have as little to do as possible with any company conduc ted from Melbourne. Had the trans mutations through which this com pany has passed taken place in the colony, it would have been forced into bankruptcy, and if it had been proved that it had contracted debts with one person after making over everything it had to another, it would have come under the provi sions of our local statute. But in Melbourne it is entirely out of reach. and may laugh at its manager and the poor men who have worked for it, anld may disembody itself and re-embody itself-or liquidate and re-incorporate itself-as often as it likes. ., MONG the many drawbacks to the progress of this colonyimay be numbered the facilities which exist for getting into debt ,for small an.ounts. We arenot here speakingof the ad vances made'by the didrchiaht to the retail dealer i-and- farmer, to-enable- them to establish or maintain them selvws in their business, but of the facilitiie which exist for incurring debts of ah drdinary character-debts contracted without security and incur red in anticipation of earnings. And one great cause of the evil-we believe ito- bete-t--priucipai caue-- is the'existent:e of provincial courts for the recovery of debts under fifty pounds, The storekeeper. seeing before him an easy, inexpensive;, and effectual means of obtaining prompt payment from any shaky customer, and being at the same time anxious to sell his goods, trusts people to the last.fairthilig he thiriks they can be madb pay. The consequence is that almost every one gets more goods than he actually requires anid a great many persons involve themselves in difficulties. Credit with the great majority of persons leads' to extrava gence, and extraviigance almost in variably leadsrif not to ruin, to em barasament. It does so- more fre quently in a colony than in along settled country. The people who emigrate are for the most part very poor. It is theii poverty which drives ther-fromnrhomr-e-But-.having been obliged to live from hand to month and buy sugar by the quarter otf a pound and tea by the ouice, they no soouer find themselves in credit and able to buy tea by the pound and ?ngar by the bag, than they thilk there is no need to stint in anything. Rence,-they buy'freely, regardless of price and means of paymuent, and find all theii earnings anticipated. Hencethbeir earnings lose their value to them. They'feel themselves not to be working for that'which will enable them to advance their, condition but whifh will merely remove a load from ther shoulders and leave them ex hausted. Hence, they hbcome careless anl--imntifferent and sink - instead of rising. One great cause of all this is the ever present provincial court for the recovery, of: small debts. Acting on the principle that every man who has money due to him ought to hairve is readjr mode of recovering it and seeing suiich a mode-so far as regards claims for small aamouints-in thie En :lish country courts-the govbernment some years ago introduced similar courts into this colony. Now, it iay be quite true that as a genoeal rule iill who have money due to • them should have a ready and inexpensive means of recovering it, noc only'with regard to small sums, butin respec?of- large- ones. Justice should be as simple and :inexpensive as possible. But when we came to the establishment of 'ourtas we must look at the. circum stances of;the countryi for which they are measnt) and West AustraHli is not GreatBritain, nor are 'West Aus. tralian towns 'nglish towns. And for a.town with a population of from ten thousand to fifty thousand inhabitants to have its local court is a very differ ent thing from a town with only five hundred inhabitants having such a court. To give local courts to our provincial towns is like giving courts to every English village. And these provincial courts, -which in England may be very useful, are here mere propagatore of debt. Withiotit these legal hand machines, the storekeeper would be more chury of giving trust, and his customersfnding they ha?___ no credit, would do without this, that, and the other, till they had earned the money to pay fur it. They would then. purchase more sparingly and lajry bymoney, and be hopeful and striving, while if at times they actua;ly needed a small credit they would get it. For a colony consisting of a few scattemed families, we have too much civil law altogether. In such a com munity as ours people should, except in police matters, be left to settle all .mall affaire amongst themse!ves, with the opportunity of submitting such as were more complicated anat important to__a_ central court. It might be desirable to retain a court for small debts in the metropolis and make it available for the whole coun. try, but local-or what may be called village courts-are simply hotbeds of dissension, and ruinous alike to the peace and the pockets of thepeople near them. Sweep them away-do not give the means to every hasty or foolish man to go to law at any mo ment and cease to tempt the store keeper to trade on the improvidence of -his-customers, and--we shall find people going on together much more happily and learning to live within their .means,. and experiencing the" pleasure ofbeing independent, while .prices will fall and traders find their business, much more satisfactory. The abolition of our local courts would be. no hindrance to trade. People would still buy in the end what they could. pay ibr : the only difference would be that they would buy it after they had earned it instead of before, They would indeed buy more in the end inaemuch as they would work more hopefully and make more money All the difference that the sweeping away-of the- .prvitiaal__ourtswould - make to trade would be to substitute a cash system for a credit system thebest thing for our retail trade that could happen. In a country like this, there could scarcely be a more mie chievous institution than, the local court.- -Opportunity isa--a-great--dedl in most things, but in war and specu lation it is everything.- Set up a local Court in the most peaceful spot set up this shop for bad, ready, cheap law-so that every man can make a prize ring of it before his passion cools and you set half the people of the place by the ears, while you tempt those wlho have anything to sell to let every one getinto debt. Now, reme dies for eviis may be very . desirable, but the prevention of them is a great deal better, and where a particular sort of law court causes the evils which it is meant to remedy (and which it remedies very uncertainly) ithad better be abolished. There may be no doubt arguments adduced in favour.. of these \- local aourts but we have not had them always and we did very sell without them-far better than we have done with them. jB. FBaAZzR has been to Mel II bourne and Mr. FRAZER has tht:n a steamer. aV, dtatlut tea, meris like we shall not know till we see her-what she is going to do we shall not know till the government or her owners are disposed to tell us, or perhaps not till we see her at work. 8tatements have been boldly hazarded by our cotemporaries as to her horse power, draught of water and dimen sionsa, but, as she was not very long ;- l~-egthned ad tltered,7-nd-the dimensions given do not tally .w-ih those in her sailing_ adyertise ments, it is to be doub:ed whether our c ,temporaries may not have been mis led by an old description. All we can be positive about is that the vessel has been retained by this government for . Lsne. purpose or othr.r at the very high premium of four thousand two hundred a year. For this subsidy if she is not under a contract to do special service for the government-we ought to have her services for carry ing all the sea coast mails except those from the North'West, so asto save the money now :spent. on an overland postal service from Albany, Bunbury and Champion Bay. We have always maintained that it would be better not to subsidize a steamer for carrying mails, as if retained for this purpose such a vessel must cost a very large sum for what could be done cheaper and better overland. But we did not byany meausintend that a steamer should be retained at a 1brge price for . doing nothing. We advocated the retention of the "Georgette," on the \- coast at the cost of a small subsidy -say a thousand pounds-just to keep a trade which had sprung up from being interrupted,--but only in consideration of her costing for such retention a mere trifle. The objection to the: "Georgette" carrying the mails was that she cost as a mail steamer three times whit she would have done as a coasting sfeamer. We could have had her for a much ]ess sum than we actually.paid, even. if we had not tied her down to t king the Champion Bay mails. 8he must have gone to Albany in any case and must have met the English and waited for the Colonial mails. This was the most profitable partof her work. Not only is a steamer more necessary between Fremantle and Albany than between any other two points, but it is between these two points it pays--bst.- .The-' traffc' betwyeen Buubury and Geraldton is as a rule comparatively by worthless. But, however this may be, if we pay our. - mohey-if, ?in other words, we give a large eubhidy-we have a right to expect that the steamer. subsidized should take our mails.- Otherwise, whatdo wegive it for ? The govern ment does not pay a Victorian com pany four.thousand a year to send a vessel to destroy the local coasting trade ? It does not give-this subsidy for a vessel to swamp the shipping el this colony ? It does not say to Melbourne capitalists. "Bring over a large vessel to crush our Fremantle ship owners and we will give you four thousand a year for this and nothing Selse ?" This would be worse than the idea which has been broached that the \- steamer is subsidized for the comfort of a few of the principal merchants and settlers. We may hope. therefore that it will turn out that the govern ment has consented to the large sub sidy named, either with a view to the steamer subsidized carrying the mails, or else opening up regular steam com manication with the other colonies. sT i p not leasant after havingcarefully hidden a treasured relec for years to find on opening the casket in which we thought it was safe that the jewel is gone, but still less pleasant is it to find that a hideous secret which it has been the object of our life to keep unrevealed has by an act of our own carelessness been left uncovered to the public view and that every one is Stalking of it. We have not met with a verslon ok I3iuebeard in hiTch -he ii shade to set his skeletons in the window to air--and-is reproached- by lis- wife-with exposing family secrets, 'but we can well \--imaginehis feelings-in- such a-ease.- -What then must have been the emotions of our contemporary, the Inquirer, on seeing, as we observe he has seen, the terrible article in the Straits Times which to-day _appears in our columns. It is really too bad. If any public journal has been tender Sto the shortcomings of its country and been charitably alive to.the desirability of being silent about awkward facts, it is the Inquirer. Such at least hasbeen its reptid \- tation-such has been its boast. How often has it taunted its contemporary the Herald with exposing public evils and national defects, how often plumed itself in its greater discretion! Yet-such is -the-cnelty of its fate-tha -we fiuid a -w-rteraL ingapore,- when=eeking for data, on which to disparage this colony. not looking for them in the Herald whichI is there on every public table-not in the \- W. A. 2limes-not in the Catholic Record -but in the discreet and cautious Inquirer. He describes-and, we regret to say, finds -the Inquirer" wailing" about the "de terioration in the breed of horses" and ' "continuing its Jeremiad and carrying it to a still higher pitch" by speaking of the r " falling off every year in the quantity of grain" and the bad system of farmming, \- and of an enormous sum sent away every year for breadstuff?; and on the strength of these quotations scoffs at the idea of direct steam communication with the Straits for any such purposes as sending them either horses or horse corn. This is cruel. It is very difliculs no doubt to be always discreet and never to let out dis agreeable truths that are constantly pre sent-but for the Inquirer to be selected -and, we are sorry to say, convicted-as \- the calumniator or the colony and the one journal that "wails " over the shortcom ings of its country before strangers, is hard lines indeed. For, we know not how many. years has our contemporary boasted "of having kept the cat in the bag and now in an inadvertent moment he has, as it were, let loose three hundred foxes with half as imany firebrands attached to their tails into our very corn flelds. We hope he will not take it wrong?-we tender him the sympathy ofa generous rival. THE intelligence received by the Ia4t mail to the effect that a Ivelbjurne firm is establishing.a sheep station on the Mur chison has a significance far beyond the actual fact. This importation of two thousand sheep with the necessary station plant is, as we are informed, only the pre lude-if the venture answers expectations -to an undertaking of the same kind on.a much larger scale. From this, if carried out, will follow another result-namel3j the gradual diversion of the wool trade of the colony from London to Melbourne. I'he firm concerned in the present experi meint- wll-ot send the- wool from-its station on the Murchlison to London, but will fetch it to itsown warehouses and its natural market. This will lead to other wool, the produce of the colony, following in the same track. _By thie same mail which brings us news of this design of forming an experimental sheep station ont our shores, we see that the wool sales itt MIelbourne are not so very much less important than those in London and that the prices-are -ahbi t-as good.-i'hese last 'are indeed so good, that they ttract large shipi-ents ofaooLfromnNew South Wales, South Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand. But, if it pays the wool growers and wool factors of these countries-conntries which enjoy the ad vantage of very low freihts to England to send their wool to a colonial market, it musi certailtly-pay- those-living- in-a colony the freights ftom which to England are exorbitantly high. It mey of course tie some timtne before any large portion of the trade which is now carried on by this colony: with London is diverted to any other market, but it is with our neighbors anrid especially with Melbourne that we shall trade eventually, and the sooner we open our eyes to this the better. TWe cannot bring the colony anty nearer, to London and can never get much from that quarter. Weshall get no capital'from it no labor. From Victoria, lying as it does close to us and already encumbered with a certain amount of labor and capital which is ceasing to command colonial or specula tive prices, we may expect to receive both men and money. All that is wantedl is tha existence between us of an active and regular. communication. It is from the other colonies, especially from that of Victoria, and not from lEngland, that the colony must look for its future. We must get to Melbourne even before we get to the East. Our propinquity to India is our great geographical advantage, but at present we have nothing ready for expor tatiott in anyquantity except wool- which India does not want-anmd, before our position on the map can be of any service to us, we must he peopled from the other colonies, andour;trade and theirs must have become intimately connected. We regard therefore with particular satisfaction an enterprize in which we recognize the first step towards cutting off a. connection whichis a source of weakness and exchang ing it for one which ismore desirable. In another column will be found a letter from a pearler drawing attention to the propriety of relieving persons engag.,d in the pearl shell and pearl fisheries from the special hurdens to which they are subjected. When the pearl shell fishery suddenly sprung-intor-a- -icratire -specutrri en, -te Government of the day seeing a chance of getting hold of a few pounds towards meet ing its extravagant expenditure, immediatelj proceeded to place a duty on the boata employed in it. At'first, it pr posed to charge sixty shillings a ton on tile vess.ls' registered tonnage. Against this the pearlers remonstrated, representing that such a duty woul not only fall very hard on the owners of unsuces sful boats, but would prevent many parsons from going pearling at all, and thus interefere witll the trade, and suggesled that it woull be fairer to the trader and more profitable to the Government if a royalty was levied on the shells obtained. Tihe Government grasped eagerly at the idea of the royalty; but would not let go the license. It merely consented to reduce the prelimi nary penalty from sixty shillings a too, to forty shillings. Now, there can be no question that the imposition of either the one tax or the other was exceedingly bad policy. Nothing can be much worse than an export duty, especially where the article exported has no home mnarket, and here we have not only what is tantamount to an export duty, but to an anticipatory duty. We have the poli) of the Turk-the false economy which taxes improvements and under which money is hoarded and every thing allowed to go to ruin. A Government which levies a tax of this sort ought, if it was consistent with itself, not to allow a man to build a house till he had paid a years rent, or plant a vine without pmying a tax for the privilege. Such a tax is a disgrace to the Government that imposes it. Still, -while-she!ls-were-plentifus--iilc fetching ex traordinary prices and the fisl,eries were a sort of gold fie d, *the obnoxious taxes to which they were subjected were scarcely felt. Now, however, the case is altered. The pearling grounds are sought only by those who have boats for which they can get no other employment, and the imposi tion of a preliminary license on the boats themselves as well as of a royalty on their earnings is to crusha-valuable industry-inits last struggles. So far from this once flourish ing occupation being able to pay a heavy \--pocrautyi itid evefn a preliminary fee of from twenty to fifty.pounds before it can -eend-down a-dive--i- -require.s-nurs?iig-and fostering. If the Government wishes the trade to be kept alive, so far from throwing impediments and discouragements in its way, it will rather allow a drawback on some of the more necessary stores which are nused in it. If penalties and export duties had at one time a show of excuse-if they seemed to those who have learnt political economy from the Turk or who have not learnt it at all-to be in some sort justified by the fortunes that were being made and the supposed necessity for an additional police force-they have not even this excuse now. The fortunes are no longer to be acquired, and the protection (which by the way was never given) is no longer wanted.--e-may-hope therefore that the pstition which has been sent to His Excellency may be granted and that if possible such persons as are disposed to engage in what is a valuable but-just now a very unpromising trade may be at once relieved from their burdens byjan Order in Council. The special burdens to which they are subjected yield a very insignificant sum to the revenue and one utterly dispro portionate to the injury they inflict on trade and enterprize. THE CONCERT given last evening in the Odd Fellows' Hall, in aid of the fund for the relief of the sufferers by the loss of the Georgette and the widow of Captain Peterson was, as a performance, extremely successful. We regret however to say that owing to a Volunteer parade and a Good Templar gathering taking place the same evening the attendance-with the exception of the reserved seats-was but poor. Under these circumstances it is hoped the concert will he repeated. The following ladies and gentlemen kindly gave their services for the occasion : Mesdames Morris and Harwood, Miss O'Grady, Miss Kate Compton, Mr. W. E. Marmion, Mr. R. C.Clifton, Mr. O'Callaghan, Mr. G. Easton,-Mr.- J. A. Lucas-and-Mr. James Pearce-Mr. G. C. Compton and Mr B. C. Wood who were to have assisted were prevented, the former by indisposition and -latter by-unavoidable absence-from-home. 