BURSTING ONE'S DEAD. , iv (Queen.) « It has to be done however, painful it may be ; 'the things of doe's/love die and all that is : left us kto do is .to bury, them deep, plant , flowera on tile spot whero ihoy lie, and go on our .way -poorer by si mnbb, but with lit© Btill Mo lead and a future still to fulfil. Tlieie is not one among us who baB not to bury bis dead. Front/ the ohild's belief in the omniV potenoe of hiB parents of the man's in the ab solute perfeotion-.of his beloved j from the rc- jeotion of the fairy taler>, which were as .true as gospel, to the critical examination of histori cal legends, which once , were as exact as Han sard, we. all. have to pass through states of faith and feeling .whioh time and further knowledge prove to be fallacious. They die, and must be buried, fiom their ashes some times-rising the new growth of a higher and loftier truth, "if-sometimea that heart sickness which comes from dif appointment and the in ability to make the best of things .which re main to .us after Knowledge has robbed us of ourillnsionB. characteristic of the tender and- thor tenacious. We have to buty our hopes ae , we. have to bury our loves, and forget the desire whioh once made the . whole charm of life for up, to the attainment of which we once bent all'our energies, ob on its fulfilment were centred all. our dreams. . Of what good to sit down by the WByaide, and mourn through a lifetime, watching the ghoat of a dead hope, the dark shadow of a living sorrow,? Bar better to dig the grave of that delusive dream once and for. ever, . and then go on in the ord way, turning. up the torn ends 'find -piecing ''together the broken f bj mente. . ;it:is all that you oan;do and to bury.your mietaken love is a far better way of showing wisdom', and a -far -more likely use of reason than to follow Goldsmith's advice, because ycu hive stooped to" folly turn your own fubo to the .wall. ' No ; kill your folly and bury it aa a dead thing Which has no ghost bat do you live to do better, and to be of such use to the world as God has granted you the means of being. ' - . V;,: The fresh faiths of early youth have to go down with the rest; while a sunset wis a thing and not only an appearance; before we .knew 'of the " struggle for existence" "or the survival of the fitteBt and while all nature wes'-'one great field of intentional delight for' man; and' the harmonious intercommunion, of its members. We believed only in the law of kindness and the manifestation of virtue. That a benevolent and white-haired old gentle man; with a sleek face and a caressing lisp, wbo'patted.our curly bead and gave us six pence in the hall, should be the incarnation of' humbug, ' with ah under-ourront of fact going exactly contrary, to the surfaco flow of seeming, and, a heart as. hard aa;his, plump white hand was soft, was a problem in sooial. algebra next : to impossible for- us to under stand or accept, . . . . /'-'-; ' Since, then, we have Bhed our faith in in dividual. man many times— if still retaining it in collective humanity— eaoh time with pain a'nd deatb. But it had' to tbe done,., and the deaddraried-and put out of sight; if we would not remain a obild to the end and afool always. Sometimes the struggle was bard enough, and "mine own. famil&r;" . had to be alain of intent rather than let to die. in the „ coarse of nature. The friend on whose pro bity we thought that we could rely as on to morrow's aiinshine, . suddenly proves, himself slippery and an trust worthy. What oan we. do but kill our- love for him there on tho spot — andburyit afterwards so deep chat we shall never care ;to uocoyer it again? We' bad lovied an'idea.'a simaiacrum, a thing . non-ex-/ isting outside our own imaginations ;. and' we must/deal- wi th this, too, as with oar other eidola— bury it among our dead. The various illusions of life, go one/ by one to their graves ; and we are left standing alone iri'lhe desert,; where once' we' had- bean: in' EdeD, surrounded by fair-faced angels and . sweet-voice seraphs. - We" find that , poetry, though .beautiful, iB not science which is true j and 'that the' poetry faoulty of viewing life gets more praise from the hearer than it gives peace to the thinker ; that dreams 'of human perfeotibiliiy en maBBe, and of. human perfec tion/in particulars, are not the/groundwork on whioh to found.a'mah'a active doings among his fellows j and that beliefs whioh have no bisiB on faots are at the .best- but doubtful companions, and at the worst deceitful and perilous guides for those who wish to' find the truth, and; when found, hold .fast by, 'her mantle. We have to part with our mental illusions, .ahd to/bury thera deep. just as we have to part with the idealisations of youth- ful'memory.if by'obance brought face to ' face with - the etiir jiving .reality'.' ./. / . , ' We : bury ' our- youtb, our health, and our atrenght ; " and we -only come to grief' when , we try to resuoitate the dead and' forget 'the chain of years that we have forged between then and now. The long -walk; the 'day's hunting, the night's dance, the oald.bath and the half-hour's swimj the im prudent food, and the reckless expoBnre to the aun and the raid; the wind'and the snow—all thisse'.tbiogs are among the buried dead of our possibilities, and we must accept them as memories only, never again to be living iaote. 