TIIJESJiap .|PT£Hlio. SH5P54E8OS ALL AND MAISpS FAIR' . a Christmas stqby. Bv tttr AuinoBS of'Ekadt Mohet Mouti bot,' 'The Golden Buttbrplt,' 'When ?? THB;EJiiir Oohes Hokb,' fee, be. Chapteh r.— Abcadia, The Lakd oj? CLI?/Ltl SKIE3— (COHTIHDED). Presently thero strolla down one of tho passages in,to the Friars a young man. It is the same young man whom wo saw two months ago in Clear Sky Land, iho young fellow whom they called John 1'omeroy, tho tallost, strongest, and handsomest of the young follows there — the man or twenty-rour, who nas tno croau BhonlderB, the tall Units, the clear hazol oyea, tho deep che3fc, and the deop voice. Add to thia a peculiar fineness of feature. Tho chin is more pointed, the check efcraigliter, the color lower than would bo found in an English countryman of healtby typo. ''''? Ho glances up tho court wistfully. Namber Five iu as silent as the rest of tho houses. Ho looks into tho church, but thoro is no one there except tha old woman with tho duster, and she ia anxious to get finishod and be off, because the ebadc3 are already gathoring moro thickly in tho gloomy old church, and sho remembers that it is a placo (it tombs, where every flagttcrao lie? abova a dead man. Ghosts in city churches aro uncommon, bnt they aro not un known, Then tho young man'hesitates, in doubt whether ho shall knock at tho door of Number Five. Theu ho remembers the square, and four bouses are in it. Slowly walking round the flags, he finds the girl he camo to look for. She hears his stop and lifts hor bead, Soe what a bright 3mile of welcome, like a ray of son ehine, lights her eyes as ho lifts hia hat and stands before hor— Iovor-liko, submissive. As yet tho love is all on her aide, because ho has eaid no word of lovo, and sbo has no thought except; tbat hero is a mo3t noteworthy stranger, providentially dropped from tho ekias, to remove come of tbo dulneE3 cf hor lifo« 'You eaid,' ho. bogan, 'you said— that is, I hoped— tbat you might bo walking hero to day.' . '?? ?-??-. ' I walk hero every day,'-' eko said, rather badly. ' . 'Every day ?' Ho* looked rotmd the narrow court with a sort of dismay, 'J Every day— in this prison of a place?' Not an atom of reupcci, you eoo, for tuo memory of dead and gone rich men. ' Prison of a placa !' And this whero only a hundred ycaia ago tbroo aldormon and ono ex-Lord Mayor — substantial merchants, not koopsra of shop3 in Floet-street — lived all at tho oamo time, Sbo laughed. ' I do not find it a prison ; I Dnd it a placo wbero I get fresh air and oxcrcise, aud can think.' ' Toll mo,' ho eaiJ, in wonder, ' do you nsvor go outsido tboso walla?' ?'Oh yes: BomBtimos. To-day I lUougbt I would go as far as Saint Paul's, and walk up and down the uoulh aule-— '. ?'Another prison,' ho groaned, having no feel ing whatever Cor tUo ronorablo yilo of Sir Gbriat&plier.; v*^ ' Bat when I got to the ond of tbo pas^ago tbo crowd was so gpeal und tho men woro jostling each other, so tbat I could not bear to tkiuk thuL 1 ww going to mako ono of nncli a. mob; aud bciiloB, the^&bs; were noifiior than usual/and bo I ?jfttno htck to ray old favorito walk,- where no. bod;«yer coraes to distnrb tno.'' ? ' fKrery day tlio name lljiDg;' iiOt4Wto him ieif..l;vt-\ -. ? :«:' :; ;:?';; rv.'\ '?? ; Bhp laogueJ. ' ' ,.? ? ''You mean my daily Hfo. If,' yon liko I will (til you Low lay days aro eneat. (\Vo itayo break faslfttuioe, Mr. Pomflroyondi, I.auppoMyou wotrld iliiflk that UU«, Mr. Athtoii '!'. Ii may as well bo unapntood tbatAalitoij wtt« tho lumo »gro&d; upna with hii mother by ' which Jobn oboold call Wmwliwhin. Uo wm introduood to bia ?? V/©U-^TO«;f*«aia ^JoUn.! ' 'J baldly s^p lojr {'hi two o'clook I ? tend in hU JODcheoa , on a i tray. At- fi« o'clock Icomo doire Jato.ttw cowl, trUen ftU tbo fooUtcp* hftvo unrrietl a.w»y,and walk about here tor exercise and frosh air.' - (i Hlio call* ' tbie froth air/' nmrmurod liohat compwiiioufttclv, , , , , „ 11 At lix Mr, romproy, ilip^ ?r , UU Qfllce-lt liuf ' been nbtii really wnoefiro, but lie rernabi ^AadAdWdiniMr f-.v r..( t .!?»?.«?. r.-r,p^.^' ' Well,' yon ii'avo soon what we §6 afl^r ulflner. , Wi»or^ younre not IV^U «» M^ VwmviMnt ttptety, IId roftdK, nijfs \ti, M»ip flre/ttij^ loeko In the ; fyfa 'SJM litijf^aBt; Abv/m'X^ye M^i ivii, f-! UA i at ton hetAca down hUp%-o and filk it; Mid then I loaro him and goto my own to6m.' f . ''And wailo-boreA^inaic^^'«hff-lro^ a^lty way of gaUing thro«Bb ttb ^vstotoB# . ~U-ad tohn'dj toother bean preiontjionemlttreacftc ;wi-ald,,wrely;h:avo bponniado t-- *b.o4fy»«0f(i^t jtn»n4monit-~'Moqika in ? tho; fir?, ^y caj^i 4^9^ jtajk, ortakqypu.wmowhQrot.'. ;!i! '??'., ,;.H Jfe ! /'It, has always Leon uudoretooi fwca^OTi : beginning that X was to icaVo Mr. romoroytoBtfv on living as ho had always lived, that I mi^Utiio ; aa 1 pleased, provided ho wns not diaturbodi Ho gavo mo a piano, for instance, arid aaliotold-md '? I ahonld not disturb him by playing, ' t !^1«JT^ every ovoning, ?'Sometimes' I tUihl;. 'thjVliS- liatons.' ;-' ;''' :''. .%r *' And dpc3 ho actually novcr talt to yojf^ \ novor? .' . . - -- ^^ ^ ? 'Boforo breakfast ho nays goooUmonung ; ffcl tho evening ho says good-night, SomofcinioatifiO ? will ask mo at dinnor if I want anything1. When I toll him that I want nothing, anl am 'greitat(0 l for his kincinoss, ho says, 'Largo declactiqris,'*V ''?? ' What docs ho mean by that?1' . . ..''''. A'. 'It is his way, yon know, ttc pfotonclfl^r'^ becauso ifc'cau bo nothing but . protenoo-rto boliovo nobody, And in th-i Eamo wayTio.wiU^ now and then ask me how my brother Will i& doing, and when I toll him that he in doing -s7eUJ' and is grateful for tkoetarfc in lifo which. Mr,' Pomoroy gavo him, Iio says, * HTim 1 gratofaK-' Lwgo Joduction3'— meaning that poor WjilJ.;i9jn$ so gratofal as ho pretonda to bo.' v' ' ^' '*j$-; 'And hayo you nobodyr-nobody a| ali-rlo talk tor '??'? ?'?- ?'' --?'^ ?/',:- ;jjy ' Nobody at all, Mr. Ashton ; only tho coole.'! and tho housomaid, and. perhap3 tho old womaji at tha church. '4 ' ^'^^jv, 'But that i3 a Dutch chturct, 1)0 you ^0. there?' ' ? ?' -.' -^???*-sj!-- . .-?'? :''..^f. ' Yea, it is closo by, and ono avoids thij ciowds and rush. Besides, though I do not under^; stand Dutch, it ia going to church, you see j &nt;| if you Bhut your eyes and mako believe, thq language sounds very much like' English/ Besides, thoro aro the hymns, Thoy'aro n&$. hymns mostly, sung in unison, and they play tho ? organ in chords, so that tho music flies about tbij roof and peals in gusts, Uko wind on a wintoc night. I do not think I could go to any other church now. And then I look at tho face o£ tttQ Dutchmen and wonder what they aro thinking about, and if being a Dutchman is very differ^ ' from being an Englishman.' ' '**? ' ~~^-'- ^i Tiiis way of looking at things to tho practical young farmer was new and incomprehensible .; but it bad achaimthathe could not certainly : havocxplaineJin wordo. ? ;r ;. -v^ 'You have not told mo yob uow you' got through tho day. Forgiva me, Miss Langtqn, if ?? ' I am inquisitive.' ?*' ' e^r ' Indeed, there is nothing to forgive, There j^; the bouso to look aftsr first — -'. ? :S$V ' Tbat wouldn't take long.' .',''? ' Wo havo tho whole of tho upper part, ypflC know, five rooms and two garrets, whero fclia servants sleep. Mr. Pomeroy'a office — — '* J. ' That is tho front room on tho first floor ?' : 4 ' Yes— is loft quite alone. No one over ventures ? inside that room, and unless his office boy cleans tho room it certainly ncvor gets dohtod at all, Kfjf sitting-room ? ' .'' \ 'I know, the room at tho back, where I Lava epont balf-a dozen happy evenings akeady witb. yoB«' ? . . . y1 ' ' That, and tho bod-room, mako Up tha house? . And I am tho hou3okcoper,and havo two sorvants, . a cook and a maid. When I bavo gone into tho , accounts, paid all tho bills, ordorod dinner^ an4 all the other little things, I am ablo to sit dowtt and read, Becauso, you bco, I havo all M$ Pomeroy'a library.' '' .. ??? ' ^'.'TJ. ' But they are only norious books.' ?.' ? ' 'Yea ; ho has no light reading at ttlf, t Bhould like, I confess, to road t- novel «om,a; times ? ' .?- ' - - J 'I will briug you ft Lundrod i^ovoIb,' cp^jl Jobn, hotly. . 4 (I 'Thauk you, Mr. Aahton. Ifyou will lond mo ono I nhould bo vory much obligod. Ai prcHont I am reading Mill's E^say on Liborty^'' ' Oh !' said John, who had also read that work, and had a livoly recollection of a ton^U - weok of weary work grappling with it. -; 'And tbonl am teaching rnyso!£ Italian, an! I bavo to practiao. Ob, tho d&y; i» not loo long,' ? Jobn v/oa ntnggorod. T ;? 'Alwayoshut up in a room which looks on R dead wall; always taking exorciso in a vault wH6 tbojoofoff,' Bucb waa tlio dinrcspcclful way lid allowed himaolf to Bpoak of this vonumblo squaro i ' never ft soul to apoak to; novor any rjooioty, and yet you aro happy, MLih Langton J Ko_}| ? aro'actimlly Imppy ? ' - ' Yos,' »be ropiiod, lookiog up in inn face with her truthful oyoa ; ' I urn roally bappy^ Lifo is so smooth, foi% ono tliinj;, and when I carao hero (irot it fieemed as if that compensated for all tho nolitude, Wo iiad a groat misforttiuo just beforo v/o eamo ; a great and loniblo Ibins happened to ua— to Will aud to me.' ' '?'?- 'Will?', *' Ypi!. 01-,l forgot ! Will io my brotiior. 01 coureo, I bco him evory otbor Sunday, Mr, Pomoroy always npondo tbo v/holo Sunday in his oiflco ; booomoato ooo tno iu tho evening, and' wo have tea and muHio. Dear Will I Voif wouJJ liko my brother Will, Mr. AhIiIoij.' ',' ,VV ' I Jim auro I ahould,' uald Jolio, 'U fl?l».f^', tbo least lilcb — like hla aibtoi.' l,,,',;^'1 ; ShodiJjiot '?'Wtwb. Bbo Ytw.(\nttkifxy'fM.$fcv brother, not o£ liowU, aud Jojbu'g cowplittjan^ i wuboU gnUcoilod. -?;-. ? ??? v.u ???- -i^M'tyi. | :«' My brother Will,' oho murranredf' /-*te W two yea'w younger ih&n; I am. Ho ia aefdfcfeea'i Bow. It h iioreu years einpe-^iow that dr«a4fuJl ? minfortf no happened to us, nnd of(0ourjio If , wtl ^rowe for we tuw for Hm'iii tto :Um'o, bo'wpjw -f[ waa ; tiio oilier., I 'oaiae..hero^o^yo?,Vrltli' W!:{ i'o«aeroy|ftii.d,Will.{w48 ;'jm. *o ftjwi.i W m h6I|(J»»», Mr. pia/my, , who ao'« not Uko s Jbejaj t mi him In oljaVfio 9I d&p; j ot \hi mJU^DF -' Wk! whonh°^Blxtc«n,&y;«ftr tgo, ho gotihlm %- plaeeia &gft;%kho\m in'UtoCHky* wluawUiojf^jf, him forty pound! ft yeord -ltWtmnob,bBtiUl 't beginning ;And oh/Mr, Aiuton, bo U Mqa ^ ljrJ8ht.fM6(l,«i»ndB6mo boy, ftlld Ufa WAyp ftw «4 w|iu^ w ,lncr«(uifna w&«$ft«y J51»p bad nojlto, m Jior'6wn ai all, Hlio waa effftood, burlod, pu| , gvayina fircaft coffin, this sweet Sharon rose c, among- damsola. No nun could lead a moro ( secluded lifo. And not Lavo aiiyono to talk to ; ? Bitting silent all the- ovoning with a ailent man. , Shot Bho ebrank from tho jostling and noise of the streets bo attributed to her inoxperioncc, or oven tho ouporiority, of her nature. That was his own experience, bocauoo it \va3 no mark of superiority at all. I, who am wisor, can toll you » that her nervous shrinking from tho streolD and -i from noiso was duo to nothing but her fivo years' seclusion. It was tho beginning of what might end in shrinking even from tho silonco of tho . court ; in living wholly in those two rooms ; in tho gradual destruction of brain and will, tho rain, atop by etep, of what was deslinetl to bo a full and gonorous nature, receiving and giving. 'Lot mo take you somewhere,' said John ; ' it is a fino afternoon. Wo havo an hour of daylight before us. Will you como ?' Sho hesitated. Not considering whether it was proper or improper, because she was not troubled with conventional scrupleo, which never came in her way, but considering whether sho would liko to go with him whorevor he might take her. On the one hand, it was already half- past three, and tho sun would sot in an hour ; also the streets were noisier than usual. On the other hand, ? there was this tail, strong young fellow to protect her. 1 ' '1 will go with you,' sho said simply. Outside John offored her his arm, and she took it, for the first time leaning on tho protection of a man, so that tho act seemed strange and oven Bacred toh'er. . It meant that while sho was with . him ho was ±0 protect and tako care of her ; and it was tho very first time that any man had offered to take care of her, so that she felt a littlo ? giddy. ' I am not going to drag yon about the streets andjnake you tired,' said John. ' We will take ?'?? 6 hansom and drive to tho West-end, Have you '? ©ver been to Regent-street ?' She shook her head. Already her nervousness 1 W03 disappearing beneath the healthy Btimnlua of a great excitement. Sho, who had lived in .London for seven yoars, had never seen tho 'West-end at all. The cab rattled them along 1 iho noisy streets, whoso noise no longer oppressed her, but filled her with a senso of life and . the excitement of living, The crowd of people, tho ' fihops, some of them already lighted, roused her Out of her apathy. Presently tboy came to Regent- street, and John Btopped the cab. : ' 'How woaro going to walk,' ho said. ~ The walk from Piccadilly to Oxford-circus took them three-quarters of an hour. In tho course . fit the walk John went into several shops. One 1 was a glove shop, where he purchased twelve * pairs of the very best gloves and a glovo- case — Eize of the glove six and a quarter, which was the ? isizd of LeUice'a hand, curiously enough. .Also ho Jbought two or three beautiful silk ties of a pattern '? approved and chosen by Lettice; delighted at . ; being consulted.. After this ho took her to a book shop, and ordered certain books to bo sent (. ?to 'an address -which he wrote down and gave to theshopboY. They came next to a shop which had ladies' hato and bonnet's in tho window. A groat many ladies, chiefly young and pretty, wero gazing with eyes ablazo at the splendors of this shop. John went in and bought a hat and a bonnet, both of tho no west pattern, which ho told Lottico woro for a young lady of hor height, '?' ,80 that if she would try them on no doubt they would fit tho other young lady. Lotticewas so obliging as to do this. Then they went into a \- xnagniGcont groat shop, where John said ho wanted to buy a lady'a walking jacket and a dross roado up. Lettico gave him her advice about this little matter too, and John paid for tho things and loft the address. Then ho took hor ' into a music Bhop and purchased blindly twenty qr thirty pieces wbich tho man informed him woro good. This parcel ' ho carried away with him. And thon ho wont into a jewollor's shop, and LotticeVoyo3 sptirkled with delight. Oh! dreams of Golcondo, what mino3 could hold more precioua things than Lettico? oavj hero ? John bought a gold cross, and a gold chain, and a gold locket, and an cmorald ring, which Lettico put on tho third finger of hor left hand and it fitted beauti fully. And thon John called anotlior cab, aud they drove homo again. ^ ' The streets woro lit up by thfe lime, and Let li\oo looliod upon tho long linoa of lights, with ' houses illuminated from tho lowest story to tho top. NoBhutting up at five o'clock and running away hero. 'Tell me,' raid John, softly— ho had been looking at the f.ico bonido him, as with animated c£ob Lottioa gazod at tho brilliant utrcot — 'toll mo, how long is it sinco you left Grout St. Simon Apostlo and had u holiday V ' Four yearn,' said tho gii I. ' Formerly I nsoil to spend a month every yoar with my aunt at Moulaey Priorif, in Ehhojc, but sho diod, and siuco thon I havo been uowhoro.' ' MouUoy Priors !' It w.'io tho villaso whoro his mothor hud been bora— which ho was going to visit. ' ' ' You lmvo boon a prisoner for four yearn,' ho said, 'Mjbb Laogto'i, will you — will you trust xnoftliUlo?' 'I think I trunt you ft creat deal,' Ehorojiliml. 11 Havo I not truutod you to give me a drivo through nil theco wonderful thing*?1' ' No, 110 ; it is not that, Hut I cannot bear to think of your crocking round and round that ghostly Bijuaru all alono,' ' JJut if I am all alone and cannot liolp it ?' Ho wftu tfolng to say something, but ohookocl hiiutolf with tho thought that tho tiino was uot comeyst, ? ' ;; 'Oh I' sighed tho 15M, ' wo are coming to tho end of enr drivo, Thoro in tho Muimlon llouso ) What la the time, Mr. Ash ton? A' quartor to aix I VTo havo boon out for nearly three hours, And now I havo sot ray silent droning beforo mo, and somehow I do not foal au if I euro for Mill's Kusay on Liberty any inoro to.Jay. Uoro we are ; «t Carmqi Friars 1' ' ; Joliu walked itito llio oourfc -it was dark now, anil moro ghostly than over— with tho girl, ,. .'I cannot atlt you to ootno lu,' sho saIJ j ' i' bat Me, Potuoroy Hkos you to talk to him In , tho.QVoqlng, Hq said 10 tho other day. H9 saW ', wfesn jfitt wont away, 'XUtla asciinlblo youqg , , »*|r, Jbotlloo j Illho him,: Out th6n, largo do fl»«rtUujj~kr|jo doduotloiiB,' Ho mouattUt ho was afraid of liking you too much, you know,, Will you como agaia soon J' 'Will you drivo out with mo again soon?' ho repeated. 'Thh haabcintho most pleasant afternoon in all my life.' ' lias it i' she replied in all innocence. 'So it haa of niioo. Do you think wo can havo another drivo soon, Mr. Auhtoii 1 Bat, to bo sure, you will not want to buy all thoao things again, will you ? What a quantity of things you did buy, and what a lot of money you havo spent 1' ' There is a timo to spond,' said John, quoting Solomon, 'and a timo to Dave. Irockon this ia a timo to spond. Good night, MiB3 Langton.' Ho held hor hand in his for a longer timo aud with a warmer prcssuro than tho mere leave taking altogether warranted. ' Good night, Miss Langton. I forgot to say that — that — in fact, I hoped that you would accopt the littlo things I bought to- day ? ' ' Accept— I— Mr. Aijliton ? Oh J I cannot. All thoao things ?' John Pomoroy was a littlo etaggored. But he would not show tho white feather. So ho returned to tho charge. 'Why, Miss Langton, of courso I bought them for you. In my country, it ayoung lady goes for a drivo with ua, we always buy something to mark tho occasion. Why, when you play these pieces, you. will think of tho walk up Regnnt street'— ho- placod the roll of music in her as tonished hand— 'and when you wear tho gold croag and chain' — ho deftly fastened tho chain round her neck bejForo she could prevent him — 'you will think of our drivo through tho streets and the pleasure it gave mo. And the other things will all be here to-morrow. Of coarse,' he added, ' being a colonist, I must follow tho customs of the country. You forgive me 1' ' Oh Mr. Ashton,' she said. ' To buy all thesa things ; and for me !' Ho pressed her hand again, and was away. I have never heard of that colonial custom ; but one cannot imagine that John Pomeroy in vented it for the occasion. Her pulso bounded and leaped, tho blood ran faster through her veins, her eyes sparkled with a delight sho had never before even dreamed of; she would havo liked to jump up and dance, in only thinking of this unexpected and wonderful drive. Sinbad the Sailor had never seen such sights — Aladdin never got such splendid pre sents. And she had to sit still through tho long dinner, and beat down her joy while Mr. Pomeroy sat over his wiue, facing her, a3 silent as a sphinx, rogardloss of her joys or sorrows. It was but tho day beforo that tho man contem plated, without observing, a drooping flower, a mind already, at nineteen, beginning to turn in ward and prey upon itself. In hia selfish gloom and solitary moods ho had already condemned a bright young girl to four years of imprisonment, and, as ho never thought about tho matter at all, he was quite ready to carry on tho sentonee year by year, till nature made an end. But to-night the girl playing over hor new music, which was bright and joyous, struck some chords in tho man's heart, which awoke unac customed thoughts in him ; and at ton, when she rose to say ' Good night,' he opened his mouth and spoke. ' What was that you were playing 1' ' A new piece, given mo by Mr. Ashton to day ; ho took mo for a drive aud. bought it for me ? ' , ' Ay ! it scorned an old piece. A trick of memory, I suppose, which conjured up tho shadows of the dead. Ashloo, oh? Well, ho is a practical man. He understands things. If money can bo raado in his country ho will make it. Toll me, if you seo him again— when you see him again,' ho corrected himself with a most unusual twinklo in his oyo, ' that I shall bo glad to soo him auy ovoning at six — to dinnor. I shall not send him any other invitation. Good night, Lottico. Sho always professed to bo grateful,' ho sneered. ' Liko all tho re3t— liko all tho rest ! Ready to leavo me for a lovor I Gar ! gratitude ! With hor, aa with everybody olsa— largo deduc tions.' ? Then ho began to smoko, anl Binoked till the clock struck twolvo, whoa ho got up and went to bed. In tho evening tho proseuts had arrived. But among them Lottico failed to find tho locket ami tho omoratd ring ; and nho woud«xcd for whom they woro bought.. ' « Ciiai'xuu III.— Lauok Deductions. Mr. Pomoroy had been a resideut aa well as tho tenant of an ofiico in Groat SU Simon Apostlo for four aud twenty years. Ho camo to tho place a man of thirty, aud called himsolf gonorally an ngent. That is to say, ho was ready to do any kind of busmen ou commission. Mostly hij buaiuesa lay with farmore, for whom ho negotiated loftsoa aud ronowals, bought unohiuory, aud some times uold Btock. Ho was also a houso agout, and as that business is ono which moro than any otUor Bcomo to develop tho auspicious olomont iu hutimn nultiro, it suitod hia tatuniiuo disposition. In tho conduct of hia aflUiw, ho was quick, and entirely trustworthy. Ho nought for no moan or unfair advantage, iicvor imposed, as is tho nnturo of hoimo agents, upon tho igaoraueo or credulity of uuch defenceless mid iunocout poraoiw nn widown, clergymen, ollicora, or authors ; ami kopt hia word liko tho Bank of Unhand. On tho othor lmiul, ho wtiti hard ; it ho had money to rocoivo, those ronlu hud to bo paid on tho dny they woro due. Ho luul t\ largo clicntek, but nut ono Riuglo fvioud ; not ono uuij;lu m:ui, for four ami twenty yearn, had |-asaod from tho iloora of bin oflko to his prlvato rooms. Ho waa not a hermit, because ho wont in and out among men, sometimes diuud iu publio placo.1,. w&s; aoou in places of xoaort, but ho know no 0110, mid opoko to no ono, And ovory evening ho upon! ulouo in lilts own room. Ho profoucd. to despise and mlhtrwtt human nnturo ; ho looked on ovoryouo us a puaalblo kuvro; ho admitted no outhtuU asms, and allowed no dWuJoroited groutttla of any action, howovor Blmnlo. A di^ppatntod and soured man ; a man whoso uaturo,«hvat9 in. olluod to bo suspicious! osaoUug andirrUablo-4n unhappy udturo- had luoclvod somo violent twist at 0110 timo or tlto otbor, It in tl«o course o( builooM & man. was pmtood; it& measuro vm advocAtod; it a work was admlrod j l{ AiiyUilnjj wjui advanced la hU proiQUOp . which toudml to ralso tho oroilU of h uroan naturo, or tho ropuiutlou | of any meu, oouuUy, ot huwaD UwUtuUon, Mr, Pomoroy had ono formofa. On. those' occasions ho would lay his hands upon his Knees, look fiia Companion 'in tho face, shako his head' and mur mur, ' largo deduction!!.'' 80 impressive waa tho voice, and no convinced tho tone, that the speaker seldom had heart to go on, and felt his own en* tliusiaam suddenly grow cold, hia own faitn wavor, Thcro had grown round this uncompan ionable twin among (ho clans who chiefly madaup hia clientele, a reputation for acquaintance with alt kinds of agricultural affairs — machinery, drainage, steam works, crop3, ground, stock — on all thc3C subjects Mr. Poracroy v/a3 an authority. At Islington they followed him round and waited for his fow words, and tho30 who came to hh ofiico had good valuo for their money. Ho had an amazing capacity for business, and wasted littlo money in koeping clerks. Two boys, who received fivo shillings each, and tookturn3to do tho outside work, wero enough for him. All tho rest he managed himself. At this time, his hair, which was short and curly, had gone quite whito ; it was a crisp, defiant kind of hair, which stood up in a thick crop, springing straight from his forehead. Hia eyes were bright and keen, but, perhaps, a little too close together. Hia features were strongly marked ; his mouth firm, and his smooth-ahaven chin sqaarc and long. It was not a face to fall in love with, and it wao a face to Inspire that kind of respect which attaches to strong natures. Beggars, who are great observers and acute physiognomists, felt that it would be useless ask ing such a face as that for charity ; people who go round to offices for benevolent or religious societies camo downstairs from his at once, and without pressing their claims, whefti they heard his ' 15 0' in a deep and decided note ; and children who ask the time, women who ask the way, crossing- sweepers who ply the broom, wero all alike struck silent by the cold sternness of that face. Possibly there might be somo tender spot somewhere in tho heart of 'Largo-Deductions,' buiTno one yet had ever fonnd it oat. Certainly neither Lsttice nor Will Langton. It was, as tho girl told John Pomeroy, seven years since sho had been brought to Groat St. Simon Apostle. A dreadful thing happened to the childron. They lived in a certain market town in E3sox,' not far from the village of Moulscy Priors, the old house of tho Burdacombs. Their father wa3 the manager of tho country branch of a great bank j their house was the upper part of tho bank. One day the father went out after the closing of the bant, as was hi3 custom, but on this day ha did not return. The mother sat up all night waiting in alarm for tho husband who was to como homo no more. And in the morning, they found him lying in a ditch by the wayside — dead. Ho harf killed himself. The mother, weak and ill herself at .the time, died broken-hearted a weak later. For thoro was more than suicide to face — there was disgrace But this the orphans wero partly spared, for Mr. Pomeroy came down from town and took them both away with him. Lattice ha kept in his City house; tho boy he sent to school. ??«*— ???sew-''' ' ' Understand,' he said to Lottico, then a child of twelve, ' that I am not to be disturbed. Thcro is to be no talking and idle chatter. Amuse yourself as best you can. Yoa shall havo masters to teach yau things, but do not talk to me or expect me to amuse you.' So tho girl begarv the saven long silent yeara spent with this man. who never spoko to her oxcept on matters of business. For two yer.rs she and her brother went to spend a month at a certain farmhouse at Moulsoy Priors, where hor aunt lived ; but tho aunt died, and then there was nowhoro to go to. Whsn sho waB sixtcon, Mr. Pomoroy asked her if sha wished to havo any mora teaching. 'Sho did not, sho said ; although that was hardly true, bocauso sho would havo liked tho lessons to continue for tho sake of tho masters' talfc. So thou thcro was nobody at all to speak to. Will, too, was sent for two years' training in Germany, where ho was to qualify himsolf for a foreign correspondence clorkuhip, 1'ancy tho lonolinesa of the girl if you e-\n. Try to understand, tho wild yearning that at times would como over her for somebody to como ; for oomcono to talk to ; for someone to caress ; for something; to happen. No oue, only an auatoro maid and an unsympathising cook, with, by way of aa ostornal friend, tho wholo woman who dusted tho powa and swept the floor of tho Dutch church. No nuu iu any cloiatar could bo moro lonoty: for nuna talk and work with each other ; no prisoner iu a cell could havo been moro lonely, for tho priaonera havo tho chaplain to talk to. Long mjo sho would havo sickened and diod liko a flower shut out from sun and air, but for ouo thiug which mived her. Whou sha waa oiRhtoeu, which was about tho eud of the yoar 187-i, hor brother Will c.uno homo from Germany, hia' education fiaiahed, and w.13 per mitted to spoud ovory Suuday ovouing — Mr. Pomoroy lockud himself up iuhis ollico during tho wholo of Sunday— with hor. Thenceforth tho Sunday ovoiuiiga woro hrtUra saorud. to a (Too* tiou aud talk. She thought boforcuaud what sho would talk about, go 113 to got the most talk possible out 0! tho fow hourts during which her brother -vtvi with hor. Sho studio! what to sny and how to ssy it, so aa to plcaso him ; atio put on her bout thiuga to plonso him ; moro than that, uho gave him thnje-fomtlw of hor monoy to pleaao hiri. Siio clothed him with all tho Ttttuw thai rv boy can posaesu. Ho wivi tho handsomest &tid.; tho uobkut of young moti ; ho waa tho bast aud moat sii)tjUi-hoa-tod of bvothora. Who does uot know tho lou^tU to which a t'oud woman's owwt urny awry hor ? Wdo has not experienced in hl« own lifo Bomothing of thtvUvvotit ddoopUaa! Wo look in tho glass aud wo boo wh»t wo. are. A womau looks at us, aud v»Uo can UU whit Bho bcoh ? , Pur Will Lnugton, too ynang lobe altogether had, wan in a bad way. Be. w*t. inclined (or tho thing* whloh young CUJ1 olerks do w»U to avoid. Ho was idlo, anil toad of pleasure. Ho waa cxlratagivnfc. IIo was wttak ot «ill, audi-wiy influenced, -, It was ou an evouing towards the middi^ot October that tho quiet dwluws of LeUiao Lang* tou's silent lito was dUturbu.1— tbti first timo for' four yours. Bho wm pls^'lug, some old uiuuq in that dreamy, BplrUJcks way vtbidQ was, growing upou hor- d»Uy eating out the hope and vigorot her, youlb. Ho very drcftnn vrara fatnt now— thaso drcttuis ot a poaaiblo aud glorious cU&ugo;— t and there' %ete'momeate fheaTtha' iretnhlei, thiDking ot the -fa&, daik cfaya fccfonj; and the dnfl, dark dsiyi tihinO, ' . ^ It was a cold, rainy erenldg J qj tt& was 6nrn- mgin tbo grate, by; which total. Pomeroy ia his habitaai silence. Ho held a took in hia hand, Bafcfcowaanot reacJiagr, and Ms eyes were fixed upon tho vad coals. He eat thus; sight after night—not' brooding, bccauzo'le waa' ncTer moody or angry, aa is the way wilt men who brood over past misfortunes and' wax wroth over bygone injuries. 16 was his habit. It was also hi3 habit to take ao notice, noi the slightest notice, of th« giil who sat with Mm. They had dined in silence ; in ailerics Mr. Pomeroy took hia cap of tea from the girFa hand; the servants wero below, and the honee was silent ; tho coart was silent; there was no footfall below, no voices in the house, no toV^n of any life bat tho rustling of the girl's dress, and tho distant rumble which was like the beating of (ha wares upon the shore, so far off as to produce no sense of noise, but rather a feeling that it was a part of the universal calm and quiet. Then tho clock struck eight— a dozen clocks are striking together— Biz Ben in the distance, St. Paul's nearer, and all the City churches chiming in— some a little late, so that it was five minuter past eight when every one waa finished. The regular striking of the hours wa3 also a port and parcel of the general stillness. When Bobinson Crusoe felt the ailenco and solitude' of his island most, tho waves T?ere rolling along the shore and tho wind was clashing the boughs together, bat thesa thing3 only struck his ears without his hearing them. . So that when a quick and loud footstep echoed 52--tiie court, followed by a ringing at the door,. both started. ' Who is that, Letticef* asked Mr. Pomeroy. No single evening visitor had eyef come to the place during the four and twenty years of his tenancy. The maid brought op a letter.' . . ' The gentleman is waiting down below, sir. I said that you saw no one in the evening, but he says ho wants you very particular.' ' Hump ! Give me the letter.' He broke the seal and looked at the signaturo. ' It is from old Eli Eamsden, the Quaker, of Monkey Priors. 'What has he got to say to me T ' Dear Friend, John Pomeroy, — Tha bearer of this note, John Ashton, has to ccjjfer with Ihee on practical questiona. It is for thy great good that thee should Eee him at once, see him often, and learn to know him. This in truth, from thy friend, Eu Kahsdes.' 'For my great good? Sco him often? What doe3 Kamaden mean ? Jane, show the yoong man upstairs, into the office. No, here, and light us a fire. My great good! Ah, large deductions — largo deductions ! As if anything could* happen to me now for my great good !' Certainly a good deal might happen to the pale girl before him, who raised her quiet eyes in languid curiosity to seo tho stranger. Doubtless some uninteresting City person — one of those who rushed about all day with eager faces. No ; a young man, who, whatever he was, could not be set down even at first sight as an uninteresting City man. A young man of quite a different style. A tall and brawny young fellow, with clear cut features and steady eyes ; and as ho stood in tho door, hat in hand, Lsttica felt for . a moment as if she had seen him before, some* where — porhaps in a dream. John Pomeroy the younger — it waa he^ — saw beforo him a pale and very beautiful girl rising from a piauofortc, and at the fireside an elderly man, with hard, stem face, and white hairstand iogupall over hia Head in short sturdy curb. Tho room waa plainly furnished, having the girFs piauo, a case of books, and a single easy choir, ia addition to tha customary simple furniture of a sitting 100m. Tho young roan felt a singular emotion. Before him was his own father, whose vwy existence he had never suspected until a few weeks before. . His father j Thoro was but littlo to be mode oat of ounnisea, but ho felt, at first sight, that hia was a father c.npablo of astonishing things in tho way of hardness. That was immediately apjiarent. ' You are Mr. John Ashton?' asked Uio elder man, referring to his letter. ' I am~I sin John Aahten,' h« replied, with a curious hesitation, as if he was nob ccil&ia; whether ho mi^ht not ha somebody else* And again Lattice bad the fooling of having scon him beforo. Tho very voice was familiar. It waa deep and clear, liko tho, toko of l«r gujmlian. 'My old friend,0 here Mr. Pomorey looked steadily at his visitor, 'my old friend, Kli Ramsden, tella roe that yoa wish to see m«» How can I carve you? or, as wa aw men of business, and Hike, t-j call things by their proper names, how can we servo «wh. other t' ' Let us call tbinja by their proper natocd. jTou eon secre no by tc&ohing; me,' ' I am not a private tutor,' 'AudtotjoucAtt»jm me by teaching m-\ Yoa ore, Mr. Ramadan telUme, better aequiunUsl than any living man with agricultural work of all kinds in EnglAnd.1* 'RU iUmsdan is a m»uo! truth,' said Mr. Pouteroy. ' I shouU not have said thai myself. But sinco ho- Sfys U you may accept it,' n' X do aceept it. . I am a eoloutit, elr, not by birth, because I was born in England, bull have passed twtnky«four years out of Ivrenty-fivo and two months in it colony, aud I claim to call mywlf cotaaul bora.4 ' You uwi prou3 of iUw ' '?I am proud' of ilt sir; wo «ro going to be a great country some day.' 'Ah I largo dedactions,' murmured tbo eUor. ?' Well, wo will talk alwul thai another time. I am ot cohere to learn all thai can be known, all that ,#m be taught ruo, to aid' ma on my farm.' , V.YoU have a. farm ? Of your own ?* ? -'lt ia my molheet's, I am her q&ly; bod, and I ant, therefore, in a senso, the ownen' , ,' Aud you hato brought over money? We do nothing hero for Iovn* 'I Ma in commaad of tbreo thousand pounds, most of which. I am to lay out to a-iv5kat*so iu iwplomotttsand stock, but part I may spend upoi mjaelf.** , «' To throw awAj ia what you call tmuec m«nta»'. 'Hopnr; To throw awa.7, In eStieititm^sa endt things as cue can&ot; get ia the 'eoM&ej; 'Shot is my bxmmas Io Bnglaaa. ' Aal »r, Tl&tnidea; ears yon can help aie,* \ ' ?'? ?'*?* ;' *' Ay. I am agent for more thafl -»6; jfcfSFJ ,^f iamnete. Suppose I aa Iielp yea 7* '? ' ?''*'?%' ' Tliea we will make ao arrangement. '- 33u»I$ my proposition ; I will come here tbiter tfigixte a week ; yon snail answer taj questions— #te*s -tell be plenty of tfa*m-aod yoa will U& rat '-wtiat jon know. Thsre is plenty of knowledge in jmr brain if iemgttiLouL Think tim orer* sad! make a proposal as to terms. Job! as nffiW talking to me as fitting orer a, fire.' ' T&r.; Pomeroy was taken altogether abaek, Herf wa8ayoaDg-m3D,whom be ba4 never secafceforei actually proposing to intrude himaelf far ihre- nighu in every week into hif private icwaa; k rob him of hur ttrenty-fiTe jeaxa^erenifig Eileoee? to pnmp him for information j to bore him w^Jl} questions. Ths impacfence of tie ttrc* staa( fj4 him. He looked np and met Ma -ristor'a ( tB gazing fall in hie, and he started asif ia exi ^p pain. 'Yoa say,' he replied, dowry, 'ffiat jflfflf name is John Ashten— John Ashton. 'I sever knew any one of ?that ssae ; and jet yoar eyea sesm familiar to me. I knew a— a psrsttl wiS* the same eyes once ; quits ti» same eyes, X thought that person was in every way to bo trusted. Bat there— the same doll old story— '? the nraal large dedneticm. 5ever toast foapJ' peaxrncea, boy. Never LeHere in joor neighbor.' Fight for your own hand. Praiss nobody. Treat nobody. Ask bo trust of aajfcody. T&ere;, jcj£ hare learned more wisdom from me ia twf minutes than you, hare learned all yoar lifeialb$ colomea.' ' ? ? i ' Perhaps, sir,' the yoanger replied, ' that fa % sort of wisdom which erery man must Lavs fog himself, TM3 yonss kdy woald notbelieraiSaa yet, at any rate. I zxc sore of thai — asy store than I believe U.' ' ' Lettice, who had fcssn dtSiag oa fits mmic^tejj listening1; started. ' No,' she said ; ' I caanoS beKeTe JHat fterf are no good people in the world. I care mst wjij one, at least.' Sfie looked at her gnardiaii, ' Tnsb. ! zumssnse, girl. * What do wfl know!' - , W ' Wfll yoa lake nse, 3fr. Pomeroy T nrged Qt9 young man. ' Yoa shall call me joorpA)fl,yoopt apprentice, anything yoa please ; only tJ-*A mtt Let me come here three nights a week for a ™''tfi or two. Yoa will 5n$ me aa aptpapH-and aresdj? learner ;j only yoa moat let ma come as a foaid asJ aneqoal, else I am afraid my h**»fo nD xsr« prisa you.' ' Why do you want to come 30 moch 5' 'Why? For fifty reasons. Lbteo a mcmeaMi sir. ? Wbal is tho best way cf attractisa eapiJair* . ' ^ *' That fe a broad qaestjem.1* ' No, sir. -I think it is anarrow ooe. ' B is-^ saccess. Now, I believe -are are going to-ssected at last. We are going to beceme the great stock farm for England. I as* over here, partly, to. find out for myself all I -?*?% We haxe tii ^w*% we have the railways, and we have tho feaaia. A« we grow ia wealth, so we shall grow ia greater esteem. I gaess that is sa, sir P* .1 Mr. Pomeroy considered afew nsbaeals.. TkeS te looked op acd said in a low toics, as if he had beea Sgaliag % balUc wiHt histsdf asd bet^ defeated : ' Yoa may come. Begin to-morrow. ITo*£ goodnight.' . , 'Tbank yon, sir, I wiHccase. BntI amcosaiag as a friend, and so, pJeasa iatrodoca B» to. \j»al yoong lady.** . 7 ' T.his yoong lady is my ward, Ifiss LeUicfl' Langtoo.' Tha ycaag maa called Joha . AsEtoa, Vgg out his . land. It was a very preity, \\\oi Iieate liule hand that was pat forih io m )| his grasp. '' I hope we shall be very gacd frieodfl,, IE ^ Laagtaa. ? IkavsnoJttead*,jet-xaLo&dcBk-;*° . * ' Nor have I,' aho marmuwd, TJtea he was goo*. They listened, as ha spJtaEj down the steps four at a time ; they heard tnp shut the doer after hia ; Uoy heard tia &ot-; steps la the coart and down tins Barrow pas^ sa^e of Cancel Friars. !Riea ^wryt&iBg; wa| quiat agtin. 