FICTION. (Vrorn ??tlUr», Aa»rl«an, and orb«* Pcrtodleals. THE MYSTERY ATHERSTONE GRANGE. CHAPTER XX -CContinued) ,__ One tho first people to arrive at the knowledge of what had happened was Allan Temple Ho was very unhappy about Beryl ; more so, indeed, than the oiroumstanoes under whioh ho had left her soomed to warrant. True, her escort had suddenly disappeared, but she was SB safe as thought Graham Gareon were on board. She had her young companion with her, and her nearest relatives would meet and welcome her at her journoy's end. She would feel strange and lonely, but the passengers all sotmed pleasant people, and the captain had Grown up daughters of his own, and was a kind fatherly man, and .would tako care of her. She was provided with every comfort that oould bo thought of, and tho voyage promised to be swift and pleasant. AH these things notwithstanding,'his heart sank lower and lower with every passing day, with an undefinable, unconquerable dread. He had a reason for his fears, known only to him ~self-a reason of which he could not speak at present-and be was thinking sadly of this when he passed Mrs Dalton'» house and saw the drawn blinds and closed shutters. Hannah was cleaning the doorway, when ho carne up, and saluted him respectfully. " Good morning, Mr. Temple." "Good morning, Mannah What has happened, eh ? Any of the lodgeis ?" He glanced up at the darkened windows as ho epoko. ""'>,' frhj no, sky worse than that." "Ç&ofyd.; #re?\Daltà3ssjs safe^and well, I trust?" " Oh,s yes, sir, missis is well, thank you-a little low and queer Uko, which is but to be expeoted. There's news oome." -" News-from whom ?" " Well, I can't rightly say, sir ; from some- where where the ship stopped." " The ship-the Psyche ?" " Yes, sir, but you've no oall to be frightened, sir/' she added, as Allen Templo, feeling as though the world wero suddenly ooming to an end, oaught hold of tho railings for support. " It aio't her, it's Miss Ursula." " Miss Ursula !" His voice sounded to himself like that of some- one a long way off, thiok and unintelligible, the siokening dread had been so great. " Yes, sir," the girl went on, deßisting from her cleaning, and sitting upon her heels to give full effeot to her words, " poor Miss Ursula's gone, died quite sudden like four days after they started, and was buried in the sea. Isn't it shooting, sir ?" "It is indeed," replied Allen, conscious of being very little shocked indeed, in tho revul- sion of feeling caused by her words (He had dreaded he soaroe knew what.) " But aro you Bure the news is true ?" " Quite, eure, sir. Missis, she showed me the letter. It -was from a Dr. somebody, and told all about if. Missis didn't feel as she oould talk to people, you sec, and she wanted me to do it for her." " I understand. But, Hannah, was there no lotter from Miss Äthers tone ? No word of how she was ?" " Law, yes, sir ; the gentleman said she had 'borne tho shock-and it must have been an awful one, poor thing-much bettor than anyone oould have expected, and then there was a little bit on the outside of tho letter that she wrote! herself, saying she wasn't ill, to speak of, only frightened and low." " No * wonder, poor darling !" said Allan. " I am sorry indeed to hear of what has hap- pened. I should like to see Mrs. Dalton, Hau- nah." " Missis said she wouldn't seo anybody, sir." " Ask her, if you ploase, to see me, for a fow minutes ; I will not' distress her by staying long." , Hannah went on her errand, and Allan waited in the hall. A strange fear had oome upon him that something had happened to Beryl-that Hannah had kept back something; it seemed so strange that she had not written to him. He had the best right in all the world to oom fort hor/and the same ship would have brought him a letter. Presently Hannah oame back, and ushored him into the presence of her mistress. Mrs. Dalton had at first replied to his request with a curt refusal, but had recalled the girl to alter her message, and bring Him in. She looked sterner and h&der; than ever, ho thought, ae he entered the darkened room, where she sat ; the dead blaok of her dress, unrelieved by any traoe of white, and her faee looking drawn and haggard. He made some agitated apology for intruding, but she stopped him with a wave of her hand. "You have a perfeot right to know every- thing there is to tell, Mr. Temple," she said. " I persume Hannah has told you--" .=. f' Of your-great sorrow. Yes. I need not Bay how truly grieved-I-am." "You are very kind. It has made my old ago friendless and lonely. But talking of it is useless, it will not bring my Ursula baok. You are anxious to hear how Miss Atharstone is, of course ?" , " " I am, indeed," he replied, wondering at her tone, whioh was repellant and defiant, as though ehe would wrestle with her grief, and show it only in scorn of aught else iu the world. " Here is all that I oan tell yon," she said, putting the letter into bia hand; "all the tidings that carno to me. You see, Miss I Atherstone herself says she is well." Allan could soaroely read tho few words Beryl had added to Dr. Twist's letter The agitation with whioh they were written had made them almost illegible, but he knew hor hand- writing. Ho thanked Mrs. Dalton, and went away, greatly relieved," and not wondering so much that Beryl had not written to him. " Poor darling 1 I shall hear by the first mail," he thought, and went his way to the plaoo whether ho was bound when he notioed Mrs. Dalton's closed windows. It was to watch by the bedside of a sick man that Allen Temple was going-a man whose sickness he had lighted upon strangely and suddenly, and from whose lips he would have given half his fortune to hear a dozen sensible words. CHAPTER XXI. AN OLD BOAB. . There's nothing ill cm dwell In snob a temple ; If the ill spirit nave so fair * home, Great things will strive to dwell with It : -Shakespeare. " What's troubling you, Twist ?" "Nothing." " YeB, there is." " What makes you think so?" " Several things. You didn't oat your din- ner, you hadn't a word to say at dcBaort, and I oan read worry in evory line of your faoe at this minute. Why, you're pulling away at a oigar that haBn't a spark of light in it, now, and if that does not argue a preocoupied mind I don't know what does " < " I am worried-about this death." "It was all right, wasn't it ? You were quite sure how it happened ?" " Certain. I did not say one word in my re- port that wasn't Gospel truth. Ana yet I can't help feeling Uko a man who has left something undone." " You'vo got the blues, Twist," and Captain Bolton gave his friend a hugo olap on the baoki " Come down, and have a ' nip.' " The worthy captain had ftadod to Scotoli shores ia his time, and had acquired the habit of oalling his small drains by'tho north country word for «¡hem. " I don't mind if I do. But 1 don't fanoji your physio willaura «ÍB^ Bolton. I'm thoroughly out of sorts." i " I don't foel over bright myself. In all the years I've been at sea, I never had a death in any ship I've oommanded. It's a deuoed uu oomfortable thing " Captain Bolton's oabin was a very oomfortable place. His wife and daughters delighted to visit his ship when he was in England, and furnish it up with all sorts of nice little con- trivances for his oomfort and enjoyment; and the spirit flasks and liquor glasses he produced from a hidden looker would not have disgraced the handsomest house in England. " I don't feel happy over this affair," the oap tain said, when they had sat down. " I have not looked after those girls as I ought to have done. I left them to the stewardess. I never do go near the ladies when they are ill, unless they send for me. 1 oan't cure thom, and they are best let alone " " And J had no idea there WSB anything more than ordinary the matter," said' the doctor! "It is a miserablo business." I " Soems to me it's getting cloudy, Twist. Has that poor lass taken the sunshine below with her, I wondor ?" It was getting cloudy, but not rough as yet, and there was a moaning sound among the ropos over head, whioh sounded ominous. " I'll go up" the captain said, " and take a look at the weather. Como in." For a light hand had tapped at the door, and the stewardess appeared. " What's tho matter ?" the doctor asked. " I shall bo glad if you'll oome to the young lady sir-Miss Athorstone, I mean," she replied. " She seems vory poorly." "What ails her?" " Hysterics, sir. She's quite worn out, aod I don't know what to give hor. Brandy only seems to make her worse." " Ah, don't give her any moro. I'll como to her directly, and bring something with mo that will do hor more good." He was in Beryl's cabin in a very few minutée, with a phial in his hand She was looking very ill, and was tossing about in a half-delirious state in her berth. Her beautiful hair was all looso, and lying in dishevelled masses on the pillow,' and, hard as the doctor seemed towards hor, he oould not help admiring her rare beauty. It was scarcely a loveablo or affectionate faoo now that Beryl waa only partially oonsoious it might be that the charm whioh had made her alike loveablo and lovely had been entirely | in an expression whioh she oould assume or dis- card at will It was gone now, and a hard, I stern, unyeilding face, whoso beauty was of fea-' turo and outline only, was beforo him. I " How she's altered poor thing, poor thing !" he said to himself. " Sorrow is no beautifior,' that's oertain. And, by Jbvo, how the,weather is altering, too !" ¡ The Boa was dashing against the side of tbo ship now, and a sudden lnroh had nearly sent him out into tho saloon, and on to his baok. He felt quite troubled about Beryl, and called to the stewardess " She must not be left," ho said. " So it seemed to mo, sir," the woman re- plied. " But I've so many ladies ill yet, that I oan'tslay with her" " Ah, send forward for someone from the fore cabin there-> the woman who did the other business here. She seems handy and olean." " Yes, sir " But Beryl had caught the sense of what they were saying, and lifted her head to stare wildly at them. " Not her," she said, in a voice that was half a eoream. " Anybody but her. I oould not bear it." " My dear, ehe was a very tidy, nice woman," Dr. Twist said, putting her back on the pillow again " I know no one on board more suitable " " But she was with her after she died She touohed poor Ursula when she was oold in death I should see her dead face every time that woman comes near me. I should feel her cold hands ever; time those fingers, so fresh from her oorpßo, carno near me." Tho gasping voice rose to a scream cow, arid the hysterioB oame on again with fresh violence. " Highly wrought stato of the nerves," Dr i Twist said. " Put lier hair baok, stewardess. It is getting in her eyes. That will do. Why;1 what ÍB this ?" ' i A iong, ragged soar, looking like a just-healed soratoh, was visible on the left temple of the half unooDBoious girl. " How did she do that? Has she had a fall?" " She struok her head the other night, sir, but it only made an old plaoe burst out afreBh. She wouldn't let me toll you, only' fetoh her I some water to wash it with. It was always troublesome, she said " " An old soar," the dootor SBid, looking olosely at the curious soratch, whioh seemed to bo festering, and was vory muoh inflamed. "Itis odd" Beryl waB lying quite quiet now, seemingly half-asleep, and Dr Twist told the stewardess that he should leave her for the present. " We are going to have a nasty storm, I think," he said ; " and some of your ladies will want a draught, or I am very muoh mistaken. I will make up one or two to give you I never saw women so persistently siok as some of them are." " I think it's because they won't try to getj np," the stewardess said, shortly. "They won't even try to get aljreath of fresh air, and it would be the best thing for them. The sickness is all over at the other'end, and I verily believe it is because the passengers there are obliged to get up/» whether they like it or not." " Wo could hard\ enforce such a rule among people who pay high rates for passages," said Dr. Twist, smiling.- "It is neoeseary among suoh a class as "We havo in the steerage yonder. A pretty state wo should be in, in a few hours, if sanitary' measures were not pretty strictly enforced." " , , " I've got one or two in here that want sanitary measures worse- than - the steerage folk," the stewardess said, indignantly " Dainty, lazy, helpless things. I'd dip 'em in tho sea, if I had my-way witnVem." > Dr Twist laughed, and went (is way to his own sanctum, and &tMHl; everything wonderfully ohanged in tb^ihojfwtaá-he bad been below. The passengers hairvanished, and-the oaptain was walking on his bridge, like a huge amphibious animal, in mustard-coloured waterproofs and sou' wester. The sea was dashing against the ship in omi- nous waves, that sent the Psyoho, big vessel though she was, through the water in sidelong jerks, and the wind had ohanged its whistle to a roar, that-made hearing anything said next to an impossibility. > " Where away, Twist?" shouted the oaptain, seeing his friend walking for the forepart of tho vessel, in a series of lurohes, oatohing at all things he passed to steady himself. . ¡ The doctor's reply went miles out to sea on the wings of the wind, but not a word roaohed Captain Bolton's ears, who laughed and shook himself, and tried no more. He saw the dootor go back presently, piloting a rosy-faoed, but extremely staggering young woman, whom he propeiled into the ladies' oabin head first, as it seemed to those who woro looking on. " Ah, more help wanted I suppose," the oap- tain said to hitaself " This breeio has stirred 'em up Hold on,* Twist," for the dootor was Eorambling up in a very safe, but extremely un- dignified manner. " That's it. Hero you are. Dirty-looking ain't it ?" " Very," said tho doctor, shaking himself, as a bigger wave than before struok the ship, and gave them a shower bath unexpectedly. " And oomo at the wrong time, Tho lads don't like it." " No, they seem to think it haB something to do with the death. Thoy havo been relieving their minds in the foreoaetle with the most dis- mal stories of wreok and disaster they oan invent ever since the funeral this morning." " And there are some good romancers arning thom I'll baok that hoary-headed old sinner., Bill Grimes, to tell the tallest lies in the way of yarns that ever issued from the lips of a sea faring man, and that's not saying a littlo. Why Bill rode, I'm afraid to say how many miles, on the baok of the sea serpent onoe, and is alive to toll it." " Ay, and caught a mermaid off the coast of Fiji. I've hoard of that yarn and what became of it myself," said Oaptain Bolton, laughing. " By Jove ! hore it comes, Twist Tarn your back to it and hold on And there's Mrs. Braham flat on her back on the deck, aa sure as I'm a living sinner," he added, just before the wind and driving rain carne upon them with a rush and took all the breath out of their bodies for a moment It passed over-a roaring blast of fierce wind, and a rush of beating rain-and then the ship righted again, and seemed to shake herself, like some huge animal, and settle to her work onoe more The rain poured down in a hissing tor- rent that made the waves Bend up thousands of bubbles to meet the drops, but the euddon storm had spent itself, and tho ship was going along comparatively steady._ I Dr. Twist scrambled down, and hastened to the assistance of the unfortunate stewardess] who was, as the oaptain had said, " flat on her back " She had emerged from the saloon at an untoward moment, just as the sharpest gust of the squall struok the Psycho, and over sho went. She was not hurt, but she presented ct most woeful appearance, as, gasping ana draggled, she shook the wet off her petticoats, and thanked the dcotor. I .>.-" What on earth did you want ooming oat' just theo ?" he asked, smiling, involuntarily, at her rueful appearance j " I wanted you, sir. I oouldn't keep 'em, quiet anyhow. They all think'thoy are going $0 the bottom. Hark at them !" " Ah, sounds like a wild beast show," said Dr. Twist, as shrieks and moans greeted his ears from all quarters. " I'll see to them, Braham. You go and get into something dry. You're like a drowned rat. "How's Miss Ather stone ?" ; " Fast asleep, sir " " The only thing to do her good. I'll go the round of the ladies. There won't be any more tossing this time-the wind has changed-to tell them this will do them more good than any physio When you are dry, and oan spare a minute, I want to speak to you." But it was quite lato in the evening before, Mrs Braham oould find time to wait upon tho dootor. Though the Psyche had steamed out of tho track of the storm, and the sun had set upon a oalm sea and cloudless sky, some of the ladies persisted in their fright and eioknosa, and kept her running about, till she was fairly " off her legs," as she deolared to her colleague the B toward. When she did go up to find the dootor, he was Bitting on the poop, enjoying a cigar. " Sit down here a minute, Braham," he said i " I don't want to take you down into my cabin, and make a mystery .of what I, have to ask you It might be noticed in the very quarter where it would do miiohief." " Just so, sir," said Braham, wondering what on earth the dootor WBB driving at. " What did you want to know ?" " I want to know all about the soar on Miss Atherstone's temple." "I don't know anything about it, sir, but what the young lady told me herself." "When did she do it?" " She burst it open afresh the day before yostorday. But she says it is a very old ono " " Tho day before yesterday is about the ago of it, Braham. How did she manago to soratoh an old placo open in that strange w_»yj" " She fell in her own stato room, sir, and toro tho skin against a broken naj>th&t; was stioking out of the corner of.her «jtielf. Sho" told me about it, and "showed -nie wliere jhe blood had gone on the self. She said I was busy at the time, or sho should havo sent to you for somo plaster." "What did she do to it?" " Put some eau-de-oologne on it, she says. It must'have smarted terribly." "Miss Atherstone is a courageous young lady," was Dr Twist's rather curious remark in reply to Mrs Brabam's story " What else has she told you about the soar ? Tell me everything you oan remember, if you piesse." I " There isn't muoh to tall, sir," replied Mrs Braham " It waa a out got in a theatre when the young lady was a little girl. She was an aotress, it seems, till »his great fortune carno to her." s ^ *, " Yes, I know. S»t faot is publie property enough So she'gof «hat out in a theatre, and remembers when and Where, does she, Braham ?" " Oh, yes, sir. She must have been about eight or nine years old from what she sayal Something fell down on her from above, and she was nearly' killed. She says now she is glad there was a soar left, for that it will serve to show people who she is when she meets anyone that knew her when sho was a child. It's a for- lorn thing for her, going to a strange home alone, isn'tit?"' " I think Miss Atherstono will able to bear it," replied Dr. Twist. " Thank you, Mrs. Braham. I will get Miss Atherstone to let me look at that out the next time I see her." | But Beryl made up her mind that the dootor should do no suoh thing, when the stewardess told her of the questions he had asked " It's quite well now, and I am not going to have it dootored," she said, and dressed her hair BO as to bovor it completely, She was very muoh botter, and tho services of tho woman from the fore oabin were . dispensed with'w'hèn1 she got up. ' c Dr Twist was strangely silent indeed for two or three days after the burial of Ursula Bhodes, and tho storm whioh followed it. Ho smoked with the gravity and pertinacity of a Gorman, and was particularly silent.. Something was the matter, evidently, but it was hard to guoss what and he was not eommunioative *n the subjeot. "I'm trying to to think out ^something," ho said, " to solvo a problem in my own mind, that is all," ho said, when Captain' Bolton rallied him on his gloom and abstraction. " Anent what ?" i5 "That dead girl." O' 3 "I wish she,had siJayed in Molbourne, and died there, with''.all my heart. She seems to haunt you, Twist. " She does. Did you ever see her faco pro- perly, Bolton ? I mean to mark it thoroughly ?" "No; not till she was dead, poor thing!" " Then you oan't holp mo. Well, well, time will show " Whatever the dootor's perplexity was oonoorn ing Ursula Rhodes, it did hot seem likely to be solved now ; but, as there sometimos flashes into the mind/like a lightning dart, a knowledge that wo haye beorijwifiying aftor for a long time in vain, so tho s&ufton; "of the doctor's puzzle flashed into his mind as ho sat watching the .attiüg sun one bright, balmy evening, as they were nearing the end of their voyago CHAPTER XX\i. LAND AT IiAgT. Land is proclaim*, <is a glorious sound 1 You gallant vessel li ?homeward bound, See on he' dock gn> »umbel's pour, Seeking a glimpse of their native shore. -Hernani Dr. Twist was thinking of tho dead girl as ho watched the sun go down into the waves-think- ing, perhaps, of her brief, suddonly-onded life, and of the witohing beauty of the face ho had helped to oompose for its lasib,sleep among old ooean's treasures-for Ursula Rhodes had looked very beautiful in death, more so than sho had ever appeared in life-tho hard expression had gone out of her face, and the glitter out of her eyes. It was these eyes-largo, soft, and wido open as he had seen thom when he was summoned to her bedside-that Dr. Twist seemed to see in his walking dream now. Beryl was sitting at a little distanoe from him, very palo and still, but quiet,and oomposed now. All her wild excitcmont had passed away with return of her strength and "tho settled weather, and although she rarely entered into conversation with any of her fellow-pasBengers, she was by no means sad and depressed She seemed to have grown older sinoe her bereavement, and to havo changed from a girl into a women. The ladies in the saloon thought her proud, it seemed so strange that sho should never speak of either her past life or her future prospeots, and they talked about her a good deal among them- selves Beryl never hoeded them. Sho was mostly alone, as Dr. Twist saw^bp now, and ho sat rogardingier with a queer^puzzled look. " What is it that I oanjarot read ?" he asked himself ad ho watohed tie slight figure in its black draperies 'i'&m; bnginnnig to think I'm a monomaniac, andithat thoVubjeot of my dis temper is Miss Beryl Atherstono" Let mo think I saw those two girls together onoo-both with their faces distinctly. I saw one dead not long since. I see the other living before me now. Great Heaven !" ho exolaimed, suddenly start iûg as if stung by some sudden pang " I see it now ! I know ! I recollect ! '. Tho boy Blogg was light-the Psyoho is haunted, and by a ghost that is a herald of a tMriblo/tissue of evil." Beryl was lookirig4£raigbt.a,t_him, with all the light of her beautiful eyes come back to them, and a wistful look in her pretty faoe. She did so muoh wish to oonoiliato Dr. Twist, and for Borne reason or other he was so hard to her. And so the days wore on, and tho Psyohe's voyage grew to bo nearly over, and the passen- gers began to rouse themselves, and to cast aside tho bored ennui whioh had crept over them, in the prospect of soon setting foot on land onoe more. The dingy deshabille of the long voyage was consigned to the limbo of boxes and earpet bags, or given to the stewardess (who is usually endowed with enough old olothes to sot up a wardrobe shop at the end of a long voyage), and ladies who had hitherto deolared themselves1 dying began to think of ouffs and collars, and all thó .nameless etttterat whioh ate burdens too great to wear while the ship is tossing and heav ing a thousand miles away at sea. Beryl alone seemed little exojted by the ap- proaching phange The idea or sighting Eng land was rather depressive than otherwise ; to land alono vyithout a friaffd near her-to be welcomed to Na honiajsheitad never seen, the sound of whasasnams had a painful association for her -with no mother's loving voice to enoou rage her-no father's hand to sustain her, was a dismal prospeot, whioh might well have dis- couraged a stouter heart than hors. She speculated earnestly on what her un- known relatives would bo like, and how they would reçoive her-whether with grave courtesy, or gonial afieotion ; but thero was a secret tri- umph in her heart at the thought of Atherstone Grange. " Thoy must reoeive me well ;" she thought, I am going home, to my own." Captain Bolton warmed to a now interest in his lovely passenger as the nearod home. Ho had a wife and a fair young daughters anxiously waiting for his return, and he begged Beryl if, by any ohance, her relations did not oome to meet hor, to oome home with him until she had oommunioated with them. " Mrs Bolton would be very glad to see you, my dear/' he said. " Excuse my being so fami- liar, but yon seem almost like one of my own girls " . " You are very kind," Beryl faltered, *' and I wish I had a father like you, Captain Bolton ; but they are almost sure to meet me. I'm not muoh afraid on that score, but I'm very lonely -very." " Of course you are, and no wonder ; but you wont't be lonely long. Miss Atherstone, with á fortuno and a fine estate, needn't go begging for friends." "For flattterers and'toadies she needn't," said Beryl sadly. " They always haunt wealth I'm afraid I shall not find many suoh friends as you have been to me- Heigh oh ! I some- times wish I were tho^íd Beryl Atherstone once moro, getting my living on the boards, acd with no duties save to the generous publio, who always had a smile for me. You knew I was aa actress, didn' t you ?" " I did. Your story was the least bit ro- man tio you know, and auch things booomopublio property in no time." " Ah, I wonder what the people I am going to will think of it all. My mothar brought me up to believe that the stage was'a honourable pro- fession. I hour that these AtherstoneB look upon ao tors'and actresses at'lost souls, and the stago door of a theatre as the entranoo to the pit of Tophet" - j " I cxpeot they will find it expedient to for- get all their prejudices, and to condono all the heiress's shortcomings in that respeot," said the captain, smiling " There's the first sight of England, Miss Atherstone " " Where ?" exolaimed Beryl, with eager, exoited eyes, rising and ooming forward to see what ho pointed at. " There, on the port-that long lino of white with the sun shining on it. Looks like a good omen, don't ifc?" ^ " What is it ? What plaogi í was so young when I left that ali tb^ÇiigUah coast seems like an ill defined dream to me " "" " That's the Lizard. The Land's End is away yonder-west nor'-west. Wo don't sight that if wo oin help it-it's not a healthy place for ships. Wo shall pass the Start and Portland Bill in tho night,and to-jooprrow morning, please God, will put you all asnoro at Southampton." " And I shall be the forlornost girl in all England," Beryl said, giving him tho full bone fit of her eyes. " I wonder whether wo shall ever moot ogain." " I hope so, I'm sure. Don't you, Twist ?" Tho dootor had oome up to whoro they wore talking, and stood eying the Liaard, glass in hand " " Miss Atherstone is wondering whother we shall meet again. I'm sure I hopo we shall ; tho commencement of our acquaintance has been unfortunate, but I should he sorry if it wore to drop " ,. Dr. Twist looked his* very stiffest as ho replied that it was extromely improbable he should ever see the lady any moro, and his tone unmistake ably inferred that ho did not wish it. She could not win him, try as she would, and Captain Briton puzzled himself not a little about it. On the very last night of the voyage, whon every lapping^ave that touched tho Psy- cho's side seemed a welooming voioe to England, he asked his friond once moro what tho heiress had done to offend him. "Nothing," was the laconic reply. " You spo'ak to her with puoh studied coldness. Have you quarrelled ?" / " I havo hardly been; intimate enough with the young lady tcKqnarrel with her " "I was hoping yoil'd have voluntoered to take her to her people, supposing they aro not forth- coming when wo lond." " I should prefer not to interforo in her affairs in any way." ,, " By Jove, what a tone 1""*. " And I have pressing business of my own to attend to whioh will toko meraway at once." " 3o havovI busfJ^eBSjTbut if no one moots that poor young thing, I shall put it aside and iee her safe to her journey's end. You're al¡ most suro to meet her again sometime, Twistl You go to Warwickshire protty often, don't you?'\ v ! " I Kopo I never shalL- "If I thought it likely, I would never se^íoot fa Warwickshire again never.1' "* " ^-v, j " Twist !" ' I " Oh, I'm not mad; you noodn't stsro at mo like that. I wish- and you'll wisbTit too some- time, /nark my words-that this girl and her expi-'Ototiona had never set foot on board the Psyche " " I can'tundetstand you. You must bo losing your senses " " No, I'm not. Mark me, Bolton, so suro as we hear of Beryl Athorstone again, so euro we shall hear of misory and trouble attached to her name." " Twist's going to havo a fevor, or some- thing," soliloquised the oaptain, as they parted for the night. In tho morning, Beryl's eyes opened on the green hills and white cliffs of the Isle of Wight on one side, and the busy, bustling harbour of Southampton on the other. She had lain awake tossing and wishing for tho light till nearly dawn, and feeling although she should never olose her eyes more, ana then, when she seemed the wakefullest, sleojF carne upon her suddenly, cfs, it does to ortmnals before the scaffold or the radk/ianox. she slept heavily, dreamlesely till it was broad daylight, and nearly every one WBB aBtir." _ " You're being asked for, miss," said the stew ardess, when she brought Beryl a oup of ooffee " Will you get up ?" \- " Who ia asking fo^me? Where ?" " A Lady and two gentlemen, on deck, miss You'd better let mo help you dress. Your hands seem to shake* a bit." "YBB; I'm nervous; it is all BO strange What is tho lady like?" " A handsome lady,_miss-motherly-looking and so kindly like." " That must be my aun,t," gaid Beryl thought- fully. "Are' ^he giutlcayfô as nioe, Mrs. Bra- ham ?" . ^ \ I " Oae is very handsome, miss-he's the lady's, son I hear The other is quite an old man, with white hair. They say he is Mr Carson's father, and he seems to be in great trouble. I heard tho captain telling him that all his luggage was ou board, and that his remaining behind was oertainly an accidont." "Of course it was, and a vory awkward-' one. He will be sure to oomo by the nexvÄ ship" " ? " That's what the oaptain says, miss ; but the poor old gentleman don't seem to believe it somohow." " I'm so sorry, poor old man," said Beryl. " It is a miserable thing for him to bo BO, disap- pointed, though I oannot think* that anything hsB bappcncd\to his son beyond mero detention. I wonder if my^aunt&^l eo<fte down to see me I suppose she t'nmy Irani-Ï'Should like to lee her before I go on deck." " Come down !" said tue stewardess with a smile. " Why, bless your heart, miss, I have had hard work to keep her from coming before. There she is, in tho saloon, this minute." Almost before Beryl had time to spaak, she waa olasped in the arms of a kind- looking, middle-aged lady, riohly but plainly dressed, who kissed her over and over again, and oalled her " her poor ohild, her dear Beryl "_r ' It was very pleasant, this dreaded meeting, and teare stood1 in the girl's eyes, as she returned the oaress. l " I should have known you anywhere for an Atherstone," the lady said. " Can you guess who I am, my dear ?" " My aunt," faltered Beryl. ", Well, hardly-oousin would be nearer the mark ; but oall me aunt if you like it better." " Oh, I do, I do It seems nearer to mother, and I have lost my mother," 'Beryl said, with a fresh burst of teeni '\^ , "'" " I know, x* know, aear. ** We will not speak of that now. You shall tell me all aboutit when we arc comfortably settled at Atherstotfl. What a terrible voyage you seem to have had. The oaptain has been telling me all about yo4t misfortunes " \L< " Yes ; wasn't it dreadful ?" paid the gi«^ with a shiver. " First, Mr. Carson eeemed_to dosert me, and then poor Ursula. I thought I should have died too." "\ " Wo will try and make you forget all about suoh wretched thing's now, my ohild," Mrs. Atherstone said " Come and be introduced to your Cousin Noel There's a warm weloome waiting for you, I eau assure you." " It seems too good to be true," said Beryl smiling, though her eyesjvére full of tears. " I hope it isn't aU^dretfm, and I shall wake at Melbourne, in tpytold-ybusy life, or out at sea all alone with my dreadful-sorrow." " It's no dream, my dear. A fortune and a homo are waiting for you hero. I only hope you may bo long spared to enjoy them." Beryl's toilet was finished now, and her aunt put her arm round her and led her on deok. A very handsome young man, strikingly like herself, save that he had dark eyes and com- plexion, sprang forward to meot them. ; " Is this my cousin, mamma dear ?" holding out his hands. " Yes, my boy, here sho is. Beryl my love, this is my son, your oousin Noel." Beryl's bands were taken warmly, and the handsome face, with its earnest, loving eyes, was bent down to hera till the full rod lips touched her forehead " Weloome to England, dear oousin," the young man said. " Sho is hor father own daughter, is sho not?" Mrs. Athorstone remarked. " A true Athor- stone." " She is wonderfully like the old squire," her son replied. " I hardly remember my oousin Leonard, you forgetful old lady. Why, I was only about two, or thereabouts when he left» Atherotono for good." " To bo sure ; what was I thinking about ?" said the lady. "Mr. Carson! this is Miss Atherstone ?" / " You need not havo told nie that ; her faoe proclaims it," said jbho lawyer. "I am very glad to seo you, my dljsfy though my anxiety re- specting my poor boy makes my greeting some« thing uf a sad one. The news that he was not on board with you has boon a terrible shock to me ; and at my time of life a shook is a 'bad thing." Beryl's sweet tones and gentle words went far to rcassuro the old lawyer. She told him how his son had been Burntíonod to speak to some one that was all ; how holwas quito well and in good spirits, and certainly had not"-an enemy in Melbourne who could wish to detain him. Her words and manner did more to ohoer_tho old man than a whole yolumo of sympathy and assurance from anyone else, and he roused wonder* fully undor her influence. JThe party asked Captain Bolton toMinp with thom, but he de- clined with oordial 1 thanes. His wife would wanthim, ho said, tho minute he could loavo the Psyohe ' _ _'_} Nor would Dr. Twist aooept of any hospitality at the han'ds of the heiress and her friends. % Ho declined tho invitation in a manner more ourt than polite ; and NooKAthorstone set him down as the most disagreeable man he had ever sotffa " My business wtflx&ke;'.mo away at once," IfT said, " so I must beg you to exouse me. I have prepared a written statement of all I know con- cerning tho death of Miss Ursula Rhodes. May I beg you to keep it, madam." " But I don't want to know any more about it," Mrs. Athorstone said. "The poor thing was nothing to us ; and wo will send her things baok to her fi ianda when we got home." " I think it would be wiso to keep the paper, madam. Good morning, madam ; good morning, Miss Athorstone. I oongratulato you on your safe arrival, and the old Psyohe hero on having brought us all alivo and woll to England onoe more." "Is ho oraay?" asked Mrs. Athorstone, looking after his retreating figuro. " What a disagroeable, impertinent man/' " I've thought him so alUfnrough the voyage, auntie dear," said Bery. '(Captain Bolton says he means overytàingJtfndlj.; but if he does bo hes the queerest "wly^f »howing it I ever CHAPTER XXIII. BAOK FEOM THE JAWS OF DEATH. *. There's no such thing as certainty, that'* piala, In «or of mortality's eondltions. _ Mrs. Atherstone was looking-at. he»_neu» when Dr. Twist put the folded paper into, her hand, and toas not a little suWiaed to see her turn ashy pale. v s \T" "My^íaearohildAhatjía the matter ?" BB« asked " Are you iff?" N " No, auntie," she replied. " Why V\ , . "You look dreadfully," the hdy said^-iw though you were going to faint." ' <yL "I don't faint often," Beryl retnraed.jP'I was thinking of poor Ursula, and allittttt'nfiser able time. I feel as though I never should gat over it." ' < ' J»l "Ah, ycB, you will, dear. We will make jou forget all about it when wo got you to Lil- lington with us." «Lillington!" " Yes, your own village. Don't you know Atherstone Grange is close to it ? You will regin a queen there, I oan tell you. Did 3»,, Graham Carson not tell you the namo of the u place?" , ... "Of oourso ho did," replied Boryl, with a emile, " but I seom to have been so worried and ' bewildered ever sinco I flaw him first, that things have gone out of my head. You know I I* was in dreadful trouble when he found mo . Mamma-" \- . She put her handkerchief to her faoe, and her vi'&ant; gave her a caressing kiss. " I know-I know, my dear. Graham tele >n .graphed to his father. You shall tell us all ' about it when you feel able." She put the paper in her pockot ss she spoke, *' Beryl" regarding it with a ourious look, as ^though she would fain have seen its oontents. *'* "I wonder What made Dr. Twhit think of writing it all down," she said. -(, j"tjjjnjc. it was very nice of him to do so . It will save you a great deal of painful explana- tion." . " It was the only wise thing he did in the *; matter,,thon," Beryl said with a short laugh, ' and an unpleasant look on her pretty face. -" He didn't make himself agreeable to me in any way." Mr. Carson- carne up as he spoke, and hinted that, they had better get aßhoro. There was a pained, drawn*look on his faoe, which made him seem as if ho had suddenly grown ten years ,, -oidor. Beryl laid her hand on his arm. u " "T am so sorry for you," she said : " but I am sure you will hear of Mr. Carson by tho next-mail Everyone says it was acoidont that 4etaioed him A message fctohed him away at j -the very last moment, and it was believed he had * returned, or I am suro Captain Bolton would f have waited to enquire." *1 , "I am sure ho would,~my dear," the old man *_' ''replied.' .' I've just been hearing all about it v''Jfrom him' No one is to blame, and I will try to hope it is all right : but I am full of torriblo misgivings. Who oould send bim a message in a 1 place where he knew no one-a message, too, J1 of such importance as to make him leave you at T' suoh a time? I am afraid something has hap- pened to him, and I shall never look upon my boy's faoe again." rt Ymi'you will, before a month ÍB over your *? head," said the fresh young voios of Noel Ather '-'stone, .at his side. " He'll come by the next boat. All the kangaroos in Australia won't j» .koep' him from his dear old, daddy .j_ Cousin Beryl, there is a difficulty about a blaek box Will you please say if it belongs to you or not?" u " An old box, with ' A. D.' on the cover ?" s " Yes-" ', " Ah, that waB poor Ursula's. I had better take care of her things, I suppose, till I hear from her grandmother." " The luggage solcotcd from among the miscellaneous heap, being disintercd from the hold, the party went ashore, Beryl leaning . on her cousin's arm. The colour was ooming back to her checks now, the light to her eyes, '. for tho bitterness ef the wretched past was at an end, and the hour of her triumph was at hand .' She' was uncontrolled mistess of one of the largest fortunes in the midland oounties, young, beautiful, and sufficiently aooomplished-surely never girl had such a bright future before her Her fortune must have changed her somc ?> what, and not for the better, for as ahe walkod across the .gangway, roturning the respeotful !'< fare-well greotinfiB of those she passed, her mind flew back to Melbourne and Allan Temple, and the smile that flitted aoross her faoo was more scornful than loving. Surely there oould not be' muoh in bo oommon between a man in his position and a woman in hers ; but the wide sea '" rolled botween them, and he might never cross " it. If he did, it would be time enough to remember tho love passages, and to rcoonsider ' 6hem. And yet his ring was on her finger, and the remembrance of his last words to hor fresh in her memory; and he himself, in his far-away "Australian homo, was worshipping her ideal image, and sending up passionate prayers to Hea- ven for her protection and safety. Ho was in a state of feverish anxiety oonoorning her, for ho had a oharge upon his hands at once perplexing 'and serious, and ho oould not help connecting it with Beryl and hor voyage. Tho night whioh followed the day of the Psyche's departure he remained in the theatre till very lato, and then, finding himself unable to .rest, ho strolled out. It was dark, but he knew every inoh of ground in tho town, and ho sauntered to the brink of the river, away from the wharves and warehouses, to a spot not yet bailt'-ovon The touoh of Beryl's hand, which had rested on his arm so lovingly not many . hours since, seemed to lie there still-the little ' soft hand, on which he ha'd slipped the ring with its " Semper fidclis" motto-and his hoart ached for a sight of his darling-for the know *?>, lodge of what sho was doing and thinking as the p ship Bkimmed over the blue water. Had he known it, Beryl was thinking of nothing but . itho 'misery of the terrible mai de mer, whioh spares no one, not evon the most sentimental of lovers, and not bestowing the slightest thought on him or anyono else but her own disoomforb. He waa not far from the place where the brook we have been spoken of emptied itself into tho Yarra Yarra. The strong current and volume of water in the splendid river prevented its "boin g polluted aa yet by the sewage tho brook brought with it, and Allan Temple loitered thore, thinking, as most Melbourne poople must now and then, of the rapid rise of the fair oity In his lifotime it had grown from a small settle- ment to its present stately proportions. In- congruous and irregular though it waa in arrangement, it is a oity for a oolonist to be proud of. Suddenly his attention was aroused by something moving on the very edgo of the river in rather a dangerous plaoo, for the bank there was precipitous and the ourrent strong Unoertain whether it was an animal or a man, he watohed it for some time, when suddenly it rose np and stiotohed ont its arms, gesticulating violently. "Whatever is the mad fool going todo.*" thought Allan. " He'll be over if he doesn't mind. He must be drunk," ( He ran towards the person, whoever it was-a man without a hat, dripping wet- and shouted, to attraot hie attention. He turned round, but took no further notice, and the young man could hear him talk in a loud incoherent sort of way to himself.' It certainly seemed as though he were going to throw himself into the water, and AAllan Temple went quietly behind him and took ^HjBoId of his arm. \< Y '< Come further book," he said. " You will * Mall over." 4 . The > man obeyed-he was dripping with water, as though he had already been in the river, and his tooth were chattering violently. The moon broke out with a fitful light from bo hind" the olouds at the moment, and Allan was horrified to see that blood was streaming down the stranger's faoo from a out somewhere on the forehead. ' " What's up with him, I wonder ?" ho thought. " Has he been trying suioido, and has it not been a suocesfl, I wonder ? Como with me," he went on, for the man seemed strangely vacant " You must not stay hero.' " Yes, I must. I'm waiting for the ship." "What ship?" " The Psyche." " What do you want with her ?" asked Allan, his heart giving a strange leap at the mention of the name. " Why, I'm going in her. Don't you know I came to fetoh her ?" and now I oan't find the ship." " To fetoh her!" Who oouldhe mean ? Who was he ? The young man's boat wildly as he asked himself the question, and he oould soareely steady his voiee sufficiently to speak to the man again. " Whom did you come to fetoh ?" " Who?" and the maniao (for suoh he evidently was, for the time at least), burst into » vaoant laugh. " Why, Miss Atherstone, to be sure, the great Eoglish heiress, the squire's granddaughter. He's dead, you know, and the Grange has oome to her." * " Great Heavon !" exolaimed Allan. " It is Mr. Carson !" " Yes, that's me," returned the other. " Who are you 1" / , "Allan Temple. D/n't you know me ? Come home with me, Mr Carson, and get some dry things. What has.hajito ned to you ?" Butineo&erenttaMng; was all the reply the un- fortunate young gentleman oould make. It was vory evident he had either met witlî' some severe aooideut, or been foully Bet upon and nearly killed, and it was with tho greatest difficulty that Allan oould get him to bo quiet, and allow him to bind up the bleeding wound on his fore- head as well as he oould. By dint of persuading bim to oome in search of' the ship, ho got him away from the river side, and through some quiet streets to the door of his father's bouse. (To be continued.) 