VIRTUAL UNITY OF THE CHURCH OF CHRIST., The times are never wanting in instances that prompt many questions on this subject, and there is nothing in which there are more or greater mistakes. Diversity of church organisa tion, and the complexities of church life, lead many to the conclusion that the want of agree ment in externals symbolises the same want in things substantial and vital, whereas nothing could be further from the truth. Such diver sities are more striking because more appreciable to the senses, bub; they do not -mean half as much as the spiritual similarities which are con cealed as well as revealed by Church forms, and that lie at the heart of all Christian enterprise and hope. Those resemblances are almost as universal as they are profound. Greek and Western, Old Catholic and New, Ultramontane and Broad Churchman, Presbyterian and Lutheran, 'Episcopalian and Methodist, Indepen- den and Baptist — all hold uniformity, and with equal tenacity, the one belief in God, the Father Almighty ; in Jesus Christ His only Son our Lord, who was delivered for our offences and raised again for our justification ; and in the Holy Ghost, the Lord and Giver of Life ; and all agre.e that the exhibition of faith, hope, and charity is 4he highest possible expression of Christian life in the present world. This unani mity is vastly more impressive under its present conditions of existence, than it could be if, in stead of maintaining itself in spite of minor diversities, it depended on the absence of these for its existence, and held its groundonly under a system of subdued and general uniformity. Take, for example, the extreme case of the sharply defined antagonism between Romanism and Protestantism. The one has the bad pre eminence of being so corrupt in many respects, that it is a moot point as to whether it is not, on the whole, more Pagan than Christian ; and the other has declared war to the death against the corruption, idolatry, and worldliness of that system. There is no concealment of the radical antipathy, and there are no limits short of death itself to the essential hatred that must continue between these two. The wonder is that they should hold anything in common, and that they are not totally dissevered by their mutual dis dain ; nevertheless they severally continue to llAm' -fcfi f.ni) ffPOat actian Liol nnLmnAA waema/lfinrv WW www gvww, vgoviiuiux UUD VI iUVO ACgjJUVVlUg God, the Atonement of Christ, the work' of the Holy Ghost in the world, the resurrection of the dead, and the world to come, with its final arbitraments and awards. The only rational explanation is, that these doctrines, which are the'ground of the essential unity of all Christians, apart from ecclesiastical boundaries, have asserted and maintained themselves by virtue of a power supernatural and divine. Nothing is wanted so much as that this unity of the faith should be associated with a oneness of love and effort. We shall look in vain, if we look for unity in uniformity alone.- Popery glories in her undivided empire, but it is only the oneness of an external ceremonial ' and Church order which alike shelters men of no opinion about religion, and men of every diversity of opinion! It is the unity of many yielding an external and idolatrous homage to one man, and scrupulously observing the same outward ceremonies, while between multitudes of them there are few, if any, other points of contact. It is a fiction of the hugest and most bare-faced sort to maintain that Rome is, in the. proper sense of the term, a united Church. It is not true that it is exempt from divisions and dissensions. The great means of unity, according ito-.Romamsts;, is the" authority of the. Pope ; hut they are not agreed among'themselvesj even yet, as to" the extent of this authority, some contending for the Pope's infallibility, others denying-it! Some making him superior, and others inferior to a General Council. Learned men have reckoned up at least twenty-four fierce schisms and divisions- some of them very bloody— about who was the Pope, 'when several rivals -claimed each' to- that honour, and condemned - all others as impostors. Popery comprises all. kinds of doctrines, from supralapsarianism to atheism ; and is divided about many of the things that divide -Protest ants, and by many disputes besides which' have no place amongst them. The exclusive unity of the Roman Church, involving the spiritual ostracism of all dissenting sections/ is, a trans parent and arrogant fiction. ": , Unity, whether in the Romish, English; or any other section, can work out' its- issues) not by exclusion, but by the comprehension only of that charity out of a pure: heart; -which is 'the end of the commandment! Thereis'an essential unity. -' It does not reside in' external Chiirch organisation necessarily, but it is evermore of that kingdom, not of this world, " which may be found more or less in connection with any. Within the province of that mighty, state-there is room for < endless r varieties- of adminis tration, and for local ' laws and customs: .widely differing" from each other. 1 The' unity consists in the one object of worship; the one ground of affiance, the one source of virtue, and the one cementing principle of mutual love which pervades and animates the whole. "The diversities are, and must be, as numerous and intractable as the essential distinctions which nature, habit, and circumstance have created amongst men. Uniformity of creed, of 1 disci pline, of ritual, and of ceremonies is simply im possible, in a world where men are as really distinguishable in their mental as in their physical aspect ; where every community has its separate system of civil government ; where all that meets the eye, and all that arrests the ear, has a stamp of boundless fahd infinite variety. Amidst all this variety, it is as true as it (was in the days of Cyprian, that the real Church of Christ "is one which, by reason of its fecun dity, is extended into a multitude, in the same manner as the rays of the sun, however numer ous, constitute hut one light ; and the branches of a tree, however many, are attached to one trunk, which is supported by its tenacious root ; and when various rivers flow from the same fountain, though number is diffused by the redundant supply of waters, unity is pre served in their, origin." Steadily recognising this unity (in .diversity, and endeavouring ac cording to our power to encourage and foster it, we shall deem ourselves fortunate .to contribute to the unification in any degree of ; all true Christians, and to the further establishment among men of the truth in love, according to the will of God.- -Southern Cross. 