Chapter XXII. Jill SEEFPABDS OFFEK OF SURRENDER, Miuola beard 110 word from Lucy that night about Heron. Lucy seemed to avoid all speech on any subject that had to do with the midnight walk in the park. The next day brought Mr. Blanche*, very prcud of having been eent for, and for the present, at least, filled with the novelty of a political contest. As Money had predicted, any objection which Heron might have to Bbncbet gave way and vanished for the time, when Blanchet became in a manner a guest of bts. But the poems wbich Blanche! was to contribute to the contest did not prove a great euccees. They were a little difficult to understand. When they were Bupposed to rouse the souls of Keeton electors on the Eubject of England's honour and duties, they were involved in each fantasy of thought and expression that they would have had to be published with a glossary if they were to illuminate, by a spark of meaning, the mind of the acutest voter in the borongh. Blanchet made, however, rather a picturesque figure cn the platforms of meetings, and was useful as an attendant on the two young women when Money and Heron bad to be busy else where ; and Mr. Money liked, for electioneer ing effect, the appearance of a large suite. Minola never saw the poet except before the general company, tie naa consented to come to Keeton solely because he thought it would give him more that) one opportunity of speak ing a word or two to her in private; and no euch chance seemed ever likely to present itself there. Minola was utterly unconscious of his wish or of its purpose. She did not know that when he was invited to Keeton he went to his Bister, and told her that the happy chance had come at last; and that she had kissed him with tears in her eyes, and prayed for bis success. Minola was sb friendly with him as possible—far more so than she seemed to be with Heron, for example; but he got no f uch chance of trying his fortune as his siBter and he had believed to be coming. Is there often a political election with such croBB.purposes going on in the midst of it? It would almoBt seem as if all the persons more directly concerned were either the planners or the objects of some little side game of love. We know what thoughts and hopes were formed on Victor Heron's account by poor Lucy and her father; and Minola soon learned that the Conservative candidate had still a purpose at his heart which no lawful returning officer could gratify. Add to this, to go no farther for the present, the purpose which we know that Mr. Blanchet had in con. tenting to try the part of Poet Laureate to the Liberal candidate, and we Bhall see that t he game was a little complex which all these were playing. Minola had made a grave mistake in judging the character of her discarded lover. She thought him a hypocrite, and he was not; she thought bis love for her was all a sham, and it was not He was a slow, formal, man ; iormai 10 everjtiiiug—in xius muram tuts wen ae in hie manners. For him the world's stand ard was all. He coald not lift his mind above the level of the opinion of respectable people. What they said became the law of life to him. What they called proper he believed to be proi er; what they condemned became in his c jes oi ly deserving of condemnation. Bat he was quite sincere in this. What he came by this process to regard as wrong he woaid not Leve done himself—except under Bach cir cumstances of temptation or provocation as may ordinarily be held to excuse] our human nature. His love for Minola was very strong. I r. waB the one genuine pasBionof his life. Ho bad made up his mind that he would succeed in life, that he would become a per son of importance in London, and that he would marry Minola Grey. Nor did her re fusal much discourage him. After the first pang was over he said to himself that all would come right yet; that at least she did not love anyone else, and that the world would come to him who waited, as he had hnown it to come to himself iu other ways when he waited before. He had resolved to represent Keeton in the House of Commons, and now that resolve seemed to have nearly worked out its purpose. But the night when p&Esingunder; Minola's windows he saw Victor Heron produced aterrible reaction within him. Be felt satisfied that Heron must be in love with her, and he thought with agony that such a lover was very likely indeed to fascinate tuch a girl. He began to pay repeated visits to London in a half secret way, and to watch the movements of Minola, and to try to find out all he conld about Victor and his friends. The thought of having Heron for his rival in both ways, in love and in ambition, was almost more than he could bear. There seemed something ominous, fateful in it. Be became filled with a kind of superstitious feeling that if he lost the election he must lose alL He hated Heron with a passion that sometimes Burpmed himself. There appeared to him to be something wicked in this young man coming from the other side of the earth to cross bim in his two great desires. His slow, formal nature worked itself up into dense oonsiBtency of hate. The election contest became a relief to him. It was like meeting bis rival in battle. The fierce joy was heightened when Minola came to Keeton. To win under such conditions would be like killing his rival nnder her very eyes. Ic was when at the very height of his hope, and when the anticipation of revenge was turning our formal moralist into a sort of moral Berserker, that apiece of news reached bis ears which well nigh changed his pur pose. He was told that Victor Heron was to marry Mr. Money's daughter, and that that was the reason why Money took such inte rest in the contest He was assured of this on what seemed to him good authority. In fact, the report hardly needed any authority to confirm it in bis mind. What could be more probable? What could more satisfao torily explain everything ? What other par* poee ooald a man like Money have in taking all that trouble about a stranger like Heron? Mr. Sheppard trembled to think of the mis take he had nearly made. So then it was not certain that Minola was lost to him, after all? A moment before he was only thinking of revenge for an irrepa rable injury. Now hope sprung up again. At the bottom of Sheppard's nature was a very large reserve of that self-confidence or self-conceit which had carried him so far on his way to success; and he was easily roused to hope again in his chances of conquering Minola's objection to him. He became suddenly filled with an idea wbicb, in the thick and heat of his prepara tions for the contest, he determined to put to proof. By this time it should be said that he had little doubt of how the struggle would go if it were left to be a duel between him and Heron. What it cost him to take the step he is now taking will be better appre ciated if thiB conviction of his is kept in mind. Mr. Sheppard dressed one afternoon with even more than bis nBual care, but in style a little different from that which he com monly adopted. He had got a vague idea that his usual manner of dressing was rather tco formal to please a girl like Miaola, and that it was wanting in picturesqueness and in artiBtic effect He had studied many poems and works of art lately with much pain and patience, and tried to qualify him self for an understanding of those Bchools and theories of art which, as they were said to be new, and were generally out of Kee ton's range, he assumed to be those of the London circles which Minola was reported to fre quent. He got himself up in a velvet coat with a tie of sage-green silk, and bronze watch-chain, and a brazen poric ■ bonheur clasping his wrist. He looked like a church warden masquerading as an actor. Thus attired he Bet forth to pay a visit to Minola. He had met her several times during the settlement of the business consequent on the death of Mrs. Saulsbury. He had met Mr. Money often, and acted sometimes as the representative in business matters of Mr. Saulsbury. He had always demeaned him self on such occasions with a somewhat dis tant courtesy and reBpect, as if he wished to b tand on terms of formal acquaintanceship, and raoibiDg more. He was very anxious to gee once more on such terms with Minola as would allow him to see her and speak with bemow and then, witbouther being always on her guard against love-making. It seemed clear to him that he had better retire for a while from his former position, and try to take the attitude of one who, having been refused, has finally accepted the refusal. Win nnnvina* «li/1 in tmnrtOAnnAn Minnlfl Never having believed in the reality of his love, she found no difficulty in believing that he bad easily reconciled himself to disap pointment, and that he had, perhaps, his eyes turned somewhere else already. Whenever tbey did meet they were friendly, and Minola sawnogreat neceBsity.for avoiding him, except such as might seem to be imposed upon her by the fact that her friends were on one side of the political contest, while he was on the other. Mr. Sheppard even called to see her once or twice about some of the offers of Mr. Saulsbnry, and saw her alone, and said no word that did not relate to matters of busi ness. It was a great relief to Minola to see bim and not Mr. SaulBbury, and she was even frauk enough to tell him so. He only said, with a grave smile, that he feared she " really never had done justice, never had done qaite justice," to the motiveB and the character of Mr. Sanlsbnry. But he admitted that Mr. Saulsbnry's austere manners were a little against him. No surprise, therefore, was created in the mind of any of onr friends, when one morn ing Mr. Sheppard's card was brought to Minola, and Bhe was told that he wished to Bpeak a few words with her. Mr. Money had never heard anything abont Sheppard's former attentions to Minola. He was inclined to think Sheppard a very good fellow for taking any trouble abont Minola's affairs at a time when he had so mnch of his own to occupy bim. So Minola received Mr. Sheppard in one of the sittiDgrooms of the hotel, and was not displeased to see him. She even asked if he a. - W0U1U DOb 11KB WJ ueo uxr. ULUUey. ALIUS WUB after he had talked to her about the par ticular object of his coming—something re lating to what seemed in her mind the inter minable arrangements about the house pro perty which had fallen to her share. "I Bhould have no objection to see Sir. Money, Mies Grey—none whatever. I hope we may be good friends, although Providence bas decreed that we Bhould be on opposite sides of this political controversy. But I am not sure whether, nnder the circumstances, it would be agreeable to all parties if I were to eee Mr. Heron, or whether, not being on such terms with him, I ought to call on his friend. These are points, Miss Grey, on which you, as a lady, might not like to oecif'e." " Oh, I couldn't think of deciding !"Minola said hastily, for she had made her suggestion in obedience to a sudden impulse, and was net sure that she had not done something wrong; "I don't know anything about it, and perhaps I ought not to have said any tnine at alL" " Your suggestion, Miss Grey, was only in accordance with all the impulses of your generous nature." Mr. Sheppard still loved as much as ever his long and formal sen tences. Minola could not help wondering how the House of Commons would like such a style, if Mr. Sheppard could ever get a chance of displaying it there. " Yon do not, I hope," he continued, " dis approve of my ambition to distinguish myBelf in political life ? You know that I have for years cherished snch an ambition; that hope still remains to me. It is not surely an ille gitimate or unreasonable hope ?" " Ob, no, Mr. Sheppard, far from it; I am sure that I, like all your friends, shall be very glad to bear that yon have been Bncceeaini in your ambition—I think it onght to be the ambition of every man who has any talents." "Thank yon, Miss Grey. Yon do not, I observe, wish me success in this particular contest That, I suppose, would be too much for me to expect!" Minola only shook her head. " I am afraid I shall only grieve yon in this, then," he said, dropping his eyes, "for I am certain to win, Miss Grey." Minola thought of her nnholy compact, and wished he wonld talk of something else, or— better still—go away. " I am'sorry yon can't both win," she said good-humonredly, "then we could all be pleased, and we might say all we liked without fear of seeming unfriendly to one or the other." She could not help feeling that this speech was a little like one of Mr. Sheppard's own, " Is it true," Mr. Sheppard aBked abruptly, " what people say in Keeton—this about Mr. Heron and Miss Money 7' " I don't know much about the gossip of Keetoh, Mr. Sheppard, and it wonld not have much interest for me—I don't like Keeton." " It is not, perhaps, mere gossip. They say that Mr. Heron is to bemarried to Mr. Money'a daughter; that, they Bay, is the reason why We in Keeton are favoured with the per* eonal interference of Mr. Money in oar local affaire." Minola rose, and seemed as if she were reBolved that the conversation most end there. " I can't tell you anything about that, Mr. Sheppard: even if I knew anything, whioh I don't, I could hardly be expected to talk about it. It does not concern you or me much, I euppoee." " It concerns me greatly," he said, warmly. " Of course it concerns me that a stranger should come down here to Keeton interfering in oar affairs, and making discord and con. fnBion where we are all inclined to harmony. But I tell you thiB, MiBB Grey, and you may tell you friends so, if you like—they haven't a chance here, except through you." Minola was amazed, and could not help looking up with an expression of curiority. Was this to be another offer to put the de cision of the contest in her hands ? " Yes," he went on, as if be had understood her thought, " it shall be in your bands if you wiBh it. I am very ambitious of represent ing my native town in Parliament; but I have au ambition twenty times stronger than that, and an older ambition too. If yon wish to see your friends succeed in this affair de clare your wish, and I will withdraw to please you. I can find a chance somewhere else; I am not likely to fail in anything I set my heart upon ; and no other man bat myself could carry this borough in the dnke's in terest at Bach a time as this. I can carry it, aDd if we two Btand alone—Mr. Heron and I —I am safe to carry it; but if yon only say the word I will give np the place this moment. ThiDk of it, Mibb Grey—do give it a moment of tl ought. 1 don't want to bind yon to any. thing ; 1 don't pat any condition ; I only ask you to let me do this tor you." Hia eyeB were fall of eagerness, and his manner bad almost lost itB f ormalism. He did not Beem to her the man she bad ever known before. She felt something like re epect for bim. " I could not aek you to do anything of the kind for me, Mr. Sbeppard," she said gently. "Why Bhonld I? What rigbt could 1 have to allow yon to make any sacrifice for me! TbiB would be a great sacrifice, and I suppose a thing a man ought not to do for any per. sonal feeling." "Yon are quite right. You had always a clearer understanding than women are sup posed to have about these things—I remem ber your father saying so often. It would raise an ontcry here against me; my own party would denounce me; I should never be looked at by any of the duke's people again. You can hardly think what a sacrifice it: annlri hA tn A man liko mA Rnt tViafc'o why I offer it. I want tomato bo me great sacrifice—I do !—to prove.to yon that I am sincere, and that there is nothing I would not do (or yon. Mind, I am not talking of making a bargain. I only say, if yon wish me to do this, it Bhall be done. That's all." " I don't wish yon, Mr. Sheppard ; it wonld be moBt unfair and wrong of me to do so. It would be a shameful thing of me, I think, and I wish yon bad not thought of it, although I can't help feeling that I owe you eome thanks even for the offer." " Think of it, Miss Grey—just think a little more of it I mean it, I assure you; I mean it alL Let him have the seat if it pleaseB Mr. Money and his danghter, and if yon want to pleaBe them. It will be all your ooing, mind ! I should be glad to make Mr. Money's acquaintance more than I have done; I have no ill-will to Mr. Heron ; why should I ? I am not in love with Miss Money," he added, with rather a sickly smile tuat it pained Minola to see. " 1 don't need to think it over, Mr. Shep pard ; I know already what 1 ought to say. I could not ask you to do Buch a thing for me, or allow you to do it if I could prevent you. I don't understand much about such things, but it seems to me that what you propose would be dishonourable to you. No, Mr. Sheppard, go and fight out your fight—why should you not ? We may be friendB all of us, just the same." " I want to do this for you—to show you that I am sincere in all that 1—all that I ever said to you." Minola felt a colour coming on her cheeks. " 1 can believe you to be sincere without such a proof bb that," she said. "But do you—do you ? I could be content if I thought you did believe that. Tell me that you do believe that." "Why should I not believe it. I have alwayB beard you spoken of as a man of the highest character—" "It isn't tbat," be said, cutting off her words abruptly; " it is not that I am speaking about. You know it is not that! I want ycu to tell me whether you believe that I am sincere in loviDg you." " I thought we were never to speak of this again," she said, and Bhe was moving almost in alarm towards the door. He quietly stood in her way, and prevented her. " I never said so. I told you I would not give up my hope, and I don't mean to give it up. I told you in the park here, the first day that I spoke out—I told you that I would not give up, and I will not. I love you always; I did from the time you were a child, and 1 was not very much more. I am slow sometimes, but wheu I get a feeling like that it never leaves me. I know you used to laugh at me, and to make fan of me; bat I didn't care much about that, and I don't care. It wasn't a very generous thing to do, knowing what yon did about me. No, no, Minola, you shan't go yet; indeed, you shan't. You most hear me now, once for all." "If it will be once for all, Mr. Sheppard; if you will promise me that " " No, no ! I'll promise nothing. I'll never give up this hope, I tell you fairly; never, never, Minola. Yes, you used to laugh at me, and it wasn't generons; but who expects generosity from a woman ?—and in any oass it cculdn't change the feelings of a man like me—no, not if you treated me like a dog. You don't Know wnat it is to oe meaneiy in love with some one who does not care about yon. If jon did, you could make some allowance for me." His whole manner was so strange and so wild that it compelled the attention of Minola, and almost made her afraid. She had never seen him anything like this be fore Someof his words, too, fell tonchingly and painfully on her ear. Did she, then, not know what it was to be foolishly in love without hope of return ? Di$ she not ? And ought not what she knew to make her more tender towaids this man, who, in so strange a way, feemed to be only in like oase with herself? She ceased to fear Mr..Sheppard, or to feel her old repugnance for him. Her manner be came gentle, and even sweet, as she spoke to him, and tried to reason with him. "If I ever did laugh at yon, Mr. Sheppard, it was only as girls who know no better will laugh at people whom,. If they only did know better, they would respect. I was wrong and silly, and I ask your pardon most sin cerely. I don't think, Mr. Sheppard. I.ass likely to offend many people by any excess* good spirits for the future." " You never offended me." he said eagerly, ' or, if you did. it was only for the moment. and 1 didn't care. Yon were welcome to Bay anjtLing yon liked, and to langh at me aa much ae yon liked ; yon are still. Yon may laugh at me, Minola, the moment my back is tuned if yon like. Tbct won't make me love you the leas, or give np trying to make yon change your mind." " Why can't we be friends, Mr. Sheppard ? I ccmld like yon much, I am sure, now if yon would only let me." " No, no! we never can be friends," he raid, taking up bis bat, as if he felt that it would be nseless to say any more then. " We might be enemies, Minola—although I can't well think of myself as yonr enemy—bat I'll never consent to be yonr friend." " We never can be anything else tben," Ifinela said, more firmly. " I don't mean to marry ; the man does not live in the world," Bhe declared with positive energy, '1 whom I would marry; and I couldn't love yon, Mr. Sheppard ; and for Heaven's sake I beseech of you let as not have all this to go over again and again. I wonder men can degrade them selves in such a manner—it is pitiful ; it is shameful!" she added. " I would not if I were a man so lower myeelf for all the women in the world." " There is nothing I wonld not lower my. self to for you—noiuing 1 would not do for yon. I don't call it lowering myeelf; I am in love with yon, and I would do anything to carry my point: and I don t give up yet. Don't let it be war to the knife between as two, Minola." "I want no war, bnt only peace," Ehe srid gently. " I want to be yoar friend, >lr. Sheppard. I will not be your enemy even if yen do persecute me." He made no further effort to detain her, bnt opened the door for her, and allowed her to go without another word. Mr. Sheppard's passion, Etrons as it was, did not wholly blind him. He saw that he bad gained an advantage worth trying for. He saw that Minola bad been impressed for the fret time with a certain respect for him. This was something to have gained, and he went away with a feeling of satisfaction. He had offered to give np one great and, as he believed, almost certain chance of gratifying his ambition for her sake. He was perfectly sincere in the offer, and he would have been wild with pride and delight if she had accepted it. Now that she had refused, he felt that the best thing he could do was to fight the battle out as she had said herself, and win it. " When I defeat her friend she can't laugh at me then," he thought, Mr. Sheppard had not had much experience in the ways of women, nor had he Btudied women and courtship in romance or poetry. But he had enough at least of instinctive knowledge to understand that power and success count for more usually in the eyeB of women than piteous appeal. He went home prepared again for the battle, and again longing for it. It is quite true that Minola for her part felt a higher respect for him than Bhe had ever known before. Her own experiences bad tanght and had softened her. He really was Bincere; he was in love, and with her, she now felr. Perhaps a woman can never feel merely anger or scorn for one who she be lieves does really love her. Tne whole bear ing of the man had seemed to be dignified by genuine emotion. His strange offer had something in it that she recognised as chivalrous in a sorb of perverted way. When Minola used to read Ivanhoc, and think over all its people as it they were living beings whom Bhe either loved or hated, ehe always felt driven in despite of all propriety to feel a certain admiration for the Templar, Brian de Bois Guilbert. Especially was she struck with admiration for him when he offered to throw away career and reputation in Europe if Rebecca would love him, and go with him to seek out some new sphere of life. The memory of these readings and thinkings came oddly back upon her now. " This poor Sheppard is a sort of Templar," Bhe could not help thinking. " To offend the duke's people is just as great a sacrifice for him as for my old friend Bois Guilbert to throw away the chances of rising to be Grand Master of bis Order. The public opinion of Keeton is as much to one hero as the voice of Europe to the other. Going to look for a new borough is as bad a thing, perhaps, in our dayB as trying for a new career among the Saracens or wherever it was. I begin to think poor Mr. Sheppard is as good a hero as anyone else. He is a fool to make such an offer, and I suppose it is rather dishonour able—at least it looks a little like that to me —but I suppose all men will twist their coda oi honour a little to suit themselves, and, at all events, it is no worse than the conduct of the Templar, and I need to admire him." j Of course, in all this Minola assumed her. Belf to be talking ironically, and, in fact, to be relieving her mind of many sarcasms at the expense of man. But there was a little of earnest, too, in her enforced jesting. "Our rival must have a .good deal of time to Bpare," Mr. Money observed when Minola saw him shortly after; "or he must be very good-natured to take such trouble about Mr. SaulBbory's affairs. I suspect the truth is that he feels pretty sure of the result." "Then you think we have lost?" Minola asked, dismayed. "All except honour, I fear," he answered coolly. "I don't see much chance, Miss Grey. The extreme ' Rads' won't have any, thing to do with as, I am pretty sure. Your Keeton friends stand to win unless some* thing wonderful happens." "But wQl those extreme people vote for him—for Mr. Sheppard ?' "There's no knowing; you can't count upon these fellows. But even if they don't, you see it wiiloome to about the same thing —at least unless they all hold back in a mass, which is not at all likely. I think it will be this way: a few of them will vote for Sheppard, just because they hate no one so much as a Liberal who is not strong enough for them; and those few will be enough to give your Keeton friend the Lucy and Minola both looked rather blank at this prospect Minola began almost to wish Bhe had taken Sheppard at his word. Suddenly Mr. Money was called away by aome political fellow-worker, who had a face which was like a title-page to some wonderful volume of news. In a few moments Mr. Money returned full of excitement, and holding a paper in his hand. "I say, young ladies,"he exclaimed, "here's a new incident for you; something sensa tional, I should say. Here's our friend St Paul ooming out himself at the last moment aa a candidate for Keeton in the Red Repub lican interest, and denouncing the duke, his brother, as if the duke were Cain, and he were the ghost of Abel." " But can he do that, papa?' asked Lucy ^'SnKedo what, Lncelet 1" '"Becpmea candidate now, dear, at this tinsel" of course he can—what should hiader hlm? The nomination isn't until the unfair J" "Mr«hrTJlttle Luoelefc, what do you think W-eSwOcall it or what anybody "Then does this destroy oar chances alto gether ?' Lncy plaintively ashed. " I always thought he was a treacherous man." " Stuff, my good little girl; there are no treacheries in politics and elections. Bnt I must think this over a a little. I am not by any means sure that it may not prove an un commonly good thing for us, by Jove. Where's Heron ? 1 mnst get at him at once, and so, yonng ladies, good-bye for the moment" Mr. Money harried away. Daring the few moments he bad stopped to talk to the girls several excited heads had been thrust into the room as if entreating him to come away. Minola, too, was not by any means sate that this new incident was not meant to turn to the account of Victor Heron. This, then, was clearly Mr. St Paul's plot She understood quite enough of the explanation Mr. Money had been giving to see that if any of the extreme Radical votes could be taken from Sheppard's Bide the chances of Heron would go up at once. She could not doubt that Mr. St Paul knew this still better. She became full of excitement; and, such is the demoralising effect of all manner of com petition on human creatures, that Minola now found herself wishing that the candi date she favoured might win by Mr. Sc. Paul's device or that of anyone else; but win somehow. 