BENEVOLENT ASYLUM. The ordinary monthly meeting of the mem bers of committee of the above institution was helil yesterday afternoon. Present: The presi dent (Mr. M. O'Brien), in the ehair; Messrs. Birch, Walter, Osborne, and Stewart. CORRESrONDENCE. Letters were read— Prom the Acting Under Treasurer, enclosin account (second instalment of maintenance ac count) for signature. Received. From tho Government Statist, asking that the usual returns might bo forwarded by the 1st March. Received. From the Blind Asylum, Melbourne, skating that tho committee had considered the applica tion of the Benevolent Asylum committee for the admission into the school of five male ]>aticnts from their institution, but owing to the want of accommodation and the fact that the ages of the propssed inmates would preclude them from learning any trade, tho committee ilecmed it advisable to refuse the application. A discussion arose on the letter, during which it was stated that three at least of the blind patients were very intelligent men, who might be expected to soon master the trade of basket-making if they wore .admitted to the school and received instructions. It was also mentioned that there were patients in the Blind Asylum quite the age of those in ques tion. Mr. Walter said bethought the nature of the application had been misunderstood by the Blind Asylum committee. A11 that they de sired was that the men should be admitted for a few months, and instructed in basket-making, and afterwards they would be willing to receive them back to the Benevolent Asylum. On Mr. Walter's motion it was decided that the applica tion should be renewed, and the above explana tion forwarded. From Cohn Bros., forwarding cheque for annual subscription. Received, with thanks. I KEPOKT. The Treasurer submitted the following report J for the month ending 31st January To con tributions, L5! 10s.; receipts from other "sourecs, Lo 11=.; balance, Lo,4ol 7s. 3d.; total, L-5,SOS 14s. 0>l.; by overdraft 31st December, 1S76, L4,'.)5'2 12s. 10d.; accounts paid during 0 anuary, L556 Is. lid.; total, l-o,50S 14s. ikl. GENERAL BCS1NESS. Messrs. Quin, Steane, Osiionie. aud Birch, were elected as the building committee for the ensuing twelve months, and the same gentle men were also appointed as the visiting com mittee for the ensuing three month?. On the motion of Mr. Walter, the superinten dent was instructed to procure 100 now suits of clothes for the use of the juvenile inmates. ACCOUNTS. The following accounts, representing an aggre gate amount of U35S IPs. 7d., were passed for payment:—."Salaries and wages, Moore Bros, and Co., Xelson, Punch, Fl.mnigan, Green, Dorman, Bush (2), Matchett, Fort, Foers, Marsden, Ulingwortli, Espic, Fizelle, Bendigo Gas Com pany, Capewell, Ros3 and Co., Joseph, Hall, Farmer, Mackay and Co., Robshaw, Evans, J. G. Edwards. Mr. Albert Cramer of the Terrace, was sums \- moned at Wandsworth on Wednesday by James Marriott, a cabinetmaker, for £2 13s. 6u. wa"C for making a "spiritualistic cabinet," on the de fendant's premises. Mr. Paget inquired the meaning of a "spiritualistic cabinet.'' The com plaiuant said it was a mysterious affair; no one could solve it. He had only made a part of it. There was a glass in the cabinet, and on a lan tern being shown a ghost was supposed to rise and float m the air. The defendant's solicitor said his client agreed with a man named Winn to make a particular cabinent for £S, the de fendant supplying the material. Winn brought the complainant, and spoke of him as a handy man. The defendant said he was a retired apothecary. He paid Winn £5, but he had not completed the work, and he did not know where to find him. In reply to the magistrate, the de fendant said Winu was a maker of conjuring apparatus. The cabinet was similar to the one used by the Davenport Brothers for spiritual il lusions, rope-tying, and disappearing. There were looking glasses in it, which when let down produced an appearance of the cabinet being empty, when at the time two or three persons were concealed behind. Machinery was fixed in the scats, which when worked loosened cords and tightened them at pleasure. He was simply an amateur. Mr. Paget thought tlie case not made out, and dismissed the summons. A Queer Rsuuiors Sect.— A religious sect, which for some time lias been in existence in Siberia, is making many proselytes iu the Go vernment of Tamboff, Russia. In most respects the people are orthodox Greeks in their belief, but they have adopted some ideas which are of a decidedly revolutionary character. Their leading doctrine is that all must marry on be coming of age. Added to this are two other doctriues, which lead us to suspect that the body originated with vomen, and has developed under their influence. These doctrines are that the husband must be subordinate to the wife, recognizing her as the head of the family ; and that he must at least once in a week confess his sins to liis household ruler. The Carniulini troupe are doing a large busi ness in Stawell aud Horsham, and will make their way to Sandhurst shortly. • HoxesTY is the BrusT Policy.—One day « strange customer came to a Gratiot avenue grocer. He wanted some goods, and he paid cash down. The next day he made another purchase and paid cash, and as the days went, by his face and his cash became familiar, One day he returned with the change giveu aud said: "I believe I am an honest man. You paid ma twenty cents too much. The grocer received it ar.d was pleased. Two days after tli.it the stranger returned from the kerbstone to say : " Another mistake on your part; you overpaid me forty cents." The grocsr was glad to have found au honest man, and puzzled to know how he should have counted so far out of the way, Three days more and the stranger picked sip a dollar bill in the store and said : "This i» not my dollar ; I found it on the floor, and you must take charge of it." The grocer's heart- welted, and he wondered it the world was not progressing backward toold-time hon esty. A skip of one day and the honest man brought down a wheelbarrow, ordered S IS worth of groceries, aud would have paid cash had he uot forgotten his wallet He would hand it in at noou as he went past, he said, and it was all right with the grocer. That was tlie last of the honest man. Morning fades into noon, aud noon melts away in the darkness, but he cometh not. There are no more mistakes in change—no more dollar bills on the floor, aud the grocer's eyes wear a way-off expression, as if yearning to see some one for about two minutes. The Way To Do It.—He found that he wanted some beer ou Sunday. He got it. She asked him how he procured it. " How \- did I get it? Ah!" said he, as he took another and a longer draught, " I was deter mined not to be done outofmybeer, although I paid a little more than usual for it. I rode into town, sixpence ; hired a buggy, ons pound five: drove to Mordialloc tolls, two shillings, proved I was a traveller, had dinner and drinks, live shillings, and bought two giu bottles of colonial ale for one shilling, ostler at lirery stables, half a crown. Total cost of same and f f«rt'i/i;ig 81penses one pound sijctea i drillings.7' "At that rate, it would be cheaper to buy a small lceg of it, and we could use it whenever we liked," said she. " I have a better plan than that," replied her husband. " I shall have a main laid on from-the-^public- house,—with- a self-acting register, just like a gas-meter, and let the publican come a:ul calculate it every month." And so they went on with their beer.— AfeCwurne Punch. A Subtkrraxejln Lake.—The following is from an Alabama journal:—"Atthe Dicken son Place, on Bullard Creek, near Six mile .Station, is a ten-acre field, which is nothing . more or lesi than a Subterranean lake, cover ed with soil about eighteen inches deep. On the soil is cultivated a field of corn, which will produce thirty or forty bushels to the acre. Tfanyous will take the trouble to dig a hole the depth of a spade-handle, he will .find it fill with water, and by using a hook and line, fish, four and five inchcs long can be caught. These fish are different from others in not having either scales or eye3, and are perch-like in shape. The ground is marl, alluvial, in its nature, and in all probability at one time it was au open body of water, on which has accumulated vegetable matter, which has been increased from time iotime, until nowit has acrust sufficiently strong and rich to produce fine corn, though it has to be cultivated by hand, as it is not strong enough to bear the weight of a horse. While noon ing, the field hands catch great strings of delicate fish, by merely punching a hole through the earth. A 'pernor, raising on i his heel, and coming down suduenlv can see i growtny corn corn shake all round him. ■ i ' . .-i =uuae:i!v can see ! the growing corn c^rn ,h* *'">*<> Anyone having the ?tr _ through the crnsr. will find '-n releasing it. that it will disappear entirety. The whole section of country surrounding this tkld gives evidence o{ ir..;rnhincss, ar.d the least shower of rain produces an abundance of juud. But ihe i|!!esuoii comes up : Has not this body an outlet ? Although brackish, the water ta»trs as if fresh, and we have no doubt that it is anything else than stagnant. Yet the !i;h are eyeless ana scaleless, similar to those found in caves. To is a sub ject for Ptndy. and we would like to hivs same of our profound citizens investigate 