ENTERTAINMENT IN AID OF CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL. On Thursday evening, January 4, a dramatic ?entertainment was given at White's Booms, l-y the members of the Register staff and other ?: amateurs, the proceeds of which are to be . -devoted to the Children's Hospital. There was sl larffA attendance, the room being filled, and His Excellency the Governor, Lady Musgrave, : and suite were present. Altogether the enter tainment was an excellent one, and the way in -which it was carried out would have done no -discredit to more pretentious exhibitions. A pro logue, specially written for the occasion by * Geoffrey Crabthorn,' was recited by Messrs. 3\. Whinham and J. C. F. Johnson. It was as i -.follows : — PROLOGUE. JSnter simultaneously at opposite doors, James Brown and John Brown. James — Kind friends, I come ? John— Stop, stop! ? James— One moment, pray ! ?1 have to speak the Prologue. John— Come! I say!: '^That's pretty cool, when IVe been, asked to do ??--?? it- ' ? f ''Make way for 'me at once, or.you shall rue it. '?' i James— If anything is rued if s you,.! think ; — TJcffi from my duty you shan't make me shrink. 'Therefore— Kind friends, I come to ? John— No, you don't ! James— To beg ? John — Now stop. James — Pray, let me speak ! John — I won't. -James — Why stop my words before I can tbegin'em? - . I -JbAra— Itellybulwasaskedby Mr. Whinham — James — To speak the Prologue? John — - Here's his letter. James — Nonsense ! IHere's my request — a note of Mr. Johnson's. {They exchange notes* John' (reads)— J. Brown, Esq! James (reads) — J. Brown, Esquire ! -John— Absurd! Is that your name? & ,, James— - 1$ is, upon my word. Tfotih— There can't be two with such uncom mon names ! You call yourself John Brown ? James— f Not John; I'm James. John— This letter's mine, then — opened by mistake. And now, Sir, what excuses can you make ? James— Excuse? The letter yours? What rare you at ? John — J. clearly stands for John. ; James — I don't see that ; It stands for James as well. John ? Through all the town 27m known to every body as J.^ Brown, .An Elocutionist whose reputation .Kb doubt suggested this communication. James— I never heard of you, I frankly own. John — Not to know me argues yourself un known. James— Well, I won't argue longer, for our friends 'Will be impatient till this quarrel ends. 3)on't let it on the. Prologue put a stopper, ?Or folks will say these Browns aren't worth a copper. ~ : Is these no way by which we can agree ? John — A. very simple one— give way to me ; .And afterwards, lest.you should feel a wrong, 'We'll send you on to sing a comic song. James— 1 don't sing comic songs. John— Then if that fails, Try tlie Arbitrament of heads and tails. ; 'Come . Heads go off and tails remain behind! James — I d Mx't play pitch and toss. John— WelL I don't mind Tilfaking the audience our referee j 3711 .bet you three to one .they go for me. . James — I don't make bets. Jolin — Because you're safe to lose. 'Who votes lor me? (to the audience). James— Who will my Prologue choose? \- ,-S3!heve\ . Own I've got a clear majority. ?- c :\ John— Quite the reverse ; the votes are all for ? ?- -Sne. .James - Oh, nonsense! : . 4fohn — Well ! to make our quarrel shorter ; Xeave-it to Smith, iheBegisterMepoxter. He'* sitting in the corner there. . JiMn&f;— -Agreed! Smith knows 'twas I they sent for. .Smttil— iw,*uuccu: \- » ? - ^rfMi-^-That shuts you up, my friend; so go ! James— Nj! John^ Oh! I appeal to Smith. Smith— I said I didn't know. John— What's to be done then? Since Jto leave -we're loth, Just tell us who's to speak the Prologue ! Smith— . Both! Jtwies—'Wh&t; 1 both at once ? Smith— No, speak in turn. : vZfc4»re ' 'Twill do; _TA prologue spoken so will be quite new. ; ?;??! James— Agreed, provided I begin it. :???.- John-^- ... .; .- Done! .?_?:. finish the sentence you have twice begun. ;;- iTimcs-r-Kiiid friends . I come to beg 'your :.-;--' liberal aid . ? , -i rsSTor children who've been left too long to fade li squalid homeslrom no hard influence free, Uurslings of ignorance and poverty, ' i*- Uncared for while the^ fevered teyes grow dim \--, And pains unsoothed assail -each quivering limb 0 Jbfew-r-The Children's Hospital no praise need bear : - ' To recommend it to your generous care : \- Sbmth the Sorrows it is t-enton healing _ ,1 will not .seek to harrow up\your feeling. : James— -Nor lias it failed the genorous aid /'/$£» gala. . .: ', ' \\- ?-.!'?-' ' ' ??' Of those best skilled to foil disease and pain ; *Tis said that Doctors differ, but our rules Xnvite assistance from all sorts of schools. - - ?. ;. John— LAllo^and homoeo-and hydro-pathic, y^ Eclectics/' * regulars,' with' zeal seraphic IJnite .to help, while werejoice to see ./'Doctors who take such different 'paths' agree. : ' «7B7tt£S---To- nigb.t some humble followers of '?? jthestage' . ''?'; ^Eager the children's sufferings to assuage Axe for 'the' Hospital your poor petitioners ? ? Joftn— AH amateurs, not regular practitioners; .And yet their 'dressings ' for each fancy part IWilLlike a ^doctor's, make the wearers smart, ? James— First we invoke immortal Shakes * .... ,_^ peare'sald, ''?'_'. ' ^^yiose; aaighty. scenes with reverence we've '???'?'? ' , se&Bayed; ??' ?? ' ?'? : - .- To represent, in form though incomplete, ?- . ''ior lack of time and lack of actors meet. ... .. .Sence, if you note some failings in oar playing, Hecall the spirit of his kindly saying— : '..'.. ^'^auj^tjebmes amiss when duty tenders it.' , ' ,7bfera-— Think, too, that'** brevity's thef soul of '?-?? ? -wH? -?? ??? .?.???: .-.?...? : ' !?;? JLad jnodern iurry must approve the process ? :.ri -/Of Shakespeare ^ven in homoeopathic doses. - -... ... 'James^---K quaint burlesque our bill of fare '.. ..'?'.'.'. will close— ^-' ' r '? '' ' Johri— Which for its aptness you may think .: . we chose. ; : Tor when 'tis built poor children's hearts to gladden, TGbe Hospital will -often have a lad 1h. ?~Set, to spe|ift,teitli, we lately played it o'er; .:-., ,*3&Mught; 'tis but the mixture as before, — -4AHd-much^we hope that when It has been taken 'The patients' sides— that's yours — will be well shaken. '' ' ; ; ?;~^i£ James:r-^S[ow i or our cause just one more word '.:. '';?..- :, T J!a say;' ; ' . ?' . ? .;. TLet not your interest cease with our poor play; Of all to whom the Hospital affords ;,.3ts help be friends- ? . ^ 'ffblen-1-' '' v' 'And guardians of its wards.. 'James— Let not the children, who may; restless . ..?,?„?;? ' -lie:!;._;: ?-.....? . .' ' . ' 'Within its walls lack kindly sympathy. ' ^To ease their sufferings and assist their cures Tie at their service ? John-:- As we am-at-yours. James — That pun's too bad. . ?' John — , , In punning go the whole hog, A double sense well ends our double Prologue. Theidea of -the dispute between the speakers ... r waBywe are informed, suggested by a prologue _: f'ncitkuby Mr.H.ByrouMoore, but the whole treatment of the dialogue is original. After a fantasia from 'Lurline' had been played by Mr. T. H. Jones, several scenes from ' Hamlet' were given by Messrs. B. Whinham, G. Laughton, and others. These included the Ghost scene, the scene between Ham let, Polonius, and the players, and the scene between Hamlet and Ophelia. Mr. Whisham took the part of Hamlet, and alto gether, carried it out well, some of his acting being especially good. There were one or two faults, but these were so slight as to be lost sight of in the general excellence of the ren dering. Mr. Laughton earned well-merited ap plause, and the others were fairly up to their parts. After an interval the best feature of the programme was proceeded with. Ihis was Mr. H. J. Byron's burlesque of 'Aladdin, or the Wonderful Scamp,' which had been cleverly localized by Mr. D. M. Magill, one of the mem bers of the Register staff. The cast was as fol lows: — The Emperor, a monarch much down in the world, and likely to come to Dovmer — the father of his people, but too fond of visiting his j uncle's, Mr. B. J. Bigaud; the Vizier, who, though chary of turning charwoman, is not above cleaning out the exchequer, and doing other dirty work for which he doesn't get a crown, Mr. C. H. Franklin ; Pekoe, who had_a share, though not a preference share, in this company at a very late date, and took to this S-Pekoe in response to a call — a young rascal with no end of cheek, Lady Amateur; Aladdin, really a 'wonderful scamp,' whose first appearance could not be secured without difficulty, the management having to go to North Adelaide to win him— both a lively youtk and a sad boy, and like otherlarrikins a caution to his maternal parent, Master F. Bevilaqua; Abanazar, a magician, very much like the Fakir of Oolu, who begins by searching for the Dis trict of Light, then turns Hawker, and ends with being completely Dunn — & (N)oc(k)ular disgrace and too much in 'spirits for Pickering, Mr. D. M. Magill; The Widow Twankey, who, unlike the modern swell, mourns the demise of her tailor — not nearly so flowery as Pekoe, having more to do with 'weeds, but of most classic feature, especiallyabout the nose, Mr. J. G. F. Johnson; Princess Badroulboudour — in the 'Arabian Nights' it is said 'This Princess was in fact the most beautiful brunette that ever was seen; her eyes were large, well placed, and full of fire,' &c;, and the management can only Bay that they have spared no expense in getting up the character in an effective manner, Mr. B. H. Friend ; Slave of the Lamp, a being not known in these day? of Sunday out and gas, Mr. S. J. Whitmore; Genius of the Ring, a genius very much after the style of Mr. Sims Reeves — not at all certain in his appearance on the stage, Master W. Carr. The whole thing was bristling with fearful puns, facetious allusions to local celebrities, and to matters j of public interest, and contained some side splitting scenes. The part of Aladdin was capitally rendered, but it would be invidious to particularise, as the whole of the parfes were ex cellently carried put. One or two hitches oc curred, but these were very slight. The Emperor and the widow Twankey were ;ex \- tremely amusing, and their by-play was sufficient to rouse the gloomiest misanthrope. Popular songs were introduced, and although they were not so harmonious as they might have been had the singers practised longer together, they added to the interest of the burlesque, and were fairly successful. Master Bevilaqua's ' Silver Threads among the Gold' was well given, and he was rewarded with a shower of bouquets. It is unnecessary to dilate at any length upon this performance ; indeed a newspaper description -would convey but 'a faint idea of it.r It should be seen to be appre ciated. That it was a success there is no question, and if it should be repeated we would advise those who were not present on Thursday night to go and see it. It was a very thought ful act on the part of the ladies and gentlemen who took part in the entertainment to give their services on behalf of the charity, and we are sure that the proceeds will be a most wel come addition to the funds. 