self indeed originated an Episcopate fo America with no better right to do so than the Conference to ordain ministers. On this point the Church of England mast of necessity be isolated^ from other Protestant bodies, and her ministers cannot fairly be charged with sectarianism by those who having first separated themselves from the Anglo Catholic Church, now seek to overthrow her walls by shouting mightily. I will admit at once that so far from taking a Pharisaic pride in this isolation, it is, I believe, painful to every clergyman with a Christian heart. Nothing short of a conscien tious conviction that we are following the Apostolic practice and Catholic tradition, ami, above all, the Scriptural teaching of St. Paul's Pastoral Epistles, that makes us, in spite of obloquy, cling to this historic rule of Episcopal ordination. As I read my Bible and Church History, I find xhat Paul and Barnabas ordained ' elders,' not the ' saints' or ' disciples.' For this purpose, too, Titus was left by St. Paul in Crete ' to ordain elders in every city' — (Titas, 1\. iv.) It is difficult, then, to see how, because we hold the tradition which St Paul delivered, we are infringing on the 'liberty' of other Christian* to do with out Apostolic orders. We hinder them not; but when they require us to accept their self assumed authority it is really an infringement of our liberty ' to hold fast' the custom of the Churches from the Apostolic age. __ Nor does an apostolically-derived autho rity assert or imply the possession of any supernatural powers. The Sacra mento, we say, are 'generally necessary to salvation,' but no Anglican clergyman would affirm that without them none f»n be savud. The malefactor on the Cross though not baptized was admitted to Paradise; nevertheless, 'He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved' stands fast as the rule ; nor will we despise Apostolic authority given to administer tin ordinances of Christ. In my address last year I endea voured to show how the regular organizi tion of the Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church by the Apostles, with its divinely instituted Sacraments and appointed ministry, served to substantiate the facts oa which the Gospel is founded, viz., our Lord's death and resurrection, His ascension, the the coming of the Holy Ghost ; and to authenti cate also the New Testament Scriptures as well as preserve them. In cleaving then to an Apostolically instituted ministry, the Anglican clergy believe that they are securing the best external evidence to the Scriptures and doctrine of Christ, viz., the contemporaneous and un broken testimony of the living Church to the ground facts of the faith. Sorry we are when an isolation thus originated excites the anger of Christian men, but we dare not surrender the out works of the fortress raised for the defence and propagation of the Gospel. Rather, ' being defamed let us entreat.' Nor are the clergy£with greater degree of justice accused ot violating Christian brotherhood by declining to recognise un authorized ministrations. Unquestionably all Christian courtesy ought to be shown towards such Evangelists, 'for he that is not against us is with us ;' but to break the order of the Church, sanctioned by a continuity of more than 1800 years, involves a serious respon sibility. At all events, the Episcopal Church all over the world, not the individual minister, must bear the charge of exciusiveness and isola tion. Nor, so far as I am aware, has it led to the violation of brotherhood such as that in volved in forbidding an eminent and respected minister to approach the Lord's Table, when he would have reverently communicated in the chapel of another sect ! The Highest Church man in the Diocese would not, I believe, have repelled from that Holy Ordinance any well known and respectable minister, though not of us. As the Rev. Rowland Hill on a like occa sion is reported to have said — 'Your table! I thought it was the Lord's.' It is indeed sad to think that the 'one bread,' which is the symbol of unity, should be thus turned into the instrument of separation. Popu lar ordination no doubt secures pulpit ability, but it also has a manifest tendency - to produce self-sufficiency and a self-estimation which sometimes is 'puffed up, and behaveth unseemly.' The popular prophet is certainly not less likely to be thus affected than the Priest, whose delegated official authority makes him the servant, not ruler of the congregation which he instructs. Though we cannot give up a Ministry founded as we believe on the Apostolic commission, we may yet pray to be kept from ' priestly arrogance' and unchris tian 'intolerance/* waiting patiently until the duty and the possibility of being visibly one in Christ, as members of this one body shall be recognised as the more scriptural and more excellent way. On such union how much does the effectiveness of the Church's witness to a heathen world depend? Meanwhile let us regard every one who is on tie Lord's side spiritually as brothers in Christ. Let us rejoice tliat ' every way Christ w preached' without patching up a. hollow alliance and nominal union at the expense of sincerity and apostolic tradition. That tradi tion combined with Scripture is our best safe guard against the novel dogmatism of Some and self-assertion of individual opinion. In the name of liberty without licence, brother hood without compromise, spiritual equality without insubordination, let us stand on the old foundations, the Catholic and Apostolic Church; the immovable basis of the true communion of the saints on earth. BUSINESS MEETING. The business meeting was held at the Church Office, Leigh-street, at 3 o'clock in the after noon. There was a large attendance. The Bishop presided, and opened the proceedings with prayer. ATTENDANCE. The roll of attendance was made up as follows. 'We give the names of the parishes or districts represented, together with the names of the clergy and Synodsmen: — The Bishop. Holy Trinity, Adelaide — Eev. Richardson Reid; W. Gosse, W. A. Cawthorne, W. H. Holmes, W. Shakespeare. Christchurch, North Adelaide — Ven. Arch deacon Marryat, SLA. ; S. Smith. J. Bath, p St. Luke's, Adelaide— L. G. Madley, J. H. Cunningham, H. Boucaut, V. Lawrance. St. Paul's, Adelaide — The Very Rev. Dean Russell ; H. E. Brookes, H. S. Anthony. St. Paul'a, Port Adelaides-Rev. S. Green ; A. Jones, H. H. Thomas. St. John's, Adelaide— Rev. F. S. Poole, M.A.; H. Scott, O. 'Wchrstedt, F. H. Carter, J. G. Russell. St. Bartholomew's, Norwood— Rev. TV* B. Andrews ; J. E. Moulden, O. B. Mitchell. All Saints', Hindmarsh— Eev. H. M. Pollitt; B. Taylor. St. Margaret's, Woodville— G. A. Connor. St. Andrew's, Walkerville— Ven. Archdeacon Dove, M.A. ; C. B. Young. St. Matthew's, Kensington — Rev. E. Jenkins; J. Howell, E. W. Meredith. St. George's, Woodforde— Rev. A. Honner; H. D. Cruttenden. St. Michael's, Mitcham— Rev. Henry Reid, MA. ; N. Oldham, J. Williams. St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond— Rev. W. H. Mudie ; J. H. Wiles, J. N. Taylor. St. Mary's, South-road, and Christchurch, OBalloran Hill— Rev. J. Bach ; B. H. Babbage. St. Peter's, Glenelg— Rev. Thomas Field, ILA.: W.S.Douglas. St. Ann's, Aldinga. St.Stephen's,Willunga,and St.Philip's andSt. James's, Noarlunga— Rev. E.K. Miller; J. G. Holmes. St. James's, Blakiston, and Christchurch, Mount Barker, and St. Thomas's, Balhannah— Rev. J. W. Gower ; E. Alger. St. George's, Gawler— Rev. Canon Coombs: T. O. Jones, J. Thornley. Christchurch, Kapunda— Rev. J. M. Donald son ; W. Barlow, W. D. Scott. St. Mary's, The Burra— Rev. H. Howitt ? Neville Blyth, F. A. Grant. St. Jude's, Port Elliot— Rev. E. T. Howell, MA. ;H- Field. St. John's, Mount Pleasant— Rev. R. W. Holden (Deacon) ; W. S. Moore. St. Peter's, Robe— W. G. Cuthbertson. Christchurch, Gambierton— Rev.J.F.Hocter, BJL ; H. K. Hughes, F. Halcomb. St. Thomas-'s, Port Lincoln— S. C. Pearson. Christchurch, Yankalilla — Rev. C. W. Mor8e,B.A. All Saints', Moonta— Rev. J. H. Corvan, BA. St. John's, Macclesfield. St. Mary's, Eehunga. . . . ? Holy Trinity, Riverton— Rev. J.Houghton. St. Paul's, Rhynie. St. James's, Glenburn— Rev. C. W. Morsi; J. Lord. Emanuel, Chinkford— Rev. J. Houghton. St. Michael's, Bungaree, and St. Barnabis's, Clare— Rev. R. B. Webb, MA. ; J. Hope. St. John's, Auburn— Rev. C.W. Hawkins; J. W. Castine. Christchurch, Kadina. St. Mary's, Wallaroo— Rev. C. G. Taplin ; G. W. Sillifant. Holy Evangelists', Goolwa— G. E. DeMole. St. Jude%, Brighton — H. Dutton. The following clergy also ho'd th? licence of the Bishop and are on the roll: — * - Bev. Canon Farr, MA., Rev. F. Williams, MA, Eev. W. BL Sharp, M.An Rev. J. C. Haynes, Rev. H. J. Poole, M.A., Rev. A. Sells, MA-,Rev.R.Josling,Rev. A Dendy,DJX SELECT COMMITTEEa. It was unanimously resolved, on the motion cf the Rev. S. Green, seconded by Dean Russell—' That Standing Order No. 54 be re pealed, and the following substituted : — ' Select Committees shall cousist of five members, un less by leave of Synod, and shall be elected by nomination, or, in case more than the number required axe nominated, by ballot ; and in all cases the consent to act of the persons nominated shall be first obtained. All such Committees shall be instructed to report, either to Synod or to the Standing Committee.' ' ELECTION COMMITTEE'S RETORT. The Committee called attention to the fact that All Saints' (Hindmarsh), St. Margaret's (Woodville), St. John's (Auburn), and St. John's (Mount Pleasant), had each returned two Synodmen, and expressed the opinion that in each case the second representative could only be admitted by express permission of Synod also that it was extremely undesirable that the Chairman of a Vestry should allow any altera tion in the number of regulations without reference to Synod, and that the same regula tions should be made as far as representation was concerned with respect to the separation of Churches or parishes which had hitherto beau united or formed part of a united parish. Appeals were lodged on behalf of each of tl e Churches alluded to, which were referred to the new Election Committee. ELECTION COMMITTEE. The Election Committee was appointed as follows: — Dean Russell, Archdeacon Marrya1-, Messrs. N. Blyth, M.P., H. Scott, and C. B. Young. STATE OF THE DIuCESB. The Bishop read the following report: — In my report last year I remarked that under the voluntary system, without help from 'with- out, local resources would be found inadequate to supply the scattered population with minis terial services.' As time has gone on the popu lation by selection of land in the agricultural ureas has become more dispersed, and the difficulty has increased. While thi selectors with scanty means (for the most part) are making homes for themselves, building dwellings, enclosing lands, procuring cattle or machinery, enduring often much hardship and poor fare, it is unreasonable to expect more than jcanty offerings for the support of a ministry or towards building a place of worship. A bad season may frustrate all their hopes, and throw them back for years in the struggle for compe tence. It is incumbent, then, on the Church at large, as far as possible, to provide for its people, uid to go after the flock settled in the wider aess Missionary Clergy.— Men of zeal, energy, and ictivity are needed for this work; and, of jourse, a considerable fund for their support, [repeat then my words of last year, 'that the most needful work of the Synod at this time was in this direction, viz., to increase the * Home Mission Fund' for the support of purely mis sionary clergy.' Some steps by means of a Com mittee were taken in furtherance of this object is regards the Broughton areas, which have proved successful, but there is need of more systematic labour to carry on this important work. By Fundamental Provision No. 18, the spiritual care of members of the Church not re siding in any parish rests with the Bishop. The extension of the agricultural areas, and the migration in part of the population from the aid cures, has rendered this work so onerous as well as extensive, that I find myself, as years idvance, unable to cope with it satisfac torily. In defining the missions, ap portioning Church funds towards the support of the missionaries, procuring the latter from England or elsewhere, ascertaining their special suitability for the localities in which they are to work, it is very desirable that the Bishop or his Vicar-General, who in his absence idministers the Diocese, should have assistance. [ suggest for this purpose a permanent Board -r Council of Advice, with which he may take xransel, and so avoid ' that any man should ilame him in the abundance which is adininis ;ered by him.' Churchmen generally would nore readily contribute to a Mission Fund thus nanagedand apportioned. After giving the subject full consideration I jropo8e to constitute this body thus: — 1, The Hcar-General, 2 members (1 clerical and L lay) elected annually by Standing Com nittee ; 1, the Attorneys of the SJP.G. and that -f the Directors of the Church of England Endowment Society should be members of the Standing Committee. The Standing or Execu ;ive Committee of Synod would thus be joined with the other managers of Church funds, who it present act independently. The Bishop irould be fortified by the advice of all those xxHes, land so receive the moral-'support of the vhole Church in his arrangements for the ipiritual care of the members of the Church lot residing in any parish.' It is desirable that ill the members of the Council should be on the Standing Committee, and it is most probable hat four out of the five will always be so. To Bake it compulsory would perhaps throw from lime to time a difficulty in the way of ncluding the Attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel or the Church of England Endowment Society Directors. Want of Clergy. — During the absence of Mr. Horse, invalided in England, of Revs. H. IrVilliams and H.M. Pollitt in Tasmania, as well is the removal of the Rev. J. A. Boake to the Diocese of Goulbourn, I experienced very great lifficulty in keeping the South Yorke's Peninsula Mission, the Broughton Areas Churches, Strath ilbyn, the Meadows, Clare, and other places even partially supplied with the services of a minister. My thanks are due to the Revs. Henry J. Poole and J. H. Corvan, who fre quently travelled long distances with this abject. On the return of Mr. Morse in restored health the Rev. J. H. Corvan assumed the pastorate of Moonta and Maitland, but his zeal ind single-minded energy will always be kindly remembered in South Yorke's Peninsula; that mission being now in charge of the Rev. C. Morse. Incumbencies. — The important township and district of Clare has been filled by the Rev. R. B. Webb, and the opportune arrival of the Rev. A. Sells has enabled me to fill up the vacant cure of Lyndoch, WiUiamstown, and Pewsey Vale. The Rev. Arthur Dendy, D JX, has since joined the diocese, raising the number of Anglican clergy at this time to 40, through the aid voted for this purpose by the Church of England Endowment Society. Missionary Districts. — Yorke's Peninsula is now once more regularly visited, being placed under the pastoral superintendence of the Rev. C. Morse, many of whose former parishioners have migrated to those Areas. At the earliest period possible this district must receive a resi dent missionary. For the Laura District — embracing James town, Gladstone, and (provisionally) Port Pirie — a resident ordained minister is urgently re quired. At each of these places churches have been built, congregations have been formed, and a fair amount of local support promised, to which grants from a General Mission Fund must for a time at least be made. That the standard of education for the ministry should be lowered in order to multiply clergy is very much to be depre cated ; but it is impossible to obtain men intellectually as well as morally and spiritually fit to influence congregations without offering somewhat more than a bare subsistence. Pro visionally at least it is better that one educated clergyman, assisted by lay readers, should super intend a large district than to multiply the number of jll-educated and unlearned ministers for its service. Candidates for Holy Orders. — We have, I am happy to say, an increasing number of young men desirous of being labourers in the Lord's vineyard. We are warned, nevertheless, against placing 'a novice' in the seat of a ruling Elder. When a man 'has put his hand to the plough' there is no turning back ; and he who gives offence by ignorance, negligence, or want of spiritual interest in the work of God, is an enemy to religion and to the Master whom he professes to serve. Theological Students. — In connection with this subject I may mention the name of Edward Spicer, who, by the help of grants from this diocese and the Society for promoting Christian Knowledge, has been able to complete his Uni versity course at Melbourne, and has finally obtained first honours in Science there. The advantage of University lectures will be offered henceforth in our midst, and as far as possible our theological students be required to avail themselves of the professoiral education thus offered to them. Statistics.— There is nothing especially worthy of remark in the parochial statistics. The re turns have been very inconveniently and more than usually delayed. _ They show that where : ever the clergy ate diligent and discreet there is no Lick of interest in her services, or alienation from the principles of our Church. Vestries. — Judging from the reports published of the Vestry meetings the parishes are in a state of prosperity, peace, and union; while their Anniversary Sunday-school festivals indi catd the unabated vigour of the teachers and attachment of the scholars. That of Trinity being its 40th was celebrated Twith a warmth and heartiness pleasant to notice. Church Building. — I have observed with satis faction that in six places new buildings, or additions to existing churches have been con templated, if not actually commenced, viz. — at Mount Lofty, Mitcham, Magill, Walkerville, tbe Burra, and Mount Gambier, while Trinity Church, Adelaide, is about to be reseated. At Moonta the liabilities on the church have been much reduced; at Enfield and the Meadows cleared off. Cathedral.— It has been a great satisfaction to me that to-day the Synod assembled in the Cathedral for the first time. Three beautitul memorial windows have lately been erected — one to the memory of the child of Sir A. and Lady Musgrave, another to that of Governor Sir H. Fox Young (presented by Lady Young), and a third to commemorate our late friend Richard Bowen Colley, cut off in the flower of manhood. He has nevertheless left a name renowned for hearty and sound judging, Church manship,and sincere zeal in the cause of religion. I cannot help before quitting this subject expressing my thankfulness that I have been permitted in the providence of God with slender means to bring on thus far towards com pletion the beautiful building in which we assembled this morning. I hardly know how it grew to its present dimensions. By the kind cc-operation and liberality of many friends the work has been accomplished. Oa the building itself there is absolutely no debt whatever. Ard here I must not fail to specify the beautiful Holy Communion table and Bishop's chair, the latter the gift of St. George's, Magill; the former of Rev. S. and Mrs. Green. But the other fittings, modest as they are, remain yet an obli gation to be liquidated. A debt of £500 has thus been incurred resting on a few individuals, whose liability is to be removed by the annual subscription of 5s. by the members of the Cathe dral Aid Association. I would earnestly ask of the members of this Synod to procure additional members to this Association. A few hundred names would speedily extinguish this debt to the Bank of South Australia at a trifling cost to the individual subscribers. Other friends have already undertaken to collect for the organ, the erection of which, and other expenses included, make a debt, which has yet to be met, of about £600. When the times are more propitious I doubt not that the same zealous friends who last year collected about £800 towards the instrument will succeed in finishing the good work to which they have set their hand. And here, before I close this review, I must briefly touch upon one painful topic : the absence of our respected Secretary, Frederic Wick steed. We miss to-day among us his face, so familiar to us all and endeared through many a long year, during which he has assiduously pro moted and watched over the institution and progress of this Synod. To his patience, per severance, and kindly influence it has attained to much of its present usefulness. It has pleased God to visit him with infirmity which disables him from continuing his labours ; but I am much mistaken if we and those nume rous friends whom a long life of consistent and able conduct have secured for him will not be ready to show sympathy for him in his affliction and relieve those dependent upon his labours in the difficulties which that affliction may, per haps, throw around them. Meanwhile, during the five months in which he has been unable to give his personal superintendence, the general business of the Church Office has been carried on satisfactorily by his able assistant, Mr. H. S. Anthony, acting as pro Secretary. Keligious Thought. — Amid all the unrest and unsettled tone of religious opinion occa sioned by materializing science and unsparing criticism, I nevertheless am persuaded that a firmer because more intelligent faith is growing up in those who frequent our churches and love the Book of Common Prayer. Indeed, men of understanding will never surrender the glorious Gospel of the 'Grace of God' for the blank guess of an unproved atomic evolution. Scoff who may, we shall hold on the even tenor of our v ay, linked, as we believe, by our Ministry anil Sacraments, our Creeds and Scriptures, our Liturgy and Psalmody, with the Apostolic Churches, as well as those ' Holy Apostles and Prophets' on whom our Lord deigned to breathe on the evening of His Resurrection Day, whom he sent forth as the Father had sent Himself— with plenary authority to found Hjs Church : to remit or retain sins. Having this historic basis for the ' things which are most surely believed among us,' we feel in the living Catholic and Apostolic Church, dating from the Apostles themselves, we have a sure guarantee for the authenticity and genuineness of the New Testament Scriptures, as well as in the ancient Creeds, the doctrine of which those Scriptures confirm. They furnish us with the best safe guard against the novelties of Roman dogma tism and of ultra-Protestant private opinion. Content with the assurance thus provided, we dwell securely under the shadow of that Olive Tree into which the Gentile branches were grafted when the natural branches were broken off; and we wait patiently for the appointed time when the restored unity of the Universal Church shall be a witness to the world that God hath sent His Soh. to take away its sins, who is over all, God blessed for ever. 8TAXDIHG COMMITTEE'S REPORT. 1\. The Standing Committee submit to Synod their annual report upon the different matters referred to them and to Special Committees by the last Synod, and upon those which have otherwise occupied their attention during the past year. MATTERS REFERRED BT SYNOD. 2\. Min. 931. Clergy, Widow, and Orphan Fund.- In accordance with the recommendation contained in this minute, the Investment Com mittee have invested £151 11s. 10d. in the purchase of Sections 24, 37, 48, 172, and 173, Hundred of Pirie, suburban to Township of Port Pirie, containing 49 J acres. 3\. Min. 934. Christchurch, Kadina. — Lot No. 11, Township of Kadina, has been transferred to the nominee of the Churchwardens, in accord ance with report of Standing Committee, 13th June, 1876, Min. 944. 4\. Mins. 937 and 950. Superannuation Fund Committee. — They have received the report of this Sub- Committee, which, after slight amend ment, they have approved, printed, and circu lated, and now submit for adoption by Synod. Steps have been taken to commence the fund by forwarding copies of the report to the clergy, with a request that they would bring the subject under the notice of their vestries, and take steps to collect contributions to the Capital Guaran tee Fund, and instruct their Synodsmen to re port to Synod what has been done. The attorneys of the S.P.G. have determined to supplement the subscriptions received pound for pound up to a maximum of £100 per annum for three years. A list of promises received will be laid on the table. It has been recommended by the Committee that the name given to this fund be the ' Clergy Annuity Fund.' . 5\. Min. 921. General Synod.— The Diocese of Adelaide was represented in the General Synod at Sydney by the Lord Bishop, the Ven. Arch deacon Marryat, Revs. W. B. Andrews, and E. T. Howell, and Messrs. Neville Blyth, C. B. Young, and J. B. Hughes. Their report of the proceedings will be laid before Synod. The attorneys of the S.P.G. liberally granted the sum of £90 towards payment of the travelling expenses of the representatives. By the assis tance of other clergymen and lay readers the Churches during the absence of their incum bents were maintained with their accustomed regularity. 6\. Min. 952. St Mary's, the Burra, and St. John's, Adelaide. — A Sub-Committee was ap pointed to enquire into the matters referred to in the memorial of the minister and Church wardens of St. Mary's, the Burra, and they reported that they had forwarded to the Churchwardens of St. John's copies of the memorial from St. Mary's, and of the resolu tions of Synod and of tha Standing Committee thereon ; but the Churchwardens of St. John's declined to consent to the arbitration of the Standing Committee or of the Sub-Committee. The Sub-Committee under these circumstances , re. onimended that the matter of the memorial be not enquired into. The Standing Com mittee then examined all letters and documents referring to the matter submitted to them by the representatives of St. Mary's, and passed tbe following resolution— ' That the Standing Committee having heard the letters and evi dence offered by the Vestry of St. Mary's, the Burra, with reference to their claim on St. John's, decline to take any further steps in the matter. 7\. Min. 954. Vestry Record Books.— They are happy to be able to report that their efforts to make the use of Vestry Record Books general throughout the Diocese have been quite suc cessful, and all of those distributed have been paid for except three. OTHER BUSINESS. The Committee now proceed to those matters which have claimed from time to time during the past year their attention : — 8\. Assessment. — They report that they esti mate the expenditure for the ensuing year as follows: — Secretary's salary, £150; printing, £50 ; postage, £15 ; advertising, £10 ; sundries, £10; total £235. They recommend the same rate of assessment of 8d. per sitting less, as per Statistical Returns of 1875-6 (for the lilt vide Appendix C), amounting to £243 18s. The assessment for Hie vast year has been sufficient to cover the expenditure and leave a balance in hand of £32 11s. 9d. 9\. Schedule C— In accordance with thf reso lution of Synod, limiting the time during which Churches shall receive grant-in-aid according to the scale of Churches in Schedule A (see Min. 675, May 8, 1874), the following Churches will be placed in Schedule C after June 30, 191S, unless the Synod shall determine otherwise : — St. John's, Mount Pleasant, 15£ years, £238 1*, lid. ; St. Matthew's, Hamilton, 15 years, £35 12s. Both these Churches received notice to this effect in March hut, and have appealed against the transfer. Their case is therefore submitted to the consideration of Synod. 10\. Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund.— The Trustees publish a progress account from June 30, 1876, to date. A clergyman who had held the Bishop's licence for a period of 15 years having left the diocese, and having requested to be allowed to continue a subscriber to the Fund, your Committee have obtained an opinion from their solicitors that so long as a clergyman subscribing to the Fund is an incumbent, whether within or without the diocese, he must make the annual collection, as provided by Clause 4 of the Trust Deed. They are happy to be able to state that all arrears of premiums have been paid up. 11\. Table of Collections, &c;— The Committee present (v'de Appendix C) a table showing the amounts received from each Church for the various funds, the amounts paid as grants in aid of clerical incomes, and the proposed assess ment for 1S77-8. The following is a compara tive statement of the totals of these amounts for the p»st two years : — Received. 1875-6. 1876-7. Synodal Assessment... £226 17 4...£234 8 8 Home Mission ... 271 7 8... 246 9 11 Mission to the Heathen 14116 5... 136 10 9 Paid. Grants inaidof Clerical Incomes ? 490 5 3... 399 14 0 Your Committee observe with regret a slight falling off in the offertories for the Home Mission and the Mission for the Heathen, not withstanding the fact that the number of con tributing Churches has increased. They express the hope that the clergy will urge the claims of these funds on their congregations during the coming year. ? 12. Home Mission Fund. — They are happy to report that they have again paid the grantin aid of clerical incomes at full scale. They have to call the attention of the Churches in Schedule A to the fact that, before any grant can be made on account of Stipend Fund or Offertory, there must be a collection at every Sunday service. 13\. Mission to the Heathen.— They have voted £8 6s. 5d. out of that portion of the funds placed at their disposal, towards the repayment of the balance due to the Treasurer of the Lace pede Bay Native Mission, which, together with a similar grant to the Trustees of the Poonindie Native Institution, liquidated the debt due when the Mission was finally closed last year. The balance of the funds th»y have voted to the Melanesian Mission. 14\. Endowment of Churches. — They report that during the past year two endowments have been effected under the amended system adopted by the Synod during its last session, viz., St. Mary's, Penola, £260, and St. Augus tin's, Port Victor, £500; the Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society have contributed £150 towards the former and £300 towards the latter. 15\. Schedule A. — No Churches have been added to this Schedule during the past year. 16\. Statistical Returns. — Your Committee are happy to be able to state that the Statistical Returns have been received from all the Churches, with the exception of a few in which there have been no regular ministrations; but they regret that twenny-three were not for warded until a period so late as to occasion great inconvenience. 17\. Gifts to Synod. — Your Committee desire to acknowledge with thanks the following gifts to Synod: — From Mr. George Warren, two acres at WiUiamstown, for the benefit of the Incum bent of St. Peter's ; from Mr. A. Beckmanri.part Section 428, Hundred Wallaroo, 23 perches, for Church purposes ; from Mr C. B. Young, an allotment near Caltowie, as a site for a par sonage. 18\. Bequest to Synod.— Messrs. R. N. Colley and W. L. Reid, the executors of the will of the late Edmund Cullen, have paid to the Treasurer fche sum of £400 legacy, and £13 5s. 5d. interest, bequeathed by the will to the Synod incorpo rated unconditionally. The Synod will there fore have to decide as to its disposal. Your Committee desire to record their thankful sense of the charitable care for the Church manifested by this bequest of the late Edmund Cullen. 19\. Appointment of Sub-Committees. — Inas much as a difficulty has occasionally been felt at the meetings of Synod with respect to the mode of appointing Select Committees, the Standing Committee recommend that Standing Order No. 54 be altered to read as follows: — ' Select Com mittees shall consist of five members unless by leave of Synod, and shall be elected by nomina tion, or in case more than the number required are nominated, by ballot; and in all cases the consent to act of the persons nominated be first obtained. All such Committees shall be in structed to report either to Syuod or to the Standing Committee.' pi. Vacant Cores. — The Treasurer has re ceived £36 12s. 3d. from this source during the year, of which £19 15s. 7dn being on account of St. Mary's, Penola, has been voted to maintain periodical services in that parish during the vacancy of the cure. The balance in hand now amounts to £62 16s. 8d. 21\. Boundaries of St. Paul's, Port Adelaide, St. Margaret's, Woodville, and All Saints, Hind marsh. — In consequence of a letter addressed to your Committee by the Vestry of St. Margaret's, Woodville, a Sub-Committee was appointed to consider this subject. Their report as adopted by this Committee is published herewith. 22\. Lady Musgrave's Gift.— They have at the request of Lady Musgrave accepted the trust of £15 placed in the Savings Bank to the credit of the Corporation, the annual income to be used in providing Christmas prizes for the following institutions connected with the Church of England: — The Orphan Home, Adelaide; St. Paul's Day-School, Flinders-street, Adelaide; and St. Peters Day-School, Glenelg. 23\. Jubilee Presentation to the Lord Bishop on St. Peter's Day. — \our Committee have to report that they took occasion of the Lord Bishop's completion of his fiftieth year after his admission to the diaconnte to prepare an address of congratulation, which was duly presented to him in the Cathedral on St. Peter's Day. At the same time the Standing Committee gave its sanction to a series of jubilee services to be hald in the several churches, at which offertories should be made, for the purpose of presenting His Lordship with an Eagle Lectern for the Cathedral. To both these presentations the Bishop returned replies, expressing his gratifica tion, and reciprocating the kind feelings which had dictated them. 24\. Illness of the Secretary. —It is with ex treme regret the Committee have to report that they have been deprived, through illness, of the assistance of your Secretary, Mr. F. Wicksteed, for some four months. Great sympathy has been felt, and leave of absence has been given in the hope that his strength may be restored. Mr. H. S. Anthony has performed the duties of the office as Acting-Secretary. 25\. Standing Conncil of Advice. — The Com mittee wish to include in 'their report the statement that at a recent meeting the Lord Bishop informed them that the affair* of the diocese had now attained such magnitude that he thought it would be advisable to appoint a Standing Council of Advice to assist him with their advice in matters at present not specially provided for, and suggested that it should con sist of five members, two to be appointed by the Standing Committee, one by the attorneys of the SJP.G., one by the Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society, and the Vicar General to be the fifth. A. RrssRi.1., Chairman. Adelaide, April 24, 1877. KEFORT OF THE REPRESEUTATITE3 TO GENERAL STXOD. The representatives appointed by the Synod of the Diocese of Adelaide to attend the General Synod of the Dioceses in Australia and Tas mania, held in Sydney on October last, have to report that the following matters engaged the attention of the Synod : — 1\. The following motion was carried by 7 Bishops to 1 dissentient; 25 clergy to 2 dis sentients; 16 laity to 1 dissentient: — 'That tbe Constitutions adopted by the Church in 1872 be now ratified by this Synod.' 2\. The Bishop of Tasmania moved that the 8tb Section of the Constitution which provides ' that no determination of the General Synod shall be binding upon the Church in any diocese unless and nntil such determination shall be accepted by the Church in such diocese,' shall be repealed so far as it relates to the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd powers, which powers are thus defined : — 1\. Constitution of Appellate Tribunal and a Tribunal for the trial of Bishops. 2. The framing of general rules for the formation of new dioceses and provinces. 3. The mp.king of rules for the confirmation and due consecration of future Bishops, and the election or appoint ment of future Primates. This resolution was nugatived on a division by a majority of 5 bishops, 6 clergy, 10 laity. 3\. A motion to the effect that 'The General Synod is of opinion that a common fund for the benefit of the widows and orphans of the clergy of the Church in Australia should berormed as scon as practicable' was referred to & Com nrittee, who reptoted— 'They were not able to offer any definite suggestions as to the course which it will be beet ultimately to follow, but recomiaend that dioceses not yet possessing any Fund should take immediate steps for the formation «f one, with a view to amalgamation with older Societies on such terms as may be mutually agi«ed upon.' 4\. The next business wa» the proposed amend ment of Determination No. 1, clauses 1 and 2, relating to the confirmation and consecration of Biahops, which w&t; introdueed by Sir William Stawell. The first object sought to be obtained was that the seni»r Bishop of Australia and Tasmania should be empowered to act in the event of the death «r inability to act of the Metropolitan or Primate, and thui to correct what was evidently an oversight of the first General Synod. The second object was to mike clear that it should not be necessary in the case of a newly-elected Bishop to obtain the double approval first of the Metropolitan or Primate and afterwards of a majority of the Bishops, but that the appointment should be confirmed by a majority of the Biahops including the Primate or Metropolitan^ who should have a second vote in the event of an equality of votes. The consideration of this question occupied part of six consecutive days, and collapsed at 20 minutes to 12 o'clock on the seventh day by a count-out. The proposed amendments would have received the unanimous approval of the Adelaide representatives. 5\. A proposal to authorize the election of Assistant Bishops, with right of succession to the See, made by the Bishop of Bathurst, was withdrawn by him, it having been suggested that no such power was included in Clause No. 8 of the Constitution which defines the powers of General Synod. 6\. A proposal for rules concerning the appoint ment of the first Bishop of a new Diocese was referred, in the first instance, to a Committee, but the resolution referring it to the Committee was afterwards rescinded on the ground that the matter was beyond the powers of the general Synod. 7\. The Bishop of Adelaide proposed the for mation of a tribunal for the trial of Bishops, in accordance with the 8th Article of the Constitu tion. After some discussion the whole question was referred to the House of Bishops for their consideration and report to the next general Synod. 8\. The Bishop of Adelaide moved, 'That whereas the preface to the form and manner of making, ordaining, and consecrating bishops, priests, and deacons, states the law of the Church of England to be 'that none shall be admitted deacon except he be 23 years of age unless he have a faculty' — and it is desirable that this power of dispensa tion as to age should be defined and, in certain cases, exercised; the House of Bishops be re quested to frame rules whereby the granting of such faculty may be exercised uniformly in the Dioceses represented in this Synod.' This motion was withdrawn, the points having been raisen that the action was at issue with the statute law of the Church of England, and that it was competent only for the Archbishop of Canterbury under the rubic to grant such a faculty. It was felt by the mover and seconder most undesirable that such a fundamental ques tion as to the limitation of the powers of General Synod should be discussed suddenly on i point thus accidentally raised. 9\. The Bishop of Adelaide moved—' That in accordance with Canon 48, A..D. 1603-4, every ilergyman migrating from one Diocese to mother, represented in the General Synod, shall present to the Ordinary of the Diocese in which tie seeks to serve the testimony in writing of bhe Ordinary of the Diocese from which he removes that he is worthy as to his moral con luct and conformity to the laws of the Chmrch to receive licence, and that such testimony be x-nveyed by the said Ordinary, with his signature, in the form of testimonials, signed by three beneficed clergymen. N.B. — The prac tice at present is that testimonials are signed by three beneficed clergymen, and are merely countersigned by the Bishop to the effect that those whose signatures are attached are beneficed sr licensed clergymen of his Diocese. The notion was discussed and withdrawn. 10\. On the motion of the Bishop of Adelaide, the 'Act of Uniformity Amendment Act, 1372,' was approved of by the General Synod. 11\. The General Synod appointed the Bishop ?f Brisbane President of the Executive Council )f the Board of Missions, and elected five ;lerical and five lay members, in accordance ivith the Determination No. 3. 12\. The Bishop of Bathurst brought up a De termination in the form of 'Rules for the formation of new Dioceses and Provinces.'' Ihe rules referring to the formation of new Provinces were withdrawn. The General Synod proceeded with the remainer of the rules, which were finally passed as 'Determination No. 1, L876 ; Rules for the formation of new Dioceses in Australia and Tasmania.' A copy of this Determination is annexed to this report. Besides the above-mentioned business, one of bbe topics which largely engaged the attention of the General Synod, although no direct motion was brought forward on the subject, was the claim made by the Bishop of Sydney to the position of Metropolitan of Australia by virtue of letters patent sustained as distinct from his office and power as Primate of the General Synod of Australia and Tasmania. Charles Marrtat, Chairman. William B. Andrews. E. T. Howell. Neville Blyth. C. B. Young. J»o. B. Hcohbs. GEN-EHAL SYNOD, 1876— DETERMINATION NO. 1. (Made Friday, October 15, 1876). Rules for the formation of new dioceses in Australia and Tasmania. 1\. Assignment of Territory.— The territory of a_ new diocese shall not extend beyond the limits of one civil province. 2\. New Dioceses. — A new diocese may be formed — (a). By dividing an existing diocese. (b). By assigning to the proposed new diocese a portion of the territory belonging to two or more dioceses, (c). By assigning to the proposed new diocese territory not included in any diocese, (d). By assigning to the proposed new diocese portions of territory belonging to one or more dioceses, together with territory not included in any diocese. 3\. Method of proceeding to form a new Diocese. — Any member of the Church desirous of promoting the erection of a new diocese, and resident in the diocese, or one of the dioceses or unassigned territory con cerned in the division, shall, in the first instance, submit a proposal to the Bishop of the diocese in which he resides, or if resident in any territory not yet assigned to any diocese to the Bishop or Bishops of the diocese or dioceses concerned in tbe division, or in the case described in clause ii., sub-section c, to the Primate. 4\. Consents Required.— The proposal to form such new diocese shall have the approval of the Bishop and the concurrence ot \e Assembly or Synod, of every diocese to be affected thereby, and also be assented to by a majority of the clerical and lay representatives of the portion or portions of the diocese or dioceses intended to be formed into a new diocese. And in the case of assigning to a proposed new diocese, territory not included in any existing diocese, the consent thereto of the Metropolitan, or, if there be no Metropolitan, of the Primate shall be obtained. 5\. Sufficiency of Endowment. — No new diocese shall be created until the Metropolitan, or where there is no Metropolitan, the Primate shall be satisfied that a sufficient endowment has been secured for the maintenance of the See. 6\. Arrangements of Property. — All arrange ments with regard to property belonging to any Diocese which it is proposed to divide shall, subject to due observance of specific trusts, be made previous to division, and such arrange ments shall be final. 7\. Transfer of Territory. — The Bishop or Bishops of any diocese or dioceses, out of which it is proposed to create a new See, shall with the consent of the Metropolitan, or where there is no Metropolitan, with the consent of the Primate, transfer to the newly-appointed Bishop such part or parts of their Dioceses as shall have been assigned to the new See. MELANESIA!* MISSION CumiITTEK*3 REPORT. The Committee of the Melauesian Mission have to report thit the Standing Committee, having appointed the following gentlemen to act as a Committee to carry on the work in aid of this mission, viz. : — The Very Rev. the Dean, Ven. Archdeacons Marryat and Dove, Rev. Canon Farr, Rev. Professor Ptead, Rev. W. B. Andrews, and Mr. Neville 'Blyth, they deemed it desirable to call in the aid of others, the Revs. F. S. Poole and H. M. Pollitt, Messrs. F. T. Withiugton, C Herbert Young, J. Mon crieff, H. D. Holmes, L. G. Madley, H. Dutton, E. N. Newbury, and H. S. Anthony (Hon. Secre tary and Treasurer), and Canon Farr uudertoak, as heretofore, the correspondence with the authorities of the Mission : which arrangements ?were approved by the Standing Committee. Circulars have been sent to all old subscribers, to superintendents of Sunday Schools, and to ministers of suburban parishes, and collecting cards have been distributed ; but in conse quence of the general failure of the harvest it was deemed expedient to suspend for a season active and general operations throughout the diocese. In consequence of the beginning thus made, and the collecting cards that have been issued, increased rabscriptions have already been received from the following Sunday Schools :— Holy Trinity and St. Paul's, Ade laide- ; St. Peter's, GleneJg ; and Christ Church, Yankalilla. St. John's Sunday School, Auburn, had already «ent in a contribution. It is inte resting to observe that the Dwcas Sewing-Class of Native Women at Poonindie has sent in £2. The Coniraittee earnestly trust that during the ensuing year the Melanesian Mission work may have a leading place given to it m our Sunday Schools. Your Committee have during tlra past year remitted the smn of £225 to the authorities of the Mission at Auckland. A. R. RrsSELL, Chairman. theological ajto ecclesiastical libuauy committee's report. This report stated that the receipts for the past year had been £14 5«. 6d. ; balance from last year, £11 14s. 6d. r total, £23. The expen diture had been £11 14*. 5-i, leaving a balance in hand of £16 5s. 7d. The arrears of subscrip tions were £3 13s. 6d., the number of subscribers being 17. CHTTBCHBS AT PORT ADELAIDE, WOODVILLE, AND HI2TDHA&HI.; The Committee appointed to deal with this matter repcrted a resolution passed at a Vestry meeting of St. Margaret's, Woodville, upon which Mr. Connor had suggested that the Incumbent be at liberty to take other clerical duty every Sunday evening and on alternate Sunday after noons. The Rev. S. Green had proposed that Woodville be for the present attached as a curacy to the Port, the connection to be severed with the Bishop's consent and either Vestry giving six months' notice. The Committee re commended that Mr. Green's proposal be adopted, or failing tnat Mr. Connor's; otherwise that the members of the Church at Alberton form them selves into a district or parish. FINANCE. The following is a summary of the different accounts : — Synodal account, receipts including balances from last year, £1,617 7s. 5d.; expendi ture, £959 6s.; balance to credit, £658 Is. 5d. Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, receipts, including balance for last year, £4,681 2s. 5d.; expenditure, £4,262 8s. 7d.; balance to credit, £418 13s. lOd. Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund, receipts, including £1,000 loan repaid, £2,109 5s. lid.; expenditure, including loans, £1,650, £2,109 8s.; balance to credit, £168 58\. lid. Allen's Pastoral Aid Fund, receipts, including £2,175 loans repaid, and £1,000 deposit receipt, £3,751 15s. lOd,; expenditure, including £2,200 loans, and £1,000 deposit receipt, £3,429 2s. 10d.; balance to credit, £322 13s. Melanesian Mission, receipts, £234 12s. 6d.; expenditure, £231 10s. 4d.; balance to credit, £3 2s. 2cL COMMITTEE OF APPEAL. The Rev. E. T. Howell, Messrs. W. D. Scott, and H. K. Hughes were appointed the Com mittee of Appeal. ASSESSORS. The Assessors were elected as follows: — Clerical — Dean Russell, Archdeacons Marryat, and Dove, Canon Coombs, Revs. S. Green and W. B. Andrews. Lay — Messrs. C. B. Young, G. A. Connor, W. S. Douglas, N. Oldham, S. O. Pearson, and G. E. DeMole. VOTES OF THANKS. It was resolved that the thanks of Synod be given to the Bishop for his valuable pastoral address and report ; to the Attorneys of the S. P. G. the Trustees of Allen's P. A. Fund, the Committees of the Incorporeted Church of Eng land Endowment Society, the Melanesian Mis sion, and the Theological and Ecclesiastical Library for their reports and statistical returns. SYNODAL EXPENSES AND REPORT. It was resolved that the assessment for Synodal expenses be as proposed by the stand ing Committee. TheRevs. F. S. Poole, S. Green, and H. M. Pollitt, and Mr. Anthony, were ap pointed a Committee to edit the report of Sjkod. CLERGY ANNUITY FUND. Mt.N.Blyth, M.P., moved, and Mr. J. Thornlsy econded — '.That in accordance with the report of the Superannuation Fund Committee a fund be commenced, to be called the Clergy Annuity Fund, and that the rules and regulations be as . reposed by the Committee.' The Rev. T. Field expressed the opinion hat the clergy should not be called upon to contribute towards such a fund, but that if it were established it should be by the laity and applied to Ihe relief of the aged clergy. The l.'uv. E. T. Howell, whilst differing from Mr. Field, said that judging from what he had heard in his own parish the laity would cheer fully join in contributing to the fund. Synod then went into Committee to consider the details of the Committee's report. The fund is intended for the relief of clergymen who may be permanently incapacitated by age or by mental or physical infirmity by providing an annuity which it was hoped would* not'be less than £50 per annnm. It was stated that the Society for the Propa gation of the Gospel would contribute for three ytaro pound for pound subscribed. It was decided that a Capital Guarantee Fund be raised of not less than £1,500; that the whole offertory of one Sunday in the year in every congregation be appropriated to the fund and available for income when there are recipients for the fund, until which time the offertory form part of the Guarantee Fund ; and that no annuities be granted until the Gaurantee Fund shall have reached a minimum sum of £1,000. The Synod adjourned at half-past 6 for aD hour. Evening Srrnso. CLERGY ANNUITY FUND. The Committee proceeded with the considera tion, emendation, and adoption of the rules for the administration of the fund. It was decided that to receive its benefit clergymen shall make annual payments of £1 until they reach the age ' of 35, £1 10s. until they reach the age of 45, and £2 afterwards until they became annuitants. Mr. Blyth's motion was then carried, and an addition made to regulation, not fundamental, No. 20, so as to include the Clergy Annuity Fund within its provisions. Thanks were accorded to the Committee for their valuable report. STANDING COMMITTEE. The Standing Committee were elected as follows:— Clergy — The Bishop, Dean Russell, ' Archdeacons Marryat and Dove, Revs. S. Green, W. B. Andrews, T. Field, and H. M. Pollitt. Laity— Dr. Gosse, Messrs. N. Blyth, M.P., O. B. Young, W. S. Douglas, N. Oldham, H. Scott, EL D. Cruttenden, H. S. Anthony, W. Barlow, J. H. Cunningham, W. D. Scott, W. G. Cuthbert son, H. K. Hughes, M J., and F. Wicksteed. Treasurers — Messrs. H. Dutton and W. S. Douglas. Auditors — Messrs. J. H. Cunningham and H. D. Cruttenden. The Synod adjourned at 10 o'clock till this morning at 11 o'clock to sit until 12.30 and then to adjourn till 6 pan. DIOCESAU SYNOD. ? The *TiyiTiyl session of the Synod of the Church of . 'Bpglond in the Diocese of Adelaide was opened by the Lord Bishop at St. Peter's Cathedral on Tuesday morning, May 1, when the Holy Communion was administered. There was an attendance of about 50 of the clergy and Syndsmen, besides a number of other persons. The Bishop read the service, assisted by the Very Rev. Dean Russell and the Yen. Arch deacon Marryat, ;ind on its conclusion delivered the following Pastoral Address, 1877. Dear Brethren — It would be to anticipate ** the rest which remaiuetli for the people of God' if Christ's Church militant here on earth or any of its jx-rtions permanently enjoyed that state of peace which followed on the departure of the converted Paul from Jerusalem to his own city of Tarsus. The storm which burst on the Church in the martyrdom of Stephen had subsided. %- Then had the Churches peace throughout all Judea and Galilee and Samaria.' Being built up and ' walking in the fear of the Lord and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost they were multiplied.' But this peaceful state was not of long duration. The adherents of the law and lovers of the righteousness of forms, so com patible with inward corruption, could not but hate the purer spirituality of evangelic worship. Again and again, therefore, the 'Jews took counsel to kill Paul,' because he preached ' justification by faith in Christ,' and ' Him crucified,' not ' the works of the law.' On the other hand the Imperial idolatry of Rome would brook no interference with the State Pantheon, but punished as treason the refrsal of a Christian 'soldier to own by wearing a garland on his head the divinity of the Cassars! Under such a condition of the civilized world there was no rest for the disciples of a religion which insisted on the exclusive worship of 'one God' (of whom are all things), through one Lord Jesus Christ, the only mediator between God and man. j The lapse of ages has not altered the spirit or character of the carnal mind. 'Who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean,' and thus the enmity against God and His holy law is ever fresh in every child born into the world. ' The flesh lusteth against the Spirit f and in this contention between the spirit of truth and the spirit of evil the normal condition of the Church must be one of unrest. In necessary contact with the world, and engaged in combating its carnal affections, we must expect ' the contradiction of sinners.9 We must be conversant with troubles which our social relations necessarily involve. We cannot ' go out of the world ;' and though, like our divine Master, we must be ' not of the world,' yet, mixing with its concerns, we must through the grace of God keep ourselves from the evil of them. ! I cannot then in this assembly, repre senting as it does both the clerical and secular sides of the Church, dwell exclu sively on the inward and spiritual work which we trust is going on amongst us — that vital religion which is the saving of the soul. I must also deal with questions affect ing the external relations of the Diocese, not only to the civil power, but to other com munities of Christians; and especially the branches of oar Church united in the General Synod of the Australian Province. The special circumstances of the Diocese will form the subject of my report to Synod. ? The late General Synod then claims your con sideration i n the first place. The second assem bling of this body was looked forward to by the clergy and laity with much interest, and not with out some apprehension. It was known that the action of the Church Assembly at Melbourne in creating that Diocese into a Province and ap pointing the Bishop to become its Metropolitan, had met with decided opposition from the Bishop of Sydney, who claimed under Ms letters patent to be Metropolitan of Australia and Tasmania. In teeth of the judgment of the Privy Council in Long v. Capetown, the Bishop of Sydney, acting on the opinion of Lord Romilly, de murred to the action of the Church Assembly in Victoria. He considered it to be an invasion of his Metropolitan authority over the whole former Diocese of Melbourne, and declined to abandon his claim. He was nevertheless willing, with the consent of the Crown and A vchbishop of Canterbury, to resign that portion of his province. After much discussion the Arch bishop of Canterbury consented to refer that question to hi» legal adviser, 'the Official Principal.' The answer communicated to the Bishop, and received since tne close of the General Synod, was to the effcet that he could not resign an authority which had no legal existence — the ori , ginal grani by letters patent being ultra vires. Another question of considerable impor tance connected with the metropolitical authority was this, ' Whether a right of veto on the consecration of a Bishop remained with the Primate after he had received from the other Bishops the confirmation of the person duly elected to a vacant see. That he should hive the right of veto before submitting any name to the Episcopal College might possibly be a power not without advantage to the Church, though not contemplated in Conclusion No. 11, of the Conference of Metropolitan Bishops in 1868\. But that he should set at naught, after having consulted bis brethren, their deliberate decision, is surely not consistent with Christian humility, brotherly love, or sound sense. This question was unhappily left undecided in con sequence of an apparent determination prevail ing in Sydney to retain the Metropolitan letters patent jurisdiction as connected with that See. But the primacy of the present Bishop must cease at his demise. A third question, viz., rules for the formation of new ' dioceses in Australia and Tasmania,' was carried to a successful issue, and I have now to place this determination before you for your consideration and I trust approval. The remaining business was merely formal. First — Remitting to the House of Bishops the framing of rules of procedure for the trial of Bishops, in pursuance of Deter mination No. 1, Clause 8, of the General Synod of 1872. Secondly, the approval by the Synod of the Imperial Act of Uniformity Amendments Act. That the session should present such meagre results might have been prognosticated from the first, when the Letters Patent Metro political Jurisdiction over all Australia and Tasmania was asserted by the Bishop of Sydney to be, so far as tie Diocese of Sydney was con cerned, pn insuperable obstacle to any action implying the freedom of the Colonial Dioceses from State supremacy. Considering, however, the widespread Colonial Empire of Great Britain, embracing every variety of climate and soil and of the human race uuder heaven, it is unnatural that the Colonial Churches should be strictly tied up iu their mode of worship by the supremacy of the Crown and Acts of the British Parliament regulating the Church of England and its endowments. Happily, I believe, for its vitality and efficiency, the Church in colonies which possess independent Legislatures has been declared to be not by law established. So far as legal authority conveyed by letters patent is concerned, the Metropclitanate of Sydney over the Dioceses of Australia and Tasmania never had, and 'therefore cannot have, any exis tence. The conviction, indeed, that such was the true state of tie law led in the first General Synod to the establishment of the Primacy, the authority of which rests necessarily upon com pact among the dioceses. It has been attempted, indeed, to view the erection of the Bee of Sydney and its subsequent division into dioceses, as the a^t of the Church itself inde pendent of the State. In pursuance of this theory the See of Canterbury has lately assumed patriarchal powers. An oath of obedience to the See of Canterbury has been exacted of late from the Bishops consecrated in England for the Australian Dioceses, and that without the assent of the Churches over which they are to prfside. The Act also of the Church Assembly of Victoria appointi»g the Bishop of Melbourne Metropolitan has boen repudiated by the Bishop of Sydney, as interfering with' his metro political rights, legal or eccleaiastisil. Sach are some of the difficulties which connection of these dioceses with tho Established Church of England as integral parts of jt would introduce ; binding us to rigid uniformity and compliance with its rubrics, as well jw to whatever should emanate hereafter from the Houses of Convo=ation of Canterbury and York, when sanctioned by Parliament, although the Colonial Churches have no voice or representative in either the one body or the other. It may be asked, perhaps, if each colony^ when grouped into dioceses is to have ita own Metropolitan and become a separate province, how is union »nd uniformity in doctrine and worship to be preserved through out the Australian and other provinces of the Anglican Church? With a common liturgy, common formularies of faith, » cammon Bible, and common spirit of loyalty to the mother Church, there i§ Httle rea- wn to fear that the Church in Australia or else where will diverge from ' the old paths. The constraining forte of legal jurisdiction granted by the Crown hw indeed ceased. It cannot be replaced by an oath of ' due obedience »nd reverenc* to the See of Canterbury, jmpwed on theBishops of Australian Sees without the know ledge or assent of the various provincial Churches themselves. And who is to determine what is due or what canonical in their obligation 'i In tht- late general Synod the authority of a Nicene Ci'non was quoted, relating to the then metro* political cities of the Roman Empire, and it was argued that therefore tho civil division of tho British-Colonial Empire should be strictly followed in the erection of provinces and tho. neat of Metropolitans. It is obvious to reply that Sydney is not the metropolis of Australia. The other colonies are equally autonomous. Accordingly the office of Primate was made per sonal, and not tied to any one city as the metro polis of a)l Australia and Tasmania. Moreover, the subordination of the Australian Metropoli tans, first to their own Prim*te, aud secondly to the quasi Patriarch of Canterbury, is a matter at any rate for compact, and not of civil or ecclesiastical decree. The legal claims of the Bishop of Sydney having now failed, the time is come for the adjustment of these relations. Had the See of Melbourne been filled at an earlier period the Synod would probably have been convened at Melbourne, and local feeling might possibly have less obstructed the discus sions. The real question, however, involved, lies ' deeper. ' What is the connection between the ' branches of the Catholic and Apostolic Church, and what the due subordination of the several Sees.' While the Church of Rome claims for its chief pastor the right to give law to the City of Rome and to the world urli et orbi, the various Ohvrches »f the East and West, reformed or otherwise, simply regard the Bishop of that So© as one of the College of Bishops of the Uni versal Church, *primuin in point of 'precedency, but inter para as regards Episcopal authority. England's national independence of the Papacy and its reformed State Church emphasize thin principle of Episcopal equality. To a general Synod of the Universal Church alone belongs the power of framing Canons (for against it 'the gates of hell cannot prevail') morally binding on all Christians. Of course such Canons can have no legal force in any country withont the consent of the civil power. The reformation of the Church in England pro ceeded on this principle; and in that fierce struggle for religious freedom both in matters ? of doctrine and of Church government, it vaxy be, that the civil power encroached somewhat on the spiritual liberty of the Ohurch. The appeal from the Bishop's Court in all ecclesias tical cases, many of which were of a mixed spiritual and temporal character, was transferred from the Pope to the Crown. For more than 300 years this has been the admitted status of the Anglican Church. The Act 24 Henry VIII., c. 12, A.D. 1532, made the Upper House of Convocation the final Court of Appeal. ' But 25 Henry VIII., c 19, and Elizabeth c. 1, were Acts for restraint of appeals to the See of Rome; and the submission of tho Clergy, and the appointment of Court of Delegates in the High Court of Chancery.' In 1832 the powers of the Court of Delegates was transferred by 2 and 3 William IV., c. $2., to His Majesty in Council. Hence the Judicial Court of Privy Council, of which all Bishops, that is, being Privy Coun cillors, were made members by the Church Discipline Act of 3 and 4 Victoria, c. 86. This again has been superseded, as the final Court of Appeal by Her Majesty's 'High Conrt of Justice,' which came into operation in Novom ber, 1875, in which the Bishops sit not as judged bnt as assessors. Under this system of law every Clergyman of the Church of England has placed himself by accepting any benefice in the Established Church, and it was for resistance to the procedure of this Court acting ' by authority of Parliament' that the Rev. A. Tooth, of Hat cham, was lately suffering imprisonment. In conscientious resistance, as he believes, to a Court possessing no 'spiritual' jurisdiction over 'rites and ceremonies of the Ohurch he ' ignore* the decree of the Judge of the Court of Arches.' To inhibit a priest, 'a sacris' i.e., the per formance of his spiritual office, is not the proper right of a lay Court, but that is not a full statement of the case. He is inhibited from using in tho church at Hatcham 'rites and ceremonies' held to be unlawful according to the legal interpretation of the Rubrics of the Book of Common Prayer enacted by authority of Parliament. It is a question of violation of trust in the use of national ecclesiastical property. Such mixed questions, in which the laity are deeply inte rested, are rightly cognisable in Courts ecclesias tical instituted by the civil power. There are purely spiritual questions of which bishops are the judges by Divine appointment. It is late, indeed, in her history for the Church of England to affect absolute independence of State tribunals in mich mixed questions of property and roremonials. In purely spiritual matters, no doubt, such as dectrine, discipline, and rites or offices, the Church of Christ is entitled to perfect froe doiii. But the Anglican branch, having more than three centuries ago accepted State estab lishment and the support of law, cannot consistently object to the 'authority of Parliament' by which the very Rubric was established, the legal interpretation of which is now disputed by Mr. Tooth. By propounding this view I must not bo sup posed to argue that the Bishops and clergy should not be consulted in their Convocations before Acts of Parliament affecting divine worship and Ecclesiastical discipline are passed. On the other hand, I do not think that indivi dual clergymen who introduce innovations in the received Ritual of our Ohnrch on their own judgment in teeth of the decisions of the highest Ecclesiastical Courts, and their refusing to obey constituted authority, will command the sympathy of the great body of the clergy and laity of our Church. It is unfortunate at a period when the whole mind and energy of the Church should be directed to the defence and propagation of the Faith, we nre compelled to aak afresh which are the first principles of Church organization, apostolic and scriptural ? Not only with re ference to it« nHmeronn and widely-spread branches must that question be resolved, but a!so the relation in which they stand towards Christian bodies who, in the appointment of their ministry and other important matter*, have severed their connection from the tradi tionary Catholic rale. The question is daily forced on our attention— Who are 4I lawfully called and sent ministers into the Lord n vineyard' ac cording to the principles laid down in our formularies ? In our Ember Week prayers we affirm that ' Divine Providence has nppointod divers orders in the Church.' In the preface to the Ordinal we learn what these orders are ; and in the 23rd Article we assert that none others enn ' lawfully take upon themselvr.i thea/lministration of the Word and S^ramcnt*.' Herein South Australia, bound as the Anglican clergy are by these solemn declarations, they are accuped of invading the liberty of the Christian ministry, violating Christian brother Yr.ofl, intolerant isolation from accredited ministers ; because adhering to the plain princir pies of the Church of England they cannot con sistently reropnise as duly called and sent those simply elected by their people ; and accordingly designated pastors of particular congrosations. It is not a question of personal qualification. We freely admit the eminence of some and the excellence of others; but still tn« question remains behind, ' How were they' called and by whom sent.' The ministry of onr Ohnr-m tmdonbtedly claims to stand on a higher tra ditionary baaig. It claims to exereiB« an authority to preach snd administer the mcra ments derived through successive ngc« link by link from the Apostles or Aportolic men, who succeeded them in their ' ordinary' powers n* mlers of the Church, Catholic «nd Apostolic. * The preface to the Ordinal in the Book of Com mon Prayer makes this evident, for the Ordinsl wa« expressly confirmed, in 1582 by the 36kh Article, and enforced by Act of Pirliament in 1566\. It was again conrirarHl in 1571, ftfd mib tpqnently to the Restoration it w.ia made law, a.j-. 1662, by the Act of Uniformity. The question of course remains vrhethcr the principles here affirmed are Scriptural and Apos tolic; bnt ministers of the Chnrch of England, believing them to be so, fisve been - ™HH snrt pent' under these declarations. It is diffi'-nlt then to see tho justice or charity of design it InfC them an intolerant and domineering priestnoort, 'forcing fetters on Christian liberty, and 'inimical to Christian brotherhood.' If the principles on which they profess to act are nn scriptunil denounce them if ron please; demand, as you hnve fl right, that rvery one whom an orthodox body of ff'llo* Christians hold to be their duly appointe-l-mini«tor shall bp treated with the personal respect dan to his office: bnt neither (he faith nor the prarfr* of the Apoptolic age must be sacrificed to complaisance. I*t every one b« fully por snadfxi in his #vra mind ; for whatsoever is not of faith is nin. In the Chnrch of BcotKnd an Apos tolical succession Jim bwn enrriVfl on, although it be through the Order of Prewbyter*. In the Methodist bodies the liuk hm« been broken, and the present ministry derive no authority from or through the Orders of the Rer. John Wesley or his episropilly-ordained follow workers. Like th« Congregationalists and other Protestant bodies, the congregation, through the agency of the Conference, exercises the right of ordaining minister!. Wealey him* -25 