MISREPRESENTATION AGAIN RE ,.:- FUTED. ..;.'? Those who supply editorial pabulum to the Opposition journals must be very weary of the disgusting task. To repeat ten- times-refuted false assertions, and . to revive others challenged, contradicted, and fairly slain months ago, cannot pos sibly be a congenial duty to even the most depraved mind/ And yet,: if the leading columns of the Opposition journals. South and North, sinoo New Year's Day— we ? shall not ask our readers to go further back — bo carefully perused, .this will be found the chief 'work they have been persistently engaged in.; Their summaries foe England arc filled in duplicate with the galvanised ghosts of : gross misstate ments, refuted, slain, and handed over to the undertaker months since. Were we actuated by selfish motives, we should no^ object^ to our South- and North con. temporaries filling their columns with such literary garbage as suits their depraved ap petite, but which must disgust the most tolerant of their readers. 'The same old, tune,' with very slight variations, has been played so many months as a war cry against the Reibey Ministry, that the most rabid Chapmanite looks upon a re 'haahof the stale, worn out subjects with disgust and horror. Can any rational ?writer for the Press really suppose that any interest attaches now to.the hasty ra ''? marks Mr Meredith made last year in re ference to the secret, if not surreptitious .printing of a little bill, the contents of which constituted a studied insult to Min isters? HisExcellencytheGovernorhaving said that he would grant Ministers a dissolution, and furnished a memorandum stating the grounds on which he granted \ it, there the matter should have been ? allowed to rest. ? The Governor merely, exercised the i prerogative of 'the Crown' to remedy a political crisis, at a period wheri' ?a -moribund Parliament,' . which ihad \- ~ ? ' ti ?' never effected any beneficial legislation for ? the colony m eight sessions, had_ reached1 '.?'.'.' within four months or so. of. its expira tion by effluxion ;of time., IJnder these .'. circumstances, to captiously criticise the, ? ? Governor's '-memorandum; and 'question: his right to .exercise ;Her Majesty's ^pre rogative to the , eklent of granting Ministers a dissolution, ? is in the worst possible taste ; but it has been/ made fa large portion of , the poor : political stocks in-trade of the' Opposition. Then we are told that it was unconstitutional to grant a dissolution without first obtaining ari Appropriation Bill.'abeautifiurtheory by which the Royal. prerogative in reference .to dissolving Parliament would be for ever ? ;: annihilated, or: at! least ijassed/from the' ?Crown into the hands of any factious and » obstructive 'majority of one.' ' A most insulting' article against His Excellency - ?the Governor is specially penned for an' English summary, in which the-' case of Sir Charles Darling, in .' Victoria, and the . rulings thereon are cited, but if the writer ? knows anything about the Sir Charles \- -Darling case— which, we very. much doubt, c —lie must know that, there is .about i as owicb. analogy between that and the Reibey dissolution as connection between Tentorden steeple arid the Goodwin Sands. No comparison could possibly be more mal apropos, and writers who attempt such abortive similes i merely succeed' in exposing their own ignorance; and stupidity. Thei ,.: descent ' of' their Honors the -..- Judges .,from .'-..the JBerich ?into . the public arena ' ' of ?? politics^ . and -their pen and ink tilts with the Ministry and the Governor, are ^ also very stale subjects, and ; the most futile attempts are being made to .find a- vul nerable spot in the dignified but courteous demeanor -which constitutes the best armor of His Excellency, . the represen-, tative of ,.Her:, Majesty. : -Mr Roibey. the Prem!e'r,Mr Meredith the Treasurer, Mr Bromby. the Attorney- General, and Dr. Crowther, the representative of the; Ministry in the Upper House —without portfolio— have been, since they accepted office, the best abused men in the colony, and what is the result ?? Why that every man of them is ten times more popular' than he was when they succeeded the house-breaking Ministry, who ddre not meet Parliament. The legislative blunder which necessitated a brief meeting of Parliament to reotify an error in the Jury Act, has been so persistently ventilated with the view of damaging the Attorney General, that the public have discovered he was not half so much to blame; as the Opposition members, who, by 'amending! the Draft Bill, rendered if unworkable. The un-English attacks upon the public and private character of the Premier have produced the unexpected effect of render ing ? him; . without exception, the most popular man in Tasmania, south, or north, west \ or east. The public look to him and his colleagues hopefully toeffeot some really progressive; legislation, .and it is ; for this reason the Ministerial 'candidates receive; such staunch. support in all the .-, electoral dis tricts. ' Neither the liberation of Mrs Hunt to join her soni previously liberated 'by the late Ministry, . the facilities afforded the public by forwarding the mails,. south and north, by the Main Line Eailway, ? nor any equally heinous atrocity, produces any other effect oh the public mind than that of cordial approval Even issuing the writs for the elections in batches in the usual way, fails to arouse the; public ire against- this popular A'd- miriistration. In Parliament the Reibey Ministry has met with factious, uncon stitutional opposition at every. step ; out of it they have been systematically traduced, slandered and lampooned by a section of the .Press. Their actions and. statements have been shamefully misrepresented, and the most vile motives attributed to them. The result has been the same' ; the impu tations of falsehood, treachery, arid uni versal baseness have, boomerang-like recoiled upon the heads. of those who hurled these political missiles. The Oppo sition curses have thus been turned into blessings. !The object of the Opposition throughout' all this wilderness' of miarer presentation; has been too transparent : the ejection of the present Ministry from' office on the motion of Mr W. R. Giblih, the leader of the Opposition, and a return of the house-breaking Administration to power. .But the public, south and north, are opposed to this ; they refuse to reward political perfidy, and eight se'sidns of stolid stagnation .in so liberal a manner. The publio remember distinctly: that Mr Giblin, Mr Innes, Mr Moore, and their Preriiier; Mr 'Kerinerley; suddenly resigned iri July, last, leaving the colony without a Government-^-- His Excellency the Governor without Advisers . at: a very critical period in the history of the colony, arid Within a month or so of the ''assem- bling '.'of Parliament. ., , The ' public know that L the :Giblin-Innes. Administration . bolted from oflSce because ;' they had not the riioral courage : 'to ? riie'et Parliament ;and /give— What they could not— -a satis factory 'account;, of .their ... stewardship. With a majority at their back in. the House ? of Assembly, they 'beat; an ignomirious retreatj'and'now, they 'have' the audacity to rally their , routed forces and ask, the electors ;to place themiri a position ^to'eject.tliose -who '??'- filled, the breach when, they' ran ; away fron; sheer cowardice, and: self .-' consciousness ' that they '; had . not performed: .their duty to 'the; country. ; ? The}' -have- fre ?quontly : been 'charged in. : and out .of Parliament with t. their-, poltroonery,, and they have never been [able^to. ; refute it, :or ?explain it -away. -. ? The. journals : by whom1 their 'broken- backed cause is now, supported, were, iri .'July; last,' most viru lent intheir:Condemnation;pf'theVconduct: of the house-breaking Innes Ministry, and we should like to know what has transpired , since to whitewash themi and regenerate them from their gross political sins. On the broad principle of advo'cat. ing for the good of the country -'? mea sures not men,' wo gavo the lato Ministry much more support than they deserved. Iri -the belief that they 'we're.' sincere in bringing forward . ,.a.j useful, ': practical Scheme - of publio works, we Btoodby them until they, .without assigning any .sound reason, resigned. in preference .to mooting Parliament, where, as [rosponsible Minis ters i; they would liaye^, beeri compelled to give a clear account of their previous acts. That ordeal .they escaped by an abject resignation under circumstances which have no parallel, in, the colonies, if any where under constitutional Government.' And '!; now the electors1 , are, voBked by : these renegades and; their abet-, tors i: to reject the men who -stepped forward; arid undertook ? to /'carry; on the, Government of the colony at a period of unexampled difficulty, .and who have maintained their position intact, in defiance of the .grossest and most per sistent misrepresentation. Should ; the electors be so lost to all sense of solf preservation .as to place 'the present Ministry in a minority in tho' House of Assembly, that would inevitably replace in power the chief members of. ihe house breaking- and renegade Ministry;' who bolted from office in July— ?' fled,' like the consciously guilty, M when no man pursueth.' But the people are not dis posed to reward perfidy in' this too liberal * manner. They are determined that useful progressive legislation shall not be postponed for an. indefinite period —positively for .another year at least should the .traitorous Administration- be armed with power to resume the offices they abandoriod in their abject terror. 