torn ite BY GEOFFRY CRABTHORN. Caesar's wife should be above suspicion, and on this account, while cordially congratulating the ex-Commissioner of Public Works upon coining so far out of the Works and Tenders Enquiry with an unblemished reputation, I confess I see more reason to deplore the humiliating fact that rumours of so damaging a character to the good fame of the colony at large should hare gained such credence as to form the greater portion of the business of the Select Committee now sitting. No matter though Mr. Colton emerges from the Committee- room with hands as clean as a sheet of parchment, unsullied by the pen of the law, nevertheless will there be found enough uncharitable people to purse their lips and shrug their shoulders, and give utterance to their favourite article of faith averring that there is no smoke without fire. To my mind these vague unsubstantial reports affecting the honour of men in exalted positions, are much better left to die out as they arise, unless, indeed, there be somedefinite charge to found an enquiry upon. The more you investigate scandal the more unsatisfactory does the investigation prove, and let your Jury be never so unanimous in recording"NotGuilty"against the name of the suspected person, yet depend upon it ten out of every dozen waiting for the rising of the Court outside, will, when they hear the verdict, go away dissatisfied and unconvinced, most likely thinking it ought to have been the more open Scotch finding of "Not proven." No doubt it is very gratifying to Mr. Colton to find the evidence given in those 180 pages of foolscap so far vindicating his good name, but I should not imagine he would feel very thankful to the senior member for Sturt for first giving Parliamentary prominence to what had hitherto been merely a matter of vague outside talk. I am not surprised if some of you, my Public, should be found whispering stinking fish—you were not bold enough to cry it—but I am a little bit astonished that the shrewd Mr. Townsend should have been weak enough to suppose that a Select Committee would make the fish any sweeter, or that in calling for one he was doing a good service to the fishmonger. Well may Mr. Colton exclaim "Heaven save me from my friends." Take your Geoflry's advice, my mistakenly zealous Townsend, and don't play the part of Mrs. Candour any more, for to quote from that dangerous woman:— " Talebearers areas bad as the talemakers ; 'tis an old observation and avery true one." The burning question of the day in the philosophical world is Evolution, and even the humble sages of South Australia are hastening to add their testimony to the genuineness of the theory of development. Having taken up the horse as a good manageable '•'subject" they begin by setting up a certain five-toed clumsy wallower in the antediluvian mire as the earliest form of this useful animal. Then comes their difficulty, what was the missing link and where has it got to, and not being able to answer the question very satisfactorily themselves, they write to my Register about it, and astonish quiet stay-at-home folks like you and I, my Public, with the extent of their scientific researches, and the daring character of their speculations. As for your Geoflry, I have always been quite content to know upon the best authority, that of my early Primer, borne out by my own experience, that "the horse is a noble animal and the friend of man," without troubling myself to look up his family tree. As for the claim to be regarded as the equine Adam, set up for the five-toecl creature by the believers in evolution, I think I could make out equally as good a case for the horse chesnut. Stated simply it would be— Primitive—Horse chestnut Developed—Towel horse, Evoluted—Noble animal andfriend of man. And the beauty of my theory is that it doesn't own to any missing link. The whole pedigree is complete, and if disputatious cavillers want to go into all the ramifications of the family, albeit " I am not splenetic or rash," lam quite ready for them, with the horse pistol and the Colt's revolver. For my part, I fancy I know a horse when I see him, and that's enough for me without trying to become acquainted with all his forerunners by the science of evolution. And take care, my enthusiastic philosophers, that many of your proudly discovered missing links between him of the five toes and the wellhoofed horse, do not turn out to be nothing more nor less than mare's nests. Don't let your hobby horse run away with you. 'Tis a credulous marvel-loving age, and a little knowledge—of evolution—is a dangerous thing. Here is your Geofiry summing up in verse. EVOLUTION. BY ONE OF THE OLD SCHOOL. What changes have been on this globe growing old, Since tbe dim distant days when the world first began, When the anthropoid ape was the type we are told Of the tail-less intelligent animal man. When a beast with five toes to its hoof, so they say, Dropped a toe at a time, till by slow diminution Of toe-power, it turned to the horse of to-day, By a method philosophers call evolution. 'Tis a new-fangled theory strange to the mind Long accustomed to keep in the one narrow groove, And startling, indeed, are the facts that we find Evolutionists gravely attempting to prove. Through cycles unending these scientists think They can trace a descendant by habits or features, And their life is a search for the one missing link, Connecting two totally different creatures. Does the ass, or more equinal mule represent The anxiously-sought intermediate brief stage, 'Tween the proud fiery steed of the Bedouin's black tent And the mammal five- toed of the miocine age ? Or was there, ye savants, Borne lost form of life, Whose fossil geologists yet may discover, I To renew hot as ever to-day's bitter strife, _ I When we're hoping perchance the disputs is all over. Ah! vainly, all vainly I fear me ye seek For that link which ye want to make perfect your chain, For oppose some one fancied he found it next week, Something still ye would argue was missing 'tis plain. Dilettanti may take up the subject and add To the arguments wild, each his weak contribution, ,, ,, And the whole thinking world on the theme may go mad, ... ,, . But they won't humbug me with tneir new evolution. Evolution, but once let the rule be allowed, And the mystery of life be thus finally solved. Then- if apes to be lords of creation have " growed," May not angels from men someday too be evolved ? If the man of to-day once a monkey has been, Then there surely can be little reason for doubting That" the coming man" wiH in the future be seen With a fine pair of wings from his shoulderbones sprouting; In fact, there's no length, be it never so wild, At which evolution's disciples will pause, _ By some fancied deceptive resemblance beguiled Into framing for nature a new set of laws. On beast, bird, and fish, will be foisted, I fear, Some "claimant" unknown, as a long-lost relation, And every fresh find will be made to appear As the true missing link in the chain of : creation. I have received a pathetic parody by a typical North Adelaide busman, who considers it " hard lines" that he should not have his dinner hour like the rest of rational mortals. I confess I cannot see how that can be done unless the North Adelaide residents consent to forego their midday meal by submitting to a cessation of " busing" from one till two. All the busmen want their dinner hour, and all the business men want theirs. I would suggest, as a way out of the difficulty, that City men who live in North Adelaide should drive the omnibuses over themselves while the legitimate "coachees" take their tiffin. However, here is the sad story of wrong unrighted, and may it work its own cure. AN ADELAIDE OMNIBUS DRIVER'S GRIEVANCE. Which I'll pluck up my nerve And to prove I mil try— As we busmen deserve To have wages more high, Seein' as how we are put on like niggers, Which that same aint the ghost of a lie. A.O.C. is its name, And.the firm it aint bad. In regard to the same, The last wages I had Was paid me all formal and reglar, Which it aint that as makes me so mad. It's the hours that is long And the labour likewise, And it's coming it strong With this blaze in the skies To " go it" from 7 till 8.30, Being thirteen long hours, and no flies. Which six bob is our pay, And it aint quite enough, For the length of the day Makes the work sorter tough, Partickler with no hour for dinner; It is, I opine, a bit rough. Which them gay eight-hour men Has a very good line ; Does their day's work, and then Goes to plays I opine, And has far better screws than Fm earning; Which a rise why I would'nt decline. Give us regular turns And for grub a short spell, And the tin which we earns, Will be earned very well. Without our being tired-out and surly ; For the work is beginning to tell. Which I beg to explain, And there's none to deny. That it isn't in vain That these busses still ply. Their profits are gained by cheap labour Out of such ill-used beggars as I. SALE OF CITY LAND.—Messrs. Green & Co. have just sold 167 feet of land in Victoriasquare, near the corner of Grote-street, at from £40 to £45 per foot. For land sold by this firm on Saturday in Franklin-street, near the Oddfellows' Hall, at from £25 10s. to £33, £10 advance per foot has been refused. ^ T Do YOU WANT A WATCH that you can depend on? Then send to A. O. Chambers for a genuine " "Waltham machine- made American Watch;" prices, £4 and £6 each. P.S.—New Yankee notions continually coming to hand. 276thsc SST WOHTH KNOWING.—That the Largest Clothing and Tailoring Premises in Adelaide, and the Best, most Stylish, and Cheapest Selection of Men's, Youths', and Boys' Clothing and Ontfittings, is at G. and W. Shierlaw's, Glasgow House, 11, Hindley-street Proof is the best: try them. 86cv (ST THBOAT AFFECTIONS AND HOARSENESS.— Ail suffering from irritation of the throat and hoarseness will be agreeably surprised at the almost immediate relief afforded by the use or " Brown's Bronchial Troehes." These famous "lozenges" are now sold by most respectable chemists in this country at Is. ljd per box. People troubled with a "hacking cough,' a " slight cold," or bronchial affections, cannot try them too soon, as similar troubles, if allowed to progress, result is serious Pulmonary and Asthmatic affections. See that the words "Brown's Bronchial Troches" are on the Government Stamp around each box. Manufactured by JOHX I. BROWN AND SONS, Boston, United . T)epot. 493, Oxford-street, London 1 Tttl69v^ A HATHER ARTFUL GAME is being attempted just now. viz., the importation of bogus tonics put up in bottles formerly containing UDOLPHO "WOLFE'S SCHIEDAM AROMATIC SCHNAPPS. It is almost superfluous to state that such counterfeits bear no kinship to the time- honoured and pleasantflavoured cordial they are intended to supplant. The labels on these drams usually lack some authentic feature. 4G ADVICE TO MOTHERS.—Are you broken in 'your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of catting teeth? Go at once to a chemist and get a L»otUe of MRS. WINSLOW'E SoortmrG Sntup. It will reliere the poor sufferer immediately. It is perfectii harmless and pleasant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pun, and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." It soothes the child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teetlung or other causes. Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at Is. ljd. per bottle. Manufactured at 493, 9sfgrd-§tr§et. Iga'Iou, 177ttt«9vz EPPS'S OOCOA—GS- FEA^BFI'T ATTB UOUFOBN Dfo.—"By a thorough knowledge of the natural lawc which govern the operations of digestion and nutrition, and by a careful application of the fine properties of well-selected cocoa, Mr. Epps has provided oar breakfast tables with a delicately flavoured beverage *hich may save us many heavy doctors' bills. It is by tbe judicious use of such articles of diet that a constitution may be gradually built up until Strang enough to resist every tendency to disease. Hundreds of subtle maladies are floating around us roadv to attack wherever there is a weak point. We p--/ escape many a fatal-shaft by keeping ourselves we'll fortified with pure "blood and a properly nourished frame."—Civil Service Gazette. Sold in Packets and Tins, J-lb. and 1-lb., labelled, "JAKES EPPS & Co., HemoiopatMc Chemists, 48, Thnsdneedle-xtreet. and 170\. PiocadiHy. London." 121th ?t 117v 4SF FTORILIHE—FOR TSB TEHTH AND BBKATH. —A few drops of the liquid " Floriline" sprinkled on a wet toothbrush produce a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or unpurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly-whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. "The Fragrant Floriline," being composed in part of Honey and sweet herbs, Is delicious to the taste, and the greatest toilet discovery of the age. Price 2s. 6d., of all Chemists and Perfumery. by BENRV C. GALLUP, 493, O^NM-STREET Loudca UTOM9W 