\- 'CLIPPINGS FROM PUICH. S:' The cartoon is entitled, "That Voice Again," and has the folloiving under it; Ramlet.-(Sir John)--"' Spak, I am bbund td: hear'."' Ghost '(Mr. Speaker).-" So hrt th~ ob~ey;?hen thbo shlt'hear.'" What may lIappie to s`a man of " culture and intelligence" in Victoria ! 'How little could Professor Pearsoni liave anticipated that:the day would come when he would be trotted?loutt in;;a' public. platform as, the humble protege of a Chelsea greengrocer iohd'drops 'his sitchesand' once sported the bade"' of redrepubiilicanism in :Paddy's Marlit '! Triuly political adversity acquaints d: ni wii`th str nge" bedfellows, besides ;~ posin~s hlim to severe humiliations: * Pro fessor Pearson,- the scholar and the gentle man, admonoisled to " keep his pecker up" li`the modst tiniiid win'd big in Victoria is, as Mncbetli U:i s," a sorry sight." I will try and' forget it. But perhaps the verbose Berry is i?going to ''desert his party-who knows,?' What, for example, was the'mean ig' of that covert attack of the organ of the shoddy ring ? " Unfortunately," exclaimed Mr.' Brry, "culture and intelligence were too freequently believed to be purchased by 'wealtli for the objects which wealth sought toiattain.' They had too 'frequently found th?' cuiltuiediintellect engaged in on attempt toi ?hilke'the ? orst appear the better cause (i.c, tb ?represent 'the evils of protection as preerable to 'the blessings of free-trade), to' chalipion. the rights of' the wealtlhv minority '(i e., of the privileged' manufac tirers) and to forget the broad righits of the aajdorit "(ie,' of the heavily-taxed' con sumer).. Is it possible tliat there are nmen of dultred u i;itellect;" ediucatd fr'ee traders, en-dgaed in',this unholy: proceeding, ,and writing in .direct oppositions, iin obedience to the dicfati nof 'a little ring dof protected tai'featers? ,I rT fi scarcely believe it ;and et Mr. Berry speaksso 'explicitly on the subject, and so like a mani: who is in familiar contactiwith"the person wiihom he' alleges to l'~1iuilty of this u'nspeakable ddplicity, thlat reahlly one' does not know what' to think. No douit: there "is "in 'all the' protectionist tapers a'persistent " attempt to inake the worse' appear the better cause, to;chimpi'ob the rights of theiwealtliy minority, and to forget the broad rights of the majority;" liut hitherto I have been? disposed to at tribute this'to sheer ign"orance. .Ishould be sorry to be' obliged to think otheriise for the time tcomer.: A'I' EPisiTPiiiC OPERATOR.' l'Mr :Bisheir is a' poet born; but poetry, helie finds; is not a profitable occupation, unless combined', with some business. Bosher, in spite of his d.ersification, finds a difficulty in bein? a "'both-ends" metre. He his, there= fore, taken to composing epitaphs to suit the million-trusting 'to the generosity of grate ful or the malice of disappointed next of kin of deceased tradesmen, `&c.;, to' bring him a laige connection. , His terms are strictly reasonable. The following are a few sam ples : ON As tSroeuriI riLuaBE. Liihtlj they speak of the workman that's gone Il istaps and his piping deriding; Yet little. he'd reek, were the water laideon. ; o the place where just now he's residing!. : . A 1dAlKER. .. Ay down agaii--this time'for good-, IIero blker's body lies; r....Iis ouln. ot least, . Is like his yeast, An d means eome day to rise ! O. . A. o, ~ inr. Usn-DERT. Xn. y" de ??e th he tiried until he died;, : i By alpoplexy shaken;: : I: re.never morb'may, undertake - :i, ,r Bydeatthlhe's qrertakena! . ON A TOPER. , From beer to bier--lthejoke is old- SHi measure has run out; Throui h 'b heav'wet" hlie cught a cold, A ! nd now lies "cold without.," "? ad ;d'pints were his'constant friend, Until he met hie timeless end, Andd went, we can't say where; Y''Tet let ds hopie liwith chiristid mind That he his future lot may find S .:' Amongi! gds epirits":there! Country orders punctually attended to: A discount allowed when epitaphs are taken for two 6or members of a family. - No money returned: !li T:I'heiSsndhlurst"bakers 'have' solved the problem of dear bread in a manner which Will fot?win for them tihe admiratioii of the storeh?eeperis They' have` ·decided' ?ot :to faise:'the' price; but to reduce 'the bakers' doici'to' the 'storekeepers- from fourteen: to thirteei:loaves' Theicold bn Siinday at Ballaradt the' Sar says, was severe.: "A boisterous wind blew from the south-westward;bringing storms of rain and hail, and occasional snow. One or two of the acacias in the Sturt'street gardens were unable to preserve their 'integrity before the rude blasts. MIr. Ji. "f. hGarritt: late imeniber'` for Geelong. iEast,i has been ,presented <by 'a nuiriher of his old, constituents with'a purse containingb 0~ soverei sns.s, Afteir this who will_ s? that payment of members is:ne cessary. , . A 'eneralmnetini"of th4 niembers of the Education, Act,Defenei League was held on Tednesday a~t the Protestant Hall. "The aim: of ithe leagun e :is . To conserve the Educadhtio: Act in its'entirety .': . .To resist all dienoiinditionil attempts to ob;tain sepa nte? griants fronm tlhe State 3.'To canlasge thetbeneficial operation of the-actby tlhe establishment of technblogical schools; and byP~,dffrding"' "'iter facilitide's :to State scholas of completmin" their- eduication at the University. ."4: To ~rouse the public minid toathe dang er of' dll' insidious inhovations pon. the, fre, co6miipulsory' ,.'and s'Se'ular' syttem of educadion byalaw ia'est'a3lisli?d:'? 6: To organise,hrabnch leagueds three hout the colony. I;6 l'o foster;by means of lectures pfbihc!meetinieh".c i a sustainied'i.terest ilr t lie' ainitenance of tihe Stato ?y?teem of !eduicatidon,, and' to soundiaiote ofmwarning thronuhout the colonjy'should.it be attempt • d iiiPa rliaaiint to obtadin a separate grant for 9ny denomia?t.-o ,' , ' 