; - SALE OF THE MAIN ROAD COACHING PLANT. On Friday Mr. W. T, Boll, instructed by Mr. Samuel Pago, sold at tlio well- known stables, Patterson-street, a large .liortiou.of the coaching-nlaiit, consisting of. forty-two horses, fivu coaches, and sitn- , dries. There' was a large attendance of purchasers, and the horses brought good prices, ranging, from £4 to £20. The stage coaches, proper, brought from £12 to £20; .biit the two Yankee conches only sold for ,£J 10h.. aiul £3 los. ; while a break sold at £10, a horseworks clmil'cutter £ld. The hantuss and, stable re(|uisites brought fair prices. Mr. Page's coaches wore of tlie geiiuiuo old English mail and stage coach stamp, and they delighted tho eyes of many travellers; wearied, with the mouo- ;tqny..of :railway. travelling, who heartily enjoyed the: i good old English stylo of locomotion, .which reached its xenith when William;tho Fourth was King, and then faded awuy .boforc tho irresistible power of the" " iroirliorse " with' its 'rushing ponderous train.' ' Hero as elsewhere, the " Highflyer" stagoconcli-has to make way for tho train, hut wo cannot wP.nuss the break up 'of'' so' complete -a coaching establishment as that conducted byMr. -Pago for so liuuiy 'years without regret. Up to the present year Tasmania was, in regard toEngliBh stage conch travelling more Engtish than thcEnglish themselves, "and'jtliis. was one of 'the charms ' which caused visiters faniii the ncigliboming colonies, especially old colonists, to lovo .the '.'tight" little island" for reminding tiiom so .forcibly of , '' home.": 'Mi.' Pago first ran a conch 'between Oatlands and Hohart Town . in . 1874, mid then com pleted with Mr. Cox along tho whole lino between Holmrt Town and Luimccston, and in 1S49 ho purchtiscd tho plant from Mi-s. Cux. Ho suld the lino of conches to Mr. James Lord, who kept it in prime order for six or seven years, when ho re sold tlie lino aiul plant to Air. Page. About ton yimrongoMr. Brown, of Vic toria, brought over some Yankee coaches, to which lio attached half-broken horses (by; primitive looking harness, and mount- iii'' them with reckless drivers 'made a determined attempt to break down Mr. Pago. But tho result was tlio other way, and Air. A. Bttrbury, who arranged n more systematic, opposition, had also to cavo in." ' Wo. shall, probably meet tho stage coaclies'sold at Air. Pago's stables on Friday ninny yearn, lioiieu; tearing along to and from. Nine Atilo 'Springs, George Town, Scotlsdalo, Ringaio»ma, Aloorina, alias Krushkn'n Bridge," or . b» and fro amongst other townalups not." yet named. Wo shall not losb sight of thorn altogether until tlicy change by wear and tear into inure ghosts of what they were in the glorious days vfiioii they had tho honor ttf . -eiuTciiii' Her Alaiestv's mails — tl Chvonicle. ' 