THE GHOSTLY RENTAL. A FEW days later, I suspended my studies and went off for the summer's vacation. I was absent for several weeks, during which I had plenty of leisure to analyse my impressions of the supernatural. I took some satisfaction in the reflection that I had not been ignobly terrified ; I had not bolted nor swooned-I had proceeded with dignity. Nevertheless, I was certainly more comfortable when I had put thirty miles between me and the scene of my exploit, and I continued for many days to prefer the daylight to the dark. My nerves had been powerfully excited ; of this I was par- ticularly conscious when, under the influence of the drowsy air of the sea-side, my excitement began slowly to ebb. As it disappeared, I attempted to take a sternly rational view of my experience. Certainly I had seen something that was not fancy ; but what had I seen ; I regretted extremely now that I had not been bolder, that I had not gone nearer and inspected the apparition more minutely. But it was very well to talk ; I had done as much as any man in the circumstances would have dared ; it was indeed a physical imposssibility that I should have advanced. Was not this paralysation of my powers in itself a supernatural influence ? Not necessarily, perhaps, for a sham ghost that one accepted might do as much execution as a real ghost. But why had I so easily accepted the sable phantom that waved its hand? Why had it so impressed-itself ? Unquestion- ably, true or false, it was a very clever phantom. I greatly preferred that it should have been true -in the first place because I did not care to have shivered and shaken for nothing, and in the second place because to have seen a well authenticated goblin is, as things go, a feather in a quiet man's cap. I tried, therefore, to let my vision rest and to stop turning it over. But an impulse stronger than my will recurred at intervals and set a mocking question on my lips. Granted that the apparition was Captain Diamond's daughter ; if it was she it certainly was her spirit. But was it not her spirit and something more ?" The middle of September saw me again established among the theologic shades, but I made no haste to revisit the haunted house. On the thirtieth of September, at noonday, I was drowsing over a heavy octavo, when I heard a feeble rap at my door. I replied with an invition to enter, but as this produced no effect I repaired to the door and opened it. Before me stood an elderly negress with her handker- chief folded across her bosom. She looked at me intently and in silence ; she had that air of supreme gravity and decency which aged persons of her race so often wear. I stood interrogative, and at last, drawing her hand from her ample pocket, she held up a little book. It was the copy of Pascal's "Thoughts" that I had given to Captain Diamond. " Please, sir," she said, very mildly, " do you know this book ?" " Perfectly," said I, " my name is on the fly- leaf." " It is your name-no other ?" " I will write my name if you like, and you can compare them," I answered. She was silent a moment and then, with dignity-" it would be useless, sir," she said, " I cannot read. If you will give me your word that is enough. I come," she went on, " from the gentleman to whom you gave the book. He told me to carry it as a token-a token-that is what he called it. He is right down sick, and he wants to see you." "Captain Diamond- sick ?" I cried. "Is his illness serious ?" " He is very had-he is all gone." I expressed my regret and sympathy, and offered to go to him immediately, if his sable messenger would show me the way. My conductress directed her steps toward the river and stopped at a decent little yellow house in one of the streets that descend to it. She quickly opened the door and led me in, and I very soon found myself in the presence of my old friend. He was in bed, in a darkened room, and evidently in a very feeble state. He lay back on his pillow staring before him, with his bristling hair more erect than ever, and his intensely dark and bright old eyes touched with the glitter of fever. His apartment was humble and scrupulously neat, and I could see that my dusky guide was a faithful servant. Captain Diamond, lying there rigid and pale on his white sheets, resembled some ruggedly carved figure on the lid, of a Gothic tomb. He looked at me silently, and my companion withdrew and left us alone. " Yes, it's you," he said, at last, " it's you, that good young man. There is no mistake, is there?" " I hope not ; I believe I'm a good young man. But I am very sorry you are ill. What can I do for you ?" "I am very bad; my poor old bones ache so !" and groaning portentously he tried to turn toward me. I questioned him about the nature of his malady and the length of time he had been in bed, but he barely heeded me ; he seemed im- patient to speak of something else. He grasped my sleeve, pulled me toward him, and whispered quickly : "You know my time's up !" " Oh, I trust not," I said, mistaking his meaning. " I shall certainly see you on your legs, again." "God knows!" he cried. "But I don't mean I'm dying ; not yet a bit. What I mean is, I'm due at the house. This is rent-day." "Oh, exactly! But you can't go." "I can't go. It's awful. I shall lose my money. If I am dying, I want it all the same. I want to pay the doctor. I want to be buried like a respectable man." " It is the evening ?" I asked." "This evening at sunset, sharp." "I can't lose my money. Some one else must go. I asked Belinda ; but she won't hear of.it." "You believe the money will be paid to another person ?" " We can try, at least. I have never failed before and I don't know. But, if you say I'm as sick as a dog, that my old bones ache, that I'm dying, perhaps she'll trust you. She don't want me to starve !" " You would ask me to go in your place, then ?" " You have been there once ; you know what it is. Are you afraid ?" I hesitated. "Give me three minutes to reflect," I said, "and I will tell you." My glance wandered over the room and rested on the various objects that spoke of the threadbare, decent poverty of its occupant. There seemed to be a mute appeal to my pity and my resolution in their cracked and faded sparseness. Meanwhile Captain Diamond continued, feebly : " I think she'd trust you, as I have trusted you ; she'll like your face ; she'll see there's no harm in you. It's a hundred and thirty-three dollars, exactly. Be sure you put them into a safe place." " Yes," I said at last, " I will go, and, so far as it depends upon me, you shall have the money by nine o'clock to-night." He seemed greatly relieved ; he took my hand and faintly pressed it, and soon afterward I withdrew. I tried for the rest of the day not to think of my evening's work, but, of course, I thought of nothing else. I will not deny that I was nervous; I was, in fact, greatly excited, and I spent my time in alternately hoping that the mystery should prove less deep than it appeared, and yet- fearing that it might ?? too shallow. Ths hours passed very ??? but, as the afternoon began to wane, I ???on my mission. On the way, I stopped at Captain Diamond's modest dwelling, to ask how he was doing, and to receive such last instructions as he might desire to lay upon me. The old negress, gravely and inscrutably placid, admitted me, and, in answer to my inquiries, said that the Captain was very low ; he had sunk since the morning. " You must be right smart " she said, " if you want to get back before he drops off." A glance assured me that she knew of my projected expedition, though, in her own opaque black pupil, there was not a gleam of self-betrayal. " But why should Captain Diamond drop off?" I asked, "he certainly seems very weak ; but I cannot make out that he has any definite disease." " His disease is old age," she said, senten- tiously. " But he is not so old as that ; sixty-seven or sixty-eight, at most." She was silent a moment. " He's worn out ; he's used up ; he can't stand it any longer." " Can I see him a moment ? " I asked ; upon which she led me again to his room. He was lying in the same way as when I had left bim, except that his eyes were closed. But he seemed very " low," as she had said, and he had very little pulse. Nevertheless, I further learned the doctor had been there in the afternoon and professed himself satisfied. " He don't know what's been going on," said Belinda curtly. The old man stirred a little, opened his eyes, and after some time recognised me. "I'm going, you know," I said. "I going for your money. Have you anything more to say !" He raiesd himself slowly, and with a painful effort, againsthis pillows ; but he seemed hardly to understand me. "The house, you know," I said. "Your daughter." He rubbed his forehead, slowly, awhile, and at last, his comprehension awoke. " Ah, yes," he murmured, I trust you. A hundred and thirty-three dollars. In old pieces-all in old pieces." Then he added more vigorously, and with a brightening eye : " Be very respectful be very polite. If not-if not-" and his voice failed again. "Oh, I certainly shall be," I said, with a rather forced smile. " But, if not ?" "If not, I shall know it!" he said, very gravely. And with this, his eyes closed and he sunk down again. I took my departure and pursued my journey with a sufficient resolute step. When I reached the house, I made a propitiatory bow in front of it, in emulation of Captain Diamond. I had timed my walk so as to be able to enter without delay ; night had already fallen. I turned the key, opened the door and shut it behind me. Then I struck a light, and found the two candlesticks I had used before, standing on the tables in the entry. I applied a match to both of them, took them up and went into the parlour. It was empty, and though I waited awhile, it remained empty. I passed then into the other rooms on the same floor, and no dark image rose before me to check my steps. At last, I came out into the hall again, and stood weighing the question of going up stairs. The staircase had been the scene of my discomfiture before, and I approached it with profound mistrust. At the foot, I paused, looking up, with my hand on the balustrade. I was acutely expectant, and my expectation was justified. Slowly, in the darkness above, the black figure that I had seen before took shape. It was not an illusion ; it was a figure, and the same. I gave it time to define itself, and watched it stand and look down at me with its hidden face. Then, deliberately, I lifted up my voice and spoke. " I have come in place of Captain Diamond, at his request," I said, " He is very ill ; he is unable to leave his bed. He earnestly begs that you will pay the money to me; I will immediately carry it to him." The figure stood motionlsss, giving no sign. "Captain Diamond would have come if he were able to move," I added, in a moment, appealingly ; " but he is utterly unable." At this the figure slowly unveiled its face and showed me a dim, white mask ; then it began slowly to descend the stairs. Instinctively I fell back before it, retreating to the door of the front sitting-room. With my eyes still fixed on it, I moved backward across the threshold; then I stopped in the middle of the room and set down my lights. The figure advanced ; it seemed to be that of a tall woman, dressed in vaporous black crape. As I drew near, I saw that it had a perfectly human face, thought it looked extremely pale and sad. We stood gazing at each other; my agitation had com- pletely vanished ; I was only deeply interested. " Is my father dangerously ill ?" said the apparition. ' At the sound of its voice-gentle, tremulous, and perfectly human-I started forward; I felt a rebound of excitement. I drew a long breath, I gave a sort of cry, for what I saw before me was not a disembodied spirit, but a beautiful woman, an audacious actress. Instinctively, irresistibly, by the force of re- action against my credulity, I stretched out my hand and seised the long veil that muffled her head. I gave it a violent jerk, dragged it nearly off, and stook staring at a large fair person, of about five-and-thirty. I comprehended her at a glance ; her long black dress, her pale, sorrow worn face, painted to look paler, her very fine eyes,-the colour of her father's,-and her sense of outrage at my movement. " My father, I suppose," she cried, " did not send you here to insult me !" and she turned away rapidly, took up one of the candles and moved toward the door. Here she paused, looked at me again, hesitated, and then drew a purse from her pocket and flung it down on the floor. "There is your money!" she said, majestically. I stood there, wavering between amassment and shame, and saw her pass out into the hall. Then I picked up the purse. The next moment, I heard a loud shriek and a crash of something dropping, and she came staggering back into the room without her light. "My father-my father!" she cried; and with parted lips and dilated eyes, she rushed toward me. "Your father-where ?" I demanded. " In the hall, at the foot of the stairs." I stepped forward to go out, but she seized my arm. " He is in white," she cried, in his shirt. It's not he!" " Why, your father is in his house, in his bed, extremely ill," I answered. She looked at me fixedly, with searching eyes. "Dying?" " I hope not," I stuttered. She gave a long moan and covered her face with her hands. "Oh, heavens, I have seen his ghost!" she cried. She still held my arm ; she seemed too terrified to release it. " His ghost !" I echoed, wonderingly. "It's the punishment of my long folly !" she went on. " Ah," said I, " it's the punishment of my indiscretion-of my violence !" " Take me away, take me away !" she cried, still clinging to my arm. "Not there "-as I was turning toward the hall and the front door -"not there, for pity's sake ! By this door the back entrance." And snatching the other candles from the table, she led me through the neighbouring room into the back part of the house. " You have been playing all these years a most extraordinary game," I said. She looked at me sombrely, and seemed disinclined to reply. "I came in perfect good faith," I went on. "The last time-three months ago-you remember ?-you greatly frightened me. "Of coarse itwas an extraordinary game," she answered at last. " But it was the only way." "Had he not forgiven you?" "So long as he thought me dead, yes. There have been things in my life he could not forgive." I hesitated and ther-" And where is your husband ?" I asked. "I have no husband-I have never had a husband." She made a gestare which checked further questions, and moved rapidly away. I walked with her round the house to the road, and she kept murmuring-"It was he-it was he!" When we reached the road she stopped, and asked me which way I was going. I pointed to the road by which I had come, and she said -"I take the other. You are going to my father's ?" she sdded. " Directly," I said. "Will you let me know to-morrow what you have found ?'' "With pleasure. But how shall I com- municate with you ?" She seemed at a loss, and looked about her. " Write a few words," she said, " and put them under that stone." And she pointed to one of tbe lava slabs that bordered the old well. I gave her my promise to comply, and she turned away. " I know my road," she said. " Every- thing is arranged. It's an old story." I returned to town at a swinging pace, and marched straight to the little yellow house near the river. I took the liberty of entering without a knock, and, encountering no inter- ruption, made my way to Captain Diamond's room. Outside the door, on a low bench, with folded arms, sat the sable Belinda. " How is he ?" I asked. " He's gone to glory." "Dead?" I cried. She rose with a sort of tragic chuckle. " He's as big a ghost as any of them now !" I passed into the room and found the old man lying there irredeemably rigid and still; I wrote that evening a few lines which I pro- posed on the morrow to place beneath tho stone, near the well ; but my promise was not destined to be executed. I slept that night very ill-it was natural-and in my restlessness left my bed to walk about the room. As I did so I caught sight, in passing my window, of a red glow in the north-western sky. A house was on fire in the country, and evidently burning fast. It lay in the same direction as the scene of my evening's adventures, and as I stood watching the crimson horizon I was startled by a sharp memory. I had blown out the candle which lighted me, with my companion, to the door through which we escaped, but I had not accounted for the other light, which she carried into the hall and dropped- heaven knew where -in her consternation. The next day I walked out with my folded letter and turned out into the familiar cross-road. The haunted house was a mass of charred beams and smoldering ashes; the well-cover had been pulled off, in quest of water, by a few neighbours who had had the audacity to contest what they must have regarded as s demon-kindled blaze, the loose stones were completely displaced, and the earth had been trampled into puddles. 