State School Lectures. WOED-FAINTING. On Saturday, Mr T, P. Hill drew tho at tention of his auditors, in Spring street, to the admirablo suggestions to teachers made by the Bishop of Melbourne in bis recent aaaress ro we cicrgy ui wo uuurcn . or England. His lordBhip had shown that thc young wanted to learn ; that they were curious about everything in heaven and on earth. Tho work, therefore, that instructors had to perform was to teach in a way that would prove attractive! Instead of confining themselves to tho "dry methods of tho schools," teachers would do well to make constant references to current events aud current principles. Ho, tho lecturer, hnd always maintained thnt, under well trained and first-class oral teachers, the school room might be made aa arena almost ob attractive ns the theatre. Last week the " study of words" had been proved to be an all-important study. On the present occa sion it was desired to show how much power might be lent to teaching by picturing out words. A word was not an expression con vey iug an idea, unless it could be presented to Ihemind vividly, Theycouldnotpictureout words with which they were unacquainted; for example, when the Great Apostle of the Gen- tiles was caught np te the third henven, ! ilicy were told that he heard wordB which were not lawful to utter, or that ho was UDable to utter. Why waB that ? Because they were expressive of ideas tho reality of which no human language could convey ; for all languages, from that of tho savage to tho most civilised nations, were formed only to express thc things thnt were visible and known. Henven itself wag represented by earthly things and objects, such ns songs, arcbes, bnrps of gold, crowns of glory, streets of gold, rivcrB of pleasure, etc. Expressions of that kind proved that spiritual things could only bo discerned through natural things. Thnt was the .inductive method pursued by the Great Teacher. The finest and most instructive object lessons to be found in any book wero contained within the four corners cf the four Gospels, What he (Mr Hill) meant by tho phrase " pictur ing ont werds" was an absolute representation of ideas and things by means of annlogy, resemblance, contrast, and striking, fnmiliar illustrations. It might bo objected that such a mode of instruction was not new. That might be admitted readily, for tho Wise King had assured the world that there was nothing new under the sun. Steam, electricity, nnd gtiB existed in tho primeval time; hut tha patriarchs had neither the iron horse nor tho eleetrio tele graph as the moderns have ; neither were their tents nor city lanes lit up with gas. If, therefore, there was nothing new under thc sun, there might, at least, be new combinations, producing new aud unheard of results. Facts demon strated that the practice recommended, whenever or wherever pursued, wns ns power fully influential in tho schoolroom as the steam engine and the electric telegraph were useful in "the commercial world." Let teachers, then, in the language of tho Bishop, avoid "the dry method of the schools." Owing to inattention to this subject, the laoguage of poetry wbb hardly ever properly understood ; figures of speech were entirely mistaken ; and the meaning of natural objects waB more or less lamentably perverted, One of Her Majesty's inspectors in tbo old country had asserted that he never asked the meaning of tho word " eopse," in Goldsmith's familiar line — " New yonder copse, where once thc garden smiled," without getting as nn am, ver, " dead body." Noble thoughts and exalted sentiments wero expressed in simple language. Thc remark was particularly applicable to the writings of Shnkcspere. a well-chosen Bcene from such a source, with a carefully studied in troduction, bringing vividly out all the most salient points desired to bo pictured out to the" mind's eye," would be found to be a means of powerful intellectual instruction. He (Mr Hill) would illustrate the object ho had in view, by calling attention to tho opening scenes of tho greatest tragedy tha ; was ever forged upon the hnmnn intellect — tho tragedy .of Hamlet, As in Macbeth, they were, in the first scene, placed ia the company of tbo weird sisters on tho blasted heath, 'midst thunder, lightning, and rain, with the view of preparing them for the supernatural solicitations and metaphysical aid which were destined to lead tho guilty Thane throsgh murder to a throne; so in Hamlet they were, at the very outset, by the appearanco of the buried Majesty of Don- mark in the dend waste and middle of the night, prepared for the reception of thesolema mysticisms which were to shake their disposi- tionswith thoughts beyond the reaches of their souls, Tho authoress of the Mysteries of Udolpho had dwelt with singular felicity on these circumstances. The dark watch on the remote platform of the onBtle — tho dreary riBpect of the night — tho very expression of the officer on guard, " 'Tis bitter cold, and I am sick at heart" — the recollection of a star — nn unknown world — were surroundings which excited forlorn, melancholy, and solemn feelings, and disposed them to welcome with trembling curiosity the awful npparition that wbb drawing near, nnd led them to indulge in that Btrnnge mixture of horror, pity, and indignation by the tale which it revealed. When Horatio entered — the challenge — the dienified nnBwer. " Friends and lierromon to Ihe Dane" — the question of Horatio to Bernardo, touching tho apparition — tho un folding of the reason why Horntio had con sented tc. watch tho minutes of tho night — their Bitting down while Bernnrdo related the particulars of what ho and Mnrccllus hnd seen for two nights together— and, above all, the few fine lines with which ho began his story,. " Last night of all," &c;,, and tho distinguishing of the situation of " Yon Enme star" — tho very point of timo when the spirit hod appenrod — tho abruptness with which he broko off, " Ihe bell then beating ono" — the instant appearance of the ghost, as though ratify ing the story for the very truth itself — all these were circumstances which thc deepest sensibility only could havo suggested, and whioh if they read them a hundred times continued to affect them as much as at first. The blaze of genius, said the lecturer, wbb reflected on every line of that wonderful opening, Hamlet was the Sphynx of dramatic literature. He had cvor been, and to the end of time wonld ho, a marvel and mystery, Willi one he wns merely n name, nnd bin speechen but tho idle coinage of tho poet's brain. To another he was the concen tration of all tho interest that belonged to tho common humanity of man, possessing thoughts and emotions bo complex as to mako thc character a subject of tho pro- foundest pechylogical study, With a third, lie wns a being propelled by circumstances rather than propelling them, Why such a turn was given to tho character the critics could not tell. Another thoughtful writer bad regarded tho moody 1'rinco ns n visible incarnation of of thc hnmnn 6onl bowed down beneath th weight nnd bnrden and myBtery of th; Universe, which it was marvellous how lightly nnd unconcernedly the vast majority of the crawlers between enrth and heaven did by somo menns contrivo to benr. They ntc, they drank, they slept, tbey continued their race, toiled, contended nnd died, with out there onco coming over them, save ns a cnsunl exception to the rule, a dread and overwhelming sense of the inscrutable won der of nil things, If asked, then, to what question Hamlet was a reply he, Mr Hill, wonld tnko np his parable from the author of the " Songs of tho Universe," and answer — tlic drciul of something after death. That undiscovered country, from whoso bouruo No traveller returns— puzzles the will, hnd makes us rather hear thoso ills wo liavo Than fly to others thnt we know not of. 'Jims conscience dooth mako cowards of us all, And thun thc nntivo hue of resolution In sicklied o'er with tho palo oast of thought, And enterprises of greal pllli nnd moment Willi tlds regard, their currents turn awuy And lose awry tho name of action. That was tho groundwork of that burthen some lonthing, of that weariness of spirit, of that fever and fret, that had made the world an nnwecded gnrden, and of that nwful sense of death and eternity that "puzzle the will,' Viewed from, that stand-point, Hamlet became the most solemn name in dramatic litoraturc. Mr Hill then recited the great scene in tho first act betweon Hpmlct, Horatio, Bernardo, and Marcellus, pointing ont as ho went, alone tho aid which a knowledge of intellectual inflection, pause, and emphasis, lent to tho interpretation of Bhnkcspearo's conceptions, Tho interest nnd attention with which tho lcctnrer was listened to throughout vindicated all that had been said in favor of word-painting. The simultaneous reading of a sceno from tho tragedy, by tho teachers nnd pupil teachers, gone through with tasto and judgmont, brought the proceedings to a cloeo, 