FATHER FABIAN, Th.9 Monk of Malkam To.or. , , , CHAP.TER, X. , , ' 'J 3VLVLIIAM "TOWEll. ' ' i Cannot God's- Spirit, keep thy, hearbo !' ' i « <>. Up to its holy,-- chosen part/ w.ew — Amulithecity's' thronging scene, ; As well as intho forest green ? i'Tis sweet awhilo to turn away, And in the leafy groves to pray ; \- ; . i Thenito thy post withicheerful'browi .!. '"Back-with fresh energy to - / .. . r m v . I . -/: i.;.:':Needs not to tiu-n toclositer, colV ; To -praise andglorif y-Himwel! ; 1 . a' 'Twere'pleasarit to the flesh to: leave :r; l, , ii- < ...I The 'haunts where crime and sorrow, grieve -j Yet-though the world we may not flee, 1 1 In it, nokof.it, must we be." " t ' " You will not see Malham To'wer. till you are close upon it," said the General, as he and . his friends toiled up the' steep woody, ascent ; ".it lies "under" the hil! on this side, though it is tolerably, open to the south and west, where, the land, with few inequalities, slopes down to the sea-level." ; ! . << This a beautiful country of yours,'.' said Mr. Fabian', with enthusiasm. " It seems absurd tliat I know nothiug at all about it, but the fact i3 'I "never was' in the Lake district beforehand yet I \- have travelled. 'over half ;tbe world."' . ' ' " I think we English-folk of the present day > are "singularly guilty of the folly of exploring » aU other" countries before' our own. Now, 1 have never set my( foot in Wales, and I know absolutely nothiug. of „ the south- western ' counties ! Iv''could describe Castile l.',hn'd ; Andalusia far bettor than ' Devon andv Corn- Vail. However, that' was not quite my" own 'fault my duties took me abroad to Spainj to Alexandria, to Greece, 1 and ' elsewhere ; ; my in clinations 'kept, me' here in my own home country. A run up to London, just'iio get the ; .provincial rust off,' once a'year, and a few weeks! on the' Scotch coast now and then; ..for, sea- 1 breezes, .comprise 'all/our 'travels for the "last! fifteen years." We'1 got' to be . regular stay-at-; home birds ;rtliere was no place like Seatondale. : And now I 'don't suppose I 'shall ever go far: afield again'; I ain getting old and weary, and II do not intend to bring up my little daughter in; "a worldly fashion." . , _ . ' , ' r , ' I ' think you are quite right ; a worldly educations is a mistake, taking the lowest view of it. I believe it never jMys. And what is as beautiful as a young life devoted to God,', to works of holiness'and charity ?" f VTrue! true! but you did not exactly un derstand me. I only intended to say- that I did: riot wish to bring up my child as a gay, fashion able woman, simply because I dislike fashionable life— having had a surfeit of it in 'my youth, in iny first wile's time ; and also", because I think" —nay, I am sure — that a woman may enjoy more happiness at home, in the midst of her own people, than in any other situation.-, . iStill, 1 make no rash resolves ; my poor little girl will' be a great heiress, Mr. Fabian, and' she ought to.enjoy all the advantages which wealth . and position can afford. It would not be wise . in mo to bring up my daughter in too much seclusion. I am old— too old, alas, to be; fhe' father of a motherless infant. In- all pro- bability, she will enter into full possession of her rights while still very young. I do not think I shall live to see Miss Seaton attain her majority ; it is not likely ! I am sixty-three now, and the hardships of several harassing campaigns aged me considerably ; and now, since my child came, I feel — I cannot say — how many years older than I was before. I am an old man, and there will be no moro renewing of my youth, or of manly vigour. Yes, I am an old man, and bid; for my little one, I should rejoice to kuow that the end is not so very far off." " Still, for that little one's sake, you must bear on," said Mr. Fabian, seemingly much affected. "God has given her to you — a precious gift, pure from his own band. You must live for her ; you must be content for her dear sake to count yet many weary' burdened years, before you go to rest. Forgive mc, if I touch even reverently that which must be most sacred ; but from all that I have heard, I am sure she would have wished it so." The General turned away his head, his keen eves were swimming with tears ; but he grasped his companion's hand. How was it that Mr. Clifford, with his kind and pious condolences, had never moved him thus ? This man, who was clearly & king among his fellows, spoke with a force, an authority oven, that carried with his simplest words a certain weight, that could not be withstood. And yet how deep, how respectful, with his half-implied sympathy. Those rich mellow tones of nis, so sad, so earnest, and so kind, touched some chord in the General's sorely wonnded heart, and awakened a responsive sentiment as strange as it was sweet and soothing. General Seaton was riot a truly religious man, though on the whole, I 'think he was faithful to his lights ; but, he :said to himself, as ho trod among the junipers on Middlebarro w , Heights — "Thank God! I Tiave found a friend. This man has come to comfort m'e and help me in my bitter pain and solitude." A few yards more, and the wide heath-land they were traversing sloped abruptly, and they saw before 'tliom, almost at their feet, the - ancient Tower of Malham. It was a fine old Peel, with machicoulis and tourelles ; the walls, grey with age and' '-weather- stained, seemed im mensely solid, arid on one side were clotted with aged ivy.; the carved stone mullions were perfect, arid the arched gateway by which the. , Tower was ontorod allowed the remains of a., long disused portcnllis. Though lying low, -as regarding the eminence from- which the gentle men had descended, the Tower - stood 'upon raised ground. The acclivity; as ' it was approached, was considerable, but behind' there-, was a steep and almost sheer descent from the- : edge of what must once - have been the courtyards : of the fortalice ; and far beneath was a stretch - : of peaty land called, in 'northern parlance,- ":a' moss, " about which wound - several ' narrow : sluggish streams;- all - converging towards a' small, dark, solemn-looking tarn which' washed the base of' a beetle-shaped,' rocky, low fell; or i rather ridg'o, crowned' with- a thick wood- of" , pines and larches:' '' The .view from the ' front -of ; the Towe'r was;- as the General observed, truly- - magnificent. 't !Fir3t of all; there wa3 the moor-' : laud -covered! with brake and .bramble, and the. i sw,oet creamy little' Burnet Rose .; then,' the - : limestone ravine !' of Malham, along ' which : tumbled' a mountain stream, and : where rare . ferns arid1 -curious mosses :were- alleged to grow:; i then, -the estuaries of f two small'- tidal,- rivers ; wandering ' over 'tho- golderi.sands till tlioy lost' ' themselves in . the deep seawater,. which'shim- mereil and sparkledrimder the clear blue-sky of ! the lovely summer "noon: ' Also there were : green fiekWand fir-clad- slopes, and grey- crags, - and - a piece: of ! barren, " undulating"' heath von which lay hugo boulders and' splints of rock", and masses of Jsilvcr-grey. fretted stone overgrown with creeping' plants; moss, : and lichen,' and . garlanded witli sprays arid lestoons of 'tlio shin-r mg.' wild geranium— the beautiful ': Ocran'mm Iiucindum of 'botanists,- 'which "seems to riced'"no soil wherein :to .'flourish; and which turnsfto 'a clear crimson, leaves and stems 'and all, as the . summer advances; -: \ \ '< -:-i : : " There !' what; do('.you think 'of that ?" said the'rGeneral, "as ' they paused on a little stone bridge over what was : rather: a dry trench than an extinct moat. . " Could .-you have imagined a fairer;landscape " 1 ' " I never saw one so perfectly combining all the elements of 'beauty;".said Mr. Fabian. \Anbrey : was - too -much enraptured to speak; hei-had'inever heard -of the- "thoughts thatdo lie:"too.deep!<for tears, "'but they. -press 'on- his heart'S-.at: That; .moment' so- strongly1 ( that -he s careely ijkriew- wheth er ' the pleas ure were -not half pain. "' '. '.That must have been a playground' of the Titans !" continued Mr,. Fabian ; .''.your land seems td :grow: roeks and boulders ;': every one of 1 thenu fit to .'be put into a picture ! ' This must- have 'been a ' volcanic region long, - long ago—" hundreds, perhaps thousands of- years before! Adam and Eve'were created." " " That is what the savans say; -For myself : I; ami no geologist;"! scarcely know the mean- rig of miocene and eocene. " I have studied Vaubian to better purpose thari 'Lyel! But there are strange theories abou,t the land -here,; and qneer legions of earthquakes that must have occurred before the world began. And — you'll see -it presently— down in Malham Moss is a: lake, that all the country folk declare to be1 -bottomless, or least unfathonable. < One thing is; 'certain, that it is affected at certain periods by; the- tide. If you come here, Mr. Fabian; and care to : study nature, you will find plenty to occupy your thoughts." " " Only too much, I am afraid. I could lead a delightful idle life in the midst of so much that is wonderful and new and beautiful." " If you studied to sqme purpose, I should scarcely call it idle. How much we, who can not, or do not care to investigate, owe to the men who have pondered and weighed the half- formed theories of the ages, who have explored Nature's fruitful mysteries, and discovered and ; arrariged for our own benefit those laws and systems which we callScience — asortof Learning- made-Easy, which we shallow ones are only too thankful to adopt and make our own." ; 'What you say is quite true. Much is owed to linen of profound science, among whom, how ever, I do not number myself. I am only a . dabbler. And I may not dabble ioo much, lest I neglect my duties." , " But you will have no duties here." " Nay, but I must have duties everywhere. I am sworn to the service of God's altars, con secrated to the work of His Church. An ordained clergyman can never cast away his responsibilites." "Once a clergyman always a clergyman," you mean. " I mean far more than that, General Seaton. I, too have heard the voice which says — " ' Ye who the Lord's commission bear, His way of mercy to prepare, Angels He calls ye ; be your strife To lead on earth an agel's life. . Think not of rest, though dreams be sweet; Start up, and ply your heavenward feet. Is not God's oath upon your head, Ne'er to sink back on slothful bed, Never again your loins untie, Nor let your torches waste and die, Till when the shadows thickest fall, Ye hear your Master's midnight call ?' ' You all know those lines, I dare say ; but General Seaton had never heard them before. Thirty years ago people were not nearly so familiar with Kebble's Christian Year as they are now. Mr. Clifford had heard them, or read them, somewhere ; but they had made slight impressions on him. His new friend's solemnity ana earnestness awed him a good deal. Like many other oarelesB, though well- intentioned persons, he was open to strong impressions, and felt rather uncomfortable as he reflected that it had never occurred to him to regard his ordain- ation vows in this solemn light. Also, he wondered whether his new friend and coadjutor, who had so suddenly appeared, might not after awhile become rather troublesome, forcing upon, his consideration many questions which lie; had always avoided, simply because he hated trouble, and was not worth the candle. He listened to Fabian's quotation in utter silence ;' it was! very line, certainly, but not the sort of thing. to which, he was accustomed. As for the General,: he wa3 struck with profound admiration : they, fell like a trumpet-blast upon his ear, , those words, i of fervid power, uttered iu Fabiau's deep, low, thrilling tones. In his soldier, days he had-becu. no loiterer in the ranks, no military, idler, in ladies' bowers, and lie could .appreciate .to the, full, true, earnest sorro In auy, sphoi-o uf rire.; Ho comprehended, ouilclenly, as it were, .to_ what- sort of service the . soldier of Christ. i3, called ; and ho felt humbled, remembering. his; own deficiencies nd his life-long negligence and; indifference. ,, > .' " That, is the way, in which the, profession of holy orders should be, viewed;!' -he ,was , begiu- : niug,: when Mr. Fabian gravely; -but gently,-, in terrupted. " Pardon mo— the Church is .a vocation— not a profession." t , j , . " Again y6u are right," replied; the Genera! " We will talk over; . this v seriously: another, time. Just, no w, I see & Mr. Clifford .is irapar tient of standing in: rtho ; hot sun. Let us enter the Tower — your future abode, I trust, Mr. Fabian.'.' , ; , Coming' out of the warm .sunshiny air into the deep .-shade of, << the :« deserted: Tower. . - the y felt'-ofiv.a sudden .clull.r i, The, ... place was in" good repair, so far as tlie .outer walls 'and the roof: i wont; - bujf broken casements ..'and ; wide, chimneys, fireless ; for, rmany a year, liad,!et .in; winter snows and' summer, showers.- The -lower, rooms -seemed. .utterly , uninhabitable,; .-and -v.- the winding stone -stairs were very - niuch decayed. ; A sudden; clamour, and flutter Jof. v/ings uprose, as '.the i, General and .his -iparty advaucecbjinto, what had- once, boon the refectory, of <tho;inonks., Thei- birds vhad built » and. , batched - their little ones so long. undisturbed, under shelter, of those! ina3sive walls;, that they were ; doubtless, : angry, , as 'well ;as surprised," at this , unexpected inva sion of -their quarters. They. all- -.flow 'away,, however,- except , one, large '.white o w!-< who sat blinking, -on, a shattered: corbel, . regarding the iutruders.with apatheticiscorn.vi.,; i"" Don;t: frighten him !"> said-Mr.; Fabiari,' as Aubrey/vlad-liko 1 tried -to arouse"him with: a whoop : " he - shall' bo ' my p et; my ''Pallas Atllone,' 'if -he ! is: not driven av/ay by.'the work men, 'who must come in to ! do the needful re pairs" 1 " 1 , ! " 'Needful indeed !"vresponded the -'General; shivering,1 and pulling up the collar'of his coat. " Fabian !- You don't: mean to « say- yon will live in this1 tumble-down- old ruiu ?'\; >!»> — . . -" It is not a'ruin; General Seaton; . There is nothing wanting that cannot oasily - be snpplied: Let me 'see ! I shall make this . the kitchen;!! '" < Your- - cooks1 will- give; warning>before:thoy have cooked- half-a- dozen dinners. Fancy;roast- iDg a' joint before that grate !" ; - ; That grate must come out, and -be; replaced with a certain kind of cooking.stove, "or close range such as Lhavo seen in France j an'd-'tkere must- be'somo shelves,1 and a oupbord;or two -for my...' pots "and- - kettles.-' Properly furnished and well -warmed; ' this will'- be a right noble, kitchen, ; hall, "for what you' wflL 1 : Now let us go higher.", ' " 'Thri;upper rooiris were;'almbst as| coiniortless as.'Tlie ;lp wer ;qnes;vbuty oridaie; rind' nearly' square ' apartment' , especially ' delighted Mr. .Fabian : It . was lof tyr! arid had two high 'tradiriwi,'.. p'ne'a'IanffBf ri'riel,: looking different ways. ' The yiew!frpm' 'either was splendid ; the oriel looked over-the wild- crags arid fells to the great"' mountain pealis . beyond," the other commanded thib green ravine, , thS estuary, . arid: ii lovely expanse of sea. _The floor was of 'solid- oak, 'as sound as when laMrdiqwn, and the walls' /too.were'poneil'iii'' e'iinder ' al beautifully eiirved , oaken cornice. 1 Tjhere was a stone iriantel-piece, ' covered with sculptured deyices of the' chase, and above it, on the liroad chimney-breastj something that looked ; like1 the ghost of a faded fresco. Mr. -Fabian rubbed his hands delightedly. . " This will be , my drawing-room, study, and library!" he said. " Here shall I live winter and summer, morning, noon, and night, when I am at home. I have some fine old oak presses that will accommodate my books and- papers, and I have a tapestry screen that will be useful, I expect, on windy days ; arid I think I ; must treat my self to a good thick turkey carpet. The walls, or rather the panels, are past:; repolisliing, I am afraid, so the more they are. covered with books and pictures the better. You will not know the room when you see it again, General. " Wait till you have looked at the bed rooms." The bedrooms were not particularly inviting, and would have repelled a Sybarite, at first view ; but Mr. Fabian was not likely to con- .cern himself about crumpled rose-leaves. His- habits, he said, were simple, almost to severity ; "he should only want a small iron bedstead, and two or three necessary articles of furniture of the plainest description. A light closet adjoin ing would do for a dressing or bath-room. Aubrey knew that it would bo the priest's own Oratory! There were half-a-dozen more rooms than Mr. Fabian could possibly find use for ; his family would consist, of himself and his housekeeper, and one serving-man, who would probably be accommodated in the out-buildings: ,There was the refectory as his own eating- room, ; the beautiful oak-room, a storey higher, and the sleeping-room and cabinet, as he called the octagonal closet adjacent. "As for the upper rooms," ho said, "I will have them put in order at once; my housekeeper can take twhich she likes, and 1 will have one fitted up as a guest-chamber — for I have many friends .who may come to visit me from afar. And that is all I shall do at present. So here I am, your tenant, General Seaton, if you will accept me." "Accept you? Yes ! and most heartily, if you can make np your mind to become the in habitant of so desolate a place ; but I warn yon, you will too often have to play the hermit." "And in the winter," pursued Mr. Clifford — " and our northern winters are severe as a rule, and never very mild — you may be snowed up for weeks ; as .much shut in from the outer world as were the monks of the desert. We cannot come to you, and yon cannot come to . us; there are so many deop hollows between this and Seatondale that. the drifts are impass able. , There is a legend that the person who>, lived here — one of the half-crazy Durrells— was all but starved, during one long storm which Fasted ten weeks." ... ; : " A snow-stonn last ten weeks !" replied Mr. Fabian, amazed; " -Why, I wonder the Tower 1 itself, was not buried, battlements and all !" : " Oh,: you: do. not understand our northern-- speech," explained the Genera! "As long as the snow !ies iinmelted .on the reckon .that the. storm lasts.,-- Iqoy.-o, two snow-storriic. ; us from November to the -jmcldlo.of March. But seriously, you might be put to very' great ' inconvenience through a . tremendous and prolonged fall of snow, -such- as- . 1 wo ' sometimes1 - have in these high latitudes of ours . ! t'-.'I am not sure that we could, dig you out; alive." ' ' . ' - ' - : " Not if the snow' lay ten weeks.- / But to be- forewarried' is' enough. ; When: the autumn . wanes I' must prepare for 'the enemy,", who may possibly blockade my castle.' "! My housekeeper Msonein; a thousand, and' knows.j;how to lay iu; .. f her stores ; I would trust her to victual- a ship, ; : or a garrison- expecting a siege. - I1 shall keep a;' cow, and fowls ; as you suggestedpl- may as- ; well- amuso.: my leisure with: a little' farming.-.;! . '.And with- a sack: of flour, agood provision; of- ! oatmeal; some dried fish, and a sido of '-hacon- ; always in hand -for: the -winter- season, I -think: 'we need not fear -the pangs of actual, hunger ! When may I'. take possession, General Seaton ?" - i " This moment, if you choose to be so rash. : > Wo shall not quarrel about the rent, I promise : you ; you "may pay .> a trifle- for the land, .if you ; will; but T- shall :dcclino to receive, anything: for; this old ruin." ' : ; " Then I shall decline to bo your -tenant."" L ! should prefer to take the .plobe ; on a- long, lease,;, and pay_a reasonable rent ; " then sliould ifeel as though Malham Tower were my own strong- . :hold, and,!' need not, grudge -.to-day. out my . money, upon it., v But all that we can presently \- discuss j'-no'wdet .,us;'if-;you ' pleaso;-',inspect:..the. ; outhouses, -andithen the. chapel and the cloisters:1 , Perhaps I, may. Irestore ; the: eeelesiasticaUbuild- ings— whodenowsv; . have morningcand- ovoningi-v , service klailyj. and outdo Mr. Clifiord.':'"- Mr." Clifford1 laughed. , ' " , „ 1 dl-You ; may/irestore otho :,chapel!,-rthough :;it' woulA'.cost,ybuia;fair;fortnne.to do. so— and you maybave the services yoiivspeak-i of ; you may turn Puseyite even, aua go in for i vespers;and» matins;: -nones and . compline;: midnight mass, audall-the rest of -it;! only, the congregation will he— nowhere, unless, following St.' Anthony's! example, you preach to the. birds of the air and the beasts of the field." Having inspected the outhouses whore the ; cow and Mr. Fabian's horse would have to-re- side, the gentlemen turned1 to the- cloisters'.: They were really beautiful, though on a very small scale ; and as for the chapel, Mr. Fabiau pronounced , it " a gom,": although it was. windowless, and for the most part roofless; and ::; entirely despoiled. - , Aubrey 1 seemed lost in meditation;" He had been unusually silent since his arrival at. Seaton Hal! - Mrs. .Drewitt would 1 scarcely have. recognised liim for tho pleasant,: free- spoken - young gentleman who, in spito of his religion, ; had won her motherly, kind heart; . . i . Also, Mr. Fabian displayed an immense, amount of architectural knpwlodge j he could teU, almost to a year, the date of any .piece of especial stonework, arid he knew all about rood-screens, and' rercdos, and piscina, and . sedilia, arid hagioscope, and many other strange- 4v things, with which the once Protestant Church , of England was altogether unfamiliar. ! When they returned to the Hall, Aubrey found a letter from his father, almost demand ing his speedy return to Southerleigh. " I don't know what you are doing in that out-of- the-way place," wrote Mr. Seaton of Souther leigh. "I want you here!, you are my heir still if you are no longer heir of ; Seatondale. 1 1 am ill, far worse than I was a month ago, and I 'want my only, son for comfort a&d.iooinpahion-; ship. ; What Father Fabiari is up to I cannot? imagine-; .'but I don't wish for yon to be mixed up with it, whatever- it ; is. William Seaton and ! are not friends, .still we are bfothersj and if for good ends he is to be cheated and deluded, I do not care that you, my son, should be a. party to the cheat or to the delusion. Leave Father Fabian to carry out his own schemes, ta find his own tools ; all my clrildren have gone from me — just retribution, perhaps, since it was I who induced your Aunt Agnes to take the veil, to our father's grief and bitter disappoint ment. But I will not let you and Millicent go without a struggle ! And I am in England, and England is not yet subject to his Holiness. I have but to appeal to my country against my Church, and there will be such a comiriotion from John-o'-Groats to Land's-end as has not. been known since the downfall of the Stuarts, So come baok to me, Aubrey, at . once, or mis- chief will ensue. . And don't show this letter to Father FabiaD. - I am your father, remember, and a son - cannot have two fathers any more. ' than ,a- man can': serve two masters. This. ; letterisAeiiucea ourselves, and he has nothing to do with it. : :Leat . you sliould he short of money, I enclose a! cheque,! which you can get, cashed at Lunechester if not at Chalfonts. I suppose the infant, is: likely- tolivoi?" Whatever Mr.'-Seatqn might 'Say,; Aubrey ;didt feel that lie had two masters, and he knew that \- jf-ho f.-i-i'e'l :to (sliow his letter,, to -Father Fabian; he /omission would be; regarded as a cardinal sin;- ; tor which he must do penance : sooner >oh later;.'i,That night he avoided) ,the:priest:caBily; - x and -after he baddoeked himself inhis.room, ho remained >for a long time iniprofound mcdita- , tion. i 5 The: end of (it all was; thatihecrcad hip; father's: letter again/weiy vcarofully andrihehj tore it into pieces,; each of f whichhe seti alight > at the candlo. . In three minutes j a few-light:- ' ashes— a littleftindcr, ratlier, lay- on the hob. of the.old-fashioned grate;;.:; ha fA'NoWj' said 'Aubrey,;- rising from his, .knees, > after : s.itisfying himself that the letter : was.: ' entirely consumed, " Father Fabiaii may .storm as long as he pleases, for . .1 have put it: but;qf my power to disobey my real, father. "Audi": .will tell my uncle that I must leave Seatoridale, to-.day as for going to Lunechester, L do not see that -I need say. anything about that— that, is, between my father and myself.'' ....... . ' ; ( To be continued. ) - 