PORTFOLIO. .We have great reason to adore the wis dom and gqodness of God in the dispensa tion of the Gospel, that by the sending down of His Holy Spirit to endow the first publishers of this heavenly doctrine with such miraculous powers and gifts, He bath given such abundant testimony to the truth of our religion, and such plain grounds for our faith to rely upon. Had God left the Christian religion to have been propagated only by its own ra tional force upon the minds of men, what a slow progress would it in all .proba bility have, made. Had the apostles of our Lord only gone forth in the strength of their own interest and elo. quence (which in poor and unlearned men must needs be very small), how little could they have contributed to the carry ing on so great and difficulta work. Nay, had they not been supported and borne up in their spirits by a mighty strength above their own, had not their commission .been sealed by the miraculous power of the Holy Ghost, which upon all occasions showed forth itself in them, to the wonder and astonishment of men, and was a testi. mony from heaven to them, that they were the ambassadors of God to men, spe cially empowered and commissioned by Him for that work, they could not but have been discouraged by the opposition and difficulties they met withal, and they might with Moses have declined the ser vice, and desired God to send His message by others that were fitter and better quali fied to deliver it, and after some vain and unsuccessful attempts to propagate the belief of their doctrines, they would have givenrit over and been ashamed of their rash undertaking. So St. Paul intimates, that had not the mighty power of God ac companied their preaching, made it effec tnal to the conversion and salvation of men, they would have been tempted to have been ashamed of the Gospel of Christ. Thus by the belief of the Gospel men should live to the obedience of faith, and comformably to the precepts of that holy religion which the Son of God by so many miracles hath planted and preserved in the world.-Archbishop Tillotson.. 