? MR. EDITOR,—It has come to this—we must do it ourselves. There is a new fine art to bo acquired; and it is being acquired. Tho broiling of a chop aud the boiling of a potato will henceforth constitute a feature of a gentlenan's education. It is desirable that tho mind should bo duly instructed and supplied; hut Bupply of tho bodily fabric is equally desirable. AVJiat avail the mouutains of beef that arc coming in from America and elsewhere, if we cannot eat them ? Of what benefit is it to us that fine juicy joints from tho fattened bullocks of " the rolling prairies " tempt us, at the charming price of eighteenpenco per pound, if it cannot bo cooked lor us 'I No man can cat raw inual; and it is equally dislastd'ul if it be presented upon a plate iu the condition of coal. We must cook it ourselves, or else stand with a rod of authority over the professional madam, and insist upon sensible directions being carried out. We might all be in an improved condition of health if we were to limit appetite to tho enjoyment of a steak or chop, unspoiled; but the doing of it must not be left to Professional Madam. We must do it ourselves. "If 'tis to be done," as Macbeth says, " then it were well it were done quickly." This art-students know, who find it advantageous in every respect to study and practise the art. Modern education and tho affectations of modern society forbid the interposition of wives and daughters in affairs of tho amine; therefore a now Order is extending, and men do it themselves. It originated iu chambers. It is found good to be there. Your club is pretentious aud fussy; and you are not always sure of satisfaction with the treatment of a viand, the wickedness of whose cooking is cunningly disguised with sauce and accompaniments, the nature of which it might not improve the appetite to investigate. Gay young bachelors have long been famous for their chop and bitter; aud when they have passed out of that condition they sometimes glide back to chambers, from crowded covers at the home table, and do with delight a little bit of olden cookery, which is simply perfection. Or they find a place in the City (or elsewhere) to luuch at j so, appetite being appeased at mid-day, they trifle with the family providings in the evening. Now, to these family providings aro attributable one-half of tho diseases which follow indigestible dinners. A man who eats in private his chop or two, with a corresponding amount of dry sherry (not sham sherry, of which there is too much administered) at half-past one (post meridian) is scarcely able to partake to any serious extent of the family banquet at six. It would not be gracious to show contempt for provision made by the wife of his bosom; so he flourishes his knife, or waves the spoon over the dishes as they come before him, aud enjoys the sight of his dear "better half" making away with the comestibles she loves; but which lie himself prudently disregards. Don't say this is hypocrisy. The \lear lady is not aware that anything better than her cook sends up can be obtained for love or money. She may have bought a cookerybook (or any number of them), aud sho turns over tho leaves as pathetically as though it were a sermon or a book of psalms. Does she not give so many pounds a year to her cook 1 What can mortal man expect when she gives so many pounds a year to her cook 1 It is enough to make an angel weep, if angel's hus band is not satisfied with his dinner after that! The reasoning is unanswerable. The good man submits in silence, and has his chop or two elsewhere, wherein his mastery of the new fine art is demonstrated, before ho takes his place at tho domestic table. Ho has a friend or two porhaps to enjoy his capabilities. Aud among them there may bo a taste discovered for small pleasures, rather more questionable. These entail expenses, and then follow tears, rebukes, remonstrance, and a lot of other unfortunate, but preventive, things. All this comes of Mrs. Grundy and tho charcoal chop. It is a beautiful sight to behold tho object of one's idolatry engaged in pencilling a cottage among umbrageous trees, with a cow in the foreground, and a milkmaid carrying her pail. It is equally interesting to see the same individual flourishing her beautiful fiugers over the koys of a piano, in the production of what she believes to be a sentiment of Beethoven, a wildues8 of Waguer, or a melody of Mozart (supposing her to have a classical determination in the head); or else (having limited pretensions) doing; a polka, or a waltz; but without in the least denying the effect of those presentations, might not, lot mo ask, that deal- lady find an advantage in diversifying her pursuits by an intelligent superintendence of tho ignorance and imposture down stairs? Wo all know that it is not tho proper thing for a ma a to put ou au apron (metaphorically), aud make an appear-. anco in that locality; but, as some of us .know, it is done. Madame Grundy, tho representative lady of fashionable society, is shocked. Lot her be so. We mon want a dinner, and snap fiugers at Grundy. Dear ladies are so badly educated that tho female demon of tho rolling pin assumes an autocratic mastery, from which they flinch and hide themselves in their husband's bosoms; but they aro unwise, That bosom is a secure refuge; but thu ltefugu does not like to bo used merely as •such. Aud if love devotes itself to nothing but ineffectual conflicts with Grundy, Refuge will find attraction in his chambers. Grundy is only a ghost. Where the mistress of a house tries reasonable conclusions the ghost disappears. Grundy is simply affected nonsensn. Insist, and you have a workable Mik-itantial pursuu in tho [dace of it. Mrs. Warren lias published a little book some few pages of which have suggested these remarks. In tho ideal character of a " lady help" (altogether an ideality), this author suggests such good things for household management that 1 would recommend its earnest perusal to housekeepers, young and old. As to " lady helps " themselves I liavc no confidence in them. If they were really high born persons in a depressed condition it would be only a show of work they would do for you, and they would require servants to wait upon them. " Stop," exclaims the gentleman in Mrs. Warren's book, when his wife suggests the adoption of a helping " lady," " I forbid that. Am I to have a lady, a gentlewoman, to wait upon me at the dinner table ; to bring me this, that, and the other ? No! I dare say you would set her to black my boots, aud how would she associate with the other servants ? If you engage a lady as cook and another as housemaid—that is supposing you could find them—the cook would have to clean the steps, and do all the drudgery of the house. How could a lady undertake those duties? Then with tho housemaid—arc both these ladies to sit with us in the evening i Aro they to make up a party at whist 1 Shall we call upou them for a song when we would be lively i I'll have no lady help. What's the world coming to 1 It's upside down enough as it is." Lady helps would heighten the distress and difficulties down stairs instead of overcoming them. In addition to existing insolence, there would be faintings and tears. Cook would be flourishing her basting-spoon at the lady, and the lady would go off into hysterics, Husband would rush out of the house in despair." The kitchen demon, which is becoming more tho plague of a man's life (and, of course, woman's too), is fairly grappled witli in Mrs. Warren's book, ami if good wives would only take to heart, and mind what is said, they would ensure comfortable homes aud happy lives for themselves. There is a great chance for women in the application of science to domestic things, and the wisest of men may listen with admiration to what is done in that way. We know that charcoal will arrest the decomposition of meat; but Mrs. Warren also tells that "if tainted meat be put into boiling water, instead of the taint being extracted, it remains firmly iu the meat." The result is different if tho meat or fish is put into cold water, and with charcoaL This is but one " wrinkle " iu a dozen or more, of which distaste for tho apron prevents tho discussion here; but the fact is tliat woman's affection for " Mrs. Grundy" is become more potent than love for a husband. She is "fashionable " (as tho saying is), and tho rogues and fools of the kitchen take advantage of her folly for their own aggrandisement. So we have the new " fine art" of cooking practised by gentlemen elsewhere than at home.— MARRIAGE NOTICES.—A paper " out West" has the following notice:—" Ail notices of marriage where no bride cake is sent will be set up in small type, and poked in an outlandish corner of the paper. Where a handsome piece of cake is sent the notice will be put conspicuously in large letters; when gloves or other bride favors are added, a piece of illustrative poetry will be given in addition. When, however, the editor attends at the ceremony in person, and kisses the bride, it will have especial notice—very large type, and the most appropriate poetry that can be begged, borrowed, or stolen." HIGHLANDERS IN ONTARIO.—The "List of Voters in the township of Lochiel,for members of the Legislative Assembly in fhe Provinces of Ontario, 1876," is made up to a large extent of Highland names. Out of 724 there are ouly 172 which are not purely Highland, and some of this smaller number are evidently Franco-Scottish and Irish Celts all the while. An analysis of the list gives the following results :—110 Macdonalds, 03 Macmillaus, 37 Macleods, 29 Macgillivray, 28 Macdougalls, 20 Macintoshes, 20 Macraes, 19 Maclennans, 16 Mackinnons, 14 Camerous, 13 Campbells, 13 Maclaurins, 12 Maccuaigs, 12 Macgillises, 12 Macphees, 11 Erasers, 10 Chisholins, 10 Maccriunnons, 10 Cormicks, 10 Kennedys, 73 Cattauachs, Dewars, Fergusons, Macarthurs. Maccallums, Maccaskills, Maccullochs. Mackillicans, Mackenzie*, jilacnabs, Macneills, Mactavishes, Robertsons, Rosses, Stewarts, Macleans, and a few more who ouly auiuber soma, thing under ton mh, ' "Hampden" in News of the World. 