THE SUI0D3E AT GAWLEB. to titr imrrnp' Sir — Mr. T. O. Jones's reply to my challenge in your columns to deny if he could that he ' wrote, drafted, or suggested' the letter of some of the Juryman is — well, a little amateur iencmg. j±e says these Jurymen ' signed their nsmes to the letter,' that it was 'sent by them to the Register' and that he has never been ashamed or afraid to give his name to any letter sent by him to the newspapers. Does Mr. Jones really think that the public mind is so obtuse that it can't discern the difference between signing and sending a letter, and writing, draft ing, or suggesting it; and that. a denial about letters sent by himself can have no reference to the letter which he says was sent by them? How amusing it is to see the quiet way he evades the point and diverts attention from himself by attempting to shift his personal quarrel on to the shoulders of some of the Jurymen. In effect he says, ' Thank you, my hearties, for taking my part ; now he's insulted you, hit him again.' I have nothing to do with any of the Jurymen, but with Mr. Jones. He first attacked me, then prevented my offered explanation. I made it through the Press. He, Dot having the moral courage to reply in his own name, ii:«, I firmly believe, done so under cover of some of the Jurymen. I gave him the opportunity of denial, ?ud am met with evasion ; and we now behold him again in the pedestal of personal dignity, for he ' never answers remarks that may be made in the performance of a public duty.' How absurd it is tiiat the question of who should preside at an investigation into the causes that led to the self-destruction of a fel low-ereatiire should be made a peg on which to hang the shreds of self-assertion and self-esteem. ' There is a time for all things,' and I venture to say that that was not the time when these con siderations should have been entertained. When I told Mr. Jones in the presence of the Mayor and City Coroner the reason why I had sug gested the advisability of the latter gentleman holding the inquest, he replied that if I had waited on him early in the morning before the police called and made the suggestion to him he would have willingly concurred in it. Now, . every J.P. is a Coroner, and the Coroners Act directs that when an inquest is necessary the nearest Coroner shall be called on. There are about a dozen JJP.'s who live nearer to the scene of the suicide than Mr. Jenes, and at least five of them have places of business nearer than he has. Why, then, should Mr. Jone3 expect me to waif upon him, who might reasonably, have supposed that he would be about the last to be called on by the police ? and what becomes of his stand against trie 'severe reflection on the Magistrates of Gawler ?' It certainly is a fact' that Mr.- Jones is the Magistrate most favoured (?) by the police in this respect, as he. does hold nearly all the inquests in and near Crawler. If I am asked the reason why ? I can only echo — why ? It certainly is not a pleasant duty ; but this a matter of taste, In your article of July 2, on ' the Coroner's Bill, yon say that ' many Justices must be like a late member for West Torreas, who stated last year that he always held an inquest with pleasure.' I would not for a moment suggest that Mr, Joaes does: but surely the most morbid appetite should be satis Sed with one a day, yet Mr. Jones had already - held one in Gawler on the morning of the day that poor Baker's was commenced. . ? But to return to the letter. In the absence of a denial, I shall treat it as his and answer accor dingly, as there is only the ghost of a possi bility that it is not. In the first place, lobject to have words fathered on me that I have not used. I am made to speak of my imagination, and to say the Coroner showed his unfairness. Now there are no such words as imagination and unfairness in my letter. The strongest expression I used was ' it , remains to be seen whether the investigation was properly conducted or not.' The public are told that ' any case taken in hand by Mr. Wincey suffers from his vivid imagination and his terrible earnestness.' I have taken part in a good many public matters in Gawler — will Mr. Jones please \- mention a few that have so suffered, and also showhov7? One. fact is worth a dozen bald assertions. Not one of .the facts I gave is ever questioned, and if they convey the implication of unfairness Mr, Jones, must blame the facto, not me. I still maintain that Harker's and ?Doyle's evidence was of a similar character, viz. what Baker had said to them at the Hospital. If either had any reference to what.' might have led to Baker's suicide, both had. . ' I drew atten tion to af written document, obtained by the police from Creighton, having been reasl to the Jury by the Coroner, instead of his evidence fceing taken on oath in the witnecs-box, and ^m met with the question, why did I suppress the fact that the Coroner-also read two other letters saying that Baker had no fits on the' voyage. My answer is, there' is no comparison between the two, as the letters last referred to were found by the police on Baker's dead body, and it ' was therefore imperative that th'ey should be read. I raised the question that secondary evidence was received when primary was obtainable, in allowing a detective to state the particulars of the purchase of the pistol, instead of having tbe ironmonger to do so, and am., now told that I ought to know that ' the Crown has nothing : whatever to do with obtaining or getting up evidence.' Yes, Mr. Jones, I know this and something else too, viz., that it was your duty to have Tefiised this evidence as well as Creigton's statement, administered a severe rebuke to the police for having tendered it, and adjourned the enquiry until the proper evidence was forthcom ing. If this was a correct way of takirigevidence let if be carried to its legitimate conclusion, aiid one policeman sent round to gather information ' from those who should be witnesses, and then himself give all the evidence for the lot. The statement that ' there is but one general expression of opinion,' and that is in favour : of the stand taken by Mr. Jones about the City Coroner, is simply untrue ; but.if it were so it would be no proof of its wisdom. The way the City Coroner is dragged in to support Mr. Jones I consider such bad taste that I shall not discuss the point but content myself with denying the assertion. The last clause of the letter I take to be the most important of all, as it refers to the pith of the whole matter. What does it mean ? Is it that because the attention of the Govern ment was directed to the case, the police were influenced in bringing a^ charge of perjury against Baker, and that this so preyed on his mind that, to slightly alter Shakspeare, it Made him rather leave the ills he had And fly to others that he knew not of ? ? Is this expression of opinion to be looked upon as an unofficial rider to the Jurymen's verdict ? If so, I say it is most unjustifiable, as evidence offered respecting the complaints Baker had made against the police was refused a hearing, and they consequently had no opportunity of making a defence. They may now well say, ' Save us from our friends.' Your space will not allow, and I have no inclination, or I might refer to the refusal of the Coroner to obtain independent medical assistance for the post-mortem examination ; to the message sent by the Coroner to Mr. Peters wald during the adjournment ; to the apparent influence his reply had on — and the use made of it by — the Coroner; to the wise suggestion of the Coroner that if there had been ' any persecution on the part of the police it was the duty of the community to lodge a complaint with the Chief Secretary ;|' and to the Ooroner'a exoneration of the police in bis summing up. A great mystery still surrounds the case, which may never be cleared up ; bat I maintain that a full and complete investigation of all the ' attending circumstances has not been held, and that all the facts have not been brought to light that might have been.— I am, Sir, fee, WILLIAM F. WINCEY. Gawler, July 18, 1877. 