Sportiiiff itofes ffdiii England. By " Poi) argus. " LONDON, 11TH MAY, 1877. lit the iflohth bf April oVera hundred race and steeplechase meetings tr&rc; brofight to issue in the United Kingdom. Of course, the majority were looal hunt fixtures, held under . the Grand National Hunt rules : and, instead bf this clAss of meeting dropping out with the ktihting sba&otL; We hre promised a continuation tarbuaout thb entire fe&k.; Sd.feh State of things ha» been brought about through the new code of Jockey Club rules interfering with the management of many of our minor race gather ings taking place ddrxng the summer at small tbwns where it is, impossible to add a clear m$. jier a&y; aha the law consequently hbs almost mad© a wide sweep of a good few meet ings, so far as what is termed the legitimate racing is concerned. In Wales such class of spDrfc ban already totally suffered by such a Strong measure, evidently put into force with an object to diminish the leather-flappine racing On the home circuit bfit where its powerap- . pSdrS to he useless, seeing that the required sums are easily made up by the takings at the 1 "gate." This sort of thing hardly seems; Correct, when many Of the country meetings are takftn into consideration, for, -it, is here thati hundreds assemble fdt the day's outing and the -pure love of the sport, instead of attending 1 for the sole purpose of gambling, as_it unfor- tunately happens, to be the case with most of our suburban fixtures. With matters as just stated it is not surprising that there should be ; gtich a defband upon our hunters and steeple- : Chasers ; and farther, when going into statistics, it is astonishing how successful the spring, meetings have been. But) on the other hand, the form has become so worn out and thread bare that one was glad, notwithstanding a cold ' east wind, to have the classic heath at New- market for a change. The features of the' Graven week, however, were not, on the whole, of a very interesting character; and, although; the Rowley Mile three-year-old Biennial was considered upon last year's form any odds upon Silvio, Warren Hastings, or Cheveron, we saw: no fewer than a dozen facing the starter. Of the trio named, Cheveron was least fancied,, and five of the runners failed to find friends. The non-supported division, strange to say,j supplied the first and second, and neither of the cracks obtained a place. This was a rare turn-' up for the ring ; and, though Grey Friar, by Blue Mantle out of Recluse, secured an easy ; verdict from Masaniello, by Gladiateur out of Reginella, with Jagellon, by Adventurer out' of next, plenty of people main- tain that the form was altogether wrong. In this belief none held more to the argument than the connections of the Heath House stable, who. had so well tried Silvio with Skylark as to cause a short price to be taken about him for the Two Thousand and Derby, as weU as the race in question, which Was. run in a blinding: hailstorm. Warren Hastings cutj ajwretcned, figure, and at once joined the outside division, for the City and Suburban— a race for which; the aon of Citadel had been supported, notwith standing his being pn the big side. Grey Fnar is ehgaged in the Derby and St. Le&er;, but he has no change,' being simply , a moderate handi- capSuBe. The Newmarket HandiCapturned put" A very poor affair, aiid, like the Biennial,, i»mJted in favour of the layers, although maalgo) " by Pero Gomez out of Nightshade, 3 yrp $ft lllb),the winner, ought M supported, after he had cantered away with the;S 19th Sale Stakes earlier in the same afternoen.1 -Jha "Cheetah) the, aainn agQ,..hnt Ml<iairying.»«a« audit was hard linaa when standing . him for a pile of money to get beaten by a length and a half. Chamant,' the Two Thousand faveurite, was ; pulled' osit to walk over for the Bennington Stakes," and his appearance greatly pleased his admirers ; bnt, as the City aha Suburban inter vened, it "received itidrh attention thstv' the Guineas. Skylark winning his, twfi CiigUge- vents at the meeting further told Matthew Dawson that something was wrong with Silvio in the Hiflwnial, and the Americans introducing us to a horse in Brown Prince, by Lexington out of Britannia, an unfurnished three-year-old, that floored the odds laid upon Pirat in a . con test hVSr the Rowley mile. Tassel supposed for some time past to be a rod in filcklfe for a big race, unexpectedly carried off the International Handicap, after making nearly all the running. The next week a move was made for Epsom — a rare money-making place for the shareholders. SfcUl they are not over liberal' in the -way of added money, and the £260 given to the City and Suburban prfegiefited but a poor Bhow along side the other spring handicaps. Notwith standing this, however, -the peoplelike theSurrey Downs, and the race in question is a popular one ; indeed, one could net wish' to Witness two better days' sport. From the time the weights were adjusted for the City and Suburban, a general opinion prevailed that- the old horses were most favourably handicapped, and until the two-year-olds Brtfob aUd ToUchet had per formed respectably at Lincoln, it wds but few that deviated from the early-formed -impression. However, as the time approached. Bruce had to be withdrawn in consequence of an injury in the shape of a bruised foot ; but all going right with Touchet, he left off almost in as strong demand as at Lincoln. Sete it Sstid the boy had ridden his head off, and he was now entrusted to the care of that rising light weight Hopkins, who had .successfully steered Footstep,- both at Liverpool andtiincolm After Lord Rosebery's colt Balbriggan, a five-year-old, with 6sfc 71b, and Julius Caesar, 4 yrs,: 7st 91b, Were most fancied ; in fact the last-named had occasionally been at the head of the quotations from the out set, and, bf . course, had extra followers through being the Uioiiiit dt the elffer rcher. To ride the son of St. Albans lie had tfi wte ; but, hearing a ruitoour on the Monday before inb race thai the horse had been scratched, he im mediately regaled himself with a sumptuous re past, and had the next morning to declare a pound over, as the story turned- out to be false Still, the news had SUch a genuine tone, for an official nbtiec was posted at Tattersall's by Messrs. Wedthefby, and it Was n.6t untff all sorts of prices had been laid i( all hi " that it oozed out that the telegram received fey the Old Burlington authorities was a forgery of Mr. T. Gee's name, and who at once offered a. Teward to bring such offender to justice. There is no doubt that all this Wilfl dbne bf some persons to obtain a good price about the hoTs6 but the end could hardly be attained, as one of the Owners friends happened to be present, and ffirther, knowing the horse tb be Well, and Ok his way to Epsom, he steadied mattbfo bf taking the nice wager of 1,000 to 30, and a few hours Afterwards the error was corrected. No horse could have had a better preparation than Julius Csssar, as was seen by his condition in the paddock, and I also liked the looks of Touchet, Sign Manual, Hesper, Chaplet, and TaSsei, the latter of whom carried 51b extra for his win at NewrUSTket. In addition to Touchet, Lord Rosebety ran Snail and Rbshacb, while Balbriggan and Warrior were in one intefeflitj aS were John Day and the Voltella colt, and Bondsman And The Cheetah. City and Suburban Handicap, of 15 soVS each, 10 ft., and only 5 if declared, with 200 added. The second received 50 sovs out of the stakes. Abotit one mile .and a quarter. 127 subs., forty of Whom paid 5 sovs each. Mr T. Gee's b' c Julius Cfesar, by St. Albans— Julie, 4 yrs, 7St 91b (carried 7st 101b) .. F. Archer 1 Lord Rosebery's br c Touchet, by Lord Lyon— Lady Audley, 3 yjtsi 6st . ... .. .. Hopkins 2 Mr G. Lariibert's chK Balbriggan, by Solon— Christ mas Pie, 5 yrs, 6st 71b Morgan 3 Betting : 100 to 15 agst Touchet, 15 to 2 agst Balbriggan, 8 to 1 agst Julius Caesar, 100 to 12 agst Chaplet, 100 to 8 each agst Hesper and The Ghost, 100 to 9 agst Sign Manual, 100 to 6 agst Bondsman, 20 to 1 each Voltella colt, Tassel, and John Day, and from 25 to 100 to 1 agst the re mainder, of whom Cheetah and Corsair did not get well aWay. The favourites, on the other bantlj were well off in front, and Lord Rose bery's trio, Warren Hastings, Chaplet, Hesper, Bondsman, St. Leger, and Julius Caesar followed in the wake of Tassel, until a quarter of a mile from home, when he compounded, and Touchet, Hesper, Snail, and Julius Caesar came on, with St. Leger creeping up on the rails to jthe bell, where Archer set Julius Caesar going, and drawing away, won in a canter by six lengths from Touchet, who would perhaps have won with the winner out, although several were eased up when finding pursuit hopeless. Three parts of a length separated the second and third ; Snail, Hesper, John Day, The Ghost, Cheetah, Cartridge, and St. Leger finishing in the given order next. Time, 2min, 18sec. Value of the stake, £1,345. 