SPORTING NOTES, Etc \ RACDf O EVENTS TO COME. awkatoi . Sammer Meeting. December 36. SSortb BocfchmmpUin Aroma' Baecs. Deeembw 36. W«stw*rf H6 ChriFtnas Heetroe, December 2*, 27. Onrtmi To»ws Cbtistnrc Sum, Dncemiicr 36. 27. Socth AustxtUui Suuimo Mettfmc, December 26, 27. Ooniet Birar Sacs, Dec^mbei 88. Sartfran Dawns JjC. Christmas Meeaog. December 29, 27. GympieCtari6tnaa.Ucea,I*eem--er«.=r. Sam* Chrfsbnu Meetinc. December 26. 27. SemaMle J-C. Veetxns. Jturaur 2«, 37. To«iK¥ilIeChH9txints Kates, Jaanxry L. TiC Cbwanqaa Heetmc Jansnr V. TattenalTfi fKJUC) Beefing J-mnsiT '- TCwrn±. T.C. Meetine Jsnmrr L 2. ''vrtnrandi Bices. Jtunrtrv I, 2. -V-*kmcE-C. Veetine. Fefenurv U 2. T-HanDlni T.C. Heeling. Btebnnar 7. 6, 9. TiCL intann Xeetiag, Van*i 2. 7, ft. B»*vme J.C. itVettec April 11. 12. Sorttani Dokss J.C. Amnul afcermg, April U, 12. The only nominations for the north Rock fiainptain Handicap on Thursday night last, were Princess Thyra, Cedric, Budgftree Boy, and Hawkavay. Such a small lot of entries f or the big prize is anything bat encouraging tt those gentiemen who have spent so mnch time and money in getting the meeting up. There axe a few other nags I believe in train Prophet, The Ghost, and m youngster or two for the Maiden Plate. The weights will be declared on Tuesday nest, which it is to be hoped will be so equitable as to bring the ' doable pair ' to the poet. The nominations for the Charters Towers handicaps were not so nnmeroos as was expected, bat the quality of the entries should ; to a very great extent compensate for the [ deficiency in numbers. Annexed are the aTTTmaU nominated and the weights they will have to carry : — Winchester gat^lffap (two miles): Chance, Sst. 4frs.; Drummer, Sst. lOIbs.; TaHyrand, Sst 5 lbs.; Mariner. 7 st lSlhs.; dontart 7st 11 lbs. Towers Handi cap (three miles) : Chance, 9st I lb.; Drummer. Sst. Tibs.; Tallyrand, Sst. 21bs.; Mariner, Tat. 10 lbs.; dontarf, 'st SIbs. ' The Northern Downs (Dolby) Annual Rices will be held on Thursday and Friday, llth and 12th ApriL A capital list of events has been published as follows, amounting to £635 of added money :— First Day: Trial Stakes, £30 : Firing Handicap, £50 ; Inn keepers1 Plate, £30 ; Dalby Town Plate (han dicap), £100; X.D.P.A.A. Stakes. £40: Hade Race, £10. Second Day : Hurdle Race, £75; Maiden Plate, £60; Cab Handicap, £200 : Craven Plate, £30 : Harry Scurry, £5 ; Forced Handicap. £15. Nominations for han dicaps to be seat in by tLe 5th March; weights on the L2th - acceptances on the 27th. The announcement that Mr. E_ B. Daw barn, of Sydney, has been appointed Secretarr to the Queensland Tnrf Clnb, will be received with satisfaction by all interested in tnrf matters. Mr. Dawbaro before his present appointment was Secretary to the Sydney Amatenr Torf Cloh, and is credited with a large amount of tnrf experience and ability. There are thirty-five nominations for the Launcestnn Gold Cop, and thirty-four for the T.T. Clab Handicap. TheBe entries include Pluto, Pride of the Hills, WoDomai, Adelaide, Filibuster, Aldinga, Imperial, Barmaid, Strop, Spark. &c;, &c; Janitor won the Wagea Cop by a neck, in 3*36. The Grand Stand Handicap was carried off by Woodlands ; Coquette, 2 ; Stxstiiearn, 3. Time. 2-121. Lord Falmooth, the owner of Silvio, won no less tb*n £34,433 in stakes (not including the Ascot Gold Vase) during the present year up tn October 15. This is by Car the largest person. A letter appears in the Australasia* of December 1 from Mr. Herbert Power, the owner of Saranaka, in reference to the re marks of that journal in connection with the running of his horse for the Melbourne Cup. Mr. Power clearly and fairly gives reasons for aTl his actions in the matter, which are so consistent and open that they cany the con viction that he was in no way a party to the so-called eovp. He reiterates' that the public from the verv first were made acquained with the excellent chance he considered his horse possessed, and that his conduct throughout -was open and above hoard. CBTCKET. Yesterday week the »-at and ball won in the recent cricket match between the Fitzroy and Excelsior Lodges of Good Templars were presented to tie successful competitors. Brothers D. Mayne and T. Kobbs, Jan., both of theFiteroy Lodge, for the highest battmg and bowling averages respectively. The trophies were presented by the donor; Mr. E. H. Foster, who in a few appropriate Bwifam«« congratulated the recipients on then* success, and expressed the pleasure he felt in malp'ng the presentation. The bat is a very h-mjlumP nnp being one of Poke and Sons1 best, is light in weight, well-balanced, and enclosed in a baize case. On the back isa silver plate, on which is engraved, 'Fifaroy v. Exodsior. —Presented by Brother Foster, D.G.XT.CT., to Brother D. Mayne, for highest score.— November 9, 1S77.' Mr. Mayne, who is an ardent lover of this fine -old English game, as well as one of our best players, must be complimented upon hie prize, and I hope to have to chronicle the receipt of other such, proofs of ability and success before the close of the present season. Me. Foster in offering such a prize for competition has shown hie desire to further the game of cricket, and his generosity is all the more worthy of commendation from the fact that such trophies invariably encoonge a spirit of emulation in young fellows which is at all times pleasing to witness. The Good Templazs having **&*** the initiative, I hope to see sucba good example followed by others of our townsmen. I itndprKtand that Mr. Foster wul also present a bat to Hie highest scorer on the Good Templar side— Mr. G. B. Jones— in the recent match with the Rock hampton Clnb. The presentation win be nade when the silver plate comes back from Brisbane, whence it has been sent to be engraved. Some of oux local cricketers are endeavour ing, I believe, to get np an excursion to Gladstone during the Christmas holidays, tor the purpose of an, enjoyable trip, and also to play a. tesm of Gladstone cricketers. The Messrs. Foster are making the preliminary arrangements, «**-* are ir.t*?nflwf* to charter a -emafi eteaxner so that other pleasnre-seeke's. besides cricketers, mav avail themselves of the opportunity of a trip. The project is only in embryo at present, but in a few days foil particulars wQI be published. A match between the Banks and All-comers takes place on the North Rocknamp too ground to-day. In a match played the other day on the Melbourne Cricket Ground, between teams representing the Press and Parliament, the former won easily in one innings. The Press scored 191 in their first innings, and Parlia ment 30 only. Losgstof. 