EVENINGS AND HOKNINGS THE BUSH.—No. 4. IN HB8. SKETCH'S VISION—ME. TROVER, THE GREAT SYDNEY NO-POPEBY BABBIBTBB, ATTACKS THE VISION AS VI8IONABY— UBS. SKETCH AEOUES THE CASE WITH HIK—HE TAXES HER WITH HABIOfcATBY —WHO GETS THE BEST OF IT ? " WELL," said Mr. Trover to his sister when she hod concluded her account of her conversion ,4o the Catholic faith, "well, my dear Mildred, I for one am obliged to you for your narrafivjB. I never before heard how you became * Romanist, but I always snsp0dt^d; it was.:through , tome fanatical* infliMinoe,' aiiA 'now my "^^C. 5 . *>t by »midsummer?* ughtV&ream;, it was ttawgh midwiattf B Mp ^ your tofa l when tHe' thermometer was below zero. You were cold, and you fell asleep, and——" "No, my dear Robert," said Mrs. Sketch, interrupting him,, "no, I did not fall asleep." " How do you know that P" he asked. "I know it'as I know I am not asleep now. I know I am awake speaking to you. All my senses inform me that I am awake now. All my senses informed me that I was awake then; and if I dreamed-what I saw, I dreamed it with my eyes wide open. But tell me, Robert, how do yon know I fell asleep and dreamed in my cabin? Toawere thousands of miles away." " All the circumstances point one way," he replied. " Ladies sometimes nod, even in churoh, without knowing it, and they will nod, but never admit the weakness. Nobody ever acknowledges that they took their 'forty winks,' though I have seen the thing done even at the opera. What hour of the day was it when you lay down on the sofa P" " It was seven minutes past 4 o'clock p.m. As sailors say, it had just gone " 8 bells " in the dogwatch." I looked at my watch to compare it with the ship's time. Instead of returning the watch to its place, I took it off with the intention of placing it in the small red velvet pocket that Edward Sketch himself had nailed up for it above the book-shelf. Instead of doing so, from mere inertness, I laid the watch down on the railway rug I had drawn over my lap. I then took down the "Christian Tear," and read for a short time. I got tired of holding the book, and put it back on the shelf'which was close to my shoulder. I then stretched out my hand to take up my watch, and in doing so I beheld the strange alteration in the colour of the light. It seemed to commence in the very centre of the cabin, bat spread instantaneously over the whole, like a golden haze, beautifully transparent. The furniture and bulkheads disappeared from my view. There was no longer any solid substance to be seen. Nothing but an atmosphere of a rich golden tint. Then I beard the voices as if enjoining silenoe, something in the style in whioh silencers enjoined in Buckingham Palace or Windsor astle when the Queen passes from one partment to another. Then the crowned nd imperial-looking lady oame) slowly along t my right hand side, slightly leaning over to speak to the figure in white, which moved along with her, but on the side farthest from me. I saw the golden sceptre in her hand .as plainly as I now see that cigar-oase in your hand, and I saw the slight gesture and motion of the soeptre, by which inferred the lady with the diadem waB giving some instructions, or making some remark about me. I did not hear one word she said. I heard nothing, only the huuhing sound, as if of invisible attendants commanding silence. The lady passed me within two yards of the sofa, and when she bad passed it, and was about six yards from me, the golden haze closed behind her, and the next moment the colourless light of the eabin returned, and I found myself gazing on the dressing-table at the further end of the cabin. I had noticed that it was Seventeen minutes past four by my watoh when 1 lifted it off the rug; and when the abearance was gone, I noticed that it was still seventeen minutes past four; and, conee quently, that no appreciable portion of time had transpired during the phenomenon." " Yes," said Mr. Trover, " the thing is very dear. First, you had been readipg that Irish book, with the green cover; then yon hadj been reading that Puseyite book, the •Christian Year,' about the 'Annunciation.' You dozed oS, and you dreamed your dream, whioh came to you . by the power of association." " But all that is only pure assertion on your, part, my dear Robert, Yon, who were far off in London, take upon you to assert that I fell asleep and dreamed when I, who was in full possession of my natural senses, know that I did not fall asleep, and did not dream, but, with my bodily eyes actually saw what I have described. And you are a. lawyer, Robert, and insist on testimony, and all that. Yet now yon oppose your capricious assertion to my testimony." " I »m giving yon my opinion of the transaction, 1 " he replied. "Well, but V said Mrs. Sketoh, "am Bt&ting; oer tain facte whioh I beheld. I put out my hand to lift my watch. I saw that it told seventeen minnttw past 4 p.au > Th® vision then broke ni>on isy<view- : ~-I- - w4S «track motionless by at- I J»dd ithe watch 'sad'my hand In the same position through amusement. When tfcevwioa 'was over, the watch was stillat •ewnteen minutes I rang for tny acante tt £-'«*•! k* if Andwhen 'she IMKnto She looked surprised, and said no, she had not; and asked if I would have tea brought in. Whatever there was, there waB noisleep and no dream." "You will find a'story in the 'Arabian Nights' quite equal to yours," said Mr. Trover. "The Sultan or Caliph of Bagdad consults a magician. His majesty is in the bath at the time. The magician bids the Caliph plunge his head under the water and lift it out again as fast as he can. The Caliph's head is under water only an instant, but in that one instant he has had a vision, in which he fought many battles, married 500 new wives, and' is poisoned by his Grand Vizier. This, my good Mildred, I call a match for your dream." "But I didn't put my head under any water," said Mrs. Sketch, laughing; " so your ' Arabian Nights' story isn't any parallel; and, besides, my learned friend," she added, " you are still merely contradicting and asserting, as you have been doing all along." " Why," he Baid, " the thiog is too absurd for serious confutation. The hushing you heard was the plashing of the waves outside against the ship's side. The golden haze you saw was the },ale yellow light of the winter sun. The lady and the figure in white were conjured up in a short but sweet siesta. That's my version of the affair." " And in this version, my learned friend, you violate every law of evidence; you contravene the rules of all courts of justice; you set aside what the soundest legal authorities have ever laid down as the very basis of justice. You, who were not an eye-witness, come forward to prove that something which happenned a hundred leagues distant from you never took place. You would prove a negative, and have nothing but an assumption to prove it with." " Human reason," he said, " decides certain things without formal proofs. A lunatic's statement deserves no attention and inspires no belief in us. It ie disproved when we are told the man is a lunatic." " But who told yon that am a lunatic ?" asked Mrs. Sketch. " I should like to know who is the real lunatic at present. I, who speak of a fact as an eyewitness, or you, who did not behold the? fact, and have the temerity to deny it because I did see it and you didn't. If you eall this an exercise of the human reason or the logical faculty, I call it an exercise of sheer unreasoning rashness. It did not strike me at the time that it was a vision. I did not know what it was. I did not think of the Holy Virgin Mother at the moment, nor for some months after, until one day entering Mrs. Hyldon's drawing-room, I saw a white marble statuette of our BleBBed Lady oj Victories, and then the soene in the cabin' recurred to me, and I exclaimed, ' That is the lady I saw at sea!' Then for the first time I began to rejoice in the overwhelming oonjecture that one so unworthy as I had been an object'of queenly or maternal eoncern to the highest and holiest of all women, the Empress of the redeemed and regenerated world, the fairest Lily of the Valley of this lower world, who for her humility and faithfulness was'elected to the throne that Eve had lost by tier pride and unfaithfulness. Deposuit superbus de sede, et exalievit humilei. There is some Scripture for you, my learned friend," and she laughed pleasantly. " Oh i he said, "if you once go to Scripture you haven't a leg to stand on. There is no Virgin worship, no Mariolatry in the Bible." "What, then, do you call the words of Elizabeth, the mother of the Baptist—' And whence it this to me, that the Mother of my Lord should come to m*.'—(Luke i. 43.) Do not these words prove that Elizabeth was fully sensible that some . all-surpassing favonr had been bestowed on the Ever Blessed Virgin, and that she had been raised up to a height of dignity and grace and glory which Elizabeth seems almost fainting under the contemplation of it: the dignity, the grace, the glory of being the MOTHEB OF GOD. Bat observe, dear Bobert, that you have glided away from my •vision* without shaking my testimony in favour of it, and you have brought up something you call Mariolatry. Tell me, what do you mean by Mariolatry ?" " It is worshipping the Virgin instead of God—putting in the place of God and paying her divine honours." " But that, my dear brother is impossible, simply IMPOSSIBLE, and people can't do what is impossible, can they?" " Impossible 1" exclaimed Mr. Trover. ". How is it impoBEsible when you are all guilty of it every day of your lives ? Don't you pray to Mary ? Isn't that Mariolatry ? and what is Mariolatry but idolatry." " But I repeat what I have said/' replied Mrs. Sketch, " that no Catholic can possibly commit the sin of what you oall' idolatry.' " " I should like, to hear you make that out," said Mr. TroTer. " I have argued the point with Bomish priests and even with a Bomish bishop; but none of them ever went so far as to assert that Catholics couldn't commit idolatry, or, what is the same thing, Mariolatry." "Well, but what's it to me," said Mrs. Sketoh, "if Catholic priests or Catholic bishops don't UBe the beBt arguments, f now say to you that Catholics can't commit' the sin of idolatry." "Well,"he said, "let's see how yoti make it out." " It is very easily made out, my learned friend. ' You remember young Oxford, who shot at the Queen! Was he hanged?" "No," he said,the jurfr found-him * mad,' and he wasn't hanged'. Mad people ate not ' responsible for their aots. They-don't know the difference he-, twpen right and wrong, and justice cannot* exact the penalty from thein.'V "iWould you hang V-mad Catholic if he, fired Jat Qupen "Victoria." "No,,cerfauinly not, if 'hetewy waB-mad^ "Then a maflmiin Ss not guilty .of witfU|L murjterif J^Mljs mmt&ikndisbnlywiquestered; as we keep lions and tiger* - shut up "Very well thpn, Mr. Trover," said Mra. Sketch, " you have decided the case. No sane Catholic ever committed,Tor ever'can commit, the sin commonly called' Idolatry,' because every sane Catholic knows that the creature is not the Creator, and when the Catholic turns his mind from the creature to contemplate the_ Creator, he cannot regard the Creator with the same kind of feeling with which he regards the creature. I cannot mistake, unless I am mad, between Miss Bubric who sits so patiently listening to our talk—I cannot - mistake her for her maid servant, and therefore I cannot pay the same respect to her maid servant as to herself. I may speak very civilly and considerately to Miss Eubric's maid servant when I ask her to hand me a glass of water. But I never could, being in my right mind, pay Miss Eubric's maid servant such an amount of respect, of affectionate respect, as I would to herself, and least of all in Miss Rubric's presence. I never could confound the mistress and the maid. I never could offer to the maid servant waiting' behind my chair the same polite reverenoe as to the mistress sitting before at the head of the table, could I ? Ten thousand times more difficult would it be for a Catholic to confound the Creator with the creature, or to offer to the oreature the homage and devotions due to the Creator. It couldn't be done. It is impossible, and, therefore, yon Protestants simply slander and belie us Catholics when you tax us with idolatry in the worship—that is, the love, the respeot we pay to God's more highly-favoured servants." "But you kneel down to your Virgin and your saints just as you kneel to God." " And when you were presented at court, Mr. Trover, by the Secretary of State, you knelt down and worshipped the Queen. Was this idolatry? Did you kneel down to. any of the ladies-in-waiting ? Did you mistake any of them for the Queen ? Could you make such a mistake? No; and much less could any Catholic mistake the Virgin' for God, and your accusation against us is a false accusation, and it is written, < Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbour.' We cannot mistake in regard to God. We cannot, if we would, suppose anything else to be God but God, as you imagine. We never did; we never can." Ah 1" he said, " you would fain escape the charge of idolatry by thus distinguishing between one degree of reverence and another 1" "Yes—just as you get out of ie difficulty you get into another." What is that?" he asksd. "Why," she eaid, " the difficulty, or dilemma, or whatever you please to call it, of oaring as little er •: as much about the very amiable and accomplished and most charming young lady with whom you are deeply in love, and the young lady with whom you are not in love. Of course, as a lawyer, a gentleman, and a scholar, you can't distinguish between your sweetheart and me or Miss Bubric. We all the same to you, and you feel all the same for the whole four of ns!' There was a laugh at Mr. Trover's expense in consequence of this saUy, for a bird had whispered it that Miss Bubric was the cynosure of "Mr. Trdver*s eyes. "Yes, yes," he said, "in tbat sense you can graduate your feelings, no doubt, but—" " But what ? Therefore we can, and must and do graduate our feelings when we approach God in prayer and sacrifice, and when we invoke the Saints of God. I cannot commit idolatry when I invoke ' the Virgin,' as you call her, yet hold her to be the mother of six children. I know she is not God, and I cannot worship her as God. Why do you bear false witness against us ? Have you Protestants nothing, but calumnies to assail Catholios with ? Do you think any one could ever have mistaken Mary for the Divine Infant in her arms? What is it you are talking about, Mr. Trover T Do you oall me a fool because I can distinguish between God and the Holy Mother of God ?" " J deny," said Mr. Trover, " that she ever was or iB the Mother of Gad, and there—just there—lies the whole pith of the question." "Not the Mother of God!" cried Mrs. Sketch, " not the Mother of God!" feigning astonishment, as if she had never . heard the blasphemy before. " If she is not the Mother of God, what is she, pray?" " She is the Mother of Christ," said Mr. Trover, with great emphasis. " Well," said Mrs. Sketoh, "iB not Christ God? 1 ' "Yes," said Mr. Trover, " Christ was God." . " Well, was not, Mary his mother ?" Yes—yes; she was-His mother in this way: she was the mother, of the Human Nature, that is, of Christ". Oh ho," said Mrs. Sketch; " since when . did your Church of England reject the , Council of Ephesus?" "Our Churoh; never rejected the Council of. Ephesus," . said Mr.. Trover; " our Churoh accepts the first Four General Councils." I suppose,, then, yon know what the Council of Ephesus was called for ?" "Yes," he said; "it was called, lb A.D. 431, to condemn and depose Nestorious,' the Patriarch of Constantinople." "What for?" she asked. "Well," he eaid, "I am not bonnd to rehearse'its decrees." " WeU,.then rI must g<ve you a lesson in churoh history, and if I'go wrong you may eat me xighi, if you 'can," 'and Mrs, Sketch. : " Nestorious taugbt that Christ v united jin Himself iivo distinct .per*oni :, ike . 'person of GoS. and the. petBon of iiifn, And . that Mary only brought forth the person of 'men, incl waR. not, therefore, the Mother of 'Gofi, This teaching t^eypo^ncil flondemned , as'fslise and blasphemohs, god iinanimpusly . deereed that V^WXfofcetdit, "the, itother. n d/r&>£.'"If y<>u a^cepttteItoft Fpijrifgnerid, tfcewomb: of the Virgin MMy,pfher,8ub- Btjboe. ol-iher fleshapd blow, so that, two wools, and,' perfect natares-rtha .natpre o( Gfld and the nature of jnan—were joined together in OHE perton, never to J>e divided, whereof is one, Chrjat." "Just BO," said Mrfc. Sketch. " There was only ope. person in'Christ, and that was the person of God, arid therefore Mary is the Mother of God., I atb the daughter, of an Anglican bishop, you know, my deta brother,, and 'I should know soittSthing of Anglican theology as well as yon. Christ did ' not take the person of man, bnt the nature of man, for HS Had not man for Sis father, bnt, God. You say in the Apostles' Creed—' He was conceived by the Holy Ghost.' Yon say in the Nicene Creed—, He was begotten, not made.' It Was a trne generation, though a divine generation, and that -which Mary brought forth was God, and, therefore, again, she was and is for ever the Mother of God.". " But bow does all that excuse your error in praying to her? She cant heat you." "Why sot?" "Why not! Because she is in heaven, if she isn't in bell," Mis. Sketoh covered her face with he* hands as the brutal and infernal language came bom his lips, and silence prevailed for a few moments. Then raising herself tip, slie calmly aBked- Mr. Trover, "Sow fat it was to heaven ?" " We cannot know how far or how ntear we are to or from heaven," he said, " and therein lies tbe fallacy of praying to Mary—your prayer to her is vain." "Then you -don't know how far it is to heaven ?" ,, J No," he said, " nor. you, nor no one." "Is not God everywhere t" " Yes, no doubt of that," said Mr. Trover. " Then where God is leaven is, and Mary may be very close to us. The trnth is you deal still in unproveable assertions when yon say Mary can't hear ns, you have no proof of what you say. Neither reason nor common sense" are with yon until yon have first toeasured the distance to heaven. We know from Poly Scripture that the souls <St the departed do hear, and see, and know what is going on upon the earth, and the souls in hell know also (Luke xvi., Rev. vi,). Why shouldn't Ifaiy hear ns and see UB as well as the other saintB reigning with Christ? You believe in the ' Communion of Saints,' as a scriptural dogma. How could there bb Communion if the Saints in Heaven oouldn't hear ns and see ns ? The. Communion of Saints isn't 'an empty figure of speech with yon Protestants, I hope." No," he said, " it is a living truth, and we commune with the Saints when we pray with kltem to the same 'God. 1 ' " But what do they pray for, my good brother? They want nothing lor themselves. They have obtained their everlasting beatitude. What do they pray for, if not for tie, that we also may obtain a heavenly inheritance with them ? St. Paul (Heb. i., 12.) tells us that both angels and saints watch our straggles and rejoice in our victories over sin and Satan. Do you know better than St. Paul ?" 19th March, 1877. PSUTEXBE. 