^WALLAROO, SATUfiBAY; DECEMBER 1,157/. TiiEE&is; probabiy iio oue who will at tempt |p bolcLJMr j3oucaufc up. .to. the. country as £ bornfinaneier/or the model . of all that a' Offleasurer «bpuld be. IJut on thfe other hand *-liere are few who will deny, that lie devotes ttif histasfc a prac tical if inartistic mind, wMcb enables him to place before the Parliament a -very plain and telling exposition of the state of public finances. Those ' who have r$ad or even scanned through his j statement on the introduction of the j Supplementary Estimates on Tuesday last, will agree with us in this opinion. The speech is "one that contrasts very j favorably *with the late Treasurer's peroration on this Budget. It is without the glamour that Mr Boss threw around Ms speech, and is not indebted to any of the oratorical effects iu which Mr JBdss, buried the unpleasant ring of some of his figures. 16 is merely a plain unvarnis hed statement of facts and figures, and is the more valuable Ion that account. It ] is clear that in one respect the country has benefitted by the change of-Ministry. Close upon the delivery of the "Budget Speech by one Treasurer has followed.the criticism of his successor, the latter having nothing t<3 gaia by concealment and nothing to fear from disclosure. By this means the country has obtained a plain statement of the position of -its finances, which under " other circum stances would bare been denied to it. Bat for the change of Ministry the late Government would have '.allowed tb& country to remain to the last in shameful ignorance of its true position, mindful of nothing but their own political reputation, and heedless of the serious consequences that might ari<se from the false gloss they had thrown over their accounts. Mr Boucaut's speech may be divided for purposes of reference into three parted, j The first is that devoted to the Supple mentary Estimates themselves,'ithe next io the,actual state of the finances, and the third to exposing the fallacies upon which the lata Treasurer built up his Budget. Inverting this order, it will perhaps be better to fake the 2ast first. Mr Boucaut proves beyond doiifefc that both in his estimate of the revenue for the current financial year, and of the expenditure to be' met during the same period, Mr Koss was entirely incorrect. To illustrate this it is not necessary to weary our readers by wading through the mass of figures which Mr Boucaut adduces in proof of Ms arguments. One or two samples will amply suffice to show how ill founded were the late \Trea eurer's calculations. ; We miy first remind our readers thitf 3J£p' Bobs predicted that the financial operations of the current year would close with a credit balance. He did not then, nor indeed in the face of the figures before hiin pould be, conceal that the expendi ture Was likely to be a heavy one3 but he expatiated by way of set off upon the glorious revenue that would accrue during the year, and which he showed would be more than sufficient to meet all the claims, upon it. But Mr Boucaut, to put the matter plainly, shows very conclusively that MrUoss overestimated his revenue and underestimated his ex penditure. Thus in arriving at his esti mate of the revenue, we find some very extraordinary items taken into consider ation. For instance, under the head " railways and tramways," the dum of £260,000 was put down as the estimated revenue fromthat source. Of this amount Mr Boucaut ascer ained that a sum of £25,000 was calculated upon as the pro ceeds of the extra 3d per toil which the late Ministry bad imposed. Of this they themselves took off £15,000, and the bal ance has been wiped off by the present Go vernment. Similarly the amount estimated to be derived from land sales was largely dependent upon the passing of the 1,280 acre clause in the Land Bill, and upon the sale of a large quantity of land as yet unsurveyed. Probate Duties put down at £25,000 will not, the Registrar now asserts, realise more than £15,000 un less it is supplemented by the death of some old gentlemen. It is unnecessary to go further into this matter, as these two or three instances prove how unwar rantably the late Government bolstered j up their estimates of revenue, and the untrustworthy nature of the figures which they laid before the country. Turning to the next'point the expenditure, the Supplementary Estimates alone proye Mr Boucaut's case. It has repeatedly been said by Mr Boss that these ought i not to exceed £50,000. As a matter of fact the list brought to Mr Boucaut im mediately upon his taking office amounted to £112,000 odd. No sooner were these printed than extra claims were received which swelled the Estimates to their pre sent figures, £162,988, after the excision of a few items not considered of urgent necessity. Evea if the Supplementary Estimates had not been settled by the lata Government, to put it in the most favorable light, it is clear that in the face of a of £122,000 they were totally unjustified in making the state rnent~liEat"3S5D,T>00wouU' co ver ~every thing. Clearly the late Treasurer strained probabilities to their utmost, and his financial scheme was untrust worthy. Summing up everything, Mr Boucaut estimates that instead of the credit balance upon which Mr Boss prided himself, there will be an actual deficit of £168,363, at the close of the year. On all sides the large amount the late Treasurer calculated spojj re ceiving from various quarters are melting down, whilst the expenditure is mounting up in an inverse ratio, and the probable result is that which Mr Boucaut puts before us. The present Treasurer no doubt as liable to err in his calculations as others, but in this instance he is dealing with figures rather as a critic than otWwise, who as we have said, has nothing to Mds &jxd; nothing to fear, and with the financial of another. Whilst it is possible that whole of the calculated expenditure may so£ Jjp paid away this year, the fact remains that it is voted and according to the rulesjof recognised fiaasciera should be provided for as if it were to bj® spent at once. Otherwise accounts would speedily ; fall into ;a state of inextricable confu- j sion. And it must be remembered that for years to come the requirement# j of ike colony will increase annually and j with them the expenditure. There is j therefore the simple fact that the j £nancial year will dose {pith a somewhat heavy deficit. And there but two ways of p&eeting; this, either by increase^ taxation, or jby the adjustment of the incidence of taxa$<?#, It is a question" of the greatest isaj>ortance to the country and one upon which an opinion .sfyowhi be taken at the approaching eleetioft. It is ■&£ far more importance than some it is proposed to put to the country. One of these is tb,e question of payment of members, and we m$y remark as to this, by the way, that at $ kyx$.Q when the question of increased taxation ig $fle/s/ent ing itself 8eriauelf it is at least inopportune period to make such a pro position as that. But the imt remaius fhat the people should be greatly jg deibftad to Mr Boucauts for thus enabii&g; £hetn to jddge accurately the true position affairs, and affording them an oppopfatgity of considering calmly a question upon ^Haieb they will be called on ere long fe© igagi≫ their opinion. , i i Br coarse of the debate upon the Adelaide end Mitcbam Tramway Bill on Monday last the Commissioner of Public Works, the Hon. G. C. Hawker, let fall a few remarks whi«h bear very jsertiuently on the questions now at issue between the Government and tho£adinaand Wallaroo Railway Company. It was pointed out by Mr Krichauff that there was a survey tor a railway to the lulls by way of Mitchaor, and the Company ought to kuow beforehand if they were likely to come into competition with the Government at any future date. Mr Krichaufi" appar-! ently forgets that in a young country sucbias this all private railway a tramway companies must know very well beforehand that a dajn will come when a Government line will in all probability be required to run over the same route. They should need no assurance ot this fact, the more especially if they run to sea-boards which they must know will sooner or later be used by the Government as an outlet for the country to which their natural position entitles them. We however merely quote the question to explain how the matter sprung up. The only stipulation that can or should be made beforehand is as to the footing upon which the Government should have the option of resuming such private lines of railway or tramway. And 011 this point we feel assured that all exeept those who are directly interested will strongly approve of the principle laid down in the Commissioner's reply. Alluding to the Mitcham Bill, ]>Ir Hawker said there must be a full understand ing, distinctly expressed, that the Company should have no right or claim whatever upon tbe Government supposing the Government to make a line which would be in opposition., to this, to a certain extent, though going fur ther into the country. It would be an absur dity to say that the Government should be put in the position of having to purchase a prirate line because tbe end of a longer line than theirs, intended to accommodate quite different country, ran at one end over the same ground, They had already seen the difficulty the House was in. It was most important to lay down a law that whatever action was taken in regard to the Wallaroo and Kadina Rail nay the Government should not be placed in tbe same position again. No doubt had this been, laid down some years ago it would have wed all the trouble the settle ment of tbe Kadina and Wallaroo Railway question is now giving rise. We have, as our readers «ro aware, already pointed out that as far as we could gather the Company's lines could not be purchased by tlie Govern ment at any price which would be at once satisfactory to the Company and jnst to the country, and there has been nothing since to alter or change our views. But inasmuch^ as a Select Committee has been appointed to enquire into the question, it would be unbe coming to carp on this point until their re port is made public. The residents of Wal laroo in assuming a position of strict neutr ality, have on the whole acted well and wisely. On Wednesday and Thursday nest tbe whole question will be gone into by the House, and then we shall know liow matters stand. It is at all events satisfactory, to know that tbe Government do not intend going into recess without settling the question one way or the other. Whatever coarse they may decide upon is, as we have frequ ently stated, perfectly immaterial to the re sidents of Wallaroo. The late Attorney General should lay to heart the maxim that it is never safe to halloo until one is well out of the wood. The re jection of the Parliamentary Buildings Bill in the Legislative Council oh Tuesday last was certainly contrary to all expectation, but for all that a little less haste and a little more prudence would not only have been more incoming, but in'this instance wiser on the part of the Opposition. The'result of Tues day's debate was undoubtedly surprising. The Bill was introduced into the Council in a purely conciliatory spirit and with the view of affording that body an opportunity of discussing the whole question on its merits. It was to have this opportunity that the Council had long been fighting, and the members of the Upper House were well aware that the present Government had run a certain risk in bringing it about which was worthy of some recognition. Indeed the whole tenor of the debate showed that the majority of the members were fully alive to these facts, god all but a few reciprocated the concilia tory tong the Government party in the Assemfa had adopted towards them. After this it was not easy to understand why they should have had recourse to a step which they well knew was calculated seriously to embarass the Go vernment, whose position in the Assembly as regards this question has been a delicate one more particularly since the first item towards the construction of the Buildiugs was ex punged from the Estimates. -The only gpoundson which the reaction of the Bill, could be accounted for were that the Council disapproved of the eite selected for the build ings or the costliness of their nature. And j inasmuch as these were matters which the Council might have expressed their objections to without entirely throwing out the Bill, it ftfiq floi incorrectly stated tbat although they h&4 PFWF Fght to discuss the merits of the Bill, they~b$4 an ungracious spirit, not to say ah uogr^t.efgl fine, in thus frustrat ing all the efforts of the iai& (jqvprpj^ent to bring this vexed question to an ^ujic^ble issue. On Tuesday however the Bill was rer jecte/J, and Wednesday morning saw the late Attorney j^fiRera' up on iris legs calling tlie at£enti<?n .of the ^eajsurer to the resolution of the House on Jujie jt§, thfrt the Ministry should without further delay continue the G?e$tU>n /of {hp pew Assembly Chamber, ^nd to the Totes ?n4 Proceedings of the Legisla tive Counei! of the prevftma day, asking what action the Government proposed to take in the matter. The _ Opposition were pf of course delighted beyond measure at the unforeseen fate of the Bill, and fondly hoped tha£ jtbjey bad at last caught the Boucaut Ministry .q# the bop, and wojild, after all tbeir prerioW <jie£p%.t» on the various stages of this question,$jolg to place the Government on the horns of a dileiDflpp. fortunately for the mutability of human; yishpe, the late Attorney-General's hopes jjrer.e pot ^egigfjed to be realised. On the following the Upper House had geen tfo.e tpisia^e, rpecjpded the re solution] of Tuesday, uppji jthp pel ton faction had evidently already ijeguij to t up secret hopes. The second reading of the Bill was formally passed, and thustheGovern ment Jiaye safely weathered any other stage of jtfye difficulty. The question is one which has its advocates and its opponents. There are thojse -who fapUpve that the present buildings pre unsuitable ifft g. f ariety of rea sons,ian,d 4etpiment:ai"to the ]hejilf;fy'of tfffifi}: here wkff ffavpie long hours to the transaction of public bi}$?8^e, Qn the other hand there are those who notGuly &pfty; this but con sider the expense to wbieii it swujd put the country unwarrantable. These are matters of fact rather than of opinion. Aii that can pp gaid in the absence of positive information •fc $0 ijfc extreme]y desirable that our PsrJiampjftfc gaildi^p should be airy, well reotilated, and a ptmti £0 tfys js^ipa^ whilst it b equally desirable that the Gofernm^i should not be tee l&rieU; JO the matter. "fro <?qe will deny that public money is for ^ettfer zpsni thus Jiban in paying honorable vn$iu? I hers a yearly stipend with, so far as we c#n understand, the only object of fostering a class of trading politicans possessing neither the esteem nor the confidence of the country, but seeking to maintain only the approval of that particular section of the community to wftose vote they are indebted for their salary. It ia dear that without foundation stories ttie life of Mr 32benezer Ward, M.P., would be a dismal blauk. And indeed there is an , affinity., between foundation stones of public buildings and gammon which is not easily to be accounted for. A foundation stone was laid at Two Wells the other day by Mr Thomas Cowan, M.P., and of course Mr Ward lent the light of his countenance to the ceremony. Equally of course a copy of that interesting periodical the Farmer's Messenger, in its" enlarged and improved edition, printed in small type to contain a larger amotlnt of reading matter" was placed in a cavity beneath the stone. Next to his family Bible and prayer book Mr Cowan probably prefers thi? journal to aught else. In it be doubtless finds a reflex of the opin ions of that great mind, around which he has wound his own parasitical nature. Those who have time out of number noticed this touching trait in Mr Cowan's character, have perhaps wondered when and hf»:v all his patient services were to be requited. This | indeed, it was not easy to imagine. A found ation stone has however solved the difficulty, and Mr Cowan is at last rewarded. We can imagine the secret glow of pride Mi < Cowan mast have experienced when, standiog silver trowel in hand in the midst of his constituency, he heard Mr Ward say that ' " he felt great pleasure in stating that Mr Cowan's career in Parliament, although a brief one, bad been most creditable to him and to the district that he represented. What ever critics and cynics might say to the contrary, it was such men as Mr Cowan who understood the wants of the people, and who came out from the ranks to represent them, that affected the greatest good to their con stituencies. and were a credit to the Parlia ment of South Australia." This and the approving murmurs of applause with which it was greeted, was certainiv cronii measure. pressed down and brimming over. But for all that one will say. who has known the ser vices which this rewards, that Mr Cowan has received more,than his just due. His bumble following of Mr Ward has entailed upon him duties of a most laborious character, and the mental strain must have been great. Pat iently Mr Cowan learned all the lessons which his hero gradually instilled into his mind, and doggedly be repeated them when the hour had come. When Mr Ward could not attend public tea or meeting Mr Cowan went instead and manfully repeated his les son. It will be remembered that Mr Cowan not long ago performed this painful duty at Kadiua. on tbe occasion of the dinner held ia connection with the Show, and bis audience sympathised with him when he pulled a ioke of Mr Ward's out of his waist-coat pocket and gloomy fired it off without evoking the ghost of a smile or the eclni of laugh- These are duties from which less dauntless men nonld have shrunk. And now that Mr Cowan has reaped His reward, there will be none to grudge-at to him. Soothed and com forted by tbe public laudation of his chief. Mr Cowan can now retire into private life satisfied that his labours have not been in vain. The following are. the eases for disposal at tiw WallarooLocal Court on Monday, Dce.3;—Parnell v Owens, and Parnell v. Lynchi, unsatisfied judg ment summons cases ; and Hifcainonti v OUphant Full Court case, defended. A slight mishap occurred to the s.s. Euro on Thursday last, November 29, at Moonta Bay. She was aground alongside the jetty when she struck against one of the piles, and slightly tore one of her bulwark plates on the bow side. On Friday, November 30, Henry Clack, Town, crier of Wallaroo, was brought up before Dr. R. Q-, Jay, J.P., charged with creating a disturbance at the Cornucopia Hotel, on November 29, on the information of Mr M. Saunders, and fined 20s, or in default 7 days imprisonment. A heavy thunderstorm visited the district on Wednesday evening last, which was accompanied by very strong flashes of lightening. It did not however bring the change that was so much desired after the eultiy weather we have liad, and but little ain fell. The final heaving of the case of 0. It. Beard of Moonta, insolvent, was taken in the Insolvency Court on Tuesday last. Mr Pater appeared for the insolvent, and Mr Wigley for Assiguses; The accountant reported that the assets, were £215, and the debts, £696, showing a deficiency of £180 18s 7d. The insolvent was awarded a se cond class certificate. The Barunga Railway Extension Bill was read for the third in the House of Assembly, and for warded to the Legislative Council, where it was yead a first time, and the second reading made an Order of ri}e Pay for Tuesday, Dec. 4. On Wednesday, December 12, Mr IJoss will move in the Assembly:—" That authority should be taken this session to connect the township of Clare by railway with the north system of rail way." A notice posted at the telegraph Office states tUat the steamer Edinburgh was repairing the Singapore-and Batavia cable when the steamer Vice-President frius left Banjoewangie on the 14f.fi insf.. We regret to find that tlio rumours which have been afloat for some time concerning the Para matta Mine will shortly become true. We now Jegjra that nearly all the hands have been dis charged, and ,a are now being kept on who are engaged ii) cleaning jjp the mine pre paratory to a stoppage. Mr T. Davies, J .P., has received a eymmop.s to give evidence before the Select Committee ap pointed £o enquire into the JIadiua and Wallaroo B,ailw^y Bifl, ^pefpre |oeg to toyvn to-day. He will consequently be i*q&v;<jjdably pgeven^d from being present at the declaration of the Poll this evening. The Commissioner of Crowii Lands notifies that applications will be received at the Lands up jto }3ec,ember 10, from societies claiming to participle jn Grr&ijta- iji-;^id fo ^.gricul^r^l and Horticultural Societies. Eartieulara will be required of the? sums annually subscribed, and the amount e£jjgpdpj| ja prices, which mijst not haye amounted to less than duriu° the preceding twa've months. Mr J. Richards, M.P., lias given notice that on Tuesday next, December 4, he will ask if Govern* <^1 during the recess take into consider ation the advisability of constructing a line of from Ardyossan, by Maitland, to Moonta, taid alscfof constructing a branch from the Port Wakefield line at Green's Plains to Moonta, as recommended by the Railway Commission of 1875 On tlie Supplementary Estimates we notice sundry items of interest to the residents in this district. The sum of £250 is set down for the children of the late Robert Woodhead. £240 are set down for the construction of the road through the swamp from Wallaroo towards Tickerah. As there is about 80 chains of road to be made, the Government liaye not been too liberal in this matter, but it will probably be sufficient to bridge over the worst portion. There are also £100 for a water supply for Port Wakefield, £200 for the completion of the Yorketown Police Station ; £160 for the completion of the dam at Ardros san; and £150 for the completion of the Maitland Post-Office. We .notice that Mr Boss intends to ask the Commissioner of Public Works on Tuesday next:—"1. W h«> was Commis sioner of Public Works when the erection of the Ardrossan Jetty was authorized ? 2. What Go vernment was responsible for the selection of the site, the leogth, and general construction of the jetty; and had the Engineer of Harbojirs and Jetties any responsibility in the recommendations thereon ?' We regret to record the death of Mr Q-. B Richardson which occurred suddenly in Adelaide Dn Wednesday laet, from heart disease. Mr Bichardson was for some time Editor of this journal, and had latterly been teaching drawing in Adelaide. On Wednesday next Mr Bray will bring up his motion in favor of submitting the question of payment of members to the vote of the electors. The Moonta " Digging Bee," took place on Wednesday afternoon last, and was very success ful, a number of persons turning out as requested with adze, pick, spade and shovel. A good deal of work was done, but the effort will have to be persevered with before the object is carried out. The Legislative Council has at laefc consented to present an address to His Excellency the Go vernor praying him to declare Warooki a polling place for the Electoral' District of Wal laroo. It will be remembered that this was post poned on account of Sir Henry Ayer's inability to define its position. The Hon. W. Morgan is however, better informed, and said it was distant from Yorketown thirteen miles and was the most westerly township of Yorke's Peninsuia. It was in the only part of Yorke's Peninsula that had been settled by farmers for several years, and was the township of the Hundred of Parawarlie, which had been largely settled. The Hon. H. E. Hughes also very properly, pointed out that it was connected with a port likely to become a large shipping place. On Wednesday next Mr Duncan will ask the Commissioner of Crown Land and Immigration— «' What are the intentions of the Government res pecting applications for—1. A timber reserve in the Hundred of Clinton, 2. A dam in the Hun dred of Clinton. 3, Repairs by improvements to the Tiddy Widdy Well On Wednesday last, in tibe House of Assembly Mr J. J. Duncan, M.P., asked the Minister of Education when it was intended to commence Hbe -erection of a public school at Eadina, io which it was replied-that ale matter was under the consideration of tbe Cqhncil of Education On Wednesday last, Njtfember 28, Mr T. H. Spurgeon, son of the celebrated Bev. C. H. Spur geon, preached at the*Wesle jstn Church, Moonta, under the auspices of the Baptist Church. The Church was crowded to excess. On Thursday Mr Spurgeon with the Bey. J_ Price, paid a visit to Wallaroo, where he was shown over the Smelting Works, after which he proceeded to Kadina, where he preached in the evening at the Wesleyan Church to a very large congregation A special' bus ran from Wallaroo for the occa sion, of which a number availed themselves. Mr Spurgeon's earnestness and the entirei absence of affectation in his delivery and thought are very pleasing features in one of his years, which are apparently but twenty or twenty one. On Sunday evening, December 2, the Rev. H, H. Gaud, of Sydney, Missionary Deputation, will preach in the Wesleyan Chnrch, Eadina, in aid of the Wesleyan foreign Mission. A public meeting will be held at the Wallaroo Mines on Monday evening at 7 o'clock, over which Capt. i Anthony will preside, when an address will be delivered by tLe Key. Mr Gand, and on Tuesday evening a public meeting will be held in the Wesleyan Church, Wallaroo, over which Mr T. Davies J-P., will preside, if he returns from town in time, when the Rev. Mr Gaud will also deliver an address. It is probably unnecessary to remind our read ers that the polling for the municipal elections will take place in the three towns to 4&y;> com mencing at 9 a.m., and dosing at 5 p.m. The advertisements in another column will shew the polling places appointed for the various Wards in each town, and we trust that all who haye a vote will make use of it. The poll will be declared at 8 o'clock in the Council Chambers in each town. A rifle match was fired at the Wallaroo Butts on Wednesday last. Nov. 28, between Mr J. Morcom, one of the beet Adelaide marksmen, and IVJy p. Sews jr. of Wallaroo, who has at each of the half-yearly matches of the Yorke'e Peninsula Rifle Association carried off first prizes. The weather was all that could be desired, and seyeral members of the Association attended to witness the match, which resulted in a victory for the "Wallaroo marksman by 11 points. Mr Morcom had not brought his rifle wjth fyitn, and yas coil): gelled to use a strange one, biit understand that he was perfectly satisfied with it. <piie ranges fired from were the 150, 200, 4Q0, and 600 yards, at each of which seven rounds were fired. ^e§sftj jQaf^on and 3?. B- Eurtou ajsa firpd, b^t ^he matoh yas between £he tvfffi firsj; i^at^ed" gentleman. The following are the scores 150 yds 200 yds 400 yds 600 yds Ttl. Bews, 22 20 26 22 90 Morcom, 23 26 14 11 79 Burton, 24 23 12 1Q JSt Carsotj, 23 27 8} 3' 74 js'ev^sy Te^n tq hope that the regatta at Wallaroo Bay this year will be as successful as any of its predecessors. Intending competitors are t\oyr to bp eeein in the cool of the evenjnp picking up their ol<l forr^ an^ pcepajiqg their, inuscies for the coming races, and altogether a great deal of interest is manifested. We learn that Mr P. Walsh has nearly finished building a boat for the occasion, and Mr G-. Ckatfi^lc^ ^3 also procured a new boat froiii Mewcastle. We also ^earn that the Capella has been purchased $ | few gentlemen of Wallaroo who liare formed themselves- into an Association to be called " The CflpeHa Rowing Club," After on absence of rix years, Madame Caran dini made her reappearance at Eadina last night, and a crowded room testified to the fact that Madame Carandini's talent as a vocalist had not been forgotten. As usual, Madame Carandini is accompanied by a highly talented Company. There is Miss Marie Carandini who is already too well-known on the Peninsula to call for men tion and Messrs Walter Slierwin and Cecil For rester, and Signore Ercole^Ortori. Mr Slierwin is also well known. Signor Ercole Ortori, tho solo violinist, is use of those rare artists whosa skill as a musican is beyond common place praise. His wonderful manipulation of his instrument and his exquisite taste brought the house down on Friday in continual thunders of applause at every solo. Those who hare not heard Sign or Orfcori should not fail to do so Cor it is doubtful whether they will ever again have an opportunity of hearing so talented a musician. Mr Cecil Forrester, who is a recent arrival from London, has not been too highly spoken of by the landatory notices which hare ap peared of him in the Adelaide papers, He. has a very humurous manner wlthont the least touch of vulgarity. From first to last the • enter tainment was a thorough, success and surpassed the best anticipations of the audience. Another entertainment; trill be given at Sadina to-night, when there will of course be a large audience. The Company appear at Moonta and Wallaroo next weak. The following are the particulars of the murder at Saltia which was reported in the telegraphic news in our last issue. Hugh Fagau, the man who so, brutally murdered Patrick Bannan, accused his victim of burning down his (lagan's) hut. This, however Bannan denied, and then went away and lay down. Fagan then borrowed- an axe, with which he returned and with it he inflicted two fearful gashes on Bannan'a bead, from the effects of which injuries he mu9t have died instantly. The axe was returned with the blood on it, andtbo - unfortunate man soon afterwards discovered dea*L Jagan also stabbed a man named Richards in the ear. When arrested he said what he hki dona • would be " a lesson from South . Australians to Victorians." The men were both engaged on the | Port Augusta railway works. An inquest was | held on November 27 before Mr E. Gower* | S.M., and a Jury, of which Mr T. Lee was- the * I Foreman, the verdict retired being one t)f wilful murder. The prisoner was committed for trial. Australian wheat for the Paris Exhibition is the subject of the following article in^the Sydney Morning Herald of November 19:—" The Com- • missioners for the Paris Exhibition are taking active eteps to get together with as little delay as possible a good collection of the natural products - of New Sonth Wales. The Commissioners to whom has been deputed the task of arranging 3oy the display of cereals have, through, their Secre tary, issued a circular letter to theasTtculttrrista of the colony asking them to contribute a bushel of wheat, maixe, oats, barley, or other cereal,jm<J it is to bp hop&d; ihat this appeal will meet'with a better response than have former ^similar xe-. quests. At no International Exhibition which has jet been;held lias there been anything hie a lulTor Mttsfectety"tlispisy^^farm palace VantT^ .former Exhibitions, as far as New South Wal^s, is concerned, have done little to remove the popular impressionin old-world eoinniimitieB that Australia ib little better than a sterile waste—a sort of worked-out gold-field oreheep-walk. Aus tralian wheat does, iio doubt, fetch the highest price in |the English market; but while it is well-known to the dealers in grain, it has not been imported into Great Britain in sufficientquaniaties to remove the popnlar ignorance on-the en,bject to ■ which we refer. The wheatebown bj Sonth Aus tralia, Tasmania, and. Victoria at . Philadelphia last year was one of the best features of the Australian exhibition,'and, taken in connection with the maize from New South Wales, wascal culated to create the impression of great agricul tural resources and exuberant fertility. Some of the officers of the Department of Agriculture at Washington were astonished • at the plumpness and weight of the Australian wheat, and con eluded that it would be of great national impor tance if seed wheat could ibe obtained here, it being found that constant cropping on the moid soils had decidedlj deterioated the quality of the American grain. By the last mail steamer frotxfc America, a Toronto seedsman, who obtained «a(| cultivated some samples of Australian wheat fron^ ' the Exhibition of Philadpelhia wrote to the Sec* retaiy of the late Pniladelphi^ Commission with a view to purchase a quantity of the same variety of wheat. If a correspondence could be properly established hetween the seedsmen of Australia aud those of the United States it [£b extremely probable that a large demand would be developed for Australia for seed purposes. It cannot be doubted that a good Bhow of wheat* raaize, and other cereals at Paris wouldgreatly benefit- Itiew South Wales, and. the agriculturists would in directly, if not directly, participate in the advan tage -which niight be expected to result. Many of our caltiTators have received a substantial boon from the State in the shape of cheap land with | long credit, and it would not involve a very great [ amount of self-sacrifice for them to comply with the Commissioners' invitation and send in a bus* hel of wheat or maize as the case, may be^' On all sides active preparation^ ^ being made for reaping, and there is every reason to suppose that what little ^ has shown itself will notd mqtefia^ty affect the crop9 in this neighborhood Beapprfl. are heing brought round to Wallaroo by the j^angaroo almost every trip. This week two reapers were up, one for Mr T. Roberts of \Ys|Hav$o, and; the other for Mr j3. Mayne of 3£adin$. A winnower was also brought for Mr if. Manuel of ITadinn JEgles, writing in the Australasian, says;— " There is a prafQs$eclly pioas Scotch station manager, generally contrives to discover soai^ §i^nday work for h»s men. He vr»at da,wn to the stock-yard a few Sundays ago. to give the station people, as usualt pikers fo? the day. One of the old. h^d.s said " Th« Bible doesn't trouble the people about here much, Mr B. ! " *'Ho,v? i,s Bill Why the Bible tdlg.ag.lpkeep.holy the Sabbath day, but tha,t i§n tinuch attended to in these parts.'* " But,'' said. My. B..," daea not the Bible tell q&'also that iif your os or your ass should fall into a pit on the Sunday you pall hiii} est S" " Yes.'' answered " but it doesn't tell you to hunt rou&d; ajl the (adjec« tive) week to find a pit to pat your ass in'on Sunday 1'' At which point Mr $* found wsya 