Leading Articles. IN the speech which he made at the Town-hall on Monday, 15th January, the Bishop of Melbourne referred to two subjects of special interest to churchmen — the College and the Cathedral. The Bishop spoke of the importance — the necessity — if the Church of England in Victoria were worthily to maintain her position, of taking care to provide the means of liberal culture as well as good theological education for those who desired to take holy orders. All must agree with the Bishop in this matter. In such an age as this, when training for every branch of life is becoming more and more scientific, that for the profession of a clergyman must keep pace if that profession is to continue to be honoured in the eyes of men and to be useful in its generation. It is quite true that it pleased God in 'the beginning of the gospel' to make use of those whom their contemporaries described as 'unlearned and ignorant men,' whom He qualified for their mission by 'singular gifts of the Holy Ghost.' It is quite true also that the history of the church has many splendid instances of the might of men whose strength lay in the simplicity and directness of their faith in Christ and of their zeal for God, and not in their general culture. But it would be very illogical to infer from these facts that success in the mission of the clergy, is to be looked : for, when there is disregard or neglect of the means to which success is ordinarily attached. No amount of culture can be equal to inspiration j but not from, the absence of culture are you entitled to infer the presence of inspiration. In the apostolic age all were not apostles, and the conditions of K church work in this age are very different from those which existed in the beginning of the gospel. Moreover, it is in accordance with all the teaching of history, that movements which receive their initial force from men of genius, or excep tional earnestness, are maintained by those who through diligence and attention have, we may say, bettered zeal by knowledge. If we may regard it as one of the functions of . the church to leaven society with the leaven of the kingdom of God, to establish a public opinion which shall be Christian, to minister towards the great end of 'sanctifying wholly body, soul, and spirit,' both of the individual and of society, and of ' every grade and department in society— it is almost essential to the fulfilment of that mission that the clergy of the church should bring to the altar of God, to be sanctified and devoted to Him, not only the offering of a pure and blameless life, touched by a deep sense of the love of Christ and by a zeal for the salvation of men j not only the power of a 'patient endurance in Well-doing / but also the treasure of a mind well trained to 'distinguish ? ... .... ?? . . . ? , ? ? \ between things that differ,' capable of understanding the age in which they live and the forces which most actuate their contemporaries and shape their conduct ; able to appreciate at its proper value what in the age there is that 'hath any virtue or any praise..' And for this we want the means of liberal culture as well as of good theology.. In truth, we venture to say ;that. theology is not1 properly understood unless it comes as the crown and perfection. of other studies. For though it be true that the knowledge of God's will and mind towards mankind comes through Kevelation, yet that Kevelation was made ah .the first instance to the minds and spirits of men, and it has pleased God that it should come to us through an extensive literature, embracing many periods and written by many writers. And this literature, though inspired, is human. It uses arguments which are addressed to human faculties ; it has. a history the knowledge of which, throws light upon the meaning of its varied parts. Theology, if that means simply the knowledge of the Bible, asks therefore for a cul tured mind — -trained to understand the meaning of words, to .' appreciate the force of reasoning,tto feel the power of poetry, to discriminate between what is of temporary, what of perpetual worth. Theology means the knowledge of God as He has revealed Himself to men. Christian theology reveals the know ledge that it has pleased God 'to reconcile all things in heaven and earth by Jesus Christ unto Himself.' It implies, therefore, an understanding of things on earth, their true relation to things in heaven — the power to perceive that they are not opposed, as they often seem to be, but are at one in Christ. Theology . cannot stand apart from knowledge. The very sphere of its operation brings it into contact with all true science, taking that word in its full and true meaning, and. not confining it, as it improperly is in these days, to subjects of physics, but extending it to matters of the mind and' to matters of conduct — to ethics and to metaphysics as well as to astronomy and. geology. 'This,- -we have the- highest authority for saying, 'is the sum of true religion;' this is 'the law and the pro iphet8'-r-viz., to ' Love the Lordour God with all our mind, as well as with all our soul and strength.' And while this is so, the training of the mind, and the wise application of mental force to the problems which the Church has to solve, must find a place side by, side with that devotion and purity of soul which is obtained by ' lifting up holy hands,' by 'exercising .oneself unto, godliness.' Now for the mental discipline which is; so. much needed, ? we have the Arts course of the University. It is not too much to ask of men who undertake to expound authori tatively to others a sacred literature, that they shall ? qualify themselves by that much familiarity with the learn ing of the schools that a B.A. degree implies. And there are these two advantages : — The first, that by the acquirement of classical learning, with the addition of mathematics and logic, the mind is trained to think accurately and to reason rightly on subjects in which the feelings or the prejudices or passions are not excited. Thus when the mind comes to exercise itself upon religious questions, theological or ecclesias tical, it brings with it a cooler power of distinguishing between things that differ, and thus its conclusions are more likely to be sound, and in accordance with right reason. No one who knows how easily a traditional interpretation assumes to be authoritative, how easily we read our own notions into the page before us, how insensibly we quote inaccurately because our own meaning predominates in our mind, but must acknow ledge how all important to a teacher must be the training which has taught him to be on his guard against the idols , of the mind. Another advantage of University training, and one which goes a' long way towards compensating for the secular and sceptical spirit which is too apt to pervade the air of an institution from which all religious observance is of necessity eliminated, is the facb that the students of divinity are brought into contact, into fellowship, into competition, with men who are preparing for other pi'ofessions. It ought to be a. great help to those who aspire at being the guides of their fellow-men to be subjected to the bracing effects of this mental and moral atmosphere. No doubt it has its great spiritual and moral trials — but it has its great advantages. The effect of it ought to be to widen the mind, and to quicken the sympathy — to repress conceit, and to disarm prejudices. Besides, it is a fair trial and test of mental power, and also of force of character. The clergy of our cliurch: are to be for the most part, not men of the cloister, but 'seculars to mix in the ! . world of their parish, and if possible to make their influence felt on the side of all good and healthy progress ? but how shall they do this who have lived apart from their fellows and have never ' drunk delight of battle with their peers,' but have lived only in a little world of their own, as unlike the real world as the wide expanse of plain or field is to the 'dusty narrow track which is all that is visible to the horse plodding innocently in .his winkers? Men would not be so frightened at what is suddenly revealed to them ? of misbelief — often of doubt — or even of sin, if they had lived in the recognition of the fact that in the world evil is mingled with the good— -if they had been trained to distinguish shadow from substance. But the University of Melbourne affords no help in matters of theology, nor of moral philosophy, nor of ethics. And we do need a special theological department, which shall do for our students what the medical and law schools do for the future physicians and lawyers. Such a college is Moore College, New South Wales, of which the disadvantage is that it is in New South Wales. We may, however, thankfully acknowledgethe benefits which it has . conferred upon the diocese, while at the same time we may earnestly desire that Trinity College may be so enlarged as that it would be possible to give our candidates for orders the benefit of a liberal theological training after they have com pleted their course of school learning at the University. We venture to lay some stress upon the desirability that theological culture should be liberal — not at all meaning that' it should not be definite nor systematic, but that it should have regard to the progress that has been made of late years on all sides ; in theological studies, and especially in sacred criticism and exegesis ; and moreover that it should compre hend a wise consideration of the special needs — moral and mental and social — of this age, and of the fitness of the gospel ? and the church life to meet those needs ; that it should be as comprehensive in its character as the well understood limits of the church permit and sanction. We only fear that the time required for such an intellectual training would be more than most students could afford to devote to it. It ought not to be so. Including the Arts course at the University and a year given to obtaining practical acquaintance with pastoral work, it need not be more than five or six years; and it might be ,7 possible, perhaps, to shorten the time in certain instances, ???'] either by dispensing with the BA. degree if the first and second years of the Arts course were passed, and allowing the Divinity course to be entered upon earlier, or by admission to the Diaconate upon somewhat lower attainments. But five years' study is not too long a preparation for prac tice in medicine or in law; and it touches the welfare no less than the honour of the church to make provision that they who are thought worthy to practise in the sacred law— in the therapeutics of the soul — -should not lack a training sufficiently careful and, in relation to its special lore, sum'- ' ciently scientific. While saying all this in order to urge the enlargement and extension of Trinity College, it would be unjust not to remember that there is a very large debt due to Bishop Perry — a debt which it deeply concerns the honour of all connected with the college to see should be liquidated. The other subject upon which our Bishop spoke was the Cathedral. Upon this we only intend to say a few words, and those upon the aspect which a cathedral bears towards the education of the clergy. It is the testimony of the Bishop that the establishment of the special services in the London cathedrals has resulted in greatly raising the tone of sermons. ? ' The cathedral has become a school for preachers. The ablest men, not only of those whose reputation is established, but of those who give promise of original power, have been appointed to preach. There is every encouragement and stimulus to men to do their best; large congregations habitually are gathered together; and the effect of the sym pathy of a great multitude, and of a. sense of the importance of the occasion, has been to improve sermons sensibly. Men have been taught to discard common-place, to disuse technical terms, to speak definitely, and at the same time simply, so as to command the attention of those who came to church, and make them feel that the preachers had something to say which they wanted the people to hear, and knew how to say it. We are very far from forgetting , that the power of preaching stands 'not in the wisdom of man, but in the power of the Holy Ghost.' But in the epistles of St. Paul, and in the few speeches that remain of his, one thing is clear— that among the 'excellencies of speech or man's wisdom' which he refused, were not to be reckoned either the use of fervid language, the marshalling of cogent argument, the employment of ;such graces- and courtesies of address as might conciliate the re 'spectfuj -attention of those whom he laboured to 'present perfect: in. Christ Jesus.' There is no reason to think! that the 'power of the pulpit' - has ceased from among us. 'We, may speak .without offence of the dead. No! one who heard the late Dr. Russell — of our own church,, nor the late Mr. Menzies-— of the Scotch Church, buti S knpws' that men are eager to listen when any one whose! lips are1! touched with the sacred fire stands up to speak to: them. 'And though all cannot be prophets, yet the occasion; and the triaL would serve to bring out what there is of power j in our 'ranks'!'' The pulpit of the cathedral would offer oppor-; ' tunities for sermons of a different character to that of those exhor tations and counsels which the pastor of a parish addresses to ? his own flock. They would have regard to the larger heeds; of the . church— its mission towards the nation; the influence: which it ought to exert upon public manners ; the correction and education of public opinion in matters of conduct ; the ! proper place for religion in education; the attitude1 of the, Christian faith towards the science of the age ; the defence j of the Creed against sceptical attacks; the true office 'of j culture towards the religious life. There always will bei persons who take an earnest, if sometimes a fretful, interest; in these things; who are1 secretly fearful that in some way i or other ? the moral power of the church is slipping : away, i and the foundation facts of the faith are being resolved ( into misty phases of consciousness. The pastor of the parish j has too much earnest and spiritual work to do within his;nar-j /rower circle— too much personal work — to: preach often_ or j formally upon such subjects as tnose reterred to or torsatisty . the desires of those inquirers. For this work the pathedraF offers itself; and in doing so it exercises a functiojf»ih the; continued training of the clergy not less useful to the^h'urch, j 'nor less Worthy of its own dignity; than those other functions which are usually recognised as proper 'to it and justifying: its existences-such as a solemn and stately worship, v-£ the: worship of the Lord in the beauty of holiness;' the afford^; ing room for the decorous rendering ; of high, solemnities which\ partake of a national character. ; and lastly ^ the presenting inj ^ the midst' of a city, in the midst of its hurry, in the midst of; ^K- its wealth, in the midst of; the poverty that lies close to its | \ wealth, a visible 'witness that' ''? the kingdom of this world is i lj become the kingdom of our God arid of His Christ;' ; a If in' this paper' we: may seem to have1 laid too much stress! ' upon means which- are outward, it may be permitted us to say ^ that it is only' as means to be vivified by the faith that' appre- ? 'herids the presence of Christ and is constrained by His love; that' we have spoken of them; There is no - conviction which .; experience has wrought in us more certain than this— Nisi: Dominus cedificdverit urbem, in vanum laboraverunt qui\ o&dificant; earn. There must be one to plant and one to water;; there must be care in the planting and care in the watering ; 'but the increase is of God alone. If, again,.we mayiseem to. have 'trusted to imperfect motives of action, it is to be remem-. bered that God has entrusted the building up of His Church to imperfect men ; and that it is through the conflict of varying! and imperfect forces, both moral and spiritual, that there is; evolved that order which is the kingdom of heaven, the excel-; lency 'of which is not of man, but of.' Godi;and from which has been eliminated ' whatsoever .defileth and loyeth a lie.' '?? 