? THE CHANCES OF WAS. CHAPTER XXXVI. A COMPACT. (From the Irish Monthly.) • BY A. WHITELOCK. '* Thou slave, thou wretch, thou coward ; Thou little valiant great in villainy 1 Thou ever strODg upon the stronger side I Thou fortune's champion that dost never fight, Bnt when her humorous ladyship is by To teach thee safety: thou art perjured, too. And Booth'at up greatness" _ —King John. IT had been a successful day—another glorious day for the Parliament of England. Since early morn its guns hftd been pouring - an incessant fire on the walls of the last stronghold of the Irish rebels. The gunners had plied their craft cunningly, and shot and shell had done well the work of ruin for' which they had been sent. A huge rent yawned in the black walls of the town ; and a mound of loose atones and mortar sloped from the opening down to the green field outBide. From a fort, which he had constructed at an early stage of the siege, General Ireton saw the destruction that had been done upon the enemies of the Lord, and poured forth his eoul in thanksgiving for the great mercy vouchsafed him. It was a spectacle which he .could have continued to contemplate with mucb inward' satisfaction,' but, not being able, like Joshua, to keep the sun above the horizon, the pious commander at length closed his glass, and, accompanied by an escort of his officers, retired to his quarters to make arrangements for the storming of the breach on the following morning. • The house in which the general had established himself was a gaunt, lank building perched on a solitary rock which protrudes from the side of a pleasant hill overlooking the city of Limerick.* Its lofty gables terminating in weird chimneys, and ornamented with huge stone water-spouts, still stand upon the rock like a skeleton of the former structure. The side walls have yielded to the wind and rain, and are being beaten to the ground ; but the stout old gables scornfully defy the storms, and, judging by the way in which the blast roars about them on wild nights, their contempt is deeply felt and fiercely resented. Every nhabitant of Limerick knows that the ruin is the resort of innumerable ghosts, who meet there on dark nights to shriek, and groan, and rattle chains, and burn blue lights, and indulge in other elfish paatimes, to the terror of the midnight wayfarer. The phantom gathering includes repriesentativies of a dozen generations—ladies who, in life, talked scandal across ruffs as high as Queen Elizabeth's ; gentlemen who, in life, had aped the swagger of the Duke of Buckingham; men who swore oaths with Prince Charles, and men who prayed and chaunted hymns with Cromwell; sinners of the type of Prince Rupert, and saints of the type of Ludlow ; spirits that left the earth when the plain below the ruin was a battlefield, and spirits' that left the earth when the slope above it was a racecourse. All meet here to discuss the concerns of the ghost world, and to Bcare the duller spirits who pass by the adjoining road in their clumsy cages of bones and flesh. To this building General Ireton now bent his way. The labours of the day had been eminently successful, and success being for pious temperaments a . stimulant to devotion, General Ireton's devotional feelings were roused to an unusual pitch. He was one of the most prolific of the vessels of election that had been raised up into the high places by the events of the civil war; he now poured himself forth in thanksgiving and praise. In his early days he had been a student of the law, and to the end of his career he was " able with sword and pen." His early studies had given him a strong liking for the compiling of lengthy and formal doou me nts ; few men could better embody a statement of grievances or frame a petition redress. The prolixity of hu written cotataunicationsmade him formidable as a; coVi<,spondent to Cromwell himself ; and for this, reason, when Cromwell desired news of his ton. in-law's family, he jjrefen-ed to address himself to his 'son-in-law's wife.f Ireion's studies' in'the Middle'Temple haid furthermore discovered iii him ^moderate oratorical po wers, and these he had much unproved"by his assiduity in exhorting the pio^ IrohBides he comniiiiided. ; 'The 'events of the momentous' day that was dosing , furnished him with a fitting theme; it wair important that his officers IffonM' *ehlfeitari"Mhtiiyeii^" ftorthjr £f the gtto Itl^'i^UraToiMiUfea^m; «na hr Accordingly proceeded to imjjiirt . to ,them ti^' fiefoi&^reflect&hs;'^Hlclf Odd occuma toinnfetfff • lflth,XW&. The edifying discourse "occupied the ride from the fort to the general's quarters, and did, it is to be presumed, produce abundant fruit in the hearts of the listeners. He reminded them that the wonders they had just seen done were the work of the right arm of the Most High ; that not in the weak arm of the flesh had they triumphed, but in the strength that is not of man ; that at the sound of their guns, even as at the voice of the priests of Israel, the walls of their enemies had fallen flat, so that thei people might now go np into the city everyone straight before him. Their success had cost them little; the shooters had shot from the walls upon the servants of the Lord, but they had not been hurt; they had made the battle more strong against the city, and it had fallen. The Lord had opened to them a way into the stronghold of their enemies; only let them be strong and of a good courage, and to-morrow the city would be theirs. And when they had entered into its streets, they would smite its people that were in it with the edge of the sword, would slay them until the evening, would make an utter end of it, so that the affliction should not rise up a second time. His fervour was at its height when they reached the foot of the rock on which the old house stood. Turning towards the doomed city, which lay gloomy and lightleBs in the thick shadows of the valley, he exclaimed, with a menacing gesture "He that dasheth in pieces is come before thy face. The horseman hath lifted up both the bright sword and the glittering spear, and there shall be a multitude of slain, and a great number of carcases, and there shall be none end of their corpses. The Lord hath given me a commandment concerning thee, that no more of thy name shall be sown. I will make thy grave, for thou art vile. I will set thee up as a gazing-3tock." With this threat upon his lips the general dismounted from his horse, and, followed by his officers, entered the house. An attendant announced to him, as he crossed the threshold, that a messenger from the city had been for some time waiting his return. "Let him come before us," replied Ireton, entering an apartment at hand, and beckoning to him some of the officers of his staff. " Verily, the carnal man hath much need of sustenance, howbeit we will first attend to the work of the Lord." He was still in his excitedly devout mood when Lucas Plunkett entered. The appearance of his visitor caused no sur prise in the Parliamentarian general. It was plain that this was not their first meeting. The general's greetings were of the briefest ; pre-occupied with the subject on which he had been discoursing, he discarded all idle formalities. . "Thou hast sought speech of me," he began ; "whereunto art thou come ?" "On a mission of humanity," replied his visitor, meekly ; " to work peace be tween you and your enemies." " Say, rather, to rescue from our hand those whom God hath delivered into it, retorted Ireton, quickly. "Thou hast journeyed hither in vain; the work which the Lord hath given us to do we will execute faithfully. A commandment hath been laid upon me, and I will obey it." "I am unskilled in the operations of inspired souls," answered Plunkett,* with some irony ; "in plain termB, my message is this—the citizens are disheartened by the result of the siege, and are ready to listen to terms of surrender. The mayor, many of the principal aldermen, and even some of the officers of the garrison are prepared to open the gates, if honourable terms are granted them. Delay the storming of the breach ; many lives will thus be saved, and. the end you seek will be gained with greater certainty." "The lives of a brood of vipers !" replied Ireton, scornfully. "Save them whom I have sworn to destroy! Nay, I -will cut them off. as the tops of the ears of corn ; I will cut them off, head and tail, branch and rush, in one day, and that day shall be to-morrow !" "My proposal is humane towards your own soldiers as well as. towards those who hold the, town,'.' responded Plunkett. '^Think not that our state is desperate. Your groaadiers may mount the breach to ineeti as they got at Clonmel. The men who wivit for them behind yona fallen wall drove them back from .. tiie breach of Clonmel under General < Cromwell's eyes,> and the commander; who .'opposes, you is the. satne who defeated him. Do.not think that your victory is secure. The townsmen are < inclined . •• for .surrender ; but-eve with their aid; yon may,have a tough truggle withthe Ulstermen. ..They betteror^the'mseives,. able to hold. the.city gainst you, (and in spite of the citizens thay.^tiLinake th^attempt."; . • h , r blood <be «pon-jtheir - head V' ns*Jsred Ireton. . " We will go. up m «gainst thetndnrthfe ought ftpf/the Jiora ; j we will deride their strongholds, and their bulwarks shall be subdued." (( "Be it so," said the emissary of peace ; I will merely repeat my warning— Beware of another Clonmel!" The enthusiasm of Ireton was not 8 narfd by his oflScers. Their experience of O Neill and Jbis Ulstermen had been such that they preferred negotiating an entrance into the town to foming a passage, where the northern Irish troops barred the way. They expressed unequivocally by their looks their dissent from their general's uncompromising views. At such a moment the dissatisfaction of his officers was more than Ireton dared provoke. He was a fanatic, and a cruel one ; but his fanaticism as well as his cruelty had been often restrained by the same influence which now moderated his pious ferocity. " What answer wouldst thou have me to give the messenger of our enemies ?" he asked of a grey-bearded veteran of his staff. I would hear first what he has eot to P r °P°® e >" ^turned the officer, bluntly, Ihou counsellest with prudence," observed Ireton. " Sit thou down amongst us, he continued, addressing riunkett, and seating himself by the table, and unfold unto us after what | manner the city may be delivered into our hands." The conference was long and interesting, so interesting that Ireton and his officers ceased to think-of. -that sustenance of which the carnal man had such exceeding need. "Go thy way in peace," exclaimed at length the Parliamentarian commander, rising from the table, "but remember the covenant between thee and me. The heads of this people I will not spare, the leaders of their armed men I will smite with the sword, their priests I will utterly cut off. For the leaders of this people caused them to err, and they that are led of them are destroyed." ;.,"Your stipulations on this head you can make when you treat wiih the commissioners of the town," replied Plunkett. " To-morrow at an early hour the parley will be beaten ; you will have time before then to draw up the list of the proscribed." " O'Neill and his abettors shall die the death," muttered Ireton, with savage determination. "This is a matter with which I am not concerned," answered Plunkett, carelessly. " The object of my coming hither has been nearly attained. One thing yet remains." "It ist" " To make provision for myself. The humane motives that impelled me to the step I have taken will be badly appre ciated by a large faction in the town. . I must quit it to-morrow evening with some friends for whose safety I am con- | cerned. With the soldiers who shall come to-morrow night to St. John's Gate, I would ask you to send a small escort of horse to conduct us beyond your lines. Do I require too large a reward for the service I hape rendered ?" "Not so," answered Ireton ; " it shall be as you require. We return manifold vengeance to our foes, but recompense to them from whom we have received good things." CHAPTER XXXVII. THE FUNERAL. " Heaven gives its favourites earls' death." —Childe Harold. ON the river side of St. Mary's Cathedral there is a small open space, in which many of the "great people" of Limerick have been laid. It has about it a dismal, I charnel-house air, which chills the visitor ; yet it does not look its worst at ! the present day. Time, which iB said | only to- waste and to disfigure, has laboured for the enlivenment and em- I bellishment of this melancholy patch of ! ground. It worked steadily for many years, sapping the strength of the tall, red gables that once stood round about it; their palsied masses fell, and theauXh , r ., , , , . . » which they had excluded Btreamed into the dismal area. Wo one thought of rebuilding the ruined houses,, and so the sun continued to pour in.his rays across the heaps of brick and mortar, and did his best to make the -desolate place- look cheerful. At last the-heaps of rubbish H either sank - into *the earth, or were removed ; a gaol and a courthouse were erected on: the earth they' had obstructed, and modern civilisation marked the^pot for its own. - . . In a -corner of this- enclosure, under the wall of the venerable church, Kath- 's grave i was made. It was the • pleasantest -nook. of the' many • which the church walls formed. The earliest sunbeams ones tied there; and. on -oalm evenisga thie echoes from the neighbouring ford kept «p snoh: a jjabble in the quiet bonier.that: ino one would have thought they ^uui passed rovdr melancholy tangos of .1graves ton .their'Way-j to this their avouHtei:rendezvous(- .i!lt' ' was a 6oid orhingvmpctdber ftheri^ tto grafta>«fiM ' A^i^hd^^idi^tikimii^riae^j not experts. They handled mattock and pickaxe very clumsily, and though they worked with great energy, their progress was slow. They wore a rather scant undress for so chill a morning. On the tombstones around were disposed pieces of armour, of which the workmen must have divested themselves before beginning their task. An c-fficer of cavalry, muffled in a heavy cloak, stood upon the mound of fresh earth, watching the progress of the work. He was silent and abstracted, lost, it seemed, in the melancholy reflections which the spot suggested. In truth, Heber MacDermott was, just then, in a meditative mood. A serious disappointment in life will make most, men moralists. We never sympathise so heartily with the philosophic theories of the nothingness of human things as when some cherished scheme of our own has broken down. When we have striven for some of the great prizes of life, and been defeated, we readily accept, in our discomfiture, the doctrine that theprizes of lifeare not'worth lighting for. There is eomething in being able to see, in our own disappointment, only an example of a vast system of deception which the world practises on all who trust in it. We enter uncompromisingly into the views of the cynic and the misanthropist. Friendship is a pretence, for we have found it hollow; love is a mockery, for we have been toyed with ; sincerity does not oxist,-for we have been deceived ; the world in which we believed so confidingly when we were happy and successful is a dishonest and an insincere world, for, in the shifting of its confused elements, our favourite plans have been Heber MacDsrmott's philosophy took this unamiable turn. His plan of life, which he had framed with much ingenuity, had been summarily demolished, his schemes for the quiet future which lay beyond the career of strife and danger, which was ending, had been blasted. Fortune, or fate, or the world, or whatever other vague impersonation is responsible for our misfortunes, had used him badly, and be was embittered against it. Looking down into the new- made grave, he began to think that he had had enough of life ; that it. would be a pleasant thing to lie down in pence under the shadow of those h'jary walls, and slttep on for ever. It would be almost euj.iyable to rest there undisturbed, and think of the sense!dss din and bustle of the world overhead, and chuckle at ihe fully uf the simpletons who playeu so noisily their childish games, and were presently to dropdown into their quiet cei s beneath the clay, whou t!>e game ivaa ended, and they had lost. What is life worth when we cease to feel an interest in the events that compose it 2 If we cannot be eager in the race, why should we take partTin it 1 Had we not better stand aside and make way for more earnest competitors 1 There are many whose eyes have not been opened, who do not see things as we do, and who would eagerly step into our place if we would but retire. Why deprive them of the object of their ambition by retaining what is the object of our contempt. XTo be continued.) PRINCELY- MCUIFICENC;!. —Professor Holloway has commenced building a college for women of the upper and middls classes. The building is estimated to cost £250,00 i, and the professor will endow it with £lo> ,(j(j0. It is stated that he has also greeted, at a cost of £180,0i)0, a sanatorium for the cure of mental disorders. The two establishmentsare near Eghain and Virginia Water, about eighteen miles from London. The curricuof fh 0 college will be somewhat similar to that of Oxford and Cambridge, and the professor will provide for the foundation of twenty scholarships of £10 sach. The reason assigned for the munificence is " to make som e acknowledgment to the public for themeans ^bich, through thnm, I possess." % C0 P'° US sh T er ° f , Sil " d fel1 U T>°" Eom ?- Mric ^ $ a ' " filled tha upper atmosphere lik-i a °Teat J 0i0ud, and to^uoh an ext P ent that j four o'clock in the afternoon seemed entirely shorn of its rays, appeariug- likj a pale moon of greenish tint.. In some planes the sand, mixed with water, fell in little drops of mud. In colour,, the—sand had a reddish-brick ^S 6 " nuxed with grains of vegetable pollen. The same atmospheric, „<\- 1. phenomenon waa observed, at. Naples; but, although Vesuvius was in a partial state of eruption, no sapd or cinders fell there. Telegrams from :Naplep report that all Friday and the day before Vesuvius was emitting 1 great quantities of smoke. . A PHxx^jsraiiiiop'ic NKWSPAPEB PBOPEIETOE. -rSir.J^m ' Ainott, proprietor of. the Irish riwiA'j'lias determined to erect, in,a healthy jjortion pf JDublin,_for tlie use of^the gnpters connected vHtli ®his jourpal, cottages; whi^h te vnll J&jride; f or thran at a merely nomiiial tent/ i'Ais'lbSM ak'iraclaba,hfe,'6»m : forty iio my sifitajl^hmes -WiU ie; Completed, that*thb 'is^^^fiffid^^ib^bus.isiiMug-the femploVe i vfOTilSrfl&tl;&obHAe; pccupiera ,p£ RSNTIDC* neither'! 