MISCELLANEOUS. A Winconsin editor illustrates the prevailing extravagance of people now- adays by calling attention to the costy baby carriages in use, while, when he was a baby, they hauled him by the hair of his head. Influence of Newspapers.—A teacher, who had been a long time engaged in his profession, and witnessed the influence of a newspaper upon the minds of a family of children, writes as follows:—I have found it to be a universal fact, without exception, that those scholars of both sexes, and of all ages, who have access to news- papers at home, when compared with rhose who have not are:—1. Better readers, excellent in pronunciation, and consequently read more under- standingly. 2. They are better spellers, and define words with ease and ac- curacy. 3. They obtain practical know- ledge of geography in almost half the time it requires of others as the news- papers have made them acquainted with the location of the important places of the nations, their government and doings on the globe. 4. They are better grammarians, for having become so familiar with every variety of styles in the newspapers, from the common- place advertiement to the finished and classical oration of the statesman, and they more readily comprehend the meaning of the text, and constantly analyse its construction with accuracy. 5\. They write better compositions, using better language, containing more thoughts, more clearly and more cor- rectly expressed .6. Those young men who have for years been readers of newspapers are always taking the lead in debating societies, exhibiting a more extensive knowledge upon a greater variety of subjects, and expressing their views with greater fluency, clearness, and correctness. Worried mothers may be interested in Iearning that the shingle cure is the best remedy for a boy whose tooth begins to ache fifteen minutes before school time. A fashionable lady recently went into a Broadway store for a pair of gold sprinkled stockings. When she saw them she said they were so high priced that she would take only one. An old lady sleeping during divine service in a church in Liverpool, let fall her Bible, with clasps to it; and the noise partly awaking her, she exclaimed, aloud, '' What, you've broke another jug, you slut, have you?" An experienced lady observes that a good way to pick out a husband is to see how patiently he waits for dinner when it is behind time. Her husband remarks that a good way to pick out a wife is to see whether the woman has dinner ready in time. Stick a ginger snap on the end of a knitting needle, and you will have the latest style of a parasol. When a German woman in America makes success or power in life they do not say she wears the breeches, but that she swings the slipper. ABOUT JIBBING.—Jibbing on the part of colts is, for the most part, the result of the trainer's ignorance or passion. Yelling and whipping on the part of the trainer or driver, overloading sore shoulders, or ill-fitting collars— these are the causes that make horses jib. But if you have a horse or colt that jibs, while one cannot, without a personal knowledge of the subject, tell you what to do, we can tell you what not to do—never whip. If he won't go let him stand still and think it over. He will very often think better of it, and after a few mo- ments' reflection and a few tosses of the head go on of his own accord. Or if this does not answer, get out of the waggon and pat him and talk to him kindly. A horse is very susceptible to kindness; and the writer says he has known more than one quite vicious horse coaxed into good behaviour by a few gentle pats from a lady's gloved hand on the moist neck and veined muzzle. Sometimes it is well to loosen a strap or start a buckle. The mere act of unchecking and re- checking the animal has sometimes answered the purpose. It took his attention off in another direction, changed the current of his thought, and broke up his pur- pose and determination to resist. For this same reason an apple, or a bunch of grass from the roadside, or a hand- ful of oats, or a few kernels of corn, will often accomplish what an hour of beating could never effect. The truth is, a man must govern himself before he can hope to govern lower animals. A man flushed with passion, his brain charged with heated blood, and eyes blazing with rage, is not in a condition to think clearly; and it is just this thinking clearly that is, above all else, needed in directing and controlling horses.—Golden Rule (U.S.) FARDEL BOUND.—At a meeting held last January of the Scottish Veteri- nary Medical Society a discussion took place on " fardel bound" in cattle. Professor Walley explained the dis- ease which is brought on by dry, indi- gestible, irritating, and acrid food, and food having a tendency to aggregate in masses, especially wheat, bean or peameal, undecorticated cotton cake, barley, buckwheat, coarse rye-grass, especially when seeded, &c.; I wrote to Professor Walley to ask him his opinion, and what he thought of malt for feeding cattle, and I now give you his reply :—" In answer, I have to say that I have for a long time been in the habit of ordering malt mashes for horses and cattle when suffering from disease, and I think I cannot give you a better proof than this of the assertion which I have often made, that malt, judiciously given, is one of the best and most easily digested of foods for cattle and horses which we possess. More than this, it cannot be adulte- rated and mixed with the deleterious matters which so frequently find their way into our artificial and prepared feeding stuffs. I may tell you that numbers of cattle have recently died in this neighborhood from eating a so- called new cake, one of the ingredients of which is said to have been castor oil seeds.—Correspondent Agricultural Gazette. PRESERVING POSTS AND RAILS.—A simple plan of preserving posts and rails, and similar out-door appliances, is recommended by the Berlin Land- wirthschaftlicde Presse. It consists in soaking them in a solution of sulphate of copper of the strength of one part of the salt in twenty parts of water, and then drying them slowly in the shade. They must remain in soak for forty- eight hours at a time, and the operation should be repeated twice or thrice till they acquire a bluish tint, when they should be washed down with lime water. Thus treated, they are said to last ten times as long as unprotected wood-work. A SHARP TRICK.—In the Glasgow Herald is related a sharp trick with horse flesh. A match was made between a cattle-drover and a farmer, the bet £50, as to which of their horses would first reach an inn in Linlithgow, driven from Edinburgh—the first at the goal in full harness to receive £100. One of the wagerers, fearing to lose, ordered a special engine and horse box, then allowing himself after the start to get behind, on coming to a station he put his team abroad, and by special train soon reached Linlith- gow. The other man drove quietly on, much delighted to find himself alone on the road, but on reaching the inn was told to his disgust that his opponent had arrived there 20 min- utes before him, his horse in full har- ness, being first at the goal. A DECREE NISI.—"The injured husband or wife is released, free to begin life anew." But alas ! is such freedom any real compensation ? Can it, in a fair propor- tion of cases, be held to repay the sufferer for misplaced affection, outraged feelings, wasted years ? Moreover, is it a remedy which, in its working, holds out equal advantages to both sexes ? Take, for example, the case of a wife who obtains a decree of divorce against her husband. Glance, for a moment, at their relative positions in the world after such a decree; the husband, triumphant in his coveted freedom, happy in congenial society, able to mould his life after his heart's desire. He has lost nothing which he cared to keep, all former friends, whose society was most to his taste, will asso- ciate with him still ; what, to him, will be the loss of the few who will turn their backs upon him ? They will be the ones whom he will least miss, whom probably, he had always looked upon as the necessary evils at- tendant on a life of distasteful restraint. Respectability, the decorums of society, have long been intolerable to him; he has done with them now; launched on a sea of reckless pleasure, taking with him every congenial element of the life he leaves behind. And how fares it with the wife ? Her petition has been granted, the decree nisi, " with costs," has been made absolute, pos- sibly there has been added some order for alimony, which may ward off actual want. But what solace does her freedom bring? What future is disclosed to her tear-dimmed eyes? She has lost name, home, social status, everything, in fact, which gave interest or hope to her life; happyfor her if she lost not also her friends. At best she can no longer associate with them on the old footing; her whole position is changed, she has ceased to be the mistress of a household, able to give hospitality as freely as she receives it; she must, hence- forth, be a waif and stray in the world, burdened with a miserable conscious ness that her very existence calls for a perpetual apology. Wherever she goes, her sen- sitive ear catches the explanatory whisper, " Oh! she is a divorced woman ;"not (as should be said) " she divorced her husband," but the cruelly careless word- ing which leaves a doubt as to who petitioned and who responded in the suit. This picture is sketched under the brightest circumstances usually found in such cases; by far the largest number of women thus situated have to bear burdens still. Many of them are thrown destitute on the world, a world, too, in which every door of honest industry is barred to them; a woman thus circumstanced may be well born, gently reared, of cultivated mind, but she is divorced, con- sequently, on no account,to be permitted to earn her bread, either as governess, companion, housemaid, cook, or kitchen-maid, in any respectable family. Truly, her release is of great value to her and her fresh start in life full of bright promise.—" I Will,". TEN YEARS OF PATIENT WAITING.—Ten years ago a young man was sent to the penitentiary from Mar- shall county, Iowa. He was engaged to a worthy young woman and when he went to prison, she made the journey with him. He was intoxicated when the crime was committed, or otherwise would not have committed it. She has regularly visited him, and for the past few years has made constant efforts to procure his release; butthe Executive has turned a deaf ear to her entreaties, until a short time ago she appealed to Guy Kirkwood with such devoted zeal that he granted her request, and, with the pardon in her possession, she hastened to the penitentiary and pre- sented her papers. The prison doors swung open, and, eaning on the arm of him she had lost and won, she made her exit, a happy smile of victory wreathing her face. Chaplain Williamscourteously tendered his ser- vices to complete fruition of their hopes; but the patient maiden replied that after ten years patient waiting a few hours' delay could be endured, so that her friends might share with her the joys of love's labour won.—Chicago Tribune. CAUSE OF SHEEP LOSING THEIR WOOL.—There is no method or medicine—no feed or treatment that will arrest the wool from falling from the sheep once it has begun ; for the reason that the injury is done to the fibre of the wool long before it begins to fell out. The wool, by some sickness or disease, or maltreatment in feeding, has been arrested in its continuous growth, and is broken or rotted, and when the new growth of wool starts, it pushes the old wool out till it drops. We often hear many wool-growers say:—" I wonder what makes that sheep cast its fleece or drop its wool. It has been traced as well as the rest." But the fact is it has had a bad spell of some kind some time in a fall and has been overlooked till the fleece tells the story. All the grain it will eat and the best of hay won't make the wool unite again, after it is once broken. Of course the sheep that are getting into the best condition with the grain feed are only hurrying up to grow a new fleece, and are shedding their old rotten fleece faster than those that are not so well fed. That is the whole secret. The only way to save the wool is to shear it now and blanket the sheep or keep them under cover till mild weather with good feed. I they have any skin disease, or any troubled with ticks, you will then see it, and be prepared to apply proper remedies.—Michigan Farmer. An Illinios clergyman is reported to have said at the laying of the corner stone of a new download " If boys and girls do their sparking in church, I say amen to it. I have a daughter whom I cherish as the apple of my eye. When she is of suitable age I would rather she should be courted in the house of God than in a theatre." Courtship is a very simple matter in the Andaman islands. The bridegroom eats a certain kind of ray- fish, which gives him the appelation of "bachelor des- irous of marrying." When he is ready to take a wife, he sits beside a marriageable maiden and stares at her. Then the bride's father or guardian joins the hands of the pair, and they disappear from the village, plunging into the depths of the forest, and remaining away several days. WHO WAS THE FOOL?—A gentleman in the habit of occasionally using intoxicating drinks took up an able temperance address, and sat in his family to peruse it. He read it through without saying a word, when he exclaimed, "This man is a fool." He then read it through again, and, when he had finished it a second time, exclaimed, " That man is a fool or I am." A third time he read it with still greater care, and when he had finished the last sentence, exclaimed, "I am a fool," and never tasted a drop of ardent spirits after- wards. A CURIOUS ANSWER TO A CHALLENGE.—I have two objections to this duel affair: the one is, lest I should hurt you, and the other lest you should hurt me. I do not see any good it would do me to put a bullet through any part (the least dangerous part) of your body. I could make no use of you when dead, for any kitchen purpose, as I would of a rabbit or a tur- key. I am no cannibal (to feed on the flesh of men) why, then, shoot down a human creature of whom I could make no use. A Buffalo would be better meat. For though your flesh might be delicate and tender, yet it wants that firmness and consistency that makes and retains salt. At any rate it would not be fit for long voyages. You might make a good English stew, or American barbacue, it is true, being after the nature of a racoon or opossum; but people are not in the habit of barbecuing anything human in these enlightened times. As to your hide, it is not worth taking off, being little better than a year colt. As to myself, I don't like to stand in the way of anything harmful. I am under great apprehensions that you might hit me; that being the case, I think it most advisable to stay at a distance. If you want to try your pistols, take some object, a tree, or a barn door, about my dimensions; and if you hit that send me word, and I shall acknowledge that had I been in the same place you might have also hit me.—Morning Post. CHEERFULNESS.—" How dismal you look !" said a bucket to his companion, as they were going to the well. " Ah!" replied the other ; " Iwas reflecting on the uselessness of being filled, for let us go away ever so full, we always come back empty." " Dear me ! How strange to look at it in that way !" said the other bucket. Now I enjoy the thought that, however empty we come, we always go full. Only look at it in that light, and you'll be as cheerful as I am." A man named David Crampton, a baker, was found dead in his bed a few days ago at Albury. Before retiring to bed on the previous night he drank a pint of schnapps. If David had not med- dled with spirits he would not have given up the ghost; and though he supplied the staff of life, King Death soon snapped him up. 