«$ut[ jSimcktr Column. »»-«««o »M i. tarn Mil do), in tit CUf of Dnit, ? Soniow, «»«»«? Ckri* the l*rd.-IMe, ».. 11. The above text formed the subject of the following discourse by the Rev. WnxiAM Steatton JUthjen, in tbe Presbyterian Church, James-street, Tou woomba, on the 24th December last. The rev. gentleman said :— Humble, honest, and pious shepherds were keep ing watch over their flocks by night, when suddenly an angelic messenger ap peared to them. Unprepared for the appearance of such a one, and not know ing for what intent be had come, fear took hold of their hearts. 'They were sore afraid.' Little knew they that that holy being, from the realms of eternal bliss, had come to annonnce one of the most joy-inspiring messages of mercy which this world had ever heard. They thought, probably, that he only meant evil, and that he bad come to announce some im pending calamity. How ready are we to be afraid at those times or circumstances in which we ought rather to rejoice— be filled with peace. We give may to fear, however, on account of our ignorance, and of that conscience which brings home guilt to us. The angel, seeing the con sternation in which the shepherds were, began at once to calm their fears, and to announce to them the glorious tidings with which he had been sept. ' For be hold, 1 bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people. _ For onto you is born this day, in the city of David, a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord. In the angel's announcement we have mention of a Saviour born ; who this Saviour is ; for whom, or to whom, he is bom ; ana tbe time when this an nouncement was made. 1st. The announcement of a Saviour born. 'Unto you is bora this day a Saviour.' Mark the mercy of God iu this announcement The shepherds were told, and we are told, that a Saviour was born. It was not announced that a de stroyer was born, or one who had come to sweep men from the face of the earth for their sin against God. This might have been the case, as it wan iu the days of Noah, Lot, and Moses. The Lord had intimated to those righteous men what he intended to do— the evil he was about to bring upon the people among whom they dwelt The world in Noah's days was destroyed by a flood ; in Lot's, the people of Sodom, Gomorrah, and other cities of tile plain by fire, rained down upon them from Heaveu ; and in the days of Moses, all tbe first-born in tbe land of Egypt were destroyed by the destroying angel. The angel that appeared to tbe shepherds announced the appearance of a Saviour one who would tenderly preserve life in stead of destroying it. In this announce ment we cannot foil to see the mercy of God, This Saviour had long been the subject of prophesy. Nut long after our first parents had sinned by their disobe dience in eating the forbidden fruit, tbe promise of a Saviour was given. The seed of tbe woman, i.e., Christ, was to bruise tbe head of tbe serpent— that old serpent who beguiled our first parents. From that time onward he was fre fiently mentioned by tbe prophets ; and not always by the name Saviour, by some one equivalent to it. He is spoken of as the Salvation of Israel; the Re deemer, and the Lord our Righteousness. When he was bom, when he came into the world, those prophecies concerning him ? had their complete fulfilment. Many of .the Lord's saints had earnestly longed to see him— had waited patiently .for hts appearance. Hence we find one saying, 'I have waited patiently for thy Balvation; O Lord.' And another says, 'Oh that tbe Salvation of Israel would «N-me Wrt of Zion.'— Oeii. 49th, 16th; ftTj«ai. 7th. Old Simeon, too. was an ,??? y^aief'Wio halted for the Saviour, and, ; . , *Xr}ftgR-ft*MghtorWm, he was ready to :0f*EBW3^weftwni this world. All MmmiW^*}™*!* for the coming 111 i^toromlsedSaviour, as Christians KHMM When the iecreta of IB HK f fwealed, and when plte^^aoTaTmibfl completed. He IfSffilm^tbewoiid. 'Unto you is |BPr#t Jnlb the world in f^HMlipa Mwy'fl tulf time came. ?Hi son. Bis appearance in the flesh was but evidence that be was tbe Saviour. All are not born kings or deliverers ; Jesus was born a Saviour. He waited not ou manhood's years to become one — he was born oue. Claudius Lysias in his conversation with the Apostle Foal, told him that he had obtained the freedom belonging to a Roman citizen by paying a great sum of money, but, says Paul, I was free-born. He was bora a freeman. Some become deliverers of their people or country when they come to years of maturity, but Christ was a Saviour at birth— a bora Saviour. How unlike a Saviour he appears as he lies ou bis mother's breast ; be looks but a help less babe— a Bowmen of human frailty, and the embodiment of weakness. Though seemingly so weak and help less, then— even then— he was the mighty Deliverer who was to come, and that power then dwelt iu him which was to shake the kingdom and powers of dark ness to their very centre. It is quite true that, as man, or, as possessing human nature, he had to grow and de velope till the time came wheu he was to put forth bis mighty power as a Saviour ; but, even when a child, he was carrying on his work of salvation. His being born— becoming a child — constituted part of those means which were made use of by htm for the accomplishment of the de liverance he came to work out. It was specially as :i Saviour from guilt and the power of sin that he was burn into the world. This he did, by bearing the guilt of sin himself — by submitting to its penalty. Moses was sent by God to bring bis people out of the land of Egypt ; Joshua to bring them into the country of Palestine ; but Jesus was bom into the world to accomplish a deliver ance mightier far than this, i.e., from the power and guilt of sin. This no previous deliverer could do, and therefore lie came into the world to do it. He was born in that town or city prophesied —namely, in the city of Betlileliem. Micab. speaks thus of the place : ' But thou, Bethlehem Ephratah, though thou be little among the thousands of Judith, yet out of thee shall lie come forth unto me, that is to be ruler in Israel, whose goings forth have been of old from everiastiue.' — Micah. 5th and 2nd. Iu this city David was born, and Christ being the son of David, according to the flesh, it was proper that he also should be born there. But, se cond, Who this Saviour is ; He is Christ the Lord. He ia the Lurd's Anointed. Prophets, priests, and kings, in the Ojd Testament times, were anointed with oil, or ointment, when set apart to their sacred office. By this means, or cere mony, they were consecrated, but they were but types of Christ, who was conse crated to the offices of prophet, priest, and king by the anointing, not of oil merely, but by the Holy Ghost. This anointing is spoken of iu Isaiah Cl, 1st : 'The spirit of the Lord God is upon me, because tbe Lord hath anointed me to preach good tidiugs unto the meek.' The spirit was given to Jesus without mea sure, and it is generally understood that he received the anointing of the spirit when coming out of Jordan River, after being baptised. Ry this, he was formally set apart to the work of salvation, and, we may say, 'twas this which duly quali fied him for it. It is because of this anointing that his people share in it. When Aaron was anointed with the oil of consecration, it would appear from the 133rd Psalm, that it went down to the skirts nf his garments; so docs the oil (if the Holy Spirit descend from Christ upon all his people — the smallest as well as the greatest. This is a proof that we are Christ's. ' If any man nave not the Spirit of Christ he is none of his.' It is true, however, that everyone who has his spirit is his. But lie is Lord, as well as being the Christ. This name in the Old Testament generally stands for Jehovah or the self-existent one— the great I Am. As applied to Jesus, it evidently points him out as the mighty God, the Maker of Heaven and Earth and all things, and this he is. He is equal with the Father, he is Emmanuel— God with us. This fact make* him an almighty Saviour — one nble to save to the utter most all that come to God through him. This very fact, that he was Lord or Jeho vah, qualified him for being a Saviour from sin and its guilt, and this it is which still enables him to save. No power can hk resist. When lie wor/ict/j none can hinder. But, third, fur whom was Christ bum a Saviour 1 That angel messenger who brought the tidings of great joy, and which would be to all people, announced that he was born to them.- 'For unto you is bum this day, in the city of David, a Saviour.' This must be understood us meaning no more than that those shcDhcrds had an interest in the Saviour, i.c, so far as they were concerned. The Saviour was born to them, and through the exercise of faith in him they would be saved— they would find him both ready and willing to save them. The announcement bad a meaning more extensive stilL Christ was born a Sa viour not merely for those few shepherds who were tending their sheep -m the plains of Bethlehem, but for the Jewish und also the Gentile nations. This is abundantly evident from statement*; made of him before he came to this world, and also from what he says of himself. In Isaiah, God the Lord is represented as speaking of Jesus thus : ' I, the Lord, have called thee in righteousness, and will hold thine hand, and will keep thec and give thee for a covenant of the people, for a light --f the Gentiles, to open the blind eyes, to bring out the prisoners from the prison, and them that sit iu darkness out of the prison-house.'1— Isaiah 42, 6 and 7. Then Jesus says of him self: 'The Son of Man is come to save that which is lost' (Matt., 18th chap., 11th v.) From these passages it is clear that the Saviour is born into the world not for a few but for many, not for any particular nation, but for nil nations. He came to seek and save the lost—his jost sheep— wherever wandering^. Christ is a common Saviour, a Saviour for all nations and peoples, for high and low, for rich and poor. My dearfellow sinners, Jesus isaSaviour born for you; he came into the world just to save such as you. I am right glad to be tbe bearer of such news to you— that which the angels made known to the humble shepherds of Bethlehem— and to press the announcement npoii you for your hearty acceptance. Be not afraid that Jesus is not a Saviour for you ; com mit yourselves into lib bands, and you will find that he is not only willing to save you, but well able to do so, seeing he ia Christ the Lord. Bat fourth, when this announcement Was made-: It was wade mVwAmM our Lord's birth ?ft about the middle of the 4th century, and after the council held at Nice, in Bithynia, for the settlement of the Anan controversy. The Fathers before this council seemed to have regarded the 25th or 26th of April as the day on which our Lord was born. Augustine, who lived in the 4th century, states thut Christmas was neither derived from apostolie usage nor sustained by any general council. We are told also that, while tbe Western Church or Western por tion of the Christian Church kept the 25th of December as the day on which Christ was born, the Eastern portion of it kept the 10th of January. These facts I mention to show that we cannot affirm that tlie day on which the angel made the announcement of the Saviour s birth was the 25th of December. The particular day, however, or of what particular month, is of little importance. The Ante-Nicene fathers showed great indiffereuce about it Had it been of auy great moment, I believe it would have been given us in tut Hible. Whatever day it might be on which our Lord was born, all its interest and importance hangs nn the glorious fact associated therewith. The day, as a day, marked an epoch in the world's history. It was the day which marked the end of that scries of ng3S which were to elapse before thccomiiig of Christ, the mighty and glorious Saviour of the world, and the com mencement of the time when his kingdom should be sbt up on earth. A day it was, too, which marked the fulness of time. Hence we read, ' But when the fulness of time was conic God sent forth his sou, made of a woman, made under the law, to redeem them that were under the law, that we might receive adoption of sons.' This day, then, whatever month it belongs tu, is one of the most glorious and blessed that the eartli has ever known. A great and a good day it was for the earth, when the sun— that mighty orb which rules the day— was placed in the heavens by the omnipotent and creative hand of God. But greater and better still the day which wituesscd the entrance of Christ the Lord into the world, who is the sun of rightiousness, and whose light gives life. Darkness brooded everywhere over the moral world till he came, and chaotic confusion reigned. Light, life, and order commenced when the blessed Saviour was born iu the City of David. That day the world's salvation was com menced (if we might so say) in real earnest, and from that day it went on till it had accomplishment on Calvary's Cross. If we know not the month or day of the Saviour's birth, we know that the fact we have stated took place, and that it was the day iu which God was mani fested in the flesh. That au angel should have been sent, the very day on which our Lord was born, to announce the fact to the shepherds, seems to indicate that it was the wish or will of God that men should know at once that salvation had come nigh them, that the long looked-for and promised Saviour had come. He would not hold back from his lunging and hoping creatures the good news, but at once despatches nn angel with the news of the arrival of the Messiah, a Saviour to them and the whole world. My dear brethren, we be lieve that this is still the will of our God and Father. He does not wish you to re main ignorant of the fact that there has been born toyou, in the city of David, a Saviour, Christ the Lord. He would have you know at once this and every other glorious truth contained iu his Gospel. It is also his will that the benighted heathen, still ignorant of these glorious truths, should know them, and that all his people should do what in them lies to carry that knowledge to them, either by giving themselves to the work, or sending others U- do it. The great fact of a Saviour being born into the world ought to be remembered with great joy and gratitude, with that love and thankful ness of heart which God and his Christ require. There are some who keep what is called Christmas in a way which dues dishonor to both— if., to God and his Christ- and show they have no right conception what the festival commemo rates. All God's people should earnestly and thankfully remember the Saviour's birth, not only on that particular day, but all days iu their life ; and do all they cau to make others understand the full significance and value of this eventful time. Let us all remember how much we owe to tlie birth of j-ur Saviour, as well as to Ins death, resurrection, and interces sion. 