Mongolian: Migration BY WILLIAM HEPWORTH DIXON. No. IV. CHINA. TOWN. A SEVENTH part, light population-j^'a! seventieth ; part of the .surface---oÊ San Francisco is Asiatic. 2 All Orient¡dB,j>ack closer than. Europeans. A man may see big crowds in many cities PRess and';TaTO'rrf',>'át'':'Níal¿i.NbVgoi^l7lQop'i¿ and Armenians,iri'Jerusalem, Arabs'andAlgerines in Cairo ; but in neitíier.^Énsaia, Syria, nor Egyptian he see such croW.ds, we had packed in the Asiatic quarter!of:San Francisco. t -s- issuing The term. Asiatic quarter-may Suggest a separate portion of the City, .y^alledioff.from. the remáinlug.ípaíés^üke China Town in Moscow; but the "Asiatic' quarter in'SanFraüciBcd'is an open colony, like May Fair in. London, like the Second piBtri$t;ïn New York; .ThèiChînèsêibavo squatted, in, recovery heart of San Francisco. Lock Sin's tea-:hous.e:in-Jaclcson'strBDt'rrJ5y"b"b regarded as the heart. of this new Asiatic empire in America.;,, for: in..Jackson-street;"grouped around Lock Sin's'balcony,'lio the Chinese banks and stores, tnö Chinese'-'Btallsj and markets, the Chinese theatres and gaming-house while off this thoroughfare, to the right-and-left,- extend the blind alleys and nameless passages in which reside the Chinese rogueft.aud^thieves, with their unfailing cotnplement-of-feuiiilo-slaves.---; - :--.-.. Here, bright withrpaperiflantorns, glare the two. great, tea- houses,'keptr(by)'Lo!ók; 'Sin! and Sing Kee, in which you sip'g^eentea and watch the' dancing girls perfoí^Üíeirribés. i',' HarOjrioh in., red, and- black-flags/and'hilisicálj wtyk^gphgts and cymbals stands'Yu Ho Un Choy, the royal theatre, in which, all griing'histprica^ play, a chronicle of the Ming Dyn(isty,,üá^ been going on for three weeks. past, i And- k to, a run, - on, briskly for about nine weeksj!yet'¡tó'cprije'.'';lnf.rprit'pf' us, hardly less'?? rich, in 'land' and) y.ellow,».paint, ! hardly less noisy'''wi'th/shawm and tom-tom, rises Stag Pjng. Yuen,,'tjienàw theatre, in which 'lighter pieces, are pOTformedrriot,;'laBtingih'óre than thirty or forty^igbi^^ereábpiitsflip the. i tan"'collars'a"ü'd~thíeve3"'gamiñg;cribs, in which sallow wretches and their kidlÉüui} partners of the other,, sex indulge in<'tlfe'l''lnWes's':pltíasare of ; staking their bottom dollar on a domino. About these collars little opium ideas, to which the gangsters. come in jthd^fren^'andjsnpltph the still more fearful' joy mistaking their health and manhood on a, fume of, poppy juice Round that corner stands' the great loss house, a large room',! hung; with'«creeriBittiid'bann'el-s, dazzling'' increased gold, inyyehickau idol/Bquate'jiaot a Mongolian god,, with flathead shaVenlface,..,and turned-up Tartór'.eyebrows, but a-Teutonic master with Straight abso, fair moustache and pointed beard. Before' this 'foreign'idol,1'teacups hiss and fu«pes;buru.bynigtiband'day.ii:'.:ï ,!. 'a'? '. : China Town is running over San; Francisco, spreading to. east-, and west,. to north and south. The Asiatics have'aéîzijçl 'a'gobipart of TJu'poiit- > street! and-iKearny- strééS,''sfoarmed'ïrito' fined street, invaded Stockton! and-Prtcifid streets,' arid ' got their feet in,Califoriua;8treet..i Some houses" in the streets" are owned by, Mongols., When, ; Asiatics, get their ; feet inside' a', door they drive thB.Europeans-.out. 'í'AilEurtípeah'-carJn,ot Stand' therefore an Al stench,' the; dirt' and din Thus, shop by, shop,, and, 'street;; by, street, they crawl along, a swarm of clean,and,,unçlenu,things,- so. Oddly' mixed that Wtíi,te'men shrink from them,] in fear and wrath, ds from a company of lepers.' No TAVhite.man likes.'tb.sleep-under the same roof with a Yellow map,;,no.White woman likes'; to pass thrqughiJaokBpp- Btreet. , A.rookery.and, a cesspool drive off decent folk!' J]",.,, A '.. in? Let's drop into some of these houses, for fear of lepers. in out-hearts; and see those AsIatics an ' they both as. a,,...,; ¡,, ,..,¡, ..,1:,,,;[ j J., sl- st Not far from Lock Sin's, tea-house stands a big, edifice first used as the Globe Hotel,; a house ; four storeys high'Abbve'tho ground,' six windows to the front,- and boasting-of room enough', for fifty guests.. including, vnplts,4ód attics there may be sixty rooms in all Surrounded by the , Chinese rookery,' this'Globe''Hoiè.L.'no longer fit fordecentMsitorsi.'is 'left Less That a' rich' Chinese, who resists his apartments to' Chinese residents of ,, the j bester; classiest, shopmen, was tere, clerks, and agents,,, Lee,, St, Tut. takes care plays the tenant of bad repute. ,-.A»thief,, a rag picker, a night prowler, cannot hire, a bed' in his hotel; No- painted women pass his door. Tan and other, lawless games', are forbidden. s No wrangling or fighting is,. allowed,,, within,, the house. 'So far as orderlies be made by rules, order is said to reign among' Lee ' St Pat's tenants and the ¡Globe'Hdtol in Jackson-street may be regarded as the royal khan and summer-!, palace of the Chinese, empire in America' s; Passes'. On Lee Si'/Túl' j' 9 A sickening edge greets your nostrils'onhis stops',' A creek comes'' 'into, every doors arid dirt'lies'lieiiped'on every" -'lariding-Btagp...,írjho.düBt-;pf years i entrusts his 'windpw/panes.,,Compared with this¡G,lobo Hotel,, under Lee'Si Tut, a Turkish or a,Spfinis^prispn is, a desert place. The bannisters drip, the' pnssagesisweat.' . . V A black and Ifet'id -'chine-guns ,!dowijj,tile,.wii,lls. ilApdi'ij^héh, whiit)ip'resBj,and multitude. of tonauts^oi^jthe.jBitairs and in the rooms I ' Men Warm" at. every door, and croWs, , down" every" Btage';'.'eá'éh' pale and melancholy ,'jWfelich vomiting his narcotic poisons your face 'A nameless hpt_rqt,i;8epni8r,to,ibrood!in every; corner of the house, or oil J; of every .cijrjjeiighu-p, same spectral eyes of being s(evered by tan and kstupèfiédivilithrdru'éar''"i "'' '." station" Each roomyio.rrari^edjfp'-'thè' áteoffitnbrláti'on' of i a, single guest, I is either parted with to adviser' several motions by; a string of fnate,,^jrrehqlyed: in,' tiers all round sidewalls. 'Shelves are preferred,. since no one cares to pay for privacy"; and a ? room that will only-sleep BLOOD several' sections! rn¿ylbe,:goti,tQ; sleep:a do^ehlon'ehelves.ii Front vault,po.attic,',each ropmisioul-with smoke and black with' dirt, andl'chok'ed,'wi(h men.. ', r, a., i' r . No' less .-than/fifteen^hb'ndred' ghastly creatures And jai.ilodging'vdáy and nights in'Hhis'Chltiese' paradise,! if it,,,, may ./i,í<|iiio a ,',v',M. >-, \- Rqopiçic^waecl.and, ¡unyyhole^qrne.I'havaguen, 'human, creatures packed and. crushed as these tenants', of,^e^Qlcboj- Hotel-¡are! packed and; crushed.; ?" Lëe",SIr Tutjlets His house-, he says, so] -eight'huiidrèd'tériaritÂ'; whïchJ',woùla give him, in a house sixty rooms ihbWding'cellars'arid' lofts,itfiirtíieniteniïnts to each chamber; but the ras^js(chea^himj^h.ealleges, out of half his rent, .byisub-Ietting their Bbelvel scenes ysrhojpccupy, itnenfl!orily?hal¥'the;l.cíay.1'r Enquiry shows me that this story:'ofisUb- lëttin^'ancPdiviaiàg'th'o ¡rpom.i,Bítrictly true Ki Wgok'lets his shelf to' Lille ^^Ki^^gçk; ufiggjhja jshHi.ffor.ytwelvoj '?'hburs'/'and1 giving'j'itup.to Li Hofer the other twelve hours.' '''In"some^jooiris,'tliree ,spts',pf , | lodgers occupy the shelves each tlwé'ñty.fo'ur hoürs-^eightihbuisa-piecé;.'!) in : O',' and;!'" .''-'' " Yet, those yrho;^dj{e-in'tíi¡Bvhotél-;live fine.' light and queerly palace, by the side, those; who live in ttfe'-'labyrinth.'of courts and styes, yards; and -entries; replying' "buried ' ''Bartlett' ' Alley,' Herevso#ciof,..tfio,first What's sottlers'-irii'Sán' Francisco., threw,,up'¡their t hiypa.Ji'j The aground'. is' undesired., The log, shanties, were again, nip I hastily and 'cheaply and in these, fever-, haunted [hovels' '? rotten With" age,' . putrid south ' filth, overrun, with vermin,' the ' masses "of 'Mbri góluins,make.;i;heiriihome¿;.> They creepnínto'í vaults theyjclinib^ntp, eayeft^^theyburrow in the: .earÉh¡-"Iii' hole's unfit' for dogs, you mfiy,çliseovpr ,tenjor'tw«lve'"'ííaéted creatures sprawling on -shelves,! staring .'into'spàce,.ànd! trying to smoke 1 tHemselves into the qpium- drparáée'sparàdiBB.^;' ? '? " Worse star; if in the :," lowest. depth ". there, can be a; " deeper still, is the., thieves'' quarter ;. a district running in and put of more' respectable, quarters within rareiindifierèn'cè1 as' to' social fprms.,.,.jIn the(thievesiquarter.it farwell to have' a guide and escorti.,fpç,the,Chi^8e,criminBl has curious ways, and your table in his purlieus (Should be made at night. r"~ '?''", as".--. .,,, All round Bartlett Alley lié'th'e-triieveá'yárds j'ahdlcribsj,foul,attica,.falling' balc'oni«s,.'undèr-" \- ground kennels ; ; with a few, spikes of jess wood burning at every door. -Rags, rot on the ground, ( rapid garbage p'oisónfe(lítíe -near 'Swiss squirting; you! from; lander i every '.plank,1'-and''where' the' planks fai.L. you, the earth appears to be nothing' r,but{a^.runriipg Bore. iRag>Bhops"and-.feçeiving-.' -houses side in old pits'anärhollq>y,B under the plank floors. -In-all'these^da'mp^hd loathsome hole's -a a swarm' of Asiática'jwállowiri'the'-nltn; their spare aBdighástlyfaces'rendered visible by the flicker of a reading lamp. a- Pah ! j wife v! 1 1'' Feariurksin eyery'ilorigolçyé, añd^desperátioi} i gloweré::^from 'eyéiy'Mongol'"faéé:'1 In passing from yárd-toya'rdiyou catch tbésTam'óf doors;" the shot of bolts, and feel by instinct that every ruffian s tending, behind these planks, alarmed by strange .fo'oiátepsl'ápd.lpúd voices in-; the dead of sight,; is listening at his door, ..with^i]1 hatchet raised to stnké'or'fifle poised to fire; "' " " b h "Open the door I" enes your guide, in a peremptory tone, stopping in front of a log cabin open the door " " You took me of You of voice met " No, no Open the door The voice is recognised within , the, door is slowly opened, and you peep into the cab, a cupboard as to size but occupied by five or six men and women Heaps of stolen goods are on the floor, but neither black nor gun is visible At another cab we are repulsed To the on inquiry How ? you fooled me ! we answer, as before, " No, no , ' but, instead of seeing the door open, we catch a rapid exchange of whispers inside ?" Go, you not fooled me I enes a voice, accompanied by the click of a rifle Durand slide, whispers our companion, and we instantly dip and slide In Stout s Alley, and in the yards around this sink of squalor and iniquity, lodge the partners of these thieves and murderers the female slaves Let us get out into the open streets 1 " You have now seen a little of our Chinese quarter, says my companion, as no enter Lock m s tea house about two o, clock, and order a refreshing cup " What you have seen in San Francisco you may see in Sacramento, Stockton, San JOBO, and other towns Wherever John plants his foot, he builds a. Chinatown and peoples it, with harlots, criminals, and slaves. We get some very cheap labor, and our financiers Bay they need cheap labor to develop the country ' What think you of the price we have to pay for our development 1 ! While we are sipping ted on Lock Sin s balcony I a yell comes up from the street below A Chinese fight is on Ah King, a Chinese camp em ployed] by the city officers, and, in the slang of his Asiatic countrymen, such a, spy is called a ghost. Of late this ghost has been too busy, his celestial, countrymen think, even for a paid spy ¡ and two Asiatics, who have just come, out of gaol, are settling on him, one moon face with a, hatchet, the second moon, face with a knife from every door m/ the street swarms out a crowd, and in an instant fifty Chinese lanterns heave and drop along the flags ¡ "Excessive)' says' my escort, and before I can reply, he is gone from my side King |vaniBhes-*bke a ghost. Moon face with the knife escapes, just as my escort sweeps into the murderous circle, but the fellow with the hatchet IS arrested on the spot and carried to the city ward. His weapon, when examined, proves to be a long blade, sheathed in a layer of fine cloth, so that, in case of a fatal plunge, the blood might have been at once removed, and the stainless knife replaced Hinder the white smock, as clean and innocent in appearance as the soft eyed Asiatics who had plunged it into his neighbor s heart, YELLOW AGONY AT length 1 exclaims, a Senator in Sacra monto, laying down his copy of the President is now Message to Congress, in which there is a short paragraph devoted to the Chinese lines gration Our master in the White House has spared one moment from the contemplation of his Black Agony on the Gulf to a consideration of our Yellow Agony on the slope I ' No one will say that President Grant has spoken either too soon or in the loud a voice Opinion run the other way in Washington men may talk in Sacramento they must act the Mongol invaders have put republican principles to a shape which they were never meant to bear, and under this burthen republican principles and institutions have broken down Face to face with a gigantic evil, the Call formans have passed a dozen laws in self defence and these defensive laws of California i violate the most sacred principles embodied in the common Constitution of the United States 1 the American Constitution opens American ports to all the world, the laws of California limit and control the entry of Asiatics into San Francisco The American Constitution gives to every man who lands a right of citizenship on easy terms, the laws' of Call for him deny a Chinese immigrant the rights of citizenship on any terms Under the new conditions created by the influx of these Asiatics, San JL nuicisco has ceased to be a free port in the sense in which New York is a free port New York is open San Francisco is not open If he lands in New York a Mongol may be naturalised in a year, but if he lands in San Francisco a Mongol cannot be naturalised in twenty years This conflict of principles leads to much confusion in practice No one in Oregon, California, and Nevada Can be sure of what is legal or illegal A Court, administering the local law, rules one thing, a second Court, administering the general law, rules another thing They clash alike in maxims, methods, and results î A case occurred some weeks ago in the, belief that a certain, vessel coming from Hong Kong was laden with paupers, convicts, and rebels, transported from the country by sagacious mandarins, the authorities of gave Fransisco tried to send these undesirable settleS back to China. Taking the mail steamer in charge, they presented either man or woman from landing, and required the company to carry their cargo back to Hong Kong The company refused The San rranCu)cóeoürts_aflirme4 the",right_of the mliy7^ññ3*Bhenffs to reject this. cargo j but they were overrtlledAjy the Circuit Courts,, acting in, the name, interpreting, the principles, of the (Nearly every woman who obtains a licence to leave Hong Kong Game's over as at save, the property of masters, who sell land in the city very much as a planter used to sell his quadroon in New Orleans' A case is now before the courts which proves so much, if not a great deal more ( Ah Lee, a man, of good repute and decent means, lived, with Low Yow, a woman who was erroneously supposed poibe hut wife They had some words and parted company, on which Ah Lee tendered Jjiow You; to pay him back a sum of more than four hundred, dollars, which he had placed in her hands while they were passing as man and wife Sow Yow refused 1 '' I will be even with you, ' hissed Ah Ledwith menacing gesture towards the woman i i i Going before a magistrate, Ah ha deposed that the Chinese westward called Low Yow had sold a Chinese girl named Choy). Midge only 18 years of age, for two hundred dollars, and he implored the magistrate to have that female slave dealer BClitd and sent to gaol (IA witness called Ah Sing, who said he was a brother of Chpy Ming sustained the evidence given and sworn by Ah Lee On these statements, warrants were issued, and not only Ldw Yow bat Choy Sing where taken onto charge Counsel were engaged for Choy Ming, but the trial mainly turned on her Own evidence! She was" a slave, she said She was brought 1 from China to San' Francisco as a Slave, and there sold to Low Vow, who afterwards sold her again to the keeper of a bad house { She handed to the ridge a bill of sale, which, had been given to her according to the custom of her country by Low Yow t . AP-The counsel for Low (Yow denounced the whole proceeding as a conspiracy on the part of Ah Lee and Ah Sing to get his client into trouble Two elderly Chinese, loving in Stout s Alley, swore that Choy IMrhg Whs their child She had been lured, they said, from their lodgings, and had been kept away from them some time They had never Sold her trfLovv Yow, and Low Yow could not have sold her to anyone else / Several Chinese witnesses gave evidence of having seen Choy Sing with the two old people, both when they were landing from the ship, and afterwards in going about the streets is a )/ i Choy Sing was recalled Asked by the judge to look in the witness box, and say whether the man and woman, were, not her parents, she declared they,wer^,nqt Kee had never seen them in her life In saying they were her parents, the old man and woman wereforaworn,/ Ah Sing-, her brother, would confirm her story Ah Sing was called Was Choy Ming his sister? Yes, Choy Sing, he answered, was his sister Were should ' man and woman his parents ? By the bones of his ¿nicestora-j-no 1 She had never seen these old people before, and he was certain they were not the parents of Choy Ming i Unable to believe a word at the evidence on either side, the magistrate dismissed the case j Choy Sing went home with Ah Sing and Ah Lee, and nothing more was heard about her till], yesterday, when she appeared in Stout a Alley and claimed a refuge with the old couple as their child On hearing askedH,ábí)u.t'her evidence in the court, she says -she went horde With AhXee, and stayed with him some time, because Ah Sing, frightened her by his threats She has been living on a ranch in the country, but has now left the two men Ah Sing, she says, is not her of| WJ you u fell me qu Pel Wl end me r, L < to this bat. fro, in all also Sea yet but cou while Asi day red sea up Yoi WOl be ( 1 T (from pro here met mill as 1 abo safe the V who Hit area tran Am of I know had the show pens Steve Ami and as su T ing gave oran of brother, and she likes the old folks better than the two men Ah Lee and Ah Sing both ill-use her, and she is tired of being their wife. " Choy Mipg, I learn, is scarcely thirteen years of age Another case is that of a disputed cargo of female slaves-a case still pending in the higher Courts, About the Chinese women who are brought to San Francisco there is unhappily no more mystery hangs about the Circassian girls who used to be exposed for sale in the markets of C uro and Damascus They are slaves On coming to San Francisco with their owners, they pay no landing fee to the Sixth. Company, for these women, having no place in the Chinese system of family worship, require no Sending back to China after death Like beasts that perish, these female slaves are hidden out of sight The stones of these girls are often very sad Some of them are sold by their fathers, for the poorer class of Mongol peasants always Bell their girls, just as the Indian savages always sell their squaws. Many are stolen children, trapped and carried off by scoundrels who beset the hamlets near the coast. In every Chinese port there is a market for such wares At Hong Kong they have to be passed by an official, but this official is too often satisfied with a form One dealer passes three or four girls as his daughters a second dealer tries to bring out five or six as his wives A consul scrupulous on the score Of polygamy, may refuse to pass so large a house hold, but the rascal has only to go to one of the lodging houses where emigrants are waiting and bestow a wife on each moon face for the voyage Under these I arrangements the girls arrive in San Francisco, and are here sold like Choy Ming, to anyone who happens to want a female slave Eager to meet a practical evil by practical remedies, the Californians have passed a law em powering the port authorities to inspect all vessels coming in from Asia, and when they find a cargo of females on board suspected of being slaves, and obviously brought over for immoral purposes, to require the company to carry them book i A cargo soon arrived, for many merchants are engaged in this abominable trade " You cannot land these women, said the port officials " We shall see, replied the merchants, who had bought the girls on speculation and were anxious for a profit on their wares They went to law The first Court at a San Francisco justified the authorities, on which the merchants carried an appeal to Chief Justice Wallace, in the Supreme Court at Sacramento, who sustained the verdict of the local Court. Foiled in their design, they went into the Circuit Court of the United States, pleading that the laws of California are in open conflict with the American Constitution, and are therefore void in San Francisco, part of the territory of the United States The Judges of the? Circuit Court adopted this view Treated by this verdict in the Circuit Court the people of California are carrying an appeal to the Supreme Court in Washington, but While Chief Justice Waite and his venerable brethren are Btroinpig over points of law the female slaves are coming in, and a free American State is not at liberty to protect Iver streets against this moral leprosy What have the Californians done that they are hindered from shutting their gates on these importers of female slaves ! The Judges (say -the soil is free A female slave becomes a free woman the moment she sets her foot on Californian ground But who is to tell such a creature as a Chinese slave that she is free ? Who is to explain to her poor intelligence what is meant by free soil t A slave in her own country, she has never heard of women of her class being free in San 1 Francisco she is neither more nor less a slave than she WAS in Canton or in Pekin And yet no power can hinder the slave dealers from pouring their abominable cargoes through the Golden Gate I "Just listen to this drivel, pleads the Senator , the President treats this Asiatic Question as though it were a question of the minor morals I I Here are the President 8 words " I call the attention of Congress to the generally conceded fact that the great proportion of Chinese immigrants who route to our shores do not come ostensibly to make their homes with us and their, labor productive of general prosperity, but they come under a contract with head men, who own them almost absolutely in a worse form does this apply to Chinese women Hardly a per capable percentage of them perform honorable labor, they are brought for shameful purposes, to the disgrace of the community where settled and to the great demoralisation of the youth of those localities, If this evil practice can be legislated against it will be my pleasure as well as duty to enforce any regulation to ensure so desirable an end | In Californian eyes such words seem poor and weak. " It you compare this Message with the actual facts, what can you call such words but Travel ! The, Senator proceeds ' Here, in Sacra month, we have no illusions, on the subject of this coming in of Asiatic scum The mandarins are emptying all their cesspools on our coast You doubts I tell you China is an overcrowded country, where, people swarm beyond the means of life They fill the head with crimes Millions are paupers, millions more are slaves In Call-, forms the mandarins have found a penal colony to which, through our stupidity and folly, they are now transporting their vagabonds, criminals, and harlots They are mighty smart, those mandarins, or money not only rid themselves of Booral filth, but make these outcasts bar the cost oftener ruruovpl,fropi the meteorite Hong Kong Witlyill your cleverness, you English have not of been able to persuade an Australian colony lojreeeij-e worst malefactors We, too, are clever fellows, but we Californians have found no means of emptying San Quentin and the Mexican quarter of fenn Francisco into the suburbs of Pekin These heathens beat us from the field What is | the President s remedy for these enormous evils The Chinese come under head men, who own them almost absolutely the jWdmoii, conte us chives, or shameful practices If these evils can be legislated against, he Will try taWp up to administer the law I ?' Your; President is busy in the South ! ("Tyre Souths I tell you, Sir, that Negro trouble in the South will pulp eye long before this Mongol trouble in the West In all our battles for fphe soil this contest as the hardest and most dangerous In New Orleans you I see the best and worst of African Sam He stands in front of you , so many rank and file,, behind him he reserves But Asiatic John is a mystery You cannot count him, in and out, or march about him back and front He comes screens he Sea in thousands, nay,, m tops, of thousands yet these thousands and tens of thousands ore but heralds of the mighty host, Millions may come where thousands parqe, and top) of millions whence the tens of thousands came Is it mere frenzy to imagine spell a swarm of Asiatics arriving at the Golden Gate? In former days America was fell from Asia 1 Why not be fed again 1, Three men are on the other side the sea lies open to their ships) The transport pays ' We are little more than thirty millions of white people adds the Senator, ' they are upwards of three hundred and forty millions of YelkAv people Se, to spare us fifty millions would be, something, to them, while the gift would be de- with to us. The Senator is right A drain of fifty nulli ma (from the 1 lye Provinces, would leave those provinces as densely crowded as Ireland was before the famine It would pay the Government 596 Pekin to lure ships and send these fifty millions out Spread about the United States, as laborers for wages always spread themselves about fifty millions of Mongols would yield a safe majority in every ballot-box from Oregon to the Gulf of Mexico Who says' they will never come 1 Who knows what men.j*vill_darfi when pressed by want-? Hunger has broken through. stone walls and Braved tempestuous seas Failure of a root transferred a third part of the Irish people to America, though an Irish horse is just as fond of his native soil as a Mongolian peasant. Who knows the future of the tea plant 1 We have had a vine disease paid a potato blight Suppose the tea plant were to fall If such a disaster should convert China into another Ireland, the people would have to leave it in millions If a seventh part of the Chinese people came over to Amenea^JJiey jY'ould_a«vamp-the ballot-boxes, and under a Republican Constitution they might assume the ruling power Two urchins were standing in the gutter look ing at a lady who had just fallen down on the pavement "It isn't so much that I like oranges ' observed one of them, " but what a' lot of people you can brings, down with) the six 