The proceedings of the Rockhampton Jockey Qub meeting, held last week, I read with pleasure, as it portends some excellent thingB for tile future. The list of sound and sub* gtantial names on the committee— headed by Oat of the able chairman, and climaxed by that of the indefatigable secretory— is amort judicious one. The new committee have plenty of hard work before them — such as many and varied improvements to the old course, or the*fonnation of a new one, the erection of » decent grand-stand, saddling paddocks, &c.; — that perfect nriantmity should exist during the period of their conipanions&ip;, andlhave no doubt they win largely enlist the co-operation of the public by the good feeling anddisurterestedness they win display. I shall expect to see in time the Bockhampton Jockey dub second to none in Ihe pruvinces. The report of the retiring committee is an ex ceedingly gratifying one. showing a ^law'* in band of over £70. The suggestion of a Mares' Produce Stakes is also well timed, and w31 give a greater interest to breeders and speen lators than heretofore, and the addition to flie amount of added money in the big handicaps in an earnest of coming attractiveness in the programme of events. Altogether, matters look *ery pteasast and hopeful. I need only cite the f ollowisg sales of blood stock at Toowoomba, last week, to advance the fact that the rearing of really splendid thoroughbreds wSQ not only pay. but leave a. splendid margin of profit : — Among the lots first brought tatheham—vwasthe black horse, Italian, so well known -a the compeer of Glen coe ; he passei into the hands of his former owner'sbrother forSSOguineas. Italian's nextof kin, Chuders, was sold to Mr. Lawlor for 275 guineas ; another faff brother to Italian, David, found a purchaser in Mr. James Williams at the tall figure of 340 guineas ; Lord of the Downs, by Lord of the Hpls, went to Mr. Kent for CS guineas ; Woodbine, a Lord of the HuTa mare, with an Italian foal at foot, should have been a good purchase for Mr. Clark ; the imported mare, Miss Cother stone, by Cotherstone, fell to the bid of tile Hon. James Taylor for 75 grnneas : Queen of Hearts, 40 guineas ; a two-year- old colt by Maribyrnong— Parasite, reached the fancy price of 310 guineas ; Rebel and Aboriginal were knocked down for 49 and 52 guineas respectively, little Tamho comes spiritedly to the front, I see, with a £100 handicap and £30 maiden plate as part of her pn^ramme to be ran for next June. Very goad indeed. Walflett, a pastoral township in K.S.VT., away In the interior on the Murray sees no reason why it should not pmniate the stirring deeds of Glen loses and Wagga Wagga. and give a thousand guineas a Cup Prize. Nothing like it, Wulgett. The gentleman glorying in the eery sporting -k»- ?betas* of 'Venison, who 'does tht, the turf' for the QmtemtUaOa; is making a very great clatter about the tremendous difficulties to meet in fiw^iiy an af^wpl*^1^ Secretary for H» Brisbane Jockey Club, un less they place lin salaiy on their estimates at once; and he kindly suggests what that salary shall be. I think the do veu hoof ratter peeps «nt here, sad 'Venison' might be in aocel to become the 'Perfect Cure' atffce salary he -o kindly suegegis. At -' ' Veni son,' now would ye? From rny little acquaintance with some of the sporting fzater- ! nity of Brisbane, I ean satisfy 'Venison's' anxious mind that no snch difficulty exists, for one gentleman alone— Mr. W. H. Kent, of TattertalTs Hone Bazaar— could graphically dehneare how the Mamuabidgee Turf dub and others rose to the proud eminence they now enjoy, for he himself had no inconsider able share in their inauguration. Let neb gentlemen as those be consulted, and they will soon find a way out of the maze. The Pride of the Buis pot is certainly be gmnitu; total very fast. £10.000 to £1000 about him for one of Hie largest handicaps in the colonies at this time, when tie weights are not ksswn : It does not look like the foresight and discretion that husbanded him to victory for the Great Champion. Ether bis selling price wants to be run ap enormously high, or the public are intended to be 'got at.' I shall most positively stake my half crown be is not placed in the nee after that, for tint's what the ghost of Johnny Higgerson tells old Veso. 