. THE ALDERSHOT GHOST.. For the past mouth 'says tho Tivws of April 28) tho Cump of Aldcrsuot lias bocu ulmost uightly visited by wlmt is intended to 'repre sent a ghost. Tho author of thoso practical jokes has up to tho present time osoaped ilo- loptiou, uuu lus doings havo boebmo tho pre vailing tuple throughout tlio Cump. Tho ob ject made its appearanco about four wooks ago to a privuto iu tho 19th Regiment, who wus on guard at tho North Cump. It wus midnight, uud tho ecutry porceiviug something udvauoing towards him gnvo tho usual ohnlluiigc, to which no reply was mado; Tho challougo was re peated, whoroupon tho would- bo ghost went dircot to the gentry-box, slapped the soldier sovoral timos in tho fnco, and boforo ho could rooovor from his confusion, mado oif across tho ootrimori ' with " "aBtoniehing ..bounds.;' The Soldiw, in bis exoitoment, loaded .his rifle, and fired, but missed bis aim. 'From ; hero tho ghost went towards .the; Military Comotery' and in a similar manner attempted to- frighten s private in tho 100th Regiment, . who' was on' guard by a powder magazine ; arid was again fired at, but without baiug hit. Nothing - was heard of tho ghost's movemonts uftor the above ndvonturos until about a tort- - , night since, when he suddenly pntiucod upon n privalo iu tho 69th Riflos. sentry by u powder mojriiiu near ihc liaaiugstoke Canal. It ttffMra'tliHt tlio gliostly visitor Bprnng on him ftrtiF behind and i'rdonvnred- to Knntcli nwny his rifle. A sharp struggle onsucd, wliioh ended by tbe soldier receiving a-pair of black eyes and losing his shako, whioh was found' next morning in tho canal. A few nights lutor a sentry by the Female Hospital, South Camp, wob discovered by a filo of tho guard on his post in a state of horror-striken alarm, and on beiug asked what wan tho mutter, pointed to a rotreatiug figure, which appeared to be a tall: man drcBscd in a tightly fitting white coat. This was understood to bo tho suppasod ghost, and a chnse ensued, but tho objcot distanced nil its porsuorB and was eventually lost to sight in 'some bushes. Tho bentry states that, ho was aooostcd the othor night in tho oamp by somo one with a mask, who informed him that be was the muoh-dreaded 'ghost, and liis objeot was to show tho nation how easily he could frighten the soldiers of tho present Jday. At first there (wns great oxcitemont in the amp, bat. this has cooled down. Not tho slightest eluo has been obtained as to who or what the daring individual is ; but it might be mentioned that a few nights ago a tall gentleman, carrying a carpot bag, was met by soma provost's and othors about 12 o'olook going into oamp. He was stopped, but on stating he was an oflloer thoy allowed him to proceed. It iB hardly probablo, however, that an oiilcor would have boon seen walking into camp at that hour (there boing no late train), or that ho would havo been currying a carpet bag: it is therefore not unreasonable to suppose I that had tbo provosts followed the porsonin question the Aldershot ghost mystery would havo been solved. 