Mr. Moody. An unusually good sketch of the Ameri-<*> can evangelistappears in the Independent, written by the Rev. Dr. Lorimer. The following extract deals with a fallacious theory common enough amongst a certain' class, of people in' this" coantry :-—Be- . 'c?n'Be' r Mr. Atoody is-what the schools would term an nslettcred tuanj . the singular impression has. obtained in. some quarters that there is no depth of thought in him and'no 'appreciation, of the importance of, intelloctnal prepara }tion for thcpnlpit Certain enthusiastic but unevenly balanced persons _ in dustriously whisper, through' religions societies, that the evangelist: is. not as other no book-learn ing and no sermon-studying for him to succeed; but accomplishes his work: solely by opening his heart to the Holy Ghost, and by opening -his lips, ;th?t they may speak-as the Indweller may give them utterance. TKat these: friends are correct in their opinion that ; the promised Comforter is with'? Mr. Moody I have not the least donbi. If wo may be allowed to judge from what is knotrn of his life and his success, we may safely conclude that, the' Spirit of God 19 upon him ; bnt we have neither right nor reason for saying or implying that this gift has been conferred in any exceptional way. He has received it as others hare and upon the. same., opndi—' tions" No modern prophet nor inspired' apostle speaks in his person. If other, men merely hive their natural.faculties and acquirements invigorated and directed by the Holy Ghost, not soper eeded, we are not warranted in supposing that a different and BT-p're marvellous aid in. vouchsafed the evangelist. . He cn jrfye-what other pious men enjoy—no more and no less—and I have never known him, or indirectly, to v intimate the contrary. friends may WiHeii loose gar&nga.; bat tiejr their common-sense, leader. pares for las pc]pit,?nd fore lie specks the metier oTSr It? coarse. The Intellect God h? jriZ? him h* makes the most of; seefctT? train, it- as. carefu?r as possible thd B an instrument ,it may be {£, *_ *B fitted to answer the janpose of fcl? Saviour. Hence, his sermons, Z* H mistekable evidences of his meatal B dowments and personal make-op. al I though they-are not always aeanWe I exporitionr, they are frequently pmTS gent, striking and powermL TW c- ? ragged, an * yet they display ? ekifl in the way thej ore'lights ? shaded by illustration and anecdote. Is-1 manj- respects .he Is a TOttJeriri I preacher, massing his thongfcfa b j I nmsterly manner and hurling .-ties I tempestuously against the enemies of ? God so as to curry the jndgment aii I conscience' by storm. Bat if say o( I your readers "snail - conclude thzt stub I preaching VTonld bo impossible from one I nnleamod unless he wok in a myate. I rionsly high sense iuspired, they ?eft. I find a remedy for their delusion in some I of tho ojrpoeitions of. Scripture, itili I which tho evangelist favours the people. I Xhey will discover that sercral iaUrl I pretattons will not staud the test of I criticism ; and we cannot Boppoea that 1 tho Holy Ghost would expound His 1 own Word in a bangling fashion or I lessen its authority by coiifnsisg its 1 meaning. I am the wore particular ia starting these views because the nnmeammd 'terms which arc employed Iα landing the cVnngelist carry with them a reflet tion injurious to the progress of Cliristim learning and perilons to the preserva tion of Ghristain sanity. Already it is whispered that theological seunnaric* fail to produce such men as Moody, and do not justify their existence- by lUeir fruits. Wild words are spoken regard ing tho necessity of a regular and or dained ministry. Its sitperflconsne&i; is vagnely liintcd at and its efficiency questioned. The idea is becoming somewhat prominent that the real and only means for the spread of the Gospel are far removed from thorough study and careful preparation for the pnlpit. "If ministers and laymen," it is said " would only surrender themselves in faith to God and be willing to speak as the Spirit should give them ntterance, all other preparation- would be unneces sary, and this would resnlt in most marvellous successes." In my view, those mischievous insinnalions tend -towards fanaticism—to something like a revival of the special error of the Illn minali, whose vagaries afflicted Ciiris tondom in 1575. The evangelist is not to be held accountable for this silly and pernicious twaddle. He has never, to my knowledge, countenanced snch ab surdities ;? but in Boston and in other communities there aro to bo found liierarchios of spiritnai aristocrats, vrho pretend to exceptional intimacy with the I Snprome Being, and who are giving currency to all sorts of Ineorics regard the life of faith, the perfection of the saints, and tho extension ol Christ's Kingdom, and, with them, to snch notions as T have specified. Unless tho rugged common sense of tho churches and the enlightened zeal of Christian editors kindly bnt firmly with stand and rebnke these misleading opinions, now in their infancy, they will obtain au unhealthy vigour, which must tell calamitously on the religions interests of America. . 