CAVE ADULLAM. [EFPLY.] To Sir Adolphua Great-gun, Esq., P.Q., Theophilus Bigwig, Esq., A.S.S., Demos thenes Bang, Esq., J P.. Aminadab Pump, Esq., and the 2317- electors of Middle Ward, who have signed the flowery-worded requisition inviting me to represent them in the Borough Council of Newcastle : GENTLRsRN,s-On the receiptoof your richly-illuminated requisition, I am free to confess that I felt myself overpowered at the magnitude of that sagacity which had led you to single ine out as your future alderman. In the words of the poet, "You might have gone further and have fared worse,"-but you wou'd have had to have gone a long way. Gathering from the eloquent verbal appeal which. accompanied the requisition-which docu ment I shall ever clierish, and hand down to my family as an heir-loom--(this hardly fits in here, being more suitable as an acknowledgment of the testimonial you will be certain to present me with wheh my term of service is eipired, but it will serve here to express tile agonised state of m'y fcelinlgs,) that you really consider me worthy of a seat in the hallowed Halls of Municipal Wisdom, I modestly consent to become a candidate for that cruelly slandered position. I know that in the eyes of many, my youth and inexperience may be deemed insur. mountable barriers to my election, or to my being any good if I were elected; but the most malicious of my detractors can never dony that" I have done all I could to get everything into a muddle that ever 1 clapped my hands on,-and this I be lieve to be one of the greatest qualifica. tions in an alderman. Of course there may be more aged and more plausible muddlers than myself; but Fx, or Pitt, or Buchanan, or Parkes, or M'Elh'nne, or what's his other name-I forget which was but a boy when he became Prime Minister; and nobody would..have thought, to lookat him, that he would have got things into iucl a glorious mud dle as he did. Therefore, I.timidly main tain that what one man has done for his country, another can do for the Newcaatle Borough Council-if he gets the ghost of a chance; and if not, why not ? I have no doubt some expression of my principles may be opportune at this period of my career, which I foresee will be a brilliant one, if nbt nipped in the bud. I may say, then, that I am a staunch ad herent of the Cheater policy, i.e., to get the road "sgin" my own door. I know that other people, who have doors as well as I, may object to this; but, gentlemen, I would ask you this plain question-What is the use of being an alderman if you get nothig for it ? Like Julius Csesar mourning over the dead body of Mark Antony's mother, I pause for a reply. He that is not. guilry, let himn, cast the first ballot paper into somebody else's hat mine is full. With respect to the little financial difficulties, which the Conncil is basely reported to be strugglipg through, I look lipon them as a mere bagatelle. My intimate connection with Baron Granit and the late lamented Mr. Sampson, the Emma Mine, and Lisbon railway swin dlea, will enable me to cook the accounts to a nicety, with the least possible notice. One of my maternal ancestors dealt for years with Orton's father, the Wapping butoher, and therefore my future ability and perseverance as a Claimant upon the Government for pecu niary help may readily be imagined. At the Council table, I shall feel at home, being always more at home at other people's tables than my own. The present style of debate cannot be surpassed, and the grand old system of How.-not-to-do-it, will find in me one of its bravest expbnents. I am proud to say that I have done nothing all my life, and its not likely I shall begin to do anything now I am going to be an alder man. In discussing the affairs of the City, I shall never 'be found wasting the time of the Council upon such trivial matters as a Water Supply, Public B.ths', the Cemetery and Sand Drift Questions, Sewerage, Dralisage, &c.;, which are being continually attempted to be thrust upon the aldermen's notice by a hireling Press or unwashed demagogues. No, gentlemen, these shall not divert me from the path of duty, but when the all important question of the .erection of a signboard, the cleansing of a gutter, or an hour's overtime to a struggling day labourer, are brought on the tapis-then, gentlemien, I flantter myself I -shall shine forth. I will never stand tamely by and see the privi. leges of the Council ruthlessly tirodden under foot. No rash barber; no ambitious hotel.keeper shall dare to hoist their signs; no kerbing shall be. made, nor gutter swept without the sanction of the Committee of the Whole ! Gentlemen, on these points, 1 am firm. Hesitation here would be dangerous, and lead to anarchy or the Hoptarchy, or some other key, which would result in a dead.lock, or our glorious Constitution might become a total wreck!. Gentle men, on these matters, I could dilate for ever; but I think you know your man and that I am fully capable of doing all' i promised; or else of finding a good excuse for not doing it. What' can a man do more'P In conclusion, gentlemen, I can only say that if you elect me, one of us will be sorry for it; as'I go into the Council free and unfettered, hut how I shall come out, I know not! If I come out alive, I shall be thankful. Municipal martyrs are soarce, but in all great movements, there must be a victim. Gentlemen, the bell has sounded; the muffloed drums are beating, the Longfellow is coming " Lead on, I am ready ." CAvi ADULLAM. 