YEA ANNUAL RACES. (FtOM OUR OWN OoItR3RSPaONDENT.)' SStward,--lMlessrs Dan M'Leiah, Edwar:? Smith, Arthur BMiley, John O'II Cameron. and Donald 'MlNONlZ Jualge-Mr W . Merry, J.P. Starter--.l*r Eil, SibLW. Ctlerk of the Coursu-Mr E. II. B i?R TreasurerrLMr E. S. Purcell. A ride of five miles from the township over a tolerably level toad in the direction of "Wliftt tteii?e-ii rgli~i'rt num,,ilrous -;oveof" sport who patroiseod the Yen Races.on Friday' last to the course. The heavy rain-clouds gloumniig above the horizon duiin'i the lore -nion ri?rdlu?l?y- disp?-?ed?eowratltwd;R-iday, a it deolciously cool invigoratintg breiezy fjom thel south il uacC dng. T h e thdriaeoutwaslecidell il uninteres:iug.i/On ieithetr.tids of )hile t'od ,extend' lines of low firils, scanitily coVeted wilt' grass, plentifully with the everlhsting gum .treqesulicientlyflligh to exclude a view of the 'more dtistatllardscape. A few huts of primi tiye.strucparo meet the eye, unrelieved by the itt essarv fgli?g?i which, for comfort's sake, shouldl "be cultivat, d more or lo-s around the meanest hovel. One does not expect to see sutnnv gldets bl .zing with flowers and bight with; leoes; pi,,erring tjodi!, h.tastelul gaeoways and railitngs in the Australian bush, but a couplo oel o iounds annually penot in libhtinrg: lijei lf'ii dd,,z''fs rth-'rowint'tels or .shrubhs.would. r. kei au ay 'hoefbuld-hianded oppearance, and *add,l immteasurably- to'the neatiesn, pirivtE y, coyiedenc% ; and refi reten t of the free selector''s hiome. On arriving at the course Tfiid no iinport?int improvoenents were. Imade since last year, selaCit the truck was in first-clasa order, and the , t range renats of the stewards, aided by the other officials, fur carrying out the pIrogrmanme faiitlese. The straight presented a lively appearance, for with publicens' booths, olly, cake, anid Iruit walls, was all the pariphernrlia uuIally attending' race.mebtingsu. A Mlel lourne bookmalker with a very Jewish pro buscis, who told me privately lie was nut sorry for coming, was present, lustily calling out' the odds on the several events with impunity, and ,judgitg, by the support received he ran a seri,us risk of making a few fivers, while the piublc foolishly availed themselves of the privilege of dropping a similar amount. ' '1'lh. heill opeled with tliheIMaiden Plate, for wbhich thiee hores facedthe sister. Agnes, a district mare, had the'call in the betting of even motney, but Mr Jos. Cleeland's What Am I was never asked to gallop, and won tas she liked, hard held. For the next event on the card, the Yea Handicap,: three horses also came to the post. Barmaid was most fancied by the pIublic~ and plleity. ot morty changed hands. " You never can tell till the numbers are up," was once; more painlully exemplified,, for the favorite iuadn't the ghost ofla show with 'Mr Cleeland'si game little mure What Am , ,.who, to the sulprise of everyone, literally romped in a win~er by twenty lengths. When the boll rang for the Hurdle Ialees eight' jockeys weighed, all going to:the post.' Mr Paton's Crab carried the' public' money, butidid'not justify the ýcotfidnce-.of, hisebackois, for balking persis :tently:at the last jimp," Merriang, a thdorough carthorse, came 'through with a wet aill, cleared his hurdle beautifully, and caltered home a winnri by.t©an lun'gths. Some inerri inent was causedr by Mr Robert Jdhnson weighming for this race. He uturned thl? soaile ii"l'Osi' l101, vritd despite this crushing weight byplucky riding pained third honors. The Distaict Plate, in mile heats,. was easily apploplridstqd:by Agrds, Who hiad odds laid on her, and pulled of'i both heats, winning hands down.; YiTh'ii Consolatio' BrStakes, won by Barmaid, wound up. the best race meeting ever, held at. You. lThee settling tup in the eveiinil at the Commercial passed off satis fapot'ily over it few bottles of ohampagne, and iow thait the club has a goobd'balance to ils credit, it wotili' be as well to feneo'iun the coiii'e beforo 'next 'year. Subjoined is an iccount: of therunniug : MAIDEN iLATE'ff sorv. Weight for ago. One 'mile and a half. ' Mr Jos. Cleeland's br f What Am I, 3yrs ' .. I: Mr A. Ilumo's g in Agnes;6yre ... ... 2 Betting-Even opnAigese/ ;-. , 3Mr Marshall's Grasshopper also ran. Agnes and Grasshopper showed in front directly the flag tell, racing together for a mile, wheri What Am I camo away and won as she liked. YEA HANDICAP of 20 sose. Two miles. Tomi nationls, I sov.; acceptance, 1 soy. Mr Cleeland's br f What Am I, 3yrs, Gat 71b 1 Mr 'Patton's b m Barniald. 4yrs, 8set 71b ... 2 Betting-Even and 2 to 1 on Barmaid. Mr Shea's Stranger also ran. The' horses got off to an excellent start, Stranger showing mloat pro minently passing the straight in the first time round. At the back of the course in the second round iStranger foll back boatoet, Barmaid and What Am I gallopingt together till nearing the distance post, whten What Ant I drew away antl won with ridicu lous ense. HIANDICAP IUTJRDLE RACE of 12 sove. Two miles. Acceptuanc, 12s; acceptance, 12s. Mr Cleeland's Merriang. 10st ... ... 1 Mr Patori's Crab, 0ost7b . ' ... Mr It. II. Joltseor'i Strantger, Ost 71b ... 3 M Ir M'Clelluid's Brownie, 9at 71b ,.. . O Mr II. Johnson's Top-All, 9it 7lb' ... '.. 0 Mr S. Marshall's Quickailver, lst 71b ... o Mr A. Bailey's Satin, 9st ... ... O Mr Shien's Stranger, st I71b ..... O Betting-2 to 1 against Crabiti,' 3 to 1 against Morring. Orab was quickest on his legs, and led the field a nlmerry dance past tie straight, At tie second hurdle Quicksilver, Slhea's Stranger. and Top-All came to grief. Crab, Jlhnson's Stranger, Brownie, Satin, aid Mrriant went along ill tile order named until the sixth hurdle was reaceld, when Satin camemo down a crolpper. Here Mcrriang forged into second place till the nlast hurdle wIas reached, which Crab refused, leaving Merriang the pride of place, whichl he kept to the linish, Crab second, and Johnson's Stranger a badl third. DISTRIICT PLATE of 10 sore. Weight for age. Mile heats. Mr A. Humo's Agnes, Gyre ... ... I Mr Cailrns's Bias Wilkins, 4frs ... ,. 2 Air M'Clelland's Mountain Maid, Syrs ." 3 Betting-2 to I on Agnes. Agnee took .ui .the running in bothl heate, which she maintained to the fluish. CONSOLATION STAKES of o10 sove. One mile 'annd a hall. ' Mr Patton's lBarmaid '... .. , i Mr Paitt' Urion' hb , ,. , .! ... 2 Mr Cairte's ,Mias Wilkins t,.., . Lar nSid le... toi with th6 le d d 6n:a eve afterwards atisgli:. ;' ,i(, '.A - 'IL j .eIq ,i 1i' ,?, ;iutn.rI dt i: oi ' vio e' 