FAIR TIPPLERS. The excessive uso of stimulants, hardly to bo toloratod in men, becomes absolutely unbearable iu women, uo inconsiderable portion of whom permit themselves nowadays an appalling indulgence iu stroug drink. For it is an undeniable fact that when tho weaker creature yields her liner nerves and more sensitive organisation to the insidious euroach nients of a vice which takes only a short while to break up tho strongest constitution, her ruin is more speedy, and her abasement a thousand times more deplorable than that of her helpmate. Nobody who sees much of women can bo ignorant of the altered state of things—that they drink more than they used to do. They are 110 longer satisfied with a lump of sugar saturated in eau-de-Cologne, or a few drops of volatile spirit in a little water, already an ad vance upon the beverages made by our great grandmothers out of mulberries or meadow cowslips. There are now very few young married women, and even girls iu their second and third season, who have not habitually recourse to liquors containing a proportion of alcohol to administer a fillip to their jaded nerves, and brace tlieni up afresh for some new tax upon theireiiergics. Port sherry, gin-and-bitters even mixtures of brandy and champagne ore made use of to revive the drooping spirits, and give to the listless beauty tho requisite amount of "go" which will euableher to hold her own in the midst of a crowd of chaffing adorers. And when we consider for a moment the life which women lead in Loudon during several months of the year, the reason of this degeneration in our mothers and sisters is not without its raison d'etre. Let us follow the movements, for the brief space of twelve hours, of a young girl who goes much into society. Somewhere about 9 or 10 a.m. she makes her appearance in the morningoom—after having jigged about in a crowded asseinblyuntil daybreak—languid, heavy-eyed, uniefreshed by the matutiual tub. Without the ghost of an appetite she sits down to an uuwholesoine meal of spiced and peppered dishes, hot rolls, strong coffee and cream After breakfast—too tired, in all probability, to ride—she whiles away the rosy hours until lunch-time in doing intricate things with colored silks, writing notes, or fluttering the pages of the books sent in from Mudic's. Luncheon is a heavy breakfast, with the additiou of wine and pastry. A turn or two in the park, lolling back in a barouche, varied by an interval of shopping in the West End emporium;" home to afternoon tea, with plenty of sweet cakes to destroy the little ap petite created by the ftesh air; another spell of the dolce far niente, a languid toilette, and then dinner. The real business of the day begins long after the birds are asleep and the stars are sliining in the sky. A menu in which you look in vain for plain roast or boiled ; the glare of a score of candles wine for every course; laughter, excitement, coffee, flirtation, and finally the brougham, in which the flushed and feverish girl is whirled away to more hot rooms, more excitement, more champagne ; what can result from such an unnatural and unhealthy mode of existence but an increased craving for dissipation, and an impatient desire to be relieved from the lassitude attending reaction by the abuse of alcoholic stimulants ? This liabit, when frequently indulged in, becomes not only ruinous and disorganising to an illimitable degree, but it also engenders greater evils as a necessary consequence. Our pleasant vices generally run in couples. The nervous system, periodically overwrought, abandons the role of servant for that of master, and with imperious voice makes itself heard, calling for other and more potent distraction. The moral faculties have by this time become obscured, the border-land between right and wrong ceases to be so clearly defined as heretofore, duties and obligations relax their restraining force, and, if there be any latent hereditary instinct of evil lurking in the otherwise pure nature, that one drop of black blood will be certain to come out into dark relief. The courtly and complacent physician has much to answer for by his tacit acquiescence iu a great and growing evil. Nor is tho humbler practitioner a whit more open and honest, but invariably shows himself too weak or too interested to run counter to tho desires of his women patients, manifestly leaning towards such agreeable remedies for nervous depression as crusted port and vin IWWRCUX, and only waiting for the authority of the doctor to indulge in them openly in tho presence of fathers and husbands. It is difficult, if not impossible, for those gentlemen to take tho bull by the horns. Every man is not gifted with the brutal frankness of an Abernethy. It is a hard task to make up one's mind to tell a languid lady, whoso maid stands besido her bathing hoi temples with Hungary water as she reclines upon tho boudoir sofa, that the real remedy for her disorder is not to bo found in tho wineglass, but in helping Alary the housemaid to shako the beds, and in running up and down stairs to answer the nursery bell, thereby running tho risk of offending an aristocratic patient, and jeopaixlising the brougham of the future. Yes, if medical men were loss given to order stimu lauts for almost every feminine derangement and were to impress upon women tho vital importance of exercise and the healthfulness of drinking in deep draughts of the pure morning air, there would be many more young cheeks blooming without rout/r, and many a now auxious husband going to his chambers or counting-house with a lighter heart.— Pub- lic Opinion. 