HOBART TOWN. Friday. A voto of want of oonlidouoo iu tho Govern ment was carried by 1G to 13. Tho Houso adjournod till Tuosday. Tho main lino train was upBot yostornight by a oow, aausiug oousidorabla dnmago to tbo driver and the fireman, who wero both in- jurod. Wesleyan Ohurou.— Tlio Rov. J. F. Orr will preach in tho Wosloyaa Ohurcli, Kent- Street, to-morrow cvouing. Teleobaphio Ebratum. — In our yostorday'a war nows, for " Tho Turkish ironalads Travail- ooro, Pornassus, and Banglori bombarding Kalafat," ' roatl " arrivod at Bombay," for whioh tho word bombard was inserted by mis- tako in tho tologram racoivod. Mhteobologioal. — Tho roports rooeivod up to 9 n.m. yoHtorday statod tho rainfall for tlio 24 hours was— At Maryborough, 0'18 ; at Springsuro appoaranoos iudioatod rain, Flno wonthor provailed nt othor stations, Mail Notice, — Mails for ports north of St. Lanrronoo. nor Bunvin to bo transllinnod to tlio Egmont, in Koppol Bny, will oloao— for rogiBtorod lottors nt six, nnd for ordinary lottors at oight o'olook this ovoning. Copper. —Work at the Adolphus William Copper Mine, appears to be progressing favour ably as ooppor continues to be received from it in Rockhampton by the agents, Messrs. R. M. Hunter and Co. On Tuesday last 4½ tons came to hand. Hospital Meeting. — The usual monthlv mooting of tho committee of the Port Curtis aud Loiohhardt District Hospital was hold iu tho Court Houso yestorday aftornoon. Tho PrcBidont and a numbor of tho oommitteo woro presont, but no business was transacted, and tho mooting was adjournod to Friday tho 18th inst; Hospital. — Stato of tho hospital for th wook ending May 11, 1877. Admitted durinS tho wook — 12 males, 1 fomalc ; discharged— 16 malos ; diod — 1 tnalo," (Jatnos Fulton Andrews) ; romniuing in tho hospital — 62 males, 8 fomalos ; total— GO. 3 pationtB in spooial ward. \- The Eastern Question. — Wo undorstand that our Polioo Magistrate, T. P. Pugln Esq., having boon roquostcd to dclivor a looturc upon tho Eastorn Quoslion, has kindly oonsoutod to do so. Tho locturo will probably bo dclivorod in about a fortnight, duo nuuouuoo- mont of the prociso Unto will be mado. In human Aot. — Somo dnBtardly ruffian who nrmnrnnt.lv hrifl ft nrriidvo nirnitiRt Toiiiroa. ft dairyman, on tho North side, gratifiod it by stabbing 11 valuable horso bolongiug to him , nnd whioh had boou lcopt in tho stook jard nl night. Wo boliovo thoro is littlo doubt as to tbo porpetrutor of tho cowardly act, and wo only hopo, if tho uliarga oun bo brought homo to him, that tho Bouoh will mark thoir abborranoo of. tlio deed by inflioting tho sovorost poualty tho law wilt allow. The Waratah. — This barquo whioh loft Rockhnmptou on Mnroli 17 last, for Nowonstlo, and which put iuto Gladstono on tho 7 th April nnd left on tho 9th, arrivod nt her destination on May lOtb, boing out no less than 54 days. Considorablo uneasiness was oxpcrioncod nt no information coming to hand about her, bat, it appears by tho tologram rocoivod by her agonts Messrs. R. M. Hunter nnd Co., that sho on- oountored torriblo wonthor tho wholo way, and that sho was oompclled to put into Gladstono for provisions. Tblegrphio. — I-n roferenoo to our paragraph of yesterday stating that tho line from Rook- to Keppol Bay had boon interrupted for a week pust, wo aro onablcd to state that Mr. Langloy, our loonl tclcgragph mastor, promptly startod off yesterday morniug for tho purposo of disoovoriug tho ouubo of tho obstruc tion, whioh ho suspoots is soraowhuro in tho neighborhood of tho Narrows. As in our paragraph wo roforrod to tho lino ropairor, wo 111 JUSUGU bO JU1U1) llttYU 1>U UUUU bUUb WtJ UUUUL- stand he was ordcrod off a weok sinoo to anotkor part of tho country whora an obstruc tion had ooourrod. IIttqtt Truila —Tlio "Rnraalrnrn liavn ill TUMI plnoes dnriug tbo past wook boon in a blazo, in some onsos swopt ovor n largo extent of oountry, but, thero is not inuoh to burn ; the grass is short and tho doad wood tbo greater portion of it has long sinoo boon oon- suuod. Tho fires iu some instances rundown tho gorgos and nothing is visiblo at a distance but a denso smoko, whilo in othors they koop along tho ridgos nnd look liko streets of rod light. Whoa ou tho tops of tho rauges, the effoot of tho flames is vory bonutiful tho peaks appearing as if they wero coned with firo. Railway Speed.— Wo havo no wish to fiud fault uunoaossnrily, but, wo think our readors will consider wo aro fully justified in do- mnudiug some reform iu the rato of speed at present adopted by tho lino. Whou wo drew public attontion to tho heavy ratos of passongor fares from Rookhnmpton to Dingo, thoy wero roducod somo 25 per cent to tho groat nnd gonoral satisfaction of tho publia, aud this ready couoasBion iu tho part of tho Govorn- moat, cmboldors us to bring undor tho notioo of tho hoad of tho dopartruout another matter ytu1uu iiuuimviiwij uuu1uuuo ItHUlUI) UUU whioh our Chamber of Commeroo will, as in tho passongor rates affair, exort thoir inilueuoo to set right, numoly, tho unucoossary waste of timo thnt is oocasioncd by tbo stoppngo of tho train ut various placos. Tho complaints 011 this poiut nro so froquout, that wishing to bo satisfiod as to tbo oorreotnoss of the represen tations made us, wo hnd tho timo whioh tbo trnin waited at cuoh station aocuratoly takeu, with tho following rosult Grneenicro ... _ 5 tllins Examining tickets near Stauwcll ... 3 StamvoU 14 Watering place near Stauwcll a " AVestwood "t Gogaugo ... 3 Hooky Creek ... 4 Ilerbert's Creek .. ... „. 0 7 Dawson ... " a I Dunrlngtt 10 " AVnllcroo for wntor ... ,,, s Dingo Camp a ,, 82 „ or ono hour nnd twonty-two minutes in a journoy of 88 mileB, whioh is rather different irom tno underground railway in London, where tho avorago is from 17 to 35 seconds at oaoh station. Now, as thoro is nothing ovor. done nt any of those places of call ouco in a hundred tiinos whioh would necessitate a dolay of ovor a uinuto, it appoars to us that tho delays moutionod aro Bcarooly justified, aud that tho pooplo have ovory right to grumble at it, As at many of thoso stations nobody gots iu or out, wo oan't conooivo what tho train waits for, uuIobs —to lot tho passougors stretch their logs and asking the guard what they are stopping for. Wo trust,' before tho uoxt opening of tho lino tnkos plnco, that tho Chamber of Commeroo will exert its influonoo to havo tho timo tablo rovisod, so that thero mny ho as fow delays, on tho road as possiblo. Wo would also call attention to tho dolny ocoaaionod by stoppiug tho train at such uuimpoi'taut stations as Stanwoll aud Wast, wood before it ronobfls tho plntform, to allow tho oonduotor to oxamiuo tiokots, a proaess, which in every othor placo, is dono by tho oonduotor whilo tho train is iu motion. Verb, taj). for the present. Resources of Russia.— It may bo at onoo assorted that tho resouroos of Russia aro uu- oqual to tho omorgouoy tho hasty invasion of Turkoy has produood. With all hor appear- nnoo of mngnilloouoo nnd powor, Russia is iu tho first plaoo poor ; in tlio Booond plaoo sho is tho mistress of many oonquorod racoos spread over a vast plain, the greater portion of which is storilo and forbidden by climato to beoomo donsoly populatod ; nnd in tlio third plnoo, sho hna within her heart tho novoi-oxtinguislicd oshos of revolution. Tho oxtcrunl dobt of Russia is £260,000,000. Hor intornal or float ing debt is 40,000,000. During tho last ten yoars sho has boon barely ablo to mcot her ongagomonts, nnd, according to published statistios, hor annual doficlt during that time has averugod from 0110 to tliroo millions. Tlio omanoipation of tho serfs throughout Russia cost the Stato £140,000,000. But tlio Stato was not enabled to par oasli, consequently it guaranteed to tlio ex-slaveownors fivo por oont ou tho abovo sum, How has thin boou paid, by levying a poll-tax on tho freed serfs. But it is impossiblo that tho monoy can bo ool- loatad if thoso who now pay it aro driven from thoir homos and thoir fields and mado food for powdor. The oroativo elomout will bo want ing— thoroforo where is tho fivo por oont to coino from ? Thus tho Stato oxohequers will havo to moot tho intorcat on tlio oxtoriial and floating dobt of £300,000,000 and on tho £140,000,000, hosidos finding sufficiout to do fray tho ouorinous oxponsos oiitailod upon u war and au invading army. Uuloss Russia can domolish Turkoy in tho first oampuigii, sho will not be ablo to ontor upon a socond witli and olmnco of success. Latest News. -Tho Turks aro bombarding Kalafat, which is dofended by 4000 Roumanians who havo been ougaged lately in putting tlio fortress iu a stato of dofonco. Now Knlafat is opposito to Witlin, aud Widiu is a placo of great strength with a population of 30,000. It was urmod bofoio tho declaration of war witli 120 l'nixham cannon ; 12 Krupp fiold guns ; 1G mortars— but it now has G2 largo Krupp guns nud 85 othor pieces. It ooinmnuds tlio river and udjacout islands, but, is itBolf oommandod by high positions on tlio right and left bunks of the Danubo. Although Wulin is ono of tho bulwarks of the Turkish Empire: it lis oom mandod by tho guus of Knlafat now garrisonod liv iinnn Timininiliniia. Tf. Iinwntrn Wwlin tu "J -» --..WW, " oommandod by high positions, battorios oreotod iu thoso high positions would command Kalafat, and it is moro than probablo that that fortress is boing bombarJod from thoso positions. It scorns to us that tho Russians boing unublo, on aooount of the prcscnoo of Admiral Hobart Pasha, to oross tlio Danubo at Silistria, will mako tho attompt at throo different plncos, ono at llustobiok, ono at or near Kalioru, and tho other at Bcrzn l'nlanka, at whioh. placo wo consider thoy will make tho most dotoriuiucd efforts and conceutrato their largest bodios of troops, and if thoy suococd, pour doivu through Bulgaria on to tho Balkans, which, liowovor, it would bo impossiblo fur thom to pass until Vurna and Sckuinla woro tnkou. But tho resistance of tho Turks, tho diflloultios always attendant on tho progress of nu invading army, will in our opinion koop tho Russians at bay, particularly if Hobart Pasba koop possession of the Black Soa. A rapid advanoo is out of tho quostion— dofcat moro than probablo. Constantiuople so far as prosont appoaranoos aro conoeruod is quite safo this timo from tho Muscovite. Meat Suri'LY.— It is nsoortainod since tlio introduction of dead meat from Amoriea, .that tho plan of bringing it to England is not only lass costly tkau transporting livo stock, bat, it is placed in tho market in bettor oondition. " Even after n voyago from tho continent, or ovcu irom xrciuuu, uuiuu must uo lauucu m a feverish condition after thoir unnatural oxporiouuo of tho discomforts of a voyage. But, is not tho transit of oattlo from their pnot.nrn finlds. ono mile, Dy railway, as ' unnatural ' au " cxpcrionco of tho discom forts of travelling as by steamor." Tho oattlo nro slaughtered iinmodiutely thoy aro dis- ohargod from tlio railways, tho moat plaood under the freezing proooss, sown up iii bags, nud dospatohod forthwith' to its dostiuation therefore, wo fail to see how tho moat onu bo better than that from animals which are landed from Ireland, and not killed for days after. However, buyers appear to draw no distinotioa between Sootok beof, aud that whioh comes from Illinois and Texas, and ovory lb that is plnccd in tho market is oogoily purchased without any distinotion of prioo. It is stated thut tho supply from tho Dominion would not bo sufficient to roduoc pricos, and that tlio hopo so far as America is concerned is centred in" the pastures of the Oeutral aud Wostoru States, especially ' ic Kansas, Texas and Colorado. But importers of moat aro bogiuing to look to Holland, Switzerland, Spaiu and Portugal, all of whioh might bo mado to yield far moro than thoy do and at a Icbs cost, if tho oarcasscs instead of tho livo auiinala woro sout. Tho rofrigoratiug £jiuuuoo, uuit uuuiuuguijr uuuuiatooa Will OO ovoutually tho oauso of onrioliiug countries which liavo cxtunsivo aud rich pastures, aud of equalizing tho rotuil prico of moat, two boons the Yaluo of which will bo iucaloulablo. Magisterial Decision. — Three Chinamen wero summoned boforo tho Polico Court j os- terdny, undor tbo 39th olauso of the Polico Aot, 2 Via- No. 2, for; leaving thoir liorsos and carte unattondod in tho publio streets ; and after koaring tho evidence tho Boiioh retired for a fow minutes to oonsidor thoir dcoision. Upon returning iuto court thoy statod through the chairman that thoy did not oonsidor tho 39th clause applied to suoh oases. Tho olauso in question has no roforouoo whatever to a sta tionary vohiolo, and tho Bonoh held that it could ouly bo by plaoing a foroed or straiuod construction in tho olauso that a oonviotion oould bu uphold. So strained on interpretation in foot that they doolinod to adopt it. At tho same timo tlio Bonah made a reoomiuondation nmuu wiimj tii i vol oi a vouioio in a public stroot having to oall nt numorous plnoes, would do well to adopt. It was to the offoot that every onrt driven by a vondor of vogotablos or othor produoe should bo provided with tlio moans of looking tho whoels oitlior by a strap or chain. This method, of oourse, ivonld only apply to aasos wkoro voliioles woro to bo loft for a longor time than a baker or butohor would tako to deliver hie broad or moat, nnd it is nntinnni with tlio proprietors of voliiolos to adopt tho precaution. The Bonoh reqnostod Mr. Molbourho, who appeared for tho defendants, to bring the matter hoforo tho Municipal Council, of whioli body he is a inombor, with a view to tho passing of a short bya-law mooting suoh onsos within tho Muioipnlity. Notwith- withstanding tlio dooision of tho Bonoh, how ever, it must not bo supposod that horsed vehioles oan be loft in tho streets, unattended, witli impunity : thore are othor olausos of tho Polico Aot whioh tho police will probably not fail to put into forco should occasion require. Fields Green Afar Off Wo aro glad to notico tho arrival, by tku mail stonmor, from San Franoisoo, of Mr. J. Konnody, a junior brother to' Mr. J. A. Konnody. Mr. Konnody, who is acoompaniod by a Mr. Bnnnoo, has had many years' oxporiouoo iu mining in Cnli- fornin, (md intends to try tho Hodgkinson. Wo are told that sovoral minors from Oali- lorrnn nro on their way to this fiold Cook town Courier. The Will of Mr Bravo — Probate to tho will of tlio late Mr. O, Bravo was grnutod on Wednesday to Mrs. Bravo, tho roliot. Tho proporty, "all loft to hor, was sworn undor £11,000. A Future Dukk Received ah a Priebt.— It is roported that Lord Chnrlos Goorgo Arohibald Uouglass, tbo only brother nnd lioir proHUinplivo of tlio Duko of Hamilton, has beoomo a Roman Catholic priest. Ho recoutly snng his first soloinn high masH atthochapol nttnuhed to tlio Monastery of tho Cnrmolitos, in Konsiugton. Tho oeromony was nttoudod with much pomp. His rouos woro ot the most irorirooua description, and tlioro woro prosont a largo uristocrntio company. — 1'rotcstaiit Ad - vocato. -ritJ The Ghost of A Boat. — a boat; "vjjjviust havo bolongod to tho shlp .oommundud bv tho " Flying Dutchman " is said to havo mndo its uppoarauoo on tho Manning Rivor. Tho Ncivs of Saturday lust relates tlio following : « Wo nro informed hy sovoral parsons that manv roBidonts of tlio Lowor Mauniug are said to havo witnossod tho oxtraordiuury npponr- nnoo of a boat minus any occupant, in tho neighborhood of Gbinni Ghiiini. On boing approaohod it oithor disappoars bonoath tho wator or approaches tho slioro and vauialioB. it is on starry or moonlight nights that it is obsorvod. Tlio affair is oreating muok talk, and is quito a-myBtory,- -S. M. llerald. The " Oooktoavn Herald." — Wo nro sorry to bo oompcllod to rofor ugain ro tho scurri lous publications of tlio Conldown Herald Our attention has boon oullod to tho following narngraph, whioli appeared in tlmt print of . - A . »1 41 \A7a lllkim llluf IhAaLWfl ehnli 21BC Apru tho parties who orushod at tho Holona mndo nil iiiRpoction of tho tablos, nnd thoy found a largo quantity of nmnlgnm under tlio tables; and this inspootion was dono by forco.,' This statement wo most omplmticnlly dony, aud suoh n" blnokgunrd attempt to hurt tbo diameters of goutlomon could bo mado only by suoh a man ns tho ona who edits tho Hera Id. If tlio paragraph woro ronlly written by tho "spooial Palmor oorrofpondont," nB it purported to bo. wo must) oxpress our regret that wo havo in our diatriot ono who oan ho clnssod with tho editor of tlio Herald.- — C, Courier. IIodokinson Goldfield,— Tho results of the first twelvo mouths history of this fiold, which is tho poriod it lias boon oponod, aro astound ing, whon it is considorod that tho oountry was uutiroly virgin, and isolutod fully 100 milos from tho nearest scttlomont, nnd nearly -IG0 miloB from iho port of Cooktown, thereby eutuiling vory high rates of oarriago on tnaohinory and goods, aud costly and slow communication. Of oourso, sinoo tho port of Oairns has boon oponod rapid communication in dry wonthor lius boon obtninod with pnok- horsos, buj tho cffcat on tho field is not V tangibly folt yot; but as yot it is not half prospoatod, in faot, only soratoliod, with its innumorahlo gold boaring roofs, n decimal only of wliioh aro yot tested or taken up. Wo havo now oight crushing mills running, and another maoliine oloso at hand, wliioh will soon bo oroctod (at MoLeod's Crook), aggregating 80 . hoad of stamping powor. 