CONFIRMATION SERVICE AT ST. PATRICK'S ROMAN CATEOLIC CHURCH, MAIiONG. This cilifice yesterday presented a very plea sant appearance. The occasion demanded the presence of the bishop, and was the cause of no less than between GO and 70 children and adults availing themselves of the sacred rite of coniir* matiou. Great interest was felt m the service, and accompanying the Eight Rev. Bishop Crane were the Very Rev. Dr. Nicholas Crane and the Uev. Dr. Reville. The children who par took of the benefits of the occasion were Pressed in white, and their appearance in this spotless costume had i\ very pretty effect. The altar was tastefully decorated with flowers, and the ornate little bnildingjwas crowded with deTout worship pers, in fact there were far more attendants than could get seated* notwithstanding that, all the seats, the aisle, and the porch were full, a large number having to stand throughout the im posing service. The Rev. Dr. Rcvilie, accompanied by two acolytes, opened the service by reciting the Athanasian creed according to the Catholic faith, the latter kneeling on each side of the priest, and responding to the Latin service. Mass "was then celebrated in a solemn manner. At the conclusion of the mass, communion was administered to such as had prepared for the occasion. Candidates for confirmation were arranged before the altar. Messrs. Burke and Lyons were appointed collectors for the next month, and it was announced that the \ cry Rev. Dr. Nicholas Cr?-ne would officiate 011 Sunday next, on behalf of his Home Mission. The sermon was preachod by the Rev. Dr. N. Graue from St. Luke, chap, viii., versed. He enlarged in an eloquent manner upon the sower and the seed, expatiating in suitable terms upon the privilege of hearing the word of God, and illustrating his able discourse by drawing a com parison between the figurative language of Scripture and its literal translation. The rev. gentleman, in feeling terms, besought his hearers to follow in the footsteps of their Saviour; and reminded them of the opportunities and means which were placcd at their command by the preach ing of the Scriptures for the purpose. He spoke in forcible language of the duty incumUiut upon his Hock in acts of charity, and the neces sity for their being in earnest in every good work. The example of the Sisters of Mercy, and many priests, who had disposed of all they possessed for thepurpose of attending tothe wants of the poor and sick, were :ully illustrated. The Word of God was personally applicable, andought to be taken home to each heart, and any sacriticc should be made rather than profane it. In con clusion, the rev. gentleman besought the con gregation to hear anil practice the ord of God, and to be faithful in self-examination of them selves. Dr. Crane has a very distinct enunciation, and commanding appearanco, and during his effective and admirable sermon lie entirely rivited the attention of his auditory. The bishop officiated at the confirmation, ■which was an imposing ceremony; each of the children held a lighted candle, while his lord ship addrassed the confirmed in a very feeling manner, reminding them of the vows of bap tism, and the obligations the sacred rite of con firmation. Ho eloquently alluded to the de scent of the Holy Ghost on the day of Pente cost, and stated that that same divine spirit was about to descend upon them, and exhorted them to attend to all the duties of their creed, antl [ after receiving the sacrcment of ^confirma tion he asked them to remain in prayer ' for a short time before the altar. The uu pressive ceremony then eommemxd by all who to •>« con tinned kneeling, and the jn'slioj) reading the service, which was re sponded to l>y l)n*. Crane and Ueville; after which the imposition of hands and anointing <of the foreheads with chrism, accompanied xvitli tlie usual incantations, was performed Jjjy tlto bishop. The adult mates were the first to receive the sacremo*t, and then the boys, after which the girls had it adminis tered to them. After all the recipients of the aacred rite had boon confirmed, the bishop again addressed them on the solemnity of t he occasion, anil after this, with some prayers, the service terminated. Many of the congregation had come a considerable distance to bo present at the auspicious occasion. 