1NVENTORS A D INVENTIONS. (Fou0 A~L THE EA .O) OU ..) Is it tro that the world has never known its greatest men ? Have all its behonefactors been ignored and despised; or rather, have not some occasionally foumd timely recogiition and fitting rward? Human nature io stubboii, and men are unwilling to. be tined outeof their way; but the hardest natures gradcally soften into a new mould if ressed long enougbh, and the moetwilful foettake toinaccustonmed pah"l a;ieru heho : patlhs have been awell trodden b theirn neighltburi. Every new inventoiion ba had its own peacial figiht before it could get it learing Who recoguisee th ie prine int the beggar? Who taee the full-fledged eagle in that ordinary looking and soo:ewhat t nprepo.sessoing eggh ? Who could always foretell that the new invention nentried and unproved was ad world's bleslisg in . disgaser, en dembryor helper forwardd ofe h man ty? We do not witi' to; phold ignor: ance in any form int we meet he just; and really those various MDlr. Bat'a Eyes may be pardoned for not setingd all that Chrittina and Merty bet out to seek. Besirdes, evey inventor has not been wronged Iy hisi generationt: ome have, and nmet grciivoety, hiut not ill: We'nil follow the cohrse taken y Mr. mlotri Tiinbs rin , his new boo,; Stoe oe f inventdor and their Discovere ie and, for every petsecited benefactor of r ciety, we will find at the toiit two who met their rewaid. We beginrwith Archimedes, as of cOurne. For though the Pyramids were built, and the monolitths raised ; though thea huge cars of Elephatta and the City of:Petr?ea hid bien hewn out of the living rock, and the Pelagians-or who?-had built their Cyclotean'walls wherever theyhad had the chance, yet Archimedes always istands first on the list of, n ohanical discoverers, as if the world had never known erank or polley.tilrl.te ade pbothl iad had neveir raised a stone bigger than a mans hand. But we must nt forlget that even Atchlimedes stood upon the shoulders, of the past. Well . Archimedes was no martyr. 1 His Eureka, his boast about the world and the lever, were household words in every Greek month; his screw in one of the principal motors of the present day ; and hi catapultsi and .trning glasses, bin balistm and the Galley of Heiro received their due, honourl andremain unsurpassed even yet. The.Great Eastern is not equal to that Galley of Heiro, with its temples and its baths, its storehousen water tanks', nd vix hundred A.B.s sittingi down to fish and flor in the forecastio. Bonouretal by, his sovereign, respected by the people ' rovered by poe. terity, tie ghost of brave old Archimedes, wandering palely on the bitanda of the Sty1, has no reason to complain of the injustice of humanity. No one was hang, drawn, or quartered for the magnet ot;inly Citnmtu, when the needle varied in the Aiberican Atlantic ho d to improvie a theory to savae perheaps his life fromi the mutineus haenddof his terisfied sbilors. .Whtler the' Chinee, to whome the honor sif the discovery belongs, ihare a nagnetiser, like their martyr potter PoaMea-new a god, or some thing lile it twe do not known; but, according to all accoun,, their agier tin mtonuntain, which played Bindlhd scch a sorry trick, tias mademartyra enough. Printing made a nonartjr, in a small way, of poor Giteinberg, who, what with debt (he spent the wholen of? ' large private fortune in bringing his mnivable blocks to perfection), political frays, the ill will of the priests, and tihe enmity of the guild of writers, had but a troubled life of it. But though he was pertccoted, and though Faust was held as nothing better than lietlenant and vice-regent of the devil, all the early printers were not so reviled. Old Caxton was honoured, as he deserved; and cost the parl?h good hard money for the " iiij torches and the belle used at his burying." Guttenberg's small napkin-pres.-like printing machine has been slightly distanced by Appiegarth's machines of eight cy linders, which print ten thousand impressions of the Times per boor; by ltesers. Hoe, of ten cylindersi which print twenty thontand in the hour; and by that other Anierican monster, which can print twenty-two thoneand double impressione in the same time. Little did the good old philosoplher and en" thusiast dream of where his invention would extend when he irat hewed out his wooden movable blocks. Of gunpowder and its discovererswesneed not speak It hias had its martyrs by the million, and is alto gather too ferocious a compuoud for us to meddle with. Totticelli and Pascal, Beaumor and Fahren heit, with their barometers and .thermometers, are pleasanter subjects to consider: so is Guericke, with his air-pump; so are all the inventors of the various diving bills, by hih ch human beings can go down among the dea.nymplis ard the co at root,, and crawl tlrougli the toazcs of bronti, green, anld 'urp'e weed, growing in tufted iowere among the arches of the wrecks. ?h: latest of thise .diving-bells is the Amenrican Nautiiiue, where the ballast or descending power is water, and,where the air for breathing i° condensed .'This American Nantiu semems to he about the gteatest:succes rvet nmade in the diving. bell dopartment, allowing men to remain inder water alonger than any otber contrivanrc hitherto devised, and with less risk of accident or suffocation. They are among the earlieat end most universal creations of man.: India, China, and Japan,, all "hae them in sonii or other form ;itEgypt and Greece both dealt. largely in them for, their imysteries and initiation,. Greece, indeed, patronised them'for pleasure, witness ithe Wooden Regionomade by Archytas of Tarentuam ; the Homeric Tripods; the Venus?es, that :iad toý be tied up at night to prerent their rambling about unhbidden; iand other things, which will readily bhe tourid by ;claisical ciolars ninot afraid tof \" ole." Then there were variona nd sundry automata in the Dark A'ges; Friar Bacon a Brazen Head as one, and thlithirty year' sinmilar labouir "f Ahlbirtns liagnse wai another- hat. head, which, .when:at began to speak, Thmnes of Aquinas broke to pieces, under erar and pain of the dvil, as uinal. Poor Alex of Provence fared badly -with his limetititn:l . He, had eon were what we should now teim hanmoniouely sympepthetic. He madean auitaail;tor e6leton,: plicd it in the winidowfpat a 'gtiar in to land, and played another instrument, tui.edin nuscn and set at a die lance The abiom atonoke-ittonniaeed sa fiognrs; sotndtis ere hen'd from theg.? itar, edte poplac t belierd it was all a work of magia and witch= craft and poor Ale andI the akoleton were burnt together, by command of the Parliament This was itn iO4 think, ,rediler Not vet tiro hIndred yeait aroe hVa.cansona Duck was a grand : riumph orer all sort of difficultesr Every' one wae anatomically correct and the dack did all that a live douck shoild do sat.diank dab led i itat benal, in the true duck like manner, timoved nln its wings~ and ~:even q;glked.l It did orn a than this, too; but we ned net particnlariye further.. Drcz the elder made a w:iting boy; .Drcz the youniger, ?a piarnoforteo by and Dro the elder got caught by the Sypaiais Inqu?tha tion, and narrowly escaped with his life. It was a dangerous amiseentea in thre days tofayhlion auto: mara that could; by any pras i ility, he aippo ed to be impE or familiars),and as sreS a pet dog or a ataie toad might bring a person .to the' etake nr a necro mancner, what misti' msUt havel lng tound a self moving skeliton,t or a brazen' head that could speak wFith a hTmin voice Ie The Chess player, invented by, Do Keim'pelenrwas iathe mot celebrated of all the iiaer automata; bit this, however, tiied rseiter upon the cleverness of seleight of-- and' thanf eupon 'the wonders of m chanics andirankes more as a trick thian as a matter of ecience: Do Kempelen also made a opeaking automaton, which said di tinctly; iRm mn oru limperator semnper Aagsitoa' ' Laipolds actiddns';" eVnus etce mon emi;li ' Je svtu itsaoe do tona an cemir." Hea had long leahonred it this iteco of mechanism, but could only get tiew esimple uieranc e aof thileeo nd is o and an i id: wouild .ot coms ait an price, neither would th:e mainonate. T tre he devisedan apparatus, s?.ilar in action endl constroctiil to tilhe hiiumaniotlean d ticth and thie he placed at thp etrimnity of the vocal tuba. ' ood Frentih nid Luti d eP:tho is.'r lt .~'li Aimericanb aleo sadeauspeaking mschie ht the inventor, Mr Rl ale, deetrord, hia wok of sixteen peaers moment of elhat people call m Ifriz. ':WAftelrordl . in 1846. Pofessor Faber ehibi ted to the:Egyptian Hall his Enphonia, which is held toibe the best speak l ing automation of all. Hoadina i our latetr wonder inthe miechanical way ,l bit tveryone knows every ahing aboit hint; hisiging eb nightingarle, cingi. boies witlh rngein themi that no,: mortal hands erve put there, his drawing. figure, whicel eo ominouslye broke its pencil when it began .the crown for, the young Counrt de Pari, his tricke, and his trimph? c his mirtvel withf caid, eggs; birds, hate, bottles, and exCinguiThers.ro We hve h themi all off by hearit ad pleasant lessons they ware Cto leatn, tool Well e rlsemechanical inventions, exepting the questionable reputation that elung round Albertus illngusi, and the unhappy fate of Alex, there are none to whom' an indisotiminating "public ?showed mr.ied ingrati tude; while, in later days, fame, hionoor, and riches have heaped themisolves up in overwhelming pileson the heads of those who have showed iniventive talent or mechanical skill. W;e the padvocates ofr human nature is a while," are glad of this; an colI firmatory of our own theory." I' There is no use in talkintg of the various eaiemisr for erial'sheip;'or of th?e 'thriusand aiod oni ballooni' tht have beien sent upon'new' pi niple icinkowith perfect good faith that each of heisenew prineiples: was oiig to ieangurate a ow era in air navigation. ePahap mrieal shipes via G actua, codmnercial, and trding facto befori .longt perhapas the i ainion Gaeneal Balloon Cojipany will take the 'plaie of the L adon endial Oiuinibun? Coipansy, withi aitiibna in the rooftops of eertain aaccommoduating British hine holdrrc Ec pting lti martyre of the experiment. beginiiig with tarous and endinrg with his Americon imitalors of the other day, serial' navigaiaan haslnot been a veryy illoused pursuit 'o h be sure; ipeple do aiy that ithey are all cracked who think it can ever be made of pohitves everyday nle; bhut then every immemorial, and there is no re m on why this new thing should e eosapt. Roger Bacon and the Mar qois of Worcester were both tholight to be mad when they fore shadowed steam engines and telescopesi Paeof Iane was etillt ICoked on for thoRake nof his new drug, opium; and Napier of ilerhisaron, when le asserted that he coald set ships on floe by a barniog giase sail under water, by help of a certain machine destroy thirty thousand Turks without losing onet Christian, mannre profitably with common salt, and ealcult by elogaithon:se, was held a little better than a maniac, if not a wizard, wrhich was worse. Ruper and his experiments fared better. Bat then Rupert was a prince, closely coine:ted with the bIlood royns and royalty in those times meant somedthing more than taking off one's hat, or standing while the national air one played. . upet did many notice able ptiloeophic things, fiery soldiur of fortune though he was; he raoglht forrwaid Van Biegen's invention of mezzotint, made the toy called Prince aRupert's drops, wrhich no one can rightly explain een now; bleow op roeks and niones unnder water, made an hydraulic machine, improved the naval quadratit, made glass at Chelsea, east hail-shot, and devised tile nseful metal mince callout **Princo's metal." He I worked luxurionuly at Windsor Castle, of which his eonsin, Charles tile Second, appointed him governor; and there ini ilis aplrtnlent swords and crocibles, rapiers, retorts, spurs, and niathematiral inoiroments lay acattnred all atont in a contusion bufitting his multiplex life. The first watchmaker was a great man. Was he aoeaaed of witcheratt, and burned at the stake for Itampering with the mysterious Iaes of life and motion? We do not know; he itight have been, Lnd John Hacrison of Fasliy, She cuntry earpen ter's uneducared son, and ru niaklrr of the first marine chronometer, was a great man loo; 'and he - did not uffer tiy hits i ivion :'? i nie the contrary; for he got twenty thouu d pound fi it, when after forty years' inceotnt labour, re ad uluty per. fected it, and made it: the reliable, areatin that it ~!i now. No, all the inventors and discoverers have not suflered. True, Colombnu wai nnigratefnlyi trated' and Galileo knew (under a:a dominant priesthond) more of thle snperstition and cruelt?thnn of the re: cognition and gratitide "of men; but all:have n?ot been so evilly handled. .To William Hervey no one has grndged honors, though to be 'nre poor ,ervtosI was boined, ;psrtly! for disproving the theory then existing that that e vein carried the blood to the vatione parts of the bod ia dieproval afterwards cnfirmed by Harvey.' Dr. Jenndeha his stato? and his colleges; antd rewards wire trot wanting even in his lifetirie. Lady Mary Woriley 7Maohintago had anmuchb.hrder ,fight to go throughlithiin fell to his lot and yet she was victoriou in 'tie end.: ToNewteil'and Herschel, Lord :Roue and ei Vorrier i o Niiepcr, Denguerre FPoer, Talbot, 'nd Wheatstone 'to Brew?ter and Dav ithe world: owes great and glorious benrefito liut we never he'rd of any di?poeition rto repay thotne benefits wh atitude. S2, after all, mno and women are dot so bad as it remetimnes sniuts bvystandes to say,' end hl anit. y is of imoother ' skin than the cynical will allw.-.. Wes not Walt honored?" Did not leorge Stepenori find backers, frietinds, i diFripleg??; id not'Arkowright, the. Boton lnarer, make a colo'tal foriune ?,: :And -what wouild'i ho tlthe' :Peels' and the Marshalle, lthe Bargreaves and the Cromtptons, if 'their arnicetore had not beon, inventors? :. Ahl, well hulnanity ha%. oething to answer ifor hero ; for the machinery. inventu~r, ,the men rwho have made straps end wheels and pulleys do the work of living tho?ws and sinew, have. seldom got well off in the outset. They interfered wilt existing rightso with a oian'es vested? interest: in his own mirEcles and eCbn requcuotlhad =every worlkig hand dead against huem, at all events? lora time, and: uitil: lthe sum of comparative advantage was pretty clearly made or.t. Hargreaves, tho iveianor of the soniiong jeiny;: died at "Nottingha:"in i: great o povety and" disrtess ; Orompton's emunl ?'rs taken to pieces for ''safety against the mobs, warring and raging agairit all nepw fainoled ninahinery; Cartwrighti was defrauded; the elitr Peel hid his cordig;i.machiines brokoen, nd Rwas finally'drive?n ot of the' country wheire e livoled; Jacqardltii grerat lbenfiactor of al '.-igure pattern weaveirs, made noi ftoii by his invention,, but left his family itochli poverty that they wanr obliged to offr for isal thIe golden moedal ihieh Loui.' the Eighteenth had given him. The Chliiber of Ccm "iere at Lyroir g-eneronely eoight the a edal, and gave twentyfour pontds for it--being exaetly four piund miore tbn nt e intrsicr value of the gold Earlier thn alil this, we find Lee, the first stocking weaver, diyig in Parie, heart-broken by poverty and di?appointment; while, Ilter; John Iambo is poisoned rby the Italiars, ,whose secret of silktweaving he stole and transplantedinto England. No o the jiirtoryof machine .invenitors is not, eon the swhole, Satisfaletory for we rarely f find that those who eriginated an idea?cot anything by it excepting: per: eecution, and ,hatred, while all -the great fortunes made,i hara .ome sl, laint or oter in. ome out-of theway, corner, where only ithe mosts prying and imnpolite of biographers would tllink of looking. Even the highet namies'are not- quite stable, and in the most portly bankers' books mar.bho fauid a few dogn' eared pages ?ith a omireli'i nd aetain over the larger figren:. iStreet gas-lighting had a Ihard da3of it onee, when a committee ofi the Royal Soeletr, appointed, by` government met to. decide fon 'its merits. `It was ilmost hunted to the death rti heand tosie'd over to. tiio kites and croww.:. Broughnam; DaDy, Wollaston; and Wati," were a!l dead against tli? po?sibility of euchh a pla6.i. Brodghait': bitierly "itdinlecd d`Acdum the 'clemist, and ond -of tlhe oplioldeis -and believers in the ideas; and Sir Humphrey DaI~v asked, with a scientific sneer, if the dome f St Pdurl' were 'o Ibitaken as a gasometer??' Frederieck Alb'6rt Win-. ?sr and his eobeme stood their ground.'and aftter;ihe due and proper' amount of, badgering which such an innovation inust:expect; theli point was gained aiid London was' lighied :with gas: Thiswas in ]825o; tliough the first ,tri phant experinitnt of lighting' St. James' Park bad been nmade three years earlier, nonielt,:in 1822 Int iwe have not come to the end of treet-lighting yet; thiogh l indeed, nothing has hitherto ieens di covbred whidch can eatirfacterity 'npersede coa : gas But it has to come, being among thulfuture derti iai of science: Th patent air-light (from hyk dra cahho mixed 'witi atmospheric ir) cost thirty ithonend -pouindsie ino te exprmereins, whic were nmade, to sea if it would do h'et er than 'go?--bt it .failed ,and though tIe lime btsll, theBude, and the puic hol'buiidig, Sitill, we may be very: aurethat. trret~tightitoglike many elliot thinge, I,-sinIto imnfc?y ?nd ; that' whlen'it comei to matorit it iwll be widely different .towhat .i is now.;, The question' is stirring, ievidnatly. We hiear of sundry working ohremists poring oe?er all qortS of calcnlations and anialyses, preparatory to ettirdg-tlrh world in a blaza with a new light, we imy rest -assured that our?ges= lamps, will be blown out, a·ld sameaem-'; fashi?o?d flames take:their. place., It is the,way of the iworld- the way by which all inventions' have foglit, riten, culminated, and gone out, when ba;btter thing, has been discvrevd. It 