'Culliolictis' Jtml 'Th'.; 1 rack «f REisJ.ory.' -No. VIII. (To tho Editor of the ' Illawarra Jrcrcurj.*') j Creed of Pope Pins IV. continued. Article II. | ' I also admit the Holy Scripture, according to | that sense which our Holy Mother, tho Church, has held and does hold, to which it belongs to judge of the true sense and interpretation of tho Scriptures ; neither will I ever take or interpret them otherwise than according to tho unanimous consent of tho Fathers.' The ' Holy, etc., Council'' of Trent, Bess. 4, declares on the above article : — 'In order to restrain petulant minds, the Council further decrees, that in mathnrs nf fnit.li and morals, and whatever relates to tho main tenance of Christian doctrine, no one confiding to his own judgment, wresting tlio Sacred Scriptures to his own sense of them, shall dare to interpret Holy Scripture itself contrary to that sense which hath been held and still is hold by Holy Mother Church, whose right it is to judge of the true meaning and interpretation of tho Sacred Writ, or contrary to tho unanimous consent of tho Fathers, even though such interpretation should never be published [or never be meant to be pub lished] ; if any disobey, lot them be denounced by tho ordinaries, and punished according to Law.' The teaching shadowed forth in this Second Article, and in tho decree enforcing it, is so opposed to Scripture and common Benso that it is almost useless for me to say a word further on tho subject ; but I must not forgot it is not what I say is tu be ' gazed' at ; it is, wdiatdoes Scripture say I Well, history says that Holy Mother ( Church, nor Pope, nor Council, nor Cardinal, nor Bishop, nor Priest, has never given tho sense in which the Scriptures aro to be recoived. In vain , do we search history for tho ' unanimous consent of the Fathers,' for stich has never been given, nor can it bo given. Not only has the unanimous consent of the Fathers not been given, but wo 1 find tho Fathers differing widely on this subject, | and sometimes a Father differing with himself. ; Cardinal Bellarmino gives a list of Fathers who differ in opinion from the teaching contained in this Article, as Augustine, Chrysostoin, Theodoret, Theophylact, (Ecunienius, Jerome. Auselm. Thomas, Dionysius the Carthusian, Lyra, Cajetan, Gregory, Ambrose, Tertullian, &c.; If the reader will observe the concluding part of tho Council's decree on the subject, he will see that the Council has, Jesuit like, mado it a rather difficult task to give the ' unanimous consent of tho Fathers,' &c.; It says — 'If any disobey, let them bo denounced by the ordinaries, and punished according to law.' Not only, then, has Holy Blother Church not given ' the sense in which the Scripture hath been held and still is held,' nor the 'unanimous consent of the Fathers,' but, to mako confusion more confused, and unanimity more approachable, the Council of Trent (sess. 4) says — ' Lest any doubt should arise respecting the sacred books which are received by the Council,' the following, in addition to tlio ordinary books of the Old and New Testaments, are enumerated as contained in the list, viz., — Tobias, Judith, Tho Dream of Mardochai (added to the book of Esther), Wisdom, Ecclesiasticus, Baruch, Tho Song of the Throe Children (inserted in the third chapter of Daniel, from the 25tli to 91st versus, Douay Bible), Susanna and the Elders (made a thirteenth chapter of Daniel, Douay Bible), Bel and the Groat Serpent (mado a . fourteenth chapter of Daniel, Douay Bible), the Prayer of Manasses, and First and Second Books of Maccabees. These books were never acknowledged as forming part of the inspired Scripture till the sixteenth century. Thev were reiected in the first centnrv hv t.lin Jews, in the second by Blelito, Bishop of Sardis. in the third by Origen, in the fourth by St. Hilary and St. Cyril of Jerusalem, &c.;, and St. Gregory of Nazianzen (which sounds very like the Bishopric of our Dr. Vaughan), and by tho Council of Laodicea, in the fifth by St. Augustine, it c., in the sixth by Juvilius of Africa, in the seventh by Pope Gregory the Great, itc., till the Council of Trent, in the sixteenth century, as already men tioned, put its canonical seal on them. Although this is not ono half what can bo said against the unscriptural and antiscriptural teaching set forth in tho second Article of tho ' Creed of Pope Pius IV.,' yet I must refrain, as 'gazing' long on tissues of lies has a tendency to bring on an attack of the old malady. In concluding this particular portion of tho subject, I mako the fol lowing bona-fide proposal, viz. : — I hereby offer the sum of £5 (five pounds) good British money to ' Catholicus,' on the following conditions - That lie will deposit for my use, at tho ' Mercury' Ollice, Wollongong, on or before Christinas Day of this year (25th December, 1877), ' That sense in which our Holy Mother, the Church, has held and does hold' the Holy Scripture. And the ' unani mous consent of tho Fathers.' To continue to ' gaze' long on and examine minutely the remain ing Articles of the Creed ^ Pope Pius IV. would certainly bo dangerous to'one so lately recovered from that dread phobia. Moreover, a relapse of any complaint generally becomes more complicated and proportionately baffles tho physician's skill. His ' keen cutting instruments' might havo to be borrowed once more, and 'used with terrible etluct ore the phobia could he removed. Tins dread, then, coupled with consideration for poor ' Catholicus' and his deluded Papist associates, compels u, e to shorten my ' gaze' at these ' his toric tracks.' I might say of the remaining ten Articles ditto to the first two, but that would scarcely be giving them their due. Slight, frivolous, and antiscrip tural as the tirst and second Articles aro, yet those that aro yet to be ' gazed' at are much more so. To say that their teaching is unscriptural gives but a faint idea of tho gross absurdities taught in them, and inforced by the decrees of the Council ! of Trent, by which they are made binding on 'Catholicus' and his associate lambs. Article III. teaches that there aro seven sacraments, viz. : — Baptism, Confirmation, Eucharist, Penance, Extreme Unction, Order, and Matrimony. That two of these are Sacraments is admitted, though the mode of administration differs as widely as the poles. That the Church of Rome requires implicit belief in theso seven Sacraments is oviilent from the following : — ' Whosoever shall affirm that tho Sacraments of the New Law wero not all insti tuted by Jesus Christ our Lord, or that they aro more or fewer than seven, namely (as before men tioned) ; or that any of theso is not truly and properly a Sacrament, Let Him jib Accursed.' — (Council of Trent, sess. 7, can. 1.) That this Article and decree demand faith in what is unscriptural and antiscriptural will appear evident when the following quotations, found in tho 'track of history,' are examined : — ' Q. What is a Sacrament ? ' A, A visible, that is, an outward sign, or actum instituted by Christ to give grace.'— (Dr. Butler's Cat., p. 50.) ?' Q. What is a Sacrament in general ? _ ' ' It is a visible sign of invisible grace divinely instituted by Christ for our sanctifieation.'— (Dr. Doyle's Oh. Doc., p. 73.) The foregoing definitions, by eminent Roman Catholic authorities, will not bo questioned by ' Catholicus,' so with these as a startpoint let us examine tho five pretended Sacraments of Holy Blother Church : - With regard to Confirmation, Dr. Doylo says (Oh. Doc., p. 77) : — ' Q. When did Christ order this Sacrament? 'A. The time is not certain, but divines most probably hold it was instituted at Christ's last supper, or between his resurrection and ascen sion.' Tho same author, at page 07, says, regarding Penance : — ' Q. When did Christ ordain this Sa'eramenfc ! 'A. When he breathed on his discinuTT''^' '? Receive yo the Holy Ghost. Whose £ T'g' ' St. John xx., 22, 23.' 3' ? - i: tim? WhBn Uid Chrlst inStitute Unc j, ? \'.A' ^'le t'm? '8 ''certain : soma tliinl- ;t - instituted at his last supper ; others t ? t it W'19 }-; do,1° 1 ^etvmt his resurrection and ascensil ' WM 'i Chi'nl 'rdain H„i, , :i ^'Q. When was it made a Sacrament of tho Netr | 'A. IVhen and where Christ hwHhii„,i n ? ii Sacrament is uncertain ; somo think it « ! li ? ' or at least t»«inwofarf, at the wedding of c/na'in '' Galileo, where Christ was present, and worlteThh - first miracle, by turning water i,„„ wine (St John I ! II.) ; others, more probably, say jt ,va, fi, ' J' n : Christ declared the indi^l„Lty ^ft S I saying, 'There now they are not v. T S | ' flesh. That therefore which God hath joined™* !? gether, let no man separate.''— (Matt xi* ? ' Thus ' Catholicus', you see your own writ ! establish- whether they intend or not-thi/flrf ! that three of the pretended 'sfacti ; correspond with tho definition given, and «# ' sequontly no Sacrament at all. Or fc„ ; definite, the admitted uncertainty of the 2* ' place, or occasion, when or where, our Lord iiist 1 1 tu ted theso Sacraments, prove that there in »,» 1 record of the fact, and the absence of such recorf 1 proves thatat least Confirmation, Extreme Unction ; and Matrimony were instituted by Jesus Christ ? But suppose for a moment that Matrimony is I ' Sacrament of the New Law, and necessaiv for i salvation, &c.; , what is to become of the thoimnrl. ' ' o Priests Monks and Nuns wlu^ 'Sh ' Church debar from that Sacrament 1 Trulv H„i„ ' Mother Church is ' Mystery of Iniquity,' and nS i mistake. '' Sir, histoiy- is uo full of the unscriptural and - ' antiscriptural teaching of Mother Church that it ' is impossible to give, in letters such as these the merest outline of it. I intended to havo concluded ' my remarks on tho Creed of Pope Pius IV in this letter, but you see how signally I have failed ? Even Article 1H. is not completed by one-tent!, what it should be. I purpose, therefore, to resume 'Penanco,' which necessarily involves the Con fessional, and ' Eucharist,' for separate letters at a future period, and conclude my remarks on the :- teaching of Mother Church, if possiblo, in my ? noxt, and then give some of the results with ! ' extracts. ' j PROTESTANT. k 