HAUNTED. H<mnfed—haunted ! Our life keeps drooping Year hy year, as we near the shroud ; Still, as time ages, the ghosts come trooping, In an ever and ever- increasing crowd. When night comes, its dewy mantle throwing O'er the parcbed brown grass and the Bun-scorched ground, And the fitful noise of the river flowing Breaks the mournful silence that reigns around— The wailine voice of the river only, Save for its sad note would all sound be dead— From the darkness that circles tbe camp-fire lonely Gather strange phantoms with noiseless tread. Even as guilty Clarence, sleeping His restless sleep in the dungeon's gloom, With the crimson blood stains its fair hair steeping, Saw the pale Bhadow that shrieked of doom! So they come flocking, these pbantoms, grimly Arrayed in all garbs tbat humanity apes. Through the eddying smoke-reek their eyes peer dimly, They assume all looks and they take all shapes. But mostly in semblance of friends departed, They come and stare with a wild weird gaze, That quells the spirit, erstwhile bold-hearted, With its bitter reflection of desolate dajs. A half-seen hand is outstretched for greeting, Unfelt for years—still you know its grasp; But you know full well, if you court the meeting, A skeleton hand would return tbe clasp. A girl's slight form, that was once hailed gladly, Bends down with a ne'er forgotten gTace ; But the eyes that look into yours so sadly Shine out of a dead and buried face. Haunted—haunted ! Our life keeps drooping Year by year, as we near the shroud ; Still, as time ages, the ghoBts come trooping, In an ever and ever- increasing crowd. When the soul, in its new-born thought awaking, From old- time fetters would fain arise, It finds itself bound by a chain past breaking, The ecornful light in a spectre's eyes. You are cowardly Bpirits that come to daunt me, You shun the morn and the gladsome light: But your Bhadowy faces draw round and haunt me In the loneliest watch of the darkest night. You are cowardly spirits,' to come upbraiding The soul with things it would fain forget; In the work of life it is little aiding To recall the past. What avails regret ? Still, as the ''star-crowned night" grows older The ruddy embers will fade away, And ever darker 'twill grow, and colder; But behind it all there will break the day. O haunting spirits ! Ye have ereat reason To assert your power in the dead of night; Man is then your slave for a time and season, But he breaks from your thrall with tbe morning light. Haunted—haunted ! Oar lifekeeps drooping • Year by year, as we near the shroud ; Still, as time ages, tbe ghosts come trooping, In Queensland. ever ever increasing crowd. DRAMINGO. 