THE MYSTERIES OF CRIME; OB, The Experiences of an Edinburgh Detective.—Ho. XXTX. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] A VENGEFUL PREDICTION. ""Three young girls. were coming in from the South Side, By Nicolson-street and the Bridge, talking warmly and earnestly. The time was about 8 o'clock, on a warm rosy evening in May. The: whole three were dressmakers, working in the same shop; and they had now been home, had their "suppers, hurriedly dressed, and cbme out for a stroll. But something above the mere pleasure of (motion and tlie desire for fresh air was now quickening their steps, and drawing forth their eager entreaties and calm; reasonings. For shortness,. I will simply call the first two Mary and Annie; but to the third, who is much more de serving of notice, I will give,her full name —Jane Hannah. "But, Jane, you might just come and hear her tell my fortune," said Mary, in a tone of eager entreaty; "I'm sure I'll he frightened out of my wits unless you are by me." "Then, why go at all?" was the calm reply. """ "Because I really want to know." ' ""Want to know what?" "Why, what silly questions you ask," stammered the other, blushing nevertheless, as if in shame. " I want to know what my fortune is to he, and who I'm to get, and all that." "Well, Mary, you may well blush at your own words," said Jane Hannah? with a steady look of reproof and an expression of pained surprise. . " Is it possible that you really believe in this unhallowed non sensical buffoonery." " She must believe it," put in Annie, coming to the rescue; "didivt the 'Great Seer' tell my fortune ? and didn't she tell me his age, and the color .of his hair, and his height and complexion. And didn't I see Awn in her magic glass," and the girl's voice sank into a whisper of awe: at-the recollection. " When I saw it I could not help exclaiming, ' Oh, if Jane had only seen this!' It was fearful. There is no doubt about it—she is a terrible woman, and has great powers, and does see into the future." These words, which I give exactly as they were repeated to me afterwards, will give the reader a pretty good cue to the characters of the three girls. The first and second, Mary and Annie, were ordinary, flight-hearted girls, with the usual amount of frivolity and secret inclining tq supersti tion; hut the third, Jane Hannah, was of a superior mould, in mind, education, and culture. . There was a moment's silence, which Mary and Annie interpreted in: their own way. i \- "Now, confess, Jane,"cried one of them, " you're afraid of this strange woman your afif?" ' " I am not—I have no cause." "No, because you are to be married next month, and so can guess pretty well how things will turn out with you. " There you mistake—I am only horrified to hear that you actually believe in this blasphemy of everything sacred—for blas phemy it must be called when any one pre tends to reveal secrets known only to God." " Then, why are you afraid to go with me?" "I am not." "JThen, go." There was a moment's hesitation; and then, with, a reluctance which she took no pains to conceal, Jane replied— . " I will go, but only to convince you how little weight these trumpery revels'.ions should have with any right-minded girl." " \ ou will P" eagerly cried the other. " Now, you promise not to draw back ?" " I promise." "Ha, ha, ha! Now I will tell you a thing that will surprise you. She said you would come /" ""Who said?" " She, the Great Seer, the fortune-teller and reader of the stars. When I told her of your unbelief, she consulted her oracle and found that you were to come to her." " Her oracle ? What's that ?" "I don't know; how should I?" un easily returned the girl, "It's something she tells by; that's all I know. You're frightened now. I see it in your face." "I am not, what you see 'is pity—pity for;yom credulity, and sorrow for your ignorance." "Ignorance, indeed!" cried the other, with a toss of the head and a little anger in j her tone, " say that when you are coming back." " Now, Annie, don't be angry with me," gently returned Jane, for you kn6w I like. you, and would do anything to serve you. I do not mean that you are ignorant generally ; if you were, I question if Icotdd take such pleasure in your company, but I consider that your knowledge on this sub ject is all of a one-sided kind. I do not biame you or think you one jot less love able on that account. I have had un common chances for getting rid of these fancies—you have not; indeed few women have." Annie was softened at the humble con cessions; but still held to her original ground. - "Oh, lam not a bit angry with you," she kindly and cheerfully answered, "but let's say no more about it till we're coming back. I know I'm pretty ignorant—every body is, I suppose—-but it seems to me that if any one foretells a thing, and the thing actually takes place, that proves that they can see* into the future." Jane's answer was a good - one; and, as it bears very weightily on the present case, the reader would do well to note it. " Yes; it would tend to prove it, if they did not themselves try to bring about the event." "How?" cried Annie, warming.into in dignatipn, "do you actually suppose they would" "Would scheme, juggle, and trick!" echoed Jane. " Yes, that is just what I do believe. It has been proved that these im postors not only condescend to such things, hutpractise them on every possible occasion. One remarkable prediction coming, true is enough to make a fortune." The words carried weight with them; hut Annie was still only half-convinced. "I wish you would let her tell your for tune while we are there," she half sighed. " If she spaed it wrong I would never again doubt on the subject." " It would do no good, but perhaps the reverse," was the thoughtful reply. " Your ' Great Seer,' even by your own confession, knows or has heard of me already; and who knows hut the facts she gleaned from you may he only a "tithe of her other infor mation. For aught you know she may be intimately acquainted with all my past life, down to some of the minutest circum stance." How sound was this surmise—uncon sciously uttered though it was—and what a fearful truth it contained subsequent events amply showed. , . "Yes; but that; would not enable her. to. foretell your future, would it ?" sneered the other. " I don't know, it" would give her a handle, and wickedness and cunning might supply the rest." The three girls turned down the High- - street and into one of its dark, narrow closes; and after a... great deal of caution" and delay they were admitted to the sanc tum of the "Great Seer." It was still light outside, even in the close they had penetrated; hut true to the time-honored custom of such rogues, every gloomy ap pliance that could appeal to the senses and convey an impression of awe or superstition was here ostensibly employed. The win dows were shuttered or Tboarded in, and the whole" room draped in black; and instead of the cheerful sunlight there was one dull lamp .burning inside a dimmed , glass model of a human skull. Lively re presentations of skeletons bearing scythes and hour-glasses, and numerous other de vices of skull-and-crossbones character, were hung up on eveiy side. The effect of the whole was theatrical in the extreme, and I daresay; seen in daylight would have made a sensible man laugh; but seen only by silly girls or superstitious devotees in the gloomy light of the ghastly lamp aforesaid, the effect was .very different. - . Mary and Annie sat down pale and terri fied. Jane smiled" lightly, and with irre verent curiosity busied herself in examining more closely the various decorations of the room. The 3erking aside of a heavy curtain, and a harsh cry, in a deep masculine sort of voice, made her desist and look round. A curious spectacle met her eyes. The " Great . Seer" stood revealed—a big, tall woman, with long hair of irori-grey flowing down to her waist. Her dress was of a fantastic, Eastern caste, but not without a certain degree of magnificence, and bore here and there devices toimatch those of the room; while her belt, and the zone which .fastened her hair, was of the same ghastly character. "Ifeel it!" broke in the "Seer," in deep j tones, and fastening a piercing look upon the only smiling face in the room. "There , is;an unbeliever within the walls. Let her I stand forth?" The command was scarcely necessary, for. : Mary and Annie had shrunk back appalled, expecting little short of instant death to their . friend, and leaving Jane standing alone. _ " Yes,T am that unbeliever," said Jane, ' with a calmness and utter absence of fear that almost astonislied herself. "And it seems to me that we have met before. Your voice is familiar, and were your features laid bare and exposed to a clear light, I feel certain that I would recognise you." The head of the " Great Seer" sank on her breast, and she appeared to be waving off something invisible with her arms. "Away, away! The Fates are dark. It is not yet.. The clouds surround you—I cannot see—back, back!" Jane was astonished, and her suspicions were more and more aroused, but she allowed her terrified companions to drag her back. Mary took her place, and, according to previous instruction by Annie, laid some money on the table in front of the death's head lamp; and then the "clouds" seemed to vanish from the vision of the " Seer," for promises and prophecies flowed in in abundance. A little curtain was then drawn aside, and she was allowed to look into something that resembled a small mirror. A mist appeared to hang over the surface of the glass, but at a few muttered words from the " Seer " it slowly crept off and disclosed the faint outlines of a face, but what the face was like, the girl after wards admitted, that she could not tell, " though it was to slave her life." The little curtain was jerked to, and her •fortune was told. " The fool and her money are soon parted," was Jane's comment as her friend came back to their end of the room; and they were turning to leave, when again the harsh voice of the " Seer" broke in " Stay. Unbeliever, approach!" Jane wonderingly obeyed—principally in the hope of getting a better glimpse of the " Seer's" features. But in this she was frustrated. A thick veil was instantly dropped over the already half-concealed face; the hand again jerked aside the little curtain, and the voice harshly growled forth— " For an instant dispel your unbelief— approach—behold!" Jane's eyes unconsciously rested on the glass—some words were muttered as before, and the mist slowly left its surface; and she started in spite of herself. Something like a face, or the picture of a face, was there; but it was the sudden recognition, or fancied recognition, of the features that staggered her. She thought iii the mo mentary glimpse that she saw the face of .the man who, in less than a month, was to .be her husband. The curtain was jerked to before she could recover herself or examine the thing more closely, and then the " Seer" reared herself majestically before her, and appeared to 'look into her very soul as she harshly pro . nounced these words— " You shall yet be a wife, but never a mother A bride for an hour, but a maiden for ever." "Whether this jargon was meant for rhyme or not of course it is quite out of my power, to tell; hut it will easily be un derstood that from the attendant circum . siances the words made an impression even on the sceptical Jane, to whose ear alone they were addressed. It is true she still from her inmost soul derided and scorned the pretensions of any one to dive into the future, and, had a fortune been promised her, she would only have smiled; but still she was only a woman, and the prophecy of such- a terrible calamity, conveyed, as it ap peared to be, in a voice of deep malice and hate, made her tremble.; The " Seer" went backwards through the curtain, and vanished as suddenly as she had appeared, and then the frightened girls found their way out into the open air. It was a calm, soft twilight outside; but even that dim light fell soothingly on their jaded senses after the fevered mum mery they had just assisted in. The girls hurried on without speaking. Jane looked pale and concerned, and the odd circumstance presently attracted the attention of the other two. "She has frightened you," said one, not in triumph, but with, real pity and con cern. " Oli, I wish I had never asked you to go; I wish I had never gone myself." " Never mind—the thing" is past—let us speak of it no more," was the steady re ply. " I am not frightened—I am only concerned and puzzled. I . know that •' Seer—I could swear to it. 'Oh, I wish; . I could only have torn the mask from her!"' and the'unusual excitement in her tones only- increased the alarm and curiosity of the girls. u "What did'you see? oh, tell us." .'."I cannot—I don!t know mvself. I only ; know what I thought I saw/' And what was that.?." . There was a hesitating pause, " It would do no good to tell." The girls were disappointed, and showed it. "But what did she say ?" " Did you not hear?" " No. I heard something about' a maiden' for ever'—that was all." " And I heard the word 'mother,'" put in the other. " Oh, do tell us the rest. You know you don't believe in'it, so it can do no harm to let us know." Jane remained silent.. " What! do vou think it'll come true, then!" " I don't know. Wickedness will do anything. I wish I knew who the 'Seer' is," and then, to the surprise of the other two, Jane stopped short, burst into tears, and sobbed as if her heart would break. The two girls tried their best to soothe her, but, consideringtheir own superstitious terror, it is no wonder that their consola tion was of rather a negative description. It was a pity that at this juncture Jane did not walk straight up to the office and put us in possession of the facts. We would soon have routed out the " Great Seer," and made short work not only of her sculls and gimcracks, and her own sacred person as well, but of the, threatening prophecy into the bargain. But so it was. For sundry reasons which seemed weighty to herself, but principally for the sake of her affianced husband and his peace of mind, Jane determined to keep the visit and its results a secret. It required little per suasion on her part to induce the other two to comply with her wishes, for the girls were really affectionately attached to her; and if they knew little they felt inclined to reveal less, and so, as the days passed on, the thing seemed to be forgotten. But was it forgotten? I think not. ,It "cost Jane many an anxious thoiight and dark foreboding. Her temper and. manner, before serene and joyous, grew fitful and changeable as the day, of her marriage approached. Sometimes she would rise into gay, boisterous mirth, and at others sink into melancholy and tears, which she could neither explain nor conceal. Many re marked the change, but all set it down to other causes than the real one. The mo3t concerned and mystified of all was William Hill, her intended husband; but he , was {irecisely the person with whom she was east inclined to be communicative on the subject; and, though no eye ia quicker or more observant than that of a lover, he had built his affection on too sure a foundation to be disturbed by a trifle,, and, after the first anxious enquiries, simply "left the matter to time. The eventful night came round at last. The phrase is old, but I have too good reason for using it. I cannot describe the party, for the simple reason that I was not there. But any one acquainted with Scotland can pic ture from their own recollections a merry Scotch" wedding. The "words seem to me to carry with them a "vividness quite pecu liar. As friend after friend arrived, and the night wore oh in bustle and merri ment, Jane's fears vanished like an evil cloud. The minister came and departed. She was saluted by all her friends as Mrs. Hill in a boisterous manner that brought floods of pink to her face; and then, in the highest of spirits, the whole company sat down to supper. The discussing of this, with the attendant toasts, occupied fully an hour, and then, as usual, there was a "great steer" while the supper-room was being cleared out to give room for dancing. Every one who has been at such a wed ding knows that with the gentlemen—who at this moment are generally considered in everybody's way—this is a favorite oppor tunityfor a comfortable smoke; and that for that purpose they are generally bundled into some small bedroom full of hats and cloaks, where theycanindulgethemselvesin place. It was so in the present case. The bridegroom had mixed with them, andstood! laughingly the usual amount of banter, as near as they could calculate, for fully five minutes. One could distinctly remember! giving him "afill" of tobacco, and hearing! him say "I haven't a morsel—I must get some before the shops shut;" but no one remembered seeing him leave the room. Five minutes after he was missed. Some one had said, " Where's the bride groom ?." and was immediately answered by two of the company, one of whom said, " Gone for tobacco to the foot of the stair;" while the other said, <fNo—I heard a ring; he's at the door speaking to some one." As the two could not agree, the matter became the subject of a bet, to decide which they searched high and low. But it was all in; vain—the bridegroom had vanished. Here was an ugly state of affairs. Sur prise, and even consternation, was reflected from face to face as the minutes rolled by without a sign of the missing man. "There is no need for alarm," some one had the sense to say. " Perhaps he has met some one, and is being detained for a minute. For any sake, don't say anything to the bride. In the meantime, Til run out again and find him, if he is to be found." Two or three more volunteered for the same errand, and, then, with an uneasy pang, the remainder of the company heard the announcement that the room was ready for dancing. Now came the dreaded discovery. The bride had been too busy to notice the absence of her husband, but now, naturally expecting to have to lead off the dance, she smilingly ran her eye round the whole company, and said simply—1 "Where's Bill?" Something in the faces of the gentlemen rivetted her eyes and sent the blood rushing back to her heart. White as a ghost, she shoved back every one, and got into the middle of the room. They fell back in awe from unnaturally bright eyes and wild aspect. " Tell me where you have hid. him ?" she slowly got out, -with a painful gasp at: every word, " Oh, don't do this in a joke— if you only knew it, it is very cruel.3' There; was something so piteous in her tone that the tears started to the eyes of many of her hearers. This seemed to touch her like an electric spark, , . " Where is he ?" ' she -screamed. " Tell me the worst." "Oh, he's safe enough, I've-no doubt,", put in one, in a soothing tone. " He's, only gone down for some tobacco; lie'll be here by-and-bye." • " No,: no ! there is something more in tbjs,: You cannot deceive me," cried the: frenzied bride. " Who saw him go ?" There was a dead silence. "Oh—oh—oh!" ' Scream upon scream came from the hap less young wife, as she staggered forward, ■ throwing her arms wildly about in the air. " Lost—lost! A bride for an horn1, but a maiden for ever!" . Some one flew forward and caught her as she fell, and then the young girls crowded round and bore her from the room. All was' now confusion and dismay. Of course, pleasure was no more to be thought of, and the gentlemen instantly organised' themselves into a vigilant search party, and left the house to spread themselves over the i adjoining streets and wynds. One of these found his way to the Office, and the case was duly entered, although it was not thought there that anything serious or remarkable had taken place, but that the whole was merely some practical joke or " spreeish lark," of which we would hear no ' more. But we did hear more of it. Very early in the morning, the informant, with two others of the company, with dress suits, white ties, and bridal favOurs on, and look ing considerably draggled and jaded, ap peared with the astounding news that the missing bridegroom had neither been seen nor heard of. After supplying more minute details of the occurrence, they begged, in a most urgent manner, that we should bestir ourselves at once in the search, if only for the sake of the young wife, whose distress was beyond description. The result was a hastily "scribbled note to myself, which they themselves brought out to me, and which I read with blinking eyes, sitting up in bed. It was only a line, and ran thus— " Be good enough to see into this matter immediately. Bearers will give you all particulars. They did give me the particulars as far as they were known to themselves, while I washed and dressed; and very mysterious and unaccountable the whole thing looked. . I made no comment; but by the time we got to the bottom of my stair, my mind was made up, on one point at least. " I would like to see the friefids of the missing man, and also, if possible, the bride herself." " Before you begin to hunt for him." " Yes; it is my way—and I have always i found it work well—to begin at the foun tain head, and trace outwards. If his I absence is not voluntary, or if any malice is at the bottom of the affair, it is the most; likely place to look for a clue." This seemed reasonable, and they readily accompanied me to the bride's house, the scene of the wedding. •I got nothing out of the friends of the bridegroom—they knew of no one who could be suspected of wishing him ill, and could not hazard .the faintest guess at the cause of his disappearance; but after some delay I was admitted to the presence of the bride, It was a pitiable sight. She was . lying on the sofa, still in her bridal dress,: and surrounded by her female friends, and with her eyes swollen nearly level with her cheeks and her eyebrows—not with tears, for she had not shed one, but with quenchless grief. After a number of fruitless questions regarding her husband, I happened m a kind of random way to say— "Haveyou no enemies ? I mean, canyou think of no one who woidd wish you evil ?" "No one," was the despairing answer; then she paused and roused herself a little, j " unless the ' Seer'—if evil has been done him, that wicked woman knows something of.it." "The 'Seer?'" I wonderingly echoed; " and who's she ?" ... She gave me a hurried account of her visit to the fortune-teller, in which she was assisted by her bridesmaid, one of the girls who had accompanied her. But after all I was more puzzled than ever. " A woman—tall—broad-shouldered— with long grey hair—a fortune-teller—why, I never even heard of her presence !" I exclaimed. "You open' your eyes; but I may tell you that that is saying a good deal. Are you quite sure it was a woman?" "Yes—at least I think so. She calls herself a woman; but in the dim light it is almost impossible to get a clear look at her features." "I am glad you mentioned her. One question more, and do not let any false delicacy prevent you from answering it. Supposing this ' Seer' knows something of the thing, can you not think of any one likely to prompt her the prophecy, or its fulfilment r—no discarded sweetheart, for instance?" A sudden burning of her cheeks gave me hope that at last 1 had struck on a clue. But . at first her answer belied it. " I never had a sweetheart but one, and . him I married. There was a worthless scoundrel came about me about a year ago, but that was in Newcastle; hut though I had a half-liking for him at first, I threw him off the moment I discovered the de basing principles that were hidden under his fair exterior." •" Good. What became of thi3 man, do you know?" " Not very well. I had to leave the town and come home here, and soon lost sight of him. I believe he went all wrong after I threw him off—I mean he took to drinking, gave up his trade, and went about some times as an actor, and sometimes as a kind of mesmerist and conjurer." "Did he ever utter any threat against you ?" Simple as the question was, it drove the blood from her eheeks. " I had forgotten about that. Yes, he did once—only once—utter a threat." " Can you remember its nature ?" A sudden cry—a clenching of the hands —and a wild burst of tears, was the only answer. " Oh, oh! can it be possible that he has done this !" were the first sensible words I could make out among her hysterical sobs. "It is. - Can you remember the threat? "What didhe say?" "He said; if ever I married another, though he had to cross the:seas to do it, he would be down on me like a wolf, and blast my happiness for ever."1 "His name?" " His real name was John Reddie, but he . afterwards changed it to Professor Schom burgh." "Any peculiarity about -his person? For instance, had he particularly dark and searching eyes, with a kind of half-impu dent, half-'raised' expression ?" "Yes." " Had he a sharp face, clean shaven all over, thin lips, and a particularly white and regular set of teeth; and was hisheightabout five feet ten ?" ■ . • "Yes—yes," was the astonished re joinder. "Have you seen him ?" "I have, and about the precise locality , you give to your ' Great Sieer.' Putting your knowledge and mine together, I don't think the author of the mischief will be difficult to find." A wailing cry was the answer. "He is murdered—I know he's mur dered!" screamed the bride, in a sudden paroxysm of grief. " I think not," I hastened to put in, as calmly as possible. " It seems to me. that the outrage, if one has been committed, has been aimed, not at him but at you. It is bad enough, I. admit, for if . the whole of the details you have -furnished me with are connected into one revengeful plot, had you been of a more superstitious nature, the whole might have Deen sufficient to de prive you of reason, or perhaps life itself. It is not, I assure you, my habit to throw out false hopes, but my candid opinion is that he has only been decoyed out of the way for a short time, and will be found somewhere safe and sound." It was difficult to convince the bride; but while I was trying my best, a remark of mine drew forth an additional clue from the bridesmaid. "It is certainly strange that this woman —this ' Seer'—has never been noticed out side of the house," I remarked, when the girl immediately put in— " Yes; and do you remember, Jane, you thought you knew her voice—that it was familiar to you, and you wished you could have seen her face better?" ; " Is that the case ?" I asked with great interest, turning to the bride. "Yes. I am sure I knew the voice; I could not be mistaken — though where I have'heard it before I cannot recollect." " Yes, and I would know it again," put in the bridesmaid, " for it was deep and harsh, just like-a mail's." - c " Just like a man's " I noted the words, and smiled out at the thought. 1 "Ah, if I can only lay hands on Mr. Bonnie," I remarked^ "I don't think ther oilier—the ' Seer5:—will he far to se6k. Would it be asking too much for you to put on your things and come down and point ont the door to me P" The girl complied at once without thar slightest hesitation, hurried off for a shawl and honnet, threw them on over her white finery, and, leaning on the arm of her sweet heart, the bridesman, she sooh brought ma to the close, the stair, and the door. An Irishman opened the door, with a good deal of cursing, which he stopped the moment he caught sight of xhy nose. I asked for his lodger. " Divil a one I have," was- his- dogged reply. "It's the woman, the fortune-teller, the 'Great Seer,'" put in the bridesmaid, as tounded at his effrontery. "You're mistaken entirely; Never a woman was in my house a fortune-teller P'r'aps its the next door." " No, it isn't," I sharply interposed^." it's here, and nowhere else." "By the blessed Mary, I swear there never was a woman fortune-teller crossed my door, he began. " That's the; truth, an' I'll stick to it " „• " "Well, a man then,- in women's clothes? I put in, getting out the handcuffs. " Where is he." The cool words struck clean home. He staggered, and gaped with astonishment. He found his tongue in a moment, but then it was too late—his look had betrayed him. "Never a man was here either," he stoutly began, but I took him by-the collar, hustled him into the house, placed a police man inside the door, and led the • way into the former sanctum of the " Great Seer.'* All the: trumpery - decorations were gone ; but the Irishman paled visibly when I stood up on a chair ana pulled out several tacks> and nails, with scraps of the thin • cloth* which had draped the room still adhering.. "You had better speak," Iadvised, aa he sank into a seat, and I secured his wrists. " It will save you a lot of trouble, and shorten your own term considerably. Where's he gone to ?" "I don't know, hut I think it's New castle. They're only to he gone a week. He" sent me for a cab. to take him down; to the boat, 'cause there was another man with him who was speechless drunk." I looked at my watch. "If the boat started punctually, it is gone how," I said. " But there is a chance. I will take a cab down. You most go up to the Office. You say the other man was drunk. Did he not look more .like he waa ill—drugged, for instance ?" "He did. IT1 tell the truth—he was drugged." "How ? When ?" "I don't know—/«e did it. He sent ma up to bring him dowm—but I met him on the stairs. I left them together, and soma time after they came here—only- the one was speechless. He was young and hand* some, and dressed out for a party." I caught all this while they were locking' up the house, and then I ran down the stair, out at the bottom of the close, and over to the railway cab stance. " " To Leith! I'll make you a • present of half-a-crown above your fare if you catch the Newcastle steamer," X cried, and then I was rattling off like the wind. I did not exactly catch the steamer, but I got it to stop and put back;: and then, hurrving below, I found the two men I sought—the one almost unconscious, retch ing violently, and looking ghastly , white, and the other—the Professor, the man woman—keeping a strict wateh over his movements. The poor bridegroom did not even recognise his friend, the " best man," who had accompanied me; but the other seemed to scent danger the moment I addressed him. "It's all up, Rennie," was all I said; and then, with a muttered curse, he sub mitted to have his-wrist fastened to my own. His "props," or fortune-telling gear, were secured in two hampers, ana these I took on shore with me; and then the steamer went on its way, minus two We drove up to Edinburgh, after calling at the Leith Police Station to doctor the poor J>ridgegroom. a. little-; and" the wild delight of the meeting of the' young wife ■jvithher recovered husband is simply beyond my powers of description.; I went away to lock up my prisoner, but not be fore I bad received an invitation to return at tbe earliest moment and partake' in the joyous festivities. I made a kind of. evasive promise to comply, but it was no-use;—they were up at me before the day was over, and carried me off bodily. I don't know what they did to me, but I know that it was something little short of worship. In their simplicity, they looked on what I had done as something wonderful, and; as a kind of' king, I reigned supreme. I remember helping them to sing " Auld Langsyne," and that two of the verses, hastily- extem porised by one of the gentlemen, had sole reference to the one engrossing topic. John Rennie alias "Professor- Schom burg" alias"The Great Seer," for hisin genious and revengeful practices, got three years. His accomplice got off with, nine months. " : ' Mrs. Hill nee. Jane Hannah set the prophecy at complete defiance, by becoming the mother of six or seven rosv.: children.; but I am still inclined." to-agree with her when she says, " It might have beem different." 