SHIPPING NEWS. ENGLISH MAILS. Next Sues mail due at Adelaide, August 18. Next Suez Mail leaves Adelaide, September 6. Next San Francisco mail due at Sydnev. August 15. Next San Francisco mail leaves Sydney. August 24. ARRIVED. Thursday. August 9. INVERCATJLD, ship, 1,310 tons, Robt. Phillips, from Loudon May 19. Elder, Smith, and Co., agents. Passengers — Messrs. Wil mott, Krachbute, Brodie, Cornell, in cabin. BELTANA, ship, 734 tons, 6. Beveridge, from London April 1, via Plymouth May 16. Eider, Smitb, and Co., agents. Passengers—Me33rs, Lynch, Smoult, Allison, H. Munn, in cabin. PORTONLAN, ketch, 38 tons, E. Dalby, from Port Broughton. AMY, steamer. 40 tons. Crane, from Ar drossan and Port Wakefield. Twenty-seven pas sengers. CERES, steamer, 58 tons, J. Germein, from Edithburgh and Stansbury, Fifteen passen gers. FLINDERS, steamer, 278 tons, W. Crocker from Port Augusta. Passengers—Messrs.-Bed dome, Lamb, and Martin, Mrs. Marshall, and Master White, in saloon; and ten in the steerage. Csrgo—203 bags copper ore, 15 bales wool, 20 do skins, 5 hides, 346 sheep, and euudries. EMU, steamer, 393 tons, R. W. Osborne, from Fort Pirie. Friday, Atjgubt 10. " JOHANN, brigantine, 145 tons, J. P. Claussen, from Cape Town June 28. D. and J. Fowler, agents. Passengers—Mr. and Mrs. Koil,: Mr. Fisher, wife and three children, and Mr. Jones. in cabin. ' , : IMPORTS. : Per Invercauld, from London— For Joseph Woodmau—6 cases pianofortes. 1 For J. T. Church and Co.—3 crates toilet feeU printed, 20 do. assorted earthenware, 3 cases brusliware, 7 do.- assorted new toys, 2 do. cabihetware, desk, &c.;, 2 do. knife boards, 1 do. gilt jewellery, 2 do. croquet games, 1 do. pboto. frames, 1 do. writing paper, 1 do. tissue do., 2 do; fireworks. For D. and J. Fowler—1,606 pkgs. For A. Kauffmann, 67,Bundle-street—26 cases German lasting boots. Per Beltana, from London— For Joseph Woodman—12 cases pianofortes. For J. T. Church and Co.—13 crates assorted. 2 hhds. blue-figured china, 4 do jugs, printed and basket, 2 do. white and gold toilet sets, 1 do. figures. CLEARED. Thursday, August 9. PORTONIAN, ketch, 36 tons, E. Dalby, for Moouta and Wallaroo Bays. ELSIE, ketch, 70 tons, W. Hoffmeister, for Port Pirie and Port Augusta. SAILOR PRINCE, ketch, 40 tons, A. Reid, for Salt Creek. DASHING WAVE, ketch, 32 tons, J. W. Cathro, for Edithburgh. Aug. SAILED. 9 -GREYHOUND, brig, for Batavia. MISCELLANEOUS SHIPPING. The fog of Thursday morning was the cause of some perplexity in the roadstead, strongly reminding one of what sometimes happens in the -old country. The boarding-boat, having eom : pleted a visit to the Invercauld, and being about 10 miles south-west of the stations, shoved off ' and shaped a course on shore. The wind from the northward brought down a dense vapor which so completely enveloped the roads that in a minute's sail the Invercauld had vanished. The boat had at first a strong breeze, but it died away as she neared the shore. The sound of a steamer's whistle then attracted attention, and subsequently another, and then a third, all being invisible and the boat becalmed, and consequently powerless to clear the way or put the officer on board. A second officer from the station bad proceeded in the launch, and steamed to the South Australian. The passage of the bar was not attempted by the South Australian until the haze lifted. The Beltana and Invercauld kept an offing, and were invisible till midday. The Beltana has not changed her rig, aud is quite as smart looking a3 ever she was, notwithstanding her passage has been very much lengthened through a collision in the ; Channel. _ She left London on April 1, a westerly wind compelling her to beat down till to the southward of the Eddystone, where she fell foul of a barque, knocking away ber fore and main masts, and carrying away her own jibboom, bowsprit, and head gear. The figure head and cutwater were also carried away, and it was found that the Beltana hadsustained such damage, that she was obliged to put into Ply mouth for repairs. A portion of the cargo was discharged, and after a thorough refit she made sail again on May 16. She had fine weather after clearing the land; indeed the whole distance to the line was very fine. She crossed the equator on June 15, in 27° 15", and then had a breeze from the southward, which gave place to trades, but they proved far from the southward also, and thus the vessel was driven well over to the coast of America. After pass ing the Cape, in 43°, strong winds prevailed during the whole distance from St. Paul's to Cape Leuwin, but on working up for Cape Borda it came ahead, and continued so until sighting the light on the 5th. The Beltana having a lot of gunpowder as part of her cargo will be detained at the North Arm for its dis charge. The Invekcauld showed from the station at early dawn on Thursday, and was shortly after boarded. Captain Phillips is still to the fore, and of bis voyage reports leaving London at 4 a.m. on May 18 with a couple of tugs in atfceu . dance, and was taken to the powder ground at , Giavesend, where she received on board 25 tons of explosives. Next day the services of one tug were dispensed with, as she was towed past Deal and there discharged pilot, but the wind being strong from the westward the master elected to tow as far as Dungeness, where the steamer was cast off and all sail made on the ship. During the night the wind hauled to the northward. At noon on the 20th discharged the Channel pilot off the Start, whence final ; departure was taken with the wind light at north-east, continuing so < till the 26th May, during which time the vessel averaged about 120 miles a day. After that the wind shifted to W.S.W. and S.W., but continued very light till sighting the Isle of Palma on June 4. The north-east trades were vexatiously light, and inconsequence the prospect of a rapid passage was entirely dispelled. On June 17 a brisk breeee sprung up which took the vessel through the variables and across the line in 29° west. Here the ancient custom of making a sham court with the mummery suited to suchau occa sion was observed, and some of the youngsters were properly initiated as free men of the sea. On June 26th the trades were lost, after blow ing so briskly for a time that the vessel was dragging a press of sail with but whole topsails set, in order to claw off the land. On July 4th sighted and passed to leeward of Tristan d'Acunha, but so close that objects on shore were distinctly visible. No boat appearing the vessel kept on her track, and on July 7th crossed the prime meridian, having north-east wind and smooth sea, which rendered progress both speedy and pleasant. On the 10th overhauled and passed the ship Macduff, bound to Mel bourne, all well. Both vessels had taken in powder at the same time, but the Macduff had made areach ahead by takingthe passage inside the Cape de Vera Islands. On July 11th was on the meridian of the Cape, in 40south, but from then until the 23rd extremely slow progress was made, and during eight dayB the vessel made but 840 miles. This was somewhat .astonishing considering the season of the year. "When the weather changed, however, and a breeze set in, the vessel made a day or two of good work, and on July 27 was off St. Paul's. On August 3, in 40° south, passed Cape Leuwin, but had very light winds thence to Cape Borda, which was passed on the 8th, and on the morn ing of the 9th was boarded at the Semadhore; thence she was towed to the North Arm for discharge of powder. She will moor in harbor to-day. GLENELG SHIPPING. ABBIVED. Thursday, August 9.—B.M.S. China, 2,016 tons, T, Alderton, Commander, from Melbourne. Passengers—Miss E. Moseley and Captain Hanson. Elder, Smith, and Co., agents. SAILED. B.M.S. China, 2,061 tons, T. Alderton, Com mander, for King George's Sound and Galle. Passengers: —From Adelaide—For King George's Sound: Miss M. A. McGlade, Mr. William Trevaskis, Mr. Trevaskis, jun., Cap tain White, and Mr. Crawford; and 21 Affghans for Bombay. EXPOET3. B.M.S. China, for King George's Sound and Galle—6 pkgs. parcels, 1 do. furs, 1 case fruits, pickles, &c.;, agent, P. and O. Co.; 1 do. personal effects, J. Darling and Son; 1 do. colonial wine, Hon. T. Elder; 1 rug, J. Wintle, 20 bags : flour, J. Hart and Co.; 1 qr.-cask colonial iwine, J. D. Holbrook; 1 case piano and •effects, 1 do. electroplated goods, 1 hhd. glass iware, 1 cask hardware, Alex. Cunningham; 4 >cases drapery, D. and W. Murray; 3 do. do., land 12 casks butter, G. and B. Wills and Co.; .2 boxes drugs, Faulding and Co.; 1 do. fruit ; trees, Mr. Pitt; 6 cases oranges, Mr. Owen ; 1 do. boots, J. Johnson; l bag corks, 1 case sun dries, Tilemann and Co. MISCELLANEOUS. I The South Austbalian had . scarcely dis charged her passengers to the deck of the Fairy, and the parting cheers of the football team been answered by the vessel's steam whistle, when land and ocean were alike enveloped in a fog, which for density and duration has not often been equaled at Glenelg. A chilly north easterly wind drove down the bank of vapor before it like a wall, completely enveloping the Melbourne steamer. The sound of her fog signals alone indicated her whereabo.uts as she headed away over the fishing grounds tomake an ofiing on her course to the Semaphore. There were no boats away in search of the finny tribe along the track she held, as few of the fishermen had thought it worth while to start when the marks ashore, which would have guided them to their destination, were so thoroughly obscured, but the thoughtfulness of Captain Lockyer was none the less marked, in giving such time by notice of his approach. During the entire morning the jetty was ob scured, the boats close inshore looming like ghosts through the mist, and it was not until past 1 p.m. that the veil was withdrawn as quickly as it fell, disclosing the steamer flinders close to Glenelg. She had come down quite unperceived, to place some Affghau pas sengers on board the hulk, there to await the arrival of the China; and her mission accom plished, she returned to the Port. The rest of the afternoon and evening remained perfectly fine; but long after the Bay rejoiced in bright sunshine the bank could be seen drifting away to the southward until it disappeared altogether in the horizon. The RM.S. China had rather a rough passage from Melbourne, which port she left on Tuesday, August 7, at 2.30 p.m., arriving at Glenelg at 9.30 p.m. on the 9th. Until she neared Cape "Willoughby she had moderate weather, but the wind gradually increased, and soon blew a gale from the N.W., with a heavy sea, the vessel going almost bows under at times. A dense fog was then fallen in with, which obscured the land. She passed Cape Jervis at 4.15, and her signal was answered by the station. The Fairy had rather rather a long cruise to reach her, as she came to anchor fully a mile and a half outside the hulk. Themailhags were put on board, and the Eleanor went alongside with cargo. There was little wind and less sea. The China brought only two passengers for Glenelg. Among her passengers are 22 Affghans, who had come round in the Flinders from Port Augusta, having been on the Hon. T. Elder's Beltana Station. They are bound for India. The China left early this morning. ADELAIDE OBSERVATORY. Longitude, 9h. 14m. 21s. 3. East. Latitude, 34° 55'83" S. Time Ball. August 9,1877. Ball dropped August 9, at lh. 0m. 0s, cor responding to August 8,15h. 45m. 38*7s. Green wich mean time. 