ffaMisl. Jmltetoatcr OB, TWENTY-FIVE YEARS OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE. BY DONALD CAMERON Author)/- lt-Scripopolis,"-<£c.,. cCc. _ Though shadows gather, sunshine fades, And life appears a vale of sorrow ; Faint is the heart that God upbraids— The sun will shine again to-morrow ! EPOCH II. — 1S60.— DEATH. Part II. Scene II. No condition can be more terrible than that of a person who finds himself unknown, unnoticed, uncared for, in a :city where once he was the observed of all observers, the worshipped of the worshippers. It is difficult, indeed, for such a being to com prehend the position, to understand bow it is possible for the world to have changecl so quickly, for the clouds to have gathered so fast, where a few moments ago the broad light of day illumined the panorama. And yet how many of- us have to pass through the terrible ordeal j how many find themselves stx-angers in a place where they / are well known ! Flora Leigh experienced, all the humilia tion and despair of such a position when, after the departure of her mother and aunt, she slunk down George-street in her plain merino dress, unnoticed, yet, in her nervous excitement, fancying that every one was looking at her, and gloating over her fallen fortunes, pointing her out as the forger's wife, the woman whose extrava gance had led a promising young man to crime. For Flora had not been spared. The "gentility" of Sydney (heaven save us !) on hearing of the bursting or the great bubble, had at once declared that they knew all along what was coming; they had prophesied it, and they only marvelled how anyone could be so stupid as not to see what was the matter. A blind man, they said, could have 6een that the extravagance and display of Mrs. Leigh must land her husband iu the insolvent court or the gaol. All this Flora had heard in her lodgings, where she was un known, and where she had given a false name — a name afterwards fated to be of great fame — Agatha Arden. And Mrs. Stingy, the housewife, who revelled in gin, never ceased denouncing the upstart Mrs. Leigh who had ruined her husband. It was a dull, dark day, and the narrow streets of the city were full of slush and mire, while the rain fell drip, drip from the roofs, and a mist hid the bay and the country. Flora walked on, her shawl drawn up to her face, her hat well down. As she passed on she started occasionally on meeting a familiar face or seeing a lady acquaintance stepping daintily in or out of her carriage. Once or twice she was noticed, but her " friends " at once began to regard intently some suddenly developed beauty in the rain-sodden buildings. She "fas almost glad of this — fiercely glad. It Was better than the cold salute, speaking volumes, or the still colder ' cut direct." "What a terrible change in so short a time. In the brilliant summer, which had just closed, she had driven down this street in her carriage, the observed of every eye. An inclination of the head from her wa3 then thought to, by some magic, place the recipient of the honour at ouce within the pale of society, supposing he were on the outikirts. She looked out towards the bay and thought of the moonlight nights spent there, of the happy evenings passed as it weie iu an enchantment iu their lovely home on the North Shore; of the nights at the theatres, the charming reunions, where wit, music and the dance made the scene fairyland, or , but her eyes grew dim with tear: and she hurried on. Away, away ; this city was for her no more, until she returned to it a triumphant or a dying woman ! Turning in'-o plebeian Pitt-street she sought that olt home of the drama, the Victoria Tlieatr. It was then in the hands of a certain entrepenneur who had started operatic entertainments, and Flora hoped to be able to obtain from him an engagement as chorus girl, for she. knew that at that humble grade the devotee of opera would have to begin. But the girl had developed a marvellous strength of character, and was determined that she would win her way step by step to the highest pinnacle of fame or — fail. As she stood outside the theatre what a flood of recoil ectious came into her mind. She remembered the raptures she had felt when for the first time she had heard Sara Flower, the Queen of Australian con traltos there, when Anna Bishop had sung in "Norma," when G. V. Brooke had acted " Othello" and " Biainlet," when, later on, Lucy Escott and Squires had sung in " II Trovatore," and given her a conception of what embodied opera was. Then she remembered the pleasant days she had spent with the great artistes she had loved to gather around her — the sweet face and gentle kindness of dear Anna Bishop; the abstracted, absent-minded Wallace, the composer of " Maritana" (ere he went to England and became world famous) ; the arch Julia Mathews, then a wild hoyden; the tender " Lavenu," the great harpist Bochsa, the "grand dame," Madame Carandini (whose name is an Australian household word) ; the gifted G. V. Brooke, Clarence Holt, Eosalie Durand, Mrs.; Charles Young (now Mrs. Herman Yezin) George FawcettEowe, Mrs. Alfred Phillips, and many others, all of whom she had met or seen. She wondered, as she stared at the bills which announced the evening's performance, whether she would ever become a star. There was old Mr. Joseph Simmons, the father of the Australian stage; William Hoskins, the Australian Charles Matthews, as testy as his own char acters; Joseph Simmonds, now dead; George Coppin, that unctuous Artful Dodger, and several less celebrated. Her present application was to be made to William Saurin Lyster and his brother, Frederick, who had come from the Pacific Slope with a company of singers, promi nent amongst whom was the ill-fated Eosalie Durand (Mrs. F. Lyster), and Mr. " Squires, and Lucy Escott. Mr. William Lyster was a gentleman with a very thick, black beard, and a rich brogue, .which showed his aptitude for opera, inasmuch as it proclaimed him a true " Hitalian." He was very gruff, she knew, and was apt to discourage. The Lysters had hit upon a capital thing. Heretofore, opera was almost unknown to Australians. True, companies had occa- 1 sionally been raked up to perform " -Trova- tore," " Norma," and the -like, when such stars as Catherine Hayes or Anna 'Bishop ! desired to appear, but, for all that, the i great operas were sealed to the people of this continent. Mr. William Lyster opened' the seal, and reaped a great profit. At , first he gave the operas in English, with1 Lucy Escott, Squires and Beaumont, but afterwards he introduced Italian singers1 as all Australians know, who have, in turn,' heard Barratti, Coy, Palmieri, Magi, Zenoni, and, greatest of all, lima de Murska. It was some time before Flora could' muster courage to go up to the door, and' when, she did, trembling like a leaf,- she' was. told by Mr. J. E. Kitts, (wonderful Kitts) that she would have to go round to! the stage entrance. Perceiving her to be: somewhat bewildered,, the worthy singer accompanied her himself, and, after reach-, ing a wretched kind of a hole, he thrust her in, took her past a strange agglomera tion of scenes, smelling horribly, , and \- she was in the house, looking at the empty, ghostly auditorium, and the garish stage, whereon several young ladies and, gentle men were going through a ballet under the active supervision of a Maitre de ballet, (so he was called.in the bills) and the general overseership of . the great William Saurin himself. The principals were lounging about the wings, -studying the . score of "Masa- niello," while the scene-painters were, hard at work on Mount Yesuvius. "See, there ' is - Mr.- Lyster," said her introducer, and Flora had hardly time to turn round/ when the great entrepenneur o-ave a frightful roar, and swore a whole bdst of genial oaths. Flora was ready to sink to the floor with terror. She knew little of tho roughness of stage life, and it thoroughly disenchanted her to hear such language iu a place where, heretofore, she had only heard the dulcet strains of the prima donna or tenor, and witnessed all kinds of romantic things. " What do you want here?" asked the stage manager, looking upon Flora as -if she were an interloper come there out of curiosity. " I wish, sir," said the trembling girl, " to get a place iu the chorus." "Can you sing?" " Yes, sir." " Come this way ; we want good singers." And he led her to where the entre penneur stood at the wings, pulling his beard, as was uis wonc, wnen enraged. "This young lady, wants to join;, the chorus, sir," said the stage manager. " Well, well," cried Mr. Lyster, "let her sing then. What's your voice ?" " Soprano," faltered Flora. " Ah ! Here," thrusting " Ah, nongiunge" into her hands, " sing that." Flora took the music in her hands,- but it fluttered away from her, for she could not hold the sheets. The manager gathered the piece up angrily and gave it to her. By this time Flora felt as if the stage was giving way under her, as if every eye in the theatre was fixed upon her, as if the benches had become filled with a great audience, and two thousand eyes glanced at her mockingly. She could not sing a note ; her voice seemed gone. She tried to articulate, but only a feeble gasp or two came. " Too nervous, too nervous, no voice," said the manager, and Flora was hustled away, glad to escape. The business of the stage was resumed without a thought of the poor aspirant. It was an every day occur rence. How often managers miss great chances through being too hasty, and not treating the timid gently. Flora was gropiug her way out when ; she felt a tug at her dress. Turning up, like a hunted criminal, she noticed a woman . with a kindly but worn face. " You were too frightened," said this woman, tenderly. "Come to-morrow and tell him you will try again. He's in a pelter now." "No; I will not," replied Flora, who was pluckiDg up her old spirit. " I'll succeed yet, and I'll make him sorry he did not give me a proper chance." "Oh, it's his way," said the woman,; " and they're all like that. But — " She stopped and looked scrutiniaingly at Flora's face. ' " You are— is it possible — Miss Flora Sinclair !" " How, how d6 you know me ?" queried Flora, affrighted. " Oh, 1 remember you when I was at Silverwater Diggings," said the woman; " My husband," here her voice faltered, " was killed there, or I would never have been here " "Now I remember," said Flora. " I heard the story at the time— it was when Catherine Hayes was at Silverwater. Your husband's name, was Harry Seaforth." "It was,", replied the ..woman, in a loV voice like a wail. "With his life went out mine. I am now but a waif and a wanderer, waiting for the time when I will be called to join him." She coughed painfully, making it ap parent, indeed, that the time would be : brief. " Kate Hayes lqft me a fifty pound note," she continued, " and on that I lived for some time. When it was exhausted I took to the stage; I. was upon it when,— when Harry married me, and fled from England, and now, owing to this cough, I cannot sing, and I am only a dummy in the chorus. But I let all that pass." Flora began to think. She had heard strange rumours about Harry Seaforth and his relationship to some of the highest people in England. What a romance the life of this woman must have been. Some day, perhaps, she would know it. "Yes," resumed Mrs. Seaforth, "that can have no interest for you. Neither will I ask you what has happened to yourself ; I would not probe the wounds of others, knowing what torture it is lnyself. But if you can really sing, I advise, you to wait for me outside until the rehearsal is over, when I "syill take you to Herr Schraper,yyho is forming an operatic and concert company for a tour of the. diggings all over the colonies. He'll engage you, I know." Flora did wait, and when she was ushered into the rooms of Herr Schraper, she had recovered all her boldness, and sang so well that that artistic gentleman at once engaged her for a year, at the large salary of two pounds a week, adding that his instructions in " de use of de voice" were worth ten pounds a week. So Flora prepared to make her debut at Sludgetown, a diggings between Bathurst and Goulburn. The troupe was to go through Victoria and on to New Zealand, where the goldfields had been discovered. The company remained for some time in Sydney to fill up and. rehearse. It wanted but little persuasion on Flora's part to induce Mrs. Seaforth to join as costumier and walking lady, in fact, generally useful ; and so the poor girl had a friend, and someone who would ; attend to young Horace when his mother was on the stage. ' .Scene- III. ... '"WJhen Mrs. Sinclair fainted, the two ; ffiushrangers started back, suddenly; "The' taller one made as if he would go out of ithe "door, and his whole frame . trembled1 iwith .the most .violent emo&on.;''' . Mick' 1 Bradley was startled for opte moment, and ithen recovered all the marvellous effrontery,; . or., rather cold-bloodedness,, .which . was his. characteristic. He, cared . neither . for, hah, devil, or angel, ihen, fie ,liad j first shock, he. . became ., as . cool .as. , if the, woman who lay.oa the floor .was .a .stranger,., jnot the, mother of thefpoor .hoy,he had jleft ! , to diq in- the desert. . .. He noticed his comp,amon'.stagitation, and i seeing: the movementhe had made,, he, at t once- seized, his arm. \- '(.Don't be a fool !" cried, -Mick j," Bradley; "you've; had nothing to; eat; all; day,., and we!ve a long, journey before us. ;3Vhy,.man, pluck up.yer old courage ; -why should you fear a parcel of women ?" "My God!" muttered .his -comrade, in a low voice. " I could .meet, anyone but her !'" "Pshaw!" said Mick, " keep your pecker up, and behave proper, or you're no mate of mine; no member of Black Satan's gang; no' partnor in the great escort robbery. Here," he continued, speaking to Ailee, who was- trying to bring her mistress- to , conscious ness, 'Make her away into the, skillion,. Off, all of you." Elsie sat in, her chair like ape trifled figure. "Devil!" cried -Ailee,, standing up, her honest face red.with. passion you; have killed her. You. killed our, bonny, Frank;: now you .have murderecLlm poor mother. Bah! why not fight -men, instead of poor women-folk !" _ < ' ! - Mick Bradly seized a pistol which was in his . belt, and -pointed the glistening barrel at the fearless old woman. " Shoot me gin you like, "cried the maddened- servant. "I'm as well dead as alive, after what I have seen." ' " " : ! Human life was as nothing to Mick Bradly, and half a minute more would have seen Ailee acorpse, had not Mick's companion' turned the pistol aside. It went off, and the bullet was buried in one of -the slabs. Elsie gave a terrible shriek .and .fled into the skillion, where she cowered in the darkest corner, mumbling, as well as her falter ing lips could shape the words, the Lord's Prayer, her talisman against all evil. ,"D — you!" cried Mick, turning tot his companion; " you're as soft as a, chicken." Here, -you she devils, clear. into, the skillion before I shoot both of you dead — d— me." Mrs. Sinclair had recovered now, and. sat up, looKing ac niicx wicn an awiui gaze. (' Can there be a . God in Heaven," said the wretched mother, " and see me wronged in this way ? Can there be justice, that the lightning does not fall, and reduce this devil incarnate to ashes P" "It doesn't lighten and thunder in winter,'-' said Mick, coolly, but so fero ciously. "Come to the skillion, dear woman," cried Ailee; "they'll kill you." " Let them," said Mrs. Sinclair, rising, her scanty grey hair streaming in the wind, which blew in at the door; "but I will curse this wretch with a mother's dying curse., Mick Bradley, God is watching you, and as sure as you stand there he will repay you for what you have done to me and mine. You will die the death of a dog !" " And you the death of a — " Again the revolver gleamed, but once more the more gentle bushranger turned its aim aside, and all the danger it did was to bury itself three inches in the slabs away from where Elsie was praying, which resulted in drawing from her a series of shrieks, -so unearthly, that if anyone was passing .they would think the hut was haunted. , Ailee, terrified as she was, hurried her mistress into the skillion, and Mick, after a fierce glance at his companion, locked the door after them. " You're a coward and a fool — you are," said he, on returning. " "Why didn't you let me shoot them right off? Don't you know d d well that when we go away they'll run into town and tell we've been here, and then the gaff will be blown, and we'll get caught before we get to Sludge- town." "Mick Bradley," said the other; "use those words to me again, and I'll shoot you like a dog. I would not stand by and see you butcher these poor, helpless women for all the gold in the world. Shoot as many men as you please, but not women, not these women. God knows they have suffered enough already through you." " Ha, ha !" laughed Mick, " and may be through others. Well, well, it's no use quarrelling ; I'm hungry as a hawk, and the tea's getting cold. We must push on to night and get to the cave, for we want to see the others and arrange our plans. Here goes." And as unconcernedly as if he were at an hotel, Mick sat down, poured out a cup of tea, and set to work on the provisions. His companion stood moodily by for a while, hut hunger conquered whatever feelings might be struggling in his breast, and he soon took a seat, and devoured the viands with evident relish. It was palpable that the two men were famished. ; When they had cleared the table of everything edible, Mick drew out of his pocket a capacious flask, and proceeded to manufacture two pannikins of hot rum hud water, plenty of the first, to a little of the latter, with sugar to give it a taste. Then Mick filled his pipe, and stretching his feet to the fire, proceeded to imbibe and smoke in the most contented manner, his companion following so good an example. " Now, this is plummy," said Mick. " If I wasn't frightened that the — blues would be round here shortly — you know we saw; the marks of their horses— I'd stop all night, even though they ain't only old women." . "What's. your new game, then?" asked his comrade. ' " The biggest yet," was the whispered reply; "and if we get through with it, why, we'll he made men, and we. can go: off to New Zealand and start afresh. That's the place for my fancy. New South Wales is getting too hot to hold us, as Gilbert, Hall, Gardiner and Morgan have found out.. Ah ! I wish Morgan was with me; he's the chap as doesn't care for slitting a weasen." " Frank Gardiner's far superior," replied his comrade ; " he never takes life, except in self-defence." "Oh, blow him," said Mick Bradly; "he doesn't belong to the old school; he's not like Mick Donahoo or them chaps. But look here, my boy, we've got to move on, and get to the cave, to make things snug. To-morrow, as you're the least known of the gang, you'll have to go to Sludgetown, and spend the night there to hear what's in the ' wind. You know the escort couldn't go last month, owing to the flood. Well, it'll have a double load this time, and we'll attack it on the Black Spur, where the trees jare as thick as hairs on a horse. There's a lot of troopers but we can pop them off easily, when we've trapped the coach by felling a tree across the road. But what you're.wanted to do is to find out when the coach starts. There's to be a big concert or play there to-morrow night, Schraper's Operatic Troupe the folks are called— I saw the bills on the road— and you'll hear! alL about it amongst the diggers; . ThaFs the game, my boy. Ten thousand ounces ' of gold, forty thousand pounds'— r that's .thir teen thousand a( piece, a, nice nest egg, isn't, it, to beginife with." ' " But at .what' cost. . All will have to be killed." " The troopers only," said Mick. "But,, there,, my pipe's ;out ; let's, be off. . -The old women won't;. find much left." ' Gathering their cloaksaroundthem, the- ; two men,; with a sigh at leaving the blazing, fire, went out, and closed the door. It was a terrible night ! the snow was falling in a white, feathery shower, and the wind was bitingly cold. Not until their footsteps, had died away,; for some time, did the three wretched women dare to force open the skillion door, and peep into the kitchen. : . ". Not a.bit left !" cried Aunt Elsie; gazing . ah the depleted ' table!! - And' she" sunk int6v a chair, and lifted- up her voice and wept., -r " What are we to do, mistress ?" asked Ailee, gazing helplessly at the wreck, and coughing through the tobacco fumes which pervaded the room., "" Nothing," said Mrs.t r Sinclair, i- whose- face wore a startled, half-dazed expression. " What's the matter, dear woman ?" said ; Ailee. " You look as if you had seen a- ghost." : : .;!.; "I have heard one," said Mrs. Sinclair, . mysteriously. ' - ; -7. : y '"The Lord be with us," cried Ailee; . "where!" " - -; / ! ' ' ;!' : '! "Never mind, never mind," said' Mrs. Sinclair. ' " You had better make another pot of tea for poor Elsie; she's suffering greatly." y' " All ,the white bread and the butter's . gone," groaned Elsie) V " "More than that has gone," said Mrs! , Sinclair, solemnly. " A soul, an' immortal soul, Has gone." " God be with us !" cried Ailee. " I canna understand you, mistress; There's some thing wrong. The moment that the dawn , breaks I'll gang to Bathurst and set- \the ; police on khese men's tracks." ' No, you will not," said Mrs. Sinclair, firmly; "nor will you tell anyone they. . have been here." Ailee gazed at her mistress in surprise. What had come over her ? Mrs. Sinclair vouchsafed no. explanation. She sat before the fire, gazing' into its glowing . embers, with abstracted eyes, her face working with soihe terrible emotion.. (To be continued.) 