The Sydney Morning Herald. SATURDAY, MAY 19, 1877. In the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Several questions were asked, the replies to which will be found in the report-in-chief. On the motion of Air. M'Elhone, it was ordered that there be laid upon the table of the House copies of all correspondence, depositions, &c;, relative to the shooting by the police of the Rev. Father Healy and a person (not named) at Tenterfield. Mr. M'Elhone moved the adjournment of the House, for the purpose of calling attention to the manner in which live stock were ill-treated while being conveyed by train on the Northern line. He himself had had a number of sheep destroyed through the neglect and mismanagement of some of the railway officiais. Mr. Scholey said that if a proper person had been in charge of the sheep no loss would have occurred. He did not consider that any blame was attributable to the traffic manager on the Northern line. After observations on various subjects connected with railway management, from Mr. Cohbn, Mr. Pilcher, Mr. Burns, Mr. Davies, Mr. Day, and Mr. Charles,' Mr. Hoskins promised to take into consideration the several matters Which had been brought under his notice hy honorable members. He was afraid there was some laxity of management so far as some s of the matters referred to were concerned, but if he remained in office he would do his best to remedy the grievances complained of. He had issued instructions that much greater care should be taken with stock sent by train. Mr. H, C. Danoar complained of the manner in which meit* loafers abused the right to depasture stock on the travelling stock reserves. He also' pointed out the necessity of mpre attention being paid by the Government to the comfort of railway, passengers. Mr. W. C. BnowNB defended the traffic manager for the Northern line against the charge of negligent management, which had been made by Mr. M'Elhone. The motion "for adjournment was negatived. Ministers laid upon the table copies of infor- mations, bills, affidavits, &c;, in the case of the Attorney-General v. the Municipal Council of Sydney (return to address), and copies of all corres- pondence in reference to complaint against Mr. A. Lysaght (return to order). Ordered to be printed. Mr. Baker moved the second reading of the Duty on Gold Abolition Bill. The non. member recapitulated the efforts which had at dif- ferent times been made to abolish this duty. Several bills having this object in view had passed the Assembly, but had been rejected by the Upper House or had otherwise fallen through. He pointed out that the abolition of the gold duty in Victoria and Queensland rendered it still more unde- sirable that it ? should be retained in this colony. It was unfair to impose this special tax upon gold-miners, seeing that no other producing interest in the colony was similarly taxed. He denied that there was any extra expenditure on the gold-fields which would justify this tax. The matter had been before the House so often that he did not think it necessary to discuss it more fully on the present occasion. He hoped that this unjust, impolitic, and unnecessary tax would be abolished without further delny. Mr. Hoskins said' that it wns not the intention of the Government to oppose the bill, as it would be im- politic to retain the duty after it had been abolished in the neighbouring colonies. Mr. Fmr-ATRicK regretted that the Government should consent to give up this duty. The charge was a fair one and was paid by those miners only who were successful. The second reading, which, was supported by Mr. Wisdom, Mr. Combes, Mr. Hurley (Hartley), Mr. Cameron, Mr. Macintosh, Mr. M'Bmione, Mr. Lucas, Mr. Robprtson, Mr. Parkes, and Mr. Gar- rett, and opposed bv Mr. Davies and Mr. Stuart, was carried on division by 20 to 3. The bill passed through committee, and having been reported to the House with amendments, the report was adopted. The Common Lodging Houses Bill, the debate on which had been adjourned, was unanimously read a second time, The House went into committee to consider the bill in detail. Clauses 1 to 3, inclusive, were passed without amendment. Clause 4, " Certificate of character," gave rise to some discussion. It was ultimately negatived without division. Clauses 5, 6, 7, and 8 were agreed to, with amend- ments in clause 6. Progress was reported, and leave obtained to sit again. The remaining orders of the day were postponed, and the House, at twenty-two minutes past 9 o'clock, adjourned to 4 p.m. on Monday next. Mr. Clark's report on the water supply of Sj dney is now before tho public. Its author has evidently been guided, both in preparing it and in conducting the inquiry upon the results of which it is based, by an accurate conception of the nature of the task which lie had been requested to perform. Pub- lic attention had been aroused to the neces- sity for providing adequately not only for the present, but also for the future requirements of the metropolis. The Government had taken the very proper course of appointing a Com- mission to investigate the subject thoroughly. The report of the Commission, whilst dt brought clearly into view the magni- tude and costliness of the undertaking, had failed to satisfy the public mind. Rival schemes had been put forth and advocated with confidence and pertinacity. Successive Governments had shrunk from the responsibility of committing themselves under the N circumstances to any proposal for the execution of the Commissioners' plan ; whilst obviously, as none of the others had been worked out with equal minuteness of detail, the idea of adopting any of them was out of the question. The engineering advisers of the Government were members of the Commission, and their opinions were embodied in the report which had been challenged. It would have been absurd to decide a question of this nature without com- petent professional advice ; and unless the recommendations of the Commission were to be adopted as conclusive, an opinion of at least equal authority, from an independent source, was required. Mr. Clark has recog- nized that the duty before him was somewhat of a judicial character,-to select nom amongst the competing schemes the ono of greatest general promise, whilst keeping a vigilant outlook for any new plan that might be suggested by his own observation. One of the reasons why the report of the Commission was not received by the public as conclusive, was the belief that the merits of the competing schemes had not been suffi- ciently inquired into. The Commissioners glanced at those which were before them, and having satisfied themselves that the place from which the supply should be obtained was from the Upper Nepean, they elaborated the Upper Nepean scheme only, and dealt with the others in a more or less cursory manner. The vigorous advocacy of the others-both those which were suggested before the publi- cation of the Commissioners' report, and those put forward since-produced the impression that some of them at least were entitled to more careful con- sideration. And that consideration has been bestowed upon them by Mr. Clark, who, being in no way identified with the Commission or its recommendations, bring- ing to bear upon the question professional knowledge and experience, and having a pro- fessional reputation to maintain, was not only qualified to give a sound judgment, but pressed by the force of circumstances to give an i impaitial one. As, an engineer of standing, called from the other side of the world, to advise the Government upon a great question of public interest and public expenditure, he was weighted with a heavy responsibility. It cannot now be said of the competing but rejected schemes that they have received scant justice. Their claims have been fairly investigated by a disinterested judge, and they now occupy a different position from that in which they previously stood before the public. When the idea of obtaining special profes- sional advice from England upon the water question was first mooted, it was seen that there was some ground for fear lest the last new opinion should only tend to compli- cate the problem, instead of facilitating the solution of it. This result might have been brought about in various ways : if the adviser had not carried weight ; if, whilst personally entitled to confidence, he had left the problem as he found it, and the Govern- ment still to décide for itself between con- flicting but counterbalanced propositions ; or if he had struck out a new plan of his own and advocated it, but passed over the others with a light hand. None of these contingencies have been realised. We have a report founded on careful investigation by an adviser whose opinion commands respect ; and it neither propounds a new project, nor issues an uncer- tain sound. Mr. Clark has taken into con- sideration no less than seven schemes, exclusive of the one pioposed by the Com- mission. He has gone through them, and struck out first those which manifestly failed on investigation to hold out a prospect of supplying 12 million gallons a day in dry seasons, with capabilities of expansion, or which' were clearly impracticable ; and having by this process reduced the competing number to four, and then again to two. lia recommends "with, great confidence " -that tbe-Qovemment should adopt the i Upper Nepean _cher__ for ' the future supply of; tKe city. . 'Thi_ is the scheme recommended by the Commis- sion. And as it now stands supported both by the ordinary and Hie special professional adviser« of .the Goverrmient, the right, course is to accept it. The matter can no longer be held in suspense. If this judgment is not regarded as final, where is the court of appeal ? "What hope would there be of ever arriving at a satis- factory settlement? It will be seen that when the trial of the rival projects had been brought nearly to an end, and the survival of the fittest left only two for choice, these were the Upper Nepean scheme, and that of the George's River. In deciding against the latter, Mr. Clark appears to have attached less weight than some opponents of it have to the difficulty of getting rid of the salt, though he admits uncertainty as to the results in this respect as well as in others. He ha9 been swayed, however, by such considerations as the exceptional risk attendant upon its execution, the difficulties that might arise from the development of manufactures at Liverpool, and the prospect of certain other collateral disadvantages -the shoaling of Botany Bay, for instance. When the tidal ebb and flow were stopped. On the other hand, he regards the Upper Nepean scheme as turn- ing to account a much superior source of supply, as a permanently securo work, as offering collateral advantages by providing a supply for irrigation, pnstoial and manufacturing purposes, in addi- tion to the supply of the metropolis, and by its capability of advantageous expansion. This last point is illustrated by the calculation that although, if the works provided for twelve million gallons daily, the cost per 1000 gallons would be 8*3 pence, which would probably be somewhat higher than the cost from George's River, if the supply were enlarged to l8 million gallons daily, the cost would be 2 "4 pence, which would bo less than that for George's River water, even leaving out several important but undeter- mined items of expenditure in the last-named project. In adopting tho Commissioners' scheme as a whole, Mr. Clark suggests several modifications of detail, and these together with the rise in prices of labour and material since 1869, when that scheme was submitted, raise the estimated cost from £755,029 to-.£1,170,768. Large as that sum is, Mr. Clark calculates that, with a consumption of six million gallons per day (and in January, 1875, the supply exceeded that) and a charge of Is. per 1000 gallons, there would be a revenue to pay interest and working expenses, and leave some profit. One thing is certain, namely, that if an ade- quate and permanent Bupply of water for the metropolitan district is to bo provided, the Legislature must prépaie itself to sanction a large outlay. And it is no less certain that, if the inhabitants of that district desire to secure the pos- session of this inestimable advantage, they should prepare themselves to pay cheerfully such charges as will make the enterprise support itself. They have no more right i to ask the State to bear the cost of the water they drink than that of the food they eat. Another thing is clear, that if this enterprise is undertaken, we shall, between it and the railway extensions, have our hands full for the next few years, and the member of the Assembly who is most profuse in his asser- tions as to the superabundance of labour in the colony will have no Teason to apprehend difficulty in employing it. Others will recog- nise, before these works ore half finished, the demand they will create for a steady current of immigration. The point raised by Mr. Macintosh in the Assembly, and commented on by Mr. Augustus Morris in a letter to the Herald deserves a little more consideration than it has received. If a dairyman in town starves a cow, the beast is pitied, and the owner is likely to be prosecuted by the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. But if a hundred bullocks starve on a ruri, the compas- sion is transferred to the owner. r The reason for this change of mood rests on the supposi- tion that the former is a preventable, and the latter an unpreventable suffering. Yet beasts that die of hunger in the bush suffer as much as the beasts that die in a yard ; and if suffer- ing is what we are to compassionate, and what we are to try to prevent, it is not easy to see why we should make much of it in a single case, and make light of it when mul- tiplied a hundredfold. Mr. Macintosh suggested that the true remedy was for squatters to provide sufficient artificial food to serve against times of emergency, for which suggestion he was duly ridiculed by Mr. Robertson. The ridicule was quite con- sistent with the old-fashioned style of squat- ting notions in which Mr. Robertson was bied. Thirty or forty years ago our pastoralists leant on nature. If the season was too fat, the grass grew too rank, and bush fires pre- vailed. If the season was too dry, the water- holes dried up and the cattle were famished. These were the chances of the season, and it could not bo helped. But now, slowly though surely, man's industry is beginning to operate upon the face of nature. Runs are fenced, forests are ring-barked, creeks are dammed, alluvial flats are regrassed. These are changes, but they are only the beginnings of changes. They are the first because they are the simplest, but they are the harbingers of more elaborate and more costly improve- ments yet to come. Every year shows more and more clearly that with a soil naturally fertile, and with a climate stimu- lant of vegetation, capital judiciously spent in improvements returns in the shape of profits ; and in a few years, when people bear a larger proportion to acres than they do at present, when the number of improvers is multiplied, and when experience in improvement is enlarged, this truth, will be more readily appreciated. In colder climates than ours the artificial feeding of cattle during a portion of the year is a matter of course. Nature has made this precaution compulsory every year, and therefore it is attended to. The great advantage Australia has enjoyed as a pastoral country is, that in favourable seasons stock can be fed all the year round on the natural grasses. But this good fortune is not ' uniform, Ever and anon there comes a season when the summer food is wanting. If drought were the rule, trad not the exception, then we should have found it as necessary to provide food for ' the summer as in other countries it is necessary to provide food for the winter. But because this requirement is only occasional,,-ia.,that a sufficient reason why we should neglect altogether ? to make provision-'for it P Ib a merchant not to ensure his' . ship because a loss is not likely to occur more than once in ten years? - A,nd is a squatter not to insure his stock against starvation because a loss from drought may only occur at unexpected and uncertain periods ? Mr. Monms suggests that by the use of hay-mowing and hay collecting apparatus, such as he saw in America, a great deal of dry fodder might bo stored, especially upon the plains ; and it is on the plains that the chances of drought are strongest, and that tho ravages of \ drought are greatest. The principal difficulty he sees in the way, lies not in growing or stacking the hay, but in coveiing it norn, the weather. He does, not, howevei, give us the benefit of any of his oxpeiience as to how long hay made from the natural grasses and properly stacked will remain a sound and wholesome food. It is possible that it would not pay to mow the natural gi ass-at any rate, not on fully-stocked runs-unless hay paddocks were specially reserved, and this of course implies a corresponding outlay in fencing, and is a further hint that one improvement will bring another. Impiovements of this kind will perhaps spring up more readily on small properties, the productive powers of which are closely studied and economically husbanded, than on loi go properties, the management of which will not admit of such detailed attention. Mr. Morris may perhaps be right in saying that theic lies heie in tho future a natural and self-acting force, which will tend Burely, and without the aid of any legislation, towaids the subdivision of rural properties. If it should turn out here- after that the maximum quantity of stock can only be kept by having a certain pioportion of artificial food in reserve, and that this can be most economically arranged on holdings of moderate size,-if, in other words, it should seem that the risks of heavy losses from drought can be best insured against by a combination of simple tillage with pastoral pursuits, then the seasons in their courses will woik in favour of that end "whick legislators passionately desire, but in their ha3ty zeal seem to bo overleaping, namely, tho settlement of a yeomamy on moderate-sized pioperties. If the climate woiks to this end, and the natural operation of piofit and loss brings a conviction that experience will not fail to enforce, there will be no need of a " bursting-up " legislation to favour the preference of moderate workablo farms over vast and unmanageable estates. The time is still distant for such a consununation to be realised. Great îuns aro still the order of tho day, because they are natural to our present circumstances. The course of events has tended to weed out the small squatters who wanted either the capital or the skill to make a success, and pioperties have been consolidated into the hands of men, who having a natural aptitude for their vocation and a devotion to it, and having been backed up by our banking system, have held their own in the worst of times by patient perseverance, and grown rich by "catching every successive tide at its rise. But the conditions that prevail now will not prevail always, and Mr. Morris may have the true -fc gift of prescience in foreseeing the day when, with more enclosure, with more residence, and with a better supply of agricultural implements, a drought passing over the land will not be synonymous with so much desolation. The climate may not have changed, but we shall have changed. Experience will have taught us to be prepared for disasters that are certain to come, though at uncertain dates ; and in the heat of the fight wo shall be able to fall back on our reserves. It has often been said that to hold office under our Colonial Governments is to ran the chance of indignities when the annual salary is under dis- cussion. If there ia in our Bervice a dignified office it is that of the Agent-General, and it has been impossible to get his salary voted thi» year without his being aneered at for writing poetry. The (defence set np for him, was that the poem was written here, and has only been published in England. This defence was altogether on a wrong basis. We should hold Mr. Forster to be perfectly justified, if every line of the poem had been not only written but thought out in Eng- land. Mr. Forster is a man of intelligence and culture, and to maintain that he is not to give the reins to his imagination and his literary faculty, because he holds one of the highest oilicea in our public service, is an argument that would be degrading to the colony if it could find any considerable number of supporters. Whether Mr. Forster's geniua really does lie in the direc- tion of poetry, is a fair question for the critics to discuss, and we confess that for ourselves we think that he is too much of a logician to make a great success in the department of imagination. But he has written a book, the merit of which goes a long way to justify his toil. Dr. Arnold, though he never wrote any verses worth publish- ing, kept on trying to write poetry to the end of hiB life, and we never heard that the Rugby trustees complained that he was wasting time that ought to have been given to the correction of Latin exercises. That great man thought that it had a refining effect on the mind to try and write poetry, even if the effort was not a success. Those who find fault with Mr. Forster should try the experiment too. They might do worse, and the smallest degree of success in this direc- tion would be appreciated by their friends, even if they were not conscious of the benefit them- selves. Lord Macaulay wrote some of his most splendid contributions to the Edinburgli Review while he was in the service of the East India Company, and never got reprimanded for it by the Board of Directors. His " Lays of Ancient Rome " were written while he wbb paymaster of the Forces, and part of them even during office hours at the War Office. Mr. Trollope wrote most of his novels while he held a situation in the Post Office, and scores of literary men adorn the public service of Great Britain at the present time. If it could be shown that Mr. Forster had been neglecting his public duties in coneequenc of his absorption in the production of his poem, there would have been some reason for bringing ¿is literary labours under the notice of the House In the spirit of censure. But nothing of that kind has been alleged, or pretended ; and to assume that he either can have nothing to do, or else that he must have been neglecting his proper duties, because he has written a poem, is a spe- cies of insult added to injury, of which we are sorry that any member of our Legislature can bave been guilty. As to the other alleged offence which Mr. Forster is said to have committed with respect to his paper on Federation, we must wait till the letter is produced before we can judge how the offence has been described, and ia what terms it has been censored. I- ====--, DisTniCT Court-Monday, May 21.-Issues from Supreme Court : Bray v. Taylor and others, Muller v. Peters. Causes: Taylor v. Waddington, Starcvitcn v. Power. Sydney Mail. - With the next number of thj> favourite weekly paper, tho largest in Sydney, w~£« issued a Royal Supplement, containing VO^^JLñy Majesty tho Queen and the mcinbors of tho Boyal», with biographical notices of each. This will be not omy a valuable but 'an appropriate sonvemr of tha uuecu/* birthday, 1877. j Wot Ejukcieaxi ._"DBE-SEeÍT_-On the first 'H_i8month Mr. Honrv ,H»llo¿, Principal Under 1 "cretary, completed tho fiftieth' jars"? sorvico under _rimperi«l and Colonial Govenlent this colon}*; and 6 thercforo entitled to retiro on f i. pj >"c believe tliat Mr Halton- only continues 1 ton as permanent official hoad of tho Colonial ara» Department at _e «quost of the Premie «his retirement may shortly bo looked r.»"-g tho long «ried of Mr. HaUoran's cflUon with . the Gb- seryico, we believe thei >°t been a singlo fomriaintof anv kind as to tltn)r,"l.'wbioliho has 'djXrged the difficult and innot duties dovolving 1 ¿mT him. There is probabV fT\ .u^cr- . ft0 (fovarnincntwho has brought íe¡M higher lntclli reacc, and unquestioned fidelity to ?lerforninnco of his . "tv. and tho public is fortunato'inns so long retained the 'lino experience of tins alle «cojnplithcd man. Wl the Ministers who lmvo hold tli»« °f Colonial Sec- retary havo at different times in til"-08.. m Parliament pacetully acknowledged their oblig* »u Mr. Halloran, and test-ted their appreciation of ".". \ Nsw Lands Offices in B*uriRR»*T.-Mr. John , .younir, tho contractor for tho now1» Olliccs in Bridge jtoct.has mado considerable pro«''-'» his work, and . lie-building is beginning to mf "no show from tho itoct. Tho bnsoment story is nniplotcd, and a good Wai oin be formed of tho genera.' <« this part of tho building, which, with its solid ru*1 masonry, conveys "¿impression of stability adapt«*-'}' Uw P>'o that is to rise above it. Conspicuous in thtf w tho largo ent nineo .reieway in Bridge-street, which,*" tho carver s hand, las now assumed its intended a*ncc: uixm the key itono of this gateway is a bcantif if vwl "«»d, surrounded Iv a massive wreath of flowers, faring a crown npon .Aich is enrved the word <' Austi Upon tho basemont ¡rtory abovementionrd, is ¡now ritbe Doric story, with whichconsidorablo ndvancctneiHni; made. Alargo 'quantitv of thostono for this' .<* already prepared, 'and only awaits tho setting op", ^l^ has recently been somewhat retarded on acecí l'10 rftlns" * **° '->oric itory consista of solid centre 1T%*, connecting which aro arcades of sirailnr form to tí" lhc °Üw public otl'c<» in Bridgo-strcot. Tlicio <*, in addition to jiving a general appearance (hulosa to the building, form a pleasant break, and, byible line of porspoctivo Unis thrown into view, rclicvoH-P«"T«*«! ot deadness. Äs regards tho insido of the ">g, several heavy iron .girders have been set in their <> ""d tho whole of the brickwork is keeping paco wit) raising of tho exterior .walls. ^ TeLEOIUPHIO CoMMUNI« WITH WpOLtAIIUA. k meeting of tho ratcpayerfVoollnhra wies liold last evening, in tho Council Clifs. Point Piper Road and Ocean- street, to ronsidcr tf-mblcness of telegranbtc communication with Svdnoyie chair was occupied by Mr. J. V. Ban-aid, Mayo the Municipality. Tho chairman said that tho subjjr which tho meeting Had mot to consider, was a very í«nt one. lie had called the ratepayers together on li" responsibility in order to havo the matter diaeuf-sed, í? trusted that tho feeling of tho meeting would ho »ison with his own. He called npon tho Hon. Alex, 'bell, M.L C, to move the Orst resolution as follows ..hat. in tho opinion of this meeting, telegraphic comr»'>on between Woollahra and Sydney is highly desire The mover thought that a telegraph office, erected at tb'tion of tho five roads, would offer facilities to several Id"» »ow debarred from tele .craphic convenience, such sling Point, Double Bay, &c.; Tho motion was seconded Mr. Macquarie, and curried .ananimously. It was mj by ¡Mr. J. B. Durham, isccondod hy Mr. P. Cot*nd adopted,-" That if n telegraph offico bo estnb» in Woollahra, it is tho opinion of this meeting tharo should bo in connection with it a money order oiligpost-ofliee, and Government Barings bank n't tho nortu of Piper ward." Itvns moved by Alderman Niolfmdcd by Mr. T. Robertson, and carried,-" That thieving gentlemen form a deputation to wait upon t)on. Saul Samuel (the Post- master-General) to subu1 him tho foregoing resolu- tions:-The chairman, J>«cn Nield, Trickett, Norton, Messrs. Macquarie, Col Robertson, Machardy, mid Durham." A voto of ti to the chairman closed the meeting. Painfully Sudden ,th.-A brief telegram we published on Wednesdtfiouneed the sudden dentil of Ile Rev. Mr. Stans«* Mount ^ lctoT. The igy. Elemon was incuii of * St John 3 and ist. ä's, Franklyn, H Tasmania, nnd had lately on a visit to lurried daughter resident in this city. On Tuesday"ing ln,,t. he, accompanied-by his son-in-law (Mr ,*» Struth), took the- tram to Mount Victoria, and ad there in excellent health and «pints. Shorty after arrival, and whilst conversing .nth Mr. Struth on th"*yof the scenery, he, without the least warning, ¡down and suddenly expired, lae canse of d< was liwirt disease. . 0ar the previous Sundav aing.1>« conducted a portion of the Divino service in'S»!iP's Church, Sydney. On the Thursday evening's sf, the organist (Mr. Sharpe, for- merly of Tasmania) fed to the deceased gentleman's death by playing the ad March in Saul," and hymns expressly selected. Chkistu* BuniiT the Necropolis.-An ad- vertisement to the wine effect has been published recently :-" Churcbßngland Cometen-, Necropolis. Notice is h»rebv givo»t from and after the llrst day of July next ensuing al* 'n even' section of the said ceme- tery to which an excl> right ot interment lins not been lecnred under the pn>ns of the Necropolis Act and the bv-laws connected "wiui, will bo re-appropriated for other interments ; ajat n0 riKht o£ ' reopening ' of any gravo which has peen purchased will bo acknow- ledged or guarftuteiBy order of tho trustees, S. II. 'Pearce, ManagerNecropolis Ollice, Sydney, April 24 1877." The 'tralian Churchman has an article wmmenting in s( terms upon this order of the trastees, and in tourse of its remarks says : " Manv already ha'oro aro daily acquiring an interest ia all that relates tP management of this the largest of the Church's consfd places of sepulture, and we think |t probable that wl«*' have observed the announcement »tall, a still smaUiUiber have thoroughly realized what Chango this adverput foreshndowa and signifies. It is well thereforo tho should warn at once, and in plain ¡mnds, a]i ¿oso ^íavo friends or relations interred in this cemetery,1 and0 from any cause have not already taidtho hig"her fihftt unless'they aro willing that tho «raves which sonihem have been vainly supposing they £ave eecnuecentl-scd for all time, shall bo again broken «pen and other b piled into thom coffin upou coflin, Iffley must avert diron tened violation by tho payment of »me few 8hillin|t later thau tho 1st July next. That Is, they must d if tho present determination of tho trustees is not «led, as particularly in the interests of our poorer brethvc hopo it will be. ' We raiso our voice emphatically og tho regulation as being alike offensive to the religious mont of our Communion, and abhorent to the Ohurch'actical souse of decency, nnd wo hope the Church ñutios will promptly and' strongly pro- nounce their »proval of it. For our part, we can imagine few thnioro repulsive than this proposition to regulate God's so that tho rich or those who pay a few «hillings morol üavc secured for thom separate, undis- turbed, and wt-rod-for graves, whilst othois for lack of mono)- piymejio poor and friendless, shall bo indis- criminately Ved in uoisoma heaps. Nothing, in our opinion, short'ire inevitable necessity should reconcile the Church to adoption of any such system, and even the shadow ich necessity does not nt present exist. There can,im ho no conceivablenrgument ¡nits support other than wlnny bo b.ised upon tho economy of money and space. }f money the trustees aro receiving under the Bystera oianite graves quito sufficient for all their reasonable r-enients. Of space, they have enough to last for marara tocóme, mid if, and when, moréis .(ranted tha ernment will no doubt próvido it. But whether it vr not, there is no pressure yet upon the trustees toiipate. They can but commence to reopen graves andomely pile curp=o on coi-psp, when it is tenderedov) that the cemetery is nearly full, and ground »tensions ¡ impossible. Wo believe' that contingency need never, and we dos-outly hopo it never may." New Ie of Independent Onuuu or Good . TBMHLA»!*n Mondny evening last a now lodge, No. GS outhoregiof tho Grand Lodge of New South Wales, Jerking i* the jurisdiction of the R. W. G. L. of the World, wicccssfully instituted at tho Wesleyun School- room, Pn¿ton. Previous to tho instituting ceremonies, a short jc meeting wus held, pre.-idcd over by the G. "W. T.'f Now South Wales, Brother John Wright. S The procigs «ero commenced bv singiug the Good .ernplar " Friends of Temperance Welcomo Hero," Ker whiio G. W. Chaplain, Brother Rev. Frank Firth, engaged grayer. Then followed another ode, "Come »riends : Brethren nil Unite." A short address was Bade by chairman, introducing Brother Rev. Frank Firth., vaddrosscd the meeting upon tho principles and Mjocts pod Templary. The Cr. W. S., Brother Janies Baker, , in a shoit address, gave some details of loo weg and position of tho order. Names were tlrapidly given in, until the number reached Ifty-eit The G. W. C. T" nssiseed by G. W. C. BrotheiA.. Jones, P. G. W. C. T. Brother W. Druce, ß. W. rother James Baker, G. W. Chaplain Brother Key. F. Firth, G. D. M. Sister Smith, and tho District' Ueputyther J. S. Shearstone, then proceeded to insti- tuto tWge, and tho ceremonies wero worked in a most unpres manner, and the newlodgo was heartily wel- comed tho Great Tomplar family. Tho lodge was then ttinsU and received the name of the "Herald of Peaoeafter which tho following officers wero duly decteW. CT., Brother Rev. Frank Filth; P. W. C. W feS"i?^Son; W- F- S-» Sister Blumer; W. V«fci »ÍZ¿ VT- w- u- T-i Bather Edward Moore. It. a«m WereJ ,ocordKl to tho G. L. officers, to brîS?,M!d tho choir of ,Uo Harmony Lougo tiUÏlesejvices; to tho visitors, specially naming SK^i**88' f?Vbo US90f their reSftlil1' &0 XkLT ««Ponded to; the respondents heartily Îï» »«feo upon starting' with lif ty-eight 57m£?t excdicit PT8^^ of success: Tho BoafSlTpT*6'1.^ D"ysPTe. St. Leonards, ^ VUrillPcace'A^eXRn,iria'RIld ««» Harmony h ¿ave S, P«w«*»B» the choir of tho Harmony K,8"6 ^ery ehoiw selections of vocal music. WaÄf ^broUfh-ttoaclosoat »bout 10 p.m., the watton of officers being postponed until next Monday mS^Z10^?^^^ very handsome pro ST Th?° baU(? Tû««day night were generally **vfc» ï 'rut St. Andrew's. CATiiBDRAi<.-_'Order" oí musical service for. W__unday 20th May ¡-Magnificat, Arnold in A ; Nunc Dlraittis, Arnold in A ; anthem, " 0, Holy Ghost ! into our minds," Macfarren. Camellias.-With ' the view of showing what can bo produced in the way of.camellia**, Mr. Swoethers, of Parramatta, has forwarded to this office a bunch of these beautiful flowers, grown by him. . Tho bunch comprises a fine selection of tho various kinds-variegated, fringed,nnd other choice specimens- most of tho flowers being execed I ingly fino specimens of their kind. Fireworks in tue Str_et9.--The Queen's birth- day is quickly approaching, and as it is a festival -whereon a largo numbcrof the juvenilo community display exuberant loyalty by letting off fireworks in public places to tho annoy nnco and danger of the citizens, it maybe as well to state that the law enact« a penalty on thosowho indulge in such sport. Soveral people havo been hurt and horses frightened by having squibs or crackers thrown at them ; and there havo been so many complaints about the practico hore thrit it is to bo hoped the police will enforco tho regulations to prevent it as far as possible. The clnuso dealing with tho subject is No. G2, in tho Gunpowder Act, and rum- ns follows : " If any person throw, cast, or tiro any fireworks in or into any highway, street, thoroughfaro, or public place, ho shall bo liabl'o to a penalty not exceeding five pounds." , Newtown Youno Men's Christian Union.-A lecture on the atmosphère was delivered by Mr. .T. H. Adamson, boforo tho members of tho Newtown Young Men's Christian Union, in tho Congregational school, Newtown, on Thursdny evening. The Rov. J. A. Dowio, pastor of tho church, occupied tho chair, and, after pre- liminary religious oxerciscs, introduced tho lecturer. Mr. Adamson spoke of the atmosphere, describing at as n trans- parent and clastic tluid, consisting mainly of oxygon and nitrogen, with varying quantities of vapour and of carbonic acid gas, which everywhere environs the onrth, bearing about the samo proportion to tho bnlk of tho earth as the skin to tho orange. It is necessary to life, and is the medium of sound, light, and odour-in which moisture is raised and diffused-and the agent producing diversity of colour. Tho lecturer explained tho phenomena of wind, rain, lightning, &c;, in connection with atmospheric actiun, illustrating his subject by interesting experiments. The room was well filled, and tho audience manifested consider- able interest in the subject. Social Meeting.-A social meeting of members and friends of tho Sydnoy Society of tho "New Church" (Swcdcnborgian) was held on 15th instant in the Ndw Tcnipcninco Hall, at which sixty were present. After tea Dr. Brereton presided over tho evening's proceedings, which principally consisted of a concert in which Mr. E. H. Foster, Mr. C. B. Postm*, and several lady and gentlemen amateurs took part. Tho musical selections, vocal and instrumental, were highly enjoyed by all present, and were interspersed with brief addresses. A Government with a "Mind of its Own.-Under this heading tho Maitland Mercury has tho following : "Tolograms clsowhero nay that lost evening the Premier told Mr. Robertson that tho Government intend to stick to their programme, nnd to do this were hastening the session to a close. As a further earnest of their anxiety to do the business of the country, and to do it in their own way which happens to be the bc?t way-they havo given notice of an intention to ask for Monday ns an additional Govern- ment sitting day. Of course, the assent of a majority of the Assembly is necessary to give etfect to Mr. Parkes'"sviewa, and by hi«* resolute attitude ho is tnking just tho wisost way of getting Parliament into ' tho palm of his hand.' "We cannot believe that the Assembly will defeat a purposo con- ceived in the interests of the country-when tho Govern- ment show a disposition to keep their word. It is refresh- ing to us to seo the Assembly led once moro ; und wo believe tho Assembly itself, when it gets used to tho novel sensa- tion, will not object to follow wise gjiidanco " Completion or the Southern Railway to the Border-The evident desire to push ahead the extension of the Great Southern Railway to Albury without delay by the Paikes Ministry (observes the Wagga Adeertiier) is suggestive that their policy on this particular question of openinguptho country by means of internal communication will bo an expansive one. We congratulate tho colony upon this, as we regard it as the point upon which hinges our future prosperity. Tho Treasurer's statement shows a surplus of overa million, and this money could not be bet- ter utilised than in furthering a good railway schome. Mr. Parkes hn9 taken a step in tho right diiection, and if he continues to advocate electoral reform and tho further- ance of public works, he will have two good watch words to ingratinte himself and his party with the colonists. It is impossible to check the rapidity with which our public estate is being disposed of, and it, therefore behoves us all the moro to utilize the funds that now pour into the Lands Office in tho construction of permanent and reproductive public works, so that when the source of the present income fails us, we may Have other means of filling our Treasury, and keeping the balance on the right side. , PnOTEST AGAINST OWNERS OP STEAMERS TkADIKO ON the Murray.-The tradesmen on the Murray have been brought into competition with owners of steamers and others interested in steamboats, by the latter tradinc with the set- tlers ; and, as the former iegnrd this as unfair, a meeting was hold at Hay, at which the following resolutions were carried :-1. "'That all persons interested sign a document bnding themselves severally in the sum of £50 sterling, to be paid as a penalty for trading in any'way with stiam bont owners or forwarding agents who trade in their contituents' goods, or trado in any way; such penalty to be paid to tho committee Jor distribution as may be determined at a special meeting convened to cou-ider any infringement of this resolution." 2. " That steamboit proprietors trading on the rivers be only recognised aj common carriers, and that the agents, captains, lessees, or proprietors, shall agree to hold themselves liable for the goods placed in their chargo until their arrival at their destined ports." A motion to the effect that South Aus- tralian steamers were not íeferred to in tho foregoing re- solutions, was rejected. Coach Accident.-An accident occurred on Mon- day night to the Urana couch duo in Wagga at 10 p.m. At five minutes past 10 (says the Express) constable Smith, who was at the police barracks, henrd a noise as of a run- away ; vehicle, which soon afterwards stopped. Ho went over to tho stables, which are opposite the barracks, and thorc saw tho Urana coach without driver or any passen- gers. He took charge of tho horses and drove down to Cobb's office, where ho saw tho agent, who, having delivored the mail, sent off n groom on horseback to discover the driver, Jamo*s Moffat, who was found about threo miles out. Upon inquiry it was ascertained that Moffat took out his watch to look'at tho time, and while thus engaged the coach carno into t collision with a stump. Moffat was thrown olí tho box, and the hor»cs went off at full gallop. Thj only passenger'was a Chinaman named " Tommy," who stuck ¿o the coach until it neared Bourke's Terminus Hotel, whore ho jumped off, and in doing so bruised his leg. The Passaoe of the Danuiie at Ren'I.-A mili- tary -correspondent of the Brisbane Courier, who is appaiently acquainted from personal observation with tho strategic points of the Danube and tho Turkish provinces (and whoso writings wn have oeea.sion.iUv extracted) refers to ihc operations at Rmi in the following forms :-From the meagre information to hand it may reasonably bo sup- posed that the engagement reported at Roni was uniiu-"3 portant, and was probably a skirmish between a corps of observation and the Turkish garrison troops. Latest mail advices report the retirement of most of the Turkish troops from the Dobrudscha, but it is possible that (.ince the out- break of tho war reinforcements may have beou sent there. Tho naval supremacy,of the Porto in this war will probably cause immy of the tactics of previous wars to be leversed, and as possession of this district would enable Turkey to harass the left Hank of the Russians, it is not improbable that the latter will seek to occupy this part of the Sultan's dominions, although it is unlikelv they will make it a base of operations. Towards the south it narrows greatly, and Trajan's wall, which, lunuitig frorathoDanuboto the Black Sea, forms its southern frontier, is only 3.3 to 40 miles long. This position wns succosslully held in 1854 by Omar Pasha, and its importance is now increased by a railway running from Kustonjeh to Tchernavoda, which will enable the Tin kish navy to co-operuto with tho army. In consequence of the facilities offeied, the Russians have, however, as n rule, made their fir-.t advance into Turkish territory from a point near tho mouth of the Danube. In 1S10 they crossed as high up as Hirsova, aud on Juue 8, 1S2S, at Saturnovo. On March 10, 1851, Luders crossed at Galat/., and Priuco Gortschnkoff followed n short time later, having been un- successful in his endeavour to forco a passage higher up. The advance of a body of Russian t roops along the left bank of tho Danube would render great assistance to the main army crossing from Kalanich, Oltenitza, and Giurgevo, as although thei-o can bo no (niestion of the Russians being able at one placo or another to force a passage, yet the few roads and the flat swampy naturo of tho Roumanian banks commanded by the cliffs on the Bulgarian side render it a difficult matter when resolutely opposed. The main body of the army will probably attempt to cross either at Giur gevo or OlteniUn, and "if a crossing is attempted near rulatz, it will moat likely be with the idea of securing their left flank, and, by a diversion, assisting the main army to effect a passage higher up the river. The Fourth Estate in the British Parliament. Mr. Hutchison (says Mat/fair) adds another to the list of gentlemen of the Press in the House of Commons. In addition to the editor and chiof proprietor of the Halifax Courier, there aro now Dr. Gimieron, proprietor and editor of the ¿forth Bri- tish Daily Mail; Mr. Joseph Cowell, proprietor of that" influ- ential paper in tho north of England " to which Mr. Glad- stone alluded the other night; Professor Smyth, proprietor of tho perry Sentutil ; Mr. P. A. Taylor, proprietor of tho Examiner; Mr. Berosford-Hope, founder and proprietor of tho Saturday Sevieiv; Mr. John Morlev, of the Coritetnpo rary Review ; Mr. Walter, of the' Times; nnd Mr. Ingram, of tho Illustrated landon News. Mr. A. M. i Snllivan might last session have been included in the list as proprietor and editor of the Nation ; but the hon. member, | disposing of his newspaper property, has absolutely severed himself from journalism, and does not even write an occasional paragraph for the Nation. There is an hon. member who once occupied another,positon in the House, a moro elevated one I may say, inasmuch as it was an ap- pointment in tho Press gallery, he being on the reporting staff of one of the London daily papers. Mr. Lowo is, or was, a famous journalist, and so is Mr. Leonard Courtney, the now member for Liskeard. We need' not mention Mr. Gladstone, or include other names of 'hon. and right hon. members accustomed to write for the journals, to indicate the increasing measure of direct representation of the Press, which is one of tho features'of the Parliament that throned i in power' that well-known " gentleman of tho press," Mr. Disraeli.. . ' An Attbmpt to Break out of Gaol,-A man attempted to escape from the gaol at Bourke, but it appears to have been a'comic affair, as reported in the Central Aimtr alian. The tomporary warder said that on the previous afternoon at about half-past 2 o'clock, whilst he was on duty in tho sentry-box, he felt the corrugated iron wall Bhake, and on looting down saw the prisoner Francis Murray hanging on to the top of the wall by his hands. He at once covered him with hisiiflo and said,''If you attempt to move I will shootyou." Having remained there a few minutes he obtained permission to jump down and | romain by the wall. Meanwhile James Smith, tho acting-' gaoler, hearing the alarm went outside, and brought the prisoner ' home ' again. Prisoner, who wo had thought showed palpablo signs of his reason being nbsont, said, " I didn't break the gaol nt all. I never hurt it. I only got out to look about me. I'd have como back in the evening. 1 wanted to go and have a look at tho town." Sending mere Children to Prison.-It seems a ?tty (observes tho Wagga Advertiser) to seo a lad of only 1 years sent to prison to graduate in crime, to livo, move, and have his being among tho hardened wretches that day by day have ingress and egress from custody. _ To such men as frequent tho gaol it affords pleasure to initiate a youth in the same paths of villainy and crime they them- selves have so unerringly followed. Young ideas aro easily influenced, and tho seeds of ovil are quickly sown and rapidly take root in inexperienced, untutored, and wavering minds. Tho magistrates in such coses would do more good to society if they could sentenco a lad to receivo a taste of tho lash and solitary confinement for a few davs than by making him the companion in work with the oidinary gaol birds. The Suoar Chop at Mackay.-From the present nppearanco of the cane crop thoro is every probability (says tho Mackay Mercury) that the next season's return will be of a very satisfactory nature. Thanks to an abundance of moisture and the genial sunshine with Milich we have been favoured during tho past few weeks, tho growth of tho cane has everywhere boen quite luxuriant. Whilst the planters in tho Brisbane and Maryborough districts aro complaining of a new disease said to have bein imported from Singapore with certain new varieties of cane, it is very gratifjing to bo in a position to Btato thnt up to "tho present tiino nothing in tue shape of a disease has manifested iff-oJf in this district, with tho exception that somo of the old stools of the Black Java and Bourbon cano have exhibited trilling sigusof rust which, with favourable weather, will not bo likely to materially affect tho general crop. The season is so far of a very promising character, and with tho prospect of tho present high rates being niaintiined, the result of this year's operations should bo suchas to have an important influence upon tho general prosperity of tho district. Death of one op *'Helen's Bathes."-The New York Graphic of recent date says:-"On Wednesday evening 'Toddie,' otherwise Charles, second son of Mr. John Habberton, died of membrancou*" croup at his father's residence, No. C6, Columbia Heights, Brooklyn. ' Toddie' will be widely remembered as one of tho infant heroes of Mr. Hnbberton's popular story entitled ' Helen's Babies." Ho was a precocious child, and though only four years old, wore n No. 7 hat. Such of his infant freaks as are narnited in tho book do not at all exaggerate his precocity of mind, his persistence, niischiovousncss, sensitiveness, and overflow of phy- sical energy. His vitality and vivacity were perfectly irrepressible. Ho was never quiet except when asleep, and ho talked so well that ho was excellent society for children of a larger growth. So robust and vigorous was his body, that ho was not likely to be the victim of any disease loss formidable than this terriblo rutting off of tho broath bv a delicate inombrano which bailies nil the surgical and medical ingenuity of this age. At the time of the bereavement Mrs. Habberton was absent in Hartford, her former home. She arrived here again on Thursday morn- ing, and, with her husband, returned to Hartford this morning with the precious burden. This is the second son they have lost, ana two aro yet left with them-an older child, Lawrence ('Budge'), and a younger, Frank." Russia and Turkey.-The following is extracted from Colburn's New Monthly Magazine:-The Czar Alexander wi-ites to Napoleon Buoniparte:-" I offer you the half of Europe ; I will help you to obtain it, secure you in the possession of it, and nil I ask in return is the posses- sion of a single strait, which is also tho key of mv bouse." Napoleon, according to O'Mcarn, in his '" Voice from St. Helena," replies thus:-"In the course of a few years Russia .will havo Constantinople, the greatest paît of Turkey, and all Greece. This I hold to be as certain as if it had'already taken place. Almost all the cajoling und flattering which Alexander practised towards nie was to gain my consent to effect this object. I would not consent, seeing that the equilibrium of Europe would be destroyed. In the natural course of things, in a few years, Turkey must fall to Rustía. The greatest part of her population are Greeks, who you may say mc Russians. The Powers it would injure, and who would oppose it, are Englaud, France, Prussia, and Austria. It would be ven" easy for Russia to engage Austria's assistance by giving her Servia and other provinces bordering upon the Austrian dominions which extend towards Con- stantinople. The onlyhypothesi-" that Franco nnd England may.evcr be allied with sincerity will bo in order to prevent this. But even this alliance will not avail. Franco, Eng- land, nnd Prussia united cannot prevent it. Once mi«tiess of Constantinople, Russia gets a'l the commcico of the Mediterranean, becomes a M'ont naval Power, und God knows what may happen. She quarrels with you (En- rlaml), uinrches oft to India an i.riny of 70,000 good soldiers, which to Itu<.sia is nothing," and a. hundred thousand caiiaille, Cossacks, and others, and England loses India. Above nil the other Powers, Russia is tho most to be feared, especially by you. Her soldiers are braver than the Aus trinns, niid ¿he has means of raising as many as she pleases. In bravery tho French and English soldiers are the only ones to bo compared to them. All this I foresaw T;> I seo into futurity further than any other, and I wanted to establish a banner acainst those barbarians by re- establish- ing the kingdom of Poland, and putting Poniatowski at the heid of it ns king ; but your imbeciles of Ministers would not consent. A hundred years hence I shall bo praised, and Europe, especially England, will lament that I did not succeed. When they see the finest countries in Europe overrun and u prey to those northern barbarians they will say, ' Napoleon was right.' " A SEi.r-surroRTiNO Hospital.-The New York Tri'iunn thus desorilles a new hospital, which was opened on the 17th March last, which is intended shall be self supporling :-The main building, which is situated in Fifteenth-street, having a frontage to it of 175 feet, is seven stories high, and is believed to be so thoroughly fire-proof that it has not been considered neccssnry'to ¡usure it. The floors are of tiles, laid in cement on" iron girders; the wainscoting is of marblo ; no limber has been used except in the doors and windows, and tho materials employed in the walls and floors aro non-absorbent, so ns to afford no rest- ing-place for disease germs. Two elevators give access to the wholo of the upper stories ; and tho highest of these has been set apart for a solarium, or sun chamber, after the old Greek method. It is covered by a glazed roof, and con- tains a conservatory of rare plants, together with fresh mid saltwater nquaria.' A supply of puro water is obtained from an artesian well bcncath"tho building; and a current of fresh air-to bo warmed in the winter months by being made to pass over heated pipes-is driven to all parts of the building by means of a couple of powerful fans. A libran' of 15,000 volumes has been already formed, and another Wldinor in tho rear, fronting Sixtcent'h-street, con- tains the superintendent's residence and tho various offices ; the kitchen and laundry being at the top of tho house. The hospital will accommodate200 patients and (¡0attendants; the ordinary charge for in-patients-which will cover all expenses-will bo 1 dol. a day, but private apartments, elegantly furnished, can bo secured for invalids at rates ranging'from £4 to £10 per week. Alreut Ground Athletic Sports.-We have hoon requested to notify that entries for the evenls of the above sports, to tako placo on Queen's Birthday, will close on Monday next, at 9 p.m. Mdlle. Atlanta's Entertainment,-On Tuesday evening this lady, whose drawing- room entertainments have been warmly praised by tho Now Zealand Press, will give her first in this city nt tho Temperance Hall. . She is said to bo an admirable elocutionist, and to have a weíl-cultivated voice. A combination of the two accomplishments enables her to afford a pleasing evening's amusement. Sacred Heart Concert.-It is announced that the concert in aid of tho organ fund of the Sacred Heart Church will take phire on Monday evening, at the Guild Hall, Castlcreagh-street. There is an excellent programme, tho first part of'which consists of the Paschal Mass, com- posed by the Abbé Lanibilotte. and the second of music by some of the best composers. Altogether it is exceedingly attractive, and there is a prospect of a musical treat of no ordinary quality. Ba'chelder's Diorama.-TJiis entertainment, last night, was well attended, and passed off very satisfactorily. It has proved so popular that it is announced for another week. Victoria Theatre,-Miss Annie Pixley's benefit yesterday evening attracted a largo attendance at this theatre. There was a varied bill, including tho comedietta " The Married Bnchelor." Madame Fmnzini's bicycle not, Mr. Lees' canary bird feat, and concluding with the good old burlesque of " Kenilworth." Miss Pixley had an excellent and hearty reception which was all tho better becauso it was thoroughly deserved. The performances generally wore characterised considerably moro by good humour than by good acting ; there was a great deal of laughter and fun, and that is about nil thnt can bo said of it. This evening Mrs. Gladstano is to appear in the great'draraa of "Elizabeth." Theatre Royal.-Last evening, the " Lady of Lyons " was repeated with tho.snmo cast as on the previous evening, and with the exception of Miss Ward with the cast which has become usual at this thoatro. Tho advantage of this is of course that the star, whether it bo Paulino or Claude-and in this instance it is Pauline-has tho com- pany ready and at case ' in their respective parts. Miss Ward's Pauline is a fine and clear performance, it is in fact one of thoso parts which peculiarly suit her. Of the others sufficient has been said on former occasions, but it may bo added that their performance on this occasion was deserving of all praise. This evening, the great play "Marie Antoinette " is to bo produced. The Balmain Convent.-A raffle for a horse, in aid of tho new Convent, Balmain, carno off on Thursday even- ing. jThe winning number was 1379. After the duplicate tickets wero examined, it was found that this was one of eight tickets presented by Mrs. O'Brien, Bellevue, near Braidwood, to the Sisters, and thus _ov ware declared the fortunate owners of. the horse.« ?" 