MR. DAMPIER AT THE THEATRE ROYAL. A new season was commenced at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening, when Mr. Dampier made his first appearance before an Adelaide audience in. "Hamlet." Notwithstanding the threatening state of the weather, there was a large attendance, nearly every part of the house being well filled, while the gallery was crowded almost to the extreme limit of its capacity. His Excellency the Officer Administering the Govern ment was present the whole of the per- formance, and on his arrivsl the National Anthem was played. Mr. Dampier's reputation as a careful and artistic actor has preceded him, and we can only say that, judging from the display of his histrionic powers ou Saturday evening, the praise which has been accorded to him by the critics of the press and the public in the other colonies, has, on the whole, been well deserved. Mr. Dampier undoubtedly possesses many of those national and acquired advantages which are necessary to exalt an actor to any high rank in his profession. He has a graceful presence, his figure being of about the middle stature; an expressive face, a peculiarly sympathetic voice, which, in it's ordinary tones, bas a certain delicacy that is indescribably pleasing; a refined manner; and, above all, a cultivated intelli- gence manifesting itself throughout all his acting, and which impresses the audience with the feeling that he has studiously sought to discover the meaning of the character he interprets. All these are important elements of success, and we venture to anticipate for Mr. Dampier a highly prosperous season in Adelaide. It was, perhaps, well that Mr. Dampier chose for his debut the play of "Hamlet," that most wonderful production of the mind, which "was not of an age but for all time." In the character of the melancholy Prince there is scope for the exhibition of the actor's truest art. No common insight, no ordinary ability, are required of a man who is ambitions to ravel out the meaning and present it as the author needs it to be pre sented, of so subtle a character as Hamlet Prince of Denmark, and to give due effect to the eloquent words of that great genius, who has for centuries been the particular pride of England, it is not sufficient merely that an actor should understand the language, it is imperative that he must have some grain of poetry in his composition, else he will be unable to impregnate his impersonations with that sympathy which alone will cause it to tell. He must fully realise the beauty and the meaning of the text, and make it understood by voice, manner, and gesture, or those wondrous speeches and soliloquies, which Shakespeare has filled with such tender pathos and fine imagination, will largely lose their significance, and fall on the ordinary ear a mere chaos of " words, words, words." It is because of the difficulties with which a tragedian has to contend in making Hamlet presentable that to represent the Prince of Denmark properly has ever been the ambition of great actors. Mr. Dampier has evidently studied the drama with care. His Hamlet is by no means the finest that has been presented on our stage, but it bears in itself evidences not merely of natural insight and power, but also of that spirit of poetic apprecia- tiveness, and that refined cultured taste which must be possessed by one who would fully understand the complex character of the Prince of Denmark, and, understanding it, interpret it with due and proper effect. It is true that Mr. Dampier's general conception of Hamlet differs very little from the one which is familiar to all playgoers. The opinion of Goethe that in this play "Shakespeare's intention was to exhibit tbe effects of a great action imposed on a mind too feeble for its accoamplishment" is the view usually held, and Mr.Dampier seemingly has con- formed his impersonation to it. His Hamlet is the portrayal of a man who, while naturally gentle in disposition, thoughtful and refined, is changed with a mission beyond the capacities of his nature to perform. A melancholy caused by the death of his father, and the marriage of his mother and uncle with such indecent haste, has already reduced him to a state of weakness, when the tidings from the other world inflict a blow still harder to bear, and set him a task from which his moral nature recoils. His heart is crushed, and even his intellect affected. Then begin bis doubts, his sorrowful commun- ings with himself, his drifts and turns, his utter loathing of the world, his affected mad- ness, his ill-treatment of Ophelia, his abhor rence of the King, till after receiving another visitation from the spirit of his dead father to whet his almost blunted purpose, the act of vengeance he has so long planned is effected by an incident, which, as Dr. Johnson remarks, Hamlet had no part in producing. In so far as regards tbe particulars above given Mr. Dampier's impersonation is not strikingly ori- ginal. It is rather in the gradual development of the character, and the consistency which he gives to the whole creation, that he excels so much. Perhaps, however, the chief merit of his interpretation of Hamlet's nature lies in the fact that he does not lift the nan too far above the ordinary level. Mr. Dampier makes Hamlet above all other things intensely human. By this stroke of true art he arouses something better than a forced artificial interest; he secures a warm genuine sympathy. There is no "bluster- ing heroism" about Mr. Dampier's Hamlet, but rather the manner of a refined, melancholy gentleman, whose fits of passion came seldom, but when they did come were violent. His tone, too, was almost monotonous in its sadness. It may be that the sameness in the enunciation which marked Mr. Dampier's acting as Hamlet in his pensive, quiet, contemplative moods was a fault, especially when coupled with such rapid transitions to passionate outbreaks as he occasionally made. There certainly seemed to us ecope for a little more variety of tone in many of his speeches. It struck us also that in the interview with Ophelia, there was a rudeness of manner even greater than the text warrants, We may remark that, although Mr. Dampier ordinarily speaks the language of Shakespeare with good taste and expressiveness and introduces some changes in the text which, for dramatic effect, are certainly improvements, he has some faults of style, and commits some breaches of the text that stand out in unpleasing contrast. It appears to us that so long as the text of Shaks- peare is intelligible without alteration, it is almost sacrilege to change it. Mr. Dampier's per- formance altogether, in spite of minor defects, is one of considerable merit. He was rewarded on Saturday evening by plaudits from all parts of tbe house, and was called before the curtain after every act. The other characters of the play were assumsed by members of tbe Star Dramatic Company, but the cast was not very strong. Miss Young was natural and most pathetic as the fair Ophelia, especially in tbe mad scene, and deservedly re- ceived the honor of a call. Miss Melville was by no means equal to the part of the Queen. Neverthless, she succeded in giving a subdued but fairly correct rendering of the character. As the King Mr. West was quite at home, having often previously undertaken the same role, aad he played with skill and effect. Mr. Douglas made a passable Laertes, acting with great spirit in many scenes. Me Brown was somewhat tame as Horatio; Mr. Joyce made up well as Polonius, but rather overdid tbe part. Mr. South was grimly humorous as the First Gravedigger, and also enacted the little part of Bernardo. Last but not least Mr. Rain- ford was impressive as the Ghost. Miss Oliver as Osric, Mr. Elliott as Rosenerantz and the Second Actor, Mr. Carey as Guilderstein and tbe Second Gravedigger, Mr. Hacker as Mar cellus, Mr. J.J. Welsh as the First Actor and the Priest, and Mr.T. Reading aa Francisco completed the cast. Some excellent scenery was put on the stage. To-night "Hamlet" will be repeated. 