Country Inteillgence. A TOUR ON THE NORTH WEST COAST. [BY OUR UNTRUTHFUL REPORTER.] I cannot see what reason you have for styling me your "Untruthful Reporter." Everything I stated in my last was per- fectly true, and the only construction I can put on it is that you have mistaken me for the East Devon member or his jocular friend the Colonial Secretary. Please divest your mind of such ideas. I do not belong to either House, and if you cannot believe all I say make a tour of the Coast yourself, after which I am certain you will apologise. I can stand being called anything but a liar, or a member of Par- liament. That's the sort of man I am. Having borrowed a chart of the Ballahoo Laneway from the coroner, and with my life belt well inflated, I left Latrobe by the West Gate, crossing the moat and ramparts that separate it from the island. As I proceeded slowly and cautiously, I had time to inspect the forti- fications and engines of war made for the defence of the Modern Town, the chief attraction being the bridge with a false bottom (not guaranteed to carry a child), and one without an end, or with a sudden ending, and a long drop leading to another world. I gazed with emotion at these structures, constructed and kept in order by a far-seeing Government for the use, defence, and amusement of the coast inhabitants, and Latrobe in particular. A Kentish farmer's trouble only com- mences when he arrives at Frogmore, but his anxieties will be lessened when the new assurance company starts, "The Ballahoo Laneway Life and Accident, Unlimited." I believe it will pay well if the premiums are not too high. Some- times a gory corpse is found at the end of the drop, yet the taxes are not raised and the expenses for inquests remain at Zero. The people lose nothing by it ; they can always spare an old woman or drunken swagsman, be- sides the fun of seeing them fall over, and making bets as to whether it will be heads or tails. Pondering these matters in my mind, I wandered towards the Don, and when I had arrived at the small village about half way between that place and Latrobe, I was startled by hearing a voice exclaim, "Patient on this tall post and rail fence have I sat for the last fortnight, braving the elements, yet he cometh not, he cometh not. I am aweary, aweary. I wish I was a stiff 'un." Looking up I saw an elderly gentleman with a stove pipe hat on the back of his head. He certainly looked melancholy, so I asked him what was up — had he the cramp, or was he trying to qualify for a lunatic asylum ? He said his complaint was worse than that : he was suffering from Colonial Secretary on the brain ; that the honorable member had promised to call on his return to inspect his back kitchen, with a view of making it the terminus of the Mersey and Deloraine Railway, but he had disappointed him, no doubt lured the other road by the en- trancing strains of the Torquay fife and drum band. He thought it was a poor return for all the grub he had given him in the past ten years. I promised if I met him to use my influence, and proceeded on my way. When I had reached the top of the Stony Rise, I met a man with a weary but happy look. He was collect- ing small pieces of wood, and making them into a heap. Entering into conver- sation with him I gained his confidence. He informed me he was going to cremate himself, all but his head, and asked my assistance. I offered it readily, but at the same time remarked that when the inquest was held I might get into trouble. His answer was that I never made a greater mistake in my life. I was now in the only part of the world where a man could die an unnatural death without having his remains polluted by the curiosity of a lot of unwashed jurymen, that they kept a coroner for ornament but never used him. In fact the poor fellow had got melancholy from doing nothing, and they were going to appoint another to keep him company. He asked me to join him in cremation, and make a sort of double bed arrangement. I told him I had a mission to fulfil, and if he would wait until it was over I might think about it. The no inquest part of the business was a great attraction, but I could give no positive answer. When I had crossed the Don bridge I saw a funeral coming towards me, so I turned round and kept the road to the Forth. From what I could hear the place is formed of epidemics and sawdust, and if that is the case we can make a Don of our own any time. The track to Hamilton is decidedly bad in wet weather, and my heart bled for an unfortunate mail horse dragging his weary legs along. How long will the humane people of Tasmania allow such a state of affairs to continue. Staring ribs and hip bones are not the worst sight ; raise the saddle, examine the withers and back, in too many cases they present nothing but a mass of reeking, callous ulcers. Occasionally a rash and ener- getic constable lays an information against the owner of the horse, but he has cold water thrown on his humanity, and the contractor is only fined the lowest penalty, although he has offended many times. The same horse may be seen carrying the mails the next day. Why are the animals not inspected regularly, and the owners fined, until they see that it will be better to take more care of their horses, or not to tender for the mails at such a low rate ? If that was the case it would put a stop to blood-stained letters. Arrived at the Forth, I sent a telegram (by post) to Emu Bay to find if my shirt had arrived, and then proceeded to have a look round and gain some information. Hamilton seems to be a sort of cross be- tween Torquay and Latrobe, and is prin- cipally famous for being the home of the great Tasmanian philosopher — the man that the N. W. Coast owes all its prosperity to. I have heard many anecdotes about him during my stay. How he always took a dog out on his expeditions but never brought him back again, and generally remained very silent on the matter. Maybe his stomach could a tail or two unfold, or perhaps the dogs, when they saw the mountains of tin, quietly yielded up the ghost, foreseeing the amount of labor and disgrace it must eventually entail upon their race. For myself I believe there is great virtue in the animal when in connection with that metal. Given a dog's tail and a bit of string I could always find tin. Perhaps the philo- sopher is fond of the diversion too, and has applied his knowledge to better advantage than I have done. I had tea with one of the leading poli- ticians and confidential advisers of the present Ministry. Being a supporter of the latter myself, I enjoyed the evening very much. I thought I was wide awake, but I was as a platypus compared with my host. He gave me an insight into some of his political dodges. I shall never forget it. How the old reprobate's eyes glistened and his breath came hard, as he recounted villainy after villainy. I be- lieve he could get into Parliament if he wished, but it pays him better to work his schemes in the dark. With such an adviser, I have no fear of the Ministry going to the country in a hurry. Altogether, I enjoyed my stay at the Forth very much; the drink was good and I discovered that the landlord of the hotel was a relation of mine. We had both rubbed our backs against the same stone in our childhood. One of my aunts married a blackman, so I thought I would visit Castra and try and hunt up some of my relations amongst the Indians that inhabit that part. I made the attempt, but as far as I am concerned they may stop there. They must enjoy their lives; what a change from the un- comfortable hot bungalows, to the nice, soft, cooling mud — no more corns — what bliss ! No wonder the Castra schemers are raising a subscription to present their benefactor with a leather medal. I shall write more shortly, very probably from Emu Bay, but I shall have to remain here for a week to get the mud off my clothes. The farther I get from civilisation the more respectable I like to appear. 