. A QUEER QOUKTSHIP. . You know how it is in a letter' (began ihe little shop-keeper, rubbing her thin hands to aether holplessly). I waB writing to brother JoBhua away down Bast, hundreds of miles from here, and happened to tell him', among other thimiB, that the widow lady that helped tench school here, und boarded with me, w,i» 'going hway. I dirln't aay a word one way or the other about Mr. Steelo, for what did it matter to them whether he was a tyrant or not? I only wanted to tell them I'd been at a good deal of expense in fitting up the room, and I didn't mind her board money so much aa I did to have the chamber idle again, anil nobody about the house but myself, .though she was poor company at the best, being sickly in constitution and low in spirits the moat of the time, and after a while nearly driven orazy by the continual badgering and bickering of Mr. Steele. She uaed to oome home at night that worn out, what with the wickedness of the ohildron and the eternal nagging of the edhool- master, that I've seen her put her head down on the table and ory fie to break her heart. . Sho said she couldn't please him, do what abo might, and it was ruining her nerves to see him beat the boya' iiTthe way that he did. She w.ia sure he'd break some of their bones. I tried to cheer her us be'bt I could, celling her that boys' bones were tough, and the lit'.le raeoala deBerved to be paid up for some of their deviltry. After an.hour or two she'd come around again and be ooinfortable, but, la me ! what wan the use ? The next day, perhaps, ahe'd be worse than ever, aud the creature's health began to fail so, I was glad when she gave up and went away. . She was verydown hearted, S-tm Biley, the stage-driver, Baid, all the way down to the train, und he gave it as hia opinion thtkV Mr. Steele waa no better than a black-hearted tyrant. Sim is tuoh a good-natured fellow that it quite wore upon his mind, and he stopped a bit with me'on hia way to the evening train to talk it over. I wanted him to get some ittle,, things forme at Pikeville, and while I was making out the memorandum, Sim told me how he pitied whatever poor body waB to take that poor creature's place. You oan just fancy how I felt when Sam drove up to the door ohat night, and 1 went out to get the package, to see brother Joshua's daughter Jemima on the seat with Sam, chatting and laughing away as merry &b; a cricket. I waa powerful glad to see the child, but dreadfully m irtiu'ed to find her tucked ia there with the driver. I told Sam pretty ahurply that he ought to know better, for their waa plenty of room inside, and I didn't know what the boarders over the way would think of it. ' She was bound to ride outBide,' said Sam ; 'and a wilful woman must have her way.' ' Why, ita nil the fashion up our way,' said Hiine. 'The Bummer boarders ewarm all over the tops of the ooachea like bo many lively bees ; but if it hurts anybody's feel ings, I'm aorry. Asohool inarm must mind her p'a and q'a.' ' A souool-marm ?' I Baid, wondering what the ohild meant. Then she, told me she'd oome out to take that poor little woman's plaoe; that she'd written to Mr. Steele as soun as my letter was read at home, for she couldn't get along at the Bohool there. ' It would take a saint to put ap with their airs and their interference, and yon know I like to have my own way,' said my nieoe Jemina. ' Yea,' I Baid, for I had known Mime's temper from a child. Auy body -could see from her hair how fiery she. was ;- but the deur obild wan just as the good Lord had Been fit to make her, und I, for one, never hold red-haired people accountable for freaks of temper. Only you can see how ridiculous it seemed to me for her to teach under Mr. Steele. ' Out of the frying-pan into the firo, Mime,' I said. ' The Bohool-master has it all Iub own way here, and he's little better than a brute. I've seen under my own eyes a woman's heart almost broken with him.' Than I went on to tell how he'd tormented that poor widow woman into'giving up the plaoo, and how I'd spen her worry and fret till the skin fairly dropped off her bones. ' irfooh 1 pooh I' said my nieoe ; ' the Bkin won't drop off my bones, aunty.' Aud I oouldn't help thinking what n, pity it would be if it did, for whiter and finer and whok'Bomer Bkin I never did see. It was the kind that so often cornea with red hair, and a lovelier colour never was in a blossom than bloomed in Mimo'fl ohoek when Bhe oried out, ' I've got to fight it out somewhere, aunty ; lot him iniud hia own business, and I'll mind mino I' My heart fairly warmed to the girl as she sat opposite me at tho table, crunching slice after ulioe of toast between her white teeth, and devouring the daintleB one by one. Thu little widow had been bo finicky, and I had such a poor appetite myself, that things cimo und went upon the table, aud were warmed up and f uaed over till a body got tired of teeiug thnm. Then ahe was my own flush nud blood, and had the Schoonmaker noae, a little high with Mime, and freckled over tho bridge a bit, but she was a bonny, blithe, fresh-looking creature, so different from the wretched little woman that had just gone uwny. I couldn't bear the thoughts of her spirits and hf-alth being broken by ,that dreadful Mr. Steele. , ' I'll tell you, Mime,' I aaid, as she dried the diahes for me, 'what we'll do. You shall atay at home with me and help about the bhop ; there's bonnets now and then to trim, and lotB of little knlcknaoki in worsted work to be made.' ' Now, aunty,' said Mime, ' ft buffnlo would be less clumsy at trimming a bonnet thun I would, aud as for worsted-work — '.' ' I suppose i-o,' I said, for I could see she was determined to teach. The next morning »he went to Bohool, and for a mouth or so everything went right, and I didn't hear a word of complaint from her. She made fun enough of the school- inastor, and said he didn't know how to manage the boys, and made himBelf more trouble than wan neceaBary ; that a coiixing word of hisrs went farther than a dozen slashes with that1 rod of hia ? but everyone had their own way, and it wa» none of her busineaa. ' She was getting along splendidly, and tho smaller ohildren were quite delighted with a way she had of picturing out things on the black-board. Mimo whs quite ready with her pencil, aud had uiude us laueh. Sum Biley and me, many a tlmo by oorawliug off funny oonoeita on paper. Sam Bily began to drop in at night, and I noticed he was quite taken with Mimo. Sam was well lo^do, aud, outside of his Hue of stages, owned a' fine hou«e down on the main road. Sam didn't miud being hit off himself once in u while— him and his horses and passengers and all ; he used to eib back in hia ohair and laugh till the tears rolled down his oheeka, and look over ut me, wink ing and blinking, and whispering, uudur hia breath, what r wonderful woman she wm. ' She's aa fresh and handsome aB a roBo,' he would say when Mime was out of tho room ; ' and what health she'a got,,and wlmt spirits 1' . I oould see how things were going. Dear 1 dear ! I used to sit aud picture it all out to myBelf, and think how nice it would bo »o have Mime settled near me for life. So when she came home one afternoon from Bohool, with a bright spot burning on eithur cheek, au angry flame in her eyeB, and Baid to me thut war had begun between her and Mr. Steele, I didu't bo much mind, for I thought the Booner she got discouraged tbe better, sum was wen uu w -''»ji »uu though Mime's skin made hor look younger than sha was, there wasn't so much differ ence as you'd think between their ages. ' He'B forbidden my illustrations on tbe blaqk-board, aumy,' said Mimo ; and though I didn't know one bit of board from another, I oould see by the way she felt about it thai, it wbb a great spite to Mime ' He oalla them pernioious and exciting to the imagina tion, and injurious to more praotioal require ments,' said Jemima. And I oouldn't quite get tbe hang of his objections, for every word »l the Hohoplmaster'B was as long as the moral law, but I oould toll it was Borne imposition of his. ' He's a narrow-minded idiot, and I shall tell him so if he persists in this notion,' said Mime. 'If he persists,' I said, 'you'd better givo it up. He's bo set in hia way, thore's uo useorossing him.' ' I won't let him cross me,' said Mime, and she didn't. She went on with her pictures on the blackboard for a full week or more, till one night there ,was a rap at the sittiug-room door, and it gave 'me qnite a turn to see the long bony figure of the school mastor standing on tbe threshold. Mime started up, a hot colour leaping into her face, and stood there confronting him like a young Jezebel. The man looked pale enough himBelf, sink ing into the chair I set for him as 'if he waB quite warn and spent like, and he seemed beat out in aomo way; for though he fixed hia eyes savagely on Mime, there waa Bome thing in 'em that looked tired and hunted. ' I have oome here to remonstrate with your, niece, madam,' he naid to me, ' though I've found it of very littlo use and profit heretofore ; but however capable and efficient he may be, and however judicious it may seem to retain her services, her spirit of in subordination/ is too dangerous an example to the naturally rebellious and headstrong temperament of youth. She must confine herself strictly to the rules that govern the method of instruction. The trustees — ' ' Don't put it on tho trustees,' broke in Mime ; and I was glad she took it upon her self to answer him, for I couldn't make out head or tail of what he was saying, what with his long wordB and the;fluster I was in. ' The trustees nre mere lay figures for you to dress your petty schemes of conceit and tyranny upon.' He waved hia hand impatiently, and went on : ' It ia the will of the trustees that you shall put aside the puerile and reprehensible coursa you have taksn in exciting the imagination and creating frivoloug and mischievous emotions. The pursuits of my own claBB have been interrupted, their atten tion distracted — ' ' Why don't your data mind their own buBineas t' aaid Mime. ' Why do you look at rae.Bor listen to me, or bother with me at all! It is not your olasi that ii disturbed, Mr. Steele, it is you.' The school-maater'a face suddenly reddened, then grew paler than before; he wiped the perspiration from his long high forehead, and his bony fingers actually trembled on bin kneea. I don't wonder he was mad, for Mime went on in the most outrageous way. Her spunk was up, and she wasn't a bit afraid of him. ' You can't bear to see knowledge made easy and pleasant,' she Baid. ' You'd like to kuook every now idea into the brain with a eledge-hummer ; you h»te to look over at the children and me, and see us making light of our task— it's gall and wormwood to you, Mr. Steole.' ' Hush, Mime I' I' I said, for I could see that he waa getting more and morn excited, »nd I didn't know but what he'd fling the lamp at her head, or something. But'1 he mastered himself, and up he got and went away without another word ; and pretty aoon Sam Biley came in. I thought we'd have a nioe evening, for Mime waa in high feather ; and sitting down to the table, ahe caught up a penoil and made the school-manter take every ridioulouB ahapa i hat she could. Hor eyes shone and her cheeka glowed, and I didn't wonder Sam could ut tako his eyea of her face. ' Say the word, Mime,' said Sum, ' and I'll punch tho idiot's head.' ' Who are you oalling an idiot ?' said Mime, turning Btraight upon Sam. ' If yon had tho hundrodth part of his intelligence, you mii$ht be glad.' ' I thought you called him so younelf,' said Sam, meekly, for he was head-over-ears in love with the young tormngant. , ' If I did,' said Mime, ' it wa» absurd, nnd I'll never do it again. No, S«m, I'll beat him with hia own weapons. I'll go to the truatees inyaolf. If he can wheedle and coax them, bo can I ; and if ho can bully them, perhaps I can do thut too.' ' You can do anything,' said poor Sam. And soon after that Mime (aid ihe was tired and sleepy, and aent Sam off, aB cooVoa you ploan«. Then the got npon her test and walked about' ti.e lluor, uud 1 ouuki'see aha was terribly; put out and exoited jby the school mnster's visit. ' You'll wear yourself ont for nothing,' I said, for it vexed me to see her all in a fret' that way from puro Bpite. 'He'll break o, your health and spirits like he did with that '*?-., poor little body that was here before you.' ^t 'I don't believe all those:. stories about that woman, aunty. I've found ont she had heavier troubles than thoso put upon her by the sohoolmaater. You mustn't beliove all that you hoar.' ' That was the way with Mime— sho was - - that contrary when she was vexed that she'd ? j swear blaok was white, and take the part ol ' .^ the evil one himBolf. * - She began from that time out to fight hard for her own way, and it got to bo pretty ', well known Bhe was winning over the trus tees. The ohildren had never liked anybody as they did Mimo, and little Bill Fritohard, that used to play truant half the time, and would rather take a beating any day than be pent up in school, went there us regular as olook-work now, and began to mark ont horses and dogs with a stump of a pencil himself ; and Mr. Pritohard he was one of the truBtooB, and thought the world and all of my nieoe Jemima. B ut somehow or other, just bb I Baid, the continual worriment of it fretted Mime, and she got thin and loBt her pretty colour ; and the night she came home and said she had got the best of the school-master, . and the notioe had been served on him that day that he was to let hor have her own way of teaching, that night I made up my mind it waa about time it was settled1 in some way, . ? lor Mimo was more fidgety and contrary than ever; aud I don't believe every thing would have turned out aa it did if Mime had been in tier sooer sonBea. Tho girl waa about half wild, and I don'J; believe Bhe knew what she was about; for it stands to reaaon Bho must ' have hated the achool-master, and yet when I began to glory over his defeat, and say how ^ ' glad Sam Rilay would be, she shut me up in _ - ? a minute. ' ' ?'Sim Riley and Mr. Steelo,1.1. she BUd, ^ j; 'ar« two very different men.' ?-! ' I should hope ao, I satd. ? . .; ' Sam is made of a different stuff, ana ^ went on to say. ' The little prioks and ? f torments that stiugthe uoul of Mr. Sieele to madness would be utterly unfelt by Sam. ; Sum is a good felliW; — ' 'Thauk you for Sam,' I said, for she was enough to provoke a Baint. ' But he has not the capacity for suffering that Mr. Steele Iibb; and oh, aunty, ha does suffer I' ' Serve him right, the monster,' I Barn; i and had soaroe got the words out ol my mouth when there was a rap at the door. I went over, thinking it was Sam Biley, when there was the thin, gaunt fuoe ol the sohool- , master again. He oame in and bowed as grave as an owl, and sat down on a ohair by the door; his oane rolled down beside him on the floor, and for a full minute or bo he oouldn't find a. word out of that long dictionary in hit head. I was glad to see that Mime'a . Bpunk oame baok at tbe Bight of him. Her eyes were as oright as they oould be, and her oheoks lika the heart of a hollyhook. 'My errand h«re, Miss Jemima,' he began, ' is nltogeiher a friendly one. You have so muoh spirit and determination that I think your present subordinate position is unfit for you. I know of one that will be ' shortly vaoant, whioh you oan fill with great, oredit to yourself aud all oonournedi' ' I am muoh obliged to you,' said Mimo, w her lipa beginning to ourl, and the colour in her ohet-kd deepening to a flame, ' Tmt I'm quite satisfied where I am. I oan well 'i understand that you'd be glad to be rid of me, batijl must beg to decline. I'm not, going away from here.' ' But I am going away from here,' said the Bohoolmaster, getting upon his feet. ' It is my plaoe that will be vaoant, and that I think you may have it if you^ohoose.' , ' Tau— you 1' said Mime : and I don't wonder tbe ohild was astounded at the news. I was quite flustered myself. ' lea,' said the sohoolmaBter : ' you oan have your own way now.' And ho wont ont the door, bowing awkwardly as he went, a' , queer, miserable smile straggling into hia , faoe. ' Dear I dear 1 the contrariness of woman I No sooner was the door well shut on him than Mime put her head down on the table and began to cry. Her hair got loose and fell all about her, and, to make the matter worio, I heard a footatep outaide, and this time I / ' thought it must be Sam Biley. ' For goodness' sake, Mime,' I Baid, ' don't let Sam Biley aee you in this way 1' But tbe door opened, and there stood the achool-master again. He Baid ho had oome baok for his cane ; but he never even stooped' to pick it up, but stood staring at Mimo ao if Bhe was a ghost instead of tho fresh, pretty, wholesome creature that she waa. She raised her head, and though her face waa half-hidden by her hair, her eyelashes were wet, and the tears not dried yet on her oheeks. , The school-master, not minding me any more than if I was a block of wood or some thing, walked straight over to Mime. ' You know very well,' he aaid, ' that I am only going away from here because I lova you. Because it waa not the class that wag diatraotod by your pretty ways and devioei ; . it waa I. You know all' this very well, and can tell me whether I had better go or not. Now tell me, shall I stay?' You might have knooked me down with a feather when I saw Mime put her hand out. , timidly to the Bohool-master, and he turn pale and oatoh it in both his own. ' 01 course not,' I broke in, for I waa near distracted by the way things were going, ' If you're an honourable man, and got any senae left, and an eye in your head, you'd see that my nieoe ia aB good an engaged to Sam Eiley.' ?? Sam Biley 1' said Mime, as scornful as if poor Sam was a toad or something, and holding on to the school- master's horny1 hands as if she was drowning. Like enough they'll beat' her some day, and bo she'll like him all the better for it, for before I'd go out ot the room I heard her tell him she'd teaoh any way that suited him best; and my only hope is that he's got a littlo money laid by, for he said he didn't intend sno should teaoh at all. But, dear 1 dear I whea I heard the oraok of Sum Bilcy'a whip out Bide, and knew the evening stage was in, and poor Sam not knowing what waB in atore for him, I had to go upstairs and have a ory all to myself. And all I oan say is, if Mima marries the sohool-mastor, it's a mighty queor courtship. ? ? ? ( ' A Clear Explanation. — A negro prea« ' ' oher had elaborated a new theory of the Exodus— to wit: That the Bed Sea got , ' frozen over, and so afforded tho Israelites ' ' a safe passage; but when Pharaoh, with his heavy iron ohariotB, attempted it, they v l ' broke through, and wero drowned. A brother rose, and asked for an explanation of that point. ' I'bo been atudyin' gography, and do gography say dat be a very warm country, where they have de tropics, and de tropics is too hot for freezin'. Do p'infc to be Vplainod is 'bout breaking through ,' de ice.' Tho preaoher straightened up and said: 'Brudder, gladyouaxeddat question, ^' It gives me 'casion to 'spin in it. You Bee, / . dat was a great while ago — in do ola times, i \ fi ?, 'to' dey had any gography— 'fo' dete wat) ?? '-. any tropioa,' ? ? ? . .0 '??..'. ' -d 