The British people are said to be a nation of grumblers, and farmers, as a class, are generally regarded as the greatest grumblers even amongst the British. The national failing, however, is nothing to boast of, aud it is tolerably: certain that it may to a great extent interfere with our prosperity, and thereby give us increased opportunity tor exercising the unenviable habit with which we are credited. No one cares about having much contact with a miserable, complaining person, and whether it be a nation, a com munity, or a single individual,- the mere suspicion of misfortune is generally sufficient to divorce the so-called friendship of the world. These may be truisms which have been often repeated, but they have their application. A few- days ago the special reporter of an influential paper visited our town, and, after describing the advantages of its situation and the beauty of our scenery, spoke in such glowing terms of our apparent prosperity and the richness of our resources ias to „ make our neighbours and rivals of Dunoily fairlyi writhe with.' envy. In strange contrast, however, wish: all the wealth, present and prospective, easily recognised by the shrewd resident of a commercial city and briefly noted in the report, appeared a sentence stating that the inhabitants of our., town suffered from what is known as "dul- ness of the times." This complaint could not have been noted if it had not been made, and it is of this constant complaint that we now desire to speak. The fact is that ;-the r distinction of being . the chief grumblers belongs,, not to the farmers, but to the business people in this community, and we believe tliat the same may be said to be the rule throughout the, colony. Hav ing had an opportunity of observing the state of other towns recently, we have been convinced that Avoca, aud in fact the whole district, is as prosperous as any other part of Victoria, and indeed more so ; and, judging from the accounts we read of the state of- trade in England and all over Europe and America, it is not difficult to recognise that Victoria, for real pros perity, is far in advance of any other country of tho world. If, then, we are doing as well, and better than our neigh- flours, what reason, is there for. complaints, or to have those complaints published to our disadvantage . throughout the length and breadth of the land ? After fourteen years' experience in tfle district we can positively say that grumbling- is the habit here through out all changes, good" or bad. In the palmiest days of the old Association aud the NewHolland the cry was still "dull times," and when the mining collapse came and there was a large mining population in the town without work and without money the complaint, though more truthful, had no more force,- from its constant repetition. Now we have got over our troubles, we; have no idle' population although it is less numerous than formerly,' we have a < yearly increasing agricultural settlement, and for the future we have- the promise that in a year, or two at the outside, our miuing in dustry will be in active operation and as flourishing as ever it w'a's". Melbourne tradesmen, with high rents, keen competi tion, aud country towns gradually wresting their trade from them in spite of the foster ing care of centralising aud "protective" Governments, have not so pleasant a pros pect; Sandhurst, the city of sudden and wonderful growth-, with its ten or fifteen hundred miners unemployed aud a largely decreased gold yield, canuot speak so hope fully; while as for Maryborough, whose prosperity has come and- gone, and Dunoily which never had any to boast of since the days of the first rush, they have sufficiently exposed their poverty and the truthfulness of their cry of " dull times" by the frantic efforts they have made to enrich themselves by grasping after an undoubted right of Avoca — the St. Arnaud railway. It is tolerably safe to prophesy that in a short time, after the late splendid yields from the Workiug Minerls claim at Homebush — with the 6loz nugget'found on Tuesday just thrown in to make .weight — we shall see the Etomebush lead fully occupied by new com panies in -active operation and employing large numbers of mem; .the lost. .Lamplough Lead is being searched for by Messrs Boyd and party, aud if they have discovered it, as now appears almost. certain, there will be another large . rush of miners to that ground; one or more' of tho Pyrenees reefs are in a fair way of ; being xstarted i within a few weeks, and the New. Holland ground, em bracing perhaps the richest if tho most difficult ground in the colony, is . still under offer>to two or three parties of speculators who "are willing to- go to -work if terms can be arranged with the proprietors.. These are quite apart from the promise made by the 'Monte Ohristo ground, .shortly to he let on tribute, or the'Glenmqna roof, which is> being developed by h party of experienced miners wh >-ajq ear satisfied with their pros- peots. -With all these advantages in the future in addition to those which we possess in the present, we hope the residents of the town aud . distriot will for once recognise how well off they really are when compared with-.their neighbours, and, if their appetites for acquiring riches cannot be satisfied by their present undeniable prosperity, that at least they" will jabstain "" from' doing r.them . selves and the whole community an viujury by-indulging their senseless, .''unreasonable', and';unpYofitablehabit of grumbling: I j r The Premier made his financial statement in the Assembly last nighl, his speech, occupying nearly two hours and a-half,. and being listened to through out with unflagging attention by acrowded House. Amongst the new features of the fiscal policy of the Government is thestrikingofl of along list of duties in order that none of the industries of the country raay.-be trammelled with unnecessary and injurious imposts. - A land tax, calculated to produce an annual revenue of £200,000, is to be imposed ; and a sum of- £60,000 is to be applied to the pur chase of rolling stock, which is much needed for the traffic on the Government railways. At the .con clusion of the Premier's speech the House adjourned until Tuesday next. ! We hear that Mr Farquhar, of St. Arnaud,. Mr T. D. Nicholls, of Lexton,'and one other responsible surveyor, hsve received instructions to make an inspection of the rival routes for the St Arnaud railway, and to report upon the same to the Upper House. - The English letters by the mail steamer Tanjore were delivered in Avoca on Wednesday afternoon. The Ballarat petition to the Upper House in favor of the Avoca to St Arnaud railway is 120 feet long, and contains 6,430 signatures. Some excitement was caused in the town on Tuesday by the news that a nugget weighing over 60 ounces had been obtained at the Working Miners' claim, Homebush. This, with the recent excellent yields from the ground, has had the effect of still further raising the price of the company's shares. There is a probability that one or two other companies will shortly start to work on the Homebush lead. Ewins and party, on the Glenmona reef, have sunk their shaft to a depth of 45 feet, and are now driving for the stone. The works on the Lamplough deep lead have been attracting a good deal of attention during the week, arid it is supposed that Messrs Boyd and party have at last discovered the long lost run of gold, but their operations are much impeded by the water. The prospects are so encouraging that four other parties have taken up fground and set to work, and there is some talk of erecting a small engine for pumping purposes. In the Wesleyan Church, on Sunday evening next, the Rev. H. Greenwood will deliver a sermon on Dr Somerville's mission to Maryborough. A football match will take place on Saturday on the Avoca ground between the local Excelsior and the Maryborough Imperial clubs. The following are the names of the Avoca players W. Kitchen (captain), E. Hellings, J. Kitchen, W. Morrison, R. Blanchfield.C. Stowe, J; O'Farrell, W. Shank lin, H. Reed, W. .Wills, W. Thomas, J. Marshall, George Passow, E. Bostock, R. Cracknell, W. Knight. Emergency— -J. Mathers, W. Martin, S. Kitchen. A false alarm of fire occurred on Tuesday night, through the appearance of a large blaze in the di rection of Mr Sproston's farm. About thirty persons went out. with the intention of rendering assistance if necessary, but found that the fire had been lighted to consume a heap of rubbish. A cheque for a good sum of money, requiring two figures to represent its value, was found by a young son of Mr Woods, in Avoca on Wednes day. The owner is informed of the whereabouts of his property by advertisement in another column. The cheque is drawn on a Ballarat bank. The Avoca railway station has again been favored with a change of station masters. Mr Lumley ia the name of the new officer who has taken charge of the traffic. A meeting of the Mechanics' Institute Commit tee was held on Saturday evening last. Present ; -—Messrs Hall (President), Green, Magee, Currie, and Wall. Accounts amounting to £6 7s 6d were passed for payment. A discussion took place on a proposi'ton to institute another draught or chess tournament, the committee to offer a prize, such as a board or a set of men. It was finally decided to leave the question an open one for the present, the secretary in the meantime to ascertain how many draught or chess players would be willing to compete. The new school books of the Nelson series have been adopted by the Avoca school, and during the week, the booksellers have been besieged by the children. Owing to the great demand all over the colony the books are not easily obtainable, and it is probable that the present supply will soon be exhausted. The teachers speak very highly of the series, especially of the books for the upper classes. As showing the value of land in . some parts of this district, we may mention the following prices obtained at auction by Mr Wise, on Friday last, for land in the parish of Eversley, at a sale held at Webster's Hotel, Elmhurst.— A thirty-acre block- brought £3 148 per acre; 10 acres brought £3 Is per acre, and a leasehold (from the Crown) of £50 acres brought 15s per acre. A quarter acre in the township of Elmhurst brought £10. Some dissatisfaction has been expressed in the town by the refusal of the authoiities at the Maty borough hospital to take in a poor invalid forwarded on Wednesday from the neighborhood of Amphi theatre. By .the kind exertions of Mr M. Sloss sufficient money, was collected from the townspeople' to send him to the Amherst hospital. The weather still remains unusually dry, and farmers are anxiously looking for rain, of which there seems to be no immediate prospect. Mr John Kitchen, of Avoca, has been re elected a member of the South . Riding Board of Advice ' without opposition. A fire occurred at Cherry tree Creek, on Friday last, on the premises of Mr F., Youren, farmer, which resulted in the total destruction of his home stead and all consumable property, not even the clothes of the family being saved. tMuch sympathy is expressed for Mr Youren in his heavy loss, and it is gratifying to learn that that sympathy has taken a substantial form in the assistsnce tendered by his neigbors, and especially by Mr Evans, of Long Gully, who was himself a sufferer by a similar catatrophe, two or three years ago. The Dunoily Express says : — "A new move has been made by Avoca. A monster petition has been manufactured, some 20 feet, long, to which has been attached the signatures and marks of all the stable boys, cow herds, cockatoos, et hoc genus omne, of every conceivable place that could by any means be said to have any attachment for the Avoca route." Our contemporary has made a random shot, but one wide of the mark. If he will keep his temper he may in future be preserved from t-xposing the manner in which the Dunoily political agitations are managed. Mr Fritz Renhard made a good example of some noisy boys at his entertainment at Stawell on Tues day evening. The boys having, interrupted the performance, Mr Renhard went into the body of the hall and personally ejected the whole seatful, Mr Penberthy and nine other gentlemen of St Arnaud have purchased a valuable Clydesdale stallion, which has recently been imported from England, for the sum of 110 guineas. a fire occurred at Sandhui at on Monday night, through clothes being left in front of the fireplace to be " aired" when the family went to. bed, ; Dr Somerville's services at Maryborough on Tuesday and Wednesday last were very well attended, a good number of Avoca people also being present. On Tuesday evening a panic was occar sioned by some boys raising an alarm of fire in the midsf of the doctor's address. The females , were very much terrified, "and many made for the door. The excitement was at, length reduced, by the exertions of the ministers present, when the choir sang " Hold the Fort," and the service was ;theh continued. L ? „ -The Barb was offered on -Tuesday at "the ho se sale, and p issed in at 1000 guineas. Canterbury and Ralph Leigh each passed in at 300 guineas. We have received from Mr Thomas Holloway a colored circular which, in addition to notifying the progress made throughout the world by his famous medicines, gives some particulars of the ladies' college which he intends to build at Egham, eighteen miles from London; Mr Holloway says he has deemed it his duty to make some acknowledg ment to the public for the means which through them he possesses. In furtherance of this intention the college will be erected, for women of the middle and upper middle classes. It will be erected on an estate of ninety five 'acres, with a capacity to accommodate 250 students, with two private rooms for each. The total cost will be a quarter of a million pounds, of which will be added an endowment of £100,000, Mr Holloway has also erected, within two miles of Egham, a Sanatorium for the cure of medical, dis orders, at a cost of £180,000, and endowed it with £50,000. Mr Holloway's liberality should, and no doubt will, be fittingly acknowledged by the British public, Mr Holloway also mentions that his advertising expenses for the present year amount to £40,000. " : ' " We have received from Messrs Nicholson and Ascherberg, music publishers, of Melbourne, a copy of their very handsome illustrated catalogue of the various pianofortes kept in stock by tha firm. The catalogue has been published for the convenience of up-country purchasers, aud it ia evident that no exertion has been spared to ensure accuracy in the designs and a specimen of typography which would be a credit to the firm and the colony. The wood cuts have been engraved by Mr Calvert, from drawings of the instruments made in their own rooms by first-class artists ; the printing and general get-up of the. work has been entrusted to Messrs McCarron, Bird, and Co., and the cost of producing the catalogue has been £250. The result is that, with the exception of the catalogue of one of the leading Parisian houses, there is not another in the whole of Europe which will compare with the ODe under notice. : : ' We have received the annual report of the Mel bourne Botanic Gardens, by the 'curator, Mr W. R, Guilfoyle, F. L.S.,C.:VI.R.B.S. Up-country residents, many of whom take a great interest in the progress of these gardens, will be pleased ; to hear that the work of improvement and re-model ling haa- been considerably advanced within the year, insomuch that the curator has been enabled to make a decrease of £620 in his estimate of the next year's expenses, as compared with those of last year. The report details the improvements and alterations made (explaining the objects of the latter), and from this it is evident that "a large araouDt of good work has been done. The plan held in view in the various operations is well ex plained in the following extract from the report : — " It is highly desirable that on entering a botanic garden visitors should at once recognise the pur pose to which the grounds are devoted, by seeing groups arranged according to their botanical order. Thoroughly appreciating this fact, I have continu ously held in view the production, throughout the gardens '-'of a classified system, which, instead of being dwarfed by localisation to one particular spot, should be broad, intelligible, and widely spread.. In some public gardens the climate Would prevent this being done. to any material exetent ; but such an objection cannot be urged in this colony. No necessity exists for allowing botanical correctness and landscape effect to clash in the development of the Melbourne Botanic Gardens. To combine the two, as I have pointed out in previous reports, has been my design from the beginning ; and that de sign has been carried out as the work of renovation wen t on." The report also details the work done in the Government House Domain, gives a"; cat a logue of theV natural orders "of plants which have been completed in the gardens, a list of donors of seeds, plan's, &c.;, and the names of 66 different kinds of grasses available for distribution to the public- Mr W; A. Stoddart, watchmaker, well known to many residents of 'his district as a former resident at the Redbank, Landsborough, and Stuart Mill rushes, died at St Arnaud on Sunday last. The funeral took place on Tuesday, and was large at tended- The deceased having been a Freemason, the members. of. the local lodge attended the funera and observed the usual ceremonies at the grave, 1 An impudent robbery was attempted on Monday, at Mr Richardson's shop, Talbot, caused, according to the information which has reached us, through the reprehensible plan of exposing goods outside shop doors. A roan named Jones took a pair of trousers and handed the garment to another man named Bill, a youth named Grimes being also in their company. Mr . Richardson observed the oc currenee from his private house opposite, and made Jones his prisoner. The other two ran off, but the- youth was shortly afterwards arrested by Constaflle TurnfluU Mr Longmore laid on the table of the Assembly, on Wednesday, regulations respecting licenses to cut and remove timber. The regulation provides that the fee chargeable for cutting and removing the eucalyptus shorild be £4, payable quarterly in advance ; that no live tree of less diameter than eighteen inches, should be felled; that no tree should be so felled as to obstruct any track in use for the transport of timber or stores J that within the period of one month from the falling of any tree the portion thereof not required' for use shall be so disposed of by" the licensee as not to encumber the ground ; that the license shall be produced by the holder thereof when asked to do so by any bailiff of Crown lands or police constable. A Port Darwin telegram states that a woman named Raff, a passenger by the steamer William McKinnon.has died under suspicious circumstances. She had 100 sovereigns, but when dead no money could be found on her. News from Samoa states that the rumored an .nexation by America is untrue. In the Assembly on Wednesday, in answer to -Mr Clarke, of Sandhurst, Mr W. C. Smith said that it was hisvintention to introduce a measure for making several necessary amendments in the min ing statute during the present session. He was afraid that there would not he time during the session to deal with the proposal made by the min ing conference for' providing one uniform by-law for the whole colony. The matter was a very im portant one, requiring careful consideration, as they would have to deal with the question as to .whether they would have to abolish mining boards. A most important alteration is about to be made in the constitution of the department of Railways and Roads. At the time the Department of Roads and Bridges was grafted on to the Rail way department the latter was, but in embryo, while' the former had dwindled down to a mere shadow of itself, owing to. the introduction of the Local Government Act, Since the 'date of the amalgam 'tion the Railway; department has grown to very large proportions, and the work involved has become so great that it requires the utmost exertion to keep pace with the utmost labors thrust on all branches of that service. It has therefore been resolved that the Roads and Bridges depart ment shall be handed over to the Public Works department, to which it more properly belongs; The- Public Works department is quite prepared to undertake the new duties, and in a day or two arrangements will be perfected for the severance of the Roads and Bridges from the Railway de partment, and handing over the Roads and Bridges to the Public Works department.— Age. On Saturday evening a daughter of Mr Jones, of the locomotive d< partment, in company with a female friend, was about to visit the business part of the town (says the Maryborough Standard), and had scarcely left the premises when a frightful shriek startled the inmates of the house. Mr Jones, accompanied by the Rev. R, Allen, rushed outside to ascertain the cause, and there found the two ladies in a nervous sta'e of excitement, utterly unable to give the least explanation. Just then Mr . Allen observed a tall figure in white hovering about the railway yard, and he called Mr Jones' attention to it. Both of them gave chase, and certainly would have overtaken it, had not the ghost thrown off the sheet, thus enabling it to make good its escape": And well for the fool's hide tha' it was so,. otherwise Mr Jones would certainly have given him cause to vividly- remember that night for many a long day to come. The eff. ct of the fright'upon Miss Jones is likely to be of a perma nent charactt-r, at ail events it be some time before her nervous system regains its vigor, The unfortunate young man Scully, who was in an insensible condition admitted to the Hospital on Sunday afternoon suffering from compression of the brain, died in that institution on Tuesday night. It appears that the deceased on Saturday night became involved in a dispute in Wilson's circus over the walking match between Woods and M'Cann. This outside of the circus, resulted in blows between deceased and another young man known as Loroit. They were separated, however and a fight was arranged to take place between them on the following rooming in Sludley Park. Whether the fight was for money or not is not known, but Scully left his home on Sunday morning before 7 o'clock. A large number of persons were present at the fight, which lasted a very long time, and terminated in Scully being rendered insensible it is Btated by a fall. He was then carried to his parents' residence in Perry street. Colling wood, hut as he did not recover consciousness, he was taken to the hospital. On bis admission, Dr Beaney was sent for, but although he received every at tention, he gradually sank, and died on Tuesday night. An inquest was held at the Melbourne hospital on Wednesday. The result of the inves tigation was that the jury returned a verdict of manslaughter against Loroit, and the seconds, four men named Owley, Taylor, Mullen and Crush. . The prisoners' were committed for trial. The statistics laid on the table of the Assembly on Tuesday night, in reply to the motion of Mr Mirams, show that 231,560 children were enrolled in the State schools during the year 1876. Of those 29,215 were under school age, leaving 171,440 be tween school ages. It is interesting to notice that those over school age attending night-schools num bered 9,251, while the night scholars, between school ages amounted to 5,271. In capitation schools the numbers under, between, and over school age were respectively 1,927, 9,764, and 563. In France and other continental countries the schools. are. furnished with coloured plates of the various birds and other animals that are of use to agriculturists; The plates are accompanied by descriptive and explanatory letter press, so that the intelligent sympathy of the children may he en listed in protecting the animals. Mr Wallis, the secretary of Agriculture, has prepared a similar sheet, showing forty species of insectivorous birds in Victoria, and the Minister of Instruction, has determined to haTe it engraved, and to hive copies sent to every school in. the colony.— Tele graph. There has been so far no fresh outbreak of small pox amongst the passengers and crew of the- Maeduff, who are at present detained in quarantine. The patients afflicted with the disease are all pro gressing favourably towards recovery. The experiment of lighting trains by gas has been made. The first carriage so lit up arrived at Ballarat-station oh Monday night, and the Courkr remarks concerning it The method in which the lighting is carried out is as follows: — Under the carriage is a copper receptacle, containing gasoline, a very inflammable oil. By means of an air pump, a continual stream of air is driven through the gasoline, and becomes impregnated thereby, receiv ing all its imflammable Qualities. This air, by means of tubes, is passed into the lamps, and burns much the same as ordinary oil gas or oiL Last night, however, it did not show a brighter light than the kerosene in other carriages. Another novelty which was noticeable iD this train was the gong, to be used as an alarm in cases of accident s. In the guard's ran is a large copper-gong, with »d instrument resembling a large drum s'ick attached to it. Any person desirous of communicating with the guard pull a cord ron'niDg from csrriage to carriage, the cord being attached to the beater on the gong, which is struck in consequence, ami re sounds. The guard on hearing this can communi cate with the eugine driver by means of b similar contrivence, and the train brought to a standstill if such be required, Mr Macpherson on Tuesday brought under the notice of the Chief Secretary the present state of the electoral divisions of the districts. He Domted out that the Amending Electoral Act of 3876 pro vided that the districts might be altered withiD twelve months, and he desired to know if the Government would take steps to bring them in'o conformity with the requirements of the country, as indicated as necessary by the late elections. In reply Mr Berry announced there were grave doubts as to whether there was sufficient power at present to deal with the subject effectively, for while the Electoral Act of 1876 gave pow-.-r to alter the electoral boundaries, it gave no corresponding power to alter the electoral boundaries, it gave no corres ponding power to alter the rolls. In the face of this difficulty the ubject had been referred to the At torney General. The Ministry, however, felt that the subject shcrjld be dealt with, and the Govern ment would take care to rectify the various ano malies made apparent in the several electoral dis tricts throughout the colony, even if it involved the ?ecceisity of bringing in a bill to deal with the sub- ject Six years ago (says the Glasgow News) a gentle man in Girvan when in the harvest time passing through Switzerland, stripped a cornstalk of its grain pickles, and put them in his vest pocket. These be has assiduously cultivated since, and his last crop of them was 40.acrei in extent. He began to sell them at from 10s to 12s per bushel, with in one case, the following most interesting result : A landowner in Fife grew 27 Scotch acres of them last season on a field of 6,000ft above the sea level and they yielded 7 quarters per acre, of which he, has sold many at 50s per quarter. The average weight was 411b per bushel. Had he grown com mon oats the yield would have been 20s per qnsr- ter, had the wet weather allowed any yield at all. They were reaped (overripe) on 21st August, and the straw of them was used by the horses instead of hay, it was so fine. It is reported in, Sydney that Boyd is willing to visit Sydney to row Trickett if £300 is allowed for expenses and Trickett lays £1,500 to £1,000. A circular has been issued by the Education Department to the teachers of State scboola in timating that all schools cannot be at onee supplied with Nelson's readers, but that where two- thirds of the scholars provide themselves, the department will issue the remaining third free. The writ for the election of a member of the Assembly for South Gippsland has been issued by the Speaker. Tbeda'es are—nomination 18tb August ; polling, 24th August; return of writ, 31st August. A branch of the Wesleyan Local Preachers' Associatioh has been formed t Gastlemaine. Dur ing the proceedings at the inauguration it was stated the local preachers of the Wesleyan body numbered no less lhat 60,000. Th« exceptionally dry weather this season is said to have banished fluke from the Western district. Mr Bowman, M.L. A., has promised a silver cupst a prize at the exhibition of the Talbot Agricultural Society, The cup is to be awa-ded as the com mittee think fit. The sum of £500 is to be given as prize money at the show. The sentence passed upon the man Franz Schnitz- ler, for shooting at and maiming a Chinese found robbing the puddling-machine of the Perseversnce company, at Narrigal, has been commuted by the Executive Council to six weeks' imprisonment. By the Ringarooma, which arrived on Tuesday night from New Zealand, we learn that an open air meeting of the unemployed has been held a" Christchureh. About 250 were present. It « resolved to memoralise the Government pointing out that the labor market in New Zealand is over stocked and requesting them to withdraw from all contracts entered into for the introduction of more immigrants, A deputation was also appointed to wait on the mayor to ascertain if the city council can offer any employment for men out of work- The proceedings throughout were very orderly. A no' her significent item of news ia that pets>ns engaged in the iron trade in Cnristchurch proposo holding a meeting to urge on ihe Government the desirability of letting contracts for iron work to firms in the colony instead of sending them home. Judge Pohlman hasobtained six months leave) absence, owing to ill-health. Mr Poblma" sumed office as judge on the 18th March 18>- He has been from that date, thirty- two almost unceasingly engaged in the ac'ivp , 'li>cha - of judicial duties, having successively nccu>>"-d h Supreme Court, the County Court, In«oWei»c.) Court and General Sessions benches. 