|]0.£tlr11. ?. THE VETERANS OF THE GRAND ARMY gsETiNQ NAror, eon's AsirES moil Sr. Helena. 1 (fiiom TnKorniLE gautier.) ? ?ii and thus forced out of . my room, ., 'i Along tlio Boulovard I passed, J Around mo hung Decombor's gloom, 1 The wind was cold, tho showers drove fast Then straight I saw (how strange tho sight !) ;i Esctipcd from their grim dwelling-place, f ltamplu'S through mud in B°rry plight, Ghosts at mid-day, ghosts faoo to fnco. jfjght is tho timo when shndos havo powor, ! , . ! Wl»ilst Gorman moonifight silvers all, ' ? Within somo old and tottoriug tower, To flit across tho pillared' hall. . , \ l,' i jj3 night when'fairies from tho floods ^ t' In dripping robes rise like ft breath, f ls Then drag boneatli their lily buds M ] Somo boy whom thoy have - danced to Bj|r* death. pfe 'IV113 night, if Zodlitz singoth trap, yjjf When (half-aeon shade) tho Emporor . !§§ Mwsliilled in lino, for that review, Hp Tho Bhades of Austorlitz once moro. IkI But epeotres in tho publio street, I® Scarce from tho playhouse paces two, B®i] Veiled nor by mist, nor windmg-sheot, |||] Who stand thero wearied and wot through. HI Well may wo wonder as wo gazo ; if |j TCtrco grumbling phantoms liovor dim, jf'f In nniform of otlior days, « Ono ox-guard, two hussars with him, ' Not those tho slain, who, though thoy dio, Still hear through earth Napoleon's drum ; ' But votorans of a timo gono by ( Waked up to sco liis relics come. Who, sinoo tliat last, that fatal fight, _ Havo grown, or fat, or lean ana grim ; ? Wh0B0 uniforms, unloss too tight, Float wide around eaoh wastod limb. I Oh, noblo rags, still like a star I I To you tho Cross of Honour clings, j Sublimely ludicrous, ye are 4 j Grander than purple worn by kings ! jSi A nerveless plump; ns if with foor, .' ®| Trembles abovo tlio bearskin frayed ; 1E| Moth-fretted tho polisse is, near ||| Those holes by hostile bullets mado ; )J|| Tho leathern overalls, too large, ' \ I Round tho shrunk thigh in wrinkles fall, 3 | And rusty sabros, wearying ohargo, : § Drag on tho ground, or beat tho wall. j The next ono is grotesque, with ohost ' 1 Stretching a coat too small by half ; ; But for tho stripes that deok his breast, I, At tho old war-wolf wo might laugh. 'M My brothers, mock them not too much ; }} Rather salute, with heads low bont, ?J Theso heroos of an Iliad, such ?J As Iloinor never could invent. i? j Greet each bald head with reveronco due, 4' i For on brows, bronzed by many a clime, vi- A lengthening soar oft reddons through | Tho lines that havo been dug by time., Their skins, by a strange blackness, toll Of Egypt's heat and blinding light ; Eussiu's snow powdor, as it fell, , Has kept tlioso thin looks ever white. ; Their hands may tremblo ; yes, still keon Tho cold of Boresina bites ; Thoy limp, for long tho march between Cairo and Wilna's frozen heights. They droop, beut double, since in war No shoots but flags for sleep had thoy ; The liolpless sleovo may flutter, for A round shot tore tho arm awav. Laugh not, though round them leaps and] jeers Tho howling street hoy with delight ; They wero the day of those proud years — * ' Tho evening we — perchance the night. ! - They recollect, if we forget, Lancers in rod, ex- guard in blue, | And worship, at his column met, j, Tho only God thoy ever knew. j' Proud of the pains ondured bo long, ] Grateful for miseries nobly borne — They feel the heart of France -beat strong ?j Under that clothing soiled and worn. ii Our tears thon chock tho smile that played, j- To see this strange pomp on its way — J Tho Empiro's ghostly masquerade — |j Dim us a ball when dawns the day. (Through skies which yet her splendours fill, Tho Engle of our armies old, From depths of glory, burning still, Spreads over them hor wings of gold. 