INTERCOLONIAL. The BallanU Courier narrates an extra ordinary encounter between a little cirl and a large snake. It states that on Thursday last as a little girl, ten years old, daunhter of Mr. Twiss, of Black Hill, was leaving ^er father's farm to go to Haddon, a dUtanoe of Joying their dignitied lotsure undor a fence. NataveJiko. she prepared for battle by arming herself with a stout greon sappling, 'and jn» short time «ent One out of harm's way The other, however, instead of makine tracks u 1« usually the oaW, stood by, aslUw£r£'to we fair play i **£ ou .ooiWi^aito in arms bite the dnst, prepared for action by standing almost erect on his tail. Our little heroine, nothing daunted, aimed a desperate blow nt the spinal cord of his suakeship ; but, luiBsiug her mark, and seeing the enemy intent on shoning Cgbt, bethought herself of tho old adage about 'discretion,' &c;, and beat a most orderly retreat. The suakc, howover, apparently determined on reveng ing the loss of his comrade, followed up the retreat, and pursued his now discomfited oncmy at a tremendous pace until they reached tho vicinity of Fox s public-bouse, a distauoo of something over two miles from whore tho chase began, whore be managed to catch hold of the poor little girl's frock. Her pluck never left her until then, and she allowed a scream to escape her, which reached the cars of a bullock driver near the hotel. On seeing her difficulty he told her to hit it, which sho did with the stick with which she dispatched the other, and then held it until the mau came up and kilied it. It measured six feet long, aud five inches in girth. The Bcndigo jMtwterstatcsthata woman residing there would have lost her life but for the sagacity of her dog. Her house took fire when she was sound asleep, aud her dog noticing that his mistress did not give any signs of awakening, although the flames had reached tho foot of the bed on which she was sleeping, jumped upon the bed, and in the most frantic and violent manner, set to work to tear away with his feet at the bedclothes immediately under which his mistress was sleeping, that she was aroused, but only just in time to clear the fire, which had already seized upon the cap upon her head, and es cape to the adjoining house in her night dress. Tni! tVi«/i~W«/ri/(ir.Z.) Time*, of February .'!, says : As an iiiBtauce of the lur^c yields obtained from crops in some parts nf the Ash burtou district, it may be mentioned that five men who have 1 101) acres of land in crop on the Hon. W. S. I'eters' run, south of the Ashbuilnn, confidently expect to obtain 00,001) liusliels of grain. The land is held on a cropping lease, and this is the first year it has Ken cultivated. Tin: Ar.iral .-h/ivr/iVi-of Hie 2:»rd Janu ary reports :—' On last Friday afteruoim » little -ill named Ellen White. a-..il 11 vcars. living at Iliiaiigur, was brought to Mr. Law, surgeon, siiflTuriiig great pain in her arm, which «as so swollen about the elbow-joint that it was impossible lo ascertain what in jury, if any, had been sustained. The doc tor obtained the following history of the c.isi:, which is rather a curious one:— On Wednesday the child went to school .-is usual, and came out at 4 o'clock ill the afternoon, intending to go to a friend's house at some little distance. On her road thither she came to a tree, which she clambered up for the purpose of having a swing, but in trying to cet down overbalanced herself, and her arm caught in a fork, where she remained sus pended, only the toe of one foot occasionally barely touching on the ground until !l o'clock on the next evening — seventeen hours. In this position she was discovered by a youth called I'Yank Holilsnorth, who at oucj pro cured assistance, and the suflcrer was libe rated from bur painful but novel position. Her arm was completely black, and she was greatly exhausted from crying, cooeying, aud her ellorts to extricate herself on the previous night, all of which were unavailing till her deliverer came. WaNPKKINC ABOIT WITH ABOIUXAI.S.— At the l'ourkc Police Court, on Monday (as reported in the Central Aiiitralian), Thomas Walgett was charged with living aud wander ing about with aboriginals. Constable iiuchan deposed : On Sunday evening the prisoner was brought iuto town by a black fellow n.inied l'Ved, ami given into custody j Fred Raid the prisoner was living with the blacks for .ionic time past ; be said he bad just brought him from the blacks' camp ; 1 told the prisoner the chnrgc ; he aaid last nil^ht was the first right he liad^bccii there, 1 locked him up; the blacks had previously coMjjnaiuuu amim uus mau id me ; nc is in tlie lialjit of taking grog and loitering about tliccanp. Frcil iiarton, an aboriginal, being sworn, deposed : 1 reside at Mr. Thompson's place ; I have often scon the prisoner about the blacks' camp ; he was there nearly every day and night for the last fortnight ; pri soner was at the camp when I went there last night ; I brought him over from the camp handcuffed ; he was sleeping with agin in the camp ; I have often seen him about the camp in the daytime. Defendant was sentenced to one month's imprisonment with hard labor in liourkc goal. The CooN.uuiiAiiRAN Oitbauf, — We havo received from our correspondent at Coonabarabran (says the Miithjt* Iii'hjicinhnl) the following particulars of one of the most fiendish outrages that has ever becu recorded in a newspaper. The full details are not yet to hand. The particulars sent to us arc as follows: — Mary Ann M'Grcgor, au intelli gent, pleasing girl, of twelve years old, had lieen on a visit to a neighbor's, and was re turning home, when she met a person near Ulamambri, nine miles from Coonaharahran, who outraged her person, then murdered her, and, as a climax, robbed her of her few Articles of imvflllp.rv. Not rflt.iirninrr limnn on Sunday evening, her parents uccamc anxious, and having sent to the friend's she had visited, and found that she had left there on Sunday evening, they became seized with a fear for her safety, and all the night through a diligent search was made, but without avail. Early on Monday morning the body of the deceased was found, horribly bruised, one of the arms broken, a portion of her nose bitten off, and a rope drawn so tightly round her neck as to bo imbedded in the flesh. The body was pointed out to her brother by a shepherd named Thomas New man, who was tending his flock close by. Suspiciou having been attracted to Newman, he was arrested, and on being searched pre vious to being conveyed to the C'oona barab an lockup, a brooch ami earrings, which wore at once idcntilicd as belonging to tho deceased, were found upon him, and on a careful search of his hut boiug made, other articles of the deceased were found concealed beneath his bud. A magisterial inquiry was commenced nt the residence of the father of the deceased, and adjourned to the Court-house, Coonabarabran. There is groat excitement prevailing, aud a docp feeling of horror nt the horrible death the poor oiiild must havo suffered at the hands of her violator aud murderer. Tho people are intensely incensed against New man, and the police can only protect him from violence with difficulty. The body is preserved in spirits, pending the arrival of a qualified medical man from Gulgong, from which town Coonabarabran is distant about 120 miles. Cantlkmaine has a ' roal ghost,' in which supernatural wonder our contemporary tho Mail has a half-concealed belief. This is what the journal Rays of tho foots:— Tho gentleman who saw tho apparition is not a 'crazy spiritualist.' He is a devout man according to the strictest sect of orthodoxy, who holdB spiritism and it surroundings in holy horror and wholesome contempt, but to uso his own phraso— ' Seeing his believing.' The gentleman has no objection to his name being known. He is Mr. Teal, of the post office Tho locality is a villa near the Red White, and Blue store, in Doveton-street, and the occasion was the night of January I. Mr. Toal, on approaching his house, saw then his sitting-room brilliantly lighted up, some what to his astonishment, at lie was not feasting his friends that night. Ho looked from the outside through the portion of the window that was undraped by blind or ourtain, and then saw the 'apparition,' although ho Bid not at tho time regard it to bo such. He saw emerge from a corner of a room, into whioh there was no ogress, and whioh wosoocupiod by a table, the figure of s, young tniii, ' pale as a ghost,' and pensive. It moved to and fro, and the owner of the house was able to carefully observe the Ariif and features. Mr. Teal then peroeiving that faU vitftor wai alone, hastened to let bLnwlf into tho house, and as soon as he got inside he immediately opened the door of the room in question, when, to bis astonishment, all was dark. All the inmates were at that time iu bed and asleep, and there was no means of sudden egrcsB for an uninvited visitor. He procured a lamp and made search everywhere, oven to tho extent of looking up the chimneys, but no intruder, or trace of au intruder could be found. HoiB positive there could bo no trick, as is suggested ; he was in perfect mental and physical health at tho time, nnd he flays that his mind was not iu anywise occupied which would lead to his imagining he saw the thing which certainly he Bays ho did see. But the wonder. does not end here. Next night, after lie had retired to rest, the tvholo house was disturhnd by knocking on the walls. Ho rose and made most careful search, both outside and inside, but nothing could bo found in the faintest degree to account for the pheno mena. So real did the latter become, that, although circumstances compel the family to live there by day for the present, they all take their departure directly the ' witching hour of night' comes, uot having any desire for ghostly company. Mr. Teal did not know before, but he has learned since that the locality was associated with straugo phe nomena before. It is said that upon one occasion a previous inmate felt the bed, on which himself and his wife lay, floating iu tho air. Ho had the presence of mind, so goes the story, to wet the paper of tho wall with his fiuyer moistened with saliva, aud lo ! in the morning the marks were found to be close up to the ceiling. 