GENTLEMEN COOKS. Mr. Editor—It has come to this—wo must do it ourselves. There is a now flue art to bo acquired. Tho broiling' of a chop and the boiling of a potato will henooforth constitute a feature of a gentleman's education. It is doBir ablo that tho mind should be duly in structed and supplied; bat supply of tho bodily fabric is equally desirable. What avail tho mountains of beef that are coming in from America and else where, if we cannot oat tbom ? Of what bouofit is it to us that fine juicy joints from tho fattened bullocks of 'the rolling prarios' tempt us, at ,tho the charming price of eigbtoonpence per pound, if it cannot by cooked for us ? No man can eat raw meat; and it is equally distasteful if it bo pre sented upon a plate in tho condition of coal. We must cook it oursolves, or else stand with a rod of authority over tho professional madam, and insist upon sensible directions being carried out. We might all bo in an improved condition of health if wo wore to limit appetite to the orijoymont of a steak or chop, unspoiled ; but tho doing of it must not be left to Professional Madam. Wo must do it ourselves. 1 If 'tis to be done,' as Macbeth says, ' then it were well it were dono quickly.' This art-students know, who find it advantageous in every respect to study and practise the art. Modern education and the affec tations of modern society forbid the interposition of wives and daughters in tho affairs of tho cuisino ; therefore a new order is extending, and men do it themselves. It originated in cham bers. It is found good to bo thore. Tour club is pretentious and fussy; and you are not always sure of satis faction with tho treatment of a viand, the wickedness of whose cooking is suddonly disguisod with sauce and accompamuments, tho nature of which it might not iinprovo tho appotito to investigate. Gay young baoholors have long been famous for their chop and bitter ; and whon they havo passed out of (hat condition thoy sotno. times glido back to the oharobors, from crowded covers at tho homo tablo, and do with dolight a littlo hit of olden cookory, which is simply perfection. Or thoy find n place in the city (or elsewhoro) to lunch at ; so, appetite being ap peasod at mid-dny, thoy trifle with tho family providings in tho ovoning. Now, to theso family providings aro ntlribuablo ouo-half of tho diseases which follow indigostiblo dinners. A | man who oats in private his chop or two, with a corresponding amount of dry shorry (not sham sherry, of which there is too ranch administered) at half- past one (post moridian) is scarcely ablo to partako to any sorious oxtont of the family banquet at six. It would not bo gracious to show contempt for provision mado by the wifo of his bosom; so ho flourishes his knifo, or wavos the spoon ovor the dishes as they come boforo hiin, and enjoys the sight of his doar " hotter half" making away with the comestibles she lovos; but which ho himself prudontly dis regards. Don't say this is hypocrisy. Tho dear lady is not awaro that anything bettor thnn her cook sonds up can bo obtainod for lovo or money. Sho may have bought a cookory-book (or any number of thom), and sho turns ovor tho lenves ns pathetically as though it wore a sormon or a book of psalms. Does sho not give.so many pounds a year to her cook ? "What can mortal inan expect wlion sho gives so many pounds n year to hor cook ? It is enough to mako an angel weep, if angol's husband is not satisfied with that. Tho roasoning is unanswerable. Tho good man submits in silonco, and has his chop or two oleowhore, wherein his mastery of tho now fine art is demonstrated, boforo ho takes his placo at tho domestic tablo. Ho has a friend or two porhaps to enjoy his capabilities. And among thom there may bo a tasto discovered for small ploasuros, rather moro questionable. Tbeso entail oxpensos, and then follow tears, robukos, romonstrancoB, and a lot of other unfortunato, but provont ible, things. All this comes of Mrs. Grundy and tho charcoal shop. It is a beautiful sight to behold tho object of one's idolatry engaged in pencilling a cottage among umbrage ous trees, with a cow in tho foreground, and a milkmaid carrying hor pail. It is equally interesting to see tho same individual flourishing her beautiful fingors ovor tho koyB of a piano, in tho production of what sho believes to bo a sontimont of Beethoven, a wildness of Wagner, or a melody of Mozart (supposing her to have a classical do termination in the head) ; or olso (having limited pretensions) doing a polka, or a waltz ; but without in tho least denying tho effect of those pre sentations, might not, let me aBk, that dear lady find an advantage in diver sifying hor parents by an intelligent superintendence of tho ignorance and imposture down stairs ? Wo all know that it is not tho proper thing for a man to put on an apron (metaphorically), and malco an appearance in that locality, but, as some of us know, it is dono. Madame Grundy, tho representative lady of fashionable society, is shocked. Let her be so. Wo men want a dinner, and snap fingors at Grundy. Dear ladies are so badly oducatod that tho fomalo demon of tho rolling pin assumes an autocratic mystery, from which they flinch and hide themBolves in their husband's bosoms; but they are unwise. That bosom is a sure refuge; bat the refuge does not like to boused merely as such. And if lovo dovotos itself to nothing but ineffectual conflicts with Grundy, llefuge will find attrac tion in chambers. Grundy io only a ghost. Where tho mistress of a houso tries reasonable conclusions tho ghost disappears. Insist, and you havo a workable sub stantial person in tho place of it. Mrs. Warren has published a little book, somo few pages of which have sug gested tbcBO remarks. ' In tho ideal character of a " lady help " (altogether on ideality), this author suggosts good things for housohold management that I would recommend its earnest perusal to housekeepers, young and old. Ab to " lady helps " themselves I havo no confidence in thom. If they were really high born porsons in a depressed con dition it would bo only a show of work tlioy would do for you, and they would require servants to wait upon them. " Stop," exclaims tho goutle man in Mrs. Warren's book, when his wife suggosts the adoption of a helping "lady," "I forbid that. Am I to have a lady, a gentlewoman, to wait upon mo at the dinnor table ; to bring me this, that, and tho othor ? No ! I dare say yon would set her to black1 my boots, and how would she associate with tho othor servants ? If you engage a lady cook and anothor as housemaid—that is supposing you could find thom—the cook would have to clean the steps, and do all tho drudgory of tho house. How could a lady undertake those duties ? Thon with tho housemaid—are both these ladies to sit with us in the evening ? Are they to mako up a party at whist ? Shall wo call upon them for a song whon wo would be livoly ? I'll havo no lady help. What's the world coming to ? It's upsido down enough as it is." Lady helps would heighten the distress and difficulties down stairs instead of over coming them. In addition to existing insolence, there would bo faintings and tears. Cook would be flourishing hor basting-apoon at tho lady, and tho lady would go off into hysterics. Husband would rush out of the house in despair. The kitchen demon, which is becoming moro tho plague of a man's lifo" (and, of course, woman's too), is fairly grap pled with in Mrs. Warren's book, and if good wives would only take to heart, and mind what is said, they would ensure comfortable homes and happy lives for thomsolvos. There. is a great chanco for woman in tho application of science to domestic things, and tho wisest of men may listen with admiration to what is dono in that way. Wo know that charcoal will arrest tho decomposition of moat; but Mrs. Warron also tolls that "if tainted meat bo put into boiling water, instead of tho taint being extracted, it remains firmly in tho moat." Tho rosult is different if tho meat or fish is put into cold water, and with charcoal. This is but one " wrinklo" in a dozen or moro, of which distaste for tho apron prevents tho discussion hero; but tho faot is that woman's affection for "Mrs. Grundy" is bocomo moro potont than lovo for a busbnnd. Sbo is " fasbionablo" (as ibo saying is), and tho roguo3 and fools of tbo kitobon tnbo advantage of bor folly for tboir own aggrandisement. So wo have tbo now " fino art" of cooking practised by gentloinon olsewboro tban at liomo.— " Hampden" in News of the World. Thcro was a splendid liouso at tlio Thcotro Royal, Sydney, on the production of " Souii rnniide," imd there ivtis also a largo attendance to witness Mrs. Gladstano's porformanco of "Miss Guilt" nt the Victoria Theatre. The South Australian Government liavo fixed upon Wnnttltco Island for a quarantino station. 