CONGREGATIONAL UNION The annual assembly of tbe Con*re g.Uona, Union was on Monday ,££?* commenced .1 .he Prince's Square School ^^e^S-S meeting in the Prince's Square ConKrc galional Church last erenine to heap ik. jddres. of the president of fie Union th^ arrived ^ K.- ^blni0D- 'd 'ho. arrived by Main Line express ye.ter \V Shtppbirdi New Town— Bev ft N.sbet ; Memorial Church. HobartTcHm Tvl rf' v U?bu'm- «'1 Mesirs J. Lumtden, Vautin. and Withrineton t Davey street Church, Hobart TowT Town-llev, S. \V Simmons ; Huon, Bev. J. M. Bo.yley.and MrOsborneGeevei. The Lsuoce.lon mim.ters and delegate, pre sent wore :-Tamar street Cliurch-R*r. T lfT*' a;d.Mef«' D Room, W. Gurr. W Law lnrt Sql'MT C°i«°-Uer: W. Law and Messrs John Steer, E. ?' *'??£?$? Bulton' HeorA' H''1''. J J. W. Bireliall, and L. Fairlhorne. There of Eiddcrmitiurni- 1?nr-l«n j mi. ' * ,. ? — * ? ? ''Hi '?''??. i. ue pro* eroding, were opened with a hymn and a portion of henpturn being read after which tho B.,. J. W. Simmon, read out as above Ho names of lue ministers of. snd the d, lecates appointed by, the Con Unio'n '' Churci''i ?* be P«««l»t the The Rev. W. Law then introduced the. visitors to the President, and asked that they might bo allowod to attend tho mcetinga of the Union, which was ac ceded t». Another hymn havingbeen sung, the President elect (Rev. V. C. HoblMsoti) was introduced by tho Rev. J. «. Shipphird, president for 1870-77 to the congregation as the now president. The Rev. \\\ C. Robinson, the prcsi dent of the Union for 1877-78, then ascended the pu'pit, and road a carefully prepared address, announcine as hia subject 'Tho Church, its Ministers and Ministries.'' Tho 10th article ofthe. Prayer Book was accepted as a true ex position of tho visible body of bolioyors called the church. The position and experience of earnest Clmatians was m harmony with that aelmition. In opposition to a simple verity dear in the light of the Word of God, they had conflicting modes of church government, ecclesiastical pretensions, and tho oft-exploded dogma of apostolic succession. One break in the link nould spoil this much cherished claim; but what known sin was there which could. not bo charged upon name after name included in the list. Some of tho men claiming to give effective baptism wero not oven baptised. It was tinio to cuter a protest, and seek to put a stop to these vagaries. Simple service for Christ was far better. In the iniiiistritn of tho church Mr Robinson mentioned tho good old faahionod method of i:reacliing-man a sinner and Christ a saviour. Ho would have congregational not look so much for groat preach ing as for earnest preaching, and avoid the common weakness for I'Ulpit novelties Ho advocated special mission services, young men's asso ciations, and spoku strongly and earnestly in favor of total abstinence. » ith God's blessing upon tlieir work, they would show forth to men in every' deed the true gift of the Holy Ghost. This evening the sermon to tho Union will bo preached in the Tamar street Church, by tbo Rev. J. NisDet, service, commencing at 7.30. 