Music and the Drama. The facts not otherwise Khan here set down. BHKBIDAK KKOWXEB. PKESSTJBB of matter more important caused silence on matters musioal and dramatic last week ; else I should have spoken of Miss O hr intian's farewell concert, which took place at the Masonic Hall on the 31st .ultimo. The room and gallery were filled with a very fashionable audience, and the music provided was essentially good, save and except the serenade Chinois, played by M. Jules Meilhnm, in a style that realised Mulheim's in- tention, if he had any Chinese difficulty to overcome, most completely. A. semi derisive encore was complied with. The contrast between the "Serenade" and M. Meil han's playing of the accompaniment to Miss Christian's grand aria from " La l<avourita," surprised many beside myself, the latter betokening the skilled musician, and entitling Mr. Meilhan to far higher commendation than that won by hie previous performance. Miss Christian was received wibh every token of warm appreciation, and her rich voice gave due expression to Blumenthal's music. During her solo, however,some considerable annoy ance was caused by the continued blasting of a brass band practising somewhere in the neighbourhood of the hall. It will be well for concert managers to ascertain the nights when this band does not practice, to avoid an otherwise unintentional, though most unpleasant, dis- cord IQ the magnificent aria. "O mio, Fernando," Miss Christian gave full proof of her artistic capability fia the expression of'dramatic music, and Donnizetti ! would have bad but little to desire in the realisation of his beautiful melody: Miss Moon was also heard to great advantage, and with most evident pleasure, in Rossini's Bel Raggio" and Meyerbeer's "Roberto oh too che adore" both of which were rendered welcome by their admirable execution; Both ladieB were unani- mously and loudly applauded; M. F. H. Du Boulay, by his really grand performance on the concertina, as- tonished the audience by the exquisite harmony and brilliant tone with which he executed "La Rioordanza and Kode," followed, as an encore, by " Home, Sweet Home," with variations, and by the "Fantasie Bur le Carnival de Venise," by Ernst. The audience were de- lighted by this beautiful performance. Signor Simo netti sang with excellent voice, taste, and ex- pression an aria, by Gounod, and another from Verdi's Un Bailo, in both deservedly winning loud applause. The accompanyist was Mr. C. Huenerbein, who able performed this diffi- cult taBk. His selection RB a solo I had not the good fortune to hear, but believ« he will ere long take a premier position as a pianist if he will not permit eulogy to dostroy patience and practice. The Opera Company at the Theatre Royal returned from their Brisbane tour in limt rate condition, to uso a PegaBian phrase, and presented Mozart's "Don Giovanni" with considerable, though not appreciated effect. Mozart's operatic music does not seem to have obtained a hold yet upon the Sydney public, because I imagine it has to be regarded as a whole, and leaves little for the pets of the piano to repeat a« solos to their family circles. It seems strange, however, that while "Don Giovanni" cannot attract, "Faust," an equally romantic love-story, without oven tho relief of a Leporello or tho advent of a ghost, will fill the theatre upon each representation. I believe, and I am not singular herein, that if " Don Giovanni " could be represented until its beautiful UIUBÍC became as familiar as that of " Faust," there would be no lack of attraction in "Don Giovanni." During the week, " Ruy Blas," " Un Bailo," "Il Trovatore," always attractive and invariably well performed by Mr. S. Lazar's company, and, finally, " Faust," which, however, owing to the evident illness under which Signor Cossari as Mephistopheles was labouring, and one or two hitohes with which Signor Gosari had nought to do, ren- dered this the last and least effective performance of their whole season. Signor P. Palladini was in good voice, and Signora Venosta played, ns sha invariably has done, with great and careful effect, aiding very mush the success of every opera in which nbc has appeared. Signor Gam- betta also sang with his customary artistic excellence, and Signora Guadaguiui acted and sang the musio of Leonora with its accustomed effect upon tte audience, who have alwayn listened to her singing with such eyi* dent appreciation. They have departed hence to Mel- bourne, and I shall be glad to read that the success they will strive to gain may be within their grasp. Burlesque, which has reigned PO long supreme at the Victoria Theatre to please audiences who have preferred scantily clad bodies to highly cultivated minds, bas at last departed for a season to make way for " Hamlet, Prince of Denmark"-a tragedy by William Shakspere, written somewhere about the time when Elizabeth was Queen, and curiously enough, has " run" with ever-increasing appreciation, both by actors and audiences, for a period of about 270 years. The representative of the character of the Prince on this occasion is Mr. Alfred Dampier, who has been playing with much success in Melbourne and New Zealand. Mr. Dampier's experience as an actor is almost life-long, and although genius may jump at once to "top of sovereignty" in dramatic art, Mr. Dampier is a proof of what study, intelligence, and labor can accomplish. This is evidenced when we leam thnt the actor who now essays the part of Hamlet himself, first I appeared in public at Stratford-on-Avon, in October, ! 1862, as the player king in the samo tragedy. For his performance of this unobtrusive, yet necessary part, the critic wrote that "it waa specially due to Mr. Dampier to Btate that he never remembered to have heard that difficult speech so well pronounced." It is, however, of Hamlet as presented by Mr. Dampier, that I have now to speak. On the production of the play on Saturday night the Victoria was densely packed by an audience apparently more eager for novelty than appreciative of tragedy itself. This was, however, only observable in one portion of the theatre, and it is to be hoped it was its first and last exhibition. The appear ance of Mr. Dampier was, as is now the custom, the signal for continuous applause, and it was some seconds before he was allowed to speak. Mr. Dampier bas evidently made a deep and earnest study of the part of Hamlet, and the result is a consistent conception, care- fully elaborated in every detail. The actor has endea- voured, and successfully, to avoid imitations, in Rome passages being strikingly original and good, while in others, Although original, his reading of the text does not realise, tc mv own mind, Shakspere's intention. This is particularly marked in the passage commencing-" Oh what a rogue and peasant slave j am I," which Mr. Dampier delivers in a mnnner contrary to its usual declamation. His directions to j the players are also given in a hurried manner, which 1 does not consort with the instruction be endeavours to , give. One of bis most natural pieces of acting, little I though it be, was in the grave yard colloquy with the sexton. I am at a loss to conceive why Hamlet should fall after the disappearance of the ghost. It could not be from fear, and was not from fatigue, »nd the motivos he had received from the ghost himself were quite enough to have borne him "stiffly up." In the closet scene Mr. Dampier was v»ry fine, but here he had the assistance of an able queen in tho person of Miss Bow ring. I cannot approve of such meretricious aid as lime-light " glimpses of moon," which followed Hamlet about, almost blinding him with their brilliance, and leaving the poor ghost, half steel, half buff boots, in the shade. To my mind the light should enable Ham- let to see the ghost rather than tho reverse. It was very original indeed, also to introduce an illumined church window on the platform of the castle, and that Hamlet "should go pray" to the strains of a har- monium. Again, why is it necessary to introduce the "Dead March in Saul" for the procession to fae grave? Handel's mußic does not as- sociate comfortably with Sbakepere. As a whole, Mr. Dampier's impersonation of Ham- let may be regardod BB an intellectual study, affording many points of genuine originality, but un- equal in actual performance from an endeavour to excel his own excellence. Mr. Dampier bas a fine stage presence, thorough facial command, a magnificent voice, which is not managed however with the power it could maintain, and he dresses the prince with unexceptional propriety. At tho end of each act Mr. Dampier waB recalled and vociferously applauded, and his success in tho charaotor unequivocally pronounced. Of tho sur- roundings of the prince, I regret I can say but little in commendation, for with the exception of Miss Adelaide Bowring as the Queen, Mr. J. J. Bartlett ns the Ghoßt. one could not however realise tbat the samo Ghost had suffered much in the " eulph'rous flames," and Mr. Bland Holt as the Gravedigger, there was nolMng'above medi- ocrity. Miss Annie Pixley was Ophelia, but as an actress of Shakesperinn parts has yet greatly to study. Some ex- cuse may be permitted for the sudden transition from the jingling rhymes of burlesque to *he severity off blank verse, to an actress who discloses so 'much more» talent in William Tell than in William Shakspere. Miss Myra Kemble made a smart and lively Osric. I have also seen the effect of the stage manager and cos- tumier far more appropriately manifest than in this production of " Jbamlet." At the Theatre Royal I was present at the production, of a new romantic drama entitled "Rag Fair " The piece is, or perhaps I ought to say waa', by Horace Wigan, for I have ere now known pieces so slashed to» suit colonial requirements as to puzzle the author to recognise them. This drama was also to be the vehicle for the debut of a Miss Lottie Wilmott, and I regret to- be unable to chronicle a success. From the very first scene, after Migs Wilmott appeared, it was apparent that there was something wanting to realise the expectations raised by those long red letters in which MÍSB Wilmott's name had been put before the public. After the first and second acts were gone through the effervesence of disappointment made itself unpleasantly felt throughout the house, and was more fully developed ere the termination of the play. It Beema to me that some American stars come here to set, in- stead of dazzling us with the brilliancy of their talent and performance. The abilities possessed by Miss Wil- mott may be great, but in the part undertaken by her in '* Rag Fair ' I failed, among a great many others, to discover them The piece itself is full of sensational incidents, and is well put upon the stage, having a great amount of good scenery and stage appurtenances, but it wants the pruning knife to make it run smoothly and more intelligibly. In tho scene of " Rag Fair" a real live donkey is brought upon the stage, but sur- rounded as he was by so many, attracted little personal attention. Had he only brayed, what a hit he would have made. Mr, G. D. Chaplin, Mise Mary Young, Miss Maggie Oliver, Mr. J. J. Welsh,. Mr. Joyee, Mr. J- A, South, and nearly every member of Mr. Lazar's company has some part' or other in this play. Mr. H. N. Douglas also re- appeared in this drama, and was enthusiastically received. The principal members played their parts, as usual, with great skill, endeavouring to im- part life and vigour to the piece, but still it flagged. There was one good scene, in which an old coat is sold by auction, and, perhaps, the characters most indi- vidualised by performance were Mr Chaplin's Oswald Trevor, Mr. J. J. Welsh's Jemmj Gatherall, a really artifttio assumption, and Rose Bloomer, by Miss Maggie Oliver, and Miss Melville as Mrs. Rann, and Mr. J. A. South as Brightside, but the piece will not draw unleBB shorf-f.,. "fl and strengthened. I iitih.r that Mr. J 0. Rayner, the proprietor of the original American War, after a very successful tour in China and New Zealand, is about shortly to revisit Sydney with his beautiful panorama. I bear, also from Buffalo City that Mr. Stewart Rowe is making a successful tour through the States, and will probably visit his old "camping ground" once more. It will »Iso be matter of congratulation to the numerous friends of Mr. W Dind, so many years con- nected with musical and dramatic entertainments, to know that he is recovering from the effects of the severe accident he met with on Anniversary Day, when his own and several other lives were nearly sacrificed, the boat their bodies were in being cut in two by the yacht Magic. Mr. Dind was the most seriously in- jured, but is now in a convalescent state. _FIGARO. The salary of the Chief Justice of Fiji has, by order of the Imperial Government, been raised to £1200 per annum On Saturday last a number of gentlemen starte dJ from the Circular Quay in a steam-launch down th© barbour for the purpose of showing respect to Dr. Dansey, sen., who is about to return to England in the fine steamship Nemesis. The day was all that could be desired for a pleasure tripón our beautiful barbour; and the sight of the Boyal Sydney Yacht Squadron's second-class match will bo one to be remembered by those who witnessed the manceuvering of the splendid fleet of yachts taking part in the race on Saturday. r. Lord, the City Treasurer, proposed, in eulogistic terms, the health of the guest, who appropriately re- sponded, and added that he regretted having to leave such beautiful Bcenery as they had that day witnessed. The party returned to Sydney about 6 o'clock. During the early part of last week (says th© Yass Courier) a well-known gentleman in this town, who is of an excitable temperament, and who is known to talk loudly in his sleep, performed one of the most extraordinary feats in somnambulism which has ever come under our notice. It seems he went to bed at his residence, about two miles from Yass, at ten o'clock on the night of Monday, the 29th ultimo. About two hourn after, he arose, dressed, went to the stable, saddled a horse, and rode into town, where he knocked at the bedroom window of a certain innkeeper, and demanded a glass of schnapps. Tho liquor was supplied and, as usual, drunk straight without any grimaces. He mounted the horse, returned home, undressed and slept soundly until seven o'clook next morning. Two days afterwards, when the landlord challenged him with having disturbed his slumbers on tho night in question, the accusation was stoutly denied. Since then he has made searching inquiries, and is perfectly satisfied that ho ia an extraordinary somnambulist. The collision which resulted in the loss of the steam dredgo "Willunga, at Adelaide, happened in thin way. Tho Victorian proceeded at her usual paco until nearing the outer bar, wherotho Willunga WUB moored. She then noticed that tho Willunga waa lying athwart tho stream, and had hoisted a signal for vessels to pass heron the other Bide. This the Victorian proceeded to do, but to avoid a small ketch coming from an opposite direction, she neared the dredge, and it is supposed her stern touched the mud, causing her to lose steerage way. Orders to stop her and reverse wore given, but the current influenced her course, BO that, instead of answeting to tho helm, she crashed obliquely into the Willunga on the starboard bow, cutting through tho main rail bulwarks and water- way. The dredge heeled over to port, and Bank in a Bhort time. There was a good deal of commotion on board the dredgo, but all hands were saved, some getting on board the Victorian, and tho rest on beard tho ßtoamer Governor Musgrave. It is expeotcd that it will take BÍX months, and cost £10,000, to rniso tho Willunga. Her original cost was about £30,000. Tho Victorian had a full cargo and 120 paHBcngcrfi A por- tion of the passengers went on in the'Olaud Hamilton, and the rest by the Flinders this morning. The Vic- torian had a bolo knocked in lier plates on tho star- board side 18iu long and Oin broad, and tho angle iron of tho forefoot was smashed ou tho port Hide. There is a rent of 10ft and other damages, altogether estimated at- about £160. She has been put on tho slip, and io expected to bo ready for her next trip. Tho Govern- ment have dotormined to raißo tho Willunga thom BOIVOB. ns her position in tho channel io dauaroroua to I navigation. -Árgt(8, February 8. 