Thb Wbeck of thb Emily Smith. — Some farther particulars have reached us from Cape Borda; but up to a late hour last night the keepers who had gone to search for the other survivors from the wreck had not returned. The accounts from the men who have reached Cape Borda show that they had encountered great pri vations, and that there is little hope for the nun and the woman whom they left behind too ex hausted to travel further, destitute as they were both of raiment and food. Telegrams from our Special Beporter and Mr. J. M. Belcher will be found in the usual column. Thb Qvaraktinb Station — The following telegram from the Health Officer at Port Adelaide to the Honourable Chief Secretary has been courteously handed to us by the Under secretary : — ** The single men, single women , married people, and children are all well this morning. The girl sr.SFering from the conse quences of rheumatism is much better.' The Town Hirr,. — The City Council resolved on Monday that the present system of lighting the Town Hall by means of pendants be con tinued. Mr. E. W. 'Wright, whose attention Kid not been directed to this point, reported on two other plans of improved illumination, ? out the general feeling appeared to be that they would i-ost too much. It is probable that the organ will have to be worked by water power, as three men, who would be confined in a small dark hpace, would otherwise be required to blow the bellows. Lectcbe os Poi-?n-. — Count de Zaba, who is making a brief stay in Adelaide, has kindly consented to deliver a lecture on the history and literature of Poland in aid of the fund? of the Children's Hospital. His Excellency the Ad ministrator of the Government has consented to preside at the lecture, which is to be given in the Exchange Kcom on Friday evening, May 29. Tub Firb in Ritndlb-stbeet. — An enquiiy into the circnmsHnces connected with the f re at Messrs. Wilcox's establishment will be held by the City Coroner this morning. ? 'Width of City Sipebts. — Attention was called at the meeting of the City Council on Monday to the fact that clause 97 of the Cor poration Act provides that no street, unless 40 feet in width shall be formed in Adelaide, and that therefore the making of streets of less width, which had been frequently carried out in the past, was illegal. The Council, neverthe less, resolved to call for conditional tenders for the construction of a private street only 10 feet wide, though the necessity for an amendment of the Act was admitted. Libel.— 'We are informed that the counsellor Mr. King in the Advertiser libel case have re qnestcd the other side to corsent to an adjourn ment of the case for a week. Mr. 'W. V. Smith, as representing Messrs. Cullen & 'Wigley, has replied that he will not object to the hearing being put off, provided the police do not object to that course. It is unlikely that the police will raise a» y objection, and the c?«e will probably be call'd on formally at the Police Court and adjourned until next Tuesday. Philharmonic Society. — The first season concert of this Society is announced for Thurs day evening next in White's Booms. The pro gramme consists of a very choice selection of music. *We observe that in anticipation of a full attendance the Committee have determined upon limiting the number of tickets to the capacity of the room. The Escape from the Lunatic Asylum.— 'William Gordon Stewart, who escaped from the Adelaide Lunatic Asylum on Sunday evening, May 20, by climbing over the wall, has not yet been captured. A number of troopers are out searching for the fugitive. Fixn.dehs-sthbbt Chuech. — A tea meeting in connection with the Flinders-street Presbyterian Sabbath School anniversary services will be held this evening in the church, and will be followed by a service of song. The Victorian. — After a lengthened anl boisterous passage, with persistently head winds and heavy sea, this steamer arrived off Glenelg on Monday about midday. Among the passen gers was the Hon. Sir W. Milne, who returns after a month's absence in the other colonies. During the passage a valuable horse died, one of seven shipped in Melbourne, and the wonder is that any of them survived, considering the weather experienced on the voyage round. Tire Evangelical Alliance. — The annual meetings in connection with the South Austra lian Evangelical Alliance were commenced on Monday evening, May 21, when a public meet ing was held in the Pirie-street Lecture Hall, at which the Rev. 'W. R. Fletcher presided. The Secretary's and Treasurer's reports were adopted, and the various officers elected for the ensuing year. On Wednesday evening a united. Com munion service will be held in the Stow Church. Poet Adelaide asd Suburban Rlflb Club. —A special meeting of the members has been convened for this evening at the Glanvilie Hotel. Saved from Starvation.— The Sydney 3forn ing Herald of May 15 says : — 'A few days ago intelligence was received from Captain Steven, of the Morning Star, that his vessel was totally wrecked in the vicinity of Port Stephens. The captain and the crew saved themselves from drowning, and succeeded in reaching Oabbage tree Island, the north-easternmost of the three islets off the entrance to Port Stephens. But here another fate seemed to await them, for their provisions had been lost, and starvation stared them in the face. In this terrible predica ment Captain Steven carefully searched the island, with the object of discovering, if possible, some edible plant that could sustain life until help was forthcoming. After rejecting one thing after another as unfit for food he at length found a plant bearing pods resembling broad beans, containing numerous seeds having the appearance of large peas. These were eaten by the men, who found them palatable, and for about nine days they lived on no other food. Cap tain Steven brought pods of this plant toSyduey, but it is much to be regretted that he did not also bring flowers or leaves, as in the absence of these the specific nature of the plant cannot positively be known, but it is supposed to be Canavalia obtusifolia. So interesting a its plant should be more widely known, for existence on Gabbagetree Island undoubtedly saved the captain and his crew from perishing. A knowledge of this vegetable may not only nave other shipwrecked crews from starvation, but may also become a valuable article of food in our gardens.' Mail Sekyicb between Port Piuib and Adelaldb.— Oar correspondent at Port Pirie writes as follows :— ' For some time past it ha- appeared somewhat anomalous that mails hence to Adelaide go through in a day, while mails from the city to Port Pirie leave one day and only arrive here late in the afternoon of the day after. But it is usually taken for granted that all possible and reasonable expedition is used in the conveyance of mails between important centres of population, and probably most people satisfied themselves with a vague belief that the up mails from town were longer on the war, owing to some unavoidable exigency of the method of transmission. But so far from this, it appears that daily mails reach Gladstone the same day as they leave Adelaide, and that the Port Pirie mails could quite as well be dispatched by this route- and -brought on to the Port by the train, arriving here at 8.30 a.m., thus giving us our daily papers fully seven hours earlier than at present, and leaving busi ness people a much longer time in which to prepare and send away their replies. Why this should not be. done — why Port Pirieaus should be kept seven : hours longer than is reasonable or necessary out of their papers and letters is a question utterly unsolvable by common sense, and equally inscrutable by the light of either economy or expediency. Not forgetting the fact that by tho present arrangements letters for here may be posted a few hours later than if they left Adelaide by the earlier mail, the more pertinent fact remains that at all times, and especially in such stirring times as these, great interest is felt in the news issued by. the daily Press, and the conve nience of the general public in such a matter does certainly deserve better things thin such a blundering arrangement as exists now. As if, however, in anticipation of a request for earlier mails, it is proposed to cense running the early train from Gladstone on and after June 1, and from that date to run only one train per day — starting from Gladstone shortly after noon and from Port Pirie at 5.45 a.m.; and as this would greatly augment the difficulty of arranging for an improved time- table for the mails, and would, moreover, be a considerable inconvenience to the public, it may very likely be done. Perhaps it is too much to expect that a rearrangement of our mails will be conceded to anything else- but vigorous and persistent pressure; but we can at ail events follow the example of Mr. Clennaoi ?and 'want to know you know' why it im't dore.' Ma. Minns ahd thb Ootjhch. of Education. — In another column we publish a full report of a discussion which took place at the meeting of the Council of Education on Monday, May 21, in reference to ihe dismissal of Mr. Minns, the late Head Master of the Rundle-street School. Mr._ Barlow, who introduced the matter, said he desired to correct a misapprehension which ap peared to exist in the minds of a portion of the public to the effect that the appointment of Mr. Broadbent to the position of assistant at the Rundle-street School was in any sense made by the President of the Council. He said Mr. Hartley merely recommended the appointment, and the responsibility of making it rested equally among the members of the Council. Mr. Barlow justified the President's recommendation, and read letters from Mr. Minns himself, and from Mr. Moore, of the Pulteney-atreet Schol, speaking in high terms of Mr. Brof.dbent'.s ability and tact as a teacher, and recommending him for appointment to a school at Kangariila. These letters were written eighteen months ago. Since that time Mr. Broadbent had been iu the Tiaining School, and the Principal having given a tolerably good report of him on all but one point, it was telt by most of the members of the Council that he ought to have a fair trial given him. Several members in speaking on the subject 6aid they took Mr. Minna's silence on the point to imply that his assistant was getting on well; and the first intimation to the contrary was when the complaint had been made that Mr. Minns had not paid over the fees due to Mr. Broadbent. All the members of the Council took part in the discussion, and each one, with a single exception, confirmed Mr. Barlow's statement that the responsibility of the appointment of Mr. Broadbent rested with them conjointly, and not with the President as their executive head. In commenting on an anonymous letter which appeared in the Register, and in which the writer started that Mr. Hartley, as President of the Council, was arbi trary, and that he screened his acts under the Council's decisions, Mr. Barlow said he knew of no one in the public service who acted more fearlessly and straightforwardly as an admini strator than the President of the Council. One of the members suggested that a vote of confi dence should be proposed, but Mr. Hartley said that was not at all necessary. All he desired was that the true facts of the case should be made public It was mentioned that the ques tion of proceeding against Mr. Minns on a charge of falsifying the numbers on the roll at the Bundle-street School was under consi deration. The Intercolonial Telegraph.— The fre quent interruptions which occur in the tele graph lino between Melbourne and Mount Gambier render it necessary that a more inland route should be chosen for the direct com munication to Adelaide, where the atmospheric influences incidental to a coast line would not be felt. If the telegraph from Swan Hill was extended to the junction of the Darling and the Murray at the South Australian Border, much of the present difficulty and inconvenience would be obviated, and at the same time a direct routo to Adelaide would be provided via Went worth. Frequently of late, owing to the inter ruptions, cable and other messages from Adelaide have been received through Sydney. St. Francis Xavter's Cathedral.— A corre spondent sends us the following:— 'On Sunday night this cathedral was crowded, and a mission was solemnly opened. The object of the mission— which is equivalent to a revival amongst Protestants — is by special sermons and prayers to prepare Catholics to worthily receive the sacraments, and to enable them to partici pate in the spritual treasures which the Church lavishes on the faithful at snch times. Father Prendergast, one of the most popular Catholic preachers in Adelaide, delivered the first of the discourses, and U sk his text from the epistle of the clay, which related to the wonderful effects the descent of the Holy Ghost had on the followers of Jesus. The sermon was remarkable for its impassioned eloquence and deep impressiveness.' Reception of Mr. Davenport. — The joint Committee of the Exhibition Commission, the Agricultural Society, and the Chamber of Manu factures have decided that the banquet to Mr. Davenport, the representative of the colony Jat the Philadelphia Exhibition, shall take place on June 8 if that day is convenient to Mr. Daven port. It is intended to i? ik the Acting-Governor to preside. On the same date there will be ai exhibition — open to the public free of charge — of all the labour-saving implements obtained by Mr. Davenport „ in America and Canada. Persons who have machinery from those countries are desired to forward it in order that the usefulness and attractiveness of the Exhi bition may be increased. The Eastern Extension Company's Cable. — The following notice was posted outside the Telegraph Office on Monday, May 21 : — ' The cable recently laid between Rangoon and Penang by the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company will be open for traffic on the 27th instant. The Indian Government have fixed a uniform transit rate through India of 7id. per word instead of 5s. per 10 words hitherto charged on messages via Madras. The charge for messages for countries west of India will therefore be raised 2d. per word on and after i!7th instant. Thus the cost of a message to London will be 10s. 8d. per word instead of 10s. 6d. as at present. The rates to places in India, if sent via Madras, will be — West of Chittagong 7s. lid. per word, east of Chittagong 8s. 2d. per word ; via Rangoon, west of Chittagong 8s. 2d. per word, east of Chittagong 7s. lid. per word. The Port Temporary Bridgb.— It is high time some attention was paid to the temporary bridge over the Port River, as it is in a |by no means safe condition, groaning as it does under the heavy traffic passing over it from early dawn till late at night. At the Glanvilie 'end there is a large hole which if not filled up will be the means of causing a serious accident. The road way of the bridge, is inches deep in mud con cealing numerous holes, to the great discom fiture of the passengers; and the whole structure being only wide enough for one vehicle at a time, except at the recess near the centre, the coaches to and from the 'trains are often de layed by having to wait for some slow-moving loaded dray to cross over. The road from the Semaphore is about on a par with the bridge, and requires as much leaking after. The Intercolonial Football Match. — Some difficulty is likely to arise in reference to the date of this match, as the Victorian Association have fixed upon July 2, whereas the South Australian challenge has been sent for July 14. The acceptance of the date fixed by the Victorians would probably make it necessary to rearrange the printed match- list of the South Australian Association. It is also worth noticing that since the revision of their rules by the Victorian Association there is con siderable difference between the rules played here and those used iu Victoria. Of course any team going over to Melbourne would be obliged to play according to the Victorian rules, and unless the South Australian code is more nearly assimilated to them the Adelaide team would have to play at a decided disadvantage. We hear that as soon as the Secretary of our Association receives a reply from Mr. Power, the Victorian Secretary, he intends calling a meeting of the Committee to consider the matter. GALVANIZED IRON WORKERS. — A meeting of galvanized iron, zinc, and tinplate workers was held at the Young Queen Inn, Freeman-street, on Monday evening, May 21. There was a large attendance of the trade, and Mr. W. Frost pre- sided. After some discussion it was resolved that the Society should be called the South Australian Galvanized Iron, Zinc, and Tinplate Workers' Society. The following officers were appointed :— President, Mr. Joseph Shipley : Vice-President, Mr. A. Dunk; Secretary, Mr. H. D. Edwards; Treasurer, Mr. W. Frost. Messrs. C. Daniels, J. A. Sweeney, E. Dunsdale, R. Bishop. W. Brown, J. Julze, and Doran were also elected Committeemen. The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. Proposed QrxHANTiNE Station — Meeting at Stansecrt.— Our correspondent at this place lias sent us the following :— ' Saturday's mail brought the startling news that the Commis sion appointed by the Government to select a site for a quarantine station had recommended Black Point as a suitable place. The news con cerned us so deeply that the matter waa taken into consideration at once. At the meeting which was held in the evening, Mr. Pitt being Chairman, great indignation was expressed by the whole of those preseut, and a proposition was unanimously carried that a Committee be appointed to co-operate with the whole of the other towns in Southern Yorke's Peninsula in obtaining signatures to a petition pointing oat to the Government the danger iu every respect there would be in carrying out the recom mendation. The opinion was freely expressed that every man and woman on the Peninsula would be roused to take action iu the matter, and that as time was valuable the Committee should set to work at once. The Committee appointed were Messrs. P. Anderson, E. Fox, Wurm, Pitt, and Calder the latter to act as Secretary.' TJKrvKHSiTY Lecture. — Professor Tate de livered the eighth of his series of lectures on the 'Ancient Physical Geography of South Australia' in connection with the University at the Institute on Monday evening, May 21. There was a large attendance. Drs. Gosse and Whittell occupied seats on the platform. The Professor commenced by describing the beds in the quarry at the rear of Government House, and gave proofs of their stratigraphical position. Inferior to the drifts, their fossils were specifically dif ferent from living shells, and therefore could not be appealed to as evidence of elevation of the land during recent periods. In conformity with the method of classification of tertiary rocks proposed by Sir Charles Lyell these beds belong to the Australian miocene period, as they contain more than 75 per cent, of extinct species of shells. The Adelaide rocks, he then went on to say, are remnants or outliers of — separated by subsequent denudation from — the main mass occupying the southern part of Yorke's Penin sula. These beds abutted against and feathered in and out among the Adelaide hills up to eleva tions of about 300 feet. Of the portions re maining on the east side of the Gulf the most noticeable, which were described in detail, are at Gawler, at Adelaide, the sea cliffs from Noarlunga to the south side of Aldinga Bay, and in the valley of the Bullinga River. In many places alorg this route beaches are recog nisable, and certain ferruginous sandstones and gravels, which are anterior to them and coter minous with them, which are regarded as river and ^ lake accumulations. To these the gold bearing drifts of the Barossa and Humbug Scrub fields seem to belong. To the same age belong the rocks of the Murray basin and the white chalky limestones of the South-East, with their flint layers and potstones so strongly reminding one of the fair and stately chalk cliffs of England. By reference to a map, on which the area occupied by miocene strata was coloured blue to represent sea, it was forcibly shown that South Australia during miocene times was an archipelago, and that its land surface was not one-third of what it now is. At the conclusion of his lecture Mr. Tate announced that a geo logical excursion would be made to Gawler on Saturday next, leaving town by the train start ing at 10.50 aan. Mr. W. Corbie Johnston. — The following particulars of the history of this gentleman, who is about to begin a series of evangelistic services in the city, have been forwarded to us by the Rev. John McEwin: — 'Mr. Johnston is a native of Dumfriesshire, Scotland, and is now about 30 years of age. On arriving at manhood he determined to devote himself to the profes sion of the ministry in connection with the Free Church of Scotland, and pursued his studies at the Glasgow University and Free . Church Divinity Hall. He also engaged at the same time . in mission work in Glasgow ? and the neighbourhood, ' where he founded and built up at least two mission churches,, which are now under regular pastoral care. Mr. Johnston's health, however, broke down under the double strain, and he was ordered to seek a wanner climate. Accordingly about four years ago he reached the Province of Otago, New Zealand, where his health quickly improved, and he was able again to .pur sue his work. Under his ministry a Church at Caversham, near Dunedin, was revived, and is now in charge of a settled pastor. So great was the interest awakened by Mr. Johnston's preaching both in Port Chalmers and Dunedin that a revival movement broke out spontaneously, and a series of meetings were held at both places ; the largest buildings were too small to contain the audiences which assembled, and the conversions were num bered by hundreds. About ? two years ago Mr. Johnston left New Zealand to come to Victoria with the view of completing his studies. Before bis departure his friends presented him with an address and a purse of 200 sovereigns. While in New Zealand he pub lished a little book entitled ' life Abundantly/ a second edition of which has just been pub lished in Scotland, edited by Dr. Andrew A. Bonnar, with an introduction by Dr. Candlish. After completing his studies in Victoria Mr. Johnston declined to take 'licence,' which according to Presbyterian form would have placed him under the direction of the Pres bytery, preferring to hold himself free for evangelistic work. So thorough is his devotion to this that though he has received calls to the pastorate from some six or seven diffe rent Churches, some of them accompanied by very liberal pecuniary offers, he has turned a deaf ear to them all. He has conducted series of evangelistic services in Melbourne and in several of the provincial towns of Victoria with considerable success, especially in Geelong, where the movement in its depth and intensity and in the result which followed resembled that in New Zealand. Last year Mr. Johnston commenced the publication in Melbourne of Words of Grace, a monthly illustrated evangelical magazine for old and young. The success attained by this venture has far exceeded his expectations, and proves that the magazine supplies a want. It has already reached in Victoria and New Zealand a circulation of over 5,000 per month, which the editor hopes soon to double. He is now making arrangements for regular contributions from some of the most celebrated ministers in Great Britain and America. A deep interest has been felt in Mr. Johnston's services at Hindmarsh, which have been continued for three weeks, and marked good has resulted in many cases.' Mr. McEwin adds : — ' The Evangelical Alliance has arranged for a series of united meetings in the city, during the continuance of which a noon prayer-meeting will be held daily, and the services in the separate churches will be omitted as far as possible. It is hoped that Christians of all denominations will unite to hold up Mr. Johnston's hands by sympathy and prayer.' Supreme Court. — His Honor Mr. Justice Stow sat in Banco on Monday, May 21, and on the application of Mr. Boucaut, Q.C., he made absolute a ride nwi for a new trial or verdict for defendants in the case of Isaac Place Pearce v. District Council of Narracoorte. In the matter of the special case, Great Amalgamated Gold Reefing Company, Limited, v. John Carstairs, remitted from the Adelaide Local Court for the opinion of the Supreme Court, His Honor made answer in the negative and awarded the plaintiff Company costs. In the Matrimonial Causes Jurisdiction an extension of 10 days' time for the filing of additional affidavits in the divorce suit of Woihte v. Woihte was granted. A decree nisi was given in the divorce suit of Sharp v. Sharp and Harper, but His Honor_ stated that so far as the co-respondent was con cerned there was no evidence. The adjourned Equity case of W. T. Dalwood v. the Balhannah Mining Company was also heard by His Honor, and after a somewhat protracted argument by the petitioner's counsel (Mr. W. V. Smith) it was di-missed with costs. The Court in its various jurisdictions then adjourned till Mon day next. Kensington Bible Christian Church.— - A tea-meeting was held at this church on Monday evening, May 21, at which the Rev. J. Thorne, who has just returned to the colony from England, was welcomed. After the tea, which had been generously provided by the ladies of the congregation, was finished, a lecture was given by the rev. gentleman upon part of his experience during his trip. The Revs. J. Way, T. Piper, and H. J. Lambert also sat in the chancel with Mr. Thorne, Mr. Way actingas Chairman of the meeting. After Messrs. Way and Piper had addressed the meeting and given a short account of the history of the Kensing ton Church, Mr. Thorne introduced his very interesting and able lecture by thanking the congregation for the warm welcome they had given him, and said that in all his travels he had seen no place he liked so much as. Adelaide. He then referred very shortly to hi-? work as Emigration Lecturer, saying that he had no fear of meeting any one who had been induced to come out here by him, as he hid never held out any inducements which were not strictly true. After this he gave his hearers a short but vivid description of some of the most striking things ho had seen during his trip from Adelaide to New York, alluding to the marked superiority of Americau hotels and railways over English ones, and saying that the English were the most con ceited people in the world. His descriptions of Utah and Fiji were specially interesting, the natives of the latter place being apparently re markable for their observance of the Subb-ith. On the question of immigration Mr. Thorns spoke bnt little. He expressed, however, h.U abhorrence of Chinese immigration, and looked upon it as a retribution upon England for its treatment of China. After the conclusion of this first portion of Mr. Thome's lecture the Chairman moved a vote of thanks to him, and Mr. Thorne promised the continuation on a future occasion. After an anthem had been sung and the usual speeches had been made the meeting dissolved. Socth Australian Female Refuge. — His Lordship the Anglican Bishop of Adelaide pre sided on Monday afternoon, M-*y 21, at the annual meeting of the South Australian Female Refuge. A satisfactory report and balance sheet were submitted to the meeting, and the Ladies' and General Committees for the current year were appointed. Inquest. — On Monday afternoon, May 21, Mr. T. Ward, JJ\, the City Coroner, held an inquest at the^Governor Hindmarsh Inn, Bowden, on the body of Ann Hoi will, wife of J. Hoi will, carpenter, at Bowden, who died suddenly in her house the day before. Mr. William Hocking was Foreman of the Jury. Elizabeth Bellis, married woman, stated that the deceased, whom she had known for about five months, had been in the Hospital suffering with paralysis from last New YeaTs Day up to about two months ago. Her confinement was near at hand. On Satur day, May 19, witness left deceased quite well at her tea and saw her again at 9.30 on the same evening. On returning found her in a fit. Witness was so st?rt?ed that she could not recol lect what she did, but' subsequently she obtained assistance, and Dr. Seabrook attended deceased. The deceased and her husband appeared to live comfortably together. Maria Freeman, widow, Bowden, deposed that she had known Mrs. Hoi will for five years, and she had always been a delicate woman. Dr. Mclntyre attended her when she had a paralytic stroke about test Christmas time. She went to the Hospital, J-.nd remained about two months. Saw her alive on Sunday morning, but on the previous evening she had a fit. She looked as well as usual on Saturday afternoon when witness saw her standing at her gate. At 950 deceased's husband called witness to his wife, who he said was in a fit. Witness found her unconscious. The doctor came soon afterwards, and applied remedies, but she died at 4 a.m. on Sunday. Deceased had every possible comfort for one in her condition John Holwill, husband of deceased, said she was 34 years of age. She had been ailing since December 25, and had a fit of paralysis at that date and lost the nse of her right side, but par tially recovered. When deceased had the fit witness went for Dr. Seabrook, who attended. Dr. Mclntyre advised the same treatment. Deceased never spoke after her attack. Had left her alive and well at 4 p.m. on Saturday. Catherine Conway gave corroborative evidence, and said deceased and her husband lived very happily together, and she received proper atten tion. Dr. Seabrook said he was called in to attend deceased on Saturday night about 10, and found her sitting in a chair, suffering from what appeared to be an apoplectic fit. Her breathing was stertorous, and the body cold and livid. Prescribed and then left, returning again later. ' She had evidently been in a fit for some time when witness visited her. Examined the body and found no marks of violence. Deceased was very near her confinement, and that fact would hasten a fit of apoplexy. Death was caused by cerebral apoplexy. The Jury, without retiring, found — u That the' death of deceased was caused by apoplexy.' School Accommodation at Strathalbyn. — The Minister of Education visited Strathalbyn on Saturday, May 19, and was waited upon by a deputation from the Corporation consisting of most of the ' Councillors, the Town Clerk, and several interested and influential burgesses. The object of the deputation was to urge the neces sity for increased school accommodation, and also, if thought desirable, the erection of a schoolhouse on more spacious grounds than those attached to the existing one and in a more central position. The deputation was intro duced—in the absence of the Mayor, Dr. Blue — by Councillor Harris, who, in a short but con clusive address, plainly demonstrated that what the deputation sought was urgently required. Councillors Bell and Mimes also spoke on the subject. The Minister of Education (Hon. E. Ward) very courteously admitted the reasonable ness of the requests that had been made, and said that although the school accommodation in that locality had not been increased since the establishment of the Educational Council, yet it had been borne in mind and the place spoken of as one needing such improvements as were now asked for. He had much pleasure in informing the deputation that if a sum were not already set aside for the purpose it should be done on the very next instalment being made for educational purposes. The deputation thanked the Minister for the kind manner in which they had been received by him and for the assurance which he - had given them, and then withdrew. TRACTION-ENGINES.—A special train will to- day convey to the Burra two new traction- engines, built by Messrs. J. Fowler & Co., of Leeds, England, to the order of Messrs. Elder and Waite, and intended for dam-scraping on their Paratoo Run. The engines, which are 16 horse power each, arrived at Port Adelaide about the middle of March in the Mangalore, and they have since been placed on their wheels, and fitted up at the Government locomotive shops. The second one was completed on Monday, May 21, and in the presence of Mr. Waite, Mr. Mais (the Engineer-in-Chief), Mr. Thow, Mr. Grayson, and other gentlemen, it underwent a prelimi- nary trial along the road behind the Govern- ment shops. It was afterwards placed on two trucks, which had been screwed together and otherwise strengthened for its conveyance to the Burra. The weight of the engine is about 15 tons. It was a somewhat novel sight to witness the engine supplying its own motive power, and mounting the heavy-inclined beams which formed a sort of tramway from the rails on to the top of the trucks. On arrival at the Burra the two engines will be " steamed" up to Paratoo, a distance of about 80 miles, their proba- ble rate of speed being about two and a half miles per hour. We believe that Messrs. Elder and Waite are so much pleased with the engines that they purpose obtaining additional ones for the use of their other runs. Railway Station at Green's Plains. — A few days since Mr. J. Richards, MP., for warded a memorial to the Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. J. Colton), from the settlers on Green's Plains, praying that the Government in carrying out the Port Wakefield and Kadina Railway would place a station at the junction of the Cocoanut and Moonta roads, which the memorial urged would greatly benefit the farmers on the plains in the disposition of their produce. Mr. Richards has received a reply from the Commissioner, in which Mr. Colton says the Government will be unable to comply with the request of the memorialists, on the ground that it would render necessary some very steep gradients. The Commissioner has undertaken to have the station placed three quarters of a mile nearer Kadina than the point suggested by the iaemorialists. Tramway to Mitcham. — A meeting of persons favourable to the construction of a tramway from Adelaide through Unley to Mitcham was held in the Mitcham Institute on Monday evening, May 21, and opinions were expressed that steam-power was preferable to horsetrac ticn. The scheme met with hearty support, and in addition to the shares already secured about 350 were taken up at the meeting. Port Pirie.— The weather at Port Pirie for the past week has been very seasonable, but somewhat showery and uncertain for occupation or amusement out of doors. The state of things out on the Areas is highly satisfactory, and promises well for an exceptionally good season. During a severe squall on Friday night, May 18, a recently-built and occupied dwelling was unrcofed and one of the chimneys blown-down, to tl e discomfort and alarm of the inmates, the master feeing aggravated by the heavy rain which accompanied the wind. The large wheat stack of Messrs. Morgan, Connor, k Glyde was also partly stripped at the same time. Mr. Tallerman and the Victorian Agent General. — It has been stated. (says the Argus) that the action threatened by Mr. Daniel Taller man against the Agent- General, Mr. Michie, for an alleged libel contained in a despatch to the Victorian Government, exposing certain prac tices in connection with the sale of Texan meat :\s Australian preserved meat, would be tried in London immediately. We are informed that the Government have received no communica tion to this effect, and that the latest communi cation upon this subject indicated that there was little likelihood of the action, which was merely a piece of bravado, being proceeded with The Wreck at the Chatham Islands. — The ship Ocean Mail, which was telegraphed as having been lost on March 19 on one of the Chatham Islands, about 350 miles from New Zealand, was a fine iron vessel of 1,039 tons, owned by J. Pattern, jun., & Co., of London. She left Wellington for London on the loth March last, having then been detained ten days at the port of 'Wellington by contrary winds. Her cargo, valued at about £78,000, consisted principally of wool, of which she had 4,904 bales on board. The cargo was insured in offices at New Zealand, but a great part of it was re insured in other offices in Victoria, New Sonth Wales, and .South Australia, the amount so re insured being estimated at about £50,000. The vessel itself was probably insured at home by the owners. She only carried three passengers from Wellington, who, as well as the crew, were saved from the wreck. Goodwood Park New Township. — We under stand that a piece of laud in this new township, situated two miles to the south of Adelaide and adjoining the Glenelg line of railway, has been secured for the erection thereon of a Sabbath schoolroom and place of worship. The creetion of the building will speedily take place. O VER-BULLDING IN THE SHIPPmd \- TRADE.: - { The alarm of over-building is not so rare among shipowners that it should greatly startle them, but there seems to be peculiar force in the circumstances under which it has been at presentraised. Shipowning has in the most paradoxical manner become a popular investment in England, where the monthly Board of Trade returns show that the amount of employment is steadily decreasing. It is notorious that Atlantic steamers by the dozen have been laid up in the Mersey and the Clyde. The balance-sheet of every lead ing Company discloses diminishing profits if not positive loss. Next to foreign securities, shipping shares— except in the coasting trade, which prospers — show the heaviest depreciation as compared with the prices of three years ago. Neverthe less shipbuilding is still a nourishing industry, and when the last mail left England there was a little expectation of a demand for ' higher 'wages in some of the ,. building yards; In the Nautical Magazine for March the question- is comprehensively treatedj and a large amount of information supplied regarding.it.; The writer esti mates the aTmTial waste of shipping, and demonstrates, from the number .of new vessels being built every year, apart from those purchased abroad, that nearly 100,000 tons a year are being permanently added to the mercantile marine of the United Kingdom. On December 31, 1875, there were registered at the Board of Trade 20,644 Railing ships of 4,144,000 tons, and 4,160 steamers of 1,943,197 tons; total, 24,804 ships and 6,087,197 tons. Taking an average of the preceding five years, it was found that 260,000 tons per ani^im were lost through wrecks and ' casualties. Half as much may be added for ships sold or broken up, making an - annual waste of 390,000 tons. . In 1875 the amount of new tonnage created was 568,179 tons, and in 1876 473,493 tons. The former year gave an excess over average waste of 178,000 tons and the latter of 83,000 tons. The30 were vessels completed within the respective years. At the commencement of the present year there were estimated to be 420,000 tons building, and if noii another ship was laid down the excess over average waste would again he 30,000 tons. The money value of the new ships built, during the past three years is estimated roughly at over 21 millions sterling, seven millions per annum being ^ forced into a business which is universally acknowledged to be unremunerative. The Nautical Magazine considers it time to: raise an alarm against this shipbuilding mania, for which it discerns a number of adventitious causes. The cheapness of iron and of money, the two great factors of production, are of course quoted as general influences. . Those special to the trade are the profound ignorance of the private investor as to what he is doing when he goes shares in a new ship and the natural zeal of brokers - to extend their own business. ? It is contended that the cheapness of iron is only a relative term, and that the commercial tendency is to look to the wrong side of the relation. Its cheap ness is indispensable as compared with the prices of two or three years ago, but the real question is whether will it be dearer or cheaper a short time hence. If it has not touched bottom there will be cheaper iron sold still and cheaper ships built The fall so far has not been considerable. In 1875 the average, cost of new steamers was £17 per ton, and at the present moment it is about £15 — not a great reduction on a manufactured article the raw material for which has declined in the same period from five guineas to 45s. per per ton. It may be objected that it is not shipbuilding alone which affects the value of iron; it suffers from adverse circumstances operative in all parts of the world. It has lost nearly all its outlet in Russia and America, and ere it has reached its lowest point it may have to compete with Russian and American iron in English markets. The iron ships built during the past two years may not turn out to be cheap after all in another two years. But the great question for their owners is the prospect of profitable em ployment. On that again our nautical contemporary speaks despondingly. In the most solid lines, commanding the best of the trade, owners do not expect at present to earn more than G per cent, on their capital, and then they remain liable for future contingencies. It is affirmed that the old rule of making provision for these before dividing profits .has ceased, and that more than one Com pany is now paying the penalty of past neglect to cover future liabilities. In common with, iron itself, iron ships are also being made to face an increase of foreign competition. The British marine has, as was frequently predicted years ago, trained sailors for every other country in Europe, and now foreign countries are firing their own flags in every British port. -It is easy to make too much of this in attributing : it to preventable causes. Continental shipping has naturally de veloped along with Continental trade, but though the competition which has resulted might not have been avoidable, if is none the less severe, and must tell on British shipowners' profits. ;; In respect to the annual additions to the mercantile marine of the country it is denied that any of the leading trades are in a position to admit of new vessel* being put on with a prospect of paying. The Suez Canal trade is confessedly over done. The size of the vessels employed in it has grown even more rapidly than their numbers. It is startling, for instance, to learn that each steamer built for Calcutta and Bombay can carry home 12,000 tons of cargo in course of a year. They are expected to make four voyages out and home, and twenty of them represent a carrying power of about a quarter of a million tons per annum. In the China trade the steamers are fully as large, but they make only three voyages a -year, and of course Onin^ cargoes have to be shared with San Francisco. The Brazil and River Plate route is worked at the rate of five voyages a year by pretty large steamers, which depend chiefly on homeward traftic. Since the South American Re publics exhausted their borrowing powers the outward freights have been unremur nerative, a consequence of the com petition for the little there is to send. The West Coast trade is worse, and retro grading rather than mending. What the regular Atlantic trade is, it is hardly necessary to say ; not much more than half of the regular steamers are running, and the freights they earn are barely: remunerative. Witness how eagerly they have all rushed into the Americau beef trade, building ice-rooms for it at con siderable expense. Canada is in a con-' glomeration of panics^ — railway panics, Bank panics, panics among lumber-men, and panics in the Legislature. There has been plenty of grain to carry during the season, but so little to send out that the course of post between Liverpool and Montreal is nearly as long as it used to be in the days of sailing vessels. The Baltic trade continues profitable but pre carious, as it always has been. The risks attending it are too great for the cautious shipowner, who has to remember in all things that the eye of Mr. Plimsoll may be upon him. , The Mediterranean and Black Sea trade is admitted to be good so far, but its prospects are clouded by political uncertainty. — ; The writer in the Nautical Magazine, demonstrates that every avenue for increased shipping is filled up. Yet the multiplication of ships goes on, and the current year will probably make another permanent addition as large as that of 1875\. This is the lugubrious side of thei case; but it may have a brighter one as well. It speaks for itself, that if trade is only to be resusci tated by cheaper, production, cheap freights must play a no inconsiderable part in the operation. They have helped before to create new foreign trades, and they may again. The importation of American meat into England is an ex periment due more to cheap freights than to anything else. Had the Atlantic liners been in full command of traffic as they were three years ago they would not have taken foreign meat at less than double their present charges, nor would they have bestowed upon it- the. care they are doing. To take a more important example, had it not been for cheap freights elsewhere ' there would not have been such competition as we witness among shipowners in the develop* ment of the Cape route. The so-called shipbuilding panic has its compensations, especially for countries which use sliipa but do not build them. ? -The French Ministerial Crisis. — It appears that the resignation of M. Simon and his colleagues was due to a misunderstanding with the President. Some time since very considerable changes in the direction of liberty were proposed in the Press Laws by the party of the Left These it would seem have been carried by the Chambers to the disgust of Marshal MacMahon, who has all the dread of a thorough-going Imperialist for the removal of any of the restraints from the Press. The resistance of M. Simon to the obnoxious changes was not, it would appear, sufficiently strenuous to please the Marshal, and the former finding accord with the President im possible has resigned. The consequent action of Alarshal MacMahon cannot by any possibility be acceptable to the dominant j-arty. The President must have been in a difficulty where to find a Minister ; but to send for a man like the Due de Broglie, an Orleanist by tradition, and believed to be a Monarchist by con viction, argues a disregard of Radical susceptibilities which at the present time borders on temerity. It will be seen also that he has retained his favourites, the Due Decazesand General Berthaut. But if the selection of the Due de Broglie is an act of rashness, the tone of the President's mes--age shows that he is determined to maintain at all risks his own position and the policy which he represents. If the deluge is to come after him he means to remain President until the end of the Septennate. There is no mistaking the tone of his message; he has the army at his back, and he would evidently prefer a coup d'etat to any close relationship with M. Gambetta and his associate*. The Chambers are adjourned for a month, and their reassembling will be looked forward to with grave anxiety. That the Due de Broglie can long retain office as the Chambers are at present con stituted is impossible. The question is if the Due is forced to resign what will the President do next ? On the answer momentous issues for the future of the1 nation depend. ♦ The California^ Mail and the Eastern Question.— We publish this morning some additional news received via San Francisco. It appears that Mr. Layard, who has been temporarily repre senting England at Constantinople, clearly intimated to the Sultan at the outbreak of the war that he could expect no assis tance from Great Britain. He stated that England had only guaranteed the independence of Turkey so long as the Porte submitted to the control of the Great Powers — a condition which the Sultan has now himself broken. This confirms the view that should the Turks be unsuccessful in the pre sent struggle they will have to make the best terms they can with the Muscovites without hoping for countenance from England. In beginning the. war ths Czar seems to have been anxious to allay all pos-sible suspicion as to his motives. He has intimated through his Ambassadors at the various Courts that he has no intention of addiug to the Russian territories, his sole desire bein« to obtain by energetic measures guarantees for the improvement of the condition of the Christians . It would rather seem that in the event of success he contemplated the enlargement of the frontiers of Rou mania and Servia. He has promised Prince Charles complete independence and a royal title, and may very poas'iblyhave done the same for Prince Milan of Servia. It is reported that the Sultan appealed to the Khedive for troops. This explains a telegram which we published some tune ago with respect tu the doubtful neutrality of Egypt and the threats of Russia to the Khedive. As our readers are aware, the latter has not yet apparently decided what he intends doing. The Turkish fleet is, we learn, in fine con dition, and Hobart Pasha has fifteen ironclads under his command in the Black Sea. A portion of these we pre sume are the vessels that have been engaged in the bombardment of Poti and Sukhum-Kale. The Russian fleet is said to be on its way from America to tho Mediterranean. We should, however, imagine this to be a mere matter of con jecture. Tho telegraph has already informed us that when it left tho Pacific it was under sealed orders, so that its destination could not have been positively known in America a month or moro ago. ? ?♦ The Geltwood Wreckage Cases. — We reprint elsewhere the rejoinder of the Border Watch to our comments upon its previous article on the Geltwood wreckage cases, and also a letter . signed ' Gambier' defending the verdict of tho Jury acquitting T. C. Ellis and the men tried with him. We do this as we are anxious to lay before the public 'every thing that can be said in extenuation of what is viewed in Adelaide as among tho most extraordinary and discreditable pro ceedings that have sullied the annals of justice in the colony. So far from wishing, as is insinuated in one of the articles - quoted from our South-Eastern contem porary, to strain the facts against tho Jury ? and against the peoplo of Mount Gambier, we have been careful not to make a' state ment without the clearest and most trust worthy evidence to justify it. The credit of South Australia in general, as well as of Mount Gambier in particular, is involved in the matter ; and could it be shown that we have written unadvisedly or on insufficient information in condemning in the unqualified terms we have employed 'both the action of the men who brought in a finding of not guilty and tliat of tho people inside and outside of the Court who applauded the verdict, wo should cheerfully retract what we have said, and make a humble apology for allowing ourselves to be misled. There is, bow ever, nothing in what we publish in other columns that throws any material light upon the subject. It is no defence for the Jury to say that there was evidence known to them which did not transpire, for they, are aworn to give a true deliverance according to the evidence. Any reasonable doubt prisoners are of course entitled to, but no Jury is justified in taking a special pleader's view of the evidence set before him iu order either to acquit or convict the prisoner given in charge to it ; and it strikes us that the moBt which can bo said in favour of 'Gambier's' communication is that it is a good specimen of special pleading. It magnifies every point that can tell in favour of the prisoners, and keeps care fully in the background what seems to \is the overwhelming weight of testimony as to their guilt. No doubt there were discrepancies in the evidence ; but so there are in every case in which witnesses do not actually agree beforehand upon every detail of the depositions they intend giving. We only regret that we can soo no cause to modify our first judgment. The Jury evidently took it upon ; them selves to consider the degree of criminality of the prisoners and the amount of punishment that taking all circu instances into account they should have awarded them. In doing this they overstepped their duty, and in showing mercy to tho individual grievously wronged the com munity. Ignorance of the law is not an excuse for crime, and thorefore not a ground of acquittal, although it consti tutes an important element to be taken into account in awarding punish ment. On our contemporary's own showing the Jury instead of dis charging the duty imposed upon them by their oaths, neglected it, and usurped the functions of tho Judge and of the Executive. With regard to the demon stration after the trial, our information! comes from a source upon which we can place every dependence, and was volun teered in confirmation of the view wo had already expressed that the fair famo of Mount Gambier was injured by the result of the trials. It is said that the demon stration by the local brass band took place on Saturday evening, while the comments of the Judge were delivered on 'Monday ; but, as a matter of fact, His Honor let it be clearly known in the course of the trial what effect the evidence had upon his own mind. We do not desire, however, to keep alive a controversy upon this subject, which in every point of view is far from being a pleasing one. All that can be done now is to express a hope that so glaring an instance of the perversion of justice to suit local feeling may never again occur in any part of South Australia. H.M.S. Nimphh. — The Acting-Governor, accompanied by tbe Private Secretary, tlm Aide-de-Oamp, and some ladies, paid a visit to H.MJ3. Nymphe on Monday, May 21. A wpecial train took the party to the Fort, whence they proceeded to the ship by two of her boats. A large number of spectators from the wharf witnessed the usual honours being given to Hin Excellency, but it. was not deemed prudent to fire a salute of guns, lest the accompanying shock might prove injurious to the buildings at ? the Port. Having inspected tbe ship, tbe Acting-Governor, after a stay of over two hours, left the Port for Adelaide at a quarter-post 2 o'clock in the afternoon. There were but few visitors to the vessel during the day. Pabliakentaby. — We understand that tho Hon. R. O. Baker, M.A., and tho Hon. H. Kent Hughes will respectively move and second the adoption of the address to the Governors speech in tbe Legislative Council. Mr. David Murray and Mr. Neville Blyth will undertake similar duties in tbe / ssembly. The VoLnrrKBa Fobcb.-— We have been officially informed that next Thursday's Gazette will notify the appointment of Colonel Bjggs, J.P., as enrolling officer under the Volunteer Act. He will immediately after the publication of the notice make known by advertisement the places and time of his attendance in the various districts already proclaimed to enrol volunteers under the regulations of I860. These regula tions are now in force, and will be republishod in this week's Gazette. Copies in pamphlet form can be obtained at the Staff Office, North-terrace. ConpvL8oRY Ei»)CATioM«~From a minute re ferred to at the meeting of the Education Council on Monday, May 21, it appears that the Council had suggested to the Government the propriety of making North Adelaide a separate school diBtrict and of there enforcing the com pulsory clauses of the Education Act. The Government decline to take any such step until more school accommodation has been provided. The Stbkbt Tbaihc— The traffic in the heart of the city has become bo great that the police authorities have stationed a constable at the junction of King William, Hind ley, and Rundlo streets to prevent too rapid driving round corners. A man has a Ik 0 been specially told off fcr duty in Rundle-sircet to prevent obstruction at the corners, and to see that passengers are not annoyed by larrikins who congregate there. CATHEDRAL of St Pbteb.— On and after Sunday next full choral service will be held every Sunday afternoon in this cathedral. All the sittings will be free. North Adelaidb PfiBSBTTEniAN Church. — On Sunday, May 20, tho Rev. A. Milne Jarvie announced that he is about to sever hi.s connec tion with the Presbyterian Church recently established at the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide. Gles Ohmokb Yolujiteees.— On Saturday last, the 19th instant, the nucleus, numbering 2-1 men, of the proposed Glen Osmond and Mitcham Infantry Company, mA, h/ tho kiud permission of the lion. Thon. Elder, ;,t Birks gate for the purpose of drill. Mr. Percy Dennison, a gentleman who has recently arrived from EDgland, acted oh drill instructor, At the close of practice s meeting was held when it wan decided to have drill every evening during the current week. ^ _, , 