LORD DERBY'S DESPATCH. bince me close or tne session there nave been only two despatches of any note pub lished relating to the Eastern question. One was Lord Derby's ultimatum regard ing the atrocities in .Bulgaria, wnicn, by the way, has had very little effect in bringing to justice the ringleaders of the Bashi-Bazouk infamy. Sir Henry Elliot has been reminded again and again that Achmet Pasha walks about the streets of Stamboul apparently a free and innocen man. It has been asserted by a Times correspondent in the most positive manner that another local Governor, who is com mended in Mr. Baring's report for the courage and devotion with which he pro tected the people in his village, was sum moned to Constantinople, and on refusing to give evidence in favour of. Achmet was deprived of his governorship. The second important communication we have had from the Foreign Office is Lord Derby's despatch to Lord A. Loftus, the British Minister at St. Petersburg, detailing the negotiations for an armistice up to October. His Lordship starts from the middle of August, when the Servian Government intimated their wish for m peace. The latest official correspondence presented to Parliament terminated on the eve of the outbreak of the Servian war. The war caused a suspension of negotia tions, and the Great Powers appear to have agreed on waiting passively for what our Foreign Minister called a declaration of success on either side. In August the Servians had their first fit of despair, and an appeal to the Foreign Consuls was made. Not ten days before Lord Derby had intimated his readiness to entertain such a request. Delay in acting upon it was caused by the isolated policy of Montenegro, whose adhesion was not obtained for several days. Austria also raised obstacles to a collective note, and the Powers communicated therefore with the Porte individually though in identical terms. The proposal made was for an armistice of not less than a month. This was presented by Sir Henry Elliot on the 1st September, and on the 14th the Porte gave, as was to be expected, an evasive reply. It required, with show of reason, that preliminary conditions of peace should first be agreed upon, and that the Powers should pledge themselves for the whole of the insurgents accepting the truce. The conditions suggested have already been published, and are out of date as part of the negotiations. They comprised a reinvestiture of Prince Milan, a inoccupation by the Turks of the ceded fortresses, clisbandment of the Servian militia, the right for Turkey to connect the main line of railway projected from Constantinople to Nisch with a Servian line extending to Belgrade, and, finally, an increase of the Servian tribute in the event of Servia being unable to pay a military indemnity. With the presentation of these condi tions the Turkish Government gave orders to all its military commanders to suspend hostilities within twenty-four hours. Lord Derby, as soon as he had learned that terms of peace were made a condi tion of an armistice, took counsel with the Russian Ambassador as to what might be deemed admissible bases. The des patch implies that it was with the know ledge and approval of the Russian Government the Mowing counter proposal was made to Turkey : — 1\. The status quo, speaking roughly, both as regards Servia and Montenegro. 2\. That the Porte should simultaneously undertake, in a protocol to be signed at Constantinople, with the representatives of the mediating Powers, to grant to Eosnia and Herzegovina a system of local «-r administrative autonomy (by_ which is to be understood a system of local insti tutions) which shall give the population ?seme control over their own local affairs and guarantees against the exercise of arbitrary authority. There i3 to be no question -i the creation of a tributary State. Guarantees of a similar kind to be also provided against maladministra tion in Bulgaria. It has to be rioted about these terms that they formed -the groundwork of all subsequent negotiations up to the date of the Conference at Constantinople. The original draft was arranged with Count Schouvaloff. It was objected to by Austria on the ground of vagueness in the term * ' autonomy,' but her objection was got over by introducing the definition ultimately given— 'local administrative autonomy, by which, is to be understood a system of local institu tions.' The other Powers promptly gave in their adhesion, and the conditions were presented on September 21st, the same day that Lord Beacons field broke out against Servia at Aylesbury. They have been popularly, termed the English conditions; but their genesis, as explained by Lord Derby, shows them to be Anglo Russian. Tliis accounts for the tenacity with which Prince Gortschakoff and General Ignatieff adhered to them up to the critical point of the ultimatum. In a day or two after their presentation the Porte volunteered a week's suspension of hostilities. These abrupt ebullitions of apparent generosity have always had a shrewd motive at bottom. To a belli gerent like Turkey the difference between a formal truce and a suspen sion of hostilities is very material. The former requires to be confirmed by a regular treaty, and to have a fixed unalterable period. In the event of a breach it entails fresh negotiations, and keeps the hands of the belligerents thoroughly tied. But a suspension of hostilities is something unconditional and essentially temporary. It has to be con firnied by no treaty, and to be followed by no demarcation of military boundaries. Should one side break it in the slightest particular the other recovers its free dom. While the armistice is a subject for Governments, a suspension of hostilities leavesvast power in the hands of Generals. Turkey studiously pressed the smaller con cession in order to stave off the greater, and it was inevitable that in the end Russia, seeing as she did through the game, should lose patience. This was the cause of the repeated breaking away of the Russian Go vernment from concert with the other Powers. With every fresh success of the Turkish armies the Russians grew more irritable, and Prince Gortschakoff began 'plunging.' The first suspension of hostilities accepted by Servia terminated on the 12th October, and as Servia had evidently instructions from St. Petersburg not to renew it she refused the offer to that effect made by Turkey. Both armies were again put in motion, and General Tcheraayeff had his usual ill-luck. Mark what followed. It was Russian ultimatum number one, not presented, however, to Turkey, but to the Powers. Under an implied threat of separate interference Prince Gortschakoff proposed a joint military occupation by Russia and Austria, to be accompanied by a naval demonstra tion before Constantinople. Lord Derby's despatch supplies the full text of this memorable proposal, which at the time was thought to have been made to Austria only with a view to detaching her from the other Powers. The charge of bad faith made against its author so far fails that it was openly put forward in the face of Europe. Its motive is well known. It was anxiety for the fate of Servia should Alexinatz fall into the hands of the Turks, as then seemed very probable. The real fall of Alexinatz about a month later prompted in the same way the second Russian ulti matum, presented not to Europe, but to Turkey herself. We have not done, however, with the first which was telegraphed from St. Petersburg hy Prince Gortschakoff to this effect : — 'A regular suspension of hostilities of sufficient length not having been esta blished, and the negotiations for peace having encountered unexpected difficul ties at Constantinople, the contest has been renewed in the Valley of the Morava. The Imperial Government cannot be in different to the bloodshed thus caused, and the Emperor proposes to the guaranteeing Powers that it should be arrested by immediately imposing an armistice or truce of six weeks on both parties, so as to give the mediating Governments time to consider the means of definitively arranging the pending questions.' Lord Derby, of course, . rejected the Occupation scheme, but at once agreed to renew the demand for an armistice ; Turkey rushing to the opposite extreme, though for precisely the same reasons a3 before offered a six months' armistice, which Russia refused. A division arose among the Powers, not unforeseen at Constantinople, Germany and Italy going with Russia and the other Powers with England. When the difficulty of the diplomatic situation and the military crisis in Servia are taken into full con sideration, Russia had in fact a very reasonable excuse for General Ignatieffs mission. ^ ? __ ? Esolish Mail Signals.— 'We believe that the Postmaster- General and Superintendent o£ Telegraphs intends to adopt different signals for denoting the sighting of the English mail from Cape Borda and from the station at Glenelg. When the steamer is seen from Cape Borda the blue and white chequer or rendez vous flag will be hoisted at the Past-Office Tower, and when she is in sight at Glenelg the house nag of the P. & O. Company will be_dis played. Sparc* on IiouonANT Ships.— It will be remembered that some months ago the crew of the immigrant ship Trevelyan broached the cargo of that vessel, and that very discreditable disturbances took place in consequence of the drinking which ensued. The Commissioner of Crown Lands accordingly wrote in October last, instructing the Agent-General that no immi grant vessels should be allowed to carry spirits. This rule is now in force. Mb. Denton.— By the steamer Victorian 3It\ H. I*. Denton, of the Lands Titles D.^m-tment, has, with Miss Denton, returncl to Adelaide after a visit to the old country. I X^KrAtfTTKB ov i thh HEsrsRCS.— ;The pas . MEgcis . fcy this fibe vessel went on board on r Fiklay aituxoon, * January 5, Captain Legoe : Laving determined to weigh anchor and sail at ! oaylight the following morning. The Hesperus ; j vftis lyity at the anchorage off the Semaphore, consequently the passengers, who were accom {anied by a large gathering of friends, had to fce conveyed in a steaintng. On arrival along side the people boarded and partook of slight refreshments, which were provided in the hand some saloon of the noble- ship. After a brief ?stay the usual gootl-byes were, said, and the stcamtng moved off amid three ronnds of cheers. The tug leached Port Adelaide just five minutes too late to enable the town folk to catch the 6.45 train, but through the courtesy of Messrs. Saint atd Calf a special train was laid on, and carried the excursionists to Adelaide an hour arid a half earlier than they would have been conveyed had they been compelled to wait for the next ordinary train. Miss'McMichael. — The many friends of the Eev. J. C. and Mrs. McMichael in South Aus tralia will regret to learn that their only daughter died on the voyage to England in the steamer Glenelg. Mkdical. — Dr. H. Naylor, L.R.C.P., and LJt.CS. of Edinburgh, has arrived in the colony, and intends practising at Glenelg. The Destitute Board.— 'We regret to learn that owing to continued ill-health Mr. T. S. Reed has been compelled to resign his position as Chair man of the Destitute Board. He is at present absent from the colony, having taken a voyage to England last year. Mr. J. M. Solomon, J.P., has been filling the position during his absence Sanitary.— A correspondent complains of the sanitary condition of the east end of the city. He says that on Thursday evening, at a few minutes part 11 o'clock, he was proceeding homewards along Rundle-street, and on reaching the. locality between the Exeter Hotel and East terrace the stench was intolerable. He could only account for this on the supposition that two or three nightcarts had just passed along and had dropped a portion of their contents on the way. He suggests that a liberal use of dis infectants should be compulsory ou the owners of such carts, and also that it would be well if the Sanitary Inspectors looked after them a little better. Glenelq Yacht Club Regatta. — As an nounced in yesterday's iteyisUr, the Regatta of this Club will take place to-day m the Glenelg Roads. All the crack yachts of the Club are competing, so that an exciting contest maybe expected. We hear that the White Cloud will after ail not take part in the race. The course to be taken is about 30 miles, and the two prizes are a silver cup value £30, and £10 in money. Members and their friends who wish to view the Regatta from the steamer Eleanor can obtain tickets from Mr. Mair or Mr. Wigley. Bii-liards. — Mr. Roberts again appeared at the Globe Billiard Saloon on Friday evening. He gave his opponent, a gentleman amateur, the usual 300 points out of 600, and after some very skilful play beatJrim'by 156, the game taking about 50 minutes. Mr. Roberts's principal' breaks were 36, 132, 47, 29, 33, 40, 32, aud an unfinished one of 56. His antagonist's u-ere 10, IS, and 19. He afterwards gave an exhibition of fancy shots. To-day there will be a midday performance for country visitors, when there will no doubt be a good attendance. Rate of Port Adelaide. — The same rate as declared for the previous year was adopted for 1S77 by the Port Corporation. The amount was Is. in the pound for geuer al purposes, 2d. in the pound for public health, and 7d. per foot for watering. The Fire at Dublin. — An inquest was held at the Dublin Hotel on January 4 by Mr. F Diment, J.P., to enquire into the cause of a fire that occurred at Mr. Reid's Dublin Hotel on the morning of Jauuary 2, burning down a stable. It appears from the evidence of several witnesses who were playing skittles by moon light at the hotel on the night in question, and about an hour before the fire broke out, that there were then no signs of fire. The fire was discovered about half-past 1 o'clock on the morning of January 2, and was not extinguished until the stables had been burnt down. Over £200 worth of damage was done. The Jury returned the following verdict: — 'That the stables of Mr. Reid, of the Dublin Hotel, were burnt, but there is no evidence to show how.' Entertainment. — A complimentary concert was given ou Friday evening, January 5, in the Town Hall Exchange Room, to Mr. T. Bray, of the Stow Church Choir, who i3 leaving for England. The programme, which comprised songs, duets, a trio, and a flute solo, was well carried out with the assistance of the Misses Vandepeer, Henson, and Weller, and Messrs. Bray, Sampson, O'Bi ieu, Jones, C. Sparks, and Felstead. Dredging at Port Adelaide. — In anticipa tion of the passing of the Public Purposes Loan Bill the Treasurer forwarded to the Agent General in October last full instructions and specifications for the construction of another large dredger for Port Adelaide, and a telegram has lately been received stating that tenders have been invited for the work. The new dredger will be accom panied by two hopper barges, which can convey the silt either to the land or out to sea, the differeuce between the vessel which is yet to be built and the Willunga, which is now in Port Adelaide, being that .the former will be able to remain at one spot constantly doing her work, the barges relieving her of the necessity of carrying away the silt raised. By this arrange ment great economy of time, and consequently of expense, will be secured. We understand that the Willunga will begin work at the outer bar on Thursday next. The Governor Musgrave, steamer, will take a number of visitors to the site of operations, and the working of the dredger will be shown to them. A luncheon will be given by the Treasurer on the occasion. We are informed that the Willunga is not only the largest dredger in the'Australasiau Colonies, but the largest that has been built in the United Kingdom. The Western Australian Telegraph. — A correspondent of the Freinantle Herald (Western Australia), writing from Eucla on October 28, says: — 'Harvey has arrived, but experienced great difficulty in getting through. He had to shoot one of his horses. Had . he started from Point Culver he would have lost all his horses ; as it was he was only saved by a fortunate shower of rain. Messrs. Price aud Maurice .suuk 167 feet at the head of the Bight for water, but it was not fit for use. The survey party from South Australia with 14 horses and seven men had to push through to the water at Eucla. They left two wagons on the road— oue at 70 miles from Eucla and another 20 miles. It is to the credit of the W.A. Government that it was careful to secure a supply of good water at Eucla. It badly wauts another trial for water at the back country. Such an undertaking is too much for a private person, but the Government might do it; for if water was found the country around Eucla would be second to none for sheep.' Suhtets in Western Australia. — Mr. John Forrest ( says the Perth Inquirer of December 27) has recently returned fram his survey ex pedition to the east of Champion Bay, after an absence of four months. The parties have carried out successfully all that was anticipated, aud have completed a good triangulation of all the settled country between Champion Bay aud longitude 118°, the furthest trig, station being in the Weld Range, which is beyond present settlement. The triangulation covers all the traverse work done in 1S73, and also all done this year. There is now a complete con nection by triangulation between Perth, Cham pion Bay, and the Weld Range, and from it can be calculated the latitude and longitude of every trig, station. This is a great step towards a really correct map of our colony; and, if the same progress continues, we may hope to see the whole of the settled portions of Western Aus tralia covered by a scientific triangulation. Many springs and starting-points have been fixed, and the Murchison and Sanford Rivers traversed. The weather had not been very hot, and water and feed not so scarce as miglic have been erpected. Children's Hospital.— la our report of the amateur dramatic entertainment given in White's Rooms ou Thursday eveniug in behalf of the funds of the Children's Hospital, we in advertently omitted to particularize' the acting of -Mr. C. Warren, who represented th-j Ghost iu the scenes from ' Runlet.' We are the more sorry for this because Mr. AVarren's enunciation vtps almost perfect, his voicn was clear, h is ;itti tudts excellent: and, indeed, his whole portrayal of the character w.is as good as we have wit nessed for many years past in Adelaide.1 . Thu Midsummer Races. — The settling over the Midsummer Meeting took place on Friday, January 5, when Mr. C. J. Coates paid over the following amounts to the winners of stakes : — Maidens— The Hon. T. Elder's hi. Jaito, £80; Mr. J. Pile's colt by Talk o- the Hill, from Loadstone, late Regalia, £5. Selling Hurdles — Mr. AylinVs big. Howard, £70. Sapling Stakes —The Hon. T. Elder's Irish Queen, £125; Mr. J. Piles bS. Queen of the Hills, £10. Grand Stand Plate— Mr. H. Trew's br.c. Forerunner, £115. New Year's Giffr-Mr. T. Jackson's rn.f . The Nightingale, £146; Mr. J. Hill's b.g. Vain Hope, £19. Selling Race — Messrs. Robertson Bro8.'ch:c. Moonlight, £66; Mr. T. O'Leary's b.m. Edith, £4. v V. Thh Recent Cricket Match in Melboubns. — In another column we publish a second letter from the pen of our Special Correspondent, re viewing some of the most interesting features of the late cricket match between the All England Eleven and the Victorian Fifteen. Despite numerous reports afloat as to the Englishmen 'selling the match,' &c;, our cor respondent gives it as bis decided opinion that ' the Eleven played a square honest game, and did their utmost to win.' Haile3 v. White. — In reference to the judg ment of the Supreme Court in this cause the opinion of Mr. John C. Day, Q.C., and Mr. H. B. T. Strangways, formerly of this colony, has been obtained and received by the English mail just arrived. It is as follows : — ' We have con sidered the judgment of the Supreme Court of South Australia in this matter, and are of opinion that the regulations of the 24th De cember, 1872, are within the provisions of the Miscellaneous Leases Act of 1872, and that the transaction between the Government and Hay is as set forth in the papers sent within the authority of the said Act and regulations. We are also of opinion that the Frauds at Waste Lands Sale Act extends to all auctions of waste lands which the Government have authority to hold, and that the sale of this lease by advances on an upset rent was a sale of land within the meaning of that Act, and that the transaction between Hay and White is in fraud of the Act. We therefore consider that the judgment of the Supreme Court is erroneous.— John C. Day, Q.U., H. B. T. Strangwats, Temple, November 10, 1S7G.' Documents above referred to: — 1, advertisment of sale; 2, print of Act No. 5 of 1857 ; 3, do. do. No. 11 of 1868-9; 4, do. do. No. 12 of 1SUS-9: 5, do. -lo. No. 31 of 1872^ind regu lations in pursuance thereof; 6, copy pleadings; 7, newspaper report of trial ; 8, copy rule nisi ; 9, minutes of argument of rule nisi (? shorthand writer's notes); 10, newspaper report of argu ment of rule «/.«': 11, do. do. of- decision of rule nisi; 12, do. do. of judgments given by Supreme Court in Banco. OvETXEOWDiNG Steamer?. — The Port Cor poration had their attention called to a case of one of the steamers being overcrowded on New Year's Day. It was stated that the Marine Board had power to prevent such a thing, and it was suggested tliat they should send some one to examine the steamers before they left the wharfs. The Cable Conference. — We understand that the Government have not yet received a reply from the Sydney Government to their request tliat the Intercolonial Conference should be opened a few days later than was suggested. The delay is probably owing to the fact tiuit the Premier, Mr, Robertson, with the Minister of Works, is absent on a visit to the Western District of New South Wales. It is probable that he will be iu Sydney again at the beginning of next week. A strong reason for the postponement of the Conference, even for a longer time thau lias been requested, is the fact that Mr. E. C. Cracknell, the Superintendent of the New South Wales Telegraphs, is at present away from the colony. He has been on a visit to Europe, and is understood to have been in communication with the officials of the Cable Companies, so that he is likely to be able to give some valuable information and suggestions to the Conference. He is expected to return to Australia by the next Suez mail. Flagstaff for Port Adelaide.— The Hon the Treasurer has written to the Port Corpora tion stating /that the Government would place upon the Estimates, for 1877 a sufficient sum for erecting a flagstaff at the Port. Accident. — A boy named Thomas Bryant was admitted into the Adelaide Hospital on Thursday, January 4, suffering from a severe wound in the face, caused by his being kicked in the mouth by a horse while thriving it into Mr.' Sanderson's stables, Grenfell-street, on January 4. Western Australian Crops. ? The season has been a most unusual one (writes the Perth Impiirtr, on December 27th). Strong north west gales and heavy showers took the place of the genial sunshine of November, and we were well into December before we could thoroughly realize that summer had arrived. In many dis tricts hay stacking has barely terminated, while to the great uncertainty of tho weather is ascribed great losses in this article in the prin cipal hay-producing localities. Barley harvesting has terminated, and shows a very fair average. The wheat crop, in a word, is good — heavier in deed than was expected; and for this state of things we have cause to be thankful. The latter rains were never known to be of so much ser vice. We hear no complaints of scarcity of water for stock, although no doubt the necessity for a greater supply is felt inland. The heavy rains at the beginning of the present mouth, which were very general, will at auy rate have ren dered the old pasturage more succulent, and therefore in some measure reduced the need that would otherwise have existed for re plenished supplies. The fruit crop is very back ward, but the sbow of all kinds, except figs, is very good. A blight has, however, appeared in one or 'two vineyards on the Swan — the disease having assumed a character totally unknown to our most experienced wine- growers. Muscatel and Wortley Hall sorts are those chiefly affected, and there is some anxiety manifested as to tht result. The London Stock Market. — The financial letter of the Agent-General in London, received by the Treasurer by the last mail, shows that South Australian bonds are still improving in the Tondou market. Mr. Dutton, writing just before the mail left, says that the Bank rate .still continued at the low rate of 2 per cent., but that in the open market good bills could be discounted at 1 per cent. For many weeks gold had been steadily withdrawn from the Bank of England and .seat to the Continent, the amount reaching from five to six millions. These large withdrawals had not, however, up to the time of the departure of the mail, iu any way affected the rate of discount, although no doubt a con tinuous outflow would do so. At the date of the letter, ' everything,' to use Mr. Duttou's words, ' spoke of financial ease if uot of actual plethora.' During the month of November two large loans were placed in the market. Oae was a Norwegian loau of £1,320,000 at 4^ per cent., which went off at £96 10s. The' other was a Cauadiaii loan of two aud a half millions at 4 ler cent., which was disposed of at £91. The payments, however, were to be spread over t-iyht months, thus reducing the price to £90, or a little below. In neither of these cases were tenders invited, but the stock was taken up by open subscription. There had beeu a constant falling iu the foreigu stock market owing to the jditical complications iu Eistern Europe. Iu Colonial bonds, however, prices had tended up wards. New South Wales, Mr. Duttou says, occupied the post of honour, her 4 per cents being at £99 10s — .the position which Victoria occupied before the recent issue of her three million loan. South Australia came next, her 4 per cents being worth £9S, while Victorian bonds bearing the same interest were quoted at from £97 10s. to £97 15s. This increase in the value of our stock is the more gratifying when it is known that the London papers had culled from the Adelaide journals the informatiou tliat new loans ex ceeding two and a half millions were pro jected by this colony. Up to the time that the mail left this announce ment had not had the' slightest pre judicial effect upon the retail market prices. The Agent-General encloses Mr. Westgarth's circular of November 24, which gives with one or two fractional differences the same quota tions as those given by Mr. Dutton, with the addition of the comparative tables which he regularly publishes. The circular quotes South Australian 4 per cents on November 24 last at . from £97 10s. to £98. On the 27th of the previous month they were worth from £96 to £97, while six months before the departure of the mail they were only valued at from £34 10s. to £95 10s. Mr. Westgarth refers to the rise in New South Wales bonds to £99-100— a price not previously obtained — although reached by Victorian 4 per cents before the issue of the three-million lonn — as being the chief feature of the month. The figures wo have given show tint £outh Australia as well is to be congratu lated at the position her stock his taken in th? chief market of tho world. ExPEsncEKTAi. Faexs. — We uxuierstaud that the Minister of Agriculture and Kdncation has received some hundreds of applications for tho position of Overseer on the experimental farms to be established in the Sonth-Eastern drainage district and in the North-East. It is intended, we learn, to pay the overseers £3 a week, to provide each of them with a small cottage, to grant rations for two persons, and to give a per centage on the profits when the farms begin to be remunerative. It is not proposed-at present to establish Agricultural Colleges, but Mr. 'Ward intends acting on a suggestion made by the Rev. Canon Farr — to allow youths from any of the schools to spend a term upon the farms, where they -will be initiated into the processes of agriculture. They will not, of course, be paid salaries, but will receive board and lodging for the work which they will be expected to do. Received. — The Border Post almanac for 1877, and a pamphlet published in Melbourne, 'How to Learn the Morse Alphabet (tele graphic) in Half an Hour.' The Leadership of the Opposition w New Sotjth Wales. — The Sydney Morning Herald publishes the following circular, addressed by Mr. Henry Parkes to a member of the Opposi tion in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly: — 'Sir — Soon after my retirement from office in the beginning of last year, I inti mated to several members of the Opposition my unwillingness to assume any position in the Legislative Assembly which would entail upon me special labours and responsibilities. Since then, however, I have been led to take a part which has insensibly merged into that of nominal leadership. I have never felt satisfied with this position; and several instances that have occurred, to which I do not wish to make any further allusion, combined with personal considerations, of which every man must be his own judge, have induced me to enquire whether, in justice to my political friends and myself, it is my duty to continue to occupy it. A very little examination of the case convinces me that the duties of leadership at the present time require, for their satisfactory performance abilities and qualifications which I do not possess, aud must necessarily impose personal sacrifices and an amount of continuous labour for which I am not prepared. I liave there fore decided, after the reassembling of Parlia ment, to limit my political obligations to the discharge of my duties as an individual member. I address this letter to you as a member opposed to the existing Administra tion, in order that steps may be taken during the Christmas adjouinmeut to make such arrangements as may be satisfactory to the Opposition generally for the conduct of their proceedings in the House.' In a Dangerous Position. — A serious acci dent nearly occurred at the' railway station immediately after the arrival of the Melbourne train at Castlemaine on Saturday evening. . The greaser, a man. named Fyffe, went round the train as usual testing the wheels. On reaching the break-carriage he found, (says the Mount Alexander Mail) that the block required raising; and with this view went underneath and unscrewed the various parts to effect the altera tion. While so engaged the passengers had alighted, and others taken their places. The guard, not knowing about Fyffe being under neath, gave his signal, and the train moved away at a rapid rate. Great was the excitement when Fyffe was seen lying under it. A cry was at once raised, aud signals made to stop the train. The engine-driver of the Maryborough engine whistled the alarm to put down breaks, and the gateman at the level crossing, having noticed the people running and the excitement, raised the danger signal. This had the desired effect ; the train was stopped, and then backed to the station,- where in a few minutes the break block was put right, and the journey resumed. Fyffe had a narrow escape. On finding the train moving, he, with great presence of mind, lay still between the rails, and thus escaped injury. Spending Christmas Day under Difficulties. — An extensive bush fire occurred at Ringa rooma, Tasmania, on Christmas Day. The Hobart Town Mercury says that Mr. W. Bealey, manager of the Albert Company, in the course of a leter dated December 26, writes: — 'We spent a fearful Christinas Day. The trees all around us were in flames. We could get no water; all communication was cut off except one narrow track, and the smoke was so dense we could not have found our way through it. The men worked bravely, and stuck to it well. At one time we were literally surrounded by the fire, and had to lie down on the ground to get a mouthful of air. The flames came to within a few yards of the hut, which was so hot we could hardly touch the boards, and the trees were falling on all sides of us. Twelve or fourteen fell within a very short distance, and all were wrapped in flames. The fire got under the lower hut, and we had to take down one of the bunks to put it out. A tree fell across the boxes in the creek, and broke all the leading ones, but we managed to save the others. The company have sustained very litlte loss, but it was ten thousand to one that the fire did not make clean sweep of everything. The tracks and the face on the works are all filled up with fallen trees, and you rnay judge what the place looks like, when a miner who knows the claim well called in and asked his way to the Albert. It was very grand, but not particularly pleasant, to see scores of trees alight all around you, and you in the centre waiting for the next tree to fall, and wondering whether it will give you your death- blow.' New Zealand Scenery, on Canvas. — 'M von Guerard has just completed a large picture upon which he has been engaged for the last six months. It is the first fruits,' remarks the' Argus, 'of his visit to New Zealand, and is a .representation of the magnificent scenery of Milford Sound, the grandeur and loveliness of which are pronounced to be unique even by those who are familiar with the fiords of Nor way, with the wonders of the Yellowstone region, with the canons of the Colorado, and with the imposing features of the Valley of the Yosemite. The artist has selected for his point of view a delta at the head of the inlet, formed by the diluvium of two rivers which empty themselves into it. Consequently, the winding gorge by which the Sound is entered faces the spectator. Thus he is enabled to embrace in one view some of the noblest elements iu the grand and impressive landscape, including the Mitre Mountain, the Stirling FalLs, Pembroke Peak, which rises to the height of 6,710 feet, and holds a glacier in its rigid embrace, and the Bowen Falls, the largest of the cataracts which leap from those massive mountain-walls into the beautiful sheet of water beneath, which_ i* so placid that everything above is mirrored with startling distinctness on its tranquil surface. All the surroundings of the inlet are on such a scale of Titanic magnitude, and at the same time so harmonious in the proportion which each monstrous mass of granite and each cas cade bears to every other, that it is only when you look at the steamer, floating like a child's toy at the foot of one of the * awful cliffs,' that you begin to comprehend the vastness of the dimensions which every natural object assumes in this weird and yet exquisitely lovely region. M. von Guerard set himself a difficult task when he attacked so important a subject, but no one who sees the picture will dispute tliat he has achieved a success. We have read and listened to many descriptions of Milford Sound, and have seen some admirable water-colour drawings by Mr. Gully and others of special details, but this is the first time we have been enable! to comprehend it as a whole.' [From yesterday's Eceniiir/ Journal.] The Assistant Engineer. — The passenger list of the Claud Hamilton contains the name of Mr. R. C. Patterson, who has returned to the colony after several mouths' leave of absence. The New Railway Traffic Manager. — Ihe Bangalore brought to the colony Mr. A. G. Pendleton, the recently-appointed traffic manager on the lines of railway under the care of the Government. The Late Mrs. Yeo. — Several flags at Port Adelaide were half-masted on Friday, January 5, out of respect for the late Mrs. Elizabeth Yeo, who died at Fullarton on the previous day after a short illness. The deceased was the wife of Mr. Isaac Yeo, formerly of Torrens Island, and a colonist of 30 years. One of her daughters is married to Captain Crocker, of the steamer Flinders. The Victorian. — A notice in our shipping column intimates that the Victorian, the sister ship to the South Australian, has arrived under the charge of Captain McCoy. 