SERVICES IN" THE MASONIC HALL. (2*0 (Jie. Editor of* the Bf.ndino Atiiw.rfLsv»\\\ Sir,—Iii the interests of humanity and to save the. limbs' of hundreds of worshippers who attend the Masonic Hall sorvices oil Sunday nights, I wish to point out to the proper authorities the grave responsibility they take on themselves in permitting a congregation of about a thousand people to grope their way out iis best they may down long flights of stone stairs and then thrbugh the breakneck intri casies of the pillared portico in front, in absolute darkness, as has been tho case to-night and on several previous Sunday nights. The trustees of the YVesleyan Church have been spoken to on the subject, but they say they have no control over tho lighting arrangements of the hall. This night the lights of the hall were turned off before a fourth of the assembly bad left the precincts of the building, and with four or five lamps in the portico, not one was lighted. This is simply monstr.ius. I hope the matter will be at once rectified, othorwise Mr. Strickland's professional sendees will be in request some Monday morniner. 12th August, 1877. WORSHIPPER. Violent Stohm in Mklbourxe.—A storm of considerable violence passed over Melbourne am) suburbs ou Tuesday (states the Ayr.). As far as is known no serious accidents happened, al though considerable damage was done. At North Fitzroy a coachhouse was unroofed, aiul threo new wooden outhouses, which were erectcd behind some shops in Brunswick-street, to bo used for storage purposes, were razed to the ground. On the I'lciiuy-road a poition of the contents of a timber yard was blown across the road. Accounts also come from Coburg detail ing the severity of the storm. A chimney in ihe course of erection in 13ell-strect was blown down, as well as the scaffolding, and the builder, ■who was upou it at the time. The man was not luirt. Spouting from off the houses was blown about in all directions. Children proceeding to school had to cling ou to the fences to prevent themselves from being capsized. Two warders doing duty at the Pcntridge Stockade upon a raised platform had a very narrow escape. They had juat vacated the sentry-box which was upon the platform, when the whole structure was earned some distanco away by the force of the wind. A portion of the galvanised iron roofing on one of the sheds at the Eastern Market, situate at the south end of Stephen-street, was torn completely off, and at a distance of eighty yards deposited itself in the street. In the Bay and at the Heads the gale was felt severely. Playing at Ghost.—We (Jfart/borough Standard) should have thought that the silly practice of " playing at ghost " would leng ere this have been discarded. Such is, however, not the case. On Saturday evening a daughter of Mr. Jone8, of the locomotive department, in company with a female friend was about to visit the business part of the town, and had scarcely left the premises, when a frightful shriek startled the inmates of the house. Mr. Jones accom panied by the Ecv. K. Allen, rushed outside to ascertain tho cause, and thore found the two young ladies in a nervous state of excitement, utterly unable to give the least explanation. <Just then, Mr. Allen observed a tall figure in white hovering about the railway yard, and he called Mr. Jonos' attention to it; Both of them gave chase, and certainly would have overtaken it, had not the ghost thrown off the sheet, thus enabling it to make good its escape. And well for the fool's hide that it was so, otherwise Mr. Jones would certainly have given him cause to vividly remember that night for many a long day to come. The effect oi the fright upon Miss Jones is likely to be of a permanent character, at all events it will be some time before her nervous system regain-? its vigor. Earthquakk.—The Jlorilal'e Despatch of 11th 'August writes :—A sharp and distinct shock of earthquake was experienced in this neighbor hood at twenty minutes past seven last evening, ihe wave appeared to travel from a southerly direction towards the north.. In the Mechanics' Hall, a stone building, the lamps and forms were shaken, and in several dwelling-houses the oscillation was so distinetas to create not a little amazement. The shook lastedsever.il seconds. •Official War Telegrams.—For tho future ail tho Agent-General's telegrams referring to tiie war are to be Beat to every telegraph-station m the eolony, to be posted outside for tho infor mation of tho public. . 