TO WIST TALK! l/ ' The Spring Show in connection, witli the Geelong. and.Western District Agricultural and Horticultural Society -will be opened to-' day. ' Sheep, machinery, impleinenia, •-and carriages are to be judged, the'remaining ex hibits, of course, being judged on the second day of the Show. In each of these depart- , ments the entries have been slightly in ex cess of the number received last year, and a good exhibition may be expected. On each day of the show the public will be admitted at noon on the payment of half-a-crown, but after one'o'clock the charge of admission is only one shilling. As notified by us yester day, the yards have been put in thorough order for the convenience and comfort of exhibitors and visitors. The principal day for seeing the exhibition in all its beauty is, of course, the second (to-morrow), when the variety of exhibits will furnish much to in terest all sections of the community. " Fri day will be observed as a half-holiday, and a large attendance of the public may be ex pected. Fine weather is hoped for, in order to make the Show a success. One of the attractions of the exhibition will be a me chamcal contrivance known as the " Black-, smith's Dream," which, is said to: be; a wonderful piece of skill on the part of the inventor. We understand that so extravagant a use , .been made within the last few.. \- days, that the quantity in the Lovely Banks reservoir has been reduced from 17ft. 4in. to lift. Should this rate of consumption be continued, it will become practically impose, sible to maintain- the supply,:because the capacity of the -pipes will'-be exceeded, to : say . nothing of the. - difficulty«. of liming' a sufficient . quantity of .water •in.its passage from.the Anakies reservoir to the Lovely' Banks.1 It.-.'will :be 'under stood how great has been the demand when we say that additional- assistance has' .bad to .be sent..'to fhe latter reservoir/ for the, purpose of purifying a larger quantity. It would appear that many persons irrigate their-gardens, though not taking the water by meter;/and! should the practice 'not lis discontinued,* it' may become necessa'rv to cutoff the supply to offenders,, shouldthis /iptimation h'ot1 sufficed • " ' b'- a h;.' <f . another; column will "be fonml a report of the' business transacted at the' Colac Land,Board, held,yesterday, at the Court-7 house, Colac. The township was filled with strangers, attracted, there" by the thirst for >nd .in the district. --.The Courthouse was thronged 'throughout'the day, W the Board sat from..10 a.Tn. until 5 p.m. in -pushing/ through' the business. - Theffind, a portion formerly enclosed in the Cape.Otway' State" .Foipt, and whichluis]ust been thrown open; for selection, caused a great dealof bother,and ajmass of.evidence was taken.' i Many of the selectors applied for the same land, and. this 8a'*!B.no 4nd.°f ttonblo,'j Imfc in making .their •recommendation's, the members* of the Board were mainly guided by the ties that bonnd the applicants to the country: - In each case, thej decisions appeared; to give satisfaction^ although, of conree, <many persons had to be disappointed. ■ .There is such a rash for land id theforest that it would be difficult to estimate the; area that would be selected if more of the; forest Jands -were.thrown open for'selec . tion. Some amusement was occasionedby a •dispute between- Messrs -E. Milne and A.. .M'Naughton.' 'Both were anxious tot get land ; tliey applied for the same allotment:! Milne was perfectly willing to divide, but , M*Nangliton scouted the idea, half a loaf, be said, not being good, enough for him. .The land was, of course, .immediately recom gnended to .the more contented selector. . We notified the other day that cheap overland fares between Sydney and Mel bourne had been' arraDged'for 'daring the Melbourne race meeting. According to in formation to hand, .the return, fare - rioht through-.lvvfll.he i£10.. Of this,sum £2 -10s -will be paid to tiie New Sonth Wales rail way authorities, and £1.10s.to-this Vic ,torian Railway Department, £G being paid •to; Cobb, and Co., who arrange for. the con veyance' 'of 'the1 excursionists', by coach be tween the ends of the two lines of railways.. So as to prevent disappointment," Oobb'and Co.,; in Sydney, will issue the tickets, in order that proper coaeii accommodation may be provided. v The tickets are made avail able for return up to the :13th November. ■ s 4 After idi; the kicks and; cuffs which the late Tovvn Clerk of Geelorig West lias re ceived, it is wither refreshing to find that the .Government and local auditor; who ex amined his accounts recently, speak very weU of the manner in which they, were kept Mr Nettle, the present Town Clerk, stated last night at the Council meeting that he felt indebted to Mr flopton for the assistance he had rendered him vvben -entering upon his duties, and that he seemed exceedingly anxious to aflford him (Mr,Nettle) every m fohnatiori. , ' * *V~ A deputation from the Town Council waited upon the' Commissioner of Public Works' yraterday, and requested him to grant ' permission to have the streets of the town watered from the fire-plugs. Mr Pat terson promised to grant the privilege for another twelve months, provided: tbat-.tbe consumer? did not suffer.: The want of the water was; severely felt by those who were compelled, to vyalk the streets yesterday. Some persons have a queer way of endea voring to get* what their hearts evidently covet, and, yesterday, when some of the'in hahitants of Birregurra wanted :to "get land reserved for a Common, there arose' unex pected opposition "on the part of a land holder named Jariira; Nbrth'. ' The' objection •to the' Common being' Recommended ' was that: the land . had no grass on it, applied . for , being swampy.' For. the moment, the members of Ihe Land Board we're puzzled to know what to 'do." A close-exammation',. however, showed how matters'were working: . It was . proved that North occupied the adjoining land to that applied fog-as a Common, and that he occa : the privilege jof..grazing'»70 sheep on ; the..! 'f swampyground.11 The : Board decided to. recommend that the' 200 acres: should he reserved as a Common'at' Birregurra.;- . ' /. v^n ac?-ffien': happened on 'Tuesday even ing,; between-'five and six o'clock, to.Mri '®.®°: pope's, carnage.' .'MraHope, child,' and governess, accompanied by Mra" and" Miss : Goodman; were;, being driven to Mr'Hope's residence,--atDarriwil,. and-when fonr miles' .from 'there,. one of the hind wheels of the' ; vehicle, slipped off the axle; letting the body, 'of the.carri^ge. dqwn. ..Tire ladies were a" , ) frightened,ahd quickly got out of I the sustaining any injury: i,.,; , -. On .the occasion of the celebration ■ of the -opening-of-the Railway line to Hamilton, which takes place' on Friday ""next,'" the special wilMeave Geelong at 7.55 a. in ar-' riving at Hamilton at 2.17 p.m. On the rei tprxv journeyV'the traffi for Geelong "ind" Melbourne will leave ,Hamilton, at C p m arriving in Geelong at 12.15 • -Ahmit. -41,00 passes have been issued by the Govern-' menk • 'Independent of.the train mentioned, specials will leave Ballarat and Ararat.'' , ! .. Every localg^vefmn^ body seems to have .a ghost. - The Geelong-^yestBorough Council ■ feas one.'. Scarcely a meeting passra without tho?e ; water/holes on the: north" 'sidb if . Aberdeen-street forcing themselves on the attentaon ,:of.v the .councillors. - 'Eirist ■ one .ratepayerUwiites - to : the'/Council o'nthe ^^.^nofter^foUows snit, r'6r ! per haps a connciUor'.,brings 1-the- matter-for ward jwithra;: view 'ofhaving ■ something done, to wards bUingup''these eyesore! Ggmcti,. |?weyer, fs .almost powerless f in.the matter, inasmuch as the holes are in -FRY#? .PIPPerty. Last evening a complaint' .,-was.read from- the head • master of the New! town.State School/ who stated that several of Ins young ideas had fallen into these re-' ,ceptacles of ,aU the filth in the neighborhood. The Chairman of last night's meeting 0^17' ..explained to the Council what the holes were like,/ and enumerated the number of- dead animals he had seen in them, and it was decided to take steps to endeavor to compel the owners :of the land, which -is next to .worthless, to remedy the nuisance.1 : -.Cable communication with Tasmdnia 'i, now restored. Excessive merriment was occasioned at the sitting of the Laud Board at Colac ves terday Two brothers/named Thbmis Dire' and Jolm Dear, applied for land,-and on presenting themselves before the Board the difference in the. way th£;3 were .spelt was pointed out. The' bro them are hot-l^aded 'sons of the Ero;e ruld Isle and admitted that their edu cation had been neglected when they were young. The Board wanted to alter1 the , spelling, hut Thomas objected, as his father ivroto his name "Dare," and he would not dare to spoil the orthography, whilst John scouteil the idea of that, and produced let ters.to show that his.father spelf his name br°thcrs C0Qldn°t bepereuaded that there was an error somewhere/ and, amidst roars of: laughter, the Board decided to let the brothers enjoy different names, so long as. they v^ere contented. When the two .were calledjjas Dear brothers,- Thomas' voice conld be heard in reproof telling the crier to Dare them ill future. " " The Geelong West Borough Council, by advertisement in another' column, invites applications to be sent in for the position of •Surveyor to ■ the Borough. -■ The •' Council wishes it to be understood.that this adver tisement is- inserted simpiy to comply with the provisions of the Local Government Act, ..which compels the adoption of this course before "the 'appointment of an officer!,; Mr Nettle, the Town Clerk of. the Borough, has, however,-: been virtually appointed to the position, so that it will be useless for anyone' to apply for it. Mr Nettle, it is understood, will receive the: dual' appointment of Town ,Clerk~ and • Town Surveyor, at a salary of £275 per annum. ■ . , I, sThero was very little business-on the charge sheet or cause list at the Police Court yesterday, morning. J. F. Le Sueur was fined os, with os costs, for. furious riding, at •the instance of Constable Molloy, who stated that the defendant rode up Moorabool-strect at a! gallop "on the 17th insL Mary Leitch. summoned her. husband," James Leitch,' who didnot appear, to show cause why he should not] contribute to her support. . She stated -that he had'soldhis lionse and furniture, land 'turned her out in' the street. . Since then, she] informed the.; Bench,she .'had. been living with her neighbors. - A warrant was .ordered to be'issnccf, without delay, for the maf'? arrest. Ah extension of a publican's license to the Show Gronnds, for Thursday and Friday J next,' was granted . to Charles Greenwood. The magistrates on-.the. Bench* were Mr Panton, P.M., and. Messrs Conves and Reeves, Js.P. s. - ; We are glad to learn that Mr J. G. Fran cis continuesto improve in health. ' Ho is "now able to take carriage exercise. :. The ship Ben Cruachan was towed to sea yesterday by the steam-tug Rescue. , The Artillery Baud discoursed enlivening music in,the Markct.sqnare, Gardens last evening,-to the evident delight of a large number of promeuaders. , The first of two entertainments by the Royal Alfred Star-Company will be given ir the j Mechanics' Institute this evening, A good programme of songs, etc., has beer prepared for presentation, and visitors tc theitown to see the Spring - Exhibition wil find, amusement provided for them in th( .by the Star Company. , .'7 : An interesting lecture to agriculturist! will lie deli vered in the hall j of, the Free Library, this evening, by'Mrlt. W. Emcreor M'Xvor, lecturer on Agricultural Chemistry. The subject of, the. lecture is, 'fJBow Crop: Grow," and.it'will. be illustrated ; with ex periments. There should he a large attend ance on the occasion. - ' The monthly meeting of the" Geelong Lodge of TJiiity and Prudence, 545 E.C., wil be held this evening, 'at the Masonic Hall, ai half-past seven o'clock. We have been requested to state that tin collections at the M'Killnp-street .Indepen dent Church in aid of the Hospital Snndaj Fund amounted to £S 12s, not £7 17s, as previously "notified. The amount deposited in the box placed on board the S.S. Despatcl was ,6s Sd. The Coppin testimonial fund in Melbourne has reached 150 guineas. ; Mr Bowler's horses, Waterforid, Killarney, and Melita,- arrived at Albury oh Tuesday, en route,for Melbourne. . The fund initiated by the friends of Mi Dnnsan Gillies, for the purpose of defraying bis expenses in the, ensuing Rodney election contest, now. amounts to £500. 'The Brighton Council want permission tc constructji tramway connecting that suburb with the Gippsland line. Mr Bent asked or Tuesday night if the Government would agree to ah amendment of the Local Govern ment Act, giving the. requisite authority tc local bodies. Mr Patterson thought the power should be given, but a separate Bill ■should.be provided, and it was too late to introduce one this session: ; The following gentlemen were appointed by the Legislative Council a Committee to draw up its reasons for- insisting upon its amendments in. the Railway Con struction Bill, viz.:—the President, Dr. Dob son, and Messrs Highett, Sargood, and An. derson. The Committee met yesterday and drew np their report, which will'be found summarised in ourParliamentary intelligence. A child , nineteen months old fell into a tub . of water at its parents'; residence at Brunswiek-'on Tuesday morning, during its mother's. ..temporary absence, and was drowned. . • -. - \- Mr J. Pilletier, a saloon'passenger by the steamer Yon Yangs, from Sydney, ' was missed-, from his berth at; half- past five u.m. on Tuesday, a short distance the other side "of Capo Schanck. ; A rigorous search was at- once' instituted all over the vessel,, bnt no trace of the missing "man was discovered. It is conjectured that he must have \ got up ,dnring the. night and jumped overboard. " No cause can be assigned for the rash'act.:. ' - . ' \- The Commissioner "-of Railways, has re ceived a communication from the hon. John Rae, Minister of Railways in New South Wales, in. which that' gentleman expresses k?®: willingness to issue free passes to the Grammar School boys from Melbourne who are aboutto play.a- cricket match with hoys attending the Grammar Schools Sydney, so 'that they might visit Bathurst Caves. . . "'" M'Culloch, Campbell, .and-Co., of h. bohrne, have sold, on acconnt of Mr El ingham, Ballarat, two; of - his recently ported Clydesdale. entires, ex Dnrham, v Paisley,- to, Mr Jno.: Steel,. Newbridge, • S00 guineas ; -'and !Snpcrior, to Mr M Hodge, Grcenhills, Kyneton, for guineas.• -. • The amounts so - far collected in the i tropolis*and suburbs for. Hospital Satuw and Sunday are £805 ,I7s 2d-and £3966 respectively: At a meeting of Mr SnackeU's politi supporters,. held : at Ecbuca on Tuesd evening, committees were appointed tbron; out the district, and it was resolved that • election should be contested": free of cost the candidate! A vote of thanks was .corded.to Mr Thomas Spencer, an intend candidate, for retiring in Mr, ShackeU's fav ". A special session of the Church Assem lhas been convened for November 20th to termine on what site the ^glican Cathed shall be erected. This course is hecess; in consequence; of'the Parliamentary Bui Commission having decided not to p with any of the Parliament Reserve for i purposes of a cathedral.:' -^- portion of the; grant for the Paris Ex •brtionis to be"devoted to the purchasing samples of the latest inventions and impr o ments in manufactures, for subsequent ex bition in this colony. ' A bushman, named Jim Carr, was tal to the Hospital at Maryborough on Tuesd; suffering apparently from snakebite. : cording to his own statement he was wa ing across a paddock near- the Bung Be Railway station, when, finding one of ] boots pinching hi3 foot, he took the lx off. Immediately afterwards a snake wr gled across his path. Carr attacked a killed the reptile, but in the fight G alleges that he was bitten on the great 1 of the bootless foot. Mr Weld, tliesGovernor of Tasmania, a Commodore Hoskins are to be the guests His Excellency the Governor during the n< week. Sir Hercules Robinsou is also i pectcd. The Duke of Buckingham and 1 Marquis of Normanby have been proven! from paying an intended visit by the e genc;es of their respective Governments. Sir Hercules Robinson's term of ofece Governor of New South Wales [expires in Jnne next. It is rumored (says the Sydney Ecening News) that His Excellency's suc cessor willbe the Marquis of Normanhy, at present Governor of New Zealand, and that Sir Hercules Robinson will be appointed to " - the governorship of either the Cape or Can ada. . ■ .. ' . A warder at the Bailarat Gaol, named Carroll, has, according- to the Co urier,-iden-. tified the portrait of a man named Cresswell, at present an inmate of' the Sydney Lunatic Asylum, as that of the famous -Sir Roger ■ Tichborne. - Ihe mystery as to the baronet's "•long silence will be.:cleared!up.'if Carroll's identification. of Cress'vveil" be.substan tiated. ■ "-.a The Pleasant Creek News writes About half-past three o'clock on'Sunday1 morning last one of those rare phenomena, a lunar rainbow, .was observed:The arch formed a perfect semicircle, every, portion of it being clear and distinct.' It ^remained visible for ■' some time, and then gradually faded away.. We do not, know what, ,this foretells, al though the knowing ones declare that it is never seen unless it is followed a few days afterwards by a copious'downfall of rain. • An Argus telegram,- dated'*" Cooktown, Tuesday," says :—"A monster meeting was held last night on the Chinese question., It was the largest meeting ever held at Cook town. Resolutions were passed denouncing the present Queensland Government for its tyrannical acts against. the Chinese, and fully endorsing the 'Vagabond's' telegram as to-Chinese immigration" being indispen3- - able to settlement in this tropical climate. Groans were given by the crowd for the ■ ' Queenslandcr and the Queensland, Ministry." , The receipts on the Government lines of railway for the. week'ending 18th October, >1877, amountedtb£24,72913s ld,ascomparcd with* £2i,415 18s 5d for the corresponding week in 1876. Passengers, etc., £7747 10s '9d,-as against £6332 15s lid in 1S76 ; mer chandise, minerals, etc., £16,9S2 2s Gil, against, £15,083 2s 6d in 1S76. Aggregate to this date from 1st July, £327,86813s4d, against £298,SSS 16s 1 Id for the corresponding period in 1876. Weekly average (16 weeks), 1877, £20,-49115s lOd ; 1S76, JE1S.6S0 lis Id. Number of miles open, 1S77, 854; 1876, 654. 