"BLESSING THE BELLS." I (Birmingham Daily Mail.) I An interesting rite of the Roman Uatholio ohurcb, and one that has seldorii been per-' formed in Birmingham, was celebrated at St. ! Chad's Cathedral lest week by the Bishop of : Biiningham (Dr. Ullathorne). Every article used in the service of the Cliuich bus ti be previously consecra'ed, and that service was performed over threo bells which have been added to the peal of St. Chad's. It was originally intended that the pesl of bells, should number eight, bat up to the present there have been only live, in tho year 1S4S when Dr. Moore left the cathedral, and be came president of St. Mary's College, Oseott, five bells were given as a memorial of him to the cathedral, and in tbe year 1856, wheu he died a St, Mary's Handsworth," a steeple was pat up in the north tower as a second memo rial, to him, and the bells were placed iu tllo south tower. The bells, which bear inscrip tions in Latin, were hung in view of the con gregation in front of the "choir at the north end, and were surmounted with bouquets of flowers. : A procsision, consisting of the Bishop, the clergy, and esveial members of the choir, emerging from the sacristy, ranged themselves in front of the bells. The B .shop was vested in a white cope, with mitre and pastoral staff. Pddiui 50, 53, 56 66, 69. 85, 129, having been recited in Litiu by the Bishop and minisieis, the B shop then ulcsied a basin' of salt in water, also in Lain, of which .the folio wiog is a translation : — " I exorcise thee, creature of salt, by tho liviug God, .by the true Gid, by the holy God, who by Eliseua the piophet bade thee be oast into water, that the barrenness of tho water: might be healed : that. thou inayest bo made exorcised salt unto the salvation of them that believe, and uiayest ba unto ail that lake of thee health of soul and body : and that; -from the- place where thou shalt be spriukled may fly away and depart every fantasy, and wicked ness, and deceit of diabolical fraud, nndovety unciean spirit, being adjudged by Him who who/shall come to judge the living aud (he dead, and the world by fire." Having laid aside his crosier arid mitre, tbe Bishop prayed that whatever might be touched or sprinkled wilb qhe salt might be free from all unclean- ness'.and every assault of spiritual wicked ness, The water is then blessed in the same way) in i he coui se oi the prayer the Bishop saying : " May the virtue of the Holy Spirit come down upon i>, that when this vessel, which is prepaied for summoning the children of Holy- Ohurcb, hath been moistened with it,, wherever ibis bell may sound, may the power of ...those, who lie in ambush, the shadow of apparitions,' the attack of whirlwinds, tbo striking of lightning, the ruin of thunderbohs, the calamity of tempests, and all spirits of storms be scared away ; and when Christian children hear its ringing, may uu iucrease of j d jvoiioo grow within iheiu,. that hastening to the bosom of holy Mother Church, they may there sing unto Thee in the assembly of the saints a new canticle, introducing in their music the inarsballiug sound of the crumpet, the sweet tuues uf the psaltery, the harm -ny of the rgin, the cheerfulness of the drum, and the gladness of the cymbal ; si that they may: in the holy temple of Thy glory by their worship aud prayers invite iu join them the multitude of the ariny of Angels." After tbe bells were washed, the Bishop rose with hiB mitre on, and with the thumb of his right hand made the sign of tbe cross on the out side of tbo ball with the holy oil for the sick, sayiog : — "O God who through Thy blessed servant Moses the lawgiver, didst order silver trumpets to be made, in order that, being BDunded by the priests daring the time ot sacrifice, the people might be astouisiied by their- sweet tones to be prepared to adore Tnee, ii nd might assemble to celebra'e tncri- fijes ; that being summoned by ilieir call to battle, lh-y might overthrow the attempts of their enemies, graut, we beseech Thee, that this vessel prep tied for Thy Holy Church inav be Bauc-ified by the Holy Sprit, that by its striking, the faithful may be invited to rtceive their priz'. And when its melody eouods upon the ears of tun people, may the devotion of faith grow up in them ; may all the snares of the enemy be driven far uway, the crash ing of hail, tbe storm of whirlwinds, and the rush of tempests) may fatal thunderbolts be averted j the gushing of the winds be softened down heshhily and gen-ly ; may the right hand of Thy power subdue the power of tlie: air, that when they hear this bell, they may tremble acd fly before the standard if the H dy Cross ot Thy Gon which is marked up-: on it, to Whom every knee bows of things in heaven, on earth, and in hell." The B.shop then wiped off with a clean cloth the crosses: be had made, aud the chantiog of the Psalms was continued. ' Tbe most solemn purt of the service now takes pLee, when' the Bishop mikes with the oil for tho sick seven crosses outside, and four with chri.-in inside, saying each' time) "May - this sigual be blessed and consecrated, C Lord ; in the Dame of the Kit ber,. and uf the Sin, and of the Holy Ghost." This ceremony having been eon- 'oiuded, inci-n6e was put in the thuribles, which were put underneath the bells, and tue ch >ir ohin-ed the 76 oh Psalm. Af er ano her prayer by the bisbup, iho s-rvice was con cluded by the deacon (Canon Longman) read ing a lesson ftom the UoBpel of St. Luke. 