THE PEERYBINGLE PAPERS. I am often led to think of those who are con tinuously endeavouring to soothe their friends in captivity with presents of tobacco and spirits. I own to yon that I am sorry when I road of tho disoovmy of these " plants." Why should not tho poor oonviot have his " chaw" of tobaooo -the more palatable that it is against the regulations ? I can remember once being be- sieged at famine prices. I devoured a man's boots on that oeoasion, these terminations having carefully stewed all "sentiment " ef feet out of them, and I declare to you that no raou or entree ever gave me such satisfaction. As I ate, the ballets whistled through our appartment, and I confess that, in this particular, my meal was not to my satisfaction. But when the enemy rushed us — it was after dinner , thank Heaven ! the style in which we skedadelled was some- rung nne so oenoia. 1, tor my pars, can coast an " anterior " scar, in honour of the occasion. And when I read of the mishaps ef those who aeek to relieve the woes of friends in captivity I feel sympathetic — I do, indeed. A gentleman who lives near me hacked New- minster. It was not a fortunate speculation. He entertained some vague idea of " making a spoon or spoiling a horn." The idea did not realise. He entered his home at eve, a sadder and a wiser man than he left it at mora. Nevertheless, he was very drunk ; so drunken a man, I think, I never saw. And as he stood in the doorway, regarding the wife of his bosom, he ejaculated the following philosophy : — " Be ware of 'orses and 'orseracings, Betty, which leadsmen into temptations, and settles the hash ef morality generally" — with which he retired. Mr. Police Magistrate Mollison, is a personage I like very, very much. There is no mistake about him. He is arbitrary in his views. When he puts his hand down on a fly, he keeps it down until the unfortunate insect gives up the ghost. The other day he illustrated this " power," at the cost of a poor devil at Emerald Hill, who was charged by a Mr. Woodgate with having sold unlicensed grog. The style in which the spy gave his evidence was neat. He had evidently mastered the details of the "situation." G. P. Smith could not have got further confirmation of his degradation than he confessed. He teld us that, as a member of our rifle club, he had watched the proceedings ef the ' ' irregular corps," and had brought them to book. Such a fellow should be kicked out of the volunteer foree. Such evidence as his should not he accepted at the trial of a native cat. These wretches are beyond moral reproach. Talking about moral abortions, what of that absurd creature who, it is said, on Cup day, carried on her back a dress worth £2,000 ? Now, honestly, what can one think of such a miscar riage as this ? In the face of the grim announce ment that the famine in India has swallowed up 750,000 victims, this senseless woman claps on her shoulders ten per cent, of humanity. Has this creature a mother, a father, a friend, to whip the folly out of her ? I think not, and therefore I pity her. Dot has on especial eye to the main chance, and having a couple of rooms unoccupied, she turned them into coin by letting them to country people daring the last races. Well, these people were all Irish, and one of them, who did not approve of the protectionist order of pro" vender brought in by Mr. Berry and his measley following, used to indulge in a shilling dinner. Weil, one of Dot's housewifely prides consists of Chili vinegar, so she placed a bottle of condiment on the table at which these barbarians sat for the first time. " Be gorro," said one, " it's pickles I'm fond of." " The taste av glory" said the other, " is vinegar.'1 And with this, the two wretches dived into Dot's jar of pickles. Presently they looked np at each other, their mouths closed hard. Neither was disposed to acknowledge that he was in the wrong. Saliva ran from the corners of Me mouth, and rage fermented within his brain, but he4wouldnt tell the story of the origin of his woe. It was Dot who got it out of his wife. For Dot, having entered into a project to iMififawtiiM pickles and condiments has naturally taken advantage of her lodgers to test l1u of tier productions. JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 