BA3LE T'AL, ,' .otsaarousas.-Pressu on o I,.i pevsa. th publiuction o IW ee ad letter on "G works -.rt.l',"ill ts l aisse. we will sa tk for it I Nl;" nat. The letter of j Reynoldsla our nest. War?s BcrPPL?m r.-- Through as. dent we are unable to luean the custs, weekly supplement with to-day's Ilase. Ile Udrdiac n it willif Possible ; - lilhbed on Tuesds newt , the lths,,eb The interesting story o the "' Lst ofL Tribe, or the Ghost of the Grange" I see? tinued, PtRer or F .ocr.-MeeUrs. Campblla - Son intimate, through an advertisement another olumn, a great reduction I -s prce of flour ..... GoCyr.Y?I T O rICEM.--fr Call, P.4, Irispe?otoi of PiM stablishments, is no, In Portland to inspect the gaol. Capti0 Payne, Chief Harbor-oaster, is also in Portiandstftf 5ea$ and.e oe0 the opening of the Salt CreekO - W, - RLILWA? *xD. Risen GOIDL..We have to acknowledge the A. B. C. Raileway s Road Guide fot. June. Thepu blias, iemai. Gordon and Gotob, bIelbours call attention.to the followiog new feature latrodssed into the" Australasian A. B. Guide." Overtled ruetea to and from Mal. bourne ao?d s dar.. eS. Melbounme e, Adelaide, with cost of trand sit . A Us. of all the banks and their rel' int the .Auastraliasn coloniee and New eihlad A nw and novel er t of the Vio torian-Postal- Geide, -?he + Barsa Coasrzazca.-We W hbeyneg1 in pamphlet form report of pr at conference of Shire 4elegate hs ockin' s rooms, May 22add n3t 1877 The conference was orii Xatd th Shire Council of Mafra, i-Giyp,e and lthe programnm for esidestbl in. cladedd t e.sskject of· inehae of Coes, the question. of cl€i?ed rods, eontrn of public reserves, annual endowments, tolls, licenses, and so. on. There was a' good attendance of delegates, but in the ireslo. tions agreed to by the conference too much was asked, and the' meeting will proe a partial failr . -. SgsalcK or Bso.n-On Wdnesday even. ing last, Mr. William Hiddleetone gae another service of song in Uh' Baptht Chapel, Heity Street. The building wu densely crowded, every available spee, being occupied. The service was not only interestlug, but profitable. Mr. Hiddle. stone's singing and his earnest and stirring appeals having wrought powerfully uop the hearts of several persons, causing then to shed penitential tears, and to sek for mercy and salvation through the blood of the Lamb. The fnancial ontoome of the ervice was ery encouraging, the sum. taken at the door amounting to £1317a, 4 for which the pastor and - offeebearenrs o the ehurch tender their thanks, especially to the members and adhereots of the sister churches in the town. Mr. Trasnt announced atthe close of the servie that it was probableIMr. Hiddlestoe would visit Portland again In the month of July, and conduct similar serviose in connoetion with the annIversary tea meeting, t?a, to be held in the Isae building.at tht time, 