? . . ~ — . . . . . ? : — : ? . ? ? '?-???- SPORTING MOTES FROM 'H0M& (By Tim Whiffler.) ? ? . Losdon, 24tU November. I have so much conservatism in my composition as to think and feel that the raping season ghpuld close with the Hoiighton week at Newmarket, for the meetings that usually follow, though upoa aa extensive scale, savor so much of ' gate money' 'transactions and paying ' ventures' — the 'firat «a ;the part of the promoters and the second on. thgr ?part of the supporters— as to create an amount at disgust in the minds o». those who are not quite of the go-a-hqad school that tho noble tpaatimoi, ifihould apparently be made so much of a corn* mercial speculation. One accepts the necessity. ?of recognising the last of the three October gatherings at headquarters as the ' ha? and corn ' week' when a race must be squeezed out of a nag that has been 'eating his head off' all summer, or a coup must be landed in order to provide 'ttj 9 winter's provender and help to pay the jockeys*' aud trainers' accounts. Then as in love aai war all is fair, all are playing at the same igamej, and the moat clever deserve credit as the qx* ponents of the science of handicapping, and 4b.9 closing scenes I wrote of in. my last become ia« teresting. But the line should be drawn some where, and it must be there ; a continuance only removes the characteristics of sport, in order Aa give place to thoso of business. Whea trut November mist3 bang about the racecourse like a damp pall, lessees, clerks of courses and owners of racehorse do not stand shivering- in their. Ulstera becajiaa they have the welfare oE rtU« sport at heart ;, a more selfish motive prompts them, and therefore to stamp out the flama'fcliat is now burning so brightly, wherein are displayed the elements of gambling and speculation in coa« nection with the turf, the necessary ' refornx' would be started, and a step in the right dirge* tion taken, if the Saturday afternoon ia. th« Hoiighton week knows the last hour of the racing year. I wrote, thorefore, of the ' closing soonea' in my last letter, feeling we could well draw t!i$ curtain after such a sucoessful season as we itia^a experienced, though I find that in order to keep my. readers well postod up it must 'rise onco j again ere the ' close time' arrives. : That we reached tho best two-ycar-old form oE tho . yoar in the Dewhurat and Middle Park Plates I remarked in my last, and though littla Derby betting now takes place during thfc winter, it will be no voxed question to discuss, an around blazing fires turfites gather, when tha racing season of 1670 is a thing of the past, ft ia hard to deny tho claims of Chamant and theo. Plungorto Uii3 distiction, or to thi3 'pride o£ place,' and I need scarcely repeat that both ara engaged in the big three-year-old oront nest year, I pas3 on to tho doing3 in the racing world sinco my last. Wo have had Lia« coin, Brighton, Lewe3, Livorpool and Shrow3« bury, and tho greatest of theso is Liver pool. At Brighton tho clerk of tho weather was singularly amiable, and this was a thing to ba desired at this London-3upor-tnare and in dreary dull November. The most interesting affair oC tho meeting wai tho antagonism of Charon, Je«tor . and Kilt in tho Brighton Cup. The last named camo wilh high credentials from France, as tho winner of several long races, and of tho Prix di Jockey Club which ho carried oft* after a memor able raco with Knguorrando, a ruaro that rau a dead heat for the English Oaks, A.ihaatee and Camenhort. He cut up,, however, vbtj nioderatoly at Brighton, possibly to bo accounted for by h^3 recent voyage across. the chaanol, and Lord Dunmoro's Jestor and the Duke of Hamil ton's Charon ran a fine race home, his grace of Hamilton's colt winning by a .neck. Charon a now probably our champion cup horse bora. Lincoln was ;pf, course a 'tuixod' gathering, 03 as wo had flut-racing, hurdlcraciug and utoople chaRing. Tiro foaturo of intero.it was the fact that our 'tut fief orator,' Sir John Astloy, continued his run of bad luck, that has ntuck to btm throughout the soason, In tho priucipal raoo of the meoling— the Autumn Handicap— bin colon wore only carried into the oeoond place by Scamp, after the horse had been backed for lumps of money. This was hard lines, particularly wi Htr John and hiafrtonds doubtless hoped to get baok hoiuo of the cash loat upon tho (ihoat and II op- bloom in tlio Coauro witch and Cmubridgotluro ; tho lattor, it will bo loiuomberotl, running socond in tho last monliouod imporlnut haudicap, to tho Henrjationi! hor/io Iloacbcry, winner of botU ovontn. But tho virliioun aro uot alwayt rovyardud in thin world, aud tho inilnolxy B.tronob may denvo uome ooniohlioii from this faot. That tho racing uoa»on dios hard it exompliuotl by tha otatomont that tit Lewc.i and Thiml;, bold ainongBt tho numoroua inootitiga of tho week, dovotod to tho great (jntlioiin;;;] nlroady alluded to, good fluids camo to(jyllior, and uu'ithor failod to funiiuh hoavy programmo.i. Thiiiga tepn very badly At Livorpool, with tho iiliocLin(j donth of a Mr. uraunoiu, who tor many yuan* uolu tho olHoo of oterk of tho couroo nt tho Nottlnghaai rao» roooUnn, and also nt tho'io hold at Derby, oon« uoquoully ito was woll-ktiowu iu turf circles. Th« dccoiwod gontloman, who had roachod Lit 70tb yoar, was vtajriiia at tho AUolphi llotol, and After a canstltuliounf boforo bronkfaat, intoQded to return to hi* ao«ttmont» by luaiiup! ths, ' lift,' llcforo, liownvor, bo had fatrljr tok«n \xia ' plfcoo tho lid boanuto work, otndtbo poor g«ntb*' _l ? inaiiJbfccomiBg entangled ho yiaa dragged upwards-: to, oaft loa to. tha aisfc floor, where ho was re* leased, and falling with sach force instantaneous tifcatb/ spared liim any suffering. This of course *&b; o groom over all. Tho Liverpool Autmna ?ffip'ww the event oi .tho reunion, and this handj iOftri has been thought much of by. onmora ol tesca from its commencement, dating over a upaco of nineteen years. The'clas» oi honsca ewnpeling hao improved much o£ Jato, particu larly ainco Sterling created some amount of son ealion. in, 1873, by carrying 9sfc. lib. to victory, grora ouch quality as King Lud, and Louise Vic toria. Tho runners a twelvemonth back wero raado up by auch a strong team as Thunder, Thorn, Freoraan and Dalbani, horso3 1 havo morq than enco alluded to in ray 'Notes from homo.' !fiiis. year- the- ' Oup' was placed to the creidb ol ' tho 'Earl of Wilton by tbo aid of his three year old bay filly Footstep by Sco Saw out of Sandal carrying 5st. 13 lb. Sho was a regular 'outsider1' ' utartiug at 40 to 1, but sho only pulled through by a neck. Tho book-makers howled again, and well ' they, n-ight, for backers could not have received a greater knock-down blow. Footstep certainly finished amongst tho first flight for the Gambnge ubiro with -J!b. moro on her back, but nobody thought seriously of her chance in this instance,. andthestablocommis;sion,itissaid, only reached a, ♦'century' on tho morning of the race. So, , much, for tho Lancashire gathering, and I pass on tot. Shrewsbury, hold a week lator. Tho Shrop shire Handicap is tho big item of the four days, tux event that usually inducos the best ' speedy form' to faco the starter. The Ghost, Hopblooro, Iiord'Gowran, Catseyo and Pageant wero amongst tha starters on tho present occasion; but Lord Hojve owns tho winner -Totrnrcb, a threeyear aktcoltby Hogador out of Parma, who carried homeost.l2lb. Anotherimporthandicapgracedtha ? card on the last day— tho Shrewsbury Cup,, and ' Mr.. Crawford's Brother to Royal George was . successful, a colt that rejoices in a regular ' Lord , .Glasgow pedigree.' Ho is by Toxophilite, dam . by '5f oung Melbourne, out of the Rescued. Though the Racing Calendar, of course, gets ? Bnialler by degrees, and beautifully less, as tho 1 end- approaches, I mean tho sheet calendar issued from Old Burlington-street, it continues ?B«no tho less interesting as tho 'programmes,' ene.by. one, disappear. The Messrs. Weather continue to publish largo entries for next season 3 races, ana aireauy men are anticipating the pleasant days spent 'behind tho ditch' at .Newmarket, during tho July week, or those in ; early August eujoyed on the Yorkshire- Coast. . But I- allude to tho Calendar, not to comment Upon the entries, but to make a fow passing ? remarks upon the new rules of racing ; matters that of late havo occupied much of the time and attention of members of the Jockey Club. When .published in extensd doubtless you will be able . to get hold of a complete code, and they may not be unworthy the attention of your turf legislators. One of the most important changes is tho adop* ? tion of the suggestion ' that no meeting shall be .-advertised in the Hating Calendar, unless the :? public money amount to £300 per day, £150 of which shall be given to races of a mile or up wards.' This blow is doubtless aimed at our Metropolitan 'gate money' gatherings, and ijghtly, for we can certainly do without such attractions to thieves and blackguards of the ! ¥ery worst description. As Bell's Life says, ' it will either knock on the head altogether .some email meetings where the racing so- called is of so interest at all, or compel their promoters to ?? elevate the character of such gatherings, and is hq doubt a stop in ? tho right direction.' Mr. Chaplin moved an amendment to Rule -14, that there ' shall not be a greater difference than ? 4 st. 7 lb. between the highest and lowest weight in a handicap with a second forfeit.' This was carried, but since, to the surprise and disgust of . every-body gifted with tho smallest amount of common sense, Mr. Alexander and Col. Forester, two old supporters of the turf and members of tho ? Jockey Clnb, havo Riven notice that they intend to propose and second a motion to the effect that the bottom weight in a handicap shall bo lowered to 4 st. 7 lb. The reasons thoy advance for desir ing this change arc tho death of good jockeys, \- and that in order to obtain them boys should learn to rido as early as possible. This is all very well, . Iboys certainly should commence early, but my experience tolls me that this learning can bo had . in the racing stables by riding exorcise every day. We havo too many ' monkeys' now on horseback in every big handicap, and sometimes though a fiold of 30 horses faco tho starter, wo seo such men as ForUham, Chaltoner, distance, and Martin stauding down. I have not had ?rery many summers ovor my head, but 1 can remember the time— and for tho matter of that things are little hotter now — whon children, for ono could consider them littlo eke, had to bo lifted in and out of tho saddle., and at tho Finish of a raco had nob eulliciont strength to 'hang on.' Wo havo plenty of butcher-boy scrambles now, jookeys with neithor ' heads' nor ' handH,' and if tho old ovder of things is to bo revived, if no othor grounds exist, I should adviso tho ' Society for tho pro tection of women and children' to keo^ their ©yea open. Thoy would bo equally justified in coining to tho rescue of tho ''feathers' as ovor they wero in stopping in to eayo tho wretched littlo outcasts forced up overycliimiioy in London by their sooty employers— or rather slavo drivora. Ihavo littlo fear, however, Mmm, Alexander and Forostor will carry their point ; indeed, so far from tho weight ticalo ia lnuulio.ips being lowered, thoro tiro many men of position anu influence upon tho turf who would be glad to seo ? a portion of tho rulo proposed by Sir John Astley during tho sittings of tho club become law, aud 0 st. adopted as tho lowest weight allow ublo in handicaps. Noiv for a fow Hues conoorning Coursing, Wo are in the vory thick of it— Nowwavkot Chtuuniou Mooting is past, tho first Altoar Club, Brigg is in progress while I write, and hofora I liniflu thin letter I expect to seo tbo nainiimtioim for tho Waterloo Cup announced. Already ' *'boots aro onou' upon this groat cvont, though of courue tho wagoring is vory gunniut], tho layers being particularly oarotul. Tho Now. market Mooting this Hoouon wub brought forward » wook or two iu ordor to osoapo tho interference of froat and snow that ylnyml aucli havoc in patit jearsj indeed luat Your tho mooting was of iicccitNJty abandoned. Though purliupu robhod of . » portion of tho dash uuuully associated with it, owing to its following no olo.iuly upon tho raco mectuigfl, tho gathering was a grent success ; iu Sit}l unott ouo or two days tho sport was simply BUifootion. Sonio rout goad puppioH wero run . niug, but thoro wiia ouo uufortunato affair that \- narrad tko wliolo nrocooclitigft. Paul Jones, ono of tho dividoi'8 of tho puppy Ntukes, was obiootod to on tho ground of being au 'ull-ngoiV do«, aud oa tho miituli wua uot cloaiod up, it wilt iu All urobalility bo oftrricU to tho NtiUouul Counting Club which sita iu Kolmuuv noxt, ou tho Monday ib tho Waterloo wook. i do not know what Bt'oumU tho objector had to work upon, Bud I mtt sny there wan uothiiig iu Urn np ' Bpjuanco ol tho iIor to wnrruut ouo iu auuuo»lnn , Win max than, i\ puppy, boyoud tho f*ot ol IU wni«. ft gvoftt raofns dou, auil woudertulW. .weiRovelwud. 1'bli, ot ouurao, tays nothing. \- Whether tlio objaoitou in miatalH or «o», U v«l ? ;«9 Up hano, for It » ciirioutlyroBorlod tlak tho ? kam o! .aubstHuttng old ouo« tor youug qiim, iMmiwn for Uw\ doB», lw \,ow ^uUa on .«M»t«)il0BiiWiily ok. -late, ana it- will uiako ilto AinntiUcuU more caiolu land Hbyiov tho fuUrd. 1 ^»l»ll« it will tonoh jiooreUr^rof ;me«Uii{M to .' MW^iO woro crti^ti^n in tho mattor of iliitribnfe. , , W«»«n}luavloti v.unil taking anttln; Thp ttomout ..?i UtUutf.u wqiklnK iti way an awyljiuto \hp sport ol corrraiDg ? as rtiron. already.- reached' into . .that oE racing, and tho opportunities and tompta« 'tiona arc great at tboheaa^uattcra oi tho torfj 'almost erjual to thone-at Waterloo. It is a pit? some mcana cannot be doviE'id to stop the wholo 'calo plundering now said to be going od. Racing Irnlea and rcgalationa enforco veterinary exaroina ,tioua -v«hcro necessary, and1, demand properly authenticated certificates, wliilo tha stud book is ia great protection ; but wo bavo npfching oi tho kind in connection with the spoit of the leash. ' AHcar followed Nowrnarkct. and though, perhaps, tho various stakco scarcely filled so well, owing to- tho recont death of two of the old members, tho meeting fully sustained itap« si ifltf, and nomc interesting features cropped up* With perhaps ono exception the stakeafell to \7aterlop nominators, Mr.' Brocklebank carrying off the Softon for tlog puppies, with Uarabbay, a son o{ 1-1uq Villain and nis famous old bitch Battle* mink; Lord Lurgan'a blaster IJJack running up* Bavabbas went through tho stake like a good, puppy, fast and cleverly, and should ho continue) well, ho will bo a thorn ia the side of many a candidate for blue riband honors next Fobruary. A daughter of that fast, alboit not always game dog Tyrant— Cleopatra— won the Croxtcth for bitch puppies for Mr. Clifton, but . though remarkably clever, sho is perhaps deficient in speed. Mr. T. D. Hornby's ' Jlonmtito won the Jlolyneux Plate, after being put out somewhat unfortunately- in tha Club Cup. This form, coming so quickly upon that at Lurgan, which I alluded to. in my. last loiter, makes him a very dangerous opponent to meet, and it is very probablo he will bo the chosen o£Mr. Horuby for tho ' Cup.'' Another daughter of Tyrant, and tho property of Mr. Clifton— Conjux — won the Hill House- Stakes, aud as this bitch has only appeared once before in public and Tvas .then. successful sho cannot bo moderate. During the same week tho members of tho South of Eug land Club held a meeting upon the famous Salis bury Plain, and what waslostin tho importance of the gathering and sport was more than com pensated for by tho magnilioient' coursing. Though equally select, equally strong, aud sup plying equally good greyhounds, the public inter est centred in the doings of the South ot England Clnb is far less than that attached to Altcar. The reasons are these, — many of the Altcar mem bers hold nominations in tho Waterloo Cup, and their meetings aye held over tho Waterloo Country. We. have had this week a capital meeting at Erigg in Lincolnshire, over the estate of Sir John Astley. The locality is admirably adapted for Waterloo trials possessing many of the character istics of Altcar, while an attractive programme is always issued, thestakes being in value only second to Waterloo. This season however they did not nil quite so readily, the reason doubtless being the fact of the gathering clashing with some important race-meetings. Wo had some capital sport, however, and somo good dogs were running. The winner of tho Elsham Cup, nominated by Lord St. Vincent— a dog called Conster, by Telegram out of Trent Valley Laas— goes a capital pace and is as clever as a kitten, and is very likely to run at Waterloo. Qf the puppies some smart ones contested, but the winner — Woldsman, by Countryman out of Dairy Lass— owes hi3 victory moro to cleverness and staying powcra than to pace, though he ia a fa3t worker. There was somo wagering at tho meeting upon the Waterloo, Mr. Brocklebank's nomination standing first favorite,, owing to the doings of his puppy, Baiabbas, at Altcan the other week, a dog I have alluded to earlier on. Mr. Saltar'a nomination was also supported, and ho will, oi course, run his fast dog, Tho Squatter,, who, as a pupy last season, showed such a bold front in the Waterloo Cup, running iuto tho last four, and only being ?ut out after a most determined course.. Ha is, believe, going ou well at tha present moment, in his training quarters. 