-CTKri4- miirnmrra nV TTTR EASTEBH QUESTION. Altfielast working sitting of tne ttonse, mr. XkJ%ett put. a series of questions about tha publication of despatches, the Reports of _j ? :«„_' «,= «llp«-d employment of Cnefket Pasha: in Roumelia, and tne assemuy. gu, A ». «n3quStion SiTstafford Ixorthcotesaid that 'the poriiionof the Government m respect co the nolicvwhich had been announced to Parliament Jnd the country, and which they we steadily maintaining, is a policy of neutrality, of strict neutrality as regards the question at issue between Russia and Turkey; but it is subject to the conditions, of course, that this country will feel herself obliged to watch over her own interests, and as that was considered to be the phrase that required fuller explanation, Lord Derby has distinctly, and in a manner which is beyond any ordinary diplomatic usage, ex plained the points upon which we feel that our interests may be affected, and the course we may have to take.' To Mr. Fawcett's dennnd for a promise that Parliament would be re assembled in the event of a new step being con sidered necessary, the Chancellor simply replied that the Government were fully aware of their constitutional obligations and fully prepared to meet them. KB. GLADSTONE AT HAWABDBN. There is no rest for Mr. Gladstone on this side of the grawe^ and he must regret, I think, having surrendered a position which would at least have given him employment worthy of his intellect. Through sheer lack of all-absorbing interest he is doing eccentric things which give reason to the enemy to scoff, and Mr. Gladstone's worst enemies are some who used to be of his own household. The Pall Mall Gazette, which half a dozen years ago was proud to be con sidered his special organ, is equally proud now of the chief command of hia censors. When ever he lays himself open to a gentlemanly sneer the Pall Mall is down upon him. Since he retired to Hawarden he has exposed himself repeatedly by the hospitality he offers to Liberal Associations in search of a place for a dafs enjoyment. The Hawarden political picnic brings out from two to three thousand Lan cashire Liberals of the broadest dissenting type. Many of them were Mr. Gladstone's con stituents while he sat for South-West Lan cashire, and he talks to them confidentially as to old friends. On one occasion they presented to him a stout walking-stick, which inspired him with a rather feeble joke that he might have left to Dr. Kenealy. But it was a joke, and Mr. Gladstone did not quite deserve the terrible sermon it entailed upon him. Hi castigator in the Pall Mall Gazette asked him to recollect that ' Englishmen, whether Liberals or Conservatives, have always desired to be able to retain a respect for their leading public men of either political party — a moral respect if possible, but in any case and under all cir cumstances an intellectual respect. It is distress ing to them to have their faith shaken in the moral qualities of a distinguished statesman, to be forced to doubt his political consistency, his fidelity to his party, or his attachment to his professed principles ; but this amount of disillu sion they must in the natural course of public affairs be not unfrequently called upon to ?undergo. But they experience an altogether novel sense of pain and humiliation ?when they find a statesman of Mr. Gladstone's emi nence going the way to forfeit his title even to their intellectual respect. They feel that to some extent the country itself is affronted by such behaviour on the part of a man who has not only enjoyed the highest honours it has t) bestow, but who for several years occupied a position of such supreme and urquesfcio led power over its destinies as has been wielded by no other Minister for the last half -century.' The organ of the Clubs was outraged and atrocified by the walking- stick joke. It bitterly remembered that — 'The last occasion upsn which a statesman was presented with a walking stick was when Dr. Kenealy received the same testimonial from certain of his political admirers, and we cannot say that Mr. Glad stone's praises of his gift, or the illustration which he drew from it, are in any higher vein of eloquence than those of the member for Stoke. He would not, he said, ' like to have a lick with this stick from a stout arm.' It was 'a good one, good to look at, good to lean upon ;' it was 'light in hand,' and had ' all the qualities of a good stick.' He then told his audience that they should imitate the'stick ; that they should learn a lesson from it. 'What we have to do is to strive to be as good in our own characters as this stick in the humble capacity it bears.' Such was Mr. Gladstone's peroration, and we ask of his most devoted admirer, supposing him at least to possess ordinary good taste and intelli gence, whether he can can read this sad twacHle without a feeling of profound humiliation.' But Mr. Gladstone's Hawarden address was not all about walking-sticks and the Eastern Ques tion. He made a declaration respecting the county franchise which may have galled Pall MallWhiggismmore than his unsuccessful jokes. AS TO THE COTJNTY FRANCHISE he said he could not tell his Lancashire friends how clear as he thought were the rights and the wrongs of that matter. They must all feel that the time was very near at hand when it must be conceded. The historical reason for it had dis appeared. ' In former times the distinction of county franchise and borough franchise was a very reasonable distinction, and I won't now enter into the question ; but this I will say that, looking at [the manner in which counties are now intermingled in this country, and in which vast populations that substantially have the character of borough populations are spread over almost the entire face of counties like South Lancashire and the West Biding of Yorkshire, it is the height of absurdity, as well as the height of injustice, to pretend to stand upon the present seclusion.' Those who wanted it had only to knock lustily at the door of the House of Commons, and they would get all they wanted. 'The Government go on opposing it and voting against it, but the opposition they offer to it is a sham opposition. I do not mean to say they are desirous of giving it to you, but I think they are pretty well aware that they cannot help giving it to you; and* when they see that the thing must be done, I think, judging from former .experience, that they prefer your having it from them to your getting it from us. But now don't yon go to sleep -about it, for if you do I think the Government wrill remain asleep also.' A VTOTIGATION OF THE LATB GOVERNMENT. Ore of the speakers in support of the address presented to Mr. Gladstone had boasted that the district to which he belonged had no responsi bility for the defection of South-west Lan cashire, as the Liberal vote had been higher iu 1868 than in 1865. Mr. Gladstone acknowledged the loyalty of West Derby and the kindness of another constituency which had found a seat for him. Passing on to a defence of the dictatorship which followed, he said—' We had a Parliament which did act in a way likely at any rate to be remembered in the history of this country. We went in a very strong Govern ment and we came out a very weak Govern ment ; and how did we become a weak Govern ment instead of being a strong one ? I say fear lessly we spent our strength in serving the public. Now, the public is a very grateful public ?when you can really get its attention,-fcut what we call the public very seldom attends to its own interests. On one side commonly stands the public, and on the other side in this country stand what are called classes. The public very ? seldom thinks seriously about its own interests. j Classes always do. The public goes to sleep; classes never do, but even if they go to sleep at night they keep one eye open. Well, it is not possible for us to deal with the measures that ?we dealt with and not to offend and irritate some ' classes. You know something about what some ' of. these classes are. 'We are all here in good ' humour, and therefore we won't enter into par ' ticulars. But it was by the votes of classes ana ' by the interests of classes carried over from us to our opponents that we were defeated at that time.' The explanation offered by Mr. Forster of the reaction was that they had been carrying on at too high pressure. Itwould have killed Mm, he said, had it continued much longer. Mr.Forster's view is more generally accepted . than Mr. Gladstone's. SIS S. NOBTHCOTE AT FLTMOTJTH. The Plymouth Conservatives must have con sidered Mr. Gladstone's late visit an offence against their dignity. They claim not only the torough but the county and nearly all the seats in it. To wipe out the stain or Mr. Gladstone's demonstration and counteract the feelers that Mr. Donald Currie is supposed to be putting out for the next election they held a mass meeting on Tuesday. It was attended by seven local Conservative members, with Sir Stafford Northcote as their dojen. He good-naturedly alluded to the plot that was hatching for a transformation of the membership. A very distinguished statesman had lately suggested to them 'an infusion 0/ new blood, but his own opinion was that they might go farther and fare worse. Sir Stafford is cultivating aPalmer stonian line in his outdoor speaking, and in his happiest efforts he can hit off a Palmerstonhn pleasantry. His answer to the reproach that this Parliament had done so little was that it had kept to the high road and not gone tearing across the country over hedges and ditches at the riss of the driver's neck. As a change from steeplechase they had given the public jog-trot legislation. It has teen a little sarcastically rejoined to the Chancellor that he has had a good many misfortunes even on the high road. His prede cessois when tearing across the country, as he calls it, generally brought home their team in better order than he did his at the close of last sessioD. He was so thoroughly optimist in his mood that he took a hopefui view even of the obstructives, and prognosticated that their disease would cure itself. Until it should be found actually necessary he deprecated mate rially altering the character of the House of Commons merely to gag a few ill-behaved members. Our Parliament was the largest, most important, and most characteristic institution we had, and it hid survive;! too much in the past to be made ridiculous by a few young members. Th?ra was equal chance that these young members would yet be influenced by the associations ti which they were at present insensible. 'I bear in mind,' he said, ' that those who have tiken a leading part in these recent obstructions are for the most part men who have but recently become members of the House of Commons, and I have great faith in the iufluence of the Assembly, and of its power of bringing men to a sense of that which is due to it and to them selves. But if, unfortunately, we should be deceived, we must take care in whatever we do we do not run the risk of sacrificing the ii»hts of minorities or interfering with the fair and full freedom of debate. We must take care we do not, in endeavouring to put down those who make themselves wilfully, needlessly, and offensively obstructive, infringe the rights of the great body of members. And again, we must take care that, if we do find it necessary to take steps against particular men who may cause particular offence, we do not do it in a manner that may give them anything like honours of martyrdom, or may appear like the House of Commons struggling either with these men themselves or with the constituencies that they represent. We must endeavour gently to put aside annoyances in a manner the least open to either of those objections.' About the war he was self- restraiiied, and gave countenance to the idea that the leaders of the Government and of the Opposition have a tacit compact to treat it with reticence during recess. His argument was that we had nothing to do now but to maintain the most loyal neutrality, extending even to political speeches. The dutj of the Government was above all to maintain.the influence and position of England, so that when occasion offered to assist in bringing the cruel struggle to a termination there may be no cause to question our motives or doubt our sincerity. For this it was neces sary that the Government should retain the visible confidence of the people ; and he trusted that they would not be called upon, as was perhaps somewhat too much the case a year ago, to respond to excited appeals and to f?ce inflam matory harangues, but that tbey would be left to exercise, according to the best of their judg ment and with the firm resolve to do their duty, the influence which still remains to Great Britain in the councils of Europe. EABL GEANVILLE AT BEADFOKD. It is a sign of the times that the Liberal chiefs who are in request this autumn fo popular demonstrations are the old stigers aud not the hotblooded youngsters. Mr. Bright, Mr. Fprster, and Earl Granville are the repre sertative Liberals of to-d°,y. They have little of the atrocity style about them, and the gospel they preach is that Liberals should have their bats ready for their next innings, but play the enemy fair while he is in. The cause has lately been reorganized in Bradford somewhat on the Birmingham mode]. Each ward has a Club of of its own, and they are all afiUinted to a central Club, for which splendid premises were lately erected in a fashionable part of the town, at a cost of twenty thousand pounds. Earl Granville consented to preside at the inauguration, which consisted of a luncheon in the Club and a public meeting at night. In such assemblies, and on such an occasion, the Burials Bill was of course resuscitated. Its rejection was the Opposition feat of the session, but Earl Granville did not claim the honour for himself. He gave it to its real authors, the two Archbishops,wlio carried a majority of the Episcopal bench with them. He was bound, he said, ' to add that with regard to the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Primate of the Church of England, his feelings were those of admiration for the courage which he showed in the face of the mistaken feeling of the Church of England in coming forward in the manner he did with respect to a clause in the Burials Bill which he believed to be wise, just, and liberal, and only fair to their fellowChris tians.' Making a joke at the expense of the moon, which underwent an eclipse last week, he hoped that though they too had been eclip3od for a period they would soon be seen again above the horizon. He assented with some qualification to Mr. Gladstone's theory that the reverse of 1874 was due to a combination of class interests, but he also agreed with Mr. Forster that the pace had, perhaps, been too hot. His Lordship is singularly fortunate in his sporting similes. ' They all knew and remembered some day in their lives in which they had worked so hard or played so much that they were rather unwilling to do the same next day, and he should be extremely surprised if there was not some elderly gentleman present, about his own age, who on the 13fch of this month did not feel very tired of his walk upon the moors, and who was not so exceedingly anxious to begin again the next day. That was a temporary feeling; it was one which would pas3 away, and he ventured to say that even his elderly friend would soon be anxious to get again to the grouse.' But there were dozens of other explanations. The Liberals had been too proud of their strength and had thought they could afford to be dis united. They had allowed the Conservatives to have the start of them with political Clubs, which in his belief might be made of the greatest public use. Sir Stafford Northeote had quoted Dean Swift at Plymouth, but the Earl thought he could give him a more apt quotation from the same source. Dean Swift had oncesaid that no English statesman could be successful unless he had the dash of the alderman about him. He must say that if the Government continued in their present course, avoiding all serious matters, any legislative success they might achieve would have that strong flavour of the alderman in it which was so agreeable to the witty Dean. But some of his best bits were reserved for the public meeting. Speaking there again of the Ministerial programme, he said — ' Her Majesty's Government were not econo mical of the public money, but their economy of legislation was perfectly wonderful. Their method of procedure was this — They sometimes found measures of public utility laid up in the pigeon-holes of their predecessors. These they drafted for themselves into a properly weak and permissive form, and then served them up, like the traditional bachelor with his leg of mutton, boi in the first session, cold in the second, and, with the assistance of a select number of Irish member?, made a wonderful hish of them iu the third.' Observing the compact of reserve on the Eastern question he endorsed the refusal of the Government to enter into hypothetical dis cussion on the close of the session, but regretted that they had not been more consistent in the earlier stages of the crisis. It had been, he thought, a great mistake in Lord Derby to inti mate to the Porte after the Conference that he wns perfectly free to accept or reject the terms offered. THE ELECTIONS. The late Mr. Ward Hunt's seat in North Northamptonshire has been secured by another Conservative, though the Liberals made a stiff fi^ht for it. The winning candidate, Lord Binghley, had a majority of 786 over his oppo nent, Captain Edgell. The Liberals made a mistake in laying too much stress on- foreign policy and letting disestablishment fall into the background. Till Mr. Ward Hunt turned the tide Northamptonshire was one of the most Liberal of English counties, for it has a staunch dissenting population, and the Burials Bill might have been worked with effect. The pre destined candidate, Mr. Fitzwilliam, was found to be weak-kneed on the Turkish question. Under the influence of Mr. Gladstone's ad mirers the local Committee insisted on Bulgaria as an article of faith, and Mr. Fitzwilliam declined their programme. Captain Edgell had to be fallen back upon 38 a pin aUer, and he sustained a signal defeat. In Clare, a moderate Home Ruler, Sir Brynn O'Loghlin, has got the upper hand of a Nationalist— that Biggar and Parnell candidate. Mr. O'Gorman Mahon is a veteran of the old Emancipation War, and the mob went with him to a man ; but Sir Bryan had the priests, and ap parently the priests know the minds of the better part of the electors. Their defeat at Clare, happening at the very close of the session when they were preparing to stump the country as the favourites of Ireland, was a set down for the obstructives. Sir Bryan O'Loghlin is on his way lion-.e from Melbonrne, and will be in ample time for the next session. TUT. NEW FIRST LORD OF THE ADMIRALTY ^ It hr,s been a common joke that Mr. N W bmith owes his promotion to the head of the Admirr.lty to the precipitation of the Pres3 in elevating Sir Michael Huks-Beaeh to that dignity. It had been in fact as good as pro mised 1j the Irish Secretary, and he had received the congratulations of some of his friends. One morning the Standard announced in a 'We understand' that he was to be the new First Lord. The Premier had not really made up his mind, and to spite the news j-apers he abruptly decided that Mr. Smith should be the man.' His nomination has bsen well received. Mr. Smith is the Forster of the Tory party. He has had most luck of the young men of his party, and his suasive manner' takes with deputations. From the fact of his being the head of an extensive business it is assumed that he is a first-class business man. He has certainly done well at the Treasury, and for the more laborious work of the Admiralty he has the un deniable qualification of a smooth temper. Mr. Seeley will not be able to ruffle him, and when |Mr. Eeed gets him into a corner he will never be flurried. A few weeks ago, in answer ing a question of Mr. Whalley as to the where abouts of Jean Luie, he spoke of Jean as she, and did not catch the joke at which the House was laughing until Mr. Whalley charitably reminded him of Jean's proper sex. A second and no inconsiderable advantage he will have is the general support of the Press, who, regardless of politics, recognise in him the all-powerful W. A. Smith & Son. Even the Daily News congratulates the Cabinet of Peers and county members on receiving among them a represen tative of trade and of a great city constituency. It wishes that all Lord Beacousfield's theatrical displays had been as commendable on tlieir sober and business side. A SNUB FOE LOED SALTSBUET, It is Lord Salisbury who has had the latest quarrel with the House of Commons, and he has not come out of it with flying colours like the Prime Minister. His Lordship is one of two thousand four hundred proprietors in the metropolis who are to be dispossessed by a new Improvement Act of the Metropolitan Board of Works for opening a new sireet from Oxford street to the Thames Embankment. The Board proposed to follow the usual course — buy the property at a liberal valuation and recoup iteelf out of the new frontages. All the dispossessed proprietors agreed to the Bill on these terms excepting Lord Salisbury's agents. They claimed the frontages as well as the purchase money. A Select Committee of the House of Lords reported against them, but the House of Lords itself amended a clause in the Bill as desired by His Lordship's agents. The Metro politan Board of Works has for its Chairman a stanch ^Conservative, Sir James Hogg. It saw the end of the session approaching, and feared that the improvement would be delayed another year if the amendment were to be con tested. But Mr. Fawcett, who is not a stanch Conservative like Sir James Hogg, ^interfered, and when the amended Bill came down moved that the amendment granting Lord Salisbury his frontages should be struck out. Mr. Just cited a number of precedents for allowing great metropolitan proprietors to eat their cake and keep it. They were, however, not considered good precedents, and the amendment was struck out. The Lords consider that they had done enough for their impetuous colleague in making the amendment. They would not stand by it, and Lord Salisbury lost his frontages. _ He also disappointed his friends by not repudiating the over-zealous act of his agents. THE LATEST CANARD ABOUT MR. GLADSTONE. Mr. Gladstone is being sorely wounded in the House by his quondam friends. I gave you a specimen of hoi7 the Pall Mall Gazette has turned upon him. (His other whilom adviser of the ' largest circulation in the world' is shedding crocodile tears over him most affect ingly. Three days ago it published a second edition with the following telegram from Paris : — ' Most important papers have just been dis covered, showing that Mr. Gladstone has been trying to stir up the GreeL's'against Turkey in defiance of the neutrality of England and hi3 own professions of a desire for peace. About two months ago Mr. Gladstone wrote a letter to a Greek merchant in Constan tinople, urging that the countrymen of the latler should unite with the Slavs in an attack upon the Turks. M. Negroponte replied to the effect that the interests of the Greeks were altogether different to those of the Slavs; that the best policy of Greece was rather to fight the Russians than the Turks ; and that Greece, if she were wise, would remain tranquil. Mr. Gladstone, in answer to this, wrote a second letter, very curtly worded, saying that he had given his opinion, and was astonished to find the Chris tians of the East disinclined to make common cause against the Mussalmans.' Mr. Gladstone was telegraphed to about the authenticity of the disclosure, and replied ' curtly,' as the Telegraph would say, ' My opinions were fully given in the Contemporary Review of last December. I am not aware of havi-jg added to them many better.' The modern Canning has had a back stroke dealt at him by one of his Orange apostates. One would have expected that Mr. William Johnston, M.P., would sympathize a little with him in his pre sent difficulties, but he has denounced him at an Orange meeting in County Antrim. In the course of a long speech Mr. Johnston referred to ' the bloody and cruel war that the late Prime Minister of England had done so much to bring about,' for the Private Secretary of Lord Beaconsfield had assnred him some t;me since that ' peace would not have been broken but for the speeches and pamphlets of Mr. Glad stone;' and he (Mr. Johnston) wondered how he could receive the deputations coming day by day to witness his cutting down trees at Hawarden Castle without thinking of the rivers of red blood that were running in Europe in conse quence of the line of conduct he adopted. FBiVCE. M. Gambetta is driving daily in the Bois de Boulogne smoking Lis cigar, and not looking much alarmed at the prosecution which hangs over him for his little speech. Some hostile papers did him the injustice to spread a report that he had betaken himself to Nice to be out of the nay, but this is false. The summons for him was issued yesterday, and the preliminary examination will commence forthwith. The motion for prosecuting him is ascribed to the Due de Broglie, and the motive is said to be not revenge, but an intention to disqualify M. Gambetta for office. The Government have no longer a ghost of a chance at the elections, aud are preparing for a return of the ge mine Republic, but they cannot stomach the extreme Left. In order to play into the hands of the Left Centre they wish to put M. Gambetta out of the way. There is another rumour that similar steps are to be taken with M. Thiers, in order to disqualify him ; but the Due de Broglie has more than once cut his own fingers by using too sharp weapons of this sort. He is supposed to be playing ngninst the Empire as his immediate object, aud for an ulterior object endeavouring to keep the Republic in such a provisional state as will szive Orleanism a chance when the Comte de Chambord is out of the way. The Marshal has no reason to be gratified at his reception iu Normandy. Several municipalities— Cherbourg among them— declined to vote money for his entertainment, and the addresses pre sented to him had to be read in a corner. Only one speech is officially reported as having been made by him— that at Evreux, in which he spoke of having precipitated an inevitable crisis in order to prevent the abasement of the Executive power. It is said that he has arranged for a tour in the Republican South, where he will beard the Radical lion in his den. THE HOME RULERS. Obstructionist demonstrations are to be the autumn atrocities of the year. 'They commenced in Glasgow, and are being continued according to programme in Ireland. They are dividing the Irish constituencies as they did the Home Kule party in the House of Common. The latter held several conferences at the close of the session. At the first of them Mr. Butt made a vehement attack on the Parnell-Bigg&r; section, ?Hid threatened to retire from the leadership if their proceedings were not formally repudiated. Though a majority of the conference was with Mr. Butt, his proposal was thought too extreme, ar.d he took an indignant leave of his country followers. It was reported that he would resign his seat for Limerick and challenge one of the Obstructives to a test issue, but that intention is now repudiated. A number of the Moderates framed a resolution expressing con 'ulence in his leadership and reprobation of the contumacious section. It was circulated ? pri vately among the Home Rulers, and before the session closed was said to have received over thirty signatures, there being sixty avowed Home Rulers altogether. The Parnell faction deny that the signatures ex ceeded half a dozen. But Mr. Butt's friends retort upon them that they have had another split among themselves. They arranged their opening demonstration at Dublin for the first Sunday after the prorogation ; but it had to be adjourned till the following Tuesday. The Irish Press is as mnch divided as its readers and representatives. The Irish limes declares that the conduct of the Obstructives is not only calculated to bring themselves into disrepute, V-ut gravely to prejudice the interest of Ireland. It is certain that the public sympathy of the country will not be wasted upon them. The Freeman's Journal has the assurance to say that 'Englishmen in their more generous moments will, we are pretty sure, remember with a blush some of the clumsy weapons of personal virulence that were brought to bear to strike down foes, who were at all events few and courageous ones.' From the Ulster Gazette we get a pungent strange execration of Parnell and all his belongings. In congratulating itself on the approaching close of the session it remarks — ' The farce is nearly plnyed out now, and dear knows it is high time the Parnell-Biggar stalls at St. Stephen's were cleared out too. Could any of our leisurely sanitary officials succeed in convincing any metropolitan magistrate that the members in question were public nuisances ? If they could such officials would prove themselves to be public benefactors.' The Irishman beats the drum patriotic, and affects to shed tears over Mr. Butt. Of his spirited' repudiation of ' the Obstructives in the debate on the South African Bill it says : — ' Mr. Butt's denunciation of the Irish members will cause profound pain throughout Ireland. He might hxve acted otherwise th3Ti supporting a Government which has con temptuously trampled under foot every one of his Irish Bills. The latest instance of Govern ment obstruction, the defeat of his University Bill, ought to have taught him to fesl no pity for the Tories, any more than for the ' dignity' of a House which has no sympathy for this country.' A CONCILIATION SHINDY. A day or two after the twenty-six hou's' sitting the Home Rulers held a conference to consider and if necessary rearrange their internal relations. Mr. Delahunty, iu a weak moment, consented to preside, not suspectiug that the gallant ' Seven' would practise upon him the tactics with which they persecute Mr. Speaker. Mr. McCarthy Downing led the atlack on the notorious ' Seven,' whose conduct he politely characterized as nefarious, and their policy as wicked and mischievous. Mr. O'Shaughuessy who is one of the half-and-half men, approved of the conduct of the Obst iu- tionists up to a certain point. Mr. O'Connor Power essayed to answer Mr. McCarthy Downing with strong adjectives, among'which 'why in dis guise' and ' why disruptionis'.' occurred pretty often. Mr. Do.vmug briefly retorted by giving him the lie direct, with the additional informa tion— ' Though I am old enough to be your father, I will give you any satblaction you desire.' Mr. Callan then appeared on the scene, and spoke in the interests of good faith and morality. According to him, Mr. O'Connor Power was guilty of perjury in violating the Fenian oath. The Obstructionists are then re ported to have practised on the meeting the process of physical exhaustion, which had been so successfully applied to themselves, and Mr. Deluhunty, the Chairman, finally left the chair, leaving the Obstructives talking, and to all appearance in possession of the enemy's camp. SCANDALS A3I0NG THE DETECTIVES. The disclosures being made at Bow-street in the preliminary examination of the three de tectives— Meiklejolm, Druscovich, and Palmer —have moved the Treasury to appoint a Com mission to enquire into the general working 0? the detective force. Four gentlemen of legal aud practical experience have been appointed — Sir H. Selwyn Ibbetson, Colonel Fielding, Mr Overend, Q.C., and Mr. J. B. March, Q.C. The convict Kerr, who is -now under sentence for the turf fraud, in which a French lady was swindled out of £10,000, has been taking his revenge on his old friends in the force for having given him up at last. They had screened him for years, and taken a considerable share of his plunder from him. Meiklejo'in in p?rticu!ar had been his tool, introducing' him to othc: de tectives, to magistrates, clerks, and all kinds of people who could be useful to him. Kerr de posed to a long series of transactions, in which he and his accomplices had been in daily communication with Scotland Yard, being ad vised by telegraph of the i3sue of warrants against them, and often succeeding in getting the warrants quashed. When any of the ganj he i to be seized Kerr always had access to them in prison, and whi'e under trial on one occasion he visited Bow-street and made a plan of it for the purpose of attempting a rescue. 1' is believed that he is colouring his nar rative considerably, and some of his state ments have been indignantly denied by the persons pointed at. The case against the de tectives may go on for months, and the Trea sury has adopted the expedient of an official enquiry as the readiest means of ascertaining the actual condition of the force. Not only Scotland Yard, butEdinburgli,Gla^ow, Dublin, and the principal provincial officer havebren reflected upon. The Commission has bf^an its sittings. : THE SPANISH TARIFF. . There has been a commotion in Yorkshire about a new Spanish tariff which came into force on the 1st August. It represent a fiseil com bination which no one but a Spanish Custom house officer could have had time to concoct. The whole list of imp irN h?s been revalued, and the re-valuations fall under three cate gories—reductions, increases, and continuations of the oJd assessment. In the c-°e of reductions only certain countries are admitted to the benefit of them. Those who are excluded include Great Britain, France, and the United States, which are notified that it is done in the way of reprisal. Of course our offence has reference to the differential v/iue duty. That of France's arises, I understand, out of the frontier trade 011 the Pyrenees ; and the United States is being punished on general political grounds. Sir John Waltham, in his report on the new tariff, says that it is distinctly avowed to have a double object — first, that of increasing the revenue of the country, and then that of enabling the Spanish Government to have the power of with holding from certain nations any advantages that might be derived from the benefits of the revision on the ground that those nations do not accord to Spanish commerce the same treatment that they allow to the commerce of the other countries. The late Minisier of Finance referred to Great Britain and France when alluding to two nations which denied to Spain's commerce the 'most-favoured treatments As regards Great Britain, it is contend: 1 that differential duties are imposed on Spanish wines, and that consequently British cannot expect to receive better treatment in Spain The revaluations which have not bren altered remain the same for all nations, and those which have been advanced are ad sauced equally for all. The principal reductions which give Germany and other favoured nations an advan-. tage over us are in silks, woollens, and cotton goods. Surcharges of 1 per cent, on all duties up to 9 per cent, and of 3 per cent, on all over that scale have also been imposed. Lst us hope that some small share of the increased revenue expected will reach the British holder of Spanish bonds. MR. O'DONNELL ON THE SCOTCH MEMBERS. There are a good many Irishmen in the West of Scotland, and as becomes Ribbonrnen they are earnest politicians. They have a sallow faced sort of Scotch Fenian named Ferguson for a leader, and it is said he promises himself at next election a seat among the sirens, For the autumn campaign I believe the sirens have divided themselves in detachments. One is to work up Lancashire and another the West of Scotland, while Messis. Biggar aud Parnell receive their ovation in the 'ould counibry.' Mr. O'Donuell was the delegate sent to Glasgow, and he delivered two harangue'*, one iu the City Hall, the other on the Green. His braggvrt bluster surpassed anything that has ever been heard from Fenian c aclei. ' He displayed less good taste and judgment in attacking the Scotch members m cowards and traitors who had hugged the collar of the watchdog which England had fitted upon them. Englishmen knew they were a con quering race, but they could not subjugate Irishmen. 'Though the Irish fought with them, they could oppress those proud and sturdy foes ; but those Scotch — Ach ! — who could do the be hest of their English oppressors, who could fly at the throats of the Irish wolf dogs, had not the satisfaction of being tyrants iu their cause. They had not even the satisfaction of asserting the Scotch nationality.' Taunting 'Scotland with her material prosperity, he compared her to the woman who consented to be comfortable at the price of her honour. ' If Scotland were content to be kept by her British protector, she need not expect that that fair maiden, who could travel from one end of Ire'and to the other, nor fear thateither beauty or gold could tempt the chival rous sons of Ireland, would consent to accept the same protection. (Cheers.) Scotsmen, they chanted — ' ' Scots wha hae wi Wallace bled, Scots wham Bruce has af ten led.' Good King Robert never led the like of them. (Cheers.) For if he had done so, Bannockburn, instead of being a glorious victory, would have been p shameful rout. (Cheers.) ' ' Scots wha hae wi' Wallace bled !' There was not one of them who would have scratched his finger by Wallace's side, and were Wallnce to come back now and hear them quoting his name, he would spank them with the flat of his claymore.' The Glasgow Green demonstration drew out a mob of ten thousand Irishmen of the lowest Gallowgate rough?, one cheer from whom Mr. ODonnell told them was sweeter to him than all the bows and nods of Her Majesty's Ministers. In anticipation of fine weather, which has been a rare event in Scot laud this summer, a tremendous proces sion Lid been arranged. The favourite emblem was ' the bloody hand.' There w?s an extensive wearing of the green in sashes, neck tie?, arm bands, &c.; The legends on the banners were mostly framed on Mr. O'Donnell's doctrines of ' base conciliation.' One of them called on Irishmen never to forget that it was a foreigner's farm their own little isle. Mr. O'Donnell's speech was a tirade against the Union, which he declared that they had never recognised and would not rest till they had com pelled Parliament to revoke it. In future he would feel himself the representative not only of Galway and Dungarvon, but of the Irish democracy of Glasgow. A deluge of rain drowned out the demonstration. THE BRITISH ASSOCIATION. The Scientists have had a very poor holiday at Plymouth, not half the number of tickets having been sold that there were last year at Glasgow. Plymouth, they complain, is too far west and Devonshire, however beautiful, is not a scientific country. The professional Scientists are net much in the humour for hobnobbing and holiday-making. There have been divers little tiffs ;.inong them since the return of the Challenger expedition. Sir Wyville Morrison, the director, has incurred the lasting displeasure of native entomologists and zoologists by placing most of his specimens ' in the hands of foreigners. The malcontent party are so strong that it was once intended to invoke the notice of Parliament ; but the obstructives may have averted that danger from Sir Wyville's head. I think I have on a former occasion mentioned matters which prove that they do not all love each other. The so-called Burlington House set is regarded as a dog in the manger by the younger men, and it would not be possible now as it was 20 years ago to assemble all the heads of the scientific world under a single roof without danger (0 the chairs. This may account for the sparse attendance of second-rate men at Plymouth. But the amateurs were also scanty, especially the ladies, and I presume we may set that down to the depressing times. The President of the year was Prpfessor Allen Thomson, a distinguished naturalist, though not of the same family as the chief of the Challenger Expedition. The incident of the meeting was the telephone, which went through some very interesting and important performances under the direction of its improver and his friend Sir William Thomson. In the Economical section there was a Malthusian discussion presided over 'by Earl Fortescue, who anticipated Mr. Bradlaugh by many years in this depart ment of society. He does not balieve in the danger of over-population, and he objects strongly to ' checks,' such as suggested in the ' Fruits of Philosophy' as immoral. Mr.Luppen Browne took the sensible view that immigra tion is, for the present at least, superior to repression, and proved that large families gene rally had a stimulating effect on national industry. The conclusion arrived at by the section was that over-population was an evil only heard of in dull times, and which may be trusted to right itself. The Engineers were deeply interested in brake-power— a question which was presented to them by their President (Mr. Woods) as one of the foremost of the day for their profession. There have been many ex periments of late in various parts of the country with new brakes, and it may not be long before the Board of Trade issues an edict on the subject. It has delayed only because of the uncertainty which still prevails as to the most efficient brake. Mr. Morris stated that with the present hand brakes a train running at 45 miles an hour could not be pulled up in less than 1,000 yards, and one running at 60 miles an hour — the usual express speed— in less than 1.700 yards, or, practically, a mile. It had been ascertained in the recent experiments that the least efficient form of continuous break would pull up a train goiDgat 60 miles an hour in less than 1,000 yards— a gain of three-fourths over hand-brakes. The Geographical section was under the presi dency of. Admiral Ommaney, Jthe old Arctic explorer, but there were no live lions of the travelling species. Admiral Ommaney re viewed the history of geographical discovery since it had been adopted by the Association and admitted into the family of sciences. 