THE CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE WORLD. We take the following from the London Sportsman of August 9:— We hope that some arrangement will be arrived at between R. W. Boyd and J. Hig Rins, eo that the proposed retnrn match between them for the championship may not fail through. Oar own opinion is, that though a match can technically be made for the New* castle Challenge Cup, to come off nponany Water of which the trustees of that pries may approve, still a match for the Championship of England ahonld always be rowed upon one "*ed course. If not. then there is always a prospect of disputes. If a Severn man should win the title, he may claim to defend it at " orcester or Tewkesbury ; a Trent scalier may have a preference for his own river, and an Irwell man may ineist that there is no place like Manchester. Some one standard course should be agreed upon; and as the ThameB first took the lead in champion races, and as its champion course is longer and better suited than the Tyne, it can, for these reasons, claim the precedence. If thiB principle which Boyd now seeks to establish shonld _ hold good, we may some day see a champion hailing from the Lea, who, having won his title on the Thames, may refuse to defend it except on the Lea. Boyd may—npon the terms under which he holds the Newcastle Cap—decliae to throw in that trophy nnless it shall be rowed for on the Tyne ; bat the championship of England is an older and more distinct title, and shonld be rowed for npon the regulation water, nnless both competitors agree mutually npon some other coarse. We are the more anxious to see this match come off, and that without delay, in the hope that it may lead to some farther arrangement for eending ont an EngliBh scalier to row Trickett in Australia. We really are ashamed of the apathy with which car rowing men—amateurs and pro fessionals alike—seem to have acquiesced in the tennre of the championship ol the world by our colony. It is not as if we had plainly no chance of regaining the title. Trickett beat Sadler easily, it is true; but other Bcnllers have since then beaten Sadler with even greater ease; and it is now plain (as we eaid after that race) that Sadler was not a ghost of bis former self when he was beaten by Trickett. By collateral form we can easily and without prejudice make ont Boyd, Blackman, and Higgins to be faster scullers than Trickett was in June, '76. He may have improved Bince; but, if he haB not. we have little doubt that any one of these three scnllers could beat him. Under these circumstances we are the more anxiouB that some effort should be made to match one of the three againBt the Australian. If no private patron of rowiDg likes to come forward to bear the expense, as Mr. Pnnch did for Trickett, the burden should be borne by the rowing world generally. But anyhow the money should be forthcoming, and we may state that, if amateurs will but come forward to fioat the scheme, we shall be pre tared to contribute handsomely towards the fund. The coming winter (which will be enmmer in the Antipodes) will be a fitting opportunity for an expedition to Australia. We should be glad if it could be arranged at once that Boyd and Higgins shonld row in November next, on the Thames, and that the winner should go out at public expense, at or before the end of that month, to row Trickett. It neither of these will come forward for the work the field is open for Blackman. Any one of these three is good enough to represent England against Australia in this match; in fact, though Blackman does not hold the English championship, we are not disinclined (o believe that he is the best of the three when all are fit and welL Meantime, with three good stringB to the bow, it is a scandal that we use not one of them. Albert pabk Rowing Clcb —The final heat for the Vice-president's Gup was rowed on Saturday, between Messrs. Foreter and Hall's crews. The race was a very close and exciting one to Obstruction^ Island, where Uall'B No. 2 carried away his rowlock, and the accident, of course, enabled Forster to win as he liked. The winners' names are Messrs. Gore, Simpson, Lemme, and Forster (stroke). Warehousemen's Rowing Clcb —The Be* lection of crews for the aunnal Trial Fours < t the above club, which was unavoidably postponed from last Saturday, will take place at the boat Bheds to-day at 2 p.m. sharp, when all members are requested to attend. The Albert Rowing Clcb.—The ninth annual general meeting of tbfl members of the Albeit Rowing Clnb was held at Young and Jackson's Prince's-bridge Hotel, on Thursday evening. There was a full attend ance, and the report submitted showed the club pioperty to conmBt of two four-oared gigs, one four-oared outrigger, one clinker outrigger pair, one clinker sculling, and two outrigget sculling boats, all in a thorough state of repair. The balance-sheet _ also showed the finances to be in a very satisfac tory condition. The election of office-bearers for the ensuing season resulted ae follows Mr. T. W. Moule, vice-president; Mr. F. Hasler, captain: Mr. J. M. Davis, vice captain ; Mr. D. Beat, secretary; Mr. A. Knigtit, treasurer; committee—Messrs. ir.w. Nttdhem, W. W. Senior, H. Bennett, and W. Kelly. 