NORTH ADELAIDE CONGREGA TIONAL CHURCH. WELCOME TO THE P,EV. OSEIC COPLAND. On Tuesday evening, July 1 <, a very large and must successful gathering took place at the Congregational Chureh, Brougham-place, t6 welcome the Rev.Oarie Copland, on his entering on the pastorate of the Church. Tea was partaken of by 400 er 500 persons in the Lectnre-Hall, which was elegantly decorated with mottoes, banners, festoons of evergreens and flowers, and the word ""Welcome" conspicuously displayed. A public meeting was afterwards held in the1 church, which wis well filled. The Rev. F. W. Cox presided. Apologies for absence were re-' ceived from Captain Bickers, and from the Revs. S. Knight, John Davidson, J. B. Stevenson, E. Masterman, M. M. Whitton, T. Hope, Jas. Lyall, and W. J. Green, of Wuhlara, near Sydney, the latter enclosing a kindly-expressed resolution from the church to which Mr. Cop land formerly ministered. _ The Chaiestan delivered an address vindica ting the orders of the Congregational Chu-ch, and claiming for its ministers validity of ordi nation, and a right to administer the ordinances of the Christian Church. He deprecated any thing like flattering speeches on the occasion, and alluded to it as a solemn as well as a joyful meeting. He closed a brief and an excellent address by quoting St! Paul's advice to Timothy, " Let ho man despise thy youth," &c.;, and gave Mr. Copland the right hand' of wel come. The Senior Deacon (Mr. G. Phillips) read a statement as to the invitation given to Mr.' Copland to the pastorate of the Church, vacant by the removal of the Rev. J. Jefferis to Sydney, and his acceptance. Mr. J. F. Conighave, one of the Deacons, delivered an address of welcome from the Church and Congregation _ He briefly alluded to the circumstances attending the resignation and departure of the Rev. J. Jefferis, and to the subsequent ministrations of the Rev. Osric Copland, and the call given to him by that Church. He believed that call was now approved by the whole congregation. He considered that Mr. Copland's presehce amongst themselves was a practical answer to the statement that the pulpit was losing its power. Without wishing to use flattery he would say that Mr. Copland's pulpit teachings won their way to the hearts of his people, and after a few Sundays he had made an easy con quest. He coold apply to him the words of one of England's poets, and say, " Much impressed himself as conscious of his awful charge, and anxious that his flock should feel it too." On behalf of the Church and congregation he hid Mr. Copland a hearty welcome amongst them, and hoped that their mutual relations might he as pleasing and as profitable as those of their late pastor,'the memory of whose loving mini strations would be ever green in their hearts. (Applause). Mr. G. McEwin spoke a few words of wel come on behalf of the Branch Church at Houghton, and read an address from that con gregation. Mr. T. Fbost, Superintendent of the Sunday schools, offered a welcome to the new pastor on their behalf. Mr. T. W. Habeis, on behalf of the North Adelaide Young Men's Society, spoke of the organization and success of that institution under the presidency of the Rev., Mr. Jefferis. Although to some extent connected with that Church, their Young Men's Society was in no sense sectarian, nor did it acknowledge any priestly domination. Yet they welcomed Mr. Copland as their new President, and believed from his age and his mental habits he would become one of them. That Society had accom plished great good in the past; young men had gone forth from it into the ranks of literature, of commerce, and of politics, not to say of the Municipal Council—(laughter)—and he trusted under their new President it3 success would he as great in the future. (Applause.) The Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., in speaking a welcome on behalf of the city and suburban ministers, alluded to his having known Mr. Cop land longer thanany one else inthecolony. When he was consulted by the Deacons of that Church to help them in getting a supply for their pulpit he felt himself a little in the position of Warwick, the Kingmaker. He asked Mr. Cop land to come over for a month, but he shook his head, as if he were afraid the time might be ex tended, but he pressed him to come, and at last his persuasions prevailed, and he thought he would stay much longer than a month. " He came, they saw, and he conquered." (Laughter.) Mr. Copland had two faults. One was he was not as Btrong as an elephant, and the other he dared not name; " it was not good for a man to be alone"—(laughter)—and he hoped Mr. Cop land would not always be so. He thought they had better have half a man for a time than none at all. (Hear, hear.) He had introduced the Church to him as a bride, perhaps he might by-and-bye have the pleasure of introducing another kind of bride to him. (Laughter, and hear, hear.) He knew he was a man who loved his work, and loved his ,God and his people. He welcomed him as an old iriend and a brother new chum in thecolony. He hoped his health and strength would im prove in the genial climate of South Australia.' (Hear, hear.) They heard of the decay of the power of the pulpit, but he did not believe it, but there was another power working along with that of the pulpit. Their late pastor was mighty in the pulpit, and he was also mighty in the Press. (Hear, hear.) He men tioned an eloquent French preacher, who in the presence of the King on one occasion was preaching about a great sinner. Suddenly looking at His Majesty he said, " Thou art the man," and after the service he spoke to the King, saying he was His Majesty's most humble servant, but, he said, " when I am in the pulpit 1 am the servant of the King of Kings." In con clusion he hoped there would always be unani mity and cordiality of feeling between the Churches, especially between that Church and the one he ministered to. (Applause.) The Bev. L. G. Cabteh, as representative of other denominations, spoke a few kind words of welcome to Mr. Copland. A few weeks ago he met him on a similar occasion in Melbourne, and then he predicted that he would have here as hearty a welcome as was then given to the Bev. Mr. Jones. He had come down from Mount Barker almost on purpose to be present there, and brought kind messages from the friends there. The Bev. M. McK. Dick, as Chairman of the Congregational Union, gave a pleasing address, and spoke of the duties and qualification of a Christian minister, saying that he believed Mr. Copland possessed those qualifications in an eminent degree. On behalf of the Con gregational Union of South Australia he bid him a hearty welcome. The Bev. O. Copland, who was greeted with hearty applause, said it seemed all welcome from the first hour that he set foot in the colony. It certainly was a wet day, but he never felt more sunlight in hiB heart than when he met those few good men who met him opjandiiig, and shook him by the hand, saying r" Fm glad you've come." The very atmosphere of South Australia seemed charged with welcome. They had had a welcome from the hills, which he hoped ere long to go and thank them for. The welcomes he had received that evening he could not respond to adequately for months. He thanked his friend Mr. Carter for his Bap tist friends. He was not a Baptist himself, though he felt as if he belonged'a little to them. (Laughter.) He thanked them all for the kind reception they had given-him.. He would tell them how he came to accept their invitation! He began-to preach at a very early age—17—and recently a friend who heard his first sermon was talking about it, and when .their invitation came to him he felt as if he darednot' refuse, as if, should he do so, he would regret it ever after. He felt he must come, and that he could say—""Woe is me i| I pi$ach not the 1 Gospel." They had a-fair specimen of^ what he was/during the few Sundays he occupied that ' platform, and "after that 'they - invited- him. They knew he was not robust or strong;. yet they asked him to come; he beliexed they wanted him, and he consented. Iu his preach ing he would endeavor to speak plainly, and tor preach Jeans Christ and Him crucified. What he might call the foundation-stones of his theo logy were two. One was deep in the hupiau. mind—Bin, and the other was deep in. the Divine nature—love. He would endeavor by preaching the love, of God to win the sinner' from his sin. He felt it an honor to be called to take the oversight of such a Church as that, and as long as he could be of use, as long as his preaching was blessed for good, but when that ceased he would gladly retire to some little place in the hills. When he went .to say good bye to the Rev.'Mr. Jones, in Melbo-rro,; he saidtohim, "My brother it is not euoL^ii. to preach the Gospel, preach the genius of "the Gospel." _ He hoped he would always remerhbbr that advice, and that he might Work success fully in the atmosphere of'their love'and their prayers. He hoped their prayer meet ings would be well attended, and that there they would kindle a fire which ahouldkeep the Church always warm. He hoped he should win the love of the old man and of the little child, and turn their hearts to the loveiof. One who loved them and laid down His life for them. (Applause.) The meeting was closed by the singing of a hymn and the pronouncing of the benediction. The choir performed some anthems very effec tively under the able leadership of Mr. J. W. Daniel. Visitors to the Theatre Royal on Tuesday evening were treated to a very dnbionsfragrance which arose in-Hindley-street during one of the intervals. The smell, which might possibly bo of some service to a doctor with a small prac tice, but was otherwise of no use to the com munity, sprang from- a quantity of fetid liquid sent down the watertable from the Exchange Hotel. Surely suoh a nuisance should not have been allowed to exist for one moment in apnblic thoroughfare, at a time when so many people were in the street. Mr. Emmet, as Fritz, delighted a large audience .at' the Theatre Royal on> Tuesday evening. In the dress circle there-was only a sprinkling,- but all other parts of the house were crowded to overflowing,-a large number.of persons having to stand. This fact will spealc more loudly in praise of- Mr. Emmefs- attrac tions than any comments which might be made by us. As the honest, true-hearted Fritz, his powerful, natural acting, pleasing songs, and dances told on the audience with great effect, and from the laughter andapplkuse which were frequent throughout the evening it was evident that the performance was thoroughly enjoyed. Mr. Emmet always succeeds in amusing an audience. A peculiar charm of manner at once places him eti rapport with them, and the- inte rest he first creates he skilfully maintains to the last. "Fritz" has no-intrinsic merit as a play, but the talented acting of Mr. Emmet infuses a purposeandameaning intoitwhiohmakesit very enjoyable, as was abundantly shown on Tuesday evening. To-night the same performance will be repeated. On Tuesday , evening, July 17, the play entitled "A Living Statue" was performed at White's Rooms by the Majeroni company. The drama is a translation of an Italian one which gained a gold medal at Milan, since which time it has been performed at different places with unvarying success.. The prologue opens with a chamber of death. Ginla (Signora Majeroni), the loved one of Octavian Grant (Signor Maje roni), lies dying. Theutmost skill of the doctor (Mr. Martin Forde) is unable to prevent the severance of the silver chord. Ginla dies, and is buried in the cemetery of St. Elmo. Oc tavian Grant declares to his friend Lncian David, a counsellor (Mr. H. A. Douglas) that it is his intention to leave Italy for America, and places in Lucian's hands his will and other papers. Two years are supposed to elapse be tween the prologue and the first act of the play, which opens with a masked boll at the Refresh ment-room, La Scala Theatre, Milan. Pelago Andriani (Mr. J. Dunn) has followed a masked beauty, Noemi Keller (Signora Majeroni), but she rejects him for Lucian. A man called the "Living Ghost" is introduced by Lncian to the festive company as Count Paul of St. Rosa (Signor Majeroni). After submitting to Some badinage from the assembled company, he drinks a toast" To Death." The masked figure starts up beside him and drinks "To Life." The. Count starts back in surprise at the tones, they are - so like those of one he had loBt. He is told[ .that the owner of the voice is only the principal ballet dancer of the theatre. He ana Lncian retire for a few moments, and at the breaking up of the company Lucian, on behalf of the Count, makes certain proposals to Noemi Keller, amongst others, that she should occupy certain mean apartments, dress in white satin, and allow the Count to visit and gaze on her as a statue. The second act con tains a conversation between Noemi Keller, she living statue, and Lncian as to the Count's peculiar whim. She is told that the Count met a humble seamstress and loved her. Fearfnl that she might marry him for his money and position,he changed his name toOctavian Grant. Before he could marrv her she died. At this juncture the subject of conversation himself comes in. HereaaBtp Koemi a letter that he had received from a friend telling him of a young woman in many respects like his lost Giula. He determined to leave America to get a glimpse at her ahd then to return. Daily he went to the cemetery of 'St. Elmo,-and placed a wreath upon the little wooden cross that stood at the head of a small grave. The third act introduces Pelago Andriani remonstrating with Noemi for the ridiculous position she had placed herself in with regard to her friends in thus indulging the whim of one reported to he mad. The Count then appears upon the scene and Noemi asks him if there has been any change in his feelings towards her? The gloomy Count answers "None." Again the question is put—"Will there be a change in his feeling towards her?" The same reply is repeated—"None." .The hour for his departure has struck, but Noemi will not per mit him to go until die has demanded from him the restoration of her peace of mind and hap piness. The next two acts'describe the develop ing of Noemi's love and the gradual evolving of a reciprocal emotion in the bosom of Count Paul of St Boss, and the curtain falls upon a scene which bids fan- to end in the usual way— the tried ones getting married and living happily ever afterwards. As regards the performance of the play, Signers Majeroni shone with unusual brilliancy. The scene in the chamber, of death was painfully realistic. The gradual change from the thoughtless, merry heart-whole ballet dancer to the woman conscious of her love for a man who returned it not, was a triumph of dramatic art. Signor Majeroni,'although he had a part to perform that was not calculated to draw the sympathies and admiration of the audience to .himself, was nevertheless very effective. The Signor and Signora received several recalls and floral com pliments. They were well supported by the other members of the troupe, although from the character of the piece performed the atten tion of the audience was engrossed by. the two principal personages. There was a very good house. To-night Signor ,Majeroni will take his farewell benefit, when the' historical drama of " Faith and Friendship" will be presented under Vice-regal patronage. ' 