CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD. The Synod of the Church of England in the diocese of Adelaide commenced its annual session on Tuesday, May 1st. The proceedings were opened with divine service at St. Peter's Cathedral, His liord?liip Bishop Short offi •dataog, Assisted by the Very Eev. Dean Russell and Che Yen. Archdeacon Marryat. There was a'laige attendance of clergy and lay representa tives. At the close of the communion service the Bishop delivered bis pastoral address as follows: — Dear Brethren —It would be to anticipate "the rest which remaineth for the people of God " if Ohrisf s Church militant here on earth or any of its portions permanently enjoyed that state of peace which followed on the departure of the con-verted Paul from Jerusalem to his own city of Tarsus. The storm which burst on the Church in the martyrdom of Stephen had subsided. "Then had the Churches peace throughout all Judea and Galilee and Samaria." Being built up and v walking in the fear of the Lord and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost they were multiplied." But this peaceful state was not of long duration. The adherents of the law and lovers of the righteousness of forma, so com patible with inward corruption, could not but bate the purer spirituality of evangelic worship. Again and again, therefore, the "Jews took counsel to kill Paul," because he preached '?justification by faith in Christ," and " Him crnrified," not" the works of the law." On the other hand the Imperial idolatry of Itame would brook no interference with the State pantheon, but punished as treason the refusal of a Christian soldier to own by wearing a garland on his head the divinity of the Caesars. Under such a condition of the civilised world there was no lest for the disciples of a religion which insisted on the exclusive worship of " one God" (of whom are all things), through one Lord Jesus Christ, the only mediator between (Sod and The lapse of ages has not altered the spirit or character of the oarnal mind. "Who can bring a clean thin? O ui of an unclean," and thus the enmity against God and His holy law is ever fresh* in every child born into the world. * The flesh lusteth against the Spirit f and in this contention between the spirit of truth and the spirit of evil the normal condition of the Church mast be one of unrest. In necessary contact with the world, and engaged in combat ing its carnal affections, we must expect " the contradiction of sinners." We must be con versant with troubles which our social relations necessarily involve. We cannot "go out of the world f and though, like oar divine Master, we must be " not of the word," yet, mixing with its concerns, we mast through the grace of God keep ourselves from the evil of them. I cannot then in this assembly, representing as it does both the clerical and secular sides of the Church, dwell exclusively on the inward and spiritual work which we trust is going on amongst us—that vital religion which is the saving of the soul. I must also deal with ques tions affecting the external relations of the Diocese, not only to the civil power, but to other communities of Christians; and especially the branches of our Church united in the General Synod of the Australian Province. The special circumstances of the Diocese will form the subject of my report to Synod. The late General Synod then claims your consideration in the first place. The second of this body was looked forward to by the clergy and laity with much interest, and not without some apprehension. It was known that the action of the Church Assembly at Melbourne in creating that Diocese into a Province and appointing the Bishop to become its Metropolitan, had met with decided opposi tion from the Bishop of Sydney, who claimed under his letters patent to be Metropolitan of Australia and Tasmania. In teeth of the judgment of the Privy Council in Long v. Cape Town, the Bishop of Sydney, acting on the opinion of Jjord Bomilly, de murred to the action of the Church Assembly in Victoria. He considered it to foe an invasion j of his Metropolitan authority over the whole I former diocese of Melbourne, and declined to-I abandon his chum. He was nevertheless will ing, with the consent of the Crown and Arch bishop of Canterbury, to resign that portion of his province. After much discussion the Arch bishop of Canterbury consented to refer that question to bis legal adviser," the Official Prin cipal.*' IheanEwercommunicated to the Bishop, ana received since the close of the General Synod, was to the effect that he could not resign an authority which had no legal existence—the original grant by letters patent being ultra vtrts. Another qaettion of considerable importance connected with the metropolitical authority was this. n Whether a right of veto on the *onseeiw> tion of a Bishop remained with the Primate after he had received from the other Bishops the confirmation of the person- do!/ elected to a vacant see. That he should^have the right of veto before submitting any same to the Episcopal College might possibly be a power not without advantage to the Church, I though not contemplated in conclusion' No. Uj of the Conference of Metropolitan Bishops in -1868. But that he should set at naught, after 1 having consulted his brethren, their deliberate decision, is surely not consistent with Christian humility, brotherly love, or sound sense. This question was unhappily left undecided in con sequence pf anapparent determination prevail ing inSyatey toAttain the Metropolitan letters patent jurisdiction at connected with that See. ? Bat the primacy of the present Bishop must ceoe^lu?d^ae, A third qnestioiL VU^ roles for the formation . of new "dioceses hi' Australia and Tasmania," was earned to a stufcessral issue, and I have now to place this determination before you for your consideration Sad I trust approval. . The nmaSiA^g business was merely formal. First—Benutttng to toe Bouse of Bishops the framing of roles tif' prooednre for the trial of Bishops, in p%is?ance of Determination No. t, Clause S, of the General Synod of 1872. Secondly, the approval by the Synod of the Im perial Act of Uniformity Amendments Act. That the session shoolS present such meagre results aught l?ve been prognosticated from the first, when the letters Patent Mefeopolitical •Jurisdiction over all Australia and Tasmania ?was asserted by the Bishop of Sydney to be, so Jar as the Diocese of Sydney was concerned, an insuperable obstacle to any action implying the. freedom of tbe Colonial Dioceses from State Considfffi?g, however, fine widespread vlolo ?ual Empire of Great Britain, embracing every ?variety ef climate and soil sad of thehuman race under heaven^ it is unnatural that the Caleokd Chsichee aboald lie strictly Wed spin ' their mode of warship by the supremacy of the <Crown>nd Act? of ate British Parliament rega lating the Chorea of England and its endow ments. Happily, I believe, for ita vitality and efficiency, tbe Ghnreh in colonies wHch possess ' independent Legislatures has been <tedared to \ be not by law established, go far as legal j authority conveyed by letters patent is con <wned,theMetropolitanateof Sydney over the Dioceses of Australia and Tasmania never bad, and therefore cannot have, any existence. j The conviction, indeed, that such was the true state of the law led in the first General Synod to the eetablishme?t of the Primacy, the authority of which rests necessarily upon com indeed, to view tbe erection of the See of Sydney, and ite subsequent division into dio- j ceses, as the act of the Church itself inde pendent of the State. In pursuance of this, theory the See of Canterbury has lately assumed patriarchal powers. An oath of obedience to ? die See of Caterburyhas been exacted of late from the Bishops consecrated in England for the Anstaralian Dioceses, and that without the assent of the Churches over which (bey are to preside. The Act also of the Church Assembly of Vic toria, appointing tbe Biahop of Melbourne Metro-, potitan Has been repudiated by the Bishop of Sydney, as interfering with his metro-political rights, legal or ecclesiastical. Such are some of the difficulties which connection of these dioceses with aje?rtablished Church of England j as integral parts of it would introdooe; .binding i as to rigid uniformity and compliance with ite | rubrics, as well as to whatever should emanate hereafter from the Houses of Convocation of Canterbury and York, when sanctioned by Par liament, although the Colonial Churches have no voice or representative in either the one body or the other. It may be asked, perhaps, if each colony when grouped into dioceses is to have ite own Metropolitan and become a separate province, how is union and uniformity in docteine and worship to be preserved throughout the Aus- , faalian and other provinces of tbe Anglioan Churches? With a common liturgy, common formularies of faith* a common Bible, and com mon spirit of loyalty to the -mother Church, there is little reason to fear Oat the Church in Australia or elsewhere will diverge from "the old paths." The constraining force of legal jurisdiction granted by the Crown has indeed ceased. Iteannot be replaced by an oath of " due obedience" and reverence to the See of Canterbury, imposed on the Bishops of Australian Sees without the know ledgeoraasentofthevarioaspiOTincialOhorche? j themselves. And who is to determine what is due or what canonical in their obligation? In the late General Synod the authority of the Nicene Canon was quoted, relating to the then metro political cities of the Boman Empire.and it was ' Argued that therefore the civil division of the j British-Colonial Empire should be strictly fol lowed in the erection of provinces and the seat of Metropolitans. It is obvious to reply that Sydney is not the metropolis of Australia. The Other colonies are equally autonomous. Accor dingly the office of Primate was made personal, and not tied to any one city as the metropolis of all Australia and Tasmania. Moreover, the subordination of the Australian Metropolitans, first to their own Primate, and secondly to the quasi Patriarch of Canterbury, is a matter at any rate for compact, and not of civil or eccle siastical decree. The legal claims of tbe Bishop of Sydney having now failed, the time is come for Readjustment of these relations. Had the See of Melbourne been filled at an earlier period the Synod would probably have been convened at Melbournej and local feeliag might possibly have leas obstructed the dis cussions. The real question, however, involved, lies deeper. "What is the connection between the branches of the Catholic and Apostolic Church, and what the due subordination of the several Sees." While the Church of Borne claims for its chief pastor the right to give law to the Oily of Borne and to the world tarbi et orU, the various Churches of the East and "West, reformed or otherwise, simply regard the Bishop of that See as one of the College of Bishops of the Uni versal Church, "primiif in point of precedency, but inter pares as regards Episcopal authority. England's national independence of the Papacy and it? reformed State Church emphasise fids principle of Episcopal equality. To a general Synod of the Universal Church alone belongs the power of framing Canons (for against it "the gates of hell cannot prevail") morally binding on all Christians. Of course each Canons can have no legal force in any country without the consent of the civil power. The reformation of the Church in England pro ceeded on this principle; and in that fierce struggle for religious freedom both in matters of doctrine and of Church government it may be that the civil power encroached somewhat on the spiritual liberty of the Church. The appeal from the Bishop's Court in all ecclesias tical cases, many of which were of a mixed spiritual and temporal character, was transferred from do Pope to the Crown. For more than 300 yean this has been the admitted status of the Anglican Church. The Act 24 Henry Vm, c 12, AX). 1532, made the Upper House of Convocation the final Court of Appeal " But 25 Henry YITT., c. 19, and Elizabeth, c. 1, were Acts for restraint of appeals to the See of Borne, and the submission of the Clergy, and the appointment of Court of Delegates in the High Court of Chancery." In 1832 the powers of the Court of Delegates was transferred by 2 and 3 William IV., c. 92, to His Majesty in Council. Hence the Judicial Court of Privy Council, of which all Bishops, that is, being Privy Councillors, were made members by the Church Discipline Act of 3 and 4 Victoria, c 86. This again has been superseded, as the final Court of Appeal by Her Majesty's "High Court of Justice," which came into operation in November, 1875, in which the Bishops sit not as Judges bat as Assessors. Under this system of law every clergyman of the Church of England has placed him?jf by accepting any benefice in the Established Church, and it was for resistance to the proce dure of this Court, "acting by authority of Par liament," that the Bey. A. Tooth, of Hatcham, was lately suffering HBpritwMMmt, In eonsciefi*' tions resistance, as fie believes, to a Court pas' scaring no "spiritualjuri?dietion" over "rites and ceremonies of ttwOhureh, he ignores-tha* decree of the Judge of tbe Court of Arches." To inhibit a priest, " a Bacm,7t^, the performance of his spiritual office, is not the proper right- of a ky Court; but that is not a fall statement of the case. He is inhibited-from using in tbe ahureh at Hatcham "rites and ceremonies'* : held to be unlawful according to the legal in-, terpretatipn of the. fiubrio* of the Book o£ \- Common Prayer enacted by authority pf Parfia— ment. It is a question of violation of trust in the use of national ecclesiastical property. Such, i mixed questions, in which the laity are deeply. ' interested, are rightly cognisable in Courta ; ecclesiastical instituted by the civil power. There are purely spiritual questions of which bishops are the judges by Divine appointment It is late, tt'^'mvl, in her history for the Church of England to affect absolute inde pendence of State tribunals in such mixed questions of property and """""renal. In purely spiritual matters, no doubt, such as doctrine, discipline, and rites or offices, the • \- Church of Christ is entitled to perfect freedom. But the Anf^irxn Invar.}, having mere than" three centuries ago accepted State establish . ment and the support of law, cannot eonau- - teatiy object to the " authority of Parliament' ?by whiekthe veryEnbric was estaUnhedjtiie f legal interpretation <if which is sow .iitpviedi ?by Mr. Tooth. By propounding tills, new I-, must not be supposed to argue that the Bishops" and clergy should not be -consulted in their Con-. . vooatio?s before Acts of Parliament affecting, . divine worship and Ecclesiastical discipline ace ?•? passed. Ontiie other band, Ido not think that individual clergymen who introduce innova tions in the received Bttual of oar Church oa thei? own judgment in teeth of tile derisions of the highest Ecclesiastical Courts, and their re . fusing to obey constituted authority, will com-.. mandthe sympathy of the great body of the: clergy and ikity of onr Church. B is unfortunate at a period when the whole. ,rmnd and energy of. t£e Church should be directed tothe defence and propagation of the faith, ire axe compelled to &£k afresh whioh ace jtfife first principles of Qhurch orgaouatioa,. apostolic and scriptural,? Hot only jrith re ference to its numenms and widely-spread branches must that question be resolved, but. also the relation in which they stand towards Christian bodies who in the appointment of their ministry and other important matters,, have severed their connection frotn the tradi- tionaiy Catholic role. The question is daily forced on our attention—Who are "lawfully called and sent ministers info the liord's vine yard "awarding to the principles laid downing ear formularies? In our Ember Week prayers weaffirmthat"DmneProvidence has appointed: divers orders in the Church. 9 In the preface to the Ordinal we learn what these orders arej. and in the 23rd Article we assert flat none others can "lawfully take upon themselves ihe administration of the Word and Sacraments." Here in South Australia, bound as- tb* finfrKrxn clergy an by these solemn flftlma tions, they are accused of invading the liberty of the Christian ministry, violating Christian.. brotherhood, intolerant isolation from accredited, ministers ; because adhering to the plain-princi ples of the Church of England they o&nnot; consistently recognise as duly called and sent, those simply elected by their people and accord ingly designated pastors of particular congrega tions. It is not s question of personal qualification. We freely admit the eminence of some and the excellence of others; but still the question: remains behind, " How were they called andby . whom sent." The ministry of oar Obnran undoubtedly claims to stand on. a. higher txa ditionary basis. It claims to exercise an authority to preach and administer the saora | ments derived through successive ages link by I link from the Apostles or Apostolic meo, wbo succeeded them in their "imHmnj * po*rers as rulers of the Church, Catholic and Apostolic. . The preface to the Ordinal is the Book of Common Prayer makes this evident, for the Ordinal was expressly confirmed in 1562 by the ~ 36 th Article, and enforced by Act of Parliament in 1566. It was again confirmed in 1571, and subsequently to the Bestaration it was made law, aj>. 1662 by the Act of Uniformity. The question of course remains whether the principles here af?rmfH are Scriptural and Apostolic; but ministers of the Chnrcn of England, believing them to be so, have been "called and sent" under these declarations. It is difficult then to see the justice or charity, of designating them an intolerant sad domi neering priesthood, "forging fetters on Christian liberty," and "inimical to Christian brotherhood." If the on which they profess to act-are umcriplural denounce them if yon please; demand, as 'you have a right, that every one whom an orthodox body of fellow Christians hold to be their duly 'appointed-minister shall be treated with the personal respect due to his office; but neither the both nor the practice of the Apostolic age must be sacrificed to complaisance* Let every one be fully persuaded in his own mind; for whatsoever is not of faith is sin. IntheCihurchofScoUaadanApostoUo?lsucoa? sion has been carried on, although, it be through, the Order of Presbyters. In the Methodist bodies the link has been broken, and the present - ministry derive no antharrtyfroffi at through the Orders of the Bey. John Wesley or bis epis copally-ordained fellow-workers. lake the Congregationalistsand other Protestant bodies, the congregation, through the agency of the Coiferenee, exercises the right of ordaining ministers. Wesley himself indeed originated an Episcopate for America with no better right to do so than than the Conference to ordain ministers. On this point the Church of England mart of necessity be isolated from other Protestant; bodies, and her ministers cannot fairly be charged with sectarianism by those who, hav ing first separated themselves from the Anglo- Catholic Chxtrch, now seek to overthrow her walls by shouting mightily. I will admit at once -that so far from taking a Pharisaic pride in this isolation, it is.l believe, painful to every clergyman with a Christian heart. Nothing short of -a f?n?^gn tious conviction that we are following the Apostolic practice and Catholic tradition, and, above all, the Scriptural teaching of St. Paul's Pastoral Epistles, that makes us, in spite alt obloquy, cling to this historic rnle of Episcopal ordination. As I read my Bible and Churcbb History, I find that Paul and Barnabas ordained v elders," not the * saints, 9 or " disciples."' For this purpose, too, Titos was left by St. Paul in Crete "to ordain elders in every city"—{Titus, l.iy.) It is difficult, then, to see how, because we hold the tradition which St. Paul delivered, we are infringing on the "liberty" of other Christians to do without Apostolic orders. We hinder them not; but when they require ns to accept their self-assumed authority it is really an infringement of our liberty "to hold fast" the custom of the Churches from the Apostolic age. Nor does an apostolically-derived authority assart or imply the possession of any super natural powers. The Sacraments, we aay, are "generally necessary to salvation,'' but no Anglican clergyman would affirm that without them none canbe saved. The malefactor on the Cross though not baptised was admitted to Paradise; nevertheless, ,a Hie that believeth and is baptized shall be saved 0 stands fast as the rnle; nor will we despise Apostolic authority :. given to administer the ordinances of Christ. I In my address last year I endeavored to show how the regular organization vrf the Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church by the Apostles, with its divinely- instituted Sacraments and ap pointed ministry, served to substantiate the facts on which the Gospel is founded, viz, our Lord's death and resurrection, His ascension, the coming of the Holy Ghost; and to authenticate ' also the New Testament Scriptures as well as preserve them. In cleaving, then, to an Apostolieally-insti iuted ministry, the Anglican clergy believe that they are securing the best external evi dence to the Scriptures and doctrine of Christ, m, the contemporaneous and unbroken testi njony of the living ohorch to the groand facto of the faith. IHI •• •?• wia? aa aa4a>aai'th?Jiarigi ?al?a saaitoa the aagar atChitaHaa ?saa.bt y? *aa aw immaJiT tte oa*warka of the ?at — thy ?MB£rwta ihhVfagne of Srirt^trrrtj^^ MavX "aw s?tta*sl Mk l|Bm?t ?a it with ?a f bs* to asaasr the aaaar of t%* Oharcfa, aaae- iif / Ij , ?waSitoar the caanaof ?st. a? tor as lam aaan. baa ft ted to ?M -^g-*# _* _ - _ B _j i v - -_ m-M ?JI -*- g% a ? ? ? fflPHMmamlflC ataVafmsmmTamTOa sfffll ?? mmffW affXlVnfAl a*£piaa*m?£aan t?ias^'waea'he woald liiiliiiMiiWj mam intiillii 111 ill i 1 if (gaaam?aaatl The WT|j nl 011 ril jfr the 4a^Hm*aaaMlia^Eka?ia? > kaV?mmam? fram that mafar Ommmi aay iilllmii aaat napassaate afi 11 ,lbi ?l aat at aa. As the mm.mmUmiW?immfSkammmimi?npattai to has* aaal—-Tear tohte! I thaaght a was m?l?*V" tk a aai??t aad to think Oat the -ona lamay < wls^ a ?*? syaaVal of sm%y. sbooM be ri T Hiiaitlii? aa* aVaht aeons palpU *E*,h+* Oa? hsaaaaaifart ?aa4aWto aatmaa ?aaT-saafcaasj' and • silf ssllsssiiii | V?ifc -—^^mav^^ __ t_ *^BMBBmtssml *—* afaTasssl satfaftmVVVs?H?l I ?aaaaaMy.*The | itafir aamfat fc sartotoly faa aW aatiaaaV ao? raWof the eaag?amttaa ifHtent aaaaaiaiM, ?a amy iajt aa to to g-i fcsaa"lilssHi i i im^i/aaJaantots ttnT* Maamss?a f waJttai gaHamfy m?t? aW oammsmmmmmmmt mmt mmmi tammsfafj mmV^smtmmVAl smmml mssssl mmls?Va fj??Msammm> VXB mmmflsl ??90am aYsfifw amtfrnflssi Qsf?M ?) sa?s?iiwMa at O? CamMaVa iFtein to a ?ma?msn???m?i *ABBmVmA asBBBBBBVaBsI t^ aKafMVaW??^fisml abaft mmi ammslMMr* aa? ?na Is aa the LeroTW aide ?til iTIj T 1 'i '^ ManUN jm?\ 'way amyjajriat b,!?? rli r withuiil S^StkTg-a^-t^j^gZdjg (ma) baas; baat ssCcgaacd saatoat last aaval fa^aama of Whmto wjthoat taai IfITH itHnl hiirtiiiffciHiVaTta? saaad •• the old aa?aaaaaaataWCashsl?ia?d Aamtett* Ctenh: the l—imllw huh of the gh-X^. a^aamammLaa amT Bmnaa s??kamam?: ?mat ammMmm Wmf ?*aW?fmf*mmnTaWJl ml fMmV amlaWmW faWS ?MmTtamV Ta*?\raaat??t?mui*tSfuau ?ftm.Ohaxafa samaaSTsMs itwat, Ha fiaamip the Bassop | rif g JBgyrayortts rail waa ea?aj n> wnasavad the! of the' fittowfa^ vmrnsMmmt 4Vam# lm^mmmmmmVaffS 7~~ TAf^k?a? i?T^sas?a??m?*- Ji.^fttaaar Baaaassass?aaa?^mK JPBaT XgrnmTWy. ?mWmW?r"*?mW. Am^sm?TfafflQa? BrtA/HMBTV. GOffATtV W. A-OalaflsmtlMal, *?fc* aaWWaVMrnV mW W • Wa^aafamtaVMHfS* rteteabaiti.gSorth Adateaa^-Vea. !Anh- I ?hiju'm I ,asaas sV tkafcrnaad J. *" ?*• lf?-> faaMdi Miiiii L.Q. Madhy, ?a4.\faaffH .iifaaaih Ttej Tory Bw. Daaa ?k. ImaTa, Bat A<tetetd?—Ber. S. Greea, Pjaaaa. A. Jaaaa, asat H. H Thmaaa. ??.JtesaVAdsteMi ?*??. F.?.Paote,MJU lam H. Saatt, O. Wchntodt, F. H. Carter, aalJ.(t. BaaaO. aa, 'aMta^a^M^h Tiria^nl a*., ar ?> |Bk> SBSHBHR% OWWH bvW* . W . J9? atessaaav Baaaa. J. B. MoaUaa -~* C. B. MM fctahi'. fTaamaiih Eai H. M. PaHttt ?mi Mfc aV. Vafter. k m Isaamam^^aaMate-lir. O. A.Ooaaor. fc tk AalnwV V^i^nc-Yea. AxahdaaMa "fffi^S-m-S-iSr. ?. J-ki-V Bk^^^k ? M^jg —j a waf B^HM^i?a. Bk QaaaaX Veodfeeaa—Bev. A. Bvaaaar aas\Bk.aLl>.CTnltiilia BL MissiilV, Mllils— Bar. Heary Bead, MM, Baa. K. Olmam aad J. WiOia?S. 8k BBaamV <Ha> OamaH sTbv. V. H. BteaK?amm.!. B. WHss aad J. K. Taylor. taTamtyX H.th .as I, aad Cmratekmcb, Cnbljmm BSi-**w. J.BaahaaiMr. B.H. T'|kktorX fflawbtw. Thomas Field, ?a?at.lW?aiat?^Ja?aa^l>oadaam- Bar. B. aCB?r aad Mr. JF, G. Bobaas. ?t JammV?kiiatna, Chi ???????)., Mooat msmstmmmT msssml X VBrnmsmssKamV Smm?m?samsmms?'^—ftsVV* J W. Oawa ?d Mr. B. A%ar. Bk OasaaX Cteater—Saw. Oaam Clnomba, ?BaV?aaaa.T. O. Jaaaa aad 1. Tharatey. riteteabaih.Taiiiaibi ITn J. M. Itoaald — alaaii TT Itsiliia sail TT r rmill WL Maqit.asi-BaMap ? Bar. H. Haaim, and Bmaaa7ife>ate?lytha?dF.A.CtaaaM Be. JaiaX Part BBtet-Bar. B. T.Howall, MLA,aadMcH.n e U. Bk Joha'a, Moaat WaaH tin. S. W. lTillw (Pmma>,aadMfcW.B.Moon. rtesilalmil fambiaHa tin J.F.Hoeter, BJU?mi ??>?. H. K. Hnghes aad F. Hal aEtateteaeh, Taakaiilte-BaT. C. W. Mom, BJL in BBteiyMaaato Bev^J. H. Oafvaa,B-A. ?KZMnL Uyaie. ?VJaa?asXCtmhm? Ber.J.fTmsihliai.aal Mr. J. Lard. WL MiisaiN. Bangana-Bcr. B. B.Webb. BLA. ?KBtwiiii.OmM-BaT. B.B.Webb,M^, aa4Kr.J.HoBe. Bt.JmmX faamni Bai.a W.Hawk??,?nd ?ti.r<bmm rlifiHw ' failsa >!.. C.G. Tap Ha. Baby BaaagaihmAOaalsa Mr.O.B.PaMoh;. ?Oam^lliWstoa Mi.H.Paatoa. Tha lalhOTms; ateary atea hold the baaaoe of the ambaav aad an oa thaasai—Bor. Csaaa lajt;MJk;Ba?.F.Wlllaaa,Ma Bev.W.H. Bbarfv MM, Bar. R. J. Pvla, BLA^Ber. A. M^XL, Bot.B. Tiattig. Baw. A. Daady. DJDt *ht Ml—lsm ma 'mmmTtr the Ber. 8. Caaa, aaaamsTbyDaa? Baae?. sad carried: —•That Mil If |i Oater Kb. M be tepatled, ?al Hi hliatei latilwatnl 'liluT "urn aaatom sha? aaasaat of *va asomaara, aakas by te?saat?yaad.aadaWaUeUetodbya^iaa tfsav of m aaa aasaa titoa the aaasbar nqabrej ?B?aaaaaaai, bybanot;aa>d iaall eases the •aaart to act at th* Bams aemmatod ha fcst ?btobaaL *n saah. Oaaaatltom shall be te atoM to nport eithar to Syamt ar to the The fcOawteg jrarltmwi ware appoiatedt— Xh* Tary Ba7 Dmb Baaril, the Aich ?iiiin Waiijil.aT. CB.Toaac.MrK Myth, MJ>^aad?£By. aValt. Tha aSirtaf Sja^Cbam^ba'^iad^aMtsa? to the *r-* that AB asJaasf. Ifialwai sh. St. BtTXaWs. Mbbbs Ptoaaatk had each retained torn a—baa to Sy?od, aad awn of oatafca ?Wl ?to awaal ftyiiTliaiia coald only head m??M?smmsmf samT m^n?Tms?ffl a?sf B*"BHm4 • MMwSasV ?ateriwhte that tfaa tl fin il' Taatry shoaldaltowaay?l??r? ttea hi mt.imlw- aaniMliltua wattW iaaa?aa??am?|*aismaij saatetoayaad, and mavtsMto7sa>msdsias>ed. Baae ngolatk* ?JsaJtomaaKaaliaraaraii mNliia aeo? ?ataaft, vftm wsaaet to m> awaiahmi of Gaaammar wSkm'MA km hlthsrtobeea ?aktei, ar totaiax part of m aaited Bariah. Sckgata pasaat apnaatoi agaiaat Oa Con stttOCni npQCth M Mi ?OMBIB WO n6BRO& to the MbtiM Oaanalttee. m BUBor >B MOOWUr nrOBT. Kb loooir mad the CaUnwiac report upon tfaeetafeafthaDsMeae:— Ia m ?apart la* mar I reaaarfced thai under the votanta^sya?m'withont help froaa 1 with ovf* local iwMi wvdd bsw?VHi wlft<|nita hi—wilj thiasUHiH Bisjnlathai with minis terial servkea. AstiaMbasgoae oatfaepopo. latica, by sibjcttoa ?f bad, hasbeeosae more ilsnnmil. llmi ili?sialli tin in i mill White MaiJuimwitt acaatr mm (Cor the most nartj aw, ?wtfatfco—tirfta^w.lwMMg msalj iifciiass fin Iliii Minimi if ? i7u7?l i m Mjaaiaa bai?&a; a, Blaaa of warship. A. tad sea?maayfruitiata an their hopes, aad tfcmr than knelt br yean in the straggle for ?inne toa. tt is it—?? t taaaon the Catch a* s?dto go after tfa7*>ck aettlad ? the wilder- MsaJnaai I "Irp " ' a??Leaenjy.and ***** aZJS^?^L^LT& dL£ ?anb a MMaianM? nat for tcetr support. r^eaMhea,s>y words of Isst year,-the* the me^aeedfal workof the Synod at this time Masioa Faad 1 lor the aupport of pncaly uja sioaaryelenry. Some•tonabyasoansof• Oom- ZSweTtake. I. f?3eteeeof this object ? lanrdt tha BMfUn aw, which ham ppwrfiiirriffaL Bat tan ia need of bb ijaUanat* labor to cut on this iaaportaat i£xk. ITj rniiiiaiM?tal Tiuiiaiiai TTn Ifl ttir ?piritMl one of amfaata ?f the Ohnch aot re aSiag fca ear priah tarta ?lib the Bishop. The TiUaaiiai nf the agricaltaral areas, aad the Bkntbi hi art of Dm tajfihtiam team the aifcaaea.haaiialiill??? week aa ibsmiiii m wellaaii??Jiiin. tha* I tad myself,-years nii.su ?. - " a, cope witfc iftirfttorOy. hSW aw ?tutiii i, ?ppnrtwim phiA proearias; the Isiasrfeam Baglaad ar elaswhere, SmwStag their ?peal ?ntabOito forth* localities am which they an to woek, it is wry Hwirallii thai teKdwp or his Vkar- Oliiwl, wh?.j? hiariiiasi ajwiasstMS jhe Daaaaae, ?Mud aawa iMMHC I aasjaaat ft* thai uiua—?fii ?????! BwrforQiMal ef IbH with wkiah he ?ey ?s*b canaeeL I J -- - -->> —** * ???-. fJa?ssm* -1 l| •-?? IHQ mm mi wmmwm ?"*# ????? OTaW*Oa? ssVMMHI hot to the ?aiisiliam which ii?tobMni by Mm." <???*?? pMnlly mid mm r4d4y —trflaato to a Mhriia Fad thus \--T i a?i naiTriiH After frria* flic ?abject tag nnaUiiniaa I -hums to caaati tate this body ?h?.—l. tfca Viral C.mwml; 2, MMBbtn (?w •Wria?l aad ?m fay) etected ?aa—nyhy?towdtos OiiiHn; ?,titoalter ! atyaaf AeaP.O;??l?he6thbyAeDmrtan offteChfh <(b(tol Wwtoa—iil Sodrty. The Stoarftec or lontife OoMaittoa of Synod voaUttaTte) jotead with the rifarMWjn of Ohanh fmais who at newt act mda inil-^ The Btehop otmU he fartiied by EfaTadViM ?f all thoae bodio^ aad so neem the mobbl aavpart of the wboto Ohoxch ia haf anaa^M?e?ita far the apiriteaJ ears of the aHtobcn of tfaa Own*, ant re ?Utec h* MV pMteh.* It m Jiitahle thm* 111 l in iin* ii r — ? — ii " 'i ill II II fit—lit "???!?>?, aad it h BMet prabablf that faor on* of the ftnwolalvmy.be ?. tm ?safe it coMpoJmry wooM perfaapi throw from ttee to tian • oAatiij f& the my of tadod hw the elliw—ii of the aodety tor the Pwpa rsk?o? tbeii- pdortheCfcuichof KagUod tiidii?iiw< aoefeto DJMBtow. W?rtofOkny.-^??rtoctiMahwHeaf Mr. : Hone. ia??biedia ?taejawi, of Bey*. H. WH ' UaaM aadH. M. PtaUitt klWnu?,i>wll ?a ttw tenwral of the Ker. J. A. Ba^ce to the Diocese of Ooalbaa, I experienced very great di?E?Hyi?keeiiactiMBaatltVarin:\iPeniasaU Uterine the Bnmghto? Amm Chnv?hee, Stomth ?Bbys, the Mi aim in Clare, and other places ??ck PMtfc?y MppUed with the merriamot m. li?hAi My I?!???? an doe to the Keys. Bemy X PooJe and J. B. Oarvu, who fte ?mih taHcOed ka^ distoaeet with this •Saet. OBtheretaraafMr.Moaatareetored tott the Ber. J. H. Gamut awiiin.nl ttie aaatotatoofMooatoaadMaitlaad,lrat hit seal ?ad ?fafte-afcaieA tmeta w3l always be kiadly HKiibari in BwS Yotfaft PenuMwU, ttat Bmarioa bciac ?*" ? chuge of Bey. C. , Mone. b^snaheaeie*.—The hapnrtant township and 1 dtstrfetof Clnktf been filled bythe?er.a. B. Webb,aad theopporfanearrinlof the Her. A. Bella ha* enabled bms to til ap the vacaat : cam of l^adoeh. WiHia—town, aad Pemey I Vale. The Bar. Axthar Deady. DJ>, bu aiace fotacd the dkcoe, raising the anaber of AafU <u do?y ?t tibia time to 40, throogh thn aid | TOted^or thto parpase^by the Chorch of Eag : Mfaatoaary Dktricto-Torfce* Peaiaaola, is ! aovoaeei?OK regaLadyvmtod,beia C pUced under the pastoral siipenaM?deace of the Her. C. Mane, army of whoae foraier pmriahionws I bsnv augnted to those Amu. At the earliest I nriod poenblethudirtrkt most receive ?r?si- Seat athanaajsry. For the Uan Dartrict— aabtanag Jaoncstowa, Gladstone, sad (pro vaaoaalW) Fort Pirie—* reajdeat ordained auatoter a atgeatly required. At each of (heae places chorebat hs?e been baitt, eoogregattoaa We been formed, aad a Cur uuuit of local aapport iiaianiiwil. to which gnats from a GenWMWoa Fond nuiat tea time at least beasaae. Xdacatia?al?aadird.—Thattihe atoadaidof edacathm far the aunistry should be towered ia order to mltiply clergy is very much to be deprcated;betitis impnssible to obtaia men n^toeto*llys.wena?moranyaadspiritaally fit to nsffiM??Oft coaVp^pstoflHi withmit ?OBMWBaVfc Wm VMaB A Mtt AVHMfaBBOB. Pta>* visioaanyatteastitisbettCTttato?eedacated iatead iKteage dfa?riet'than to awiltiply the Bnmber of 01-edncaied sad nnleszaed niatoten forttaaarvM?. Candtdatos for Brfy Orders.—We hava, I am happy to say, aa l?firsaing number of yoaag bbbb dciiiuui of being laborers ia the Ijord's vineyard. We an waned, ?wvatthdeaa,agaia?t Blaring a "amee" in the ?eat of the rfitog BUer. When a asm-has patUshaadtotae pioagh* than M ao taraiag back; aad he who gives nffiara by ignnrmnoc. iiUlijiarn, or want of spvitoal iatarast ia the work of God, is aa laimy to teligiaa and to the MMtiTwtiaaihe^rfFse?itoaerve. flwolo^BH Stad??b.—Aft flfl??tsetaosM, with. ' thfa saajcet I amy mtmtkm the Bameof Kdaard Spioer, who, by the help of gnata from thb dMeeaa and the Bodety far pra?Mtiag OaristiaA Knowledge, has been able to complete hi* Qni rcrn^y eoane at MeflHmrae. aad has Sntlly obtained fert hoaars is Scieaoe thtre. The advaatag? of Cnivwrity lectures will be offend heauefutth ia car midst, sad as far a* possible oar thuntogiwl stodentt be reqaiied to avail themselves of the Professorial adasattoai Am offend to them. Statutes.—There ia nothingespeeialW worthy of remark in the parochial atatatics. The re turn* have beta, very incaavaaieatiy and awre thsa aaaally delayed. They show that where erer the dergy ate diligeat aad discreet there is no lack of interest ia bar services, or aliaaxtkm tram the priadptes of oar Charch. Vestriw.—Jadgiag from tfcarn.iHii.i-IiUJ.,! of tfaa Vertryaafrrings tfaTpans?es an ia a state of pmsperity, aeaaa, and a?jaa; while llii h aimiii imij Hiialaj aihniJ festivahi indi cated the aaahafad vigarof the hwehw, aad attachast?* to the adMlan. That of Trinity, beiajt iU 40th, was oelebrated with a warmth ?nil hfartinran nli amnt tn antii i. Chan* Bafldfcg.— I. have observed with additioas to exbtiag lava been con trmpUted. if not actaalit/ ni—niramil, vis- at Moos4La%,Mitehaa^MagiD.Walkarnlle > the Bun, aad Moaat Gwaftaaf. white Triaity Cbn^Adefaude,aahea>to be reseated. At Mooito the UabilitiM on the dnrch have bean ?inch redsced; at Bnadd and the Maailaaw ckarcdeC CathedtaL—lt baa bam a gnat satafartio? to a* that to-day the ft^sai iMiialiliil ia the CaAtdnl far the ftrst tat Thne beaatifol astwnral windows have lately been erected— one to the memory of tbe child of Sir A. and Lady Mnsgcave, anotiier to tint of Governor Sir H. Fox Young (presented by Lady Young). and a third to commemorate oar late friend Btetofd BowonCoUey.cat off in the flower of manhood. He has nevertheless left • name re aowned for hearty and aoand judging, Ohorch manship, aad aineen aeal in the cause of reli gioa. I cannot help before quitting this subject exprcssiag my thankfolness that X have been penaUted ia the providence of God, with ?kwter nwana to brine on thus fox towards eoatpletion tin beaotUtf building in which we aasnnbledthu morning. I hwdly know how ij grew to its pewent dimensions. By the kind iteration and libamUty of many friends (he irarkhas been aeeaasplisbed. On the building itself there h absawtely bo debt whatever. Aad herelmast not tsil to specify tbe beaatifol Halvea?imnuon-tabte aad Bishop's chair, the latter the gift of StQeduje^BWilL the former oT Bey. 6. aad Mrs. Green. Bat the oUier ttlnsa, modeat aa they •?, remain yet an oWi enTtD be liquidated. A debt of £500 baa thus boeniacomd resting on afewindividnaM, whose liability is to be removed by the ananal sabseription of 5?. by the members of tbe Cathe dral Aid Aaaocaxion. IwovJd earnestly ask of tbe members of this Synod to procure additional memban to this Association. A few hundred names would epeedily extinguish this debt to the Bank of South Atufaali* at a trifling cost to the indivtdoal subscribers. Other friends have already undertaken to collect for the organ, the erection of which, and other expanse* included, makes a debt which has yet to be met of •boot £000. When the times an more prapitioia I doubt not that the seakns friends who last year collected about £800 towards the instrument will succeed in finishing the good work to which they have set tiieir band. iUwenoe of Secretary.—And hem, before I dose this review, I most briefly touch npon one painful topic, the absence of our respected Benetacy, Frederic Wickstoad. We mas to-day ?m^?i£ m his Cue ao fa?ii?? to as all and endeared this many along year, daring which he has aaridaonsly promoted and watched over tiwinatitatraaad prognaaof thia Synod. To his patience, perseverance, aad kiadly influence it has attained to much of in present usefulness. It has pleased God to visit him with infirmity which disables him from continuing his labors; but I am much mistaken if we and thoae nnmor ous friends whom a long life of consistent and abteosnduct have neared for him will not be ns4y to show aympashy far Mm iabia anUetioo and relieve those dependent noon his labors in the difficulties which tint affliction may, per haps, throw around them. Meanwhile, daring the ?ye months in whan be baa been unable to give his personal superintendence, the general basinets of tbe C&arch; Office baa been carried on by his able assistant, Mr. H. S. Anthony, acting as pro Secretary. Beligtoos Thought.—Amid all the unrest and unsettled tone of religious opinion, occa sioned by materialising science and unsparing criticism, I nevertheless am persuaded that a inner.because more intelligent faith, is growing ?p in those who frequent our churches and love tbe Book of Common Prayer. Indeed men of understanding will never surrender the glorious Gospel of the "Grace of God" for the blank guess of an unproved atomic evolution. Scoff who may, we shall hold on the even tenor of our way linked as we believe by our Ministry aad Sacramente, our Creeds and Scriptures, our liturgy and Psalmody, with the Apostolic Churches and those " Holy Apostles and Prophete,* on whom our Lord deigned to breathe on tbe evening of His Resurrection Day, whom fee seat forth as tbe Father had seat Himself with plenary authority to found His Church; to remit or retain sine. Having this historic basis for the " things which are most surely belk'vcl among iu=," we feel in the living Catholic and Apostouc I 'iiarcli, dating from the Apostles themselves, we have a sure guarantee for the authenticity and genuineness of the Xeur Testament Scriptures, as well as in the ancient CieedV. the doctrine of which those Scriptures confirm. They furnish us widi the best safe guard against the novelties of Roman dogma tism and of Ultra-Protestant private opinion. Ccntcnt with the assurance thus provided, we dwell wcnrcly under the shadow of that Olive Tiee into which the Gentile branches were giaftcd vtlieu the natural branches were broken off, and we rait patiently for the appointed time when the restored unity of the Universal Church shall be a witness to the world that God hath cent His Son to take away its sins, who is over all God blessed for ever. kepobt of srAsaasa combotteb. The Standing Committee submitted their annual report aa follows:— deqgy. Widow, and Orphan Fund.—ln ac cordance with the rt **mlttn*i kAiffiQn contained in minute, the Investment Committee have j invested £151 lls. 10d. in the purchase of Sections 24, 37, 48, 172, and 173, Hundred of Pirie, suburban to Township of Fort Pirie, con taining 494 acres. Chrwtehurch, Kadina.—Lot No. 11, township of lr^jliM^ hfl? hgnn fr^nnffrr^H tn the nominee of the Churchwardens in accordance with re port of Standing Committee, 13th June, 1876, ?tin. 944. Superannuation Fund Committee. — They have received the report of this Sub-Committee, which after slight awwwdmaat they have ap proved, printed, and circulated, and now sub mit for adoption by Synod. Steps have been taken to """"nw the fund by forwarding copies of the report to the clergy, with a re quest that they would bring the subject under the notice of their Vestries, and take steps to .collect contributions to the Capital Guarantee Fund, and instruct their Synodsmen to report to Synod what has been done. Theattornsysof the SJP.G. have determined to supplement the subscriptions received pound for pound up taa maximum of £100 per annum for three years. A list of promises received will be laid on die table. It has been recommended by the Com mittee that the name given to this fund be the "Clergy Annuity Fund." General Synod.—The Diocese of Adelaide was represented in the General Synod at Sydney by the Lord Bishop, the Yen. Archdeacon Mart-pat, Beys. V". B. Andrews and E. T. Howell, and Messrs. Neville Blyth, C. B. Young, and J. B. Hughes. Their report of the proceedings will be laid before Synod. The attorneys of the S.P.G. liberally granted the sum of £90 towards payment of the travelling expenses of the repre sentatives. By the assistance of other clergy men and lay readers the services of the churches during the absence of their incumbents were maintained with their accustomed regularity. Bt. Mary's, the Buna, and St. John's Ade laide.—A Sub- Committee was appointed to enquire into tbe matters referred to in the memorial of the M: ister and Churchwardens of St. Mary "is, the Lorn, and they reported that they liad forwarded to the Churchwardens of St. JohnV, copies of the memorial from St. a.'arj*B. and of die resolutions of Synod and of il.e Standing Committee thereon; but the Cliurcbwardenfl of St. John's declined to consent to tl* arbitration of the fitiuHin- Committee or of the Sub Cuininittce. The Sub-Committee unlcr these circumstances recommended that the matter of the memorial be notenquired rats. Tbe Standing Conuni'tee then examined all letters and documents referring tj the matter submitted to them by the representatives of St. Mary's, and passed the following resolution " That the Standing Committee having heard the letters and evidence offered by the Vestry of St. Mary's, the Bum. with reference to their claim on St. John's, decline to take any further steps in the matter." Vestry Becord Books.—They are happy to bs able to report that their efforts to make the use of Vestry fiecord Books general throughout the diooeaehave beenquiteraceeaaful,andallof those distributed have been paid for except three. Afsenment. —The Committee report that they estimate the expenditure Cor the ensuing year aa follows: — Secretary's salary, £150; printing, ££0; puctage, £15; advertising, £10; sundries, £10; total, £835. They recommend the aanterate of aaaasmeatof Bd. per sitting let, aa per statistical returns of 1675-6 (for the l?t.ti& Appendix C), amounting to £213 18a. The aaarmiiMTit for the past year has been suffi cient to cover the ezpenditore and leave a balance in hand of £32 lls. 9d. Schedule C—ln arccwlamw with the reeolu tkra of Synod, limiting the time during which churches shall receive grant-in- aid according to the scale of churches in Schedule A (see Mm. 676, May 8, 1874), the following churches will be placed in Schedule C after June 30, 1878, unless the Synod shall determine otherwise:— St. John's, Mount Pleasant, 15* years, £288 Is. lid.; St. Matthew's, Hamilton, IS years, £85 13s. Both these churches received notice to this effect in March last, and have appealed against the transfer. Their case is therefore submitted to the consideration of Synod. Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund.—The Trustees publish a progress account from June 30, 1876, to date. A clergyman who had held the Bishop's licence for a period of 15 years having left the diocese, and having requested to be allowed to continue a subscriber to the fond, your Committee have obtained an opinion from their solicitors that so long as a clergy man subscribing to the fund is an incumbent, whether within or without the diocese, he most make the annual collection, as provided by Clause 4of the Trust Deed. They am happy to be able to report that all arrears of premiums have been paid up. Table of Collections, fee.—The Committee present a table, showing the amounts received from each Church for the various funds, the amounta paid as grants-in-aid of clerical in comes, and the proposed assessment for 1877-8. The following is a enmparativesfaiement of the totals of these amounts for the past two years:— Beceived—Synodal assessment, 1875-6, £226 17s. 4d.; 1876-7, £234 Bs. Bd. Home Mission, 1875-3, £271 7s. 8<1.; 1876-7, £246 9s. lid. Mission to the Heathen paid, 1875-4, £141165. Sd.; 1876-7, £136 10s. Od. Grants in aid of clerical incomes, 1675-6, £48065. 3d.; 1876-7, £399145. Your Committee observe with regret a slight falling off in the offertories for the Home Mission and the Mission for the Heathen, notwithstanding the fact that the number of contributing Churches has increased. They ex press the hope that the clergy will urge the claims of these funds on their congregations during tbe coming year. Home Mission Fund. —They are happy to re port that they hare again paid thegraat-in-aid of clerical incomes at fall scale. They have to call the attention of the Churches in Schedule A to tbe foot that, before any grant can be made on account of stipend fund or offertory, there most be a collection at every Sunday aervioe. Mission to the Heathen.—They have voted £8 6s. sd. out of that portion of tbe funds placed at their disposal towards the repayment of the balance due to the Treasurer of the Lacepede Bay Native Mission, which, together with a biniilar grant from the Trustees of the Poonindie Native Institution, liquidated the debt due wLen the mission was finally closed last year. The balance of the funds they have voted to the Melanesian Mission. Endowment of Churches.—They report that during the past year two endowments have been effected under the amended system adopted by tile Synod during its last session, viz, St. Mary's, Penola, £250, and St. Angus tin's, Port Victor, £500; the Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society having contributed £150 towards the former and £300 towards the latter. Schedule A.—No churches have been added to this schedule during the past year. Statistical Returns. —Your Committee are happy to be able to state that the statistical returns have been received from all the churches, with the exception of a few in which there have been no regular ministrations, but they regret that twenty-three were not for warded until a period so late as to occasion greet inconvenience. Gifts to Synod.—Your Committee desire to acknowledge "with thanks the following gifts to Synod :—From Mr. George Warren, two acres at Williamstown, for the benefit of the Incum bent of St. Peter's: from Mr. A. Beckmann, pert Section 426, Hundred Wallaroo, 23 perches, for church purposes ; from Mr. C. B. Young, an allotment near Caltowie, as a site for a parsonage. Bequest to Srnod.—Messrs. R.N. Colley and W. L. Reid, the executors of the will of the late Edmund Cullen, have paid to the Trea surer the sum of £W0 legacy, and £13 ss. sd. interest, bequeathed by tile will to the Synod incorporated unconditionally. The Synod will therefore have to decide as to its disposal. Your Committee desire to record their thankful sense of the charitable care for the church manifested by this bequest of the late Edmund Cullen. Appointment of Sub-Committees.- Inasmuch as a difficulty has occasionally been felt at the meetings of Synod with respect to the mode of appointing Select Committees, the Standing Committee recommended that Btanding Order No. 64 be [altered to read as follows:— ** Select Committees shall consist of five mem bers, unless by leave of Synod, and shall be elected by nomination, or in case more than the number required axe nominated by ballot; and in all cases the consent to act of the persons nominated shall be first obtained. All such Com mittees 6hall be instructed to report, either to Synod, or to the Standing Committee." Vacant Cures. —The Treasurer has received £36 12b. 3d. from this source during the year, of which £10 15s. 7d., being on account of St. Mary's, Penola, has been voted to maintain ! periodical services in that parish, during the j vacancy of the cure. The balance in hand now j amounts to £<52 16s. 6d. i Boundaries of St. Paul's, Port Adelaide, St. | Margaret's, Woodville, and All Saints', Hind marsb.—ln consequence of a letter addressed to your Committee by the Vestry of St. MargaretX Woodville, a Sub-Committee was appointed to consider this subject. Their report, as adopted by this Committee, is published. * Lady Muegravc's Gift.—They have, at the re quest of Lady Musgrave, accepted tine trust of £15 placed in the Savings Bank to tbe credit of the Corporation, the annual income to be used in providing Christmas prizes for the following institutions connected with the Church of Eng land :—the Orphan Home, Adelaide; St. Paul's Day-school, Flinders-street, Adelaide; and St. Peter's Day-school, Glenelg. Jubilee Presentation to tile Lord Bishop on St. Peter's Day.—Your Committee have to re port that they took occasion of the Lord Bishop's completion of his 50th year after his admission to the Diaconate, to prepare an address of con gratulation, which was duly presented to him in the Cathedral on St. Peter's Day. At the same time the Standing Committee gave its sanction to a series of jubilee services to be held in the several churches, at which offertories should be made, for the purpose of presenting his Lordship with an eagle lectern for the Cathedral. To both these presentations the Bishop returned replies expressing his gratifi cation, and reciprocating the kind feelings which had dictated them. Illness of tbe Secretary.—lt is with extreme regret the Committee have to report that they have been deprived, through illness, of the assistance of your Secretary, Mr. F. Wicksteed, for some four months; great sympathy has been felt; and leave of absence has been given ia the hope that his strength may be restored. Mr. H. S. Anthony has performed the duties of the office as Acting Secretary. Standing Council of Advice.—The Committee wish to include in their report tha statement that at a recent meeting the Lord Bishop in formed them that tile affairs of the Diocese had now attained such magnitude that he thought it would be advisable to appoint a Standing Council of Advice, to assist him with their advice in matters at present not specially pro vided for, and suggested that it should consist of five members —two to be appointed by the Standing Committee, one by the Attorneys of die S.P.G.. one by the Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society, and the Vicar- , General to be fifth. Accompanying tbe foregoing was a report of the representatives to the General Synod held ; ia Sydney in October last. The report of the Theological and Ecclesias tical Library Committee showed receipts for the past year £16 ss. 6d.; balance from last year, £1114s. <&; total, £28. The expenditure bad been £1114fi. 6d., leavings balance in hand of £16 se. 7d. Arrears of subscriptions, £3 13s. 6d^ the present number of subscribers, 17. It was stated in the report of the Melanesian Mission Committee that "the Sanding Com mittee having appointed the following gentle men to act as a Committee to carry on the work in aid of this Mission, viz.:—The Very Bey. the Dean, Yen. Archdeacons Marryat and Dove, Rev. Canon Farr, Eev. Professor Bead, Bey. W. B. Andrews, and Mr. Neville Blyth, they deemed it desirable to call in the aid of others, the Revs. F. S. Foole and H. M. Pollitt, Messrs. F. T. Wbitington. C. Herbert Young, 3. Moncrieff, H. D. Holmes, L. G. Madley, H. Dutton, E. N. Newbnry, and H. S. Anthony (Hon. Secretary and Treasurer), and Canon Fair undertook, as heretofore, the correspon dence with the authorities of the Mis sion ; which arrangements were approved by tiie Standing Committee. Circulais nave been cent to allotd subscribers, to eaperintendent? of Sunday Schools, and to ministers of suburban perishes, and collecting cards have been distri buted ; but in consequence of the generalfaHure of Hie harvest it was deemed expedient to sus pend for a season active and general operations throughout the diocese. Inconsequence of the beguining thus **f4fa t and the collecting cards that have been issued, increased Bobscriptions have already been received from the following Sunday-schools:—Holy Trinity and St. Paul's, Adelaide; St. Peter's, Glenelg; and Christ Church, Tankalilla, St. John's Sunday Bchool, Auburn, had already sent in a contribution. It is interesting to observe that tbe Dorcas Sewing Class of Native Women, si Poonindie, has cent in £2. The Committee earnestly toast that during the ensning year the Melanpwian Mission work may have a leading place given to it in our Sunday Schools. Tour Committee have during the past year remitted the sum of £225 to the authorities of the Mission at Auckland." BOtTNDABIES. in reference to tbe boundaries of St.VanFa, Adelaide, St. MJugsiefs, Woodville, and All Saints, Hindmarsh, the Committee report— "That the Vestry of St. Margaret's are of opinion that any minister licensed to -Hie Church should be the Incumbent of the Parish, and are quite willing that such minister should assist the Incumbent of Port Adelaide.* 7 Mr. Connor suggested that the Incumbent of Wood ville be at liberty to take other clerical duty every Sunday evening, and on alternate Sunday afternoons. The Bey. S Green proposed— * That Woodville be for die present attached as a curacy to the Port, the connection to be severed, with the Bishop's consent, on the Vestry of either Woodville or the Port giving six months' notice.' The Committee recom mend that Mr. Green's proposal be adopted ; or it that should fail, that Mr. Connor's suggestion be carried out. Should both schemes foil, tile Committee Ao not see that any other step can be taken until the members of the church at Alberton form themselves into a district or parish, of which the boundaries would be de cided by Synod.' In this case, other difficulties having been overcome, the dividing line might be the Grand Junction-road. Apart from Woodville, the Committee entirely concur in the wish of the Incumbent of the Port to secure the services of a curate to assist him in work in? Alberton and Lefevre's Peninsula," Financial Report.—The report of the General Committees and balance-sheet of the Treasurers of Synod were received and adopted. The balance-sheets showed Synod account:—Re ceipts, including balance from last year, £1,617 7s. 6A4 expenditure, £95 9s. 6d.; balance to credir, £658 Is. sd. Society for the Propaga tion of the Gospel, receipts including last year's balance, £4,681 2s. 5d.; expenditure, £4,262 6s. 7d.; balance to credit, £118 13s. 10d.; Clergy, Widow, and Orphans Fund, including £1,000 loan repaid, £2.109 ss. lid.; expenditure, in cluding loan £1,650, £2,109 55.; balance to credit, £168 ss. lid.; Allen's Pastoral Aid Fund—Beceipts, including £2,175, loans repaid, and £1.000 deposit receipt, £3,751 15s. 10d^ expenditure, including £2,200 loans, and £1,000 deposit receipt, £3.429 2s. lOd; balance to credit, £322 13s : Helancsian Mission receipts, £234 12b. 6d.: expenditure, £231105. 4d.; credit balance, £3 2s. 2<l. COMMITTEE OF APPEAL. The Bey. B. T. Howell, Mr. W. D. Scott, and Mr. H. K. Hughes were appointed as such Committee. ASSESSORS. Assessors were elected as follows:—The Very Bey. Dean Bus?ell, Archdeacons Marryat and Dove, Canon Coombs, and the Keys. S. Green, and W. B. Andrews; lay members, Messrs. C. B. Young, G. A- Connor, W. S. Douglas, N. Oldham, S. O. Pearson, and G. E. DeMole. VOTES OF THANKS. It was resolved that the t"""^ of Synod be given to His Lordship the Bishop for his valuable report, and to the Attorners of tile S.P.G., the Trustee of Allen's P.A. Fund, the Committee of the Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society, the Melanesian Mission, and the Theological and Ecclesiastical Library, for their Reports and Statistical Re turns, and that they be received and published. S?NO?A1. EXPENSES AXD fiEPOET. It was resolved that the assessment for Sy nodal expenses be as proposed by the Standing Committee ; also that the Bey. F. S. Poole, S. Green, and H. M. Pollitt and Mr. Anthony be a Committee to edit the Report of Synod. Clergy Annuity Fund.—The report of the Superannuation Committee recommended that a fund be raised to be called "The Clergy Annuity Fund" forthe relief of clergy men licensed to the cure of souls, incapaci tated by age, or mental or physical infirmity, by providing an annuity of not less £50 per annum. That a capital guarantee fund be raised of £1,500 by donations and annual subscriations. Mr. N. Blyth, M.P., moved, and Mr. J. Thorn ley seconded, the adoption of the report. The Bey. T. Field considered that the clergy should not be called upon to contribute to such a fund, which should be supported by the laity, and applied to the relief of tile aged clergy. The Eev. E. T. Howell believed the laity would cheerfully contribute to the fund. His Lord chip stated that the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel would give pound for pound of the amount contributed towards this fund for thsee years, andSynodwentintoCommitteeupon the report, and after discussion, it was agreed that tbe whole offertory of one Sunday in the year in the quarter cf the year ending June 30th in every congregation throughout the dio cese shall be appropriated to this object, and shall be available for income whoa there are recipients for the fund; but until there are such recipients, such offertory shall form part of the Capital Guarantee Fund; and that no annuities shall be granted until the capital guarantee fund shall have reached a tninimnm sum of £1,000. The rules were considered in Committee, amended, and afterwards adopted. The thanks of the Synod were given to the Committee for their valuable report. STANDING COMMITTEE. The following gentlemen were elected:— Clergy—The Yen. Archdeacon Marryatt, Very Bey. Dean Bnssell, Bey. S. Green, Yen. Arch deacon Dove, Beys. W. B. Andrews, T. Field, and H. M. Pollitt. Laity—Messrs. N. Blyth, C. B. Young, W. S. Douglas, N. Oldham, H. Scott, H. D. Crattenden, H. S. Anthony, Dr. W. Gosse, Messrs J. H. Cunningham, W. D. Scott, W. G. Cnthbertsoa, H. K_ Hughes, and F. Wick stead. Treasurers—Messrs. H. Dutton and W. S.Douglas. Auditors—Messrs. J.EL Cunning ham and H. D. Ctuttenden. At 10 pjn. the Synod adjourned till 11 o'clock a.m. on Wednesday, to adjourn at 12.30, and meet again at 6 pnu. 