? ♦ ? THE OVAL. NOBWOOD V. HlKDMAHSH. The opening matches of the South Australian Cricketing Association was played on Saturday, October 27, the contending teams being Nor wood v. Hindmarsh on the Oval, and South Adelaide v. South Australians on the neutral ground. A good contest was expected on the Oval, and as each Club had been vigorously and industriously practising since the beginning of the season, considerable interest was manifested as to what would be the result of the matches. This interest was also increased by the fact that these two were the first Clubs to meet last season, and the Norwoods were then defeated. As a natural consequence of the interest taken in the match there was a large attendance of from 500 to 600 present, including, we were glad to observe, a rather larger proportion of the fair sex than is usually present at cricket matches. The Oval has been covered during the recess with a top-dressing, resown, and the mower and roller have been over the ground pretty often. The pitch, although bumping occasionally, was in a fair condition, and with a few weeks' more rolling will be in splendid order. The out-field, although better than last season, is still a long way from perfection, but doubtless will improve as the season goes on. The weather during the early part of the afternoon was clear and sunshiny, with a hardly perceptible breeze ; later on, however, the sun was somewhat ob scured by clouds. ? The Norwood men were the first at the wickets, Morcom and H. a.. Gooden going to the creases. Bevan bowled from the southern end, and the first ball he gave was enough for Morcom — 1 — 0 — 0. H. A. Gooden was disposed of by a splendid catch at short leg by Shepherd after making 9, and Giffen made 3, there being then three wickets down for 15. J. E. Gooden and W. O. Whitridge got together and put on a more hopeful aspect for the Nor woods, as before a separation was effected they had advanced the score to 32. King was bowl ing from the northern end, but, being unsuc cessful, was relieved by Bullen, the new man. Off bis bowling the captain was disposed of by a smart catch by King at short square leg, very low down. Whitridge played very stiffly at first, and before he had succeeded in scoring 5 gave an easy chance to Bevan at short slip. That fielder did not appear to be looking and the chance was missed, much to the regret of the Hindmarsh supporters. Jarvis also had a chance of stumping him when he stepped out to hit a ball, but did not avail himself of it. Afterwards Whitridge did not give the ghost of a chance, but played a good defensive innings. It seemed as if he would carry his bat out, but after remaining till the last man was in he skied one to Lowe who safely negotiated it, much to the regret of nearly all present. He made 40, and to show how steadily he played, it is only necessary to mention that his score contained 2 threes, 6 twos, and 22 singles. Burnet, who played a free innings, scored 17, including 4 twos, was disposed of by a catch in the long field off a fine skying hit. Lucas scored 10, including two splendid drives off Bevan, which went over the bowler's head and resulted in 3 runs each. Reeves made 3, and the other players, Denness, Garwood, and C. F. Whitridge, did not succeed in scoring. The innings closed for 97, the Norwoods thus failing to reach their usual score of a century or over. The bowl ing was frequently changed. King, who did not take a wicket when bowling from the northern end, went, on at the other, and in. the first over from that end disposed of Lucas and Denness in two successive balls. Bulleu occasionally bowlsd well, and got one wicket. Lowe Trent on for two overs, and Green for four, the latter taking a wicket in his first over. BevaD, as usual, was successful in taking wickete, but a good number of runs were made from his bowling. Jarvis took the wickets, and with the exception of the mistake he made in not disposing of Whitridge, kept them well for so young a player. The fielding of the Hind marsh. team showed that this department of the game had not been overlooked by them in their practice. On Saturday a marked improvement was shown on their fielding of last season, par ticularly in their manner of throwing in to the wickets, The only mistake in this respect was made by Bevan, who threw the ball at the wicket he was bowling from, and missing it two runs were made for the overthrow. Shepherd and Norman were the first to appear at the wickets for the Hindmarsh Eleven, WhitriJge bowling from the southern and Giffen from the northern end. In the first over Shepherd sent the ball into the bands of Burnet in . the long field, but he let it drop again, and- the run was achieved. Soon after he failed to stop the ball, but in throwing it in knocked down the wicket. The batsman, however, was in his ground. Norman ' foolishly rushed out to hit a ball from Whitridge, but missing it, Den ness stumped him. Green went in, and stepped forward to hit another, keeping one foot on the line instead of over it. Denness took the bails off, .and Mr. Cooper said 'out.' Green was inclined to believe that he was in bis ground, and many in the pavilion expressed themselves of the same opinion. Bullen joined Shepherd, and Morcom failing to secure a very hot one from Bullen, the two batsmen raised the score from 5 to 20. Bullen, who only came to the colony a short time ago, had practised three times with the Hindmarsh team, so his score of 12 on Saturday, opposed to the good bowling of the Norwoods, was a most creditable perfor mance. Shepherd scored 10, Jarvis was^dis posed of in the same foolish manner as Norman, and Bevan in the same manner as Green, four wickets thus being stupidly thrown away by the batsmen not keeping in their grounds. Bagshaw had one over from Lucas, in which he made the first f ourer of the season by a fine hit to leg, and another hit for 2. The last ball took his wicket. The innings closed for 48, or less than half the score of their opponents. Giffen was taken ofi bowling after 10 runs had been scored off him, and Lucas went on, and got the good average of. four wickets for 16 runs. Whitridge was more successful, and got six wickets for 22 runs. The fielding of the Norwood team was a decided contrast to the Hindmarsh team, especially at the beginning of their innings. Burnet was one of the worst bunglers, and nearly all seemed to have a very hazy idea as to the wicket at which to throw the ball. They im proved a little towards the end of the game. Denness, although he succeeded in stumping four men, was not to be compared with Jarvis as a wicket-keeper. The Association umpires were Messrs. S. Toms and R. Cooper. During the progress of the game some members of the Norwood Club subscribed for a bat for the highest' scorer . on the. Norwood side, and this bat will be. presented to Whitridge. Those pre sent were very demonstrative in their remarks on- the game as it 'proceeded, and although there may be some justification in applauding a piece of ;good play '. or disapproving of some bungling, there is none for the remarks that were made as to the decision of the umpire. Subjoined are the scores : — NOBWOOD. Captain, J. E. Gooden. S. Morcom, b. Bevan- ... ... ... ... 0 H. A. Gooden, c. Shepherd, b. Bevan - ... 9 G. Giffen, b.Bevai ... ... ... ... 3 W. O. Whitridge, «. Lowe, b. Bevan... ... 40 J; E. Gooden, c. King, b. Bullen ...' ... 8 T.T. Lucas, b. King ... ... ... ...10 D.-C. Denness, b'. King.:. ... ? 0 Ti A. Reeves, b. Green..: ... ... ...i3 H.C Burnet, c. Green, b. Bevan ? ... ... 17 W.J. Garwood, b. Bevan -..k. '.- ... ... 0 C. F. Wlutridge, not out . ;'-.... ... ;.. ? 0 Byes, 4; leg-bye, ljWides, 2 ... : ..„ 7 Total ... ? ... 07 Bowling Analysis. Babs. Runs. Mdns. Wkts. Wides. Bevan ... 113 34 4 6 0 King ... 64 23 3 2 0 Bullen ... 54 17 1 1 1 Green ... 24 10 1 1 1 Lowe ... 12 6 0 0 0 BTNDHABSH. Captain— F. King. C. Shepherd, c. Burnet, b. Whitridge ... 10 W. Norman, st. Denness, b. Whitridge ... 1 G. Green, st. Denness, b. Whitridge ... 0 W. Bullen, c. and b. Whitridge ? 12 : A. H. JarviB, st. Denness, b. Whitridge ... 3 F. King, c. J. E. Gooden, b. Lucas ? 4 J. Bevan, st. Denness, b. Whitridge ? 7 A. Harley, b. Lucas ? 3 J. Chittleborougb, not out ... ... ... 2 J. Lowe, b. Lucas ? '. ... 0 T. Bagshaw, b. Lucas ? 6 Total ? ... 48 Bowling Analysis. Balls. Runs. Mdns. Wkta. W. O. Whitridge 84 22 4 6 Giffen ? 24 10 0 0 Lucas ? 60 16 3 4 