Soma police court. Saturday,'April -21^ ,(Befpre tliiB Police Magistrate.) BREACH OF THE PUBLICANS' ACT. This case,tn whichW- B. Murphy was summoned for a breach of the jPablicajas1 Act, wasagain gone ! into, having been remanded fromThuraday last. Mr, Thompson appeared for defendant. R. J. Oottell deposed: I amsn auctioneer resid ing inBoma, and sold goods ferdefendant on two occasions In March last; 1 sold> by .defendant's order on his premises 0n .the .l3t March last, one cask Red Heart Bum,' one caseScbnsjpps, one cask bottled Porter, and » Quarter ..cask JBLum ^ the. quarter cask ram . I sold to Stephen Ryan, who keeps the Royal Oak Hotel inRoma. By SergeantJohnson: I sold the rum to Stephen Ryaaabout noon on the 1st March; defendant, Geering, and one or two other* were in and -oat during the sal?* one of these men is called Towney; I ditl not see "Stephen' Ryan there on that day; I sold the^uarter^'cask j>f rumto Geering, :as lie iid for it"; when 't knocked it" d^wn 'Geenng gave "me the name of Stephen Ryan as the purchaser ; I re member ' defendant saying when the rum was knocked ;dovra-41 it;is all right^" orwords^to that effect; I was paid my commission by defendant; I did not receiye this: purchase money; as * rule the Auctioneer receivtetiie purchasemoney. "■ r. : W. B. Murphy deposed: I- am W"auctioneer ; I employed Mr. Cotteli to sell for me on the 1st of March because my auctioneer's license had.runont > { waa- preseni whenthe quarter cs&k; of-iam'.'jwas' sold; it was' Bold to Geering; Ryan came to me and said he wished to buy some rum and brandy; being busy I referred him to Geering,-- who showed him the spirits, and told him. they would, be sold by auction-; Ryan then told me that Geering'would purchase the spirits;for him; Geering bought for' Ryan a quarter cask run, . and a quarter cask brandy; Ryan would not' take the orandy, but took the rum ; X . sent Connelly and Geering t« Ryan's with the rum; they came back saying he would not take the ruin. because he did not "believe the right'-quantity was' in the cask ; he has since paid rae in full for this ram; I admit the delivery of the goods on Ryan's premises; I will swear posi tively I never sold .Stephen . Ryan a quarter cask rum or any other spirits is my life. By Sergeant Johnson : I solicited Ryan's custom previous to the 1st March. ' William Geering; defendant's clerk, was called, and corroborated the evidence of the last witness. - . Case dismissed. Carriers' 'licenses were grantetl to Henry Bruer and Charles Gouldiug. Monday, April 23. {Before tlie Police Magistrate.) Carriers' licenses were granted to Christopher Vincent and J. Wieaeke. Tuesday, April 24 {(Before the Police Magistrate and Mr. A. Hertz berg, J. P.) FAUX PRETENCES. H. Daltoa tv»3 brought up, on remand, for ob taining goods from Thomas Enright by false pre tences. Mr. Thompson appeared for prisoner. H. CL Cleeve deposed: I am Manager of this Bank of New South Wales, Roma; the cheque pro duced was received from Thomas Kuright, anil was sent to the manager of our bank at Copperfield, who presented it at the A. J. S. Bank at Clermont; they returned it ■with " no account" written on it; the usual notice 'of dishonor was sent' to Mr. Enright. Cross-examined by Mr. Thompson :* I know there was a cheque of prisoner's for £1^ presented pre vious to this one, and that was also dishonoured. The prisoner was discharged. . " " Wednesday, April 25. (Before the Police Magistrate, and Messrs. Cottell Hertzberg.) , n-I.Er.AI. DETENTION OF PROPERTY. ' W.;Johnson, sergeant of police, was summoned" by A-rCheeaeroan for illegally detaining a saddle, - briddle, and pouch, the property of complainant. A/: Cheeseinau deposed: lamabutchor, residing m;R«ma. (He. then identified the : articles, &c.;, as being the property .he had sold to a man named Barclay, who was tried and acquitted at the-last sittings ef the .District Court, for obtaining them from Mm. duder false pretences.) Witness had. demanded the property from the sergeantof police, but the latter had.refused jto give-them up. ■ . ' The property was ordered to be given to -com plainant. ' ' ! Carriers' licenses (two each) were'granted to Stewart and Henry Griffiths. A slaughtering license was . granted to Patrick Laydien.' Tuesday, April 14. ; (Before the Police Magistrate, arid Messrs. 1 Hertzb'er£and Oottell, J-J. P'a.) LARCENY. Charles M'Kenna was charged with the larceny of a swag, the property of the Rev. P. J. M'Guinness, as bailee. Mr. Salmond appeared for defendant. P. J. M'Guinness deposed: I am a Catholic priest; two days previous to my leaving Surat, my groom asked me if I could give a man a ride to Roma or lend him a horse; I told him I would give the man a ride in my buggy, but would not lend him a horse; I saw the man afterwards, and told him he could put his bundle on the packhorse; on Sunday, when Leaving Surat, my man asked me if I would take a swag for a man who had gone to Roma; I said I would not, as no man had asked me; I took the swag, however, and brought it to Roma, believing it to be the property of the man whom I promised the ride to; shortly after my arrival, a man of the name of Murray told me that a person had taken a swag out of my buggy, the party saying it was his; I told him no one had a right-to take anything out of the buggy without my permission; I then reported the matter to sergeant Johnson, and met the sergeant afterwards with the defendant; the latter said he had taken the swag, and I said if he could prove it was his he could have it, but he must send me a receipt, and I gave him till twelve o'clock to do so; he said he would bring a party who could prove, the swag was his; I met him in the afternoon, when he told me he could not find the party; I then took out a warrant for him, as I believed the property was not defendant's, and thought I might have to pay for it. By Mr. Salmond: When I swore the information I did not know that the swag belonged to defendant; I did not state afterwards that I knew it belonged to him; 1 never gave it a thought that my laying the information deprived defendant of his liberty. The witness here objected to answer any more questions, saying he thought he had answered enough. The Police Magistrate said: "Father M'Guinness, you must recollect yon stand in that witness-box on the same footing as any other man, and you must stand there all day and answer ques tions as long as they are fair and reasonable; and if you fail to answer fair questions, I shall be com pelled to take steps to make you. Mr. Salmond then resumed the cross-examina tion. I don't remember ever saying the swag was de fendant's; I said it may be his, but he must prove it; defendant said to me when I saw him with sergeant Johnson, "I know I have done wrong in taking the swag," or words of regret to that effect; he did not apologise; I am certain that defendant heard me when I said that if he did not bring a receipt by 12 o'clock, and prove the swag to be his, I would get a warrant; I have not the ghost of a recollection of saying "M'Kenna ought to have ' come and thanked me for carrying his swag, instead of taking it out of my buggy without asking." William Murray deposed: I am a labourer, resid- ing in Roma; on the night of the 22nd instant I saw defendant go to Father M'Guinness' buggy and take a swag from it; about half an-hour after I told Father M'Guinness that defendant had taken his swag; Father M'Guinness said to me that defendant! had no right to take the swag without his permis sion, and that he would get a warrant out for him the next day. Mr. Salmond applied for a dismissal, saying that the case was one of paltry and malicious persecu tion. The Bench decided upon hearing evidence to prove the ownership of the swag, and William Murray was recalled and examined by the Police Magistrate. W. Murray recalled: I am morally certain that the swag is the property of the defendant; Father M'Guinness himself told me the swag belonged to defendant on the road between Surat and Roma. Mr. Salmond said that the receipt in question had been posted and registered on Monday morning. The Police Magistrate asked why it had been posted. He thought that action not look well, living at an hotel in town it would have been more becoming in defendant to have sent or left it there. Thomas Dillon deposed: I was at Surat last Saturday, and was then in the employment of Father M'Guinness; defendant gave me a swag, and I saw it put into Father M'Guinness' buggy at Surat on Sunday morning. By the Bench: Defendant gave me the swag to send to Roma. The case was dismissed. 