SANDHURST. ? (moil ODB own cobbespondent.) Mondât Evening. Only 117 posees bave been supplied by the Railway department for the members of the varicue fire brigades in this district to pro I «ed to the demonstration at Geelong on the 24th mat Thia b»scauBci considerable dis appointment cb the brigades intended to take two bands of music with them The mayor and Messrs. R. Clark and J. T. Connelly eaw tie BtationmoBter respoc *-g the matter tbia morong bat found bim powerlet3 to net Tboy therefore decide J to lelegioph to the traffic monogerm Melbou'no nekmg for addil tonal passes and nure cómate accommodation At the City lolico Court this morning a Ead i io uro of a boc al wreck was prerontod A woman named I lira, Ranrowas brought up darted with having been dunk She hi d been taken to the lock up on Sunda? bj her Eon aud eon in law who stated thnt the woman was nlwajs drink uf had pawned a i ti eir things nnd nearly starved heryoungeat child In the del nura of dn-ik oho eatd that abo saw the ghost of her husband alónT with phantoms of other crconsm the corner of ti e jard Lebind the houee and waa evl dently not fit to to nt lorto rho Bench re mm ded her to grtol for a week Another deploinble c so though of a different nature was also heard in the police couit this morning A little girl named I mily Crane only eight years of nge waa brought up on a chprge of Btoa'ing 40j from the till ot the Union Hotel A const bio arrested the child in the Arcade on Saturday shortly alter the robb ly a id found 30j and 3d m her po c ion which ho handed ti the landlady of the Union Hotel The girl bad spent the rest of the money m the Arcade This is the fourth time the child ban been caught Bteal-'ng Once she stole the hospital box from the Albion Hot 1 The youthful delinquent waa remanded until to moirow The coroner held on inquest this after- noon at the hospital on the body of Mary Ann Williams who died in the institution on Sunday from the effects of burns received on the 6th inst, at Sailor's Gully. The deceased woman had been drinking with some ac quaintances at a house m Sailors Gully from the night of the 3rd to the evening of the 5th May. Feeling cold on Saturday evening the 5th inst she got some leaves and a kerosene wick and made a blaze of them in the fireplace. Her clothes caught fire and she screamed loudly. The inmates of the home came to ber assistance and rolled the clothes of the deceased round her, and enveloped her in a wet cloth. She was terribly burned from the ankles to the hips, the whole of the skin on those parts being totally destroyed. She wes taken to the hospital on the following day but gradually sank and died from ex haustion consequent to her injuries. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the evidence. 