THE EVANGELISTIC SERVICES AT THE MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. .? At. twelve o'clock yesterday the Conven tion opened in the Mechanics' Hall, abo'nt 600 persons being present, Dr. Somerville in the chair. The first subject discussed wa3, "How to make prayer and other re ligions meetings interesting." It was intro duced by the Eevs. Bunning and Fitcher. Various other gentlemen,- ' on the platform and in the body of the Hall, also spoke to this and the Other subjects. Precisely at 1 o'clock a hymn was sung, and the second subject, ''The religious instruction of the young," was introduced by Messrs Price and .Hitchcock. Again, at 2 o'clock, a hymn was sung, and the third subject, "" How to turn the present religions move ment to the best acconnt," was intro duced by the Eevs. G. Goodman and T. M'Kenzie Fraser. Finally, after various valuable suggestions had been offered, at 3 o'clock', Dr. Somerville gave his address on "The Power of the Holy Ghost." By this time the hall was well filled. Of the address, it is only necessary to say that it showed a power to lay his hand upon every string of the human harp; it wa3 charac terised by fervor that was electric," and as it was moved by the highest motive so it evoked the same from the bosoms of every listener. The following resolution, moved by the Bev. W. C. Bunning, and seconded by the Kev. Mr Steele, was passed by the whole assembly, numbering about 1100 per sons, rising to their feet and saying Amen!— " We, the representatives of the churches and congregations of Geelong, desire to ex press our heartfelt gratitude to God and to His servant, Dr. A Somerville, for the series of religious services concluded this day. The manifest blessing from the Most High resting upon them from the first to the last, the marvellous energy of mind and body, the passionate love for souls, the wealth of Scriptural truth, and the matured wisdom brought to bear in the addresses, and in the whole of the arrangements, have placed us all under lasting obligation. It is known to U3 that ypu, honored servant of Jesus, find yonr high reward in the work and in its results, and that you would decline any other expression of our deep gratitude than the present one. May the Lord bless, reward and uphold you ! We cannot conclude without embracing in this feeble acknowledgment of indebtedness your beloved son, Mr W. F. Somerville. His enthusiasm, piety, and love, not to speak of ability, hare given an impulse to the Sacred Song of Geelong which cannot soon be lost. May the Lord accept this con secration of the * all' of His, young servant. Finally, may we, through you, convey our loving sense of obligation to the Glas-. gow United Evangelical Committee ; such Christian kindness from those in the father laud certainly tends to unite the colonies to Great Britain by indissoluble bonds. It is their lo.v.e to our souls which goes to onr hearts. Blessed be the God and Father of our lord Jesus Christ, who hath begotten us again to a lively hope through the resur rection oE Jesus Christ from the dead. Grace he with you, father and son, for ever. Amen." Dr. Somerville rose and said he was grate ful for this kind expression, and would say farewell at the evening lecture. At 7.30 o'clock the Mechanics' Hall again assumed that crammed appearance which has been characteristic of the past week, for it is estimated that 1500 persons were as sembled to hear Dr. Soinerville's lecture on "The Burning Fiery Furnace." His Worship the Mayor occupied the chair. Dr. Somer ville was (strange to say, considering the fatigue of the convention,) in his freshest and happiest vein. He said that the marvellous story of the Third Chapter of Daniel would form the subject of his lecture. How did Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego know that their religion was true? Just a3 he (Dr. Somerville) knew that his religion was true, when two years ago he passed through Africa and Asia. For the following reasons he believed the Christian religion was from God :—(1.) All the perfections of God are set forth, not an accommodated Deity; (2.) There is a proper account of man ; (3.) The deep necessities of human nature are met; (4.) Something which will wean and deliver man from the plague of his nature, sin ; (5.) Something which does away with caste, and. unites men to one another. The Doctor then went into the external and historical evi dences of Christianity with masterly skill and application. Then came the graphic de lineation of the whole scene of the golden image Nebuchadnezzar set up, the refusal of the three Hebrews to bow, the casting into the furnace, the appearance in the fire of a fourth man like uuto the Son of God, not a moment too soon, nor a moment too late. All the principles of the narrative were ap plied to the daily lives of young men here with a trnth and force quite irresistible. The natural, histrionic depiction of truth by the Doctor must have been a lesson to all teachers and speakers they rarely get. We understand that the Doctor and his son re ceive not one farthing of remuneration for their invaluable services. It is already known that the whole proceeds of the lecture go to the Geelong Yonng Men's Christian Association Building Fund. At the conclusion of the lecture, Dr. Somer ville said he gratefully acknowledged the support of ministers of every association'; he thanked Mr Gnrr, the indefatigable Secretary'; the flower garden of the choir, and the Press for the kindly notices it had given, apd requested it would look as favor-; ably on their efforts as truth would, allow., Mr II. Gillespie moved a vote of thanks to Dr. Somerville and:his son, which was' seconded by the Rev. C. S. Y. Price, and carried. Mr G. M. Hitchcock then moved, and Mr Thompsonseconded, a vote of thanks to the Mayor for presiding, which was also carried and suitably acknowledged.' The singing of the hymn, " Dare to be a Daniel," concluded the proceedings. ' , 