SALE OF THE MAIN ROAD COACH- ING PLANT. On Friday Mr. W. T. Bell, instructed by Mr Samuel Page, sold at the well- known stables, Patterson street, a large portion of the coaching plant, consisting of forty-two horses, five coaches, and sundries. There was a large attendance of purchasers and the horses brought good prices, ranging from £4 to £20. The stage coaches, proper, brought from £12 to £20 ; but the two Yankee coaches only sold for £3 10s and £3 15s ; while a break sold at £10, a horseworks chaff- cutter £15. The harness and stable re- quisites brought fair prices. Mr. Page's coaches were of the genuine old English mail and stage coach stamp, and they de- lighted the eyes of many travellers, wearied with the monotony of railway travelling, who heartily enjoyed the good old English style of travelling, which reached its zenith when William the Fourth was King, and then faded away before the irresistible power of the "iron horse" with its rushing ponderous train. Here as elsewhere, the "Highflyer" stage coach has to make way for the train, but xxx conducted by Mr. Page for so many years without regret. Up to the present year Tasmania was, in regard to English stage coach travelling, more English than the English themselves, and this was one of the charms which caused visitors from the neighboring colonies, especially old colo- nists, to love the "tight little island" for reminding them so forcibly of "home". Mr. Page first ran a coach between Oat- lands and Hobart Town in 1847, and then competed with Mr. Cox along the whole line between Hobart Town and Launces- ton, and in 1849 he purchased the plant from Mrs Cox. He sold the line of coaches to Mr. James Lord, who kept it in prime order for six or seven years, when he re-sold the line and plant to Mr. Page. About ten years ago Mr. Brown, of Vic- toria, brought over some Yankee coaches, to which he attached half-broken horses by primitive looking harness, and mount- ing them with reckless drivers made a determined attempt to break down Mr. Page. But the result was the other way, and Mr. A. Burbury, who arranged a more systematic opposition, had also to "cave in." We shall probably meet the stage coaches sold at Mr. Page's stables on Friday many years hence tearing along to and from Nine Mile Springs, George Town, Scottsdale, Ringarooma, Moorina alias Krushka's Bridge, or to and fro amongst other townships not yet named. We shall not lose sight of them altogether until they change by wear and tear into mere ghosts of what they were in the glorious days when they had the honor of carrying Her Majesty's mails. 