YORKE'S PENINSULA. [From our own Reporter. j June 27. The last week has been as prolific of events as its predecessor was barren. On Tuesday, June 19, a deputation, consisting of gentlemen from the three towns, but mostly from Kadina, proceeded to 'Yacka to attend a meeting held there on the 21st, and support the extension of the Barunga line to that district. The meet ing was largely attended, and a good deal of discussion ensued. The result, however, was unfavorable to the inhabitants of the Penin sula. Resolutions were passed in favor of an ' extension or a June trom iJlyth s Plains to Georgetown, which, if constructed, would put an end to all hopes of the extension of the Barunga line. There were no great argu ments used in favor of this preference, the general impression being apparently that the Government would not grant an extension of the Barunga line so readily as one of the Blyth line, the value of which notion is self -apparent. The matter had been cut and dried beforehand, so much so that a printed memorial had actually been got up in anticipa tion of the result. The proposer of the resolu tion withdrew his support from it, being con vinced of the superiority of the line via Barunga. I wish it to be understood that in making these remarks I am not endeavoring to impute any unfairness. The Peninsula deputation was well received and accorded a patient audience, and cannot complain on this score. Their side of the question, however, had not been ventilated in the district before, and their arguments were consequently without force to those whose sym pathies had already been enlisted on behalf of the (so to speak) opposition, and whose support had been actually canvassed and promised. There is a good deal of sympathy with the pro meters of the Barunga scheme, and a memorial in favor of that route is now being got up, and will shortly be circulated for signature in the Districts of Yackmorundie, Koolunga, Bunda leer, &c;, when, I doubt not, the number of signatures that will be attached will bear out these assertions. A meeting to advocate this line is to be held at Mr. Freebairn's farm on the 3rd proximo, which is to be attended by several people from Yacka. I understand a local matter, postal arrangements, is also to be dis cussed. As to the^r postal facilities, a few words suffice to sun them up — they have none. It is not improbable that action will be taken on the Peninsula with reference to the extension of tbe Barunga line. Exception is being taken to the site chosen for the terminus, which is go situated that it is inaccessible to heavily laden waggons from the northern side, being thus deprived of a main portion of its utility. Why it should have been situated there rather than on the low plains, a little beyond, it is difficult to understand. Rumor has it that a survey has been made considerably beyond the present site, and land reserved, and that a triangular block has been surveyed for a town ship near Black Point. The meeting at Can dowie Plains will urge upan the Government to lay out a township there, as there is none in the district. All along the road to Yacka, through the districts, the crops are coming round splen didly, In many instances too fast, and every- . where signs of the prosperity of the season are - are being manifested. Sportsmen will ?. be glad to learn that fat turkeys, wild ducks, ; and plover abound, and these festive marsupials, the kangaroos, are also very plentiful.. The survey of the Barunga line is dragging along but slowly, only close upon 10 miles out of the 26 having been completed. The mention of this reminds me of the fact that a meeting was held on Saturday last at the Wallaroo Mines to urge upon the Government the necessity of providing employment to thoc ; recently thrown out of work, and those who will shortly lie. . r The depression of the copper market is being felt more and more. The tribute- workings : are being stopped at several of the mines, including someattneMoonta,andthislatter Company has, I fancy for the first time, not paid its usual quarterly dividend. The reason of this is not of course known, but it may fairly be attributed to the -low -.price of copper. In view of this state of; .affairs, the miners regret the delay in commencing the construction of the Barunga Railway in the face of the promises -to that effect, now^ome weeks old, made by the Government. They have, however, spoken for : themselves, and that, temperately and reason : ably. The meeting to : consider this matter was ' largely attended, m ^derate views'were expressed, . and resolutions were passed: urging upon lie ?; 43pvernment to commence the earthwork, and .'^row^topen to, miners. in. smalLcontractsjfor i six or a dozen .men, or else to afford them em ployment iai raising ballast.. They expressed gratitude to the people of Kadina,. who had previously urged the point on their behalf, but thought; it proper' to aet also in their, own behalf. It is to be hoped attention will be paid', to their representations, cand titst early.- A delay of a week or two is not a matter of much moment to Government, officials, - but it :is a very', serious., thing -to a steady laboring man when he sees, to use a homely pnrase?all going put and nothing coming in. A few fresh contracts have been accepted for tut work at the Wallaroo -J|fines- but they will not afford employment for many. ._ . Another event of importance has been a meeting held at Hall's Shaft, Moonta Mines, on Saturday; last, to consider: the reply of the ' Destitute Board to the communicationf orwarded by the deputation appointed on the mines. In my last I referred to this reply, and stated that the Board had upheld the action of their Eelieving-Officer. To this the deputation answered in effect that the Board's conception and theirs of a proper dispensation of relief to the poor widely differed. . The meeting to con sider further action was largely attended. The speakers. though warm in their denunciations.did not exceed due limits. Resolutions were passed expressing the feeling of the people that the relief waS inadequate, and it was resolved to lay the matter before Parliament, .through the. members for the district. The general desire is that a loc^l Board of Advice should, be formed, by which means the fullest enquiry, would bs made into^ each case of destitution, and justics would be secured* _.... Those -v^hq are taking action in the matter ap pear to be very earn*, et, and the Corporation of Moonta at their last sitting passed a resolu tion promising their assistance ia any measure appealing to the Governor and Executive to carry out section No. 27 of Act 26, of 1872 (The Act by which- the Board is regulated} this section providing for the constitution of - ^uch.a .Board as. advocated). Several of the Councillors commented very strongly on some of the statements in the^lettei from the Desti tute Board. The matter is causing some stir. ,. A public meeting was held on Monday, the 18th, at Green's Plains, as I mentioned in my last letter, to urge upon the Government to replace on ? the schedule the main road from Port Wakefield, taken off in consequence of the construction of the railway. A good deal of discussion took place, and it was eventually resolved to petition Government to replace it on the schedule, and grant £1,000 in the mean-, time for its repair; A very animated discussion took place concerning the proper sites for rail way stations in the district, and a resolution was carried, but not without opposition,- that there should be two stations — one on the Eastern and the other on the Western Plain. The election of new Councillors and Auditors to the District Council takes place on Monday next, and the following nominations have been : received. For Councillors — Messrs. Wyatt, W. . V. Brown, Grey, Price, D. Brown, Thomas, and : Tait ; - and for Auditors — Messrs. Hosking, Train, Wyatt, and Franklin. These are to fill vacancies of four and two respectively. A little disputation occurred on the nomination-day, the Iteturniag Officer holding that the nomina tions for Councillorships were informal, but he eventually reconsidered che matter, and the election will proceed. A good deal has been said by the press as to the in judiciousness of preparing and signing a memorial praying that Charles Streitman,wko has now been sentenced to death, may be re prieved. It is but right to state that this document was prepared for, and at the request of his unfortunate wife, who has been soliciting signatures herself. Those who have signed it have found it a difficult matter to refuse, had they been so disposed. A ghost, i.e., an ill-disposed and ill-minded person in a white sheet or garment, has been showing itself in Wallaroo. It is to be hoped the police will be successful in their efforts to discover the culprit, who might, perhaps, unin tentionally be the means of doing no small mischief. The streets of Wallaroo are bad enough on dark nights for ladies to walk about, without their being liable to be frightened to death by so sorry a jester. The anniversary services of the Welsh Church Sabbath-school have been unusually successful. On Sunday the Institute Hall was crowded to overflowing, and people had to be turned away fromthe doors. Apublic meeting on Monday night was also very numerously attended. The children had their treat this afternoon, a;id have been (as Artemus Ward would say) 'pro- cessing' through the town with waving banners, and headed by bands. It is somewhat depressing to turn from this io the fact that three young boys have recently been convicted at the Police Court of commit ting petiy thefts from stores. On consideration o:C the?r age they were let off on. their fathers undertaking to chastise them soundly. We have had a good deal of rain lately in showers, but not too much te be unpleasant, and otherwise the weather is fine and bracing. 