HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Toesday, July 3. PETITIONS PRESENTED. By Mr. MANN, from 75 agriculturists, asking the House to authorise tha construction of a railway from Blyth to Gladstone. By Mr. DUNCAN, from 70 farmers and other residents of Green's Plains, praying the House to authorise the construction of a railway from Port Wakefield and Salisbury. QUESTIONS. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS, in answer to Mr. Kay, said the attention of the Government had not been directed to the means of egress provided at the different public places in the City of Adelaide, with a view of deter mining whether they were sufficient to afford recessary protection against risk of acci dent in tbe event of an alarm of fire arising. — In answer to Mr. Sinclair, he said provision would be made in the new Waterworks Bill for extension of the water supply to Carrondown and Brompton Park. — In reply to Mr. Dtojcan, be said the Destitute Persons Relief Act, 1872, placed all funds voted by Parliament for relief of destitute poor under the administration of the Destitute Board, and in compliance with the Act a representative officer was appointed at Wallaroo. The Govern ment would call upon the Chairman of the Des titute Board to report upon the manner in which relief was administered on Yorke's Pe ninsula. — In answer to Mr. Mann, he said it was the intention of the Government to intro duce a Bill for proceeding with the Port Broughton Jetty. The MINISTER of AGRICULTURE and EDUCATION, in answer to Mr. Basedow, said there was no school building belonging to the Council of Education at Angaston. The Coun cil recognised the necessity of providing a suit able building there, and provision therefore would be submitted for the approval of Parlia ment during tbe present session. — In reply to Mr. Krichauff, he said a room had been offered as a telegraph office at Stirling East, but it was not considered suitable. If suitable premises could not be obtained provision would be made on the Supplementary Estimates for the' erection of a small office on a site con venient to the inhabitants of both Stirling East and Crafers, and to travellers by the mail coaches. — In answer to Mr. Darukg, he said tbe Government had con sidered tbe question of causing cipher telegrams to be transmitted throughout the colony at ordinary rates, but did not propose to reduce them, inasmuch that all snch messages were repeated back to ensure accuracy, and they also gave more trouble in transmission. — The ATTORNEY- GENERAL, in reply to Mr. WiGLBy, 8a id the cost of the South-East Circuit Court for the year ending Slst December, 1869, was £384 19s.; 1870, £425 16s. ; 1871, £304 9s. 3d.; 1872, £334 17s. 3d. ; 1873, £392 16s. 4d.; half-year ending June 30, 1874, £197 17s. ; year ending 1875, £358 17s. Id.; 1876, £402 4s. 2d. For year, ending June 30, 1877, vouchers were not completed nor obtainable. This included tbe travelling and other expenses of the Judges and officers of the Court while on Circuit, excluding Jurors' and witnesses' ex penses.— In answer to Mr, Kbichautf he stated that it was now proposed to include the new Real Property offices in the general public offices to be erected in Victoria-square, compe titive designs for which bad been invited. The plans would be submitted to Parliament daring the present session, and the cost would depend upon tbe plans ultimately adopted. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS, in reply to Mr. Basedow, said a Bill was in print, and the Government hoped to introduce it during the following week, to carry out the resolution passed in November, 1876, affirming the advisableness of tbe destruction of rabbits on Crown lands. PARK LANDS BILL. Tbe MINISTER of AGRICULTURE and EDUCATION moved— 'That he have leave to introduce 'A Bill for an Act to authorise the granting to the Council of Education portion of certain Park Lands.'' He said a similar Bill had been introduced last session, bat it included the Park Lands at Port Augusta and Wallaroo, as well as the Park Lands at Kadina included in tbe present Bill. At Port Augusta and Wal lerco sites had been found for schools, but at Kadina it was impossible to do so. The Council of Education were extremely desirous of having a site, and he did not think the same objections would apply to this Bill as did to the last one. — The motion was carried, and the Bill was introduced and read a first time. The second reading was fixed for the following Tuesday. CROWN LANDS CONSOLIDATION BILL SECOND READING. Adjourned Debate. — Mr. COGLIN believed tbat tbe Bill, with the exception of two clauses, was only worth the paper it was printed od. One clause related to granting mineral leases for 99 years, and the other to the extension of the area of agricultural land to 1,280 acres. The way to have prosperity and induce immi gration was to bave a liberal Land Act similar to that in force in Queensland. The 33 Acts introduced since the original Wakefield system was in force had never worked harmoniously. Strangways Act had worked pretty well, but the present Act would never attract population, nor would any Act until it was made much more liberal. The squatters had been the pioneers of the country, and on land not fit for agriculture they should be encouraged to settle by allowing them to have the land at a much lower rate than was proposed in the present Bill. When the Bill left Committee it would be so mutilated that it could not be recognised as the Bill they were now discussing. He was of opinion that a person should be allowed to get as many acres as he could afford to, so long as the land was cultivated. Nearly «11 the land shonld be sold at £1 per acre, and never at a higher price than £2 per acre. The same inducements should be given to miners as were given in Victoria. They had gold and copper in the colony, but they had never been developed, because no in ducements to do so had been offered by the Government. The whole of the reclaimed lands in the South-East should be sold at £1 per acre, and not at £3, the price mentioned by Mr. Glyde. The Bill was not such a one as he expected from the present liberal Government,' as they should have classified the lands so that scrub lands could be. sold at 10a. per acre. Surveys shonld be also carried out in such a manner as to prevent a ]ierson getting small sections sur veyed to pick out out all- the good alluvial ground in outlying districts. That had been done in the past, but should not be done in the future. He lived in hopes of one day seeing a more liberal Land Bill than had at present been introduced. Mr. J. DUNN said the Act was one of great importance, as it consolidated tbe whole of their land laws. He would deal with the details of the Bill in Committee, and would view the Bill from three standpoints— that was from the squatting, mineral, and agricultural standpoints. The squatters were the pioneers who made way for civilization, and he was sorry that the Commissioner of Crown Lands had said he could not give the same consideration to the squatting as to the mining interests. The reason would be found to be that .the squatter had had his day, and squatting would have to givo way to agriculture. All stations were to some extent model farms, and gave people an idea of what could grow on the runs. He hoped that the same liberality would be shown to the squatting as to the mining interests when the Bill was in Committee. He did not approve of the 5 per cent, on the pro fits being taken by the Government, as the prizes in mining were few compared to the blanks. The most important part of the Bill was that portion relating to agriculture, as errors in the first two portions could be remedied, but if a mistake were made about the agricultural part of the Bill it could not. They were parting with the land for ever. In parting with the land they were, however, benefiting themselves by keeping a population in the colony, and the best way to keep them was not to allow the free hold of the land to be too soon obtained. Mr. DABLING, in supporting the second reading of the Land Bill, alluded to the great strides made in land legislation since tbe Wakefield eighty acre section system. Since the passing of Strangways Act the export of cereal* had considerably increased. In 1869-70 the exports were valued at £35,741, while since the passing of the Act the lowest annual value was £69,C64, or nearly double, while one yeax the amount exported was valued at £102,581. He could not agree with tbat part of the Bill extending tbe area of agricultural land for selection to 1,280 acres, as 640 acres was quite sufficient, very few of tbe farmers at present having selected up to 610 acres. It was the intention of the Government to place bona fide workers on the land, but unless they were very careful they would place speculators on it. and increasing the area would tend to bring about that state of things. He approved of people after selecting 640 acres not being allowed to select a second time. He agreed with auction pure and simple, as if land were worth more than £1 per acre the Government should get its worth. The high prices given for land in the past he believed had been caused by the limited quantities put up for sale at one time, and even then many farmers had to go away without get ting any land. Substituted residence bad acted very prejudiciouBly to the interests of the country and should -be done away with. (No, no.) He approved of the rent of mineral lands being reduced to Is. per acre on a 99 years lease. The percentage should be reduced from 5 per cent to 2J. Mr. Cowan's remarks on the pastoral leases seemed to flavor of 10 or 15 years i-go, when there were great divisions between the farmers and squatters. He thought that the squatters shonld be liberally treated, although, he did not think that the pastoral lessees had paid sufficient in the past. To show that he would quote some figures showing the exports since 1870. The value of breadstuffs shipped in 1870-71, was £1,253.429,- in 1871-72, £§60,202; in 1873, £1,711,746; in 1874-5, £1,680,296; in 1875-6, £l,300,CC0. It was generally admitted that there were from 7,000 to 9.C00 farmers in the province, and that there were about three adult men to each farm. So that there must be at least 23,000 to 24,000 persons engpged in sericulture. They had 250, say SCO owners of leases against 8,000 or 9,000 persons engaged in farming, and he would now give them tbe shipments of wool. In 1870 these amounted to £1.000,314; in 1871, £1,250.689; in 1872, £1.692,609; in 1C7S, £1,808,622; in 1874, £1,998,939; and in 1875, £2,066,227. If the squatters did not employ more than 4,000 men in the production of what amonnted to far more than the actual production of 9,000 men, the country, be argued, -was not receiving suf ficient. The fanners would not be able to, go very far north, and beyond where they could go the Government should allow the squatters to have land, with an increased certainty of tenure, but they should get more than an average of a farthing per acre, for the land. Mr. MANN had criticised the- measure intro duced last session somewhat severely, as be h-d believed that {he Government had not intended to pass the Bill. Subsequent events had shown the justice of that idea. (No.) The scheme now before the Government was a- great ipi provement , on tbe Acts now inV;'|an-e.- He -believed; however, that the Government would find that they had made a mistake in introducing in one Bill what it would have beat better to have divided into three. The various matters relating to tbe three interests were of a totally different character, and being . placed in one Bill they might cause the Bill to break down of Its own weight. Land Bills were standing subjects for discussion, and it was -strange to notice how members had veered round in their opinions on the subject. Persons at present most either pay a high price for the land or stand out altogether ; and although, the Bill improved on that, yet it still kept up the : unhealthy system of people bidding against each other in the auction-room. He did not believe that the Government scheme would work, as it was very cumbrous, and would neces sitate a large number of auctions in one day. He bad some new clauses to introduce, and he asked the hon. members to consider them. His idea was that when new Hundreds were thrown . . open for selection any one wanting land in any particular Hundred should put in his ap plication, which would state that he was prepared to give so much for the section. When selecting the land the applicant would calculate how much he would be able to give for each section. He then sent in the applica tion, and as soon as the .list of applicants was prepared, the highest tenderer could make his ' selection, and if he took land applied for by any one else, the second person applying could have his application deposit returned, or else have his name placed at the bottom of the list, so as to select the same day whatever land might be left. That system would do away with the undue excitement of auction rooms. The clauses proposed by him would effect the object desired better than the Government clauses. He agreed with personal residents having the selection, whatever amount might be tendered by others who took advantage of the substituted resident clause. He noticed a clause in the Bill which contained the same principle as appeared in a Bill, introduced by him last session, but which was thrown out. He was glad to see that the Government had altered their opinion. Not only the Government had changed their opinion, but so had other mem bers of Parliament. 'With reference to the Land Act the words of Shakespeare would apply— ' Age cannot wither it. Nor custom stale its infinite variety.' He agreed with the increased area, and with a person who bad once selected 1,280 acres not being allowed to make a second selection. He agreed with the Crown Lands Tribunal, and be did not tbink that the powers granted to the Commissioner of Crown Lands would be abused as the Commissioner would have the people and the Press against him. He did not notice any alteration in the Scrub Lauds Act, and thought that the 11th schedule was the same as the Act now in force. The clauses could be liberalised with advantage, and he would support that being done. The pastoral laws were in a great state of confusion, and care should be taken that none were omitted. The mineral laws should be made as liberal as possible, and suc cessful mines should be made to pay. He was in favor of the rent being charged, but thought that the royalty should be reduced to 2§ per cent. Tbe gold-mining clauses would be un workable if there were anything t3 bring the Act into operation. If an alluvial rush took place one person could take up a number of leases, and so occupy the whole gold-bearing country, there being no limit to the number of leases a person could take out. If he could not carry his own scheme he would support the one proposed by tbe Government. Tbe MINISTER of AGRICULTURE and EDUCATION reciprocated the congratulations poured forth so abundantly by the last hon. mem ber, and admitted that he did propose the system of tender, butasareason justifying thechange of opinion he referred to the argument against tender submitted by Mr. Mann. Referring to the speech of Mr.Glyde, he said it was very un fair and ungenerous to the Government, and he should challenge much that Mr. Glydesaid. The hon. member said the Government did not in tend to pass tbe measure last session, but he said they did, and would have sat as loug as it might be necessary to pass the measure. Mr. Glyde, in speaking on this subject, applied the word unscrupulous to the Ministry, and also stated that it was well understood that he (the Minister of Agriculture and Education) was never t j be Commissioner of Crown Lands. He did rot not know anything to justify Mr. Glyde in UBingthe term unscrupulous, nor was there any reasoD for his saying that it was understood that he (the Minister of Agriculture and Education) would never be Commissioner of Crown Land*. There was no understanding of the sort, and if a man asserted that which he knew to be untrue, or did not know to be untrue, then the term un scrupulous would better apply to him. Mr. Glyde had no right to use his position in that House to make assertions which he well knew he had not the ghost of a chance of proving. As Mr. Glyde had come down to the House and had shown that he still insisted on the exploded views he held years ago, he (the Minister) would just refer to those views. He then quoted the Hon. Mr. Glyde's celebrated five reasons, and then went on to ask what did Mr. Glydo tell them in that House the other day. Why, that their chil dren would curse their memories for what they had done in counectit.n with this land legislation. He was not going to utter any prediction or endeavor to give any pro pbeciep, but he would give a few statistics which would show the actual result of the work ing of the land regulations, and then he would ask them to fairly consid. r the position as be tween the Hon. Mr. Glyde and the Government, and to say who were best representing the in terests of the country. They were also told that it was an experiment, and that they did not know the result. Ten years ago the system of selling the Crown lands for cash was in full force, and the law of the country did not admit of any land being sold on credit, and this had been the basis of reform. The Northern districts, including tLe Counties of Frome, Stanley, Victoria, Eyre. Burra, Kimberley, Dalliousie, Herbert, and Daly, which, with the exception of that strip of country from Auburn up to Clare, was 10 years back unoccupied by farmers. It consisted either of open sheep runs, lands leased from the Crown, or private estates uncultivated. The population of the Northern district in 1867-S. was 23.552; now it was 50,803; showing that since the establishment of the credit system tbe population had been nearly doubled in the North. The quantity of land sold in that dis trict in 1867-8, was 949,672 ; in 1S76-7, it was 3,020,873. The land cultivated in that district instead of being as it was 10 years ago 100,911 acres, now numbered 719,177 acres, so that they would see that the population had nearly doubled, and the land alienated from the Crown was nearly trebled, and . cultivation had increased sevenfold. 'With such a result as that was it likely that their children would curse their memories? The stock in the neighborhood had increased at the same time, notwithstanding the sevenfold increase in cultivation. The sheep had increased from 1.021.544 to 1,364.034; horses from 9,208 tt- 33,668; and cattle from 10,838 to 31,860. Did that not fbow that they were on the right track and afford a substantial answer to Mr. Glyde's prediction. Take another district, that of Yorke'B Peninsula. He would limit his com parison to County Fergusson, which included the southern portion of Yorke'a Peninsula, to which it was proposed to give adlitional electoral representation. In this district he did not include Green's Plains, or the somewhat older se tiled district between Clinton and Moonta. It would be seen that the figures were quite as striking as those he had already quoted. The population had gone up from 423 to 3,982, and the land sold from 1,172 acres to 400,647 acres. The land cultivated in that limited area had gone from 333 acres to 83,614 acres. There was in that district, and no wonder considering its limited area, 162,800, which had decreased to 80,955. but the horses had increased from 1,087 to 4,217 and the cattle from from 1,344 to 6,569. The return also gave the same particulars with respect to South-East, Western and North, and North-East pastoral districts, but he would not trouble the House with those. Having given those figures, and having proved the great results which Lad accrued from the adoption of tbe credit system, probably Mr. Glyde would torn round and say chat this- might. be all very. true, but that they had been depopulating the old districts. If tbat.wereso, his (the Minister's) case would not be Complete, but be would show that such was not the case. Take the Central District from the northern bank of the River Murray to the River Wakefield, including the Counties of Adelaide, Gawler, Light, Hind marsh, Start, and Carnarvon ; the return showed that the population had increased from 121.211 to 136.330; the land sold had increased from . 2,023,439 acres to 2,252,743 acres; the laud.cul tivated had only decreased from 674,526 aores to 634,418 acres. .The sheep had gone up, how ever, from 520,096 to 723,654, the horses from 45,217 to 45,591, and the cattle from 64,314 to 84,213. He thought that those figures ought to satisfy any man in South Australia who had either by word or vote exercised any influence in this question that the value of the system the land reformers had struggled for was abundantly testified. The totals for the whole colony showed that the population had increased from 162,250 to 210,996; the land sold from 3,56S,742 acres to 6,839,235 acres; the laud cultivated from 810,734 acres to 1,514,916 acres ; the sheep from 4,477,445 to 6,133,291 ; the horses from 74,228 to 106,903; and the cattle from 122,200 to 219,441. That was the case upon which he depended to meet the objections raised by Mr. Glyde, and it was only fair and right that they should place their facts against Mr. Glyde's predictions so that the country might know the probable effect which a crisis would have, and what would then be likely to happen in the future. The present Premier (Mr. Col ton) assisted to break down the land monopoly which previously existed, and give credit selection, and the Com missioner of Crown Lands had been an earnest and consistent advocate for opening the Crown lands for credit selection as any one in that House. There was no doubt that Mr. Glyde although he believed concientious, altogether mistook South Australia ; he did not think the hen. gentleman realised what this country was, or what it was capable of. He believed it would be a calamity for South Australia if the Hon. Mr. Glyde were to obtain the reins of power. A poem had came under his notice, written by an author he was very fond of. It was entitled ' King Clog,' and without desiring to be at all offensive he thought it gave a most exact portraiture of the the Hon. Mr. Glyde. It was as follows : — ' He ruled the land with a heavy hand And a placid tyranny. And whenever a boon was asked of him He stared, with a calm amaze, And said, ' Ye foolish people, Ye must stand on the ancient ways — As the world has rolled for ages So must it ever roll.' Then he folded his arms on his bosom And slept, and never heard The measured beat of the trampling feet, Nor the oft-repeated word ; Nor the voices loud resounding, Like waves upon the shore, That proclaimed to the listening nations King Clog shall rule no more.' (Laughter and cheers.) He thought those lines exactly illustrated the character and position of the Hon. Mr. Glyde, and l;e believed if South Australia were polled that day, the inhabitants would say that he was not the man to wield its destinies for the future. While this measure consoli dated the law, it also simplified it. The Govern ment had not been harsh in the past, and while giving expansion to the agricultural interest, they did not wish to harass the pastoral lessees, who were doing good in the occupancy of the country in the meantime. He thought they wou'd be untrue to themselves if they faltered from a course which the figures he had quoted amply proved had been a true and right one, and it was their duty to jealously guard those liberal and advanced principles they had suc cessfully grafted in the land system of this colony. (Cheers.) He rejoiced in the struggle and in the issue. In such a struggle ' Our spears and swords are printed words, The mind our battle plain ; We've won such victories before, And so we shall again.' (Cheers.) Mr. WIGLEY approved of an increased area being granted to farmers as it would prevent the eyes of the country being picked out ; but he was opposed to such full powers being given to the Commissioner of Crown Lands. More power was given to the Commissioner than to the Governor and Judges, and if they should have a rogue or a fool as a Commissioner a great deal of harm might be done. Besides the Bill introduced that un-English principle of making a man give evidence against himself. If there was anything wrong in the ca«e of a selector the matter should be brought before an open Court. He considered that the percentage on mining properties was rather excessive, and as to Park Lands, he intended to introduce a clause allowing other Corporations besides the Adelaide Corporation to lease Park Lands. Tbe COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS, in replying, expressed his pen-onal obligation to hon. members for tbe way in which they had criticised and received th«» measure, and said if they passed this Bill, he thought this session would prove that the statement that the last session was always the most unproductive was not correct. As to the resumption of pastoral lands, he thought an ex tended notice, such as some hon. members urged for, could be granted. (Hear, hear.) He then proceeded to defend the Minister, of Education from the insinuations thrown out by the Hon. H. Glyde. He (the Commissioner) l:ad been described as 'a well-meaning man, and there its ended,' but the Minuter of Agri culture aud Education could not be thus described. (Laughter.) They could not say that he was a well-meaning man, and there's an end of it. (Roars of laughter.) He was either more or less, and no one could doubt his ability. Mr. Glyde had no right to make such insinua tions as he had. Did Mr. Glyde mean to say that theGovernment would sit with men whom they would not tolerate. His colleague had his entire confidence, and as to administration, he believed that Mr. Ward would act as fairly as hinJEelf, indeed he believed he would not be swayed to much by his feelings. (Cheers.) Mr. Glyde's remark was a very unfair one. addressed as it was to a member whose political career had been as consistent as had been any man's in that colony. (Cheers.) As to the office he held he was there by his own preference. It was a matter of consideration whether he should take that office or the Crown Lands, and he preferred the^ Education, as he had been there before, and desired to rebut what was insinuated by Mr. Boucaut, that he could not carry out the duties of the office. (Cheers.) As to the Land Bill, it expressed the matured opinions of the Ministry, and the leading principles ?were fixed by the Minister of Agriculture aud Education and himself. He entirely repudiated the statement that the Minister of Agriculture and Education was not to be or was uufit to be Commissioner of Crown Lands. The motion was carried and the Bill read a second time. It was formally taken into Com mittee and its further consideration was fixed for the following Thursday. EXTRADITION BILL. The Extradition Bill was introduced by message from the Legislative Council, and was read a first time. The second reading was fixed for the following Tuesday. MUNICIPAL CORPORATIONS BILL. This Bill was read a third time and passed. Tbe House adjourned at 5.15 till next day. 