"VICTORIA. fFrom our own Correspondent."! Melbourne, July 34. The rain, the railway discussion, arid the religious revival have been - about- the three all absorbing topics of the week just past. The big storms" New South Wales way appear to have travelled in turn over our way, and judging : from the lashing power of the tail-end we can : imagine that our neighbours must have had a heap of weather by sea and land. With us rain and cold wind were the chief ingredients, including a rise of nine feet in the Yarra, but happily without any disasters of a serious character. I Coming next to the religious phenomenon— for it can be regarded as nothing less, con sidering the character of the average Mel bournife. The Somerville meetings continued crowded to the last, finishing up with a great ! " Christian Convention," held all day from 11 : till 4, and then on again at 7, at the Town Hall. ! This consisted of addresses by ministers, i followed by remarks by any present. One : of the most pleasing features has been ' a midday Saturday gathering of an ; evangelistic character for children. - Dr. Somer i ville has now proceeded to ihe country districts ' ' prior to his departure for the other colonies. He expresses himself as much pleased with : Melbourne and its people, and suggested the [ continuance of the midday prayer meetings in : the city, and also the erection by the religions I bodies of an unsectarian central evangelistic : hall. The religious papers are full of reports of the meetings, and have received, in common with the Young Men's Christian Association, a much-needed impetus by the Doctor's visit. ; The Presbyterians are very sore at the cool \- reception given them by the Bishop; and his uncomplimentary allusion to Independents, Baptists, Sandemanians, and other "dreadful people has not excited any prelatic love in Non conformist circles. On the other hand Dr. Moorliouse has been justly commended for having refrained from any empty " gush" on the subject of union. In the Church of England ' assembly the subject of religious instruction to j the young engaged large attention. Dean j Macartney and others made it the occasion for a ! ' deadly attack upon our " godless" State school i system, which, in their opinion, is doomed j sooner or later to crumble to pieces. Compara- i tively few still cling to the idea that it is any use attempting to din religion into the ! State scholars after school hours, even if any persons, clerical or lay, could be found to under ' take the work. For every reason it is concluded that it is better for the hoys and girls to spend the time " after 4" in hearty outdoor fresh-air amusements. The only solution of the difficult ; question is now generally admitted to he that . Sunday is the best and fittest day for religiously I instructing our youth, and that the natural step j to be taken now is for all Christians to unite in j perfecting in every way the present Sunday ! school system. The Victorian Sunday-School i Union is achieving marked successes in this i direction, but as yet- the Church of England 1 schools have held entirely aloof. | A striking feature in our present Parliament is the number of local preachers in it, and is not a Select Committee now sitting to decide what is a minister, and including in its enquiry such abstruse questions as faith in the Holy Ghost? The first disputed election case—that ottheWesieyan lo^'preacher—was aoon disposed; of. : Dr, . Hearn;wa*wJVot 'allowed to oast the sitting member,Mr. Magregor, the Committeeruling that satisfactory evidence hiad been afforded to prove that' a"local" is— neither in the eyes of the; law or of his own denomination—tobe regarded as a fall-blown parson. The nextcase-^that of Mr. Daviea, which is not yet decided—is of a more complicated character. Thie' sitting member admits having been-onthe list of Independent clergymen. ana the whole question for the Committee to decide hinges on the time his resignation was forwarded to the Registrar-General. The contention against him is' that - it was not formally and legally accepted till after his election. £A tele gram has since informed us that Mr. Davies retains his seat.] 111 ' ; i With the memory still green &b; to. the stone walling-that the McCalloch Government's rail way proposals met with,1 it is positively re-' freshing to behold the-change now that Mr. Berry sits on'the right'side of the House. A whole Railway' Bil! is passed in less than no time, and moreover a Bill including five of the identical lines proposed by Sir James McCalloch. The House last week assented to the following, viz.:—Stawell to Horsham, 48£ 'miles; Springs to Wahgu'nyah. 14 miles; Dunolly to St. Arnaud, 34 miles; Avenel to ' Shepparton, 44£ miles; and Woodend to Daylesford, 26 mites. Only ■ two -other lines are proposed to take the place of the six additional ones pro posed by the. last .Government. These -are a short" sporting" line to the Geelong Racecourse and a direct 'line connecting Melbourne with the Gippsland Railway at Oakleigh, a suburb about ten miles from the city. One reason 'for' the great reduction in the length of lines'1 the 1 present Government offers for the money is. due to the fact of a difference of opinion as to cost between the- present and the last Minister of Railways. Mr. Woods reckons at £5,570 par mile, with £6,400 per mile for the gradients,'' instead of the £4,250 per mile estimated by the i McOulloch 'Government. The battle of the "direct line"-to Oakleigh versus the "outer: circle" has yet to be fought. In the meantime the public have expressed themselves' very strongly upon the subject. The line proposed by the Government- would run over the same ground as the Hobson's Bay line, would cost £243,000, and - include an ugly roadway on stilts over the streets, a bridge over the Yarni, and the cutting up of our Botanical Gardens. The outer - circle advo cates are making a stir outside, hut are not likely to get enough votes in the House. ' The strongest argument against the direct line is that running powers, over the Hobson's Bay line can be secured for much less than £2,000 per amium, whereas' the interest on the proposed new line would be more like £10,000 per annum; and farther, the capital saved would go to build something like forty miles of country lines. The necessity of pushing on without delay to the South. Australian border is acknowledged on all hands. The Minister also admits that very soon it will he necessary for our safety, and comfort to put up a decent central station in place of the present collection of sheds which do duty at the Govern ment terminus. A meeting of the citizens 'is called to protest against the impending disfigure ment of the city. It is not improbable that the. Government will agree to make a compromise. The.rail way discussion brought on the novelty of a " scene," which, while it lasted, was as up roarious as those in the paling Stonewall days. An ex- Minister on Mr. Berry's side called out — " The lion, member has Baid what is untrue and - what he knows to be untrue." The offending member, on an apology being demanded, brought . down the House by replying in Mr. Monro's now historic words—" Never, never, never.". This set the Chamber agog, and brought a number of members to their feet. As often happens, a jocular turn suddenly snuffed out thefiame. A prosy member was laying downj the law and deploring that one of the hon. j fraternity had been accused of the enormity of practising " equivocation and hypocrisy." " We all do it," roared out Mr. L. L. Smith. This ejaculation sent .the House into screams > of laughter, and restored good humour. The same member has followed up the discussion about selectors' mortgages by a proposition which is liberal enough to excite even the envy of the " People's Ministry." The grand idea is the establishment of *' a National Bank of Issue and Deposit, with a circulating capital equal to half the present market value of all the unsold laud in Victoria (reserves excepted), and with power to advance money on tbe security of the unimproved value of lands at a fixed rate of interest." The Treasurer has laid on the table his estimate oE expenditure for the year 1877-8. The Budget speech is to follow next week. The Estimates do not include the public works vote. The total may therefore be taken as showing the ordinary cost for the Government of the colony. The total to be provided for is £2,930,717. As was naturally to be expected of a People's Ministry . with such strong theories as to economy, the Estimates are a considerable advance on those last prepared by Sir James McGnlloch. Public Instruction requires £4S4,599—nearly half, a million a year for the ■" three It's"; in a colony of 800,000 souls! The sum is an advance of £32,027 upon last year's amount. The Defence vote shows £57,319 for land forces and £22,815 for naval defences; The total shows an increase of £4,090 in consequence of an extra .outlay in the purchase of Martini-Henry rifles. No doubt this vote will have to.be further increased when Sir "William Jervois's report is to hand. This latter is expected to be laid before the House to-day. The Post and Telegraph services re quire £25,000 extra, and the estimate for the department of Bail ways and Boads is £56,918 above that of. the previous year, consequent upon the increased expenditure for general rail way purposes. The Treasurer has adopted the admirable plan of - printing in columns, not only the amount in each case voted last year, but also in the case of salaries the amount of the increment, and of the maxima and minima of each class. This enables hon. members not versed in figures to see at a glance where any. increase is proposed. Professor Pearson has already sent in a pro gress report. It deals chiefly with the condition of the central office, and is ]ust the document that might have been expected from the pen of any Civil Service permanent head. The present staff is reported to be insufficient to compass the overwhelming work, and an increase in" the number of officers is accordingly recommended. ~ Better accommodation is also regarded as a necessity. To obviate the delay that arises at one portion of the year in the payment of the teachers' salaries it is suggested that a vote for thirteen months instead of twelve should be taken so as to keep the Department always a month ahead. Incidentally Professor Pearson expresses a hope that it may be found possible to abolish entirely the system of payment by results. The Minister of Education, Major Smith, does not believe in the good old maxim, " Spare the rod, spoil the child." He has jnst issued an order which does more credit to bis heart than his head. It in effect banishes the birch from the State schools. Corporal punishment is to be inflicted by head teachers only, and a record of it and the offence is to be kept in a book. The punishment is only to be resorted to " when all other means have failed, and when administered it is to be sur rounded with as much ceremony as possible, so as to leave a greater impression upon the mind than on the body." The very worst resnlts are to be feared from this tender-hearted circular. The boys and girls have at once learned all about it, and it will go a long way towards paralysing discipline in the schools. The colonial yonth is noted for bis precocity and restlessness nnder control, and be is none the worse for a good wholesome birching judiciously administered. "Without this the probabilities of his developing into a larrikin are increased tenfold. In the sporting world here coursing has now attained a place second onlj to Cup racing. During the week the Victorian Coursing Club have held their grand annual meeting, the contest for the "Waterloo Cup being the chief attraction. The extent • of the interest may be judged by the ■ fact that the " Cup" first prize is £500, the second £200, and in addition distributed amongst the rest over £500. The entries number 64 grey hounds at £25 each. Very large sums are spent on imported dogs. The increase in the interest is no doubt largely due to the enormous amount of betting on the various events. The book makers take as kindly to dogs as to horses, and the public are as delighted to be gulled by help of the lesser quadruped as by its nobler friend the horse. Football continues to flourish. _ Last : Saturday 6,000 persons assembled to witness the match between Melbourne and Carlton, and | over £70 was voluntarily placed in a hat nailed j up at the sate. These are the two leading Clubs, and the excitement over the matches 'is I always great. This year Carlton is beating the j metropolitan Club hollow. You are to be I visited by a Victorian team from the Melbourne ] Club next month. It is stated that the majority ! of the best men will go. Our men were beaten ! in Sydney owing to the difference in the rules. I The success of the Carlton men this season is I due to their habit of working well together in j the field, and if South Australian footballers 1 expect to have any chance against Victoria they had better go into constant practice of that branch of the game which is known as "little marks." 