AN OPEN VERDICT ■Si: a!new itovixj.;;, .H ! I Ihr TH* Author or " Lady Audrey's Secret," u Takbt at thb Flood," " Dbad Mes's' Shobs," "Wbavbhs ^d Wbft," fcc. " * I TPublished by special arrangement with the Author. AQ rights reserved.] Chapter XXVL-^-GYRtb Renounces -Love.and Fortune, - „. 3yril Cwverhouse was a "miserable "man"." U woman he loved, the .only woman be ever loved—was free to become bis wife,"1 dowered with estates worth ten thousand a year, and yetheheld himsejf aloof; froth her, and shrank; fronrany acfcyyhich should ratify in the present the'tieJthat had hound them iii the past; • He who1 shoidd-have been the first to-console the fatherless.girl in the hour of bereavement and desolation, to support arid qounsel her under the diffi-! culties of sudden mdehenderice—he whose heart yearned to'wards ner in her loneliness, stood apart and allowed: her to believe him cold and heartless.:. The struggle had been. a hard one—but'after many troubled : days and wakeful nights he had made up his mind that it must he. so. Beatrix arid he couldc heyer go hand in hand along the path of life.. The, cloud that bring over her young life might he a shadowwhicih the light of truth would by and by dispbl, but-unfcil the truth should appear, broad-and clear as sunlight, he coidd-net"tahe,jBeatrixf;Harefield:td his hearty lie (tould^otbiridhis life with,hers., s.J)id he hplieve her guilty of that last and Worst of crimes, the murder of a father? Hardly. But he was not ftilly assured of icnocerice.His mindhadbeen wracked with douhtr—ever, since that day of the naquest when he had stood m. the doorway jgid watched her pale stricken face and listened to; her falteririg - words. There is^ Nothing that the human mind more unwil lingly believes fhari a stra^e ajiriciderice; and that cotocidence of MissHarefield's pur ^base of: the; laudanum -'Within /a wefek of her father's death by. laudanum had been too much for Cyril's faith.' Had his be loved been a penniless orphan and no worldly gain to pe had from loving her, he might have rec°nc^ed his" doubt with his. honor and married her, trusting to time; for the elucidation of. the mystery that mow stained her young ;life with tiie taint of possible guilt. - But in this case there was too much for him to win-— and in every feeling that drew hiin to Beatrix he recognised a snare of Satan, little by little he had come to know that public opinion in Little Yafford—and even in the neighboring town of Great Yafford —had condemned Beatrix Harefield. Every detail of her conduct had been canvassed. Her late appearance on the morning of her father's death -was taken as an evidence of. guilt. She had feared to face the catas trophe her crime! had brought about, and had feigned sleep to stave off the appalling moment. Or she had-^imulated that heavy slumber in order to support her story about the iaudanum. Her. suggestion that her fathier should he sought for in a certain room, and the fact that he was found in that very room.7 Hei1 lame story—obviously . an after-thought—Of the laudanum bottle \- in her mother's room. The fact that an '«njpty bottle had been found there proved nothing. Beatrix had no doubt placed it where it was found. There hadbeen ample time for her to do so between the first and second meeting of the Coroner's iury; Then as to. motive? Well, one nee'd..not look very far for that, argued Little Yafford. Mr? Harefield had been a tyrant, and . had made his daughter's life miserable. She saw in his death a release from a stern gaoler, with the assurance of wealth and independence.- Everybody knew—thanks to' her deav, frank Mrs. Dulcimer—how cruelly the wretched girl had been treated, even forbidden to visit the Vicarage, where she had always been so happy. And then there was that secret love affair, which had been spoken about at the inquest. - That would give a still stronger motive than her "own wrongs. The more literary of Little Yafford, gentlemen who had upped into old magazmes and Annual Registers, quoted the case of Miss Blandy, an. unfortunate young woman in the last centuiy who had given Henley-on-Thames, the place of her hirth and: residence, a , classic fame, by poisoning her father with ratsbane mixed in his water-gruel. - Again, as to character. Everybody who •was familiar with Miss Harefreld—by meeting her occasionally in her. drives ancl rides, or seeing her "once a. week at church —was aware that she was a girl of reserved and. .even melancholy temperament, from whohi anything strange in conduct or morals might be expected. Then again she was of. foreign extraction, on the mother's side, and as such prone to crime. She was Italian, and with a natural leaning to poison and parricide.' And again those' stock figures of the" "Borgia and Cenci were . brought. forward, and, contemplated shud deringly in the lurid glare of their guilt. Some weak-minded persons clung to the idea that Mr. Harefield liad taken ah oyer- : dose of npium>unwittirigly, but: this tame I and uninteresting theory was scouted by . "the majority. : "If Miss Hai-efield had not been- an ' heiress we should have heard a good deal . :mbre about her father's death," said Miss j ^Cdyney,t graining' her. pretty Wedge wood | teapot at one* of her temperate symposia. ; ! \--Miss Coyney was quite .angry with the i Chrohdr for not having looked deeper into 1 ■things!! She spoke of him contemptuously ; as a hireling and^a time-server:; - i , QSjit nCjdverhousex knew what. people! *though^ abpujt-tberwoman he. loved—for he \ loved hertnphe; the,less because he held; himself- aloof < from her. His love was! -deathless. Innocent or guilty he must love! /her. t6'the end. .He .knew wha^ people! "thbu'ght .of his beloved; knew that even I kindly Mrs. Dulcimerlshook her head, ahdj sh|<mk:from. familiar contact with. her yh.us- < {^dfd,#wart!.-v'>There was no one in-Little Yafford except the Vicar whoiwould take ,ther elandered.girl hv the hand and boldly | ;dem<Swtrate his .belief in her innocence.! ^ej^rej^rgoingVoh most, occasions, was i finn asrockhere." He wbuld have Beatrix | "at his house^as ojften as .she- chose to come: there—although-' the vali-powerf ul Rebecca I. W»nld:-hardly look ciyill®. uloher as: she i rwait§d; at tabhM-an<P although- pobr Mrs. j Jhrit^et-wa&acuelyjrerplexed; by_her .pre-1 r^fied^sp^i^iohe^wiiic^^at^Ujatised | . geMerally aSa >pock. of i venomorus t scandal-; mongers,v^hose uncultured ininds; unable; [to appreciate the strong, soundmeat of liter jrature,:hatteiied upohcaitibn. < I If Cyril couhLhave h&d; Mr., Dulcimer's faith ne "would have; had Mr. Dulcimer's courage. He-was no slave of mother men's Opinions; and'wouldi' Have " snapped his' fin gers in the face of Little Yaffordif allhad been well within. t But there was the diffi culty. That stricken face of Beatrix's, those wild startled' eyes—as lm had seen them in the candle-lit room at the Water House—haunted1 him like1 an evil dream. He saw guilt and retnorse'in those troubled looks—me/fear; of God and man. Had he been a man who dived. for himself alone— who had ho:higher'aim in life'than his'owh happiness^-Cyril Gulverhouse might have stifled the voice Of doubt^ and listened only to hive's/pleading.; But it was not so with him. - He ,had chosen a loftier kind of. life, he had 'givOn himself a loftier aim.5 He was to live for others, and'to make the livesiof others better" , than their ,ownrun-r aided tveallnesS^ would make: them. ?JId, who was to be- the teacher and counsellor of others, must be, so far as it is possible for humanity, spotless in his life and in. his. surroundings. .'.Could iter niayiy-a/wife/of whom it couldbesaidih.one breath, "She was suspected of poisoning her father," and in: the next, "Yes, but she brought .her husband ten thousand a year?'?'.' • No. ' It was clear to him that this'fatal cloud of suspifeioh must' make'- :a lifelong' severance hetween'Bsatrix and. him. Lpve might haye ; bridged the gulf* hut honor and: duty held him,; hack* iiHe^had-inot/seen: Beatrix since ber father's death, and be had madeup hismind to leave Little Yafford without seeing heri, His" business was to announce, his resolve in amanner that would give h®r the least pain possible; but be knew the blow would bei hard to bear. He that §he loved kimVith an intense and aU-febsdrbing love. , : " Oh, God, if she has sinned so deeply tot the love of me," he thought, in a moment of horror, finduig'. himself suddenly oh the ' edge of a, blank abyss of doubt .down which he dared not look, "if to bring about our union ehe;has. donethis hideousthing! But no, I "will not believe her-guilty. - I will pity and deplore hev position, thevictim of groundless susjticion. "If I dare not sacrifice my duty tomy love, I will at least believe Kerinnocent." " • • .. . ; He remembered that-little speech of hers during their chance: meeting on the moot^ a speech that had shocked and revolted him at the time, arid had been a painful recol lection to him. afterwards. "Is it. wicked to wish.for my father's death?" \\. - . .7, Did not that question imply -that she had already committed the sm ?" ;.-\Vas: it possible that the. wicked wish nursed and cherished^hadciiinunated in jthe: fatal irre vocable act ? ' The doubt tortured him. lie had wavered for some weeks, not -j quite clear in his own mind what step he ought to take, hoping: that some new piece of evidence,-some detail in the, story of Christian Harefield's-de^ath might place the tyhole husiiess in ane^vlight, anq demon strate Beatrixes innocencbl ButMr. Harie field had- been- dead a months the first snowdrops were lifting-their pale heads out of the ..dark borders, the robbis/were singing sweetly in the lengthened afternoons, and j nothing had: been discovered to improve Miss Harefiold's positiph'in' the eyes of I Little Yafford.1 Nay, rather, slander had grown and intpntifiel,with discussion^ and people who-.had..Jhmorously..lnjutedraeir doubts three weeks ago now boldly declared their conviction of the young lady's guilt. > "How she can live"in that big lonely house, with no one but her governess for company, is more than I can understand," said Miss Coyney, " she must be dreadfully hardened." " Something more will come out before long, you may depend upon it," said Mrs. Pomfret, the pew-opener, to her Sunday afternoon gossips over the black crockery teapot, with a sphinx squatting on the lid. This was the general opinion. Every body was waiting for. something .-to-come out. The'-serviahtshad doubtless beenjraid to hold their tongiies—dprk facts had been kept back by bribery/ But the truth would come out sooner or later-^evefi if fir. Harefield'8- ghost had to walk like the elder Hamlet, i " It may be a very long1 time,' but it will all come out, sooner or later/' said Mr. Tudway, an old bachelor retired from the button trade, a great reader of magazines and Annual Registers, and the gentleman who brought ;Lucretia Borgia] and Beatrice Cenci on the tapis. " Look at Eliza Fen ning." •• . " Ah!" sighed MissGoyney.- "Very true." She .had the T^uest:re(»lleejEion of Eliza Penning, as associated" uncomfortably with beefsteak dumplings, and hanged in conse quence of the association, but she was not going "?to? exhibit ■ Eer ighorance befojg Mr; Tudway, who was disagreeably self satisfied on the Strength of his stray para graphs and imconsidered/scraps of infor mation. Beatrix Harefield was slow to discover the current of public feeling. The shock of her father's death left her for a little ■whtie Apathetic td all. smalleremotions, and when that wore off she had a new and pressing grief in-Cyril's unkindness and abandonment. Her new sense of liberty brought her no happiness—snor ^desire to taste the sweets'of freedom, 6r to exchange the gloom and solitude of the Water House for brighter scenes. "If her independence .did not bring. Cyril to.her side it brought nothing. " "Wealthy' power,- liberty, were valueless without him. The slow days.went by, and jh© waited fox her loverJbum^e;s<j«e.ti^hjl. At first she was inclined to impute his conduct to ^restraining delicacy, but as.timejsvent on a horrible fear began toftafee^hold of 'her 'fiching' heart'?^tirposely'avbidinlf her. She had spent her Sunday evenings at the Vicarage. Kenrick had been there, hut never Cyril. She had heard Mrs. Dul cimer express her regret at the curate's ^^«/ h£&^1hUr e^ses/twhicbr seemed hardTy valid—a'sick ^ariShiohertb:i^3it— lettersTto..write., ,.n . " I shbuld"have thou^t' hb vfould not like to write letters on a Sunday evening." said Mrs. Dulcimer.: u It seems rather lax." "JL)o you think it more lax to write let ! iefrs. than Lto Sif /at 'this Aable" .faHring $f; worldly things—from the last village ^ scandal to the newest, fashion in bonnet crowns?" speculated Mr. Dulcimer. Rennck; wag;staying .at the -."Vicarage.] "Mrs. Dulcimer had pressed him "hospitably; to remain. There was; plenty of: IshoOting j in the neighborhood. Mr. Piper had made | him free of the Park preserves—and there s was good sport to be had onthe moor. Alto^ gether Kemick felt that he might as weiF finish oat 'his leave at Little Yafford. His cousin worked so hard that Kenrick aiid he saw very' little of each other, and Kenrick had not yet ventured to sound Cyril, about Beatrix. !.It was;a'.delicate'' subject* and Kenrick felt greatly puzzled "by his courin's conduct. Could Cyrii he such a fool as to E: ive any heed to the poisonous tongues of • ittle Yafford ? Kenrick could hardly ima gine such folly,., but.he. found it difficult to account for his cousin's avoidance of; Miss Harefield on any other ground, unless indeed it were an overstrained delicacy., which held' hiin hack from pushing his suit. < On the evening oh which Cyril had arrived at a definite conclusion as to his line of con duct, Sir Kenrick dropped in at his todgings, after the Vicarage tea, to smoke a friendly pipe with his cousih. ! " You" are not going' out this evening ?" enquired Kenrick, when they had shaken hands. V , ".No, I haye, some letters to write." • "Does that in,ean''that I shall he a nuisance if 1 stay with you for an hour or tWO?" " Not at.aU," answered Cyi'ih , " I shall he very glad,to have an evening's talk, and. my: letters can he-written better towards midnight than earlier." " That sounds as if the letters were im portant". i ; ".They are important," said Cyrilffr^vely,. .as. he dosed the desk (|fefore which he .had iheen' ritting for. neaflyahhO'itP in ^ti-OuhlCd• ;thpught,tiyingt6fi;ameMsletter.tdBaatrix^ sp .that, it should wound as little as possible. • " What a hermit you ai;e growing," said •Kehpck. "Tonhardly ever come to the Vicarage now.".. , : "I have so. much to do elsewhere," ^ P But on Sundpv ey?Jiings," suggested Ken rick, helping.himself to a pipe from the neat arrangement of meerschaums and briar woods ;on the mantelpiece. "Surely you .could spare an hour or two after evening service for, social intercourse. That is 'always the.pleasantest time at the Vicar-, age." - " I have: been engaged even on Sunday : evenings." " Yes, of course, for .a man, who visits j the poor there must heal ways an engage ment. That kind , of thing'has n.o limit. Poor people like to he read to, and talked to, and compassionated. You can't suppose they would ever say ' Hold, enough.' But. you ought to have some consideration for your own health and spirits. You are look ing ill and depressed." . " I am not ill, but I plead guilty to. feel ing depressed." " what is the trouble ?" . , " I have made up my mind to leave this place—dear as itiis to me; I am going to write to Mr. Dulcimer.this evening, to tell him my intention." . "You must ber/mad," cried Kenrick. " Leave Little^afford, just when fortune is ready to pqijj£hef ifayors into your lap—, just when M§jij§ Harefield is free to be your wifel Y<^ must be mad, Cyril." " No,-1 have been sorely perplexed, but I am not mad. I'have deliberately weighed this question. Beatrix Harefield is to me the one perfect woman—the only woman I can ever love—but I cannot ask her to be my wife." " Why not, in heaven's name ?" "I had rather not enter into my feelings on that point." "Do you mean that you, a reasonable man, with eyes of your own and a, mind .of your own to see ana judge with, are going to be/fed and'ruled by the petty slanderers of LittleY afford, malicious creatures "vyho envy Miss Harefield her ten thousand a year and would like to think—or at any r^te to, make others think—that she jumped into fortune by crime?" - "I despise slanderers and evil speakers," said Cyril, " hut my wife must be spotless " " Yes, in your own eyes, mid in the sight of heaven, v It can. matter to you very little what Little Yafford thinks of her."' " To me individually nothing—to my office a great deal.. The wife of a priest must he above suspicion—her name and fame must he unshadowed." " Abandon your office then. You can afford to do it if you marry a woman with ten thousand a year." Cyril turned upon the speaker with eyes that flashed angrily across a cloud of gray smoke. " Kenrick, can yon believe for one m(> ment that I took that office as a means, of living, or that the gain of wealth of. happi ness would tempt me to surrender it? I should think myself a new Judas if I could turn my hack upon my Master to marry'the woman I love." ; " Keep your office then, and marry her .all the same. Live down this slander.- Stand up bravely before the world with your'wife by your side, and let men say the worst they can of you. Your life and hers' will he your answer." '.'They would say I had married her because'she has ten thousand a year," 'said Cyril. " I should do no good with her money. It would turn to withered leaves in my keeping. No, I love her—shall love her to the end—innocent or guilty—but I will not link mv life with hem. Every hour of it would he a struggle between love and doubt." " UInnocent or guilty," echoed Kenrick. "I 'see you are as bad as the rest. I should not have thought that possible. You have quite made up your mind then, Cyril. You abandon all hope of" winning Miss Hare field^'-'-:" "Entirely." " So he it," s,aid. Kenrick. " Then let us talk of . other things." Though Sir. Kenrick proposed a change of conversation "he was curiously silent and ab: emit for t?ie next half hour, and' gave Cyril arnple leisure for "thought. ; The! two young men sat smoking and looking at the fire as they had done on many a previous evening, each vBiapped in.hia,own tnought8... When the clqck in the hall strupk ten Sir Kenrick emptied thU ashes out 6f ; his pipe and put it hack in its proper place dii the mantlepiece. " Well, good-fiight^ old. fellow," he ..said in his usual barefess st^leii "How soon do you .think 'of; igayjng; thieplace. ?" " Before the end of -the week." " That'asudden.'*' / r- y r. "Yes, hut you -iememher what the •Giaoursaid^ '.r - u ! ;; • "Better to sink beneath the ehock . -~| v • j-Whau moulder plece-meal on the'xock^. Ynu wilfanconvenience Mr.Dulcimer.'' " Not much. He got on without a curate for six mohthSrbefdre I'caihe." ^ " Wherb'ape ySlf gping ?" ' - t -^^dfOTd."^ » «X homble Thani^^^ ex- \ claimed Sir Kenrick. j ; i " A place where there is good Work; to he done, by any man strong enough'to do it.'*' ; " Oh, you are mad, Cyril, that is all-7-a fanatic. ; No faMr withshrivelled arms was ever Worse. But I Wish you well, dear fel low, wherever you go." : Kenrick went away, wondering at his cousin's foolishness.- He! did not know how far things had gone between Cyril' and Beatrix^ or he might have wondered still more. He thought Cyril might have ' won Miss Harefield by trying. He did not knoW she Was already won. . 