? ? UNORTHODOX SYDNEY. ; By a Pilgrim. -The First Appearance of Dr. Somervjlle at the Exhibition Building. Moravians rise ! bestow some meet reward Qn dull devotion. —Byron. \ Sydney is particularly - uuplcasaut on a hot Sunday afternoon. Tho roads are unwatered, aiuL the .sido«walks are fillod with nhop-boya and tailoresaen endimanche's ; while tho somnolent aspect of the Ion.'* vistas of closod shops and public-houceu ia apt to east a damper ou the i spirits of oven the liveliest native. Opinion, I believe, io divided in this city as to tho beat way of passing the day of rest. There aro good peo ple whose devotiono fully occupy their time upon that day ; there aro others Avho, to use a common term, 'take it out in Bleep;' some, again, wild away tho tranquil hours in hotel parlours, and contemplate life through tho bottom of an inverted tumbler. Tho majority of tho com munity, however, endeavour to put as great a distance botweon themselves and tho town as their time will allow of, and their circumstances permit, and gulp down pendant la journcc as large a quantity of fresh air, home-made sand wiches, find colonial beoi* as degenerated human nature will sustain. For my part, I own to a weakness for lying beneath a shady tree in my garden, omokiug a pipe, and composing poetry in the heroic couplet. When tho ringing of the o'hurch bells falls on my oars I thiuk of Bowles — ' Who found a friend In evory boll that jingled from Ostend ;' and as I watch tho blue circles of smoke soaring gradually towavdo tho heavens, assuming a thousand fantastic shapes and forms, 1 sigh, and ponder upon tho kindness of the Fates iu not having bestowed upon mo a lot like that of Walt 'Whitman, who reclines all day upon the shore afc Long Island, masticating tobacco, and occasionally giving* birth to interminable verses, the mystery of which tho raiud of man can fathom not. On tho afternoon of Sunday last, however, the ddlce'far niente was denied me. I had been on tho previous evening attracted by the successful efforts of Dr. Somorvillo's bill-stickor, not to mention the advertisement of Messrs. Thomas B. TfceB3 and Frinicio Tait (who are they 'i) which had previously appeared in the columns of the Herald ; and resolved to assist at tho debut of the groat revivalist. Tho bill wag an attractive one ; for iu addition to tho performance of the great Doctor, I learned by tho posters that ' Mr. W. F. Somerville, assisted by tho choir, would conduct the Service of Song.' Then, as if to ??' ? complete tho whole — to cap it with ono startling burst of generosity — was depicted conspicuously the following legend : — AKirraiiNCs Ereh— Ho Collection. Who could resist this ? Why, tho veriest heathen could not cavil at being revived on these tenna! For my part I jumped afc tho ohanco. I havo always been an advocate of cheap Sunday recreation for the masses, and the harmless entertainment of tho Somorviiles, though not precisely tho kind of thing I Avould enjoin for a continuance, was a stop in tho right direction. As I entered tho Alfred Park I felt my soul elated. High above in the cloudless canopy gleamed mighty Phosbus— an island of firo amid a culm,, unruffled ocean of heavenly bluo. Now and anon a soft summer breeze would fan tho cheek, bringing with it the sweotest muBic-~nofc that of our wandering earthquake, tho Gorman band— but tho dulcet; music of children'o laughter, and the low mur muring tone3 of women's voices as they whis pered to their 'chaps' tho soft nothings, which are— alas ! for tho weakness of human nature — more or lesa appreciated by every member of the eterner box. . Mingling with a stream of gaily-attired ladies, many of whom wore calculated to arouse tho tenderest passions in tho human heart, I entered tho building. That is, my foot was on tho threshold, aud I was about to enter, when I Started back iu horror. For a moment I re remained transfixed. Tho perspiration stood iu beads upon my forehead ; my breath camo in short convuloivQ gasps ; and a low groan esoaped mo. Wan it a vision ?— ayo, a grisly ' . phantom ! Prepare, gentle reader, for a, shock. Standing before me, with a dark bluo ribbon in the button-hole of hia greasy coat, was — tho ghost of Hancock ?— no '.—the hump-backed gnome o£ tho Soup Kitchen ! Recovering my self, by a violent offorfc, I walked iu. Yes, .there [he otood like tho ghost of Quasimodo superintending tho floating of tho audience. ?Twas then tho thought flashed upon me that / Dr. Somerville was indeed under distinguished patronage. Avoiding this city refugee, I seated myself upon a bench, and gazed around mo. The Exhibition Building, never very attractive at auy time, appoared dirty and jqualid to the last degree. Lying in various cornors were heap's of decorative debria, and other hetero geneous rubbish that had been stored there apparently for some tardy lnariue store dealer. Tho whole length of the floor was covered with huge rough forms, all apparently new, and in tho galleries were a double row of tho same uninviting seats. Above the stage some aspiring joiner had erected an enormoiis sounding-board, which gavo those on tho platform during the proceedings precisely the appearance of a disorderly 'hustings crowd' during a very ' wet' election. At. a few moments before tho appointed time for commencing, every available uoafc Avas occupied ; and I gazed Avith some interest on the audience. There wau, as usual in theso demonstrations, three vromen to every man. Hero were hundreds of young girls — little more than children — who had come to worship at the shrine of the chining light ; ncores of honest married women who had deprived their husbands of their after noon pipes, attracted either by curiosity to gazo upon the Scottish doctor, or by a desire to drain the cup of righteousness that Avas to be had for nothing ; myriads of boys clanking their iron heels upon tho floor, who had, iu their own vernacular, come ' to see what the old bloko was like ;' a very large number of the usual Sydney 'young man' in the thunder-and-lightning neckties and loud inexpressibles, Avho honoured the meeting for the same reason they would patronize a dog-fight. ; and lastly a big per eeutage of decrepit sexagenarians, Avho pro bably considered, and justly so, that if they were to be revived during their natural lives, ifc was a case of ' now or never.' Suddenly a murmur ran through tho audi ence. I looked towards tho stage, and beheld the choir filing in. They took their seatc on the prompt side — two rows of young women, and three rows of young men. The flowers Avliich formed this choral bouquet had been culled from tho various churches, and placed at Dr. SomerATille's disposal. Ureat things wore therefore expected of them. As I gazed afc them a seuso of my OAvn humiliation. Avas strong Avithin me. Tho look of pride at her exalted position Avhich gleamed in tho eyes of a stout chorister in a gray dross and a red chignon Avaa very beautiful to soe. Next to her was an elderly party whose features were concealed by a black veil, but who sported a bonuet Avhich looked black one minuto, brown the next, and blue the next ; together with a velveteen jacket of tho same cameleon tiuts. The male peiv formers sat behind. It Avas a case of (front) ?place aux dames. The young men Avere very lovely. But then the consciousness of then beauty oppressed them. The equanimity of spirit which characterized the female part of tho chorus was absent in the male portion. Their hands appeared to embarrass them, and tho con fusion they got into Avith their hats and hymn, books was perfectly bewildering. In a few minutes they steadied down, hoAvever,' and made a great pretence of finding places in their two° penny Sankeys, which had been marked on tho night boforo with pieces of shoe-string. Sud-* denly an elaborately got up young gentleman, entered hurriedly K. U. E., and Avaiking to an harmonium Avhich was placed directly in front of tho choir, opened the instrument Avith a key, and then resting his noso on tho edge of tho instrument prayed devoutly. This was Mr. F. W. Somerville, of whom his father remarked iu his speech to tho Free Presbytery of Glasgow on the 8th February of the present year : — ' I am happy to think that there is a possible prospecb of my youngest son, who so materially aided mo in India aud America, being with me as my companion, though it be at the cost of temporary interruption of his studies at tho University.' I am inclined to think, after witnessing this young* gentleman's performance, that it is a great pity his ' studies at tho Univorsity' wero oven temporarily interrupted to allow of bio acting travelling mucician to the. Doctor. Mr. F. W. Somorvillo's skill, both vocal and instrumental, is painfully hampered by limits. Ho possesses certain of Ira Saukoy'a mannerisms — a paralytic nodding of tho head for instance, and a professional pursing up of tho lips ; bufc thoro tho resemblance ooases. It is a sad thing to fseo : this young gentleman, who ia already getting up I the scaffolding for a pair of whiskers, devoting I his energies to a subordinate position iu tho f revival business, when, had ho bufc completed tkoso ' etudiea afc tho University,' ho might be a full-blown rovivaliflt himself. Hardly had the musician completed his levotions than in sailed tho Doctor, attended by ais suite. Several of these gentlemen were mown to fame and to me. First there shone l! [ike a dusky moteor the irrepressible Dr. Beg— the wondrous Wazir. Seated — like Jeremiah afar off — Iio looked — he loomed, an animated waffle mould. Next in rotation was Dr. Lang, a peculiar exampla of the tenacity of life in the human race ; famed alike for longevity and long, winiiedness. And then Doctor M'Gibbon— ' Hard Avould be thy lot, Other minsters mentioned and thyself forgot' —the mighty firebrand, dreaded by all but his enemie3 ; the accomplished journalist who pons essays that would shame Carlyle. Shall I describe the reverend doctor P Ala3 ! space forbids it ? but should auy of my fair readers desire to oee him, they oau do so daily ; and strange to say there is no charge for admission. Tho proceedings commenced by the ' giving out' of a hymn by Dr. Somerville. The doctor io a gentleman of 65, of medium height and average plumpness. His face is full, and of a pronounced pink, which colour in the case of the unconverted is sometimes attri butable to a fondness for the smiles of the rosy god, His chin is bhixved, and his cheeks embellished with side-Avhiskers, which, like his hair, are intensely Avhite. Dr. Somerviile's locks are about a foot in length, a la Druid. When you behold the great Evangelist full face he resembles au aristocratic butler ; when he turns his back he is the beau ideal of a patriarch. Viewing him sideways, he is a happy compromise betAveen the two. Ifc Avould puzzle most people, indeed, to state without years of reflection which he most resembles, in profile. For my part I'll risk it on the butler, anyhow. The hymn ano nounced was, I think, Eo. 37, tho burden of which was, ' We will gather at the river.' Tlis meaning of this lyric is cruelly hidden. It is in fact one gigantic metaphor, 1 will quote the chorus for the edification of my readers, placing Mr. F. W. Somerviile's emphasis on the final words of the triplet : — ' Yes, we'll gather afc the ree-vor, The beautiful, the beautiful ree-vor ; Gather with the Saints at the ree-vor, That flows by the throne of God.' On the final note of the hymn dying away among the iron rafters, Dr. Fomerville announced that the Rov. Dr. M'Gibbon would engage in prayer. This gifted man immediately did so ; but tho impatience of the audience for the performance of the 'star' manifested itself to such an extent in coughing, scraping of feet, whispering and chuckling, that poor M'Gibbon might havo beensingingcomicsongsfor aught any one Avould have known to the contrary. The worthy doctor was succeeded by a tall young man, Avith a light head of hair and a determined expression of countenance. This was Mr. Thomae Walker, private secretary of the great; Evasi' gelisfc. This gentleman i3 gifted with a loud, clear voice, and au autocratic manner. He said — ' Ier — I'm requested to state that several thousand copies of dankey's hymn books havo been imported by Mr. John Robertson, tho bookseller, oo that, in point of fact, you — you can. get 'em if you want 'em. . . , Oh, and I — yes, have further to request that you will keep perfectly quiet during Dr. Som'vil's ad address— and er — oh — yes, that's all I think.' These few words Avill havo the effect, I should imagine, of selling the hymn books imported by Mr. Kobertson. I wonder whether Mr. John Walker Avill rocoivo any commission ? Another hymn followed. I will clip the first stanza of this lyric, and will make no comment upon this whatever. Witness :— ' There is a fountain filled with blood Drawn from Imiuanuel's veins ; And sinners plunged beneath that flood Loss all their guilty stains.' I forgot to remark that during tho first hyrnn the feebleness of the choir was painfully manifest In this ono, however, they completely regained the public confidence. That is, tho air they in troduced Avas so elaborate, tho part singing was so divoraified that the four thousand people iu tho body of the hall Avero complete^ afc sea ; and the faint chirruping1 of tho young folks ou tho platform was alloAved to proceed Avifchoufc in terruption. Au old gentleman next to me tried very hard to join in. He Avould gaze earnestly upon his book, Avaifc for an opportunity, and then break oufc — ' Thero io a xouu— ' Ha never got auy farther. Soinetimea ho would try to hop iu on tho last lino, but ho could not manage it. Oo at Ia3t he closed his book in despair, saying in a sad voice, ' That toon killc mo stono dead, blowod if ifc don't.' After Mr. Dowio, tho irrepressible, ubiquitous, and Rqv. Mr. Dowie, had had a short innings, not a word of what ho ufctei'ed having been heard. Dr. Gomerville commenced in earnest. He first asked tho audience to engage in ciloafc prayer. He might aa well havo asked them for the ? philosopher's stone. Tho offeefc of his request waa a hailstorm of pattering of feet, coughing* and giggling. A shrill female voice also rather ' marred the solemnity of the occasion by saying 'I Avish you Avouldn'fc!' in a tone of remon strance to some invisible tritler. It may be observed that there io a mysterious Dealing o£ the portals connected with Dr. Somerville^ Masonic Hall performances, worthy of tho Oasfcleos Ofoantoor theDaveapoit Brotheis When porsons desiring revival once eater the building in York-street, and ATcarying* of the worthy doctor's eccentricities desire to depart, they find to their indignant astonishment that egress can only be obtained a1; elated interva's during tho seance. Those on the other hand who arrive shortly after the appointed hour, are ? reduced to the necessity of seeking revival by the ignominious process of listening through the key-hole. Dr. Somerville gave as his text — ' God is love.' He then went into the subject, expound* ing it according to the orthodox (revivalist) manner. Dr. Somevville is an old man, and ? consequently hi3 voice has lost that effective ring necessary to fill a building of any consider able magnitude ; and in spite of the huge sounding-board, very few, except those in hia immediate vicinity, could gather the drift of his remarks, nofcAvifchstanding that his final tirades were delivered in one elongated howl. . ' But all marked the style, the attitude. To observe the ancient Evangelist dancing about the stage is worth a mine of Avealfch. Still I am iucliued to think that Dr. Somerville has mistaken hia vocation in taking to the evangelist business. Aa Touchstone he would te \evy grand. In my mind's eye I cau picture him speaking these lines — ' I remember, when I was in love, I broke my sword upon a stone, and bid him fcake that for coming anight; to Jane Smile : and I remember the kissing of her batler, and the cow's dugs that her pretty chopped hands had milked : and I remember the wooing of a peascod instead of her ; from whom. I took two cods, and, giving her them again, said, Avith weeping fcear3, ' Wear these for my sake.' We, thafc aro true lovers, run into strange capers ; bufc aa all ia mortal in nature, so is all nature in love mortal in folly.' I can. picture to myself hov/ he would leer at the gods, how he would outshine Bland Holt in. his every gesture. But, alaa ! it is not to be. Dr. Somerville keeps his histrionic talents for the platform and the pulpifc. When his audience beheld him capering about like some playful elephant, his face crimson, and hia arms A7ork« ing like a windmill, crying — 'Ooom, coom, coom to the Lord,' they smiled a smile of pity. Some ladies eveu shuddered afc beholding an excitement in the orator, which, in other persons would be attributed to alcohol. If Dr. Somerville allows the in oricafcion of his en thusiasm to upset his orthodoxy thafc, of course, is his look oufc ; afc the same time ho : should endeavour when appearing before the public to tone himself down to the required level. Neither should he grin so much. The Doctor, I am aware, intends his smile to repre sent a sanctified joviality. His success, how ever, is far from being complete. The liberal exhibitions lie makes oi the triumph of dentistry he possesses is too strongly suggestive of the skull and the lighted candle to be pleasant0 Then, for a few moments he would be inaudible beyond. the platform. Dr. Somerville, of course, opened Avifch his crack sermon. Tho folloA7ing passage, which I clip from the Herald, will give a good idea of the allegory adopted by the groat revivalist : — ' This divine love reminded him of the river, which separated— should ho not rather oay that united, the British and American poEsossiona in North America— a river thafc he was f reo to say was the most beautiful river in the globe. This river rose, ho know not whore, nor afc firafc ho kneAV not by Avhafc name ifc Avas callod. On it flowed until they camo upon the most magnifi cent expanse of fresh water fcmnd any whore in the world Issuing from thafc mighty lako by a narrow but beautiful outlet, having ito appro* priate came, tho river then becamo another inland coa. Issuing' thouco with watoro pure .. and bluo aa the heavono above, it. took ito way by lake aud by strait, oach with it:; peculiar name, until ifc oponod into i\;ro groat inland coaa ; and thenco issuing from one of thoca, it bounded . ' along* with tint now changed, and glided peace fully onward between its beautiful bunks for . ' . como distance. It then cudclouly booatno con. vuked, and started away c.3 u ifc v/oro Gu :' afMrjlifcod stead. Ifc had got into tho rapids noAV, and tho mighty river rnnhod on until it reached the brow of a preoipico, and over thin xa'corpicoi partly vitli vatora oi an emerald tint, partly wifch vatei'C white .ao rsnow, tho mighty river ciieic thunder ing down in owirlinc foldo, ombraccd. by clouds of opray thafc were over rising irons, bonoivth aad lighted to hia caldron underneath by tho hues oi . \ ? ? ' .?.???;?''?? the r'ainbdw— the noblest cataract to be found on the face of the globe. , t During the delivery of tlria tirade Dr. Somer ville's movemer,t3 were bo ludicrous that its effect was wholly marred. Looking at the passage critically, it cannot be pronounced other than the feeblest clap trap. It does not even possess the charm of novelty. Every grocer president of a Little Bethel has this kind of thing at the tip of his tongue ; and I am suprised that Dr. Somerville, who claims originality for himself and his ministrations* should adopt a transpontine style which is an insult to our common sense. Such evangelistic drivelling is only for those who like their religion highly spiced and strongly seasoned ; but no sinner is to be converted by such fantastic rhodomontades At home in Glasgow Di\ Somerville was the shining light of the Free Anderstoa Church. Technically he was the Moderator ; — in short a kind of Moderator lamp at whose shrine the Free Anderstoniaus worshipped. Lately, it ?would appear, however, that hia congregation wearied of him ; for when addressing the Presbytery prior to his departure, Dr. ?omerville said : — ' It is enough to state that I have been minister ui that congregation for forty years, a few months excepted. It io no disparagement to one's ministry to say, that af tor such a lengthened period of laborious service, a change of voice and method of address would be advantageous for the congregation. It would be beneficial to the people even in their new edifice that another should be set over them, —not certainly to preach a new gospel, but to declare the old truth with a variety of thought, and with freshness of stylo.' So glad, indeed, were tliG Free Anderston con gregation to get rid of their ' Moderator,' that at a meeting of the Deacon'o Court of the church the following suggestion was acted upon to the letter : — ' ' The Committee recommend that provision V-o -made for an annual retiring allowance to Mr. Somerville of two hundred pounds; and that in view of tho funds to beset free by the sale of the present church, and the prospect of the new congregation being- in circumstances which would render the payment of such au allowance a matter of eaoy accomplishment, the Deacon's Court should resolve to endeavour, as far as in their power, to pay this annual allowance during Mr. Somerville's life.' Now, during the 40 years Dr. Somerville was pastor of a large church in a populous suburb of Glasgow he was, of course, enabled to feather his nest very tolerably, and I have it on good authority that the revivalist io a wealthy man. Thus when we hear that he hao travelled 12,000 miles, like a second John the Baptist (without the camel's hair, and eschewing the locusts and wild honey) we are apt to be misled. Dr. Somervilie is amply paid for his work, and I should very much liko to bo an evangelist upon the same terms. It is generally conceded that Glasgow is not only one of the largest, but perhaps the most immoral city in tho \70rld. It is there that vice, drunkenness, and every conceivable kind 01 sin and debauchery are rampant. The unblushing immorality of the community even permeates into the daily prints. The following, which I clip from the Glasgow Evening Citizen are bona fide advertisements, and not prurient hoaxes as might be expected. Voyons : — WANTED, for Queen'c Birthday, a Travel' ling Companion of the Fair Sex ; ploaso enclose carte.-— Address, 331, Citizen Office. FT ANDSOME Young Gentleman wishes Com JJi. ? pany oi ploaoing1 Young Lady for . Queen's Birthday ; encloco carte.— 28G Citizen Office. This, too, in a city ia which Evangelisto aro as. plentiful an ccbbcgca — or kail! Are there not, then^ coulo to cavo in Be. Somorvillo'c own parish ? fit oubjoota ia the courts and alleys of Glasgow for tho Doctor'o zniniotrationo ? Why then should ho travel hia vaunted 12,000 miles to practise hia theatrical grimaces upon ua, when he and hia horflo of co-adjutoro havo lamentably failed among their own parishioners ? In the course of 40 yoaro o£ preaching', Dr. Somerville has grown rich ; and the number of fallen women ana afiDituai arunuaraa is cteaauy on the increase ; yofc thio philanthropist, his heart over -flowing vith tho mil!: of human kindness* accepts a paltry peacion o2 £200 per annum, and ',. magnanimously connoiita (with expenses^ paid) to m;iko, in hio old ago, one last experiment upon -Australian coulo. I have now aufucioufcly immortalized 'Ds. Somerville. in eoncluoion lot mo point out to Jiim that if ho would really confer upon tho community thono Loneiits which, he profccGoa to have at hia coxnmznd, lob him endeavour to reason with thoco ropvecontatives of hia faith ?here who, protected by their cloth, inee33p.ni.ly scatter abroad tho venom of their blasphemy ; '?who, ' not having in their hearto one oof fc and kindly feeling, diorjutit ovon thono of their own religion mth thoir %EQranco aad rapaoity. Lot the Evangelist read a lesson to tho mon of whom I speak ; but lot him not waste his words upon the unsympathetic. Tho discourso of last San day did not arouso one particle of enthusiasm in tho breast of one of the 4000 soulo who filled the building ; tho address was, as it deserved to be, a miserable fiasco. As Dr. Somerville's arrival here was heralded, as it were, by sound of trumpet, ho must not expect his vagaries to pass uncriticized. I do not only raise my own protest against the theatrical clap-trap which characterizes Dr. Somerville's every word and every movement ; but staring him in the face, are tho late Charles Dickens' remarks upon the mockery of religion practised by the noi- disant revivalist. The great moralist is now, ala3 I among the dead, and the mighty pen which v/ell-ni^It blotted out the jugglery of religion that existed in his day is still for evermore. As I conclude this paper, the silver gray of morning glimmers iu the air, and with the coming day these verses of the bard come fresh to my memory. Dr. Somerville will comprehend their meaning ; — ' Begone old man, and rest thee ere gaunt Time Shall mow thee down when far from thine own clime ! Gird up thy Iohi3 : leave other's souls alone ; Thou uvedest all thy prayers f-- save thine own. ' 