NOTES OF READING. COURTESY of temper, when it is used to veil churlishness of deed, is but a knight's girdle around the breaBt of a base clown.— Sir Walter Scoit. WHAT is beauty, but painted DUST?— What are riches, but gilded dust ? What are honours, but the breath of dust ? Bishop McFarland. LIFE is divided into three terms; that which was, which is, and which will be. Let us learn from the past to profit by the present,'and from the present Vo live better for the future. THE devil can cite scripture for his purpose. An 6vil soul producing holy witness, is like a villain with a smiling cheek; a goodly apple rotten at the heart; O, what a goodly outside falsehood hath.— THE web of onr life is of a mingled yarn, good and ill together.—Idem. • III news is wing'd with fate, and flies apaVe.—Dryden. HELL is paved with good intentions.— Samuel Johnson. WHY do thoBe cliffs of shadowy tint appear Mure sweet than all the landscape smiling near? • • . • 'Tis distance lends enchantment to the view, And robes the mountain in its azure hue.— Campbell. MAN'S love is of man's life a tV> : ag apart, 'Tis woman's whole existence.—Lord Byron. ALAS ! the love of women! 'it is known . To be a lovely and a fearful thing;; For all of theirs upota that die is thrown, And if 'tis lost, life, hath no more to bring To tbem bat mockeries of the jBSt alone.— Idem. IT is more blessed togive than to receive.— Acts aas. 35. ; STONE walls do not a prison make, Nor iron bars, a cage.—Richard Lovelace. LITERATURE is the thought of thinking souls.—Carlyle. TEE past lives but in words; a thousand ages were blank if books had not looked their ghosts, and kept the pale, unbodied shades to warn us from fleshless lips.— Bulwer Lylton. THE greatest pleasure I know is to do a good aotion bystealtb, and to have it found out by accident.—Charles Lamb. INNOCENCE is worthy of respect; but how much more worthy of it also is repentance !—"Silvio Peltico." THE water is rising and flowing Over the weedy stone; Over it, over it going- It is never gone. Over it years go sweeping: 'Tis there—the ancient pain ; Yea, drowned in waves and waves of weeping, It will rise again. George Macdonali. GOOD is slow: it climbs. Evil is swift: it descends. Why should we marvel that it makes great progress in a short time?— Madame Swetchine. IT was said of Mgr. Afire, " He is hard and cold." Tea, and EO is marble; but beautiful things are made of it constantly.— Idem, BE not forgetful to entertain strangers; for thereby some have entertained angels unaware.—Hebrews xiii., 2. I HAVE seen in the most rustic places in the world, on the most distant summits of the Alps, mountaineers in whom I have noticed a higher dignity and a gentler politeness than in the inhabitants of the towns. These honest people showed at the same time an ease and reserve full of charm, without improper boldness, without painful embarrassment; they were true, simple, good, respectful, useful, and obliging.—Mgr. Dupanloup. JESUS CHBIST did not blush to die for you, and yet you blush to live for him.— St. John ChrysoUom. THERE are some wicked people who would be less dangerous if they had no good qualities.—La Rouchefoucauld. KINDNESS is the most potent of alchemists, the most convincing of logicians, the greatest and most,successful of regenerators. Its exercise, when it springs from supernatural motives, includes tae exercise of all virtues. It enable us to become saints unknown to ourselves, and so shields our humility. It is the steam power of the moral and spiritual world. It makes us so happy that we look in vain for the thorns, crosses, and afflictions said to be the portion of the elect. Did not our Lord affirm that the road to Heaven was narrow and rugged; that those who mourn, who suffer persecution, are blessed? Yet, if we are perseveringly and consistently bind, is not our life a perpetual sunshine ? and what will our death be but the closing of God's loving armB around us? Jesus is Truth itself, but has He not deceived us here? Ah! the toad is certainly narrow, but our eyes are turned heavenward} it iB ragged, but "angels bear -us up lest perhaps we dash our foot against-a stone;" suffering and persecution are our portion, bnt the Good Shepherd presses us so lovingly to His Heart that we feel no p^-—iforion af. AvstinCarroU. ,, , .- „ < , * IF any one should importune roe to'jfive areasonwhy I loved him, £ feelitcipuldjno other wisebe expressed thaln ' by - making answer-: -" Pecauseiit was hej- Jjeoiuse' it was I." There is, beyond jrhat l^amvable ,to,say,I£npw jJiot iln«pliehS»le.<iand• jipevitebW ppwM jthat' br^htiiOB' this VA^N.—Montaigne. "A .S '• ••••> * THIS is toujbh .th?, poet Tluft • sorrow's crown 