LITERATURE. CALVIN AND SERVETUS* Dr. Willis in bis preface tells us that his attention was first turned to the sombre story of Servetus by his labours in connexion with an edition of the works of Hirvey for tte Sydenham Society. It was then that Servetus came under his notice, not ss a theologian and martyr, but as a physiologist -as, in fact, "the first who proclaimed the true way in which the blood from the right reaches the left chambeiB of the heart by passing through the lungs, and who even hinted at its farther course by the arteries to the body at large." Porening his inquiries at a later time into the woiks and life of the unfortunate Spaniard, he " encountered no. cnly the physiologist already known to me, but the philosopher and scholar, the pracuca physician, freed from the fetters of mediaval routine, the geographer and astronomer, the biblical critic, in days when criticism of the kind, as we understand the term, was un imagined ; and, alas for him! the most ad vanced and tolerant of the reformers-that sacred band to which Servetus by inde feasible right belongs." His investigations showed him that a life of Servetus, with special attention to the persecution which caused his end, was a desideratum in English, Bnd out of this conviction the present work hss arisen. . Michael Servetus was born in N avarre or Aragon from 1509 to 151L He was of gentle blood, and received a liberal education at the University of Saragoesa. When still quite young he entered into the service of Fnar Quintans, the confessor of the Emperor Charles V., and in that position must have bad opportunities of seeing the world and the life of men in large, broad aspects. One of bis first appearances as a theologian was bis puzziing some of the Swiss reformers by urging bis doubro, and what they con. ceived to be his objectionable opinions, on their notice. His great crowning heresy, ■which he persisted in to the last moment ot his life, was his belief that Christ was not eternally the Son of God, bat only became so at hie birth as the son of Mary. Tuis belief, by the rigid reformers ol Switzer land, seems to have been regarded as atheis tical blasphemy ; and by Servetus himself it had attributed to it a degree of importance far beyond what we can conceive to be its practical value. The book in which thiB doctrine was first formulated was his work on the trron Concerning the TrinUy, a book unreadable now. we shonid judge from the extracts quoted, to anyone but a biographer. Subsequently, Servetus went to Paris, where he thought it advisable to assume a name different from that under which hie book was issued, and accordingly called himself after bis native town, Villanova. At Paris he met Calvin, who in later years was to hunt him with malignant zeal to a ctnel death, and a public discussion between the two men on theological questions was arranged, bat never took place, as Servetus found that it would be too dangerous for him to run the risk such a proceeding would involve. Later on Ser vetus obtained literary work at Lyons as piees corrector and editor of sevetal im portant works. Among these was the Geo eraphy ol Ptolemy, in which he ventured to insert a note correcting the accounts given of Palestine as " a land flowing with milk and honey." In place of this it was "inhos pitable, barren, and altogether without amenity." The study ol some books on the natural sciences tamed his attention to medicine, and he practised as a physician, besides lecturing on geography and astro, logy, and publishing a medical book. Ttia self-assertive, pugnacious disposition involved bim in a quarrel with the medical faculty of Paris, and he was glad to accept an invitation of the Archbishop of Vienne to go and reside with him. There he edited a Latin Bible, and added to it a commentary exbibiting ideas of criticism and interpreta tion far in advance of his time. He engaged in a long and acrimonious controversy by letter with Calvin on some points of specn lative theology, and it was in reference to this discussion that Calvin wrote a letter to his friend Farel, in which he saidSer vetns wrote to me lately, and, beside his letter, sent me a great volume fall of his raviDgs, telling me, with audacious arrogance, that I should there find things stupendous and unheard of until now. He offers to come hither if I approve, but I will not pledge my faith to bim, for, did he come, if I have any authority hers,. I shonid never suffer him to go away alive." The pious hope of silenc ing a rival theologian by putting him to .death was thus early fonned by Calvin, and seems to have been steftdfastly chenshed for several years, tili in the fulness of time it was accomplished. The ."great volume full of ravings,".thus referred to, was a MS. copy of Servetus a forthcoming work, entitled Ohrtsltantsm Restitutio, which he sent to Calvin apparently without any suspicion of the feelinga .with which that grim reformer regarded htm. Servetus afterwards repeatedly tried to get back bis manuscript from Calvin, but was never able to do so, and it was carefully pre served by the reformer till an opportunity offered of using it lor the purpose of getting its writer arrested and tried for^ heresy. Curiously enough, it iB in this book, in a part - treating of the Holy Spirit, that theanatomiogl passage is found in which Servetus announces the pulpionarydrculationof the blood. A copy of the work as aoon as it was printed was forwarded to Calvin. The reformer appears to have at once looked upon the book as riving bim an opportunity of wreaking his own and the divine wrath on its author, and heacoordingly took measures, by the aid of a friend, to denounce Servetus as a heretio \--j faiafeoiiSrier'to the ecclesiastical autho AfTO&hcs;, This, pious resolve ^as "^Jt^Sa^ltiiodw meanondbase as, Important ,9.Bmry its purpoee. Calvin, to secure his object, stooped to the treacherous course or sending some leaves of the printed book, and other pieces of the writing of Sfrveius sent to him in confidence by the author, and now used as evidence to bring him to the etake. In one of the letters written by C»lvin under the name of his agent, GuiLlaume Trie, the following passage occurs, which for hypocrisy and duplicity it would be difficult to match in the annais of treason. "I ehall put into your bauds some twodozen Pieces written by him whoisin tj^fyoin Did you rely on the printed book by ttself, he might deny it as hia ; but this he could no do if hie own handwriting were brought eg' iost him. In this way the parties you speak of [the archbishop and the authorities] will be without excuse if they hesitate for the r,or put of taking the steps required. AU the pieces I send yon now were produced before the printed work; but I have toown to you that I had great difficulty in getting these docu ments from Mons, Calvin. Not that he would not have such execrable blasphemies put down, but that, as he does not wield the sword of justice himself, be thinks it his daty rather to repress heresy by sound teach ing than to pursue it by force. Servetus was arrested and examined before the Inquisition ; but he had friends among the authorities, and his escape from prison seems to have been connived at. However, his books were destroyed, he was burned in effigy, and the sentence was recorded against him was that he was to be similarly dealt with in body should he be captured. An unhappy fatality took Servetus, after his escape from the prison at Vieune, to Geneva, the city of bis relentless and bitter enemy. Intimation of his presence there was conveyed to Calvin one Sunday, and without loss of a moment, and in spite of the sacred ness of the day, he denounced him to one of the syndics, and demanded his immediate arrest. He was accordingly seized and thro wn into the common gaoL Now Calvin, having succeeded in getting his enemy within his power, applied all bis energies to realise the intention he had expressed years before of not allowing him to go away alive. Calvin prepared the articles of impeachment against the prisoner. The greater number and most important of these refer, says our author, "with wearisome prolixity and iteration to the transcendental theological dogmas that touch on the way and manner in which Christ is to be regarded as the Son of God; the relationship in which He stands to the 'Word' of the Gospel according to John, and how the Word was made Fleeh ; in what respect Christ ie God, and in what respect he is man, and how, as the Son of God, he could have died like a man." And it was because Calvin and the priEoner differed on these mysterious propositions, which we presume few theologians of the present day would pro fees to comprehend, that the former Bought to have the other put to death with the bar barous cruelty which was specially reserved for theological offences. It is needlees to follow the course of this trial, one of the darkest blots on the history of the Reformation. It would seem that il humanity Bnd common charity failed to pre vent Calvin from taking an active part in such a prosecution, a sense of the monstrous absurdity of an assertor of the right of free opinion and of liberty of conscience Beeking to crush another for using the freedom which he claimed himeelf should have restrained him from such a course. But the iron nature of the reformer of Geneva was as little alive to a senBe of the ludicrouB aud incongruous as it was to the claims of tolerance and the demands of humanity. His prosecution of the unfortunate Servetus was marked throughout by a keenness and bitterness of malignity which only the odium titeolofficum, sharpened by personal hatred, could inspire There were at times evidences that the lay conrt was inclined to treat the prisoner with lenity, but the rancour of the intolerant divine and his brother preachers swept away all weaker influences. There is a gro tesque comicality visible in the zeal of Calvin to show that the note of Servetus to Ptolemy's account of Palestine "inculpated Moses, and egregiously outraged the Holy Ghost.' And on suoh considerations as these, which —thanks to the tolerant indifference forced even on theologians by outside influences at the present day—would now be laughed outof any court, lay or spiritual, did men consign other to crael tortures 300 years ago, all in the interests of religion and for the honour of God. Where there was all this malignant perse cuting virulence on one side, backed bj material power, and on the other nothing but individual weakness, the arguments of reason, and a plea for liberty of conscience, and for the same rights as the Reformers themselves assumed, the end could not be donbtfnl Calvin left no meanB untned to secure the conviction of the prisoner, ana indeed took ench courses as would not have been allowed under the prooednres of the Holy Inquisition, Writing to his friend Farel, he expressed the hope that the sentence would be capital at the least. And in a letter, written when the sentence was passed, bis joy is unbounded and undis guised. The terrible sentence was finally passed on the unfortunate man, who had during his long trial been suffering the createBt privations and miseries in gaoL and was borne with fortitude and dignity. It is pathetic to observe throughout that Servetus felt himself unable to'understand how men who were themselves sawders from the universal church of Christendom, and in consequence were under condemnation as heretics, could refuse to allow him the same right of interpreting tbe Bible according^ to bis own reason and Conscience which they claimed for themselves. But he was doomed to experience, and to be remembered in history ss the great example of the fact, that "pre&yter; is but old priest writ_ and that in changing theu denominarioas theologians by no means change their na tures. He was, by the agency of Calvin and with the general approval^ of the Swiss Reformed Churches, condemned to death on articles which, as Dr« Willis writes "in volve none but topics of transcendental dogmatic theology—a subject which to reasonable men has now lost almost all the significance it once possessed, but which still has a large historical interest, as showing,in contrast with present views, the progress which has been made from darkness into light; and as illustrating the great, yet per sistently neglected, truth, that the religious feelings are no safe guides of conduct when dissevered from the other emotional elements of human nature in balanced action among themselves, enlightened by science and as sociated with reason. Religion has, in fact," proceeds our author, "at no time been the civiliser of mankind, as so commonly said, but has itself been civilised through advances made in science or the knowledge of nature, and in general refinement. Brutal and blood stained among savages and the barbarous but policied peoples of antiquity, Assyrians, Chaldeans, Egyptians,Hebrews; cruel and in tolerant among newer nations well-advanced in arts and letters, but ignorant of the world they lived in, and the nniverse around them— religion has only become humane as Science has been suffered to shed her ennobling light, and will first prove truly beneficial when Piety is seen to consist in study of the laws of nature, which are the laws of God, and worship is acknowledged to be comprised in reveren tial observance of their behests." The cruel sentence passed by the Re formers on the reforming Spaniard was cruelly executed. It is not from a desire to quote a painful passage, but merely to show the unshaken fortitnde and resignation with wbich the victim met his fate, that we ex tract the paragraph descriptive of the execu tion. " When he ctme in Bight of the fatal pile, the wretched Scrvetus prostrated himself on tbe ground, and for a while was absorbed in prayer. Rising and advancing a few steps, be foncd himself in the hands of the executioner, by whom he was made to sit on a block, his feet just reach ing the ground. His body was then bound to the stake behind him by several turns of an iron chain, whilst his neck was secured in like manner by the coils of a hempen rope. His two books— the one in manuscript sent to Calvin in confidence six or eight years before for his strictures, and a copy of the one lately printed at Vienne—were then fastened to his waist, and his head was encircled in mockery with a chaplet of straw and green twigs bestrewed with brimstone The deadly torch was then applied to the faggots and flashed in his face, and—the brimstone catching and the flames rising—wrung from the victim such a cry of anguish as struck terror into the surrounding crowd. After this he was bravely silent. But the wood being purposely green, although the people aided the executioner in heapiug the faggots upon him, a long half hour elapsed before he ceased to show signs of life and of suffering. Immediately before giving up the ghost, with a last expiring effort, he cried aloud:—'Jesu, thou Son of the eternal God, have compassion npon me!' All was then hushed save the hissing and crackling of the green wood ; and by and bye there remained no more of what had been Michael Servetus but a charred and blackened trunk and a handful of ashes. So died, in advance of his age, one of the gifted sons of God, the victim of religious fanaticism and personal hate." The dark deed and the passions which gave rise to it have long passed away, and we now see that nothing Servetns coald have done in his life could have benefited mankind so much as the lesson enforced by his death. It taught them the uselessness of looking for improvement in charity or gains to human liberty from mere reforms in theology and chotch government. It showed that reforming theologians were theologians still, prepared now, as before, to enforce their new subtleties by the terrors of persecution, at whatever cost to humanity, and at whatever disregard of the common duties of man to man. There is a terrible significance about the fate of Servetns, more impressive than in the slaughter of thou sands of victims by the Roman Catholic In qnisition. Men saw from it that no hope of a voluntary cessation of persecution by the chcrcheswas to beentextained, and that it was necessary to withhold from their spiritual pastors the powers which they never wielded but to abuse, no matter on behalf of what doctrines the abuse took place- Gradually the liberal principles of the Reformers ac quired an 'ascendancy over their own acts and wishes and they were compelled by the force of the world outside to refrain from persecuting in the interests of free opinion. It was still more fatal to the persecuting tendency tfiat men's minds came under the influence ef new snbjects of inquiry, and lost interest is the old ones. As lay thought turned more and more in the direction of natural investigation, and became more and more subject to the laws of experimental evidence, the absurdity of churchmen burn ing each other for differences about verbal cobwebs, or opinions regarding subjects utterly beyond the sphere of knowledge, became evident and conclusive. But while congratulating ourselves upon the abolition of persecution which the world has wrong from its ejfritual pastors, we cannot but remember with gratitude the names of those who gave fheir lives to secure this liberty to their successors. And among all these there is none amociated with a sadder story than that of Servetus. 