SOUTH AUSTRALIAN WESLEYAN E -K / T/. • ;C9^^REN0E.;::.; ;;y J3IGHTH DAY. r; ' v1. G0VEBN0K¥a^WT^ C6NEEBBNCE RESOLUTION. 'The ASSISTA^-SECRETARY (.Kev. -U.T. ISurgfeSS) re& d *be &diowin;£" reply from His Excellency the «?overnor -:to ' the resolution of the Cofi ferenw ;—"Sir-^t-haye tbefhonor to ackdow ledge the receipt of at copy of the resolution of the South Ansbsfiai Wesley^ Conference, which wasbommunicsted byyonrself in person, at the levee oh Thursday.;Fbeg youj in reply, to convey to the Conference my thanks for their goodwishes for myself and my family, and my strong sense oftbe honor they do me-in thus ex pressing their appreciation., of the interest which .indeed I have keenly felt in the well being of the community as. regards moral and religious progress, no less than in material pros perity. I have the- honor to be, Sir, your most obedient servant—A. Musgrave, Governor. To the Rev. S. Knight, President of the South Australian Wesleyan Conference." (Applause.) The letter was received. LOAN FUND. The Secretary (Rev. 0. H Goldsmith) moved —" That the constitution of the Loan Fund be so altered that in future 2 per cent, shall be charged on all loans . until the whole of such loans are paid." The Rev. Geo. Lee seconded. The motion was lost by a large majority. STANDING TEMPERANCE COMMITTEE. The Rev. J. Nicholson moved—"That the ministers of the Adelaide Circuit and Port Adelaide Circuit, the Revs. T. C. Laurance, J. Allen, J. Y. Simpson, with the Hon. J. Carr, M.P., Messrs. D. Nock, M.P.. J. Pearce, J.P., J. Scott, J. Lloyd, M. H. Madge, G. P. Swann, G. W. Cole, J. D. Bone, T. Rhodes, and E. Hounslow be a Temperance Committee for the ensuing year, to meet as occasion may require, the President of the Conference to be the1 Convener of the Committee; that it shall be the duty of the Committee, by such methods as it may deem desirable, to promote legislation for the more efficient control of the liquor traffic, for reducing the number of public- houses, for closing such houses on the Sabbath, and in general for the suppression of intemperance; that such Committee shall enquire into the feasibility of forming Bands of Hope in connec tion with our Sunday-schools; and that a report be presented to the next Conference." He thought they were all agreed as to the evils of intemperance, and would support a move ment connected with the Church itself with greater willingness than they would while the movement existed only outside the Church. The Rev. H. T. Burgess seconded. The Rev. W. P. Wells suggested that the Rev. Mr. Nicholson, instead of the President, should be the Convener of the Committee. This sugges tion was adopted; and the motion in its altered form was carried. FOREIGN MISSIONS. The Rev. J. Y. Simpson moved—" That it is desirable that deputations be appointed by this Conference to advocate our Foreign Missions." Mr. J. Scott, J.P., seconded the motion, which was lost. THE REV. DR. FUNSHON. The Rev. J. B. Stephenson moved—" Tha in view of the resolution of the General Con ference of 1875, requesting the British Con ference to appoint a representative to visit the colonies, this Conference cordially supports the application. And while not desiring in any way to embarrass the British Conference in its selection, desires respectfully to submit the name of the Rev. Dr. Punshon as one who would be received by our churches with great delight." He mentioned that several of their representatives in England had been informed of the willingness of the Rev. Dr. Punshon to visit the colony, and, while there was no desire to embarrass: the British Conference, it had been thought desirable to guide them by men tioning the-name of-Dr; Punshon. -Mr. J. D. Bone seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. _ ^ CHAPEL AND OTHER TRUST PROPERTY. The Superintendents of the three Adelaide p and Port Adelaide Circuits, and the Chairman of Districts, with Messrs. H. Codd, Theo. Hack, J. A. Hartley,B.A., J. -Scott, G. Shorney, antl W. F. Wincey, were .appointed the Church Building Committee. The Conference granted permission for the sale c-f the old chinch at Caltowie, and 15 feet of land at Port Wakefield. _ ^ Several formal resolutions^were carried. PRINCE ALFRED COLLEGE COMMITTEE. The Bev. W. P. Wells read a progress report of the Sub-Committee to investigate the relation of the Prince Alfred College Trust to the Connexion, and report to the ensuing conference on the best method of amending the constitution. During the year the Committee had taken steps with the concurrence of the Trustees, Messrs. Colton, Cotton, Scott, Rhodes, and Carr, to wards securing a deed for the college property connected with a declaration of trust. Mr. Kingston had been appointed solicitor in this matter. His opinion had been sent to the Sub Committee, and would he considered as early as possible. The report was adopted. AMENDING LOAN FUND REGULATIONS. The Rev. W. P. Wells moved—"That the Conference be requested to amend regulation 8 by inserting the following—' That no claim on the Church Building Loan Fund shall be recognised either by the Home Mission Fund Committee or the Financial District Meetings, unless ( A) the building has been erected and occupied; (B), if a church or schoolroom, two thirds of the entire cost have been raised; and (C) the resolution of the Quarterly Meeting making applications, duly signed by the Circuit Stewards or the Superintendent of the Circuit, is received by the Treasurer of the fund prior to the assembling of the Home Mission Com mittee." The Rev. H. T. Bcrges3 seconded the motion. He explained that the present regula tions were often infringed, and it was very de sirable that the distribution of money from the fund should be made in a definite and sys tematic manner. The Rev. R. S. Casely said he was sorry that the proposition made on the : previous day to reduce the amount of money required to be raised by the Church from two thirds to one-half had not been carried. The present-laws made the- difficulties of a new church.very gteat, oven as it was; and he strongly, opposed any attempt to hamper churches any more than they were at present. Mr. J. Pearcb said the practice had always been what the resolutions affirmed. He hoped the Conference would not pass such a hard-and fast motion, .as he believed it wouid prove, if carried, a serious injury to the Church. It bound the hands of the Committee too much. Mr. - J. D. Bone said the mo tion would remove the unwarrantable discretionary power which now led to such scrambling and endless dissatisfaction, and he believed it would help to put their Loan Fund affairs on a true business basis. ; The Rev. J. B. Stephenson pointed out that this was not a question of enforcing old regulations, but one of adding new regulations. The Committee had already sufficient rules; and he thought it would be a grave mistake to allow them no discre tionary power, and so .to tie up their hands .that they would become practically a set of dummies. It should be remembered that special cases re quired special attention and treatment. The Committee should have a little more, discre tionary power, even if the Treasurerhad a little'1 less. After-some further discussion, the Bev.v W.-P. Wells replied, and the various clauses* of the motion were put separately and; lost. The Bev. W. P. Wells then moved—, " That the attention of the Home Mission Com-' mittee and the Finanoial District Meetings he called to the fact that the Treasurer of the Loan Fund will pay no loan unless he receive a .written certificate from the Superintendent of the Circuit in which the trust applying for the said loan is situated that the regulations of the Loan Fund have been faithfully observed." Mr. B. Kelly seconded. The motion was negatived. . . JUBILEE FOND. The Bev. W. P. Wells . (Treasurer of the fund); read the balance-sheet, which showed that at the beginning of the year there wa3 £834 178. lOd. in hand, on ,which the interest hadbeen £41 9s. 7d. ,l^he suin of £78 4s. 2d. had be§U paid for students, leaving the amount at present in hand £789. 3s. 3d; • The balance sheet was adopted, it was stated bythe Pre sident that the fund had been drigiaally in tended for assisting the loan fund, for a mission xc New Guinea, and for a theological institu tion. The money was now solely used for the educ'atkT.n theological students. BOOK AFFAIRS. The" Rev.-It. Burgess moved—"That the bnok affairs he cm^idered during the afternoon, aSd that that sessidii w e°Pen to ^ public." He'explained that the hn.sme3s was strictly of a private nature. , AFTERNOON siTTIN'O/ i - The affah's of the Book Depot were intrO-1 duced, and the report havfag been adoptedf: thanks were passed as followsTo the Rev. TV. P. TVells for his services as Book Stewardhe was also reappointed.. To the-members of the Book Committee. To-Messrs, W. Rhodes and T. J. C. Mann, the Auditors.. The following gentlemen were appointed members of the Book Committee for the.ensuing year:—Revs. TV. P. Wells, T. Raston, EL*. Mack, C. Lane, S. Knight, H. T. Burgess, J. B. Stephensohj-C.T. Newman,, and J. Nicholson, with Messrs. J.. B; Hack, T. Padman, Hon, J. Colton, M. Kihgsborough James Scott, Gv W. Gotton, W. Rhodes, J. A. Hartley, B.A., T.;S. Carey,:'and Mi." H.rMadge. Tlie balance-sheet of the Book Depot was pre sented and passed. A motion by the Rev. H. T. Burgess to make the Methodist Journal the absolute property'of the connection waB negatived. -The Conference agreed to support the denominational paper, and endeavor to increase its circulation. . The members of the Committee for guarding the privileges of the . connection were re appointed, viz.—The ministers of the Adelaide Circuits, with the Hon. J. Carr, the Hon. J. Colton, and Messrs. J.- A. Hartley, B.A.. B.Sc., M. Kingsborougli, T. Padman, J. Scott, and H.Codd. The subject of Sunday-schools having been introduced according to question 28, the Rev. W. P. Wells moved that the matter of repre sentation in the quarterly meetings be remitted to the Financial District meetings.. The Rev. J. B. Stephenson moved an amendment that the resolutions of the recent Sunday-school Convention at Kent Town be received. The amendment was carried. The Rev. W. P. Wells re-introduced his motion, which was affirmed. It was resolved to reccommend the formation of Sunday-school Unions in all the circuits in the colony. The Hon. J. Carr brought forward his motion, notice of which had been given, as follows:—"That believing the bearing of the levy for Children's Fund upon the returns for membership is repressive and discouraging to those who labor for the ingathering of the people to the Church, this Conference submits to the approaching district meetings the con sideration of an alteration of basis, so that in future the levies for at least half the amount re quired for the fund shall be made for an equal per centage on the amount of the income of the various circuits, and not on the number of members." The motion was carried. Mr. Alfred Catt moved that the amount required by the Loan Fund regulations to be raised previous to a grant being made be altered from two-thirds to one- half of the total cost of the erection. After. several had spoken, the motion was withdrawn. On the motion of the ex-Presiderit it was re solved—"That the several questions remitted by the General Conference to the Annual Con ference he considered by the next Financial District Meetings, and reported on then to the Conference of 1878." A set of resolutions from the Pirie-street Quarterly Meeting, on the subject of lay repre sentation were presented, and after some-dis cussion were remitted for further consideration to the next Annual Conference. A resolution from-the Kadina Quarterly Meeting in reference -to the character of Church property* held under leases,' was referred to the Church Building Committee. The Bev. W. P. "Wells moved a resolution in favor of sympathy and co-operation with the other Churches in this colony, and that the President and Mr. Jas. Scott be appointed a de putation to wait on the annual assemblies of the various bodies during the year. Carried. It was decided to send to England for two additional junior ministers. The following ministers were chosen to repre sent the several districts at the next allocation meeting":—Middle District—Bev. C. H. Gold- . smith. "North District—Kev. P. C. Thomas, Yorke'sPeninsula District—Bev. S. T. Withing ton The Bev. H. T. Burgess will represent the Southern District ex officio, as General Secretary of Home Missions. A unanimous vote of thanks was passed to those friends who had entertained the ministers and representatives during the sitting of the Conference. The President stated that it was usual to thank the laymen on the Connexional Com mittees for their attendance at the Conference, but as the laymen present were as much mem bers of the Conference as were the ministers, it was not necessary to specialise any part of the Conference in this way. It was resolved that the next Conference be commenced at Pirie-street on Tuesday, January* 22*1878, at 10 a.m., and that an open session be held in the evening at 7.30. The mixed Con ference will sit on the following Monday at 2 p.m. On the motion of Mr. Pearce, seconded by Mr. Carr, a hearty vote of thanks was passed to the President for his able conduct of the business. At this late stage of the proceedings the re port of the Pearce Loan Fund was presented. This is a fund by which Mr. J. Pearce, of Ka punda, has assisted churches in the new areas by loans, free of interest for three years on church buildings, to a considerable amount. The mixed Conference was then closed. The President requested the ministers to assemble at 9.30 a.m. the next day to conclude ministerial business. AN OBDiNATION SERVICE was held in the evening in the Archer-street "Wesleyan Church. There was a large attend ance, and the service was of an impressive and interesting character. The proceedings com menced with the singing of a hymn, after which the Bev. S. Knight (President of the Confer ence) offered prayer. Beading from the Scrip tures followed, and the candidates for ordina tion were solemnly advised by the President of the importance of the step they were taking and the nature of the duties they would be called upon to perform in their new capacity as ministers of the Gospel. Bros. W. T. Carter, B. Kelly, and T. M. Bowe, related their religious experiences, and informed the congregation of the motives which had led them to enrol them selves in the ranks of the Ministry. They were then solemnly ordained by the Bev. President, assisted by the Bevs. W. P. Wells (ex-Presi dent), C. H. Goldsmith, and T. Lloyd, with the imposition of hands. The Bev. W. P. Wells gave a charge to the newly ordained ministers, basing his discourse on the words "Take heed, therefore, unto yourselves, and to all: the flock over the which the Holy.Ghost hath made you overseers to feed the Churchnf God, which he hath purchased with his own blood." He congratu lated the newly-ordained ministers on the honor able position they now held1, and the prospects of usefulness that were opened to tnem. xney naa ■ been useful before in various circuits, and, hav ing that \evenihg made; a good • confession had fulfilled their last duty before entering the ..ministry* ...The rev. gentleman in a plain 'pr^tical'sermdn, teeming withadvice, illustrated "hi^tekt, and sought to point out the-duties and the privileges of the newly-ordained; ministers. After explaining that the New Testament' afforded no foundation for the belief in apostolic succession and sacerdotalism or priestly mediation, he said ministers of the gospel had in view of their position certain rights and duties. Though a Christian minister was not a priest, in the understood meaning of the word, he should always remem ber that he was an overseer of Christ's flock, and accordingly interest himself in the spiritual welfare of the congregation committed to his charge. There were no man-made ministers; . the Holy Spirit alone could qualify meu for the high and important position of spiritual over seers; and the Church's true ministers were the gift of Christ. Filled with.a due sense of the dignity of his post, a minister of the Gospel should be thoroughly alive to the duties which which were associated with it. He should take heed of th? health of his body, for it was neOes sary to - the proper discharge of- his duty that he should be gifted with vigorous physical health. It was a mistake ' to suppose that men who were unfit for ordinary secular labor, through bodily weakness, were quite able to assume the task of a minister, whose work was often difficult and discouraging in the extreme. Then a minister should take heed of his mind, and cultivate it by reading. . and thinking. Piety was the next great con sideration, for being in itself a life and a growth, it required continual nourishment and atten tion. If a minister would bless his people, ;he must be blessed himself; if he would set his congregation afire, with holy, zeal, he must himself Be aflame. Prayer was the most important condition of piety, and would lead on, if it were properly used, to everything needful for a high degree of personal religion. A minister should take heed of himself, praying in faith, working diligently; he should take heed of his flock, making his sermons instructive, expository in their charac ter, not so lofty in their flights as to be difficult to follow, but earnest and full of deep feeling, and an expression of the grand aim of the preacher, which was the conversion and salva tion. of human", souls. The minister should visit his people in their own homes, taking a personal interest in their welfare, and never forgetting the truth that Dr. Chalmers uttered when he said "A house-going minister makes a Church-going people." Like St. Paul, he should " preach publicly from house to house." Nor should the minister be lack ing in the pastoral government *of his Church, or ignorant of the constitution and ecclesiastical polity of his denomination. He should take heed of the sick, the poor, the aged, and the infirm; of the Christian arrived at maturity; of the wanderer from the fold, needing kindly help and good counsel to bring him back; of the doubter, in his troublesome perplexities, net calling for harshness, but kind treatment, not scorn, but advice and prayer; he should take heed of the office-bearers, giving them his.help and sympathy, and winning their confidence. Above all he should take heed of the young, whose minds required direction, whose undeveloped powers needed culture, and' whose souls had to be saved. The rev. gentleman concluded by summing up the motives which should actuate Christian Minister in their work, and strongly enforced their responsibilities and duties. He commended the brethren who had been ordained that evening to the loving care of God, who could make of them good soldiers in His cause. They should be determined workers, never flinching from duty, however difficult to perform, refusing to be discouraged, and when requiring help being ever ready to go on their knees and ask it from God. Whatever their trials and difficulties, they should remember that their Captain was always by, able and willing to assist them, and by His help their lives would be no failure but a living testimony to the power and goodness of God. He charged them "before God and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing and his kingdom, preach the word, be instant in season, out of season, reprove, rebuke, exhort with all long- suffering and doctrine;" so that when at last their work was done they might be privileged to say with Paul, "I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith. Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness." A hymn was then sung, and a communion service, in which many took part, closed the proceedings. 