Telegraphic. REUTER'S TELEGRAMS TO ASSOCIATED PRESS. [BY SUBMARINE TELEGRAPH.] England. THE BRINDISI MAILS. London, March 17. !> The mails'¦no'Brindisi were delivered here on the 12th-instant.-?-, VICTORIAN POLITICAL CRISIS. London, March 17. The political crisis in Victoria is regarded hope- fully by the London Press. /The Times/ remarks that Sir James M'Cul- loch and his colleagues must definitely adopt either a free-trade or a protectionist policy. If the former, they will probably be rewarded with an electoral vote of confidence; but if now defeated, they may feel assured of marching to no distant triumph. The /Economist/ thinks that all leading politi- cians in Victoria should choose sides on the great question of the day, and bring the present uncertainty to an end. WOOL MARKETS. " ' ' ¦ Lomdon, March 17. The prices of wool have averaged a penny lower since the opening of the sales. 14,000 bales were withdrawn. French buyers are fully supplied. WHEAT. Rates for wheat remain unchanged. ', There are a million and a-half quarters afloat. Foreign arrivals have been heavy. '.'.'. METAL MARKETS.. Copper is unchanged ; tin is .depressed ; Aus- tralian, £71 to £72 per ton. . SHIPPING... Arrivals : Theophian,. Macgregdr, Agnes, and Hesperides. — Townsville. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] March 19. Captain Mclvor, of tho schooner Diamond, arrived here in ship's boat on Saturday night, and reports that the vessel is a total wreck, with bottom out, on Bowling-green Spit, four miles south-west of the lighthouse. The schooner had four feet of water in her hold, and the captain ran her ashore to save life. The cargo, which consisted of sawn timber, from the Burnett River mills, was for Cairns, Trinity Bay. It is believed to be uninsured, but thc schooner is insured in the National of New Zealand., The Police Magistrate has visited Fitzroy Island, with a view to the establishment of a quarantine station there for the harbor. He has approved of the site. Heavy rains, accompanied by much thunder and lightning, prevail here. Georgetown. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] March 19. Two mails due here yesterday have not yet arrived. The so-called weekly mail is working very badly, only five mails having been received during the lost twelve weeks. Three machines are at work. The stone at Finnegan's is looking well, and Mount Hogan is improving. The weather is showery, but all the rivers in the district are at present very low. Sydney. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS.] March 19. The public offices were closed after eleven o'clock to-day, out of respect for the memory of the late Archbishop Polding. The places of business were also half closed. There was a great concourse of people at St. Mary's Pro-Cathedral in the morning during the requiem service. The funeral cortege started from the Cathedral at noon, preceded by various Catholic Societies, and headed by the Permanent Artillery Band, playing the "Dead March in Saul." Next came the hearse, followed by Archbishop Vaughan and other Roman Catholic priests, the Governor's carriage, his Honor, the Chief Justice and other Judges, the Speaker and other members of the Legislature, foreign consuls, and an immense crowd of the general public. The procession extended a distance of three miles, while along the route taken large crowds assembled, including hundreds of people on the housetops, anxious to get a glimpse of the cortege as it passed along. The funeral service at the Petersham cemetery was very impressive, and was listened to by thousands of people. A meeting has been called for to-morrow, to start a movement for a testimonial to Banner- man, who made such a splendid score in the match between the combined Australian team and the All-England Eleven. Mr. Parkes is still engaged in the formation of a new Ministry. Although the list of the names of those who are to form his Cabinet is not yet completed, it is understood that Messrs. Piddington, Windeyer, Driver, Samuel, and Hoskins have accepted office, and that Mr. Sutherland has not been asked. A man named Allen attempted to murder his wife and children, at Urana, with a tomahawk. Tho woman's life was saved by a dog attacking Allen, who afterwards committed suicide by cutting his throat. Sailed : Florence Irving, s., for Brisbane. Arrived : Victoria, s., from Brisbane and Cooktown. Melbourne. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS.] March 19. The cricket match between the All-England Eleven and the combined team of New South Wales and Victoria has concluded with the following result:— COMBINED TEAM. First innings ... 245 Second innings ... 104 349 ENGLISHMEN. First innings ... 196 Second innings ... 106 302 The Australians thus winning, the game by forty-seven runs. The announcement occasioned great excite- ment. During the past fortnight Messrs. R- *.«. brough and Co. have sold MOO ^f^ Inferior to good average greasy roamed from1 ? to lld. per lb.; ordinary .* good ««J scoured, ls. Cd. to ls. Od. Prices are a shade easier. Later. Great excitement prevails here over the vic- tory of the combined Australian team in their match with the English cricketers. There was a large attendance on the cricket ground to-day, and amongst those present was his Excellency the Governor. The combined team won by 45, not 48, runs. Rockhaiup^on. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) March 19. j£r.' Rees.'IX. Jones;1 solicitor,''has decided-to : beeorne a candidate fer' the representation of Wornianbyr rendered--vaoant. by -ihe resignation "of Mr. De Satg& ."He is promised a large amount . of au'pp(,rt frpm.,the southern portion of the electorate. ; '';> ..i- . ? ?¦? . ?¦> ; ' To-day wasobserved os a partial holiday.... It rained Blightly nearly the whole'of the day. Bishop Buguion' has received a satisfactory letter from Adelaide respecting his proposal for the settlement'of the' Northern Territory.' TnE following is a resumi5 of the balance sheet of tho Loyal Prince of Wales Lodge, I O.O.F.M.U., for the six, months ending ¦February .2S,. which has been handed to us for publication,:?Management ¦ ¦. Fund : Receipts, j>V>4 15s. 6d. ; expenditure, £90 17s. 7d. ; balance in hand, £33 17s. lld. Sick and Funeral Fund : Receipts, £865 Os. 4d.; expen- diture £59 4s- Sd.; balance in hand, £805 15a. lOd Widows and,Orphans'! Fund : Receipts, £18 jOs. 7^ .' expenditure, £17 4s. 2d.; balance in haud, £1 6s. |5d. Other Lodges' Account : Receipts, £S,7s. lld.; expenditure, £11' 12s. lld.* deficit, £3 5s.. Treasurer's Account:' Receipts, £289 18s. 4d.; expenditure, £248 19s. oj.; balance in hand, £40 19s. '.2d.'. Tho.tr.us 1 tees' account- shows q,-balance in hand oft£317 I i ge xhe total value of the lodge funds amounts I 't0 £S(J2 Os. ii; showing ii total gain of £94 Os. Si. for the last six months. In each account the receipts obove stated1 Include an amount os the balance brought forward. The auditors' report congratulates the brethren of the-order upon the financial position of the lodge, each of the funds being in a healthy state. The follow- ing are the officers of the lodge :?Treasurer, W. J.' Crowther, P.G-. ; ? trustees, Mr. David Stewart, P.P.D.G.M., Mr. James Hunter, P.P.G.M., and Mr. John Jackson ; N.G., Henry, Edmunds;" :V.G., John H. Stacey ; elective secretary, Wm. Bailes; permanent secretary, Alfred Scowen. Tbavel the main north road, (writes a corres pondent) fourteen miles, starting. from, tho Post, Office, Brisbane, and. you are upon our embryo township of North Pine; The waters of the North Pine will here greet you, and should it not he the spring-tides period, you can make your horse perform a diagonal waddle for some 150 watery yards and cross. On gaining the opposite bank, you will see the North Pine Hotel on an elevation. Seek its shades and cry " Eureka 1" But very probably you have reached the riverjust nt a time when to effect a crossing within the next two hours .necessitates a long swim through the swift current Don't attempt it, my dear Sir. Dismount, ease that un-Arab like steed, lie on the grassy bank, and meditite?peacefully if you can : for in a few months' time a bridge will span that noble (impatient stuck-up travellers uso a more expres- sive adjective) river, for tho construction of which tho country has voted £4000. Its situa- tion will be across that green little island you see lying to the westward of the present fording place. It is said that the length of the bridge will be 300 feet, and of that comfortable breadth that the ghost of old Bowen Bridge will have no cause to rattle ita bones. There is to be a space of 3 feet between the water during the highest of spring-tides and the bridge, so that vehicles of all descriptions will have no difficulty in crossing. In flood times the whole structure may be submerged ; but as the river rises and falls very speedily, the delay to the road traffic will be trifling. Yes, wc knew we should get into trouble over those cartoons of ours. The country is not yet ripe for high art, and the public?" the many headed monster thing" we cater for (no pun between cater and four, mind)?refuses to seo the harmless nature of our jokes. In our notice of our cartoons we introduced a photographer named Schlink ; during the last week we have had four photographers' accounts sent in with the curt subscription "a cheque will oblige." Wc patronise art in the shape of "Cabinet portrait of self, ditto of Mrs. S. and infant, twelve carte3of Mibs Julia S.," ko., kc, to some extent; but why this thusness ' We called to enquire the reason of the sudden check to our credit at the same time that we got credit for our cheque, and were received severely by the proprietors of tho various studios we have frequented. It appeared that the name we coined was an opprobrious one. Wo re- gretted, apologised, and left. Our tobacconist's bill (a fearful document) faced us on our return home, with a request for a prompt settlement of the same, and an emphatic denial of possessing, having possessed, or being about to possess, a Highlander with or without spurs, and some allusions to impertinence and Scotch Bnufl', that we don't understand. What ore we to do '.? relinquish high art and leave our national heioes unpainted and unsung 1?or run the gauutlet of exasperated citizens who don't understand our humor ? We choose the latter alternative. Ouinc one, cume ull, this rook shall lice . rrwu it« linn liubo us mi ns wo. But we warn the next section of E. P. (exaspe- rated public) that there are no more cheques? the last run has dried lip the fountains of our solvency for a while. Our next design is " George snubbing the men pf Bundaberg," after 'Canute rebukes his courtiers." Tho hero is jested with a black lead pencil in his hand on a hag of maize, with a copy of Thc Courier trampled underfoot?both his feet are doun, stern uncom- promising dignity crowns his brow, and the Bun- dabergians are listening open-mouthed to his indignant denunciation of the craven citizen who Quired a lock-up and a policeman for South shipton?no, we mean South Blunder--confound lt, South Bundaberg. We got mixed up in that last tentence between Canute and cannot. Now we have a bag of maize of our own, so no oue need Md us a model of it. Wo havo a black lead Pencil ia the office, and we are going to sketch we Conscript Fathers of Bundaberg, from a col- lection of Hogarth's heads in our own possession \--so no one need lend us or send us anything. independence is our motto. By the way, has Uuadaberg a mayor 1, Wo don't know, but sus- pect it hus. Does he ever go to banquets, at- tended by members of his family ? Because wo o('t hold of the tingled end of a story the other day from our friend Grass Girdle, that seems 'ppliciblo to that "mazy" region. A civic iiu.guatc gavean installation banquet?all tho cluef estates" of the town were there?and Siatiy ('ustuiguishedoutsidorswero invited. After vatu.iis toasts hud been honored, a grave elder ron- to propose "the visitors," which he was [>i weding to do, when, on casting his eyes f"UUd the table, to his dismay, he found there was wit one person present who could by any stretch ot imagination bo considered u visitor. Hu rMv,], .,u,i delivered himself as follows : " 1 _"ml Hut. iu rising to propose this toast, as thero '"}' no,real straugers preseut, I havo gat into ,\,.;, '?¦' popularly termed a 'mare's nest.' " ill you aid me to escape from it re. yectaUy by drinking the health of tho 'Mayor's ""'? If this was not ot Bundaberg it was wuiewl>.re else, unless ".Tipperary" had made m>" 'nena imaginative. No, wo hud not ii ticket uL , coav,iw«*iono tho other night; if wo hud P^n thero wo believe we shotUd have got an ¦j ^ °r. 'wo for somo cartoons, but we had not J1'" "mungs, as may bo readily imagined, after ' *»inf I"001?' for our absence ; and "warrior, selv '".""B*." who thero immortalisod them '.?,,." ancJ vary nearly " uiortiilwed" their d!iCe.by keel'i"S them all hours till in a will , ^"Phere, "feeding on their breath," «M":'*""! places on our canvas.?" Speciali hftS >u The Qntmilandw. RELATIVE to the death of Archbishop Polding, /The Evening News/ of last Friday says:—"His Grace had been for some months in an enfeebled state of health, when rather more than a week ago his illness was suddenly increased to such a degree as to awaken the apprehension that his end was near. From day to day he slightly rallied, and again relapsed into a state of extreme weakness. At last this (Friday) morning (March 16), at about seven o'clock, he peacefully breathed his last. His death was owing to general debility or gradual decay of nature, and not to any par- ticular ailment. The gentlemen present at the decease of the Archbishop were the Right Rev. Dr. Vaughan (Coadjutor Archbishop), who had been in attendance upon his Grace for five days and nights, Dr. Colletti (the late Archbishop's private chaplain), Deans Hanly, Ford, and O'Connor, Prior Dwyer, and Father Hayes... .... In 1841 he visited England, and thence proceeded to Rome. There, on the 10th April, 1842, he was appointed Archbishop of the newly erected See of Sydney. During his stay in Rome he was created by His Holiness the Pope a Count of the Holy Roman Empire, and was also made a Bishop Assistant to the Papal Throne. Great excitement was pro- duced on his return to the colony with the title of Archbishop. The late Bishop of the Church of England publicly protested against the assumption of such a title by anyone within the dominions of Her Majesty, without the autho- rity of the Crown. But, like the Ecclesiastical Titles Act in England, this protest was treated as a dead letter, except in so far as it satisfied the consciences of those who subscribed it. And the community in Australia has understood, and accepted without reserve, the principle that every religious denomination is to have perfect free- dom, without molestation or interference, to carry out its own organisation, with whatever titles it may see fit to use. And whatever tra- sient feelings of opposition may have been aroused by the rank conferred on Archbishop Polding, he has been remarkable throughout the whole of his career in Australia for calm and conciliatory demeanor towards those who differ from him in theological views and ecclesiastical association. . . . This morning, as early as eight o'clock, numbers of people visited the Presbytery, near the Sacred Heart Church, to satisfy themselves as to the truth of the rumor of the Archbishop's death, which rapidly spread over the city, and much anxiety was expressed by many to visit his bedside. This, however, was not permitted, except in a few cases, as arrangements were being made for the lying in state in the large room of the Presbytery, where the general public will be admitted. These arrangements were completed at eleven o'clock this morning, and many of our most respected citizens paid a last tribute of respect to the remains of the lamented prelate. Our reporter was admitted early to the Archbishop's room. He lay on the bed where but a few hours pre- viously he had expired; he was dressed as usual, and so calm was the expression of his features, that it was really hard to believe he was dead. He appeared to have fallen away slightly, but there was not the least trace of suffering depicted on his face, showing that he had passed away as if in sleep. Dr. M'Carthy, the superintendent of the Inebriate Asylum at Northcote, was sued yester- day, in the Supreme Court, by Mr. T. E. Langley, for damages for false imprisonment. The action was tried at the last sittings, whim the Chief JiiBtice nonsuited tho plaintiff; 'but the Full Court held that this opinion was erroneous, and directed a now trial. The plain- tiff had been incarcerated at the asylum under an order issued by Judge Cope at tho instance of Mrs. Lungley. This order was subsequently held bad by the Supreme Court, and the plain- tiff was released on a writ of habeas corpus. It was submittod for the plaintiff that, as the order was bad, the plaintiff was entitled to be repaid tho cost he incurred in obtaining his release, and also to further damages, as the defendant had detained the plaintiff after he was told that the warrant was informal. The defendant ad- mitted that ho knew tho warrant was bad several weeks before the Supreme Court directed tho discharge. It was submitted for the defendant that Tie had acted in tho matter bona fide, and therefore only nominal damages ought to bo given. The jury gave a verdict for the plaintiff —damages, £150. Messrs. R. M. Hunter and Co. have received during the week (6ays The Northern Argus of the 10th instant) thirty-one pieces of copper, weighing C tons 8 cwt., from the Adolphus William Copper Mine. Captain Holman states smeltiug operations aro arrested for a time, owing to tho additions necessary to be made to tho smelting works. He states that he has suffi- cient regulus on hand to make 100 tons of copper, and reports that everything connected with the mino is looking well. The Mackay Mercury of the 10th instant says :?The Norseman, steamer, which left tho Government wharf on tho preceding Tuesday, for Flat-top Island, with the cable to connect that island with Mackay, returned to town on Sunday afternoon. Although the weather proved somewhat unfavorable, the work of paying out and laying the cable from the vessel was, after one or two unavoidable drawbacks, accomplished in the most successful manner by Friday morning, under the superintendence of Mr. Matvieff and Messrs. Starkey and Quin. The cable rests on a good sandy bottom, and from the landing place on the western side of Flat-top, it extends in a north-westerly direction across the channel to a well-chosen spot on the beach at East Point, the length of cable submerged being about two miles. At each end a little above high water mark, there is an instrument fixed for the pur- pose of testing and also protecting the cable from injury by lightning, and when it was laid both instruments showed that it worked fault- lessly. It may be well to state here that per- sons, not connected with the telegraph depart- ment, known to meddle with these instruments will be severely dealt with by the authorities. The land line from tho shore end of the cable at East Point to the telegraph office in the town will measure somewhere about three and a-half miles. It will be stretched on tubular iron posts and carried over the highest part of the land on the north side of the river, and terminat- ing at a point some distance above the Ferry Landing, it will then, be extended upon four high posts across the stream, from whence a few posts will take it to the telegraph office. One of the Morse instru- ments is to used for operating on at the island, and this duty will, we understand, be performed by the light-keeper. Mr. Gousall, the contractor for the service reservoir at the new waterworks, is pushiug his contract (says the D. D. Oazette) vigorously for- ward. A number of men are engaged nt the brick lining of the reservoir which has attained a height of four feet. As our readers are aware, tenders are invited fer the construction of thc machinery, and tenders for ita erection will be shortly called for, and it is intended that its erection will immediately follow its completion, so as to avoid unnecessary delay. The antici- pations of Mr. Highfield as to the inexhaustible water Biipply yielded by the well which is to feed the reservoir are apparently borne out by present indications at the bottom of the reser- voir, where the water has nover ceased running. Some of the pipes have been landed at Brisbane. TllK Northern Argus of the 12th instant sayB : ?About ten o'clock on Saturday night, the night watchman, Needham, and other persons, while passing tho bunk of tho river opposite the ferry step*, were attracted by cries issuing from the locality, and, on proceeding to tho spot, descried a hat floating in the water, about fifteen yards from tho ferry steps, and freeing something dark within a short distance of the surface of thu water, they went out in a boat to it and found tint it was a luau's head and that the figure was erect, tho fort sticking firmly in tho mud ; and with some difficulty, such was the tenacity of the mud, managed to drag out tho body, which proved to be that of Mr. Peter Swift, father of Mr. Swift, blacksmith, of this town. Tho de- ceased was interred yesterday, aud the funeral cortège was unusually large, consisting of ueai'ly 200 horsemen and a large number of vehicles. Tun Cooktown Courier, of tho 7th instant, says :?" During the stay of the brig Alexaudru at Chilcot Islands, tho cook, who was a black man, foll overboard one night aud was drowned. No ono on board heard the splash, nor was ho missed until the following morning. They then dragged for tho body, but with no buccoss. Up to this time not a shark had been seen. They (on board) then put a bait overboard, aud after fishing for two days, caught a monster of a shark, about fifteen feet long, and on cutting it opon found an arm aud leg of tho lost black cook in its stomach. 