ADJOURNMENT OF THE ASSEMBLY. \To the Editor of the Be.nd'ajo Advertiser.) Sir,—Notwithstanding Mr. Berry's assevera tion, notwithstanding any denial by his faithful following, the merest tyro in political matters— the least superticial in weighing human motives —all of us can arrive at no other conclusion, but that the proposal to adjourn the House for a fortnight, is anything less or more than a simple direct threat to the Upper House. Now, have the course of events either led to this, or is the proposal itself justifiable by inferences, and if by inferences, are they tenable? Is there anything extraordinary in the Council postponing the second reading of the Laud Tax Bill, or any other measure, for a fortnight? Granted it would have been wiser to proceed without delay; but, surely, the fact of not doing so, is no argument why the Assembly should halt at the beginning of a session, with super abundance of work cut out and ready, with small chance of finishing, even with extra diligence and speed. Does Mr. Berry court defeat'! Does he desire to keep the country in perpetual turmoil and excitement ? Does he wish to see the people in an incipient state of rebellion ? Whether he hopes for any of these things or not, it is quite clear that his high-handed policy and defiant manner will in evitably lead him and the conntry to one or other of these extremes. Mr. Berry must hold the intelligence and discernment of the com munity at a very cheap rate when he states that the land-tax (meaning the bill now before the Council) has been before the country for the last two years, and was approved of and en dorsed by an overwhelming majority at the general election. I venture to tell him that, in this district at any rate, he has seriously coin promised his most ardent supporters, and dis appointed a host of warm genuine friends by the abandonment of the land-tax policy, which he enunciated and placed before the country during the elections. It is no apology to say now that that policy was' too severe and harsh on one section; but- it was on that distinct policy that he and his party proved vic torious, it was this and this alone that carried him triumphantly to the House, to office, and to the premiership ! Subsequent events show weakness amounting to defection, notwithstand ing the phalanx that move to his nod and obedi ently obey his behests. Had the present measure been put to the country or anticipated by the electors, I imagine the position of affairs would now be in a somewhat different state. If inci dents govern policy, where is the hope of stability and consistency? It seems absurd to turn round and exclaim: "The will of the people, the will of the people !"—when the will of the people has been made subservient to temporising incidents. Mr. Berry can no longer appeal to the voice of those who shouted, " Cut up the large estates," " Tax the squatters," etc. Mr. Service or Sir James .M 'Cullooh's land tax proposals were decidedly of a more sweeping character, and more likely to effect what the people seem to wish—the "bursting up" busi ness—than the present measure. One is as mustard compared to oatmeal. Now, to any one accustomed to calculate the chances of probabilities the odds will appear greatly in favor of the Council accepting and passing the Land Tax Bill, for as it has been affirmed that land must bear its share of taxa tion, 110 milder measure could well be hazarded; therefore, the Upper House are too wary to evoke hostilities and place themselres on ground less advantageous in case of defeat. Judging Mr. Berry's action at the present juncture, it seems as if he were enveloped in darkness, and the future before him dark midnight. He feels liia way, and beats about with a stick on either side, fearful of some unknown chasm. He seems peering ahead in an uncertain state, on a benighted path, believing that he ha3 seen and sees a veritable ghost threateningly crossing his course, and, like a timorous boy passing a grave yard at night, whistles loudly to himself, as much as to say—"The ghost might take me for a mail and a giant, and flee disconcerted at my approach." -i aw, etc., FESTIN. Sandhurst, 14th .September, 1877. 