• • • - ' . ' • THE LAST OF 'THE VALOIS. ' \- > • 1 , -ON, the banks of the Loire, The brigh' 1 -river,-gleaming jin 'the eunehine, and-;io" jyouthful Guise to, the ibonnier Beaupreau-f-.'a 1 "PTFTTY;'..IUCLIJIY-. OR'.M •Fated to be tlie.la"st:of theintcilectiial race of \Mois, .shb ife'se'cond'to'iione of tliom .ihthe accoinplishinentH of ihe fcipe. Skilful instruc- :-fcdr.B.:,areT • ppemhg^er-fmiu^ masterpieces of antiquity. Unhappily,.-lier' taste" bt the -formed on the model of ST.- de Eonsard,- whose love. A . change • comeB • over • France as -the :-liti}e gifligrbvys lipwarJi'^jPli.e writings.of.tiie; a.storm soon to break in a :crim6on ;sKower. ; ti^ijil^pf jlvid ^tete'tic ^utfi;!(3h^S;the;: L brought up-?:®onne^.Catholi(jue," undergoes ^llikmd6|;of persecutiona,. a» the hands of her brother, the -Due d'Aleafon, who,, "infected" : '.^tlt'PjtftjifeBtin^ f ul^hfe.- .-.The ,.:court of-.:. Prance - is. really - :playing.'a . f doubie''f ameV • the^ being the reigning Bpirit. On the one band is ' orthodoxy—and the whole power of the ilouse . of ibi-raine^hateful to the Valoie.. Against ™tbpaoxy /-and'•. 'ths'jHSaiBe^' < akiifiiT' .'0Eimsnue'' covertly encourages the chiefs of the Huguenots, aiming to eecure by' .tKis Jfachiav< iian. policy the predominance of the Crown—not to be ii:'acypmplished'^till r '"th^e^uRrters (it a • Little Margueriie 'grows Vp^be..|iiL.;ttiese |ro.u|)Jo'uB.tinieB, mdreasipgin-heauty andlthe cousciousiiess thenb£y^8ng- ! )>efSDe thefe.is.. 1«estion of marrying-.her, there ' are • yumpijrs;"' that ",shbt has^faitli'f ul"'^-Beryitbr's^. lordlinga wlio-.w'ear her.- 'cblpure. -and enjoy 'tup Reputation of 'po'ssessihg.'her affections. iFirst among these ah'ines, -in -ali- the bravery' 'Jpf, ,* court 5! favoiir, the . 'handsome ..'Balzae. id^BntraigiieB-^the^^^'^beVA-oWg^et''—dainty., d'Anjou--ia.! slender, graceful' man, with. delieate,' weli-cut ' features bf 'quiet eoiicen- !trated expreBSoh'; one of thpse wilf^aBlainsd'' ;men, iull of courage, vice, .au'd^iut'rigue, who : ;Hav« left' cheir 1 nameB inletf'ers oiE blbod'on : the page.of the, Renaiseance;, a . dandy, .-tobi : of fhe first water, shaved and curle'd, perfumed, add esse need, tiij' ie.'sheds!axomi'.ol ;ganantry-arouna Jiim^a dangerous admirer ^r ^ jyoung prince'sa; of v'oi«anic : ten"ciebcieE. But his web is/soon spun, .as-he, with QuiSlusi and others of the same sype, follows his master." tp'7the! kingclom 'o):" Poland.The" the*d'cba8ibn" ! bf »' course, Marguerite .is. present in a wondrous .'.with. spangles,blazingwithpreciouB^^ Jhead-^alreaiiy^ f:aebkedi''alaa !'" for vanity— in one of the "deinty blonde wigs" that she hidden, and . thVhazei eyes Bhitie out under a • decked'with: feathers, aiamopds, and pearfc A very''beauteous 'Marguerite'indeed, and 9?fflBhed^with -^^a.^ewiloTCr—nojpther than her early playmate, the,Dae de Guise~ the dark-viEagedi'Bcarred- one;; the :;famou's proudly,, They dare nbt'l" ' A', well-matched couple. :this,; SUb; -Balafi-d'i-being ,ARIIPUSTM7.W.ed,;a" \- daughter sf &ance.; :; Gul6e, '.backed by the :Whold.fpb^Sr.'bfihe;papacy,'is.BtrPhg^ to break off the. projected marriage between JttMguerit'&iinda;^ forced ;to. bend to the policy of the^'.^queen-.. mother." Catherine will not see the hated housis of Lorraine, already,' to her mind, far tbo strong;' sfcrengthendd .ye't more by ahot-her alliance "with' a daughter of Prance; it iniy hotihBi- sandthe.itahdBOmeJbyersarefSidvised tliat their destiny is- differant. - -Tlie t ScSrred one,' 'terrifted ; . byi thfe-menaoes iof-the king,' marries -..at" -price, a-^ihandBome - ,widbw!-4tbe. PrinceBs de Porciah—who :gives:hihi no little . trouble.as lime roUB'on.--'Hapless:-Marg'uerite,, like -another,.; but, by no menus .spotless, Ipbigenia, , is -destined for another fate— foreshadowed \;ii a fiimous meeting on .the confines/of France aud Spam. : ....: ;. - "•'S'ever '-waB'a ffite' more brilliant than this held'to celebrate the interview between Qiieen Elizabeth, ^cobs'ortipf EhiUp^the Secdndj her mother,.OatherineV"and ; .her.' ! brotH"er,.-Ghai'leB th'e.Nin'th. The Island of Aiguemeau'on.tiiB AdourhaB.beenmetamorphoBed-into ,.a r fairy palaeo, surrounded by" lofty itrees,--:under; which lurk Bnug- parties of ten or a dozen, the royal-table at one ond of this sylvan.: palacc bemg lelevat'ea-pn a daiB^f four eteps, pf.leinerald^turf. -Around theBe tables iiover attendant shepheraessesj.dtessediin^atiii.-and.i cloth ipf igoia, iu -.the : coEtnmeof: all /the various :provinceB ofFrancei.-Asjthe.Btate • barges," draped-.in .coatly stuffs,..emblazoned with-the.royalidevica.-approached the.island song of ^mermen and-mermaidBi thevjiBland , tothe jClash^ofjCymbale;. the.Burgun'disns, -to the, piping,of,the oboe.; tbe ChampenoiseB, '^fe^i^lSbbr,-"" ttte Bi-etonnea daucin'g the most yigorously ot all. Dancing over, a band of .musical satyrs and unable .to endure so :much glory," a.heayy Btorm. accompatiied iby a deluge of ,rain,- and' ascetic-lobi These two have cometo-an understanding— the Woman having at last yielded to her com- -^'anidn's^heVgetic - rem'onstrari'ces^Catherih^ "a"'' Medici ' and "the- Duke of Alva 1 fpr.hetwben^him bni'd it, stand three brothers of' tiS •:Va3ois^'Char2esj:ffl L.Dhod^lenjonr-^b'u^ ;fab'iilpuis^egree; arid.M by tlie horoscope of .Navavrese Henry, which de- .clarus thai lie will "reign ' in" France." Superstition, and: worldly wisdom are both ^ervedj by securing the fox-faced Hugiieiibt . as the husband of Jladge. •. .-i;7C!iarles';'SB ^ot .reojiry to; acquire an ally of. his own. .Between.his-mother .and the Guises t-Wb toPrpowerful relat; veB^andhis rebellious :.:CalymiB&. . fits .pfjimgoMrnai)!e|u^7^na^^ that no human- being .loves or -cares for him, si7e only gentle Marie'Tonchet.; As is his wont, this wild huntoKof beasts and men, •end-with,Bayage-ivehemence... But there: are obstacles to be ..-overcome—obstacles ^yen -to . the sfurious.-- will of the Slost • Christian King. The Pope, etill occupy- 1E > -3 the centre-.of - the European Tapeatry,-ia horror-struck ,at the proposal to wed a Cathulic princess to a. heretic leader, and Henry ..and,-Marguerite, are, iu , a .fashion,. forbidden by .the.Church. The Pope jefiises a dispensation, and, .moreover, 'sonds, his ri^'^MHu^e/ jrooi'' his monstrous project... But. another couh- ' , BeflbrTlias 'the;ear pf .Charles—one .singularly, out of place in the -giddy ppart of ..Catherine —a grave, Bad-visagea gentleman, the famous " Admiral" Colligiiy, who "is quite! won over. by.-the art's,pf-the.Italian,-and ,iB,anxious to pacify' France by. marrying the . "fox of B6im" tp^-'.plum'p..Madge" as quickly'as.; possible. ...A yahant and.'skilful soldier this admiral, but over-.simple-hearted and truthful •to' contend in politicalistfigue with the pro-, fessed students of the ^forentine". .Carried ^ ay bythe .'reai-Bi'ncerity of .the king,and. the pretended heartiness .'of the-.Duc d'Aiijou and toe nue.en-moI.hr-r. the ,-e old warrior -persuades Jeanne d'Albret' to join the court jat,':Blois^-,gay, brilliant7Blois—the. summer Ipalace of Frangbis I., with its great exterior •staircase-.and.ancient hall of the estates'. :Blois is .especially. joyful just now, glancing coquettishiy down on the smiling L-jire. Its -quaint streets .and lpfty,.'narrow staircases are :s^eptTby the'1' vertugadiris" of merry dames, •aud.dams,elsrr- ; for.'.it"7isi the bumour of the. ifitrange Italian'"that all.shpuld^b.e bright' and mirthful i around' ; her, 'as if to intensify the jthe .darkness . within. While forming .the :centre of her'briglifc bevy of dames and their ! circumambient, gallants, Catherine loves a 'j.oke,;and'iB'no bad hand at quip' arid crank, 'merry ponceitj.and highly-seasoned repartee. : l!ut when the fete is over, she turns from the : gorgeous figures • which v^ave to and fro'on : the arras, and .bending her steps towards a : remote part of the ancient castle, after climbing many stairs, reaches the lonely turret' projecting over the church of St. Nicholas. 1 It is the observatory employed, not with, any ^ciehSEc;purpdse,'bdt purely as an instruineat^fbr -interrogating the" obstinate stars which persist that' Henry of Navarre will "reign'in Frince." , ->•• • " ..... The Queen of 7Savarre,: who, reluctantly enough, has come to-this, giddy court at the, entreaty of the .;admiral,'is grievously shocked al uaII..,that; she sees and -heare, for the- < language. of the court' aames . aud -'gajlantsijis-/.ha^pily.7new to tbo Puritan Jeanne. Billingsgate and St. Giles's are names; that convey., but a faint .idea of the ;.'!-3?XPUB.;remarksV.Sndthe pleasant sayings','. ^Src^C'^i^f^ij^n . -,b^ght Bpringtide of 1857;; "jjgted-.'and;. caressed bx.the-;Mng\a'nd his mother, wary Jeanne yet fears So,,tiring lie'r';«pnt3jp;:-a,place horrifying to.everytBentimenfc. of , decency. - More, .difficulties.-, arise. Catherine wishes the wedding to -take place at Paris according to the . .Catholic .rite. Jeanne objects to the mass, and. insists onriJie cerembny being performed in .some city less inimical ..to-j-the Huguenots. Pending thi6 debate ..Pope. Pius ,Y., dies, and is.-succeeded by Gregory Sill., who . displays more flexibility than his ^predecessor, ..but yet hpsitates,-..till. .-Charles loses all .patience, .and .teHs.'j.the , Queen -of • Uavaire. one, day, " My aunt, I honour you more than the Pope, and Ioyf?,my,sister more than I fear, him., I jam not.aHuguenot,.but l am not an ass. If the Pope playai.the fool too ;long I will take JIadge .by the hand' myself,, and see her married in fuil.-cpnyenticle." just as the marriage^contract-iBBignedthe 7Qiieen7'of Savarre dies—some say, of pleurisy, others "of poison-^-but nothiiig. iE now allowed to impede, the ccremony. , . , ;i-TheMcbne"!changes .to old Paris—not . the Paris of St Louis, nor. that in. which:lucldesB English Henry was crowned '" despite ' of foes," but the-Paris of. the ruthless Senaissarice.;.'.-' Sta • castellated dwellioge of I'the Middle Ages have -developed into the hotels of great seigneurs—fortified more orlleBB, and crammed -.with gentlemen armed to the teeth. A strange imiiiure. of splendourcand-squalor this; good .icity i>f, Paris. " TaU gabled . houses nbd'towards each other over .narrow-streets ankle-deep in filth,- with .no- approach of drainage ,save;- an ' open gutter. Gloomy passages and dreary alleys. Blink from the light J of heaven., i Thieves. abound, though .they'.find to steal is !a/'mystery, as'after dark no honest citizen ventures abroad, lest he Bhould bevjaylaidtand- plundieredrliy the professional robber, or killed, out -of pure joyoushess of ,;heart,:by the- gay rgallants; iii search of adventures. The gallant is as unlike deptctea-by writers of romances and operaa .a.3 Can:: well be imagmed. He-iB, :for thesilken hose twliich adorn .' his nether limbs have previously TJeen wom'ior a week or two :the:;more, ; ,and?.ijwafe deeds of chivalry. He by no means - flings his* cloak arpund hiipJand isBues forth armed only with his trusty rapier. -ftTot lie. The gallant on the way to a rendezvous is in his fashion a —- "lent man.. Beneath his "doublet - of satin, ;at-arms,. pike or arqiiebuBe _ ind and with him como two ox if he be a great mau, a dozen trusty friends to see him through his adventure. "These 'chivalrbuB-'timeB are curiously practical when; seen: in -opntemporaneouB tapestry-, That! ;terrible seeker.-,of,-amorous adventures, the iybun'g^King- of Navarre, never stirs out of his room to perambulate the long corridors of the out a pikeman, for the way is short from the "bd'tidoir'-m ifair^i^b^tJlh^nibdy^iman smites his enemy when and where he can take him W'^isaaVantage^ is heavy with rumours. There is talk in the "following'jay-the'mam with ^maimed rites" by tu'e Cardinal de Bburbou. A strange scene, jjot within the' sacred fane,- hut outside tho Cathedral of •ITptre:; :35a.me,-~* iuge ',B.tr' , ictare ,..has:-;&bn; erected of wood, cawed and. hung with, elblh ; of gold. Henry of '.l^avarre—his mother'..two, months! dend—lays aside his mourning, "and appears with b5s ;ei^ht hundred : ;gentlemen in.'.Brave'^attire pf velvet;",s^ib, and"' cloth of in' the and conscious of' her splendour^" dressed in royal robes, with a crown and bodice of ermine, glitlering -with tlie jewels of- the' regaliaV- atid .the royal: mantle "of-blue,: with lour ells o'f train, carried bythrey ffr-inee^ses." Plump, Madge, looking -very .handsome, and triumphanti'-to be jmade a -wife • and a ^queen atkst-^albeit.toahuBbandwhpBe.neighbourr hood ; is;/;unEavoury - to" those: «f .- • delicate riostrils—-people LBhoutidg and -crowding-.-to eufrGcation, : whilethe:bridehears.maes,:aii"d her iiusband:waits outside. Tlien eome f2l.es i-.nd dances, jousts and.jLinketlngs. masques and merry- makings, the bellB. of Paris rinjging out a merry .peal^-prophetib^ enough tofepmeiharp, ears,of ,thetocBiirpfSt7Germain I'Auserrois. .. ... - .' . \- Captain BlpBsetS-a' Burgundi'ari 'Huguenbt, d is ting uishe cL-by his .valiant; .defence .of tTrTezelay against the.Catholic'army—calls one ' morning on the admiral, and asks .permission' to go home. • — •-- ~ - • - ..,.,.. , " Whyasks Coligny, "why are you in Such liaate "Because they mean no good to lis in this ace." - '.". .-' . J . " . "•Whit !" Bhouts the acimiral," do not you believe.ive have.a.good'king?" "Too good! Too,...good to us by far! That is why I want to. go away; and, if you would do as I do, M. rAmiral,.you would do good to yourself and to the cause." It is impossible to, keep , the sharp Burgundian, who takes to horse and-awav. Hardly is he clear of Paris, than Maurevert's pistol-shot, reaches the doomed admiral. Angry remonstrances and many threats are made by the Huguenots, and,'at last, the king is told that he has no' option, that his enemies are delivered into his hands, and that lie may npt let them go. This is a fearful tihie for a hiride in the first week of her honeymoon. Everyone whispering, hone teliiug her anything. Suspicious Huguenots avoiding her because she is'Catholic. Cathohes keeping their' lips close, because she has married a Huguenot, he It to herself, she creeps into' the ceremony of the " coucher" of the queen-mother, and feeling very lonely and wretched, sits down" upon a coffer beside her sister 'Claude, Ducheae of Lorraine, also very, very sad 1 : The two young women sit, hand in hand, silently and wretchedly enough, in the great dimlylighted room, hung with tapestry depicting the martyrdoms of Baints: At last the queen-mother perceives Madge sitting sorrowfully. with her sister, and commands her to go to bed. Ae she makes her curtsy, her sister Claude seizes her by the arm, and, weepiiig bitterly, cries, "Oh, God i my sister, do noii go!" Madge is more frightened still, till Catherine flies into a passion and forbids Claude to tell her anything. The Duchess of Lorraine then flies out and declares that her. 'sister, shall riot be sent to the sacrifice; that the Huguenots will" revenge themselves upon her. "' Nevertheless, the : old queen • is firm. The absence of Madge would give rise to suspicions. ' Her place.is with her husband, Driven from her mother's presericb, she-seeks her husband, whom she 'finds already in bed, surrounded' by tbirty or forty zealots of his .party, talking loudly of the attempt to assassinate the admiral, and resolving, the next' morning—alas .' for them, that next morning—to demand of the king that justice shall be done on the Guises, as otherwise they Will" take the law in their own hands." Thus-'passeB a night sleepless and of 'utter misery, the words.of her "sister Claude ringing ever in Marguerite's ears. As day breaks, her husbapd riseB to go and play tennis till King CharleB is awake, the weary woman tells her nurse to close the door, and sinks into a feverish Bleep. The awaking is frightful enough. There is loud knocking at the, door and cries of " Navarre! Navarre!"' The nurse, thinking it must be the King Henry, opens the door, when 7in rushes a man streaming with blood, with arm and shoulder cut and slashed, and clings^p the young queen—as frightened as he... Four7arcHers pursue this M. de Iieran into the very miptual chamber, and are only restrained. ± killing, their man by M. de Nancayl..captain oiE the guard, and a right merry, jo-nal gentlemariij who laughs heartily at the comical picture of tbe wounded man hoiking fast.'to plump Madge,and his four bloodhounds eager -to tear him down. These ! worthies, got rid of, jolly M. de Nancay remains with Marguerite, aiid "while ehe changes her dress, being'all covered with bipod," jtells.her. aU. about the merry Jest in action th'is, fin'e„A'ugust morning. First he grants her the life of M. de L^ran,7whom she stows away in the dreBsing'-room till his woinidB are7,healed, .'and then quiets' her fears concerning her husband, assuring her that heissafeenough with'ttie king in his cabinet,"where, by the way, is also the Prince de Condthe king offering the choice of " masa, death, .'or Bastille." Covering Marguerite's shoulders with a mantle,, pleasant M. de Nancay tells her not td be alarmed, that they are only, killing, all the Hugueuots except her liushaiid,' and|cphd(ic ts her to the chamberof her sister jClaude, where she arrives " more dead than alive." JuBt as' she stepslntb the aUte- •ehamber, .sheseesaDbther geutleman pursued by the archers, and struck" with: a halberd withm "three'.'paces o{'her royal penson. Without, make themselves' Heard-the rattle 'of arquebusades, the ';clash 'of 'swords, the triumphant yell of .the .white-scaryed crusaderB.andj now and the^ the defiant roar of a kaotpfbidsoldierewho.'despi^ and barrier6,.7pike 7and:!fiun, cut -tlirough ; their eoemies and get clear off, while above all tolls ••-the great^bell of Another fold of the; tapestry shows . us Marguerite afid the "kinglet " her husband, prisoners rather than; rulers,' as. ornament to tlie court of Charles and his successor, Henry, -7-quickly returning from Poland at the iews "of biB brother's death.. There are scbemeB to .pffect the escape of the "fox of Beam," but they are long, unsuccessful, cosiing also the lives.'^of sCo.cotinaB,, sunid.; La;, Stole—regarded,'; perhapE,withtopkindlyan;eyeby,Margu Then comes tho famous! hunting-party at Senlis and the escape of the husband,.Margne- ; rite being still.at tho court of Henry IIL— out.pf fav0brs' t0bj-^th llU8band ,'and kingly brother,.andplottmgwithtbe.Ducd'Aleneon,' her_youngerbrother--rbut.yet.th6. ornament of .eociety^in the -beat period of the Henais-: ,eance.,:Aperiodpf!charming.po8ta culture -exeeEeivelyelegant,; whenTCompared with aU that preceded it, - Yet, with all this beauty and elegance, tho age is full of savagery. --The-famous duel of the migaons wiE ,.bear-witnes.B to this. It is truo their hair,,is frizzed,:the beard plucked from their and their ruffs so vast that the head of a jnignon "resembles that -of St. John the Baptist on a charger;" but they are always ready-with the steel, and die ..violent deaths e weariness and ssorij Jus maskis lined with almondpaate to preserve hie complexion; -his love of female attire—" black satifl-Blaahed with y?hite, puffed ana pinched, laced and •VP IS telds of jaruac and Moneontour can teBtify. ' The Queen of Haytore is, for the time being,"' g'reatly Bmitten by the;spiendid figuri! of . Louis de Clermont, better known as Bussj ; d'Amboiee—the favourite of her yennger ' brother—one of the' ablest captains, and., certainly the greattat" swash-'buekler, of bis time. All thd'time he can spare, from lover making he devotes to. quarrelling and fight- '' ing. " The kibg's " ihigaonb" are this .' par-.., ticular object- of his. attack; ' He mieses no opportunity of insulting'them both By word . and'deed. Heloves .to'dresB his own lackeyB^: is'.riphly as the king's favourites, and to go himseMib'attire7-pf,;the severest 'simplicity.. Marguerite'Btoo;Buseeptible"heartiB.oceupied. by this paladin, who weirs' her ^colours—to' jwitj green 'and goldj white and violet— openly. ; Bussybomes'tp court from thewars" povpred with glory,.meets Marguerite on heit teiurn'frpto.i'"'3piirney itoSpa, anddelights, ihe. h'earfc of that princess, whose iindieguised,: jadmiiratibn ybf 7him 'is* a fertile ; Bubject" for ' those sarcastic young "/j*ebtl^men^Qufilnsjf •' Samt-L'jc? Ijivarot^ Mangiron^: r.nd Saint-' Megrin., To doBussy justice, he"is abundantly JproViaed with, wit—not pf'the delieate, highdried kind, but rough" land full- flavoured, strong military wit, as it were, Two or three. : attempts aremade loaasassinate-him, bnt-iii ^ain.' Imp'unity inakeB his tonghewag all the" ;faster. Handsome, curly-haired Quelus—'' daihtieBt and bravest of the "mignona "—is ,,'his especial butt, never spared either beEore the throne or the altar. At last things come to'.such a pass that the king, insisting on a' formal. treaty of peace, compels the two enemies to' embrace in his presence, but Only provokes from Bu&sy-orie; of his otfd Htrokei of buffoonery. . 'JJevettheless,. the quarrel it patched! up for a while,.Sussy, and other friends of the king's -brother, leading a joyous life with the royal-aignons, whose fife is. one: perpetual feasts-merry, indeed, as it need be,- for fate has: decreed that iit shall he short enough. The court is on. the best terms with the great citizens of Paris, who give entertainments three or four times weekly. . Lent is given up to. these amusements, -which prove too much for a worthy churchman—the Cardinal de Guise, better known as the " Bottle Cardinal"—a fine specimen of gourmand and gourmet, " who meddled with no Otherimatters than those of the cellar and the kitchen, "which he understood very well—far better than those of church and state." A few more bright threads :D Marguerite's • wdb of life, and then all is dark in hue and coarse in fibre. The king has determined to establish, or rather, to revive, tbe Order of the Holy GhoBt—to found an order of knighthood in honour of his sister. This Order of the Holy Ghost, new to Prance, dates from the year 13-53, when it was founded at Naples by Louis d'Anjou, King of Jerusalem, a descendent of the brother of St. Louis, whose statutes are extant, and came into the possession of Henry at Venice—a gift of the Serene Republic to the King of Poland. It is the first day of the new year, 1379, and the ceremony-of inauguration is celebrated with great pomp in the church of the AuguBtineB, magnificently decorated for the occasion- The chevaliers and knights- commanders are gorgeous to look upon. They are clothed in a barret cap of black velvet, pourpoint, and trunks of cloth of silver, shoes and scabbard of white velvet, a great mantle of black velvet, embroidered round with fieurs- de-lys in gold, With tongues of flame intermingled, and the king's cypher in silver thread,, the lining of orange-satin. Over this mantle, instead of a hood, > they wear a mantelet of . cloth of gold, also enriched with fleurs- delys, tongues of flame, and cyphers'-like the great mantle.: _ The collar of the order is formed of the king's arid Marguerite's fcyphera, interlaced -with fleurs-de-lys and fiery tongues. From this hangs a cross of gold j of marvellous work in-gold and enamel, in the middle• of which is a'white dove—the emblem of the Holy Ghc-at. A great grief now oppresses Marguerite. The career of Bussy comes to an end. Fighting appears to agree with him, but letterwriting brings him to grief. In a moment of confidence he writes a letter to the duke, his master, telling him that he is in pursuit of the " doe of tbe ^jng's grand huntsman." The duke—false and fickle ever,and just now very weary of his too' active partisan—shows the letter to the king, his brother^ who detesting BuBsy, reads it aloud to the grand huntsman himself—Charles de Chambre, Count of "AIoritBoreau.' This gentleman hies him to his castle of- Montsoreaii, hear to Saumur, and compels his nohappy countess to write' a letter -to Bussy, inviting him to "visit her there. Arriving at midnight, he is assailed by Montsoreau and si dozerit bravoes, and alter a desperate combat, fought out as long aa a bit of his sword remains in the hilt, he is finally slain, after killing several of his assailants. ^' Marguerite, inconsolable for a while, rejoins her husband at Mb little court at Nerac, and, allowed to act -as she pleases, "is the moat complaisant wife iu the world. But, as Henry of Navarre developes-irito Qenry of France, he determines to divorce " plump Madge," now more. rthan plump—with great fat cheeks, enormous shoulders, and goggle eyes set in a bald pate, crowned with a golden wig, shorn from the skulls .of a "score of blonde lackeys." No longer resplendent -at' the great court of Paris, or the little one <jf'Navarre, she keeps state, sorely straitened for cash at times, at the Castle of Utson. Years, luxurious and inglorious, pais by, and again the last of her race descends upon Paris ; no longer a wife, but divorced, and taking it in Buch good part, that she is present at the coronation of her successor—Marie de'Mediei. -Eighteen years have improved neither the looks nor the morals of the ex-queen, who lives in great splendour at her palace in the Sue de Seine. Bat she is true to her destiny, and brings death to the favourites of her old age, as to the lovers of her. youth. BeWigged aud bepainted,- the old'womari lives out ian- exist- ence divided bet we en devotion and dis-ipation., She outlives aTl-^-parerits, brothers, husband and'lovers—arid dies."greatly Tegretted as a priucess, full,of goodness and good intentions, who only did harm to herself." - Saint Denis claimB her body, but her heart—1 till at lastis deposited at the' Convent of the Sacred Heart, of which she was founder. Thus, in the year 1615, fadps out this notable figure b£ the las t daughter - of a royal ! house—famous and infamous as that of Felops. 