Out in the Cinnabar Country. I quite [BY OUR OYMl'Il: c'DimiiSKINDENT.] AFTER visiting Kilkivan and the thee and Shine, a ride of about five miles over a good stretch of flat country, I halted at Hester's Camp, situated upon Keverrigum Creek. After inspecting the works for reducing the cinnabar ore (which will be described in due order), I was kindly shown over the country by the brothers Hester. Perhaps a brief history of the discovery and subsequent progress of the mine will convey a more general impression of its importance. About four years since, or just as the copper market, after having consumed the capital of the investors, was itself lingeringly the last stage of consumption, prior to the collapse which followed, when those who had invested were voting the whole affair a swindles forgetting that their money instead of being sunk in the ground, had gone to fill the pockets of those dexterous in the manipulation of scrip at or about this time, when anything relating to mining was considered flat, stale, and very unprofitable' indeed, a report was circulated that cinnabar lodes had been discovered, in-the district, r This being a new event in colonial mining besides a novelty in itself, one would imagine that considerable interest would have been manifested. But the speculating public had been struck so forcibly by " copper," that it caused them to look with suspicion upon the new discovery.' The discoverers, like those of the copper, were not prepared with sufficient capital to work the lodes. They required assistance, and the assistance not being forthcoming, in the course of time most of the selections were abandoned. Meanwhile the Messrs. Hester, two Victorian -singers, who had spent three years among the cinnabar mines in California, visited the locality', and were so impressed with the ultimate success of the discovery, that they settled down and quietly and patiently waited until the selections should "be abandoned, devoting their energies meanwhile to*'exploring'the country and prospecting for new lodes, several of which they discovered. As the selections were abandoned by original holders, they were taken up again by the Hester's When the forfeited selections were properly secured, they erected a furnace and retort, and were gratified at the result obtained from the first parcel of cinnabar treated. Up to this time over £1000 had been expended by them. 'It was then that assistance from capitalists was sought. The capitalists appearing lukewarm, perhaps not understanding the project, and having the experience of the copper failures so recently before them, caused the brothers to abandon expectations of outside assistance. With their slender resources they bet in earnestly to work the lodes themselves. This entailed' a considerable loss of time, as everything, from raising the ore to the final process of smelting it had to be accomplished by themselves alone;, and up to. the pi mont time they have received £700 for the quicksilver they have disposed of in Gympie principally. Soiuealso was sold to the people at the Rise and Shine. The machine managers prefer it, for its purity, to any other in the market. This I know for a fact. Such is a brief history of the discovery, and after two days spent in examining the numerous lodes with which the country abounds, I am thoroughly convinced it will ultimately pi overs very important one. a 2 The first lode inspected is situated about seven miles south-east from the main camp. The selection consists ' of ' forty acres, and is called the Wolf. I was certainly surprised at the number of lodes visible cropping out of the surface both in this and the adjoining twenty acre block. I had come prepared to find but one lode, ' Instead of that there are several. The workings are upon the bank of Wide Bay Creek. The lode has been driven upon for a distance of about 75 feet. Lower down the bank another drive of about £15 feet has been put in. The lode' is about 18 inches in width, and has yielded I different parcels of ore, giving a yield of from 25 to 60 per cent, of mci cm y. Cinnabar lodes appear to bear a strong re- semblance to quartz and copper lodes, inasmuch as the erratic distribution of the metal in the stone is concerned some places pretty evenly distributed, and then a "bunch" or "patch." This will account for the 60 per cent, ore mentioned above. We knocked down some very good pieces of ore from the roof of the drive, then came upon what I considered the beginning of a rich bunch (the cinnabar miner's patch). Instead of the red streaks of metal through the ore, it was covered with a brilliant red powder. I was about to congratulate them upon the discovery, but was quickly undeceived by being in. formed that, instead of being as it seemed ore of extraordinary richness, it was of the poorest description. All outside show, barren within. This same identical powder has deceived many others besides myself, for the powder is nothing but the vermillion of commerce. About four tons raised during the week were in a heap ready for carting to the fin race. it was 25 per cent, ore The quality of the ore is easily distinguished and upon a very short acquaintance one acquires a knowledge of it. This lode has been opened at several other places on the surface, the lode appearing of a similar nature to that inspected in the drives, Beyond a few surface scratching?, the other lodes remain undisturbed. Indeed, from our good strong lode cropping out further up or down the creek, I forget which-that had never been tried several pieces were broken disclosing the red streaks of metal through the stone. At a distance of about 300 yards higher up the ridge the twenty acre block is situated. The lode in this selection is a parallel one to that in the Wolf. This house has its peculiarity of its own. The metal does not occur in regular streaks, but in lumps of sometimes, pure silver in the very heart of the stone. The old crops of several other lodes were ' visible on this selection, and like those on the Wolf, except a little fossicking nothing has been done to them. The main lode, or the one upon which the shaft is sunk, is about I r 2 feet 6 inches in width. The shaft is 25 feet in g Kilkii To S siuipl BIRCH' drink cases the St inhale " way count not a any g mine. No spot called from acres, rained down about at the follow again to be any 1 feet further Susan is to yield the s Wolf Sever The this i that cqua is set select prop then out his ne BUUl, in, ideal lay a 'mile surf i pens grow and stre: surf. the ore, in j pure ore appr high my tubes six £21 sole soil A Ml The in v third loch lot of e The tion ore 1 will red deer but all the the no coal to the on for cat But the tin To THE the gas in fu is thin on the ca be to sa 1" go to I for man if he was t in iter shoot the depth. About four miles in a south-easterly direction from the Wolf, away up and over country just about as rough as one could reasonably desire, crossing ravines, climbing steep and rugged spurs, disturbing thousands of kangaroos in our journey, we at length reached the top of the dividing range. Upon the same side the water fell towards the Burnett, the other side was the watershed of Wide Bay Creek. After admiring the surrounding panorama below, after viewing the equally rugged metalliferous ranges opposite, wherein the Black Snake and the numerous copper lodes exist, we returned to business. It lay at our feet, and appeared like a long un- broken solid wall of masonry, of between 4 and 5 feet in width. The action of the water had washed the earth from its sides, leaving it for a long distance projecting above the ground. This is called the " Old Man " lode. I have certainly seen other lodes as large, but never so distinct and projecting for such a distance above the surface. It is a huge affair altogether ; appeals as if some leviathan of old had crawled up to the top of the highest range to die. The flesh had become shrunken and withered, while the enormous back-bone (the lode) remained intact. If this be so, it is jbart id ian the largest fossil in creation. The selection con1 skin of 240 acres, the outcrop being visible through the whole extent. The lode so far as it has been opened is of an inferior description. The workings consist of a drive (from a ravine, over which it crosses), about 35 foot in length. Another trench higher up has been opened upon it. The ore being of better quality than that in the drive. The trench is about 3 feet in length by a depth of 10 feet. This lode, considering its BRO, Mr. Hester informs me, and at I could be made to give good dividends dis I in California- not estimating the bunches I that would probably be discovered or any im- posal I provident in the ore which most likely occurs com- I at a depth. This selection is twelve miles from Hester's Camp. , Upon our homeward journey we passed several other ladies. Some had just been fossicked on the surface, and one or two had not been disturbed. I spoke about disturbing kangaroos. Well, I have repeatedly read about their being so numerous and the ravages they commit. 1 never realised their extent until I actually saw them. Their number is legion. Hundreds crop up at every turn. They don't appear at all will just take a if she "hop, step, and jump" out of the way, and devour child I the feed of the starving cattle, in this season of drought they must be a very terror to the days to a aliens Since, post with a of the these, the his child. "pos was can s of our pratt light heart fails has i a gas main that must have weig hold then fide - games facts with inspt he v back this ruin Lym man but squatters. Strange that while the Widgee I a is smiling with plenty, having received fair proportion of the late rains, out in the cinnabar country, which is on Kilkivan run, scarcely a drop has fallen. No grass for miles and as for the cattle, it is simply pitiable to see them. Pensive with sheer starvation, they crawl down to the creek to drink, and die where they drank. Dead carcasses along the Wide Bay Creek for miles, and the stench is something horrible. You not only inhale, but you can feel it it comes upon you in " waves." Further west, I was informed the country was even worse. A squatter's life is not all "beer and skittles?," and if sympathy is any good to them, they are heartily welcome to mine. ' Next day we took another direction, and inspected several other lodes. The first visited is called the Sligo. This is situated two miles from Hester's camp : the selection consists of 20 acres. A splendid patch of rich ore was obtained here near the surface. The shaft is down 18 feet. The lode is not very large, about 10 inches in width ; it pinches out at the bottom of the shaft. It has' not been followed to ascertain whether it would make again at a lower depth, which is very likely to be the case, for it is nothing extraordinary for any lode to " peter out " and then after a few feet to be as strong as formerly. half-a-mile further we came to another selection called the Susan. This is a good strong lode. The shaft is down 30 feet. The ore taken from this lode yielded 5 percent, of quicksilver. Went down, the shaft, the formation is similar to that of the Wolf, but the lode is not so well defined. Several big lumps of ore were upon the surface. The next lode visited is named the Queensland ; this is the best lode I inspected, and considering that so much has been opened and the stone equally rich all over the workings, also the lode is strong (5 feet wide and well defined. This selection must eventually prove a very valuable property. There is one alteration required though, and that is a different system of taking out the ore. Instead of digging a quarry (for it is nothing else a proper sized shaft should be sunk, then when necessary, the levels should begin in, followed by the ordinary stop - . A great deal more ground can be taken out at a less outlay in this manner, besides avoiding opening so much surface ground as a receptacle for the surface water. It will have to be done this way eventually, and then there will be the extra expense incurred in filling in and securing the ground taken out. The shaft is 35 feet deep and 30 feet in length, The ore is beautifully streaked by numerous veins of metal. From the surface I poured some water down the side of the lode ; it gave a very pretty effect to the ore, causing the rich red metallic streaks to show in pleasant contrast to the white semi-trans- parent cale spar of the lode, About six tons of ore was stacked and dressed on the surface. It appeared a very good sample and should yield a high per centage of silver. Upon referring to my notes, I find that Mr. Hester calculates that about £70 worth of mercury is contained in the six tons at grass. Quicksilver to the value of £240 8s. 9d. has been sold from this lode. The selection consists of eighty acres. There are seven distinct lodes in the block. About half a mile nearer the camp Messrs. McTaggart and-Bloodworth'ssolection is situated. The shaft is down 60 feet, lode about 18 inches in width. One parcel treated by Mr. Hester for them yielded 12 percent. We passed seven lodes between the Queensland and this selection. omitted to mention that one parcel of 18 cwt. of ore from the Susan yielded 90 lbs. of mercury. There was another lode upon the Potter selection that I did not visit, it is a big lode, but the ore of not of very good quality. Before describing the furnace' and retort, I will make a few general remarks. None of the lodes have been prospected to any depth. The deepest shaft upon the Hester's selection is but 85 feet '(the Queensland) ; the workings are all confined to the surface. So far as they have been sunk upon they carry their size pretty regular, and have no indication of ' dying out. Whether they continue their' size for a great depth, I am unable to say. There is certainly every appearance of their being permanent, because they are so big on the surface, so well defined, and can be traced for such a distance. If, like other lodes, they carry their size down, and are as rich as upon the surface, then cinnabar mining will be a "big thing," and will take a prominent part among the valuable mineral resources of Queensland. The homestead selection consists of forty acres. There are several lodes upon it but as far as they have been opened they have not shown in glowing colors. There is one important article in abundance, and that is suitable timber for fuel for the furnace for that matter, the country is generally well timbered. ' Upon this selection the works for treating the ore are situated, the furnace and retort appearing like a good sized baker's oven. Indeed the whole process of reducing the ore is so very simple and inexpensive as to cause not a little surprise. No expensive batteries to erect, with costly steam machinery to drive them. No Berdans or Wheeler's patent safeties required, as in quartz mining. No. expensive smelting furnaces as in copper mining, for the cinnabar ore does not require o smelting to extract the quicksilver, only to be heated to a moderate degree of heat. This will be easily understood when the volatile nature of mercury is remembered. Just a simple furnace similar to a baker's oven, having a place for the fuel underneath, with a long in on tube (Hut at the bottom) above for the retort. The ore is first broken in pieces about the size of road metal and placed in the retort (lime being added as a flux). The fire underneath is lighted, which very' soon causes the mercury in the heated ore to feel very uncomfortable and finding things getting two "warm" it takes a hasty leave of its companion and evaporates. The vapour retreats to the back of the retort and escapes through a pipe into an iron chest. This is the condenser. Upon the top of this ghost or sink, a constant stream of cold water is running, which condenses the vapor, which falls to the bottom pure quick- silver. The stones are then raked out of the rotor and a fresh lot shovelled in, which under- goes the same process. Three batches of ore can be operated upon in this manner daily. The furnaces consumes two and a half cords of wood per week, but the same quantity is sufficient for two retorts instead of but one, as in the present case. If with their present limited and primitive way of working, these two men can make it pay, how much more so if the works were carried on in a systematic manner, and upon a more extended scale. Everything has to be done by themselves-tools made and kept in order, are dug from the lode, then carted to the furnace ; firewood chopped in suitable lengths lime burned, etc, are roasted, and the produce taken to Gympie. See the loss of time all this entails, and see the time gained if men were employed in each separate department, to say nothing of the profits accruing from each extra hands employed. in their present way of working nothing less than 2 J per cent, ore will pay, and yet ore yielding but 1 per cent, is equal to quartz yield- ing an ounce to the ton ; it is easily figured up, for one ton of ore giving ] per cent, of mercury of | (it causes' 3s. 3d, per lb.) is equal to £3 5s. If instead of mercury these lodes continued gold representing an equal value, then thousands of men would have long since been employed on them. A township would have sprung up, and the inhabitants are now clamoring for a cheap railway. This, no doubt, appears a flattering description looks well on paper, some may think. Yet I can assure you a closer inspection of the lodes themselves, and a better acquaintance with the simple and comparatively inexpensive process for reducing the ore, appears in just as favorable an aspect. I have simply desire bed what I have seen, am entirely disinterested, and least thoroughly impartial. Taking a practical view of the matter, I would not wish for a better spec enctB than a three years' tribute on the Queensland riches I lode itself. My original intention was to visit the copper mines, and Black Snake reef, situated upon the opposite ranges to that upon which the Old Man lode is " fixed." No work of any consequence is being done there, and with the exception of one or two claims on the Black Snake the place is deserted. Most of your readers are probably posted in the history of the rise and subsequent fall of this enterprise. It was a mad scheme from the first. Selections were taken up indiscriminately all over the country, and shores were as indiscriminately purchased in them. Obtain Take a I dug scrip was in the majority of cases the only devour consideration. Foreign capitalists were to crowd season p in and buy up the shares for fabulous prices, and to the colossal fortunes were to be made by those nest ken lone it is constable in- as soon. vine, gth. upon that it in con- nine, hours from here! the roots. have serious raised Their every bus and that Lou feet, tain bet was best proc shot hard cash He, Bias place me out vii!, dish "of Spe Hai ing 'J ent ing rea wir ing to her mo day she to the sea bri wh BOl ho ubi "pob'scBsed" of the coveted shareS. Maryborough was hit very hard. Soissons the Brisbane folks can speak very feelingly of it to this day. Some of our fortunate reefers bets on Gympie went in pretty heavily,, and' carried out considerably lightened. Over' speculation in any industry, however legitimate, must in the end proved failure. How much more so when that industry has simply no existence The material to build a gigantic mining enterprise was there, and remains there yet ; but when on the strength of that alone people invest their capital, a crash must ensue sooner or later. Those who were hungry for shares fell crushed beneath the weight. I was acquainted with several shareholders in the copper selections, and not one of them held scrip in a lode that was being bona-fide worked. It was nothing but an everlasting gambling and trucking in shares. Here are facts. Mr. Lymburner, who has been connected with mining for years, came from Adelaide to inspect the lodes. "With a letter of introduction he visited a gentleman at Maryborough. " Go back," said the Maryborough main, " the whole thing is a failure, and I have been very near ruined with it." Upon subsequent enquiry Mr. Lymburner learned that not one penny of the money lost had been expended to work the lodes, but was lost through the sudden fall of shares in the selections invested in. Mr. Lymburner, however, repaired to the copper district, and was so impressed with the value of the lodes, that after a careful examination of one-the Louisa-that had been opened for a depth of 30 feet, the lode averaging a width of 2 feet, containing 30 per cent. ore. As it was lying idle he thought he could get it upon easy terms, to work on tribute from the proprietors. They, besides requiring 25 per cent. from the gross proceeds, also wanted a guarantee that £100,000 should be expended on the ruined Mr. Lymburner grew disgusted with the whole affair, came to Gympie, and has since resided here. He, however, is still a firm believer ah enthusiast, in fact-of the ultimate success of the place. 