"Homer and his Poems." A LECTURE BY THE REV B. E. SHAW. The following highly interesting lecture was delivered in the Singleton Mechanics Institute by the Rev. B. E. Shaw, on Thurs-<*> day evening last. Mr. A. J. Gould, dent, occupied ttte chair, ar.d aaving intro duced tbe rev.fcctaretC . -??.??' wy ''?%??%£'??'\~. ;''ijThe Ucti Mr. Shaw; c*me : fcerward,'r.aod. ? "Homer. " and His Poems"a* the. subject of this:evea *ug*s lecture, yon wilt no* ?reo.arre' of mc, arid ;.-jf shall not attempt to treat it otherwise than ia a light arid'superficial, manner, without '.aoy-preteiiee of Teaming- I shall, deem myself happyiiif, in,tho hour we are about to passtogether; I can intercstand fjlease you ; and: the better- to avoid the impardbnable, am trfdttiriessjt shall freely from any : author think serve- to- illustrate -bur theme;" and you.:! tbirikvwill: as. freely;. 1 pardon roe for: doing so. -This is kbusy age in which we live, and we have no timc.fbr prosing- In the eager competition, the rest;', less spirit; of engoiry, the daring; questioning;, which prevails,.we are"hecorne, impatient of the past.' Quickened by the impulse: of that', great discovery, which, in bur ShakeripeareV: 'ruirasev.li?jS~put a girdle round the/earth in forty minutes,'* men's minds are' harried oil with iherapid progress of events. We know in a few hours what has transpired in the' C-tbiojeU of Europe, and those, decisions: of statesmen. Parliaments/ and: kings : which ? affect the ilestinies.of nations snd.onrowu.. i And what them, it may not be "unreasonably i asked;!* Homer to us in such stirriug times. ' 'as'these f . iVhat have wcvto do with a man I' who Jtvcd'SCdO years, ago;? : Wo care not for i his cfcbwebs.:' : Ah I .but there.is rib prosing; ; no dblhess, lie cobwebs, to be' found - nbout .Iris foems." -They are full of life, mid. fire, and invention, arid incident, and action. Aiut little know;what aliving-powcr. he.is still in the world—what an influence he utM exercises in tbe empire of thought—who believe that the time has Come, or ever will ccme, when the song of the "Blind old Bard of- ScioVllocky : -despised.'-"' For Homer is one of the trio colossal figure*—*?ur Shakespeare is the other—who, as; poets.' tower far above' iill others..' See him as he" stands in the earliest dawn' of is termed tbe heroic age—the Jnrentiax atnnUr, or youth of the-world, as Gladstone terms it, when men lived fresher and simpler, perhaps, more sunshiny and cheerful, lives. See him in tits brightness of the; iiew day, as; he stands in the majesty ot -genius; his lyre js. in his band, and the world .must listen.: 'lie' has come forth, anil with him the -whole Greek race, from the voiceless night of bygone-, ogca—ages of which the' Pyramids of Egypt are the 'solitary standing monuments, and of which, except in his poems, there is no other record, save what Moses has written of God'rf chosen people Israel, and "perhaps the Hook of Job, or, it may be,. the ancient Vedas, the religious epics of Hicdostan. . If, then, for no other reason than to learn how men spoke, and thought, and acted, and felt In: those early times, the' Iliad or Odyssey must possess fur us the highest interest ; bnt to. this must be added the grandeur and invention of unrivalled genius. His works are the Treasury from which the greatest of ! succeeding epic poets have enriched them selves. Virgil,: Dante, Tasso, and our own Milton have nil followed the method of that style of poetry, of which he was the father, and have made uso of many of the very inci dents which he invented or described. There .never has been a.time, in which, among the. old heathen, his poems have hot been esteemed beyond all others; Before writing was invented they were receited by rhapso dists or. bards in the banquet hulls of kingsu lii after ccritnrics, the educated Greek or I ICouinn was Scarcely deemed a scholar if ho co-tld not repeat the; whole of them from memory. -Alexander, the world's conqueror, slept with them and his sword beneath his pillow; while, in times that are' more familiar.to us, by some of the greatest of our .English writers, he has been held in almost equal honour, tic has been translated by many ot our lending poets. Chapman, the friend : and contemporary of Spenser, of Shakespeare. Drydcn, Pope, Sothcby, Tickell arid many others, oven the dry and cynical Hobbes. and the religious Cowper," have in turn all tried their hands' upon him; '?* while, nt the present time, the late Premier of Kugland, Mr. C is. almost yearly bringing out fresh, books, about' him, still finding, as he admits tie has done for many years, the delight,' the recreation, , and' the rest of those hours of. leisure which he' can steal from the cares of politics. 'VVho, then, wasHoraerl Wheredid he live 7 : Of this we know nothing. Nor is it likely that we ever shall, for he says not a.word about him-: self, mid there is. no other" record of those times: ~Wc are,' indeed, assured by some of those wise men—principally Gcrmaiis-r-wbo . question what everybody else believes, and: -'. : "Spend their toil ';:.;-.. In dropping, backets into empty wells,; And growing old in drawing nothing np," that no such man as Homer ever livcd, : uml, that his so-called Works are the corofKjsitif.ns .of wandering hiiiistrel-vwlio recited them at fcstnl assemblies and in the lialls of Princes. But tho completeness oE design, the close connection of nil tlie parts, the unity .pre-' served in ibe portraiture of the characters' from first to last, forbid any such belief with, common-sense peoplo like ourselves.' Bnt it matters, not''who Homer was.; . He .is en shrined in the creations of his genius. *. In the courage, and reverence, and truth, and dig nity, yes, nnd in tlie tenderness and conrtesy which hcdcscribcs nsbelonging to hisHerocs, we see himself. He must have been like thosewhorn hcltaisung, for the freshness, and firo, and life of his descriptions arc from the; very soul. It-is-an ancient tradition that lie was blind ; and so. on those cameos and seal ring*, which are copied from the antique, he, is always represented. But if so, like onr. own blind Milton, the time was- when he saw more than other.-men. All ..his descriptions of form, of colour, of beauty, the marvellous shield of Achilles, the gardens and palace of Alciuoiis, the cave of .Calypso,; the varieties of trees,' and n thousand other such things prove clearly enough tbst, , if . he wiis ever blind, it was only after all nature and its loveliness bad been seen.and registered on the faithful tablets of his brain ; and ho brought them forth again'ashe needed them, described in the noblest and most resonant language, as was the Greek, of all the lan guage* Of men.; and so they: have become an everlasting possesaion, for, as some, poet 'say*..'va thing of beauty is a joy forever,", Nor.do; we know his birthplace, or where be lived.;-' Many an ancient city claimed the honour.;: I was about to give you a list of them, preserved in: a couple of Greek arid Latin lines, aud then say-after the manner of Macanlay, in hi* essays, " as every school boy knows"; rbutlsriare.you, and honestly confess that I. should have to go to the classical dictionary myself, before .1' could quote them to you correctly: 1 ;: It- matters not where he lived; CUe beldhgs'to'alljtmies and countries—to any of; us; here ;ia "New South Wales who choose to study him. But it may be asked—why is Homer so idolized -. and- studied ?;>; WeU, first; because of the universality of his geaios. : There Is some ; thing to be found in. him; for all. The his torlan * goes to.. hint: '-fatlllEw'iiiWTrtni.;^>prt' men and tinngav tuni'Qitiitslgfo. modes ot wary and arts, sad goes to gioo* aiift. woisbip, slid .mrjdea'of ?thi-nigil-4?r : -au?ifi?^^ pictures, incidents, dehquytioris, and: epithets iritk'wh?*chir? verse is croasrlaa. But there is something more, to in "Homer beyond .fine poetry, history nod ?'pjuj"oeorjhy—something which appeals to oar common, feeJaag, ?* that touch ot nature which. maaVjes the whole world aan.**" "We there see how menr -such, as, we are— .children of one family with the same wort to do-, to tire the "best and "happSest life tbay couid, with, the sasae trials, the same diftt ?aKtea—-how-they flwwrgrrt. sad .felt, and acted. Men and wc?nen,-pdncea?tnd people, alt are here nVlinrsted. Tune is Ho?ner*B, greatest charm. Permit tne here to quote the'eloquent word* of Kr. Troade, one of our greatest living; writers, about this. Be it *p?a*rtf?r> ?.r * of some of Homer's child scenes—- 44 "With all these years between their and ours, child would meet child, withmrt sense of stnrugencsa ia common games and common pleasures. Tbe little Ulysses climbing- on the "knees of his father's guest, coaxing for a taste of the red wine, and spilling it as be starts nt the un usual taste; or that other most beautiful picture of him running at. Laertes-" side, in the'garden at Ithaca, the father teaching; the boy the names of the fruit trees, and' making presents to him of this tree, and that, tree for his very own to help him .to remember what they were called. ' The partition wall of 3000 years melts away as. wo look back at scenes like these; that broad-world experienced man was once then such a little creature, as we remember ourselves, and Laertes a kind; calm fattier of the 19th century. Then, as now, the children loved to sport upon the shore and watch the in rolling waves. . Then,.as now, the boy archi tect, would pile : the moist sand, into mimic town and castle, and, when the work was finished, sweep it away agaiu in wanton humour. Then, as now,; the little .tired maiden would cling to her mother's skirtaad trotting painfully along beside her look, up -wistfully, with moist eyes, to be carried', in her arms.'*.. So much for. Homer; aiid now for If is poems. These arc two—the Iliad and the Odyssey ; and. they. contain together; about 27,000, lines, ?? ?*? as. full of matter," as Gladstone, says,, egg is full of moat." Out of such v mass I Shall not attempt.more than to set before you n. tew extracts to illustrate some of his characters, with a few outline descriptions, of. the . social. life aud manners of that age. 'The Iliad describes tho last battles and events of the leu years' siege of' Ilium or Troy.; The Odyssey, on the other hand, is a kind of sequel, and depicts the sufferings and wanderings of Ulysses, otic Of the chieftains ill- that war, on his return home, 44 a good man struggling with the storms of .fate." -First, as to the' Iliad. It commences with ? the. 'sullen wrath of Achilles; on account, of a' wrong done" to him by 'Agamemnon,. and-;ends with' the death of Hector, which sealed;the doom of Troy ; for Achillesauil Hector arc the two champions respectively of. the- Greeks.and Trojans, in whom the chief inUpresL is centred and the fate of the war depends. ' lv the capture of ono of the neigbouriug cities, a maiden of surpassing beauty, the daughter. ,of Chryses, the priest of the Sun-God ApollO, had fallen to tlie share of Agamemnon and become his slave. Her who comes to ransom her, is dismissed with scorn and threats. .As he returns disconsolate and angry by the slioroof the dccp-gonmling sea, he prays to."Apollo for Ifc'cr> with wreaths. I hucg.thy sacred fane, Or fed the Hamcs with fat of oxen slain ; God of the silver bow I Thy shafts employ, Avenge thy servant, and the Greeks destroy. Immediately' the God descends, -like 'the night, and with his arrows shoots a death plague amid the host,. This description of the descent of Apollo, as the Plague-God, is considered very fine. Here itisin sober prose, which, however, compared to Homer,, is no better than a cart-horse to EcUpee-TV Thus he prayed, and Phcebn* heard him pray And, vexed at heart, down from the tops ot steep Heaven stooped ; "?'??'? His bow and'his .quiver on his shoulder he '... .threw," ?; And of the angry God, the arrows, as he moved, rattled round him, . Like the night, gloomily ranged he the host, And, his bard-loosing, hand his silver bow twanged. . " - First the mules, then swift hounds, then the . Greeks themselves His dread arrows slew ; and the death fires never went out; . .. About the army nine days flew his shafts. Here we have an intimation, as all through Homer, of-the ..wonderful' nearness ? of their so-called Gods to -men. In fact, throughout the Iliad Awe see 'a kind of double action going on. and how what ia done on earth has already been settled in Olympus. The Gods - go to and fro, mingle themselves with the concerns of their favourite heroes, appearand disappear in the most wonderful way, dis playing as much partisanship and ingenuity in carrying ' ont their plans and-, upsetting their rivals as"is ever exhibited in the House of Assembly in Macquarfe-street. The "Gods, of Homer are liko nothing else .we read of— more like what we should conceive guardian' angels to be, if these could have human-pas sions and attributes, to say nothing of very material -bodies. | They;amrepresented as subordinate-7-e'veii' Jupiter-;-himself is—to some dimly conceived necessity.or fate. As -Homer conceives nnd describes them, they are. not gross and sensual, aa they are reprc seutett in the latter days of Greece ; so that St. Paul then speaks of .a sacrificing to .-.them as a sacriliciuguulodevilsL 1 "We cannot say what they were,. or whence HomcrAgbt his notion of them. Some'think that they represented Deified men,; others, the powers of nature personified;, and others, the im \- personation' of; human .attributes and pas-' sions.. - To. Tetiiin '-to-Agamemnon... The King is soon brought to his senses, and the daughter of Chryses is restored— r bnt still shows- himself/ rapacious- /. and* unjust,,. If he* cannot have Chrjrseis,. ;bo will take Briscis, the fair captive.- of Achilles.. -Thus lux threatens ' ? '..;-'- ,-'... thy tent I'll seize the .blooming-prize, Thy loved Briseis with'thc radi?nt'cyes.. .-."' Of course there is a quarrel. .Achilles springs to his.feet, and half draws his sword, and while he -stands for a moment nudecided whether he will control himself or rush upon' the King and .slay in tha very nick of time-?'...'.-..-.-??- ?:'.',..[. ?-.'.;? '.".!.' '?:.'?'?,????' "While vet unsheathed appeared ibf%g]ittering. '[:??: blade,-;;"-'" '.'.-.A . . AAA.'-' Minerva swift descended from above; ?'.:?.'?" '?'? and stands behind and catches him. by his ?yellowlocks,"- -'*- - -A'- - A- l \- :; At his back she stood, A To none apparent, save himself alone, A ? And seized his golden looks ; Startled he turned, and instant knew Sliuervx 7 . He is stoppod from violence, but indulges in a burst of vehement, abuse . which - Mr. M'Klhone himself might envy, beginning "drunkard, dog-eye,'' deer-heart,'' : Pope translates it,. Aa AAA,-- *. ;'.??-?.;..?.'-.--.:-..-;.?.;..-.--.'.?.- O nionafer f mixed of insolence and fear. Thou dog in" forehead, but in heart a deer; ; When wert thou known; in ambushed fight ? A. A' to. dare,' A A A A;" A.v ;":AAA.'.::! Or nobly face the horrid front of war f ".-'.?';,' \\. STis ours the chance of, fighting fields to try, r Xhine to look bu and bid the .valiant die.'.., . ! And so on, with a good deal of injustice, for > Agamemnon was ho "laggard in war" ;' but [then Achilles was in a rage He ends by 'swearing.by -bis Princely sceptre— 44 Trer mendons oath, inviolato by Kings," When bleeding Greece again ????-..??.?, Shall c.-ill Achilles, she shall call iv vaht. When flushed with- slaughter, Hector Comes '?::. -.-A'Ato spread ; : '.:aA A AA;A ?A^A v A.;';'?? ; .\A-:;-; .. The purpled shore with .mountains of .the. f ;?".?'. ?" -..j. dead r;;';A:--A. ~- A. Then rage iv bitterness of sonl.to faiow.-vf; 'A; ; This act has made the bravest Greek thy toe!,. He spofe*"az?l xmopa "iinrleti mgmhatt the 3cj3a swiptzev alsiiiaf "aith goadett **?*ts "nsen, sternly suenr sai, Achafleavand we must own "be steps upon the stsae with a good deal ot spirit. hot T hardly thmV, -when we cocnpare'hjui, with Hector, that we accept him. as our ideal of the best, or " v JTrUveSt oiuselaea very mneh an mm. Homer ccustautly styles: hint, the God- Eke Achillea and always, re presents him, aa first in beauty,_ in strength, and cuauatje- His -might is irre -aastiblfe. Jriia spirit—a vrvifyingf fire which exalte him far above, the brute couxzge and strength of who also- waa greatly heaaHrat. He ia *J*t> repseseuted. ss "UJurteotrs. and\ ,and; scorna it lie, because- it is beneath him,, Almost the strongest >. deniuicaatioa' nf falirrhood avcar uttered is from, his lips— *VFbr> dares think oae thins:, and another tell. My heart detests him aa the gates of Hell. But. he is haughty, proud, and self-willed, and scornful. He will not do a mean thing, it is true. He ia perfectly open, because he is perfectly fearless ; hut he Ss selfish, over weening, and revengeful. He trails the body of slain Hector in the dust behind his chariot as he scours round the walla of Troy, glutting his eyes the while with the spec tacle- of the aged parents and the waning: widow wringing; their hands upon the ram-, part* ; and this to avenge his friend Patro elns. Twelve days he kept the body uu-' buried in his tent. Twelve Trojan youthshe clays and casts on the funeral pyre _ of Patroclus, that he. too, may rejoice his spirit with revenge, in the place of the departed. Still Homer could conceive and delineate-lit. the rival Hector the- nobler portrait .of the -patriot. In him -we see no trace ot selfish ness or arrogance. He is c tenderv large hearted man, Jmmbtc, and, one that believes iv Providence. ' The- confidence ot Achilles is in* the 'strength' of his own arm :. bnt Hector says, in words which might almost be the words of the son of Jeste, - GoiVs will is over all. He makes the strong man to fear; and gives the victory-to the weak if it Bhall please him." Duty, and not vain glory, is the 44 loadstone of hie life. He might have spoken as Onr own 'gallant Sir Richard Grcnvitlc, that old lion who. when dying of his wounds, with the Spaniards standing round him, cried ont in their lan guage :? : 44 Here die.l, Bichard Grenyil7c, with a joyful and quiet mind, for that I have ended my life as a true soldier ought to do that hath fought for his ' country, .Queen, religion, and honour; wherefore, my pour most joyfully departeth. out:, of this.'body.J* Hector is also tender-hearted ' and affec tionate. It is true that the most.bit tor grief, is shown . by Achilles over tho death of his friend Patroclus; but it is selfi?b; when com pared with the farewell sceine, between Hector and Andromache at the Scscan gate the day he fc?L; The whole; passage is one of .the most pathetic in any langnage. Here, is a portion of it as rendered by Dr. Haw trey, a headmaster of Eton, some" twenty years ago. Andromache speaks— Hector, my- brave one, but too brave to be safe or to pity. This thine iiifant child, or mc,; the unhappy. —thy widow, simoon to be called—for soon the Grecian warriors wilt slay thee, Bushing together on one-; bnt for ute, far happier were it Were I bereaved of thee— to sink in the grave ; for what other Hoi* of comfort havo I, when fate thy career shall have ? ended ? Hector, to mc thou art nil and enough for father and mother;, :. Aye, and for brother, too, my brave, my beautiful husband. O, then pity mc now, and stay where' thou art, on the rampart* ; Slake not thy child here an; orphan-—thy wife, too, a desolate widow.?'-?: Then ho stretches ont his arms for the child, who shrank from him screaming when he saw ' the nodding plume on his father's helmet; but he unfastened it and laid it on the ground while raising the child ; and ia- his arms he kissed him and prayed aloud for him to the Gods : and his prayer is noble as himself— So said the chief, and replaced the child in the arms of his consort. Gently, but she then at once on her fragrant bosom received him, Smiling amidst her tears, but her husband pitied her weeping, Soothing her grief in his arms, and thus . consoling, addresses her—- - 14 Dearest, do not too much afflict thy spirit with sorrow ; Kouo can in spite of the fates send mc to the .... mansion of Hades!. ' Yet, what they have decreed, no man has the ? A power of escaping, Coward or brave though he be, from the hour when he first was created I Go, then, go to thy house, where duties befitting await thee,. - . ;-. There by the distaff and loom, and order thy handmaids about thee,' All to their daily employ. For men is the. care of battle, Most of them-all forme 'mong the native ' heroes of Ilion." " ""?';' Homer's love of beauty. The love of .beauty Mias, as you know, always pre eminently distinguished ? the Greek, race. Their statuary, such of it as still remains, and the ruins of their architecture, attests it to this day, and 1 Homer's admiration for it was intense. ; Thus we.see everywhere iv his : poems how he-deemed. it an essential iv' his highest ideal, of manliness. All his herpes, are. endowed with it. ' Achilles,. the ' greatest, is'also.the most beautiful, whilst Thersifes, tlie basest wretch, is loaded with deformity and ugliness., l . He is a scurrilous prating demagoguel Akindof man for whom Homer evidently had a supreme contempt. This is what he says of him. The scene occurs hi conneil and is concluded, so far as Thcrsites is concerned, by Ulysses giving him a hearty thwack on his hunchback with hia acptre and sending him headlong to his ?Thersitcs only clamoured in the throng, Loqnatious, loud, and tnrbulant of tongue,. And by no shame, by no respect controlled; In scandal busy, in reproaches bold.; - With wily, malice.atudious to defame; ! Sneers all and scoffing all his aim.- ,'- But chief he gloried -with"licentious style. . -,? To lash the great,and monarchs to,revile.;. His as-mighthissoul proclaim^— ? ; Onc eye was blinking, ami one leg was lame.* His monntain-shoulders' half his., breast -~..' o'crspread, :.'?? ...- ?'?: : ,- A Thiii hairs bestrewed Ids long inishapen '..'??',..'..' '?['? -.',-';?'? ? .; i.".-.?.- ?'..-.'.'',';. : Homer never speaks, of beauty in such a way ai by it to attract sympathy, for what is contemptible or cviC. "It. is never: in his characters held up to admiration apart from virtue.. Thus. Parisy.the most beautiful man of : . his. age, Is.generally -spoken, of .con-, .temptuonaly,'and Helen, the most lovely of her sex, "his never--mentioned with the deep .respect which is paid to the virtuous wives,: Andromache and. Penelope. ? Helen herself. In the' momcnts.nf repentance, laments the' fatal dowerof her.beauty. ~.':: ;?".;, Ah 1 bad I died ere to these walls I fled, ' ?-- False to my country and my hnsband*s bed;' .My brothers;?friends,; and daughters left ',;- hebini,!:.: '.'._ ..;.; ---A v---'-..-j' ..,.;.;? ;A.,;.'.'/A False to them all—"to Paris only kind. '?"?'.['? For thislmonm, tillgrief or dire diseaw: Shall waste the form whose crime it was to ';...?>;?'.-.? please. ?;?'.-';',-.;" A;-.A ,'v!,a'. ; ':-'aa;AV. ?. Tennyson bas very aptly and gracefully seized this, point in his A" Dream, of. Fair"i TVomen.'' ':??,??: 'j ???" '/.: ',;'-.,,-;..-.'.-;.'." '.-;:'? '??.'-. A'-."';';' At length I saw a lady within call, A -; '-! Stiller than chiselled marble standing I there. A daughter or the Gods, divinely fall, ?.-..,-...- And iuost divinely -fair." - y'^' : -"?_'?-". -,-'?. ; : "She'turning oanijr face; ; A The star-like" sorrows of immortal eyes ? -Spoke slowiy-jinier. i-;;i;. A-.;.;..-.-., ?j.'/i.'.z.j,, I had great beauty-, ask thou not my usme; -. Ho one can be more wise than destiny. .>..-..; Bany drew -swords aud died ? where.-, t I brought mlnTniirv. .... I would the white", cod, lieaviagpjn*^ "Whirled, by the wind had roTTd. mc defo- Then. when'f,left my home." Homer's Women. We win now proceed ??, spesk of Homer** women, and amrXoea* coodrtum- Like ,a -b??>-lie?rterx^r C tt esteems aad honors then, and his owJZ Sqn urthe. loving: cuofidance whfcutti£ mjsJwnd* reposed in Andromache and *w: Jope reads almost Eke a sermon raSt-laat* safely trust-in her; sue'wiff do huu good and not exit aU"the. da?TS her lifer As a matter of found ?d treatment of women vary accoiraW to. thi purity of the icHgrou under stoiiSer iindthe-iespecCipaidtoit. later ages: when, all reverence was loslTS the ideas concerning the gods had hetkX so changed as to invest them with evervkin<r of, sensnality—when their religion had oecome nothing Tout a mass of folly ami corruption, both in the Greek and Lata, races, that reverence for true womaahood was lost. The same is true also ot the Christian era. t Tie faith of CJhrist has indeed **aiacd woman, and her poeitioa is the world to the greatest elevation to ahicu it has attained. But when that faith is Jo* or repucialed, what is the result! We bare Taut to look to tbe condition of wrjnwn'minVr the foul religion of ~M"afcomet, or its vtujar imitator—Mormouism, for our reply jl the hands of the Turk woman isnr> wore than the plaything of hi* lust. And itia almost denied by him that she is possessed of reason and a soul, while of the disciples , of Joe Smith and Brigham Young she Utii* slave. In case is she what Chris . tianit/ intends her to be, andmakeslier—the honored, loved, and trusted partner of sum's Greek's" saysGlsd- L stone; there is no trace of polygamy or of s woman taken from her husband during his life, and becoming another's wife. Marriage in Homer was as it is in onr Christian homes —the very pivot of life. Homer has no instance or indicatinu of the Oriental seraglio.** The sexes lived togctherin easy unaffected intercourse, just as they do this day among ourselves. Their ladies ap peared in society naturally and gracefully. and .their chief occupations were household matters, and'the care of the clothes and linen. This is what Mr. Fronde sajs: 44 When a guest came they prepared iii dressing room,' and his bath, and laid out tbe conveniences of his toilet tabic. In their leisure hours they trere to be found as now iv the hall or the saloon, awl tlieir work-table contained pretty much the same materials. Penelope did. her famous em .broidery,' aud Andromache worked roses ia very modcrd' cross-stitch." I shall, now proceed to give yon a portrait oTa young lady. of. those days,; which, will show what their, occupations, and a'thme ments were, and how exquisite were their manners. It is from the Odyssey. 3~aus'eas is her: name, and she is the daughter of King Alcinous. The shipwrecked (Jljsses, after his vessel foundered, lias had to swim for it, during Two nights of terror, and twoavfol dajra, Bewildered in the deep. He ? is at last rolled half senseless oa the shore., and,numb - and.naked, crawls, to a neighbouring wood, where, haying gathered a few dry leaves together, he' costs hlauelf down on them and sleeps. Xausicns, soon to be a happy bride, meanwhile comes there with her maidens in /the early - mriruiag; 'Her awaking in the early morn, the. respect with which she asks ber father for the car andmules to carry.the royal garments to the f ountaiiis to wash them there, the assidu ous care, with which the kind queen mother provides for their repast, . The queen, assiduous to her train, assigns The sumptuous viands and the sparkling ? wines,' all the materials, iv fact, for a very respect*. able picnic All this is very, simply but beautifully described. And then Manses* took..the shining reins and drove to.the limpid stream, "" and first they unyoked the mules to cat the honey- sweet couch gnus, and then from the car took the vestntehts and bore them into the dork water, and spread them on the shore to dry. where the ocean laved" the pebbles. Then they bathed and anointed themselves with rich oil, and took dinner by the' banks of the river and began playing while the beautiful jHaasicaa sang to them. But suddenly, as they play, they give a shriek, for the Princess, as she throws the ball, misses her mark and it falls into the river. This shriek. awakens the sleeping Ulysses, who rises up before them, all slime and nakedness. The others all See like startled deer before a lion, bnt Nausieaa stands her ground. ' She is aking's daughter, and innocence veils in her heart.- .Moreover,.. the man she sees before her is a wretched suppliant. There, is the most graceful cour tesy displayed by both, for well did he know the heart and ways of womankind—be who had wooed and won the fair Penelope away from all the youth of Sparta, He stands aloof, . And fearful to offend,' by wisdom sway'd, At awful distance he accosts the maid, ..'...- Reverence is inMils heart, respect in his eyes and manner, while the most graceful cota- . pliments of the most eloquent tongue in the A world fall from him, as old Homer s*j*, : . '?like falling snow." He asks her if: she is the huntress goddess Dianaor amortal; if. but a mortal, how great must be the delight of her parents in her beauty — ;.-'?;'. 'Blest is the father from whose loins yoa : ?-;.-' AsprnngA'/..;,-??.:.-:; t; : . ...:..? -:.-'-"?.; Blest is the motherat whose breast you ? .''hung, .'.'.' '? -. A A ---r ' J aa .'-.'-'. Joyful they see applaudms3*"rin<-esg?ze v When in the. douce you swhn th' har monious maze.;. -?--" v But blest above all is the youth who shal . lead thee with bridal presents to A Then he speaks of tha sorrow and suffering he has endured; craves. her sympathy, sad.; ends with a prayer to the Gods for her hsppi- ?„ ness, breathing full of home, and happmeaa, and concord. Of course he pre vails, what . maiden, was ever insensible fo a graceful.... compliment, or her kind heart unsusceptible . of pity T And so,, after a graceful answer made, she:sees that ho is clothed/ia her brother's princely garments, and Mcd snu. conducted to the palace, forsaid :sheW aa. maidens, -.-:-' : .,;;Ay;-; ?'??;. ;a"Aa-Aa A wretched wanderer.is he,and the The stranger are from Jove .'.' It is true that thereMsnotoingintJiisbeyiiod, the portrait of a bright and gnf, happy in .? the. occupations of her ' ***** :? reverencing her parents; "pitying iitraj. graceful, modest, and weU-bied, sheis only what thousands" of our own CftnaUaa maidens are, who arc unspoilt by fssbioa anil folly. She does net: approach for ? ; moment that lovely creature of _our owa> immortal Shakespeare—bis CordeliainKu? Lear.- Yet it m very phrasant to hesrMa?;.' bright little maiden of three thousand jefw. ago pressing ont upon us, and smilmg w**?J, among those stem. old; wamors.-aAne.l*-. verse.; "We-ought, however, to look sue. as.'.-. what might at any time become the ? Te f*s, side of this picture. For woman* "JJg-' ; now was very insecure, and the uhsuccessful battle, or the seizure of a"** ;. might at once reduce- 'her tocaptivitysas , make her the slave and menial ?rf.r* 4 f e -?S;.'i' ha.l brought death: and. desoUtioU totliett" homes."" A darker lot stilt them when they became the victunsof^ .tan.... mysterious law,; or superstition, v or whatever we may call i^- wln ?^. t^ the litoot ther women as an ?P't??v,tfA tha guilty;: that gloomy creed, which jej Soubtie?s; had. its sigriificance :as -duuly.., poiiiting to the awJut sacrifice on '.WWr .-..j We have an instance of this in thedsysoi . the Judges of Israel iv.the O^T.. ot Jeptha'syow; and anofher, only stilld?*er and nrore awfnl, ia -the- ; s?crffieeA*t Aao* rf lain*- Agam?-n?a?a*a daughter.-, aad IpJa- Xen-ia and IhftXTbaailfcter- waarfoc *tf'tfce-***l* if;?6e. Israel-, STmiiideu was not in its: 'gross feute a Brxbmlsriou, 'SwMove her J*By ifimt. irotur ToukuoarhowljeautifuUybotU tins." toherfatber ?/?.?, > ? "-" - - "Though <he daughters ot* Satan lament, Be the- judge of the hero unbent, I tare Woa the great battle-for Giee. Ami ?y I?fher * B *country sreiree." jjKl?>.io?.Tettnysou — "Heaven head* Hie- eoaut, oi crimes - that rash oath. She -rendezed anaarer high, ' ? Sot so : A thousand times I would be bom, and ilie." and thbogli at first she asks for a month to co "uith her maiden, companions, to mourn her virginity upon the monntsin?, "?And I went mourning. No fair Hebrew boy Halt smite away my maiden blame Among the Hebrew- mothera." yet afterwards "Strength came to mc that equalled my desire, How beautiful a thing it wan to die. For God—and for my sins." Bet with Iphigenia it was different. She W as sacrificed at the demand of the Greek nrinces' oa tbeir' way to Troy to atone for Joroe offence of- her father against Diana, who accordingly -kept the fleet wind-bound at Antis. Her story as told by the old tragedians is very sad. She is drawn shrieking with cries and struggles towards the altar, till her beautiful mouth is gagged, uhen with eyes blinded by her tears she loots round upon, and dimly sees The stem block-bearded kings, with wolfish ejeS ' , v.- WairiiE to'see her die— So rings Tennyson, but jEschylus still more ?janqnilly, " She kept wounding each of her jscj-tficers with a pity-loving dart. from her eves." And now timo warns mc not to lin?er. I have touched hut a few of the ' portraits, and incidents, and descriptions which seem to mingle and change as when one looks upon some' shifting -panorama, or eases from a quiet eminence upon the Crowded street of a great city. I should have liked to have introduced to you a few mora of those scenes, especially the account of the shield of Achilles wrought by Vulcan, oh which were represented scenes emble matic of peace,and war. The description is Terr wonderful, representing not only battles and sieges, bnt marriage processions, harvest scenes,.nnd village festivals. Look for instance tit this. The yellow corn is falling before the reapers;' the boys follow to gather it in their arms; in the distance a banquet is preparing under the trees; and in the centre in the midst of the workmen, sits the king, sceptre in hand, looking on frith gladdened heart. I Bhould like to hare said somewhat about their religion, and government and law, their dress, their food, their ' festivals, . their music, their dances, and their songs, but time wonld not permit; and, I shall confine myself to two or more selections to illnstrate, first what were the notions in Homer's time about the souls of the departed, and secondly; an illustration of Homer's tender regard for animals. Here is the first, which I introduce without fur ther comment than to say that: it is, the ghost of hi? friend who appears to Achilles while asleep to request from him the last funeral rites for his still unburied body- Stretched on the shore, Where dash'd on' rocks the" broken billows roar, Achilles falls asleep. When lo I The shade before his closing eyes, Of sad ratroclns rose, or seemed to rise : In the same robe he living .wore, he came ; In stature, voice, and pleasing look, the same. A -".'. And sleeps Achilles X (Thus tlie phantom said) Sleeps my Achilles—his Patroclns dead 1 Living, 1 seemed his dearest, tenderest care, But now forgot, I wonder in the air. let my pale corpse the rites of burial know ; And give mc entrance to the realms below : Till then the spirit finds no resting place, Bat hero and there the unbodied spectres chase The vagrant dead around the dark abode, Forbid to cms* the irremeable, flood. Achilles wakes, aiid thus he muses— , "lis true, 'tis certain : man though dead . . retains '? Fart of himself : the mortal mind remains : Tie form subsists without the body's aid. Aerial semblance and an empty shade I This night my friend so late in battle lost Stood at my side a pensive, plaintive ghost: E'en now familiar, ns m life became Alas! how different 1 yet howliko the same And so may we muse—whence comd Homer" hare got this notion of the immortality of the soul 1 : We know not how or whence, but we aro thankful for seeing in this, one more proof that God hath not left himself—even in the old Heathen world —-without a witness. There is also in the Odyssey a wonderful description of tha descent of Ulysses into Hades, where he tecs and converses with the spirits of his departed friends. And there is yet another passage intimating an Elysium for the happy ocad, situated somewhere' nt the farthest confines of the earthy— Where gold-haired Bhadamanthns ever dwells, And blissful life, all bliss of man excels. There hail, nor snow, earth's beauteous face -'; ' ueforni, ?'?? Nor Winter's bitter blast, nor pelting storm, But in sweet murmurs heard, the western wind - '.' J .'..,..- ;-?-.-:? Breathes o'?r the ocean to, refresh mankind. And now for one lost quotation to show that Homer had a kind word also for dumb uiioa!a;—-not only for the noble horse—his ; ?ksenptions of which are only second to ; thstunrivnlled one of the war horse in the hook of Job, but for man's faithful "juaonMhe dog. If is of Argos, tho old oonml of Ulysses he is speaking, who recog- "}?** lus master . after ; ;twenty years of ibaence, when his old servants, his son, nis tjenerable nurse who had reared him on.her UR and Penelope herself, who had waited ?d longed for his. return through all "e-ewcaty years,.had all alike forgotten ?- -? ? ! no not one, save the noble v.;. chlcss for his strength, size, "?u beauty, and speed, and courage, who Mtt chased with bim the wild boar and the ?rowhen they bounded together "over the ??ir hais of Ithaca—he only knew him; ?a recognized his old master's tread, and weJond voice which once made mountains ?<t nood reecho with theshont of 44 Argos I" J?*" i Z He is lying neglected at the Pteas Ulysses approaches. : Sw left ia man's ingratitude he lay V??wd. neglected in the public way, ? '?'here iv heaps the rich manure was ?,J ,Prca< l - - -:, - ;' "?scene with reptiles made his sordid bed. at knew his lord. Ho knew, and strove to „.- 'auet. . .;-. '.""."?';?. : AA". l?i van he strove} to crawl; and kiss his A', feet, ? " ... ' -'..??? |V;V ,-AA-A 'A-S.-. - S'; a ". , 'c could} his tail; h? cars, his eyes SS. ? te . humaster and canfessfiis joys.' '"' his mighty master's soul, ?^n? his cheek the tears unbidden roll."; , > apeaksand the while theroithfiil ?c is looking up wistfully into his face, " <H* , ** t IOC,C ' - lea h "" 1I ff Basn h ' m fra- ever faithful Argos' eyes! A j??J.-we must cloae. Nearly a hundred" men have come, and played fed!J^V an<l Krone, since tjen; and mother isarth has folded them all, ttT ?" each ? within her-riosdm." And so, ntbuumehts of man's P?*nft and power, have appeared ia bT- ", C^raMedMn^rmnsr- jand-buried" earth are stately temples; and fair ?*'< l walls; arid towers- ccunminglea' if with the dust off those that brill thenar, mt- J awHngnUhed and sot, lor-., V gotten—all lives again iuiHoanrfs - iia-_ irjenshahfe-veiw-. AndncaarOt- mesoiJeV ?oo * quiet Geiaj.au who has spent, perrhsnee, his 7?w in htadioaxvqu*et" irmrmg books.—some "Or; ScJ?J*j*en*ian and prtveeA that, these things were so. Here-"say*, he, is the siteofricb. Mycenae where once Agamemnon ruled. Here) is his tomb, and that of the fair,Cos-. \- Sandra, whomv'on returning to his home-from Ilium. CSytemDestrayiiiEr wife, received with; such- deadly- welcome. ? Dig here and you : ~7?rill .find, fhrir, sfirHfy and bring their trea sures to the light"! Seel here is tbe golden mast, pressed ou his face when he lay dead stshhfTTat his blood-stained bathi, aud.this too, took its shape from the lovriy.cOottter*- : sues Jjf "the prophetic moid after she fell Strifflrffri oit her broad white forehead by the she-wolf's axe.. This was theseeptreonce held by that strong baud, and this golden cup .from which he pouredlibations.to Olympian jwre, or joyous ruisedio. Ins lips" Tvh3e minstrels sang and fie youth's and maidens bounded responsive over the flooi-of his halls. 44 So runs the round of life." And now, ladies and gentlemen, while I thank you for. the kind attention yon have given to my poor efforts ou your behalf-this evening I cannot; I think, better close my subject than by bringing to your minds soma important historic events which bsppcued / where once was Prias&'sTciugdom an- Homer's heroes fought. It was from thence that twenty-three centuries ago "Xerxes, set out | with his vast host to destroy the-liberties of I Gresce. It was there that, seated on his marble throne, he-reviewed them on the shore ; .and when, as we ore told. Lie saw 1 the -waters of the Hellespont hidden by his ten thousand war ships, and his three million soldiers ranged upon the bench, and men and .tuitions all; were his; first he re joiced in the pride of his heart, and" then burst" into tears." for the question came into his- mind, "where iv a hundred years will be- that countless -multitude 2" There .were : those' millions of throbbing hearts, millions of busy hands, and active brains; and in a century every one of them would have passed away and been forgotten' So fades the glory of the world! And there, again, it was that Alexander stood musing by the tomb of Achilles, whom he delighted to call his ancestor, kindling his enthusiasm and dreaming his dream of conquest; thence he started with his army to overthrow all the powers of the East-7-to found his empire— nnd die. There too, it was, at that same "Proas, that in the visions of the night a form appeared and stood by the Apostle Paul as ho was deeping, a form of a man of Mace donia, who prayed him "come over into Macedonia and help us." and he went forth, not in the strength of an earthly warfare, but in the strength of Him that isinvisiblr, to sub due the powers of the West to tbe Bcdecmcr's Kingdom. . And' there it is that now as it lies for a little while longer, and only it may. be, a little while, under the Turks', oppres- *- give rule, we are. watching for it to become the scene of a' mighty strife, : a part of; the amphitheatre of that great struggle in which we may hope to see the Crescent go down before the Cross, to see that power with its misgovcrnment, and the religion of the False Prophet with its attendant cruelty and lust, which for centuries has proved itself ,the determined foe of Christianity, of civilization, and of liberty—to see it fall, never to rise again 1 _________^_ 