THE ELECTIONS. HR. HEARN AT NORTH FITZROY. A meeting of the friends and supporters of Dr Hearn was held last night at the Tram way Hotel Rae street, North Fitzroy Mr John Mackay occupying the chair, and about 120 persons being present The Cn MUM VV briefly introduced the candidate to the meeting Dr Ht MIN then said that he had addressed the electors in another part of 1 ii/roy previously, and as his address had been widely published and circulated in the district it was not necessary for him to go through the same subjects again and he had thought that in place of doing no who in Jit, make a fewobser vations upon a different branch of the subject of taxation from what he had before referred to He had argued that protection had not answered its purpose here because it loaded people unnecessarily with taxation and because it had failed in accomplishing some of the objects it was intended for, and was less advantageous than the system of taxation which preceded it As he had so argued, it might be asked of him by what means he would raise a revenue if the taxes he objected to were got rid of It was not certainly necessary for him or any individual who might be returned to Parliament to make any proposition with regard to taxation, the business of an ordinary representative being to take care that no unreasonable or improper tax was imposed on the people but it was the duty of the Crown, and the servants of the Crown, to make the proposals which the representatives of the people might criticise He should not, therefore, venture to make any definite proposition of taxation, but he thought he might make a few observations on some of the propositions the servants of the Crown had thought it -1. - 1242 *" l." were",." B"l"","f TheY their army to lay reduce rain as also. were, of course, in the dark as to what the Ministry now proposed to do, but they had something to guide them in the propositions made by Sir James M'Culloch in the last session of Parliament He (Sir James M'Culloch proposed to establish an income tax and a property tax, which included country lands and houses If he were asked if he would have supported those propositions had he been in Parliament, he must say he did not think he could have agreed with them. He by no means denied that direct taxation had great men a of its own He admitted that an income tax if it could be fairly imposed and collected was probably in theory the fairest of all taxes, and he admitted also that property ought to contribute its due amount to the exchequer, but it must be recollected that an income tax was a tax of the description that was only, so to speak, imposed in time of extremity. At home the income tax was originally a war tax. At a later period there it was re in troduced for the purpose of facilitating for a time the transition from the pro active system to the system of free trade In that case it was no doubt a beneficial and economical tax but he did not think that in the present circumstances of this colony they should accept BO disagreeable a tax-for it was disagree able as their friends in England had been obliged to adopt. As to the house tax there were reasons why in Fitzroy and other towns around Melbourne they should be slow in assuming the propriety of such a tax. Very large sums of money had been expended by means of building societies in erecting houses in and around Melbourne, and a very slight altera- tion in the shape of a tax on a man who had built a house through a society might cause him considerable embarrassment Bearing in mind that householders or owners both in town and country paid considerably heavy local rates, he thought people should hesitate for a long, time before they admitted of any direct taxation being imposed on houses or property of this description (Applause) If, however it should be put at an alternative between the remission of the protective duties and the imposition of a house tax-that was to say if the latter could not be remitted without imposing the property tax proposed by Sir James M'Culloch he should say it would be by far too cheapest way of raising money to levy the tax and abolish the duties They were not in such straits, however, as to he driven to accepting the alternative he referred to. The amount the house tax proposed by Sir James McCulloch was expected to realise was some thing like £35 000 or £10 000, and if in place of levying such a tax they were to abolish payment of members-(applause)-theamouat BO saved would be pretty nearly equal to what it was proposed to raise by the house tax. He thought, therefore, they might abolish payment of members and leave the house tax alone, and that there was no necessity for them to undertake the burden of direct taxation when they could effect their object by checking the extravagance of Parliament Was it however, necessary that there should be any further taxation at all It used to be said of Lord Melbourne long ago that if he did not approve of any particular change which any members of his Cabinet desired, he always used to ask if they did not think they could let it alone, and that he (Or Heam) thought, was not a bad rule to apply to a ayacam of taxation. When they were asked for a new system of taxation he thought it was well always to ask if it could not be let alone Certainly, if the new system was absolutely necessary and they could not help it the system must be adopted but its near ally should be thoroughly well established before it was adopted If they recollected that the population here was 895 000 people and the revenue raised from them was four millions and a half of money, they would see that was not a bad allowance and if they could not live within that revenue they must be very extravagant people indeed They ought not indeed, to encourage such extravagance on the part of the Government here, and he would say that aSsuming they reduced the revenue by half a million of money in remitting protective duties the half million ought to be secured in the way of economy in government, and not raised by laying any new burden on the people (Hear, hear.) The public had been too much taxed, and they ought to insist that the expenditure of the colony should not exceed four millions If the people were determined that it should not exceed that sum Ministers would be able to find a way of doing with it in considering the question of altering the system of taxation here they should observe how much more rapidly New South Wales had progressed under a free trade tariff than Victoria had under a protectionist one. The population of New South Wales in 1870 wart 520 500 and of Victoria 72,000 but in 1871 the respective populations were 300 600 and 800 000 Bhowtoir an increase of 20' per cent in the case of New South Wales and of only 13 per cent in Victoria Then the exports of New South Wales in 1876 amounted to 66 207 000, and in 1873 to £11 491 000 while those of Victoria only increased from £9 103,000 in 1870 to £10 571 000 in 1871, the percentage of increase being 83 in the case of New South Wales and of Victoria only 10 Those exports were said to be the own produce or manufacture of each colony. The shipping of New South Wales rose from 1 ICI 000 tons in 1876 to 2 15s 600 tons in 1875, while that of Victoria only rose in the same period from 1 in 600 to 1 073 000 tons the increase being, 48 per cent in the case of New South Wales and only 23 in that of Victoria The bank deposits of New South Wales rose from £0 108 000 in 1870 to £13 OoO 030 in WJ and the deposits 111 Victoria rose from £10 SO ) 000 in 1876 to £1 7 i 1 000 in 187 the increase in New South Wales being 125 per cent and in Victoria but 20 per cent The figures he quoted implied that business was more lively in New South Wales than here, that the prosperity was greater, that the trade was larger and that wages were better than here He did not say that all the improvement of New South Wales was due to free trade but it was plain Victoria was not doing so well as her neighbour was and her people should fairly consider her position and see if they could not restore the prosperity who enjoyed 15 or 20 years ago He was aware that one man could not do much to restore so desirable a state of things but if they honoured him by returning him as their member he would do the best in his power to restore it there were the issues of free trade and protection before the country now, and the people should make up their minds on them and give effect to them. There ought to be no more coalition government in which freetraders consented to administer protective tariffs No doubt the freetraders who had administered protective tariff thought at the time that they were doing the best they could for the country but such action tended to lower the estimate of public men, and he hoped the time was now passed when such compromises would be allowed as had taken place between freetraders and protectionists in the past They had now, he hoped raised the great question of determining whether the government of the country was to be carried on according to the principles of free trade or protection The question was before the country and which ever opinion prevailed now was likely to make itself felt for many years to care It should therefore be decided seriously, and he trusted that whatever they did in the contest they would do it with good feeling and honesty, in the desire that it would turn out for the benefit of the country (Applause ) On the motion of Mr, W Cinco seconded by Mr C R Blackett, a vote of thanks was passed to the chairman for presiding, and an influential committee was afterwards formed (0 figure Dr, Espie's return, MR CAMERON AT 1 ELTHAM. Mr Cameron, M L A , addressed a meet- nig of his constituents at Eltham last evening when although the weather was very unfavourable for country meetings there was a good attendance, about 90 persons being present. Mr, W. F. Forde, J P was voted to the chair. The Cn MUM 6, in opening the proceedings said that three years ago, when Mr Cameron first came before them, he (the chairman) had told them that if they elected him they would at the end of three years have no fault to find with him He thought that after they had heard Mr Cameron they would be inclined to say " well done, good and faithful representative " Before Mr. Cameron was elected the county had been the worst represented of any in the colony so far as local requirements were concerned, but during the last two years Mr. Cameron had obtained more money than his predecessors did in nine years. This he had done by bringing the wants of the county under the notice of the Government. Mr. CAMERON was received with applause. He could have wished to have postponed addressing them until after the Premier's speech on Wednesday, but the district was such a large one that were he to postpone it any longer be would not be able to visit all the places that it was necessary that he should visit. It was with pleasure and confidence that he now came before them again. Three years ago, when he was first elected, he was not asked on which side of the House he would sit, but he had no difficulty in deciding to support the Government of which Mr. Francis was then the head. The programme of that Ministry was reform of the constitution, a mining on private property bill a new land and an electoral act, a revision of the taxation of the country, and the Mining Companies' Act This was the programme on which the Opposition based a vote of want of confidence for party purposes, and without consideration as to whether the measures were for the benefit of the country He considered that they were for the benefit of the country. However, the vote of want of confidence was negatived, but Mr Francis had to retire on account of ill health, and Mr. Kerferd was promoted to the position of Premier. His Government proposed to tax squatters by a tax on sheep and cattle, and the Berry party, who were now clamouring SO for the squatters to be taxed, strenuously opposed the Government Mr. Service, on Mr TranciBS retirement, took office as Treasurer, and he proposed a land tax, the objection to which was that land would be taxed without reference to its quality. It was however, on the progressive system, but it was rejected not because it was faulty, but because the Opposition were anxious to get onto the Ministerial seats The amount proposed by Mr Service to be rated by means of direct taxation was £313 000, of which the bulk was to be raised from land, leaving of course, the balance to come from other kinds of property. At that time the present Opposition organ wrote that Mr. Service a budget was the boldest ever submitted in the Assembly, and that it had been left to Mr. Service to assert the principle that property should bear its fair share of the burdens of the country The Kerferd Ministry, however, were defeated on their budget, and Mr. Berry was called upon to form a Ministry At that time Mr Berry, who now usurped the name of Iiboro), was perfectly careless of the country, and would not have had one of the men who were with him in his Ministry if he could have got others to join him as col learneD. He first went to Sir James M'Culloch, and offered him the reins of Government, and was perfectly content to take any position in the Ministry if Sir James would only join him (Cheers ) He then went to Mr G P Smith, and to Mr Purves, but they refused to join him, and all three of these gentlemen were now said to be the most conservative, men in the colony. The speaker then reviewed Mr. Berri s proposals for a land tax, and said that it would really exempt the wealth of the country, and in support of this statement he instanced Mr Henry Miller and Mr. Watson, of Sandhurst, both of whom were very large holders of town property, and they would escape taxation, and this while another man who put money into country lands was made to pay heavily. This he did not think was a fair method of taxation. (Hear, hear ) Upon his scheme Mr, Berry was defeated in the House, and Sir James M'Culloch formed a Ministry His scheme was a tax based on value, and not acreage. He would give them some practical examples of the working of the three schemes. They all knew a gentleman who owned in that locality 600 acres of land, for which he received a rental of £750 and enjoyed that Sum with other incomes in another country, Not long since he refused £13 per acre for that land Now under Mr Service's scheme he would have to pay on the acreage a sum of £5 Gs Gd , as 320 acres would be exempt. Under Mr. Berry's scheme be would not have to pay a penny, and under the scheme of the present Government he would be called upon to pay £15 5 per annum In another case he knew a block of land capable of carrying three sheep to the acre Under Mr. Service s scheme this land which it must be admitted was first class, would have to pay £11 Ga Gd , under Mr Berry's scheme, £18 IDs and under Sir J Innes M Tulloch's, £28. There was one more instance. There was a block of land up in the ranges 7 600 acres in extent. It was very poor, and the owner had been glad to let it at 2s. 6d per acre. Under Mr Service's scheme this would have to pay £150 6s 8d , under Mr Berry's, of 5s., and under Sir James M'Culloch, £47 10s For these reasons be had felt it to be his duty to support the scheme of the present Government He then referred to local matters, and said that he observed that Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, at Gipps Land, the other day, said that that part of the colony had been grossly neglected, and what Sir Charles Daffy said he was not ashamed to say He had done his duty to the best of his ability in local matters during the last three years, and he would do so if re elected. There were monuments of his exertions over the district, and during the last three years 15 school house had been erected in the county. It had been his endeavour to bring under the notice of the Government and of those who were in the best position to assist them, the resources of the district As to his views on the questions at present before the country, he was in favour of an equitable land tax, but would not support any tax having for its object the bursting up of large or small, or any particular estates He considered that wealth should be taxed in all its bearings There should be a reform of the Legislative Council The qualification should be reduced and the provinces should be divided into five constituencies. each returning one member This would give the electors an opportunity of putting in who they liked, instead of, as at present, the populous places returning men against the wishes of the majority This he thought would also have the desired effect of making members of the Council more amenable to public opinion. Another question was the amendment of the Land Act. As they all knew, he had been in favour of free selection before survey, but he had since seen reason to modify his views to some extent, at least in so far as survey was concerned. It had been found that with out survey great difficulty was afterwards met with in making roads for the contract surveyors not being exactly under Government, did not provide sufficiently for them and then the municipalities were put to great expense in purchasing land for roads. I they know of instances of this not far from 1 team Thobestoftholandofthecolonyhad passed from the Crown, and of course that now available for selection was much poorer than what had been selected By experience h know that 320 acres was not sufficient for more and he would gladly supp tartan amend meat allowing selection up to 640 acres (Hear, hear ). If possible he would also like to see the land classified. There was plenty of land which comparatively was not worth a? per acre, and there was still land worth 62 per acre, and he would like to see it played between these prices so as to keep the average price up to £1 per acre As to dummyism, he would not grant the title under ten years, and he would do away with many of the conditions as to improve rents The expenditure of £1 to the acre on selected land was in the case of large selectors far more than was required. It was unnecessary for him to say that he was in favour of continuing the subsidies to local bodies but there were many old townsand shires the land in which had all passed out of the hands of the Crown, and he would take the subsidy from them and give it to new districts where roads were required. He was a moderate protectionist and was in favour of such a re- vision of the tariff as would not in concert with the industries established by protection. He also supported railway extension and was even sanguine enough to look forward to the day when they would bavearailwaytoLliham He could notice any objection to the Mining on Private Property Act which was passed by the Assembly and rejected by the Council as it was very liberal in its provisions to the capitalists He was a supporter of the Education Act as it stood and was opposed to the obstructionist tactics of the " stonewallers He did not believe that there were many supporters of them among the electors of Evelyn Sir Charles Gavan Duffy had denounced them, and they had driven Mr. Higinbotham out of the House. He thanked them for the hearing they had given him, and promised dill gent attention to their wants should be be re elected, (Applause ) A number of questions, principally on trivial subjects, were asked and replied to the only one of general interest being in reference to payment of members to which Mr Cameron said he was opposed. Mr G GiLUEliT moved, and Mr. STEIUUI a seconded, the usual vote of confidence. Mr CrtL-Luso moved an amendment, which was seconded by Mr. Moimvr. On the show of hands being taken there were six for the amendment and the remainder for the motion. The usual compliment to the chairman brought the proceedings to a close. Toll SANDRIDGE ELECTION. A meeting of the Liberal electors of Sandridge was held at the Railway Club Hotel, Railway place, last evening, for the purpose of organising a committee to secure the return of a candidate to represent their views in the Legislative Assembly. Mr Joseph Marsh occupied the chair. A letter was received from Mr Wm. Gaunson stating that, although there was nothing calling on him to give way to Mr. Byrne who should never have permitted himself to be instrumental in spoiling his (Mr Gaunson) chances of success, he was willing to retire from the contest if Mr Byrne would announce in Wednesday mornings paper his intention to go to the poll. The letter concluded with " I think Mr. Byrne has dilly dallied long enough already If he neglects to avail himself of my offer, then I shall accept the requisition, and stand for Sandridge." A long and lively discussion followed the reading of Mr. Gaunson a communication, One elector, who had evidently been wor- shipping, not without success, at the shrine of Bacchus, adjured the electors " to avoid beer, go in for protection, and ask Mr Higinbotham to stand for the district, with his expenses paid by the league." (Laughter ) Another elector thought that " neither Byrne, Willie Gaunson, nor the 'latter' had the ghost of a chance, and if they had a spark of spirit they would retire " A third citizen hinted at dark rumours of Mr Byrne'ailirlationa with other constituencies, and West Bourke, West Melbourne, and North Melbourne were mentioned as districts which that gentleman would be only to happy to represent in Parliament. A friend of Mr. Byrne's, who was present, stated that all that he wanted was a unanimous expression of opinion on the part of the Liberal electors of Sandridge in order to make him come to a conclusion. He could state, however, that Mr Byrne would next day communicate with the local Liberal League, and state what his ultimate intentions were Mr. Taylor moved- That this meeting ad- journ till Wednesday evening next." Mr. White moved as an amendment-That the meeting adjourn till Wednesday, and mean- while that it pledges itself to support Mr Byrne should he go to the poll for Sandridge." The amendment was lost by the casting vote of the chairman. At this juncture an excited elector "wantedtoknowif this meeting would pledge itself to support any Liberal candi- date No, no") because if it wouldn't it might go to blazes ' As the meeting broke up while the speaker was yet addressing it, it is to be feared that it preferred the awful alternative rather than pledge itself. THE RICHMOND ELECTION. Mr. Inglis, one of the candidates for Richmond, held a very successful meeting at the Greyhound Hotel, Swan street, last evening, when a unanimous vote of confidence was MR, SHAW AT GEELONG. Mr Thomas Shaw addressed the electors of Geelong at the town-hall last evening The chair was occupied by Mr Charles Andrews. About 600 persons were pro sent. The CHAR(M AN said his sympathies were entirely with the candidate, on whose behalf he was prepared to labour hard. Mr Shaw was a man of independent views, and his principles were entirely in accord with his (the chairman's) own (Cheers ) He was strongly opposed to the tactics of the " stone wall ' party. The tendency of them would be to drive men of independence and intelligence from the arena of politics. (Cheers ) Mr. SHAW, who was well received, said that he had only come to Geelong because he saw that there was not a sufficient number of eligible candidates in the field. He had no strong desire to get elected, and would be prepared even now to retire in favour of any man of standing amongst them who chose to offer himself. He possessed one great advantage over some of the candidates. He had no political sins of omission or commission to atone for (Hear, hear.) The disadvantage he was under was that they did not know him In some cases it was an advantage not to be well known. The longer they knew some men the least they liked them. He flattered himself that the reverse would be the case in the present instance. He ought to be well known if he was not, because since 1819 until now all his business had been done with Geelong-all he ate, all he was clothed in, all the supplies that he got of any kind, were purchased in Geelong He came into the colony a little boy, and was sent up country to gain colonial excellence. In process of time he became an owner of the horse he used to hunt From a hard-working boy he became a squatter, they might say a " bloated squatter. If they could point out to him a better, a more profitable way of living, he would be glad to five up the present one (Laughter ) On his return to the colony from a visit to the old country a short time ago, he received a requisition from 62 of the inhabitants of Mortlake friends of a noted stone waller They said they were highly dissatisfied with the conduct of their present representatives for allying himself with a factious minority in the House who had degraded the usages and forms of Parliament by applying them to purposes for which they had never been intended " He accepted the requisition the motive he had for opposing the present member was that that member was a stone waller. He delivered speeches at Camper- down and Beaufort, but then had to retire, because a former opponent of the present member also came into the field To have two men in the field in the same interest would defeat the object they both had in view The lost candidate ought to have retired, but did not. As he (Mr. Shaw) had no desire to enter Parliament except to perform public duty be retired At the same time he was not disposed to think that the best man had been left in the contest for Ripon and Hampden A fortnight ago he should have thought Geelong the last place to select for a constituency, because the local paper stated that no person had a ghost of a chance unless he was a stonewaller, but he believed that a man of his principles had a very good prospect of success. The great question to be considered at this election was whether the business of the country should be carried on in an orderly gentlemanly and constitutional manner Would the electors say that a minority should rule, and would they condone the offence against law and order committed by the erection of the celebrated stonewall Mr Geo Higinbotham and Sir C. Gavan Duffy had strongly condemned the stonewall, and he (Mr Shaw was there that night to put out one of the stonewallers With regard to free, trade and protection that only could benefit him which was for the benefit of the whole community He was a freetrader, and he was glad to find that many of the protectionists were agreed that there must be an abo huon of many duties which did not protect for his own part, he would not disturb the local n dustries now protected Repudiation was certainly not the rule of the party of law and order Retrenchment in the public service was greatly needed Tolls should be abolished and money should be obtained from the subsidy for local bodies for the construction of main roads Touching the land tax, he would not go in for bursting up the big estates in the manner proposed by Mr Berry They would all be burst up by a a natural process, like the Robertsons' run. his own would be divided in the same way in the event of his death. He did not believe in a penal land tax, because the large landholders fairly bought and paid for their properties There was no fairer tax than a tax on land and on all property One man invested his money in land another in houses a third lent his money at interest, and a fourth became a merchant dealing in tea and Bill These were types of the community and why should the estate of the man who invested in land only be burst up' Was that the Geelong idea of justice' (Cries of " No, and interruption.) Many people were unfortunately leaving the country, and something ought to be done to check this by liberalising the land laws With regard to constitutional reform he thought the 10 years' tenure in the Upper House should be reduced to seven years, that the qualification of the voters should be lost, and that the districts should be divided he advocated the making of railways where they would pay the State and open up the country, The proposed line to Queenscliff seemed to him to be a national line The management of railways he would like to see entrusted to business men who were not subjected to political influences He was utterly opposed to payment of members and if elected would not take a penny of the money that might be supposed to fall to his share He thanked them for the patient and attentive hearing that the electors had given to him, In reply to questions, Mr, Sm,y, mi he would not support a land tax based on acreage alone. To propose it v. DO the greatest blunder that political man had ever made. An acreage tixwaaamero "bugbear." He would not take the present import duty off woollens, because, though a freetrader, he thought it would be unjust to suddenly withdraw support from industries which had been started under the existing tariff. He supported the present Education Act as it stood. (Cheers ) he was not in favour of an export duty on hides and tallow, or other products of the country. Mr, NATHAN BROWN, an operative stone mason, advised the electors not to put faith in a stonewall which was built on a rotten foundation with bad materials, with round boulders states el of squared stones. He would he a etouewulUr whenever one was needed, but would not speak well of the wall which was recently erected in Melbourne in a very clumsy manner. A vote of confidence was moved by Mr. Gibson, seconded by Mr. Warren Hastings Brown, and declared carried by a large majority. About 50 hands were held up against it. MR. MACKAY AT SANDHURST. [BY ELECTR7C~T_LEGRAPH.1 (FROM OUR. OWN "REPORTER ) SANDHURST, MONDAY. The Hon, Angus Mackay, one of the representatives of the city of Sandhurst, addressed a meeting of the electors at the Princess's Theatre to-night, The theatre was filled, fully 1,500 persons being present. The mayor, Mr E. Neill, occupied the chair, and introduced the candidate, for whom he claimed a patient bearing. Mr. MACKAY, on coming forward, was received with loud cheers, mingled with a few hisses. He said be appeared before the electors as a candidate for their suffrages at the approaching election, and also to give an account of his stewardship for the past three years. Before commencing his address he must congratulate the constituency that it had obtained something like its fair share of political influence in the councils of the country in proportion to its importance, wealth, and population. The present act was a great improvement upon the old act, under which some small and unimportant districts returned two members, whilst some of the most important and populous districts had no greater B1)are of representation. In reverting to the events of the past Parliament he would call attention to the fact that it had been called together in the first instance principally to discuss the principles of a measure for the reform of the Upper House which had been submitted by the Francis Government, and which was known as the Norwegian scheme. He would not on the present occasion enter upon the merits or demerits of that measure, because with what was now dead and buried they had now nothing to do. (Hear, hear.) Upon the failure of the Government, of which he was a member, to carry this measure, the question then arose, whether the Government should resign or retain office, in reference to which there had been considerable dis-. cussion and some animadversion in the press and by public men. He might say, conover, that at a meeting of the majority of the members of the Legislative Assembly it was determined, when the resignation of Mr. Francis was made known, to ask the Government to continue in office with a reconstruction of the Ministry. He would admit that, without such an expression of opinion on the part of hon members, it would have been the duty of the Francis Government to have left office when they had failed to carry their policy, and Mr. Francis himself, who was quite prepared to do so, had expressed a wish to that effect However, in the face of an expression of confidence on the part of the majority in the popular branch of the Legislature it would have been useless for the Government to adopt that course, as it would simply, even in the case of a general election, have led to the selection of another Government holding the very same principles. (Hear, I hear.) The main question, bethought, before the country at the present time, although it had not been specially delegated to the electors, was the reform of the Upper House, so as to make that Chamber more in unison with the general voice of the country, and more in conformity with outside public opinion. He had discussed the question with a great many persons, and he confessed that he had been led to the conclusion that it was hopeless to expect any reform of the Upper House until a considerable change had been effected in the personnel of that House. (Hear, hear.) If a measure were rowed dividing the present provinces, enabling men of moderate means to contest the constituencies, and the. tenure of office reduced to something like one-half the present term, with perhaps the lowering of the franchise (but for that he would not agree at present), they might then expect a far more liberal element brought into the Council than had been the case heretofore. such a liberal element, in fact, as would bring about the reform which was desired. (Hear, hear.) As an instance of the evils of the present system be pointed out that at the last election for this province the liberal candidate had, in the first instance, to advertise in 30 or 40 newspapers, thus putting it out of the power of any one but a wealthy man to come forward as a candidate, (hear, hear ). He might at once express himself in favour of such a reform a? would pass into law any measure which had been peeped by two successive Parliaments although rejected by the Legislative Council, Surely, if a measure was passed by the Legislative Assembly immediately after two general elections, there could be no question but that the country approved of it (Applause ) There could therefore be no reason why it should not become law, whether the Upper House liked it or not. In reference to the subject, he might draw attention to the Mining on Private Property Bill which had been introduced by himself, and which had been passed through the T and, TTnnOA Al, fï VA Bil PEARSE VA nPf-llRinnn and which had notwithstanding been rejected by the other Chamber each time it was brought forward He was quite certain that such an utter disregard of public opinion would have roused in England a very strong expression of the public mind (Hear hear ) It might be said that there was not that public enthusiasm regarding the measure here which called upon the Council to give way but he held that it was not the duty of that body to wait until the people became infuriated in clamouring for their rights but to watch the signs of the times and when they saw public opinion fairly and fully expressed to conform themselves to it (Cheers ) There could be no doubt that the mining industry in this colony was at present very much depressed and any measure calculated to widen the present field of labour who worthy the support of every well. wisher of the colony There was a very large area of country which could be profitably employed in mining pursuits at present locked up and what the miner wished was not any interference with the sacred rights of property but simply a fair field for labour Hear hear ) He hoped that after the recent decision of the highest legal tribunal in the world the Upper HOUSE would no longer stand in the way of the Turning on Private Property Bill becoming law which in the otmionof a large number of sensible men was not so rove lutionary after all. He must congratulate the constituency upon the passing of the Mining Accidents Bill!, the tff ct of which had been to greatly reduce the number of fatal and other accidents resulting from mining pursuits (Cheers) If he left public life to morrow he would still be proud of the amount of good he had effected by the passing of that one measure He pointed out that it was necessary in the first instance not to make the measure too express MVO to gain for it the approval of Parliament Therefore the number of mining inspectors had been limited but there could be no doubt whatever that the proper administration of the measure required the appointment of an inspector in every important mining district in the colony. It was moreover never intended that the legal manager of a company should be held responsible for the laches of the company and in the amending bill which would be introduced next session this error would be rectified and several other DinendmontB proposed which were much required As regarded mining leases he thought it would be very unwise to interfere with those cases on which capital had been expended, but where clear cases of shepherding were proved, then he would be in favour of immediate forfeiture (Hear hear ). It would however, be very foolish to adopt any system that would have the effect of driving capital away from the mining industry The action of the Governments in past times with reference to the Coliban Water Works, as opposed to the wishes of the city council had gained his hearty approval Coming to the political history of the last Parliament he mentioned that the budget introduced by Mr Service the Treasurer of the Government of which he (Mr Mackay) was a member had been received with applause throughout the length and breadth of the colony (Hear hear ) In the first place there was an equitable tax upon land, and whilst other kinds of property in the shape of mining, bank and insurance companies stock did not escape whilst in addition there was a tax of 5 per cent upon absentees The Government having however, only a majority of two upon the question through the extraordinary combination of Sir James M'Culloch with Mr Berry, after being refused a dissolution resigned, and Mr. Berry, thenjformed aGo vemmentond brought forward hlspchemeof taxation, apportioned which was borrowed from the Budget of the former Ministry. He did not think theSandhiuBteleorora could be very much surprised at his (Mr. Mackay's) action in opposing the Budget proposed by Mr. Berry, which partially belonged to the Treasurer of the Government which he represented, and the other portion of which he disapproved of on principle. Personally he had no enmity to Mr. Berry. He recog-. piped in that gentleman a man of large ability end, he believed, perfect honesty. When Mr. Berry introduced his land-tax to (Mr. Mackay), feeling the difficulties which had attended the M'Culloch land and property tax in 1872, had almost felt. bound to support any fair scheme of land taxation, that was brought forward in the House. (Hear, hear.) He would therefore have voted for the Berry land (tax if it were not aimed at only one class in the community. He had not, therefore, given Mr. Berry his support-(ohoers and hean) and those who thought that action a cardinal fault upon his port perfectly knew what they could do. (Hear, hear.) It they considered that act sufficient reason for thrusting him from public life, why, they could do so. (A Voice " Out you'll go ;" and cries of " No, no.") The next move in the political history of the Parliament was the defeat of Mr. Berry and the consequent caning of Sir James M'Culloch to form a Government. They understood perfectly well that under the circumstances then prevailing he (Mr Mackay) could have had no great love for Sir James M'Culloch, for when that gentleman retumed to politics, instead of supporting the Francis Government, which might have been naturally expected from him, he had deliberately chosen to sit in Opposition in the corner, and voted against that Government (A Voice.- "Why did you support him '! ') His reason for giving the small measure of support e had given to Sir James M'Culloch was that, if there was one principle more necessary than another for members of Parliament to uphold, it, was that the majority should rule It might have been a mistake to uEt the Berry Government-he would not enter upon the discussion of that question but when Sir James M'Culloch, having defeated Mr. Berry, formed a Government comprising four of his (Mr. Mac- kay's former colleagues, they could hardly, bin me him for resolving to give that Ministry a fair support so far as the measures they brought forward merited his support. Even during that period, however, he told Sir James M'Culloch that at some future day he would be prepared to give him a Roland for his Oliver, and if he had been prevented from doing so it was on Mr. Berry that the blumercBted. (Cheers, and a few hisses.) He had no hesitation whatever in saying that if Sir James M'Culloch was now at the head of affairs in the colony, that fact was simply due to the unreasoning opposition displayed towards him by Mr. Berry and his supporters. ('Hear, hear," and "Boo-hoo.") His (Mr. Mack day's) opinion was that bad Mr. Berry conducted his opposition to Sir James M'Culloch in an ordinary manner, that after the speech of Mr. Service criticising the financial policy of the Government, it would not have remained in office for six weeks. (Hear, hear.) With reference to the stonewall, it had his hearty condemns then, it was altogether opposed to constitutional usage. He would not assert that the forms of Parliament could not be employed to prevent the passing of an obnoxious measure which was opposed by the majority of the people outside, but on this occasion there could be no excuse whatever for stonewalling supplies. (" Hear, hear," and "No, no.") In his opinion, Mr. Berry and the more sensible of his colleagues had only been forced into that course by a number of excited supporters, and judging from the' difference of opinion prevailing amongst the party, it could not be said that even a - majority of themselves approved of the coarse' pursued. If the Opposition had confined themselves to stonewalling the financial measures of Sir James M'Culloch, they might have achieved their object, but the refusal to grant supplies to pay the public servants and the' public creditors proved fatal to them. It was the conduct of the Opposi- tion in that respect which had driven Mr. Higinbotham from Parliament, for although he could not approve of the circumstances under which office had been accepted by the Government, still Ieerji was he able to approve of the violent measures which were reported to by the Opposition, (Cheers.) Neither could Such liberal members as Mr, Casey or Mr. Service support Stonewalling. (A Voice-" What about the gag s") Well, he did not like to make a por. conti attack upon anyone, but he really believed that those gentlemen who prevented the business of the country from proceeding, and who wasted the public time, and prevented the payment of the public; creditor, were the real gagged. (Hear, hear.) He felt certain that there was not a single one of those hon. members, however they might have been led away by enthusiasm to believe in the justice of their cause, did not in their heart rejoice when measures were taken which secured the payment of the public debts. ("Hear, hear, and "No no.") He thought the opinion of B practised politician like Sir Charles Gavan Duffy would convince even the most violent pattison that in stonewalling supplies Mr. Berry had made a great mistake. He (Mr. Mackay) did not take up the position of saying that stonewalling was inexcus- able under all circumstances. There were no doubt circumstances under which it would be legitimate to use all the power, placed in their hands by the Constitution, but the mistake was in employing the most powerful weapons in their possession when the circumstances did not warrant it, (Hear, hear.) On some of the points of the' Betty policy he was thoroughly with that party. For instance, he did not see how any. rational man having at heart the welfare of the colony could object to a progressive land-tax. (Cheers.) It was that principle which pervaded Mr, Service's land and property tax, and it was even recognised by Sir James M'Culloch in his land tax in 1872, He was totally opposed to the aggregation of large areas of land in the band of a few persons, believing as he did that such a system was necessarily followed by pauperism in the countries where it prevailed. He would give his most hearty support to any fair and equitable system which tended to discourage the aggregation of those large estates. Reverting to the iron hand resolution, be pointed out that although it was right that the utmost freedom of discussion should be allowed, still it was absolutely necessary that in the end the majority should have the power of enforcing their will. This was recognised in every deliberative assembly, and there was no Legislative Assembly in the world which had not the power of making, standing orders to regulate its own debates. When the gas had to be enforced again it might be that the minority would be a conservative one, wishing to coerce a liberal majority. He recognised fully his own, responsibility in the matter. He did what he thought was right, and if the same circumstances again occurred, he would act in a similar manner. (Chiefs, and a few hisses, and a Voice You will not have a chance.") At all events, he would do it again if he did get the chance. And he thought himself, that he wruldgetthe chance. (Cheers, and cries of "Yes, you will.") After alluding to his efforts in the passing of the Electoral Act, which he praised as a measure that had rectified many of the anomalies of the electoral system, Mr. Mackay concluded by their king the electors warmly for the very patient hearing they had afforded him, know it as he did that there were a number of persons present who were politically opposed to him, (Cheers.) After the candidate had answered a number of unimportant questions, Mr. COHN moved, and Mr. JEFFERS seconded, a vote of confidence in Mr. Mat kay. Mr, COTTER moved an amendment, which was seconded by a Mr. Dici;n,sox, but the uproar was so great that neither moved nor i seconder could be heard. About 20 hands were held up for the amendment, and the original motion was carried almost unanimously. The meeting then terminated. MR. JAMES GRANGER AT STAWELL.' (FROM THE PLEASANT CREEK NEWS, APRIL, 23 ) Mr., Granger addressed the electors of Stawell on Saturday night, at Tinney'aHotel, Di cp Lead. Mr. Thomson was in the chair. Mr. Granger said that appearing before them 88 he did that evening to solicit their support at the coming election, it was necessary that he should make a few remarks OR to his motives for so doing, It was thought by some that because of the position once attained by Mr, Woods as Minister of Railways, there was seemingly no excuse for a local candidate coming forward to oppose him. He (the speaker) came forward solely and wholly on his own responsibility, think- ing, as had been previously stated, that the country would soon be face to face with a great crisis, and that states would be required at the head of affairs to steer them safely through the troubled political waters. A crisis was now impending compared with which the Darling grant and other past legislative difficulties were but dust in the balance. He had come forward in the absence of some better local candidate. No stone had WvB ' left unturned to obtain one, but It was a failure, therefore he had thought it his duty to stand forward. No influence or support had been given to him outside this district. He was not the nominee of any party or clique, but solicited their BU (Tragos on the principles be held, and which he was about to lay before them. This district had been so curtailed that Stawell would be able to return a local candidate-a thing which before was not so easy to accomplish. It was an acknowledged fact that electorates which were locally represented had their wants an requirements better attended to than such districts as returned men outside their bounds, and therefore totally unacquainted with their necessities- With reference to agriculture, selectors should be allowed to take up 640 acres, as from experience it was almost an impossibility for a farmer to make a living, -einfeBS the breeding and rearing of cattle were combined with the cultivation of grain, c. From 1863 or 1864, when Mr. James Grant first introduced the lottery system of selection, a vast amount of state lands had passed away from the hands of the Government into those of the squatters, without adequate value having been given. Now, the same system was being adopted, only, instead of the land being sold directly by the Government, the land passed from it to the selectors, and then in a majority of \- instances to the squatters. The whole system of the previous land policy was a gigantic swindle. The lands which remained to the State were worth £30.000,000. The country was indebted to the extent of about £14,000,000, and at the same time the colony was being ruined by almost giving away that great source of wealth land. There appeared to be no remedy for this evil but faithful administration and honesty on the part of the selectors themselves. The mining question had received a considerable amount of attention during the last session of Parliament. The system of sending out prospecting parties through various parts of the colony was a good one, and though as yet no good results had been effected, there was no doubt that in the ? future it would be crowned with success. The necessity for this action was obvious, seeing that 40,000 people still depended on mining as their support Various bills Jr- been adopted by past Parliaments for dr Lad with the question of mining on pr> dating . perty, but had always been re- ovate pro Upper House. From year ' "acted by the similar measures be put- to year, should would still be their produced, the result station had only came. Previous legs the position of succeeded in fortifying \- measures al'' - the Council. Conciliatory doubt the would be adopted, and he had no matter -M by mutual concessions the year- - would be amicably settled. They "- to all heartily sick of the stonewall and -offhand tactics of the last Parliament. The disgraceful scenes which had taken place in the Assembly were most discredit- able to the country, and subversive of all principles of law and order. In a colony to turn, where the system of triennial Parliaments had been adopted, there was no necessity for any disturbance of the kind, as, at the end of their allotted time, the electors could judge as to which party was right and which was wrong, and would accept or reject accordingly. (Hear, hear.) It should always be the case in a democratic OOUhtiy that the minority should bow to the decision of the majority, Now the just principle had been ignored lying china. 'talks ^'"'-uient, and hence the .Mguii>_-K of that great curSE 50 legislation me stonewall, (Hear, hear.) The iron hand and then to be shown in order to remove this obstruction to legislation, and it was displayed with success. The Opposition had done wrong in eating that the majority outside the House was favourable to their prin- ciples. The electors had nothing whatever to do or say in the matter. They had re- signed their voice in conducting the business of the country into the hands of their repre- > sentatives for three years, and during that time could not interfere. Mr. Berry and his party had therefore taken up a false position in assuming that they were backed \- up by the country ; because so long as the majority inside the House decide that a certain thing should be done - no matter even if it were wrong the minority must give way. The proper time would come round in due course when the electors by their votes could decide as to which side was right and which wrong. There was also another legitimate way of decidingquestionaof importance, viz, by a dissolution before the three years had expired. With regard to the fiscal policy, he gave the miners credit for having been prepared to submit to a monetary less for the good of their country. All honour to them for it. From personal investigation and actual experience, he was fully convinced that protection proved a complete failure. B; UB establishment no good had been done to the miner. On the contrary, the system was one of robbery, as no return had been given for what they paid away, and the cost of living was greatly increased by the so-called protective policy. No equivalent could possibly be given the miner for (his but by allowing a bonus for every ounce of gold raised, which was too absurd a proposition to be thought of for one moment. Here, as an equivalent, a tax had been made on the importation of grain to the extent of 15. per cwt. or £1 per ton, and a revenue of £43,000 was consequently removed from this source; this showing the necessity for recouping the farmer for his losses. (Hear, hear ) Supposing, now a rain to have a l-note in hand, and eggs to be le. 3d. the dozen, with that £1 16 dozen eggs should be obtained ; but were eggs worth 2s. 6d. a dozen, only eight dozen could be obtained. The purchasing power of money was accordingly greater or less just as the price of the commodities of the country might be. It was thus seen that the value of specie was not fixed, but rose or fell the same as other articles As the price of goods was raised the value given for labour was lowered. The miners of Stawell were getting wages at the rate of £2 8 j, per week, but the purchasing power of that amount was by protection actually reduced in value to £1 14s.; that was the £1 was reduced to 14s. 2d. Knowing this, and that the miners were suffering from principle a serious loss, how could he calmly look on and see the country thus brought to ruin? He felt compelled to come forward in the interests of his fellow-men, and lay the simple unvarnished truth before them. The great principle of taxation was that all should be taxed alike. We have a Government, and every citizen should contribute to its support. Every man should contribute to it according to his wealth. The present system of taxation was not framed according to these principles. A working man, with a wife and family to support, bad, in proportion, to pay four or five times more in taxation than a person roll- ing in wealth. It it could be possible, the man of money should be reached, and be made to pay according to his means A little taxation as possible should be made on the necessaries of life. The future revenue of the country should be raised from property. (A Voice.-" What kind of property ? ') Lauded, Adam Smith had beautifully put it that the state should never adopt a system of taxation which involved too much expense in its collection. The lands of the colony could be seen, and were therefore more easily taxed than wealth in other forms. Progressive taxation was thus a system which could be adopted with ease, A just and equitable tax could be laid on all lands over 320 acres in extent. The electors should elect men of moderate principles to represent them. The education system met with his hearty approval. It had so far been productive of great results. He would add to it, though, by establishing, in connexion with the national schools, farms for the purpose of instructing the rising genera lions in the methods of farming. The £300 per annum was not responsible for the disgraceful scenes that had been enacted in our Parliament, but the £1 300 a year. Let the Ministerial salary be abolished and all these disturbances would be done away with, and there would not be the same sbanititil rush for place and power as had previously been the case, no was against the system of selling the lands, but would leave them for say appears, on the payment of 2s. 6d. per acre per annum. He was so Japan independent candidate, and until Sir James M'Culloch had disclosed the Ministerial policy at Warrnambool on Wednesday next, he would not say whether or not he was in favour of the present Government. He would take an early opportunity of ud. dressing them again. A vote of thanks to the chairman closed the proceedings. 