THE PHILADELPHIA EXHIBITION. The following extracts are from letters received from Mr. S. Davenport by late mails:— "WEEVIL IN SOUTH AUSTRALIAN "WHEAT. Professor Archer recommended steeping the wheat in kerosine for two minutes and then drying it, but no kerosine is allowed on the grounds, and it is not easy, except at much cost, to work off the grounds. Professor Baird, of the Smithsonian, recommended Persian insect powder, and I am using that as well as the camphor. Mr. Landreft, Chairman of their Agricultural Board, and a large seed grower, said, "We kill weevil in our peas by camphor, a handful to the bushel, in an hermetically sealed case/' Professor Le Conte said—"Tile insect is the ' Calandra oryzas' widely diffused. In my experience it destroys insects in Museum collections. I have found a mixture of benzoine (half an ounce) with a pint of carbolic, acid produce a vapour, which destroys insects in a very short time. I pour this mixture on a sponge, and place that with the grain in a light tin case, and in half an hour it will have destroyed the beetles, but not their ova, so when these are hatchcd you must repeat the dose." Well, I have this process in reserve in case of need, and I record the opinion here, as it may interest you or lead to some better plan being made known. •"SOUTH AUSTEALIA, ITS HISTOET AND BE- SOURCES"—PRESENTATION OF COPT TO JIB. GOSIIOBX. Since I last wrote you I have compiled a catalogue for the British Commission Report, to be laid before Parliament, with a few comments on the colony; also, have given a statement to Mr. Goshom (Director-General) at his request for information he may emuody in a general review of the Centennial Exhibition ^proposed to be published from liis office. In acknowledgment he says:—" I return you my thanks for the very valuable document which you have furnished me for the permanent statistics of the Exhibition, and I take pleasure in advising you of the great pleasure and valuable information I have received in reading the work on South Australia which your Commission has so kindly, furnished me." In conversation lately with Mr. Goshorn he said:—"Few things about the Centennial Exhibition have afforded <us so much satisfaction as the handsoibe way in which the Australian Colonies have taken a part in it." This may be a coloured view of the matter—the general expression of opinion madeonthespur of the moment—'but as I havje before said, there is no question but that the general display of material wealth and illustration of settled civilized life, both of kind and extent, have drawn from the American minds and hearts Heelings ' of admiration and ssvprise. "We have' opened" out to them the existence of a new world of their own Anglo- Saxon'race, in which -World they see the natural resources for great wealth. .- SYDNEY- EXHIBITION, 1877. il enclose you a handbill re Sydney Exhibition, April, '1877, to which some Americans, Canadians,.and-some of their manufactures will go. "Whether, some may be induced to go further than Sydney remains to be seen. I advise all I meet to face the customers they desire by going' to them, and that once at Sydney the advance to Melbourne or Adelaide is .a small matter; But I want to know as far as-1 can what will be the nature of the goods sent-thus to> Australia ere I decide what to buy •. for Adelaide. .-. NAEEOW-GAUGE ENGINES, ETC. : !3?o-day (October 2) I post to Mr. Mais direct plans of narrow-gauge engines and carriages, Sc.. and I hope to. gather other information on . construction and working promised me. Sydney is likely to purchase railway rolling-stock, and Mr. 3J. "W Cameron writes me he has 1 instructions to send 1,003 emigrants to Sydney, the Government nominating liim as emigration stent. He. expects to get them at cost to Sydney of £10 per head. BOOK PACKAGE, ETC., PEE HEJE. By the Hebe, to sail from New York in a few days for Adelaide, I send a little waterer as a small present from myself to the Botanic Gardens, as I think it will please Dr. Schomburgk, though a small thing. Its cost you will see and the inventor's address if any of your friends admire it and wish to import. The Hebe is freighted by B. W. Cameron & Co., New York. I also ship by her a box of publications collected for the Commissioners, except that they include, as the list will indicate, some publications for the Hon. the Chief Secretary, referring to the municipal organizations of large cities. These the Chief Secretary asked for~by previous mail. I have further subscribed -for one year and Ordered to be posted to you the following apparently useful publications:— Tile Santa Barbara Weekly Press .and the Albany (N.Y. State) Country Gentleman, the Resources of Calif ornia, monthly (samples of which are in the Hebe case),and the Chicago Prairie Farmer. These are all, I think, worth a trial, as keeping waufait on American agriculture, and publishing much information of a useful nature in Adelaide. DBIED MEATS. To-day I tasted some mutton and beef which on August 9 last were dried by evaporation in one of the drying Jruit and vegetable machines. I propose buying you specimens. Both these meats, which I have kept in double canvas bags all. the time, were in excellent order. Their drying took seven hours. ' BAINFAIX STATISTICS. Scupham, Engineer, C.P. Bailwiy of California, promised me to send to Mr. Todd, whom I thought they would interest, statistical reports on the rainfall of Central Pacific Bailway Line. • CATTLE SHOW. The Cattle Show has been held here. It was relatively much better than the Horse Show. Thfe classes were Durhams, Herefords, Devons, Alderneys, Galloways, and. some Dutch. The Canada Durhams and the United States Alderneys I thought far the best. The Herefords wepe mostly small, and so were the Devons On the whole the Durhams, though well-pointed and square well-framed animals, were mostly too large-boned to please me. I send you a catpdogue in book bos.. - At- the end you will see the scale of points for Judges. • They take also the live weights of fat beasts. The three heaviest bullocks were Durhams, and weighed respectively 2,862 lbs. (seven years old), 2,910 lbs; (six years old), and 3,114 lbs. (seven years old). The fat Galloway cow weighed 1,900 lbs. The Sheep Show being on the 10th instant I hope then to see some of the New England Merinos, which claim to have in them pure •Spanish blood of the old original, . ANNIVERSARY OF THE PENNSYLVANIA!! CONSTITUTION. . On October 28 great efforts were made to swell the attendance at the Centennial Exhibition. It was a public holiday, and there were fireworks on the grounds in the evening, Two hundred and fifty-seven thousand persons attended. At present the Exhibition each day is crowded, and a general sentiment is nursed on the- success, in eveiy way. of the undertaking, By the Brindisi mail I hope to announce the complete award list. ! FRUIT. A great show of fruit has been held here, but Scuth. Australia need not blush for hers. AWABDS. In letter dated October 13 Mr. Davenport says:—The award list is not yet completed. It isi acknowledged that some oversights have occurred with the Jurors, and a Committee for investigating these has been constituted. I have written the Director in detail on such as I feel sure have happened in our case, and he replies, "I have referred your communication to the Committee of Appeals." As it is, our awards number 40, I hope we shall muster 10 others, so our proportion to exhibitors should stand out creditably.' BAGOT's EXTRACT OF MEAT. His Excellency the Councillor of State for Russia, Bielsky, sends a 12-lb. case of Bagofs extract to St. Petersburg. I have given him full particulars, and .explained that an unlimited supply from the best of meat can be procured. ; " SHEEP SHOW. At the Sheep Show are splendid Spanish Merinos, English Cotswolds, South and Oxford Downs, Lincolns" <and Leicesters. I think we ^hall get some Merinos to Sydney for April, and therice to ^Adelaide. Many important machines will also go there, where r yllr people may see them, andas I hope receive them for subsequent examination. Among tli'^e is a clam-dredgerof great service. Sir. We'-.c-Jirskine left for England yesterday; Sir Richmond Barry last week. On October 31 Mr. Davenport again writes:— SVKHET CARS. Be Street Cars.—I pest Mi-. E. "W. "Wright the best publicatioij, " Grillmore on Streets, Roads, and Pavements." In letters enclosed to-day to the Commissioner of Public Works Sir. "Wright will see that street rails are not necessarily bedded up with paving stones, but Macadam will do. APPROACHING CLOSE OP THE EXHIBITION. As the closing day of the Exhibition approaches we are troubled with .interruptions; but each day's work tells something. Our desire to secure machinery or models is working out nicely. All praise is due to the efforts of the Sydney Commission to secure an outcrop of this Exhibition for Australia in ApriL Canada and New York shipments will embrace many useful things. I would send you lists if procurable, but of these following are promised, as I personally know:— The millionaire car-axle—ah alleged important invention. Ramsey's car-truck shifting apparatus. Model of clam-dredge used about all these harbour excavations. , . ' The "Wharton patent safety railway switch. Gasburner for heating locomotive tires. Mowers and reapers. • Thrashers. Grain and maize crushers, A Baldwin locomotive. Railway cars, &c.; "Watching the list thus possibly to come under the eye of Australians in their own .count-y (or perhaps Adelaide may arrange . with Sydney for their Exhibition at Adelaide after the Sydney Show), and waiting to have the opinion of Jurors on machinery, I have delayed buying what our spare funds may permit till these last days. Of things already selected for Adelaide I name tho following—decision on others is pending furtherenqaiiy—namely:— Of i fruit- drying machines, two kinds—l3t, ' The Pacific f 2nd, " The Portable." • - • Of stump-extractors, three kinds—1st," The Pioneer 2nd, " Davis;"" 3rd, " Lit vie Grants Of hay-presses—Aliars Hind Povr^r." Of horse-i-akes. tr. o kinds—Canadian and American. : - - " < A hay-loader—very usefid, I hope. ' Ploughs, three kinds. " Potato-diggers, two kinds.. Sowers, two kinds—hand and cart. Cultivators, one on Gaag plough principle. A winnower—Dickey's. | A honey-extractor. \ A horse-power machine, applicable for woodcutting, chaffcutting, &c.; i Posthole diggers, two dozen! : A cider press, for farmers aud small gardeners; and sundry small things, of which more bty-and-by. 1I shall select ether things ere the closing day, and all our selections will, I think, leave New- York- by.ship sailing to Melbourne on -December 1\. I shall get a collection of seeds and some useful garden tools. ! EE BAGOT'S EXTRACT. I Several large chemists have inspected it, and it is well regarded; but they all say the South American Liebigs have got the hold of this market, and even after much advertising they doubt if room could be found for others. ; I recounted our 40 awards. No final list is yet out. We are sure to have more. : Some of the caskwinc at Nevv York is sold. I .wrote to London, but our market there is not .encouraging. Believe, if all goes well, that Australia will get the benefit of this Exhibition. . The following is the latest lettor received from Mr. Davenport:— I United States Hotel, Nov. 27, LS7<>. Dear Mr. Coates —Your letter of ths 11th October, witli the drafts of fm tliar letter which the ghost of a telegraph from New Zealand hid arrested towards completion, reached me on tlic- 23rd, and I thank you for them. My last to ycu W3S dated October 31. Since then I have posted to you newspapers recording the closing of the Exhibition. At tliat date I thought I scarcely should be in Philadelphia, having calculated that ten days would see all wound up. Actually, however, the 17th day doss not £id all done, cor will this be the last letter I shall write you: before leaving America. In this delay I am not alone. Sir. Mackay, of Queensland, is the first and only one off, but a? he had sold nothing, and had but to ship his exhibits back to London where they were duly received, neither Customs formalities, nor time taken in distribution of sales, &c.;, were a drag on him. Tasmania is the next to go, and than, • I think, I am the nearest ready. Still, I cannot say positively till all the shackles are off. "When all the packages for exportation are complete I will send you the list, and in time account for the disposal of every exhibit. Here, I may remark, that after deducting samples which hare been distributed, as per paper enclosed, the wool was sold in bond at a uniform price of 14d. per lb, greasy, and 20cL for the scoured. Statement oaclosed. It is not yet delivered, waiting Customs entry, though all papers are complete. Thirty emu eggs were sold at S3 apiece, the balance being reserved as presents in recognition of courtesies received. JEWF.IiEET. All Stealer's jewellery is disposed of at invoice prices, save one inkstand, £30, which, if not got rid of here, I will take to London, saving duty here, and I hope to sell it there. "Wendfs noted inkstand (from the alarm a supposed robbery occasioned) is also sold at invoice price. The Colonial Commissioners wishing to notify their obligation to the British Executive for their free grant of use of furnished rooms at St. George's House, within the Exhibition grounds, as: well as the general good feeling and disposition to give all friendly aid and intercourse to the colonial representatives, are buying Wendt's inkstand for presentation to Colonel Stanford. I, of course, on behalf of your Committee, take a share in the purchase, which will probably be £10. This reference to -"Wendt's -jewellery leads me to explain that after receipt of your second invoice from Mr. TTendt some months since I could come to no other conclusion than that norobbei-y had occurred, and that the.one case, where nothing but* a footboard and some red plush glass edging with broken glass had been found, had in reality never contained anything else, save that the glass when packed was not broken, and therefore that, the footboard and gimp belonged to'the one inkstand, which I had received in another-case all right. Then arose the question, how had I so"long thought otherwise? The cause .lay in the wording of the packages on the original schedule. There eacli case—S.A.C. over 37 and SAC. over 25—was described as-containing collection of jewellery; whereas, in fact,; the board and gimp and glass alone could not be termed " collection c£ jewellery," as I read it. However, " All's well that ends well." ; SHEEPSKINS DEESSED. Some sold and some reserved for donations. DEESSED SKINS. Have mostly, with all the specimens of natural history supplied by Mr. Waterhcuse, gone to the Smithsonian Institution at Washington, from whom in return we are to receive natural history specimens illustrative of this continent, the preparation and sending of which will occupy more time than will 'permit of their going to Adelaide by same vessel as our return exhibits do. ." DESIGN FROM SKINS OF NATIVE ANIMALS. Some sold, some donated, as I shall fully explain eventually. CEBEALS AND OTHEB FARM SEEDS. What were left from weevil have been distributed in various directions to foreigners and the people of the United States. From some I have; seeds in return; from others• and numerous foreigners and country institutions the occasion of their getting samples afforded me much opportunity for conversation, and enabled me to illustrate the sort of country Australia was. Be it in wheat, or in dried fruits, or wax models, wool, wine, ores, or photographs in their separate or aggregate exhibits, the effect "upon the American-mind haB been most striking. It is not unconimon to hear the remark that the Australian Colonies formed the most interesting part of the Exhibition. The force which impressed people with this idea was due to the varied and excellent indications of material wealth and material comfort which they for the first time in their lives saw before them as the products of countries they had been accustomed to regard as".; almost uninhabited, or at least in a very low state of settlement and civilization. • To this feeling, too, I have seen added one approaching admiration and brotherhood, based on surprise, that the Australia n Colonies should have taken so ready and extensive interest in Exhibitions, and that our illustrative statistics and products proved us to be worthy membersof the great Anglo race, in the qualities assigned to which the American himself feels proucl of possessing p. geed share. As a sequence tlieie cannot be a doubt that out of this Exhibition commercial relation.-; will spring up in various ways, and ere ]oi!g many will come :md inspect us with whom the thought never had footing before. IT: the general distribution of exhibits lam i ifking a littie blame by a departure from the letter of introduction iu one or two things. Mi. Keynes's wool goes back to Adelaide in its own showcases, set up well after the damage of " Skerry voi'c." Mr. Angas's samples of vfocl, wich photographs, in their two frames, and copper and silver hammesed specimen also go back, as the before- named direct from New York to Adelaide. But in the following case I am making a dttour at least; that is, I am fending them to London, whence, if wished by their owners, they can be sent direct to Adelaide or otherwise ; and the reasons of my thus acting with latitude are as follows:—In common with other Colonial Commissioners I have been asked to send to < London any spare exhibits Yrj-ic-h may be thought suitable tor a proposed Colonial Museum, to bs constructed upon a large.imperial scale. A few things were in hand suitable for such a puipcse, and some of them were left here "at the disposal of the Commissioners." Of these weie Miss Gray's wax models of fruit—very tiuthiul representations and very attractive here as they would be elsewhere, their only fault bc-ir.g too limited in uumber. An award L; given them" here. These fruits illustrate oar climate, and suggest by their, dc-licious appearance that the country tiey grbw in is a desirable country to dwell iii. The grapes, figs, almonds, loquats, oranges, citrons, lemons, with apples, pears, currants, strawberries, and plums, jpreieh directly, to the sense' of the inspector. * They have always attracted crowds here, and induced EO end of conversation. I have packed them in their glass case as exhibited here, and.they may reappear the same in LondOti. - ' 1 ' . Xo the same destination is packed in its glass case, ready to open ont and be exiiibited as. here in a few minutes, Warm's cocoons and'spun silk. That always here -attracted -attention—- that bind of attention which arrests passers-by, and; they stop and go out of their way to examine, and are "pleased and rendered inquisitive thereby. 1 have often heard people, after looking at the things, ask " What countiy is this ? Oh, this is South Australia." THE ©TO EGGS, g. The emu eggs set "up" in jeweller;.', being so perfectly novel to the visitors—"nothing like them anywhere else''"—have been useful attractions, advertising our colony. Tina coonONurrs. The Coorongite in its glass ease I send also to London to a class of men wLo will regard it with much interest. Some have samples here under microscopic examination, and I am to get their reports. THE GOTJD QTARTZ. The gold quartz from the Northern Territory I send also to London together with the framed tet of photcs (two in all), illustrative (iu ths one esse) of the. telegraph line structure, and in the other of Port Dai- win and surroundings ; and though Mr. Button has probably counterparts of these, yet as they are sot classed iu neat and gcccl frames, I thought it bi.r.t not to separate tLijm flora the yc-Iii quirti; of the . KciiLtin Tenitory, of whose ric-ises therein it may piove a tmall but truthful witness. G'.-YDEirS STATISTICS. The five framed Goydev's statistics, too, I have pac- kcd for London; for though statistics, likelaw books, scon are surpassed, yet for a season these will answer, and the frame:, thej arc in will be good enough for many successors. CKABB'S MALACJriTE. Crabb's malachite and Mr. Angas's trvo spotted emu skins and the two glass cases or Mr. Augas's Lincoln ewe and lamb skins I h'.ve also packed carefully and sent to London like the foregoing, and it is m these I depart from the strict reading of the instructions. For the credit of the colony ou the opeuiug of the. Colonial Museum I hope these gentlemen will' allow the?e interesting exhibits to pby a part, were it only for a season. Bagofs sample ease gees back to Adelaide. The stripper and Captain Hancock and Mr. Sanders's machines also. The 114 clear glass bottles in which our wines have beeu shown I send you, with the nickelplated frame and walnut board on which the bottles stood. So if you wish we can raise the like at our Agricultural Shows, defining to visitors' eyes the colour of the wines exhibited' so jlittle now. Cameron has secured us freight to Adelaide at the moderate rate of 37s. Gd. per ton. I am greatly obliged to him for thcbcoks. - I enclose you the lists of books, &c.;, content? of cases branded "C. J. Coates, Adelaide." Many of these bcoks, &c.;, are of much value. Many refer to railways, technological institutions, sewerage, &c.;, &c.;, as you will see. There are also seeds of American indigenous trees for others cultivated here, including the sugar maples of l\ew England, so important aud valuable tree there, though perhaps not suited to our climate, unless Mount Gambier or Yankalilla. Mr. Landreft, of the Bureau of Agriculture, alone sends us 109 packages of culinary vegetable seeds. Mr. Parkinson, Superintendent of United States Coast Survey, has given, me in a .case ready packed a selection of 100 cosst survey charts, which I shall send you. These were accompanied by publications from his department of gieat interest, and which are in lists now sent, ycu. I have yet"another sin to acknowledge, in expiation or explanation. As I write" you again within a fortnight, I close now with saying that I can then add what additional machinery has been purchased, k,c., and enclose "you' bill of lading. I have fixed to leave America by the Ohio steamer from here for Liverpool on-December 14, but. before going I want to visit the Cornell Agricultural College —the reputed best in the States. , 