GENERAL NEWS. The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Monday and the same hour on Tuesday, on the Ade laide and Tort Darwin Line is registered as follows:— Port Darwin... 1*900 Southport ... 1*100 Yam Greek ... 2*120 Pine Creek ... 1*900 Katherine ... 0*140 Daly "Waters... 1*821 Powell's Creek 0*750 Tennantfs Creek 1*750 Barrow Creek... 0*063 StrangwaysSpgs. 0*325 The following is Tuesday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph Line:—Beltana, fine; Strang ways Springs, fine; Peake, fine; Charlotte Waters, fine, fain yesterday; Alice Springs, fine; Barrow Creek, cloudy, sultry; Tennant Creek, cloudy; Powell Creek, densely clouded, raining all night; Daly Waters, cloudy, raining; Katherine, dull; Pine Creek, cloudy; Yam C'rcek, cloudy, raining; Southport, overcast; Port Darwin, gale, with continuous rain. There will be A sitting df the Full Court at the usual time to-morrow morning. Our Ctlenelg reporter writes: —New Year's Day is now a thing of the past, and the week during which Glenelg holds high carnival is ended. Crowds more or less dense, have each day thronged the trains, the jetty, and the beach, and it speaks well for the natural good sense of our South Australian public that amid the festivities of the season there has not been a trace of anything to disgrace the community. This year not a single case has blotted the fair sheet of the local Police Court, and although the police were "to the fore" at the Bay, the constables enjoyed Jthoir _ of mm cwi Jig,, without"-their services being "called into requisition. Votaries of . the rosy god crowded the bars of the hotels, but they, proved to be half-hearted disciples, for not a drunken person could be found to pay the five , shilling fine for a bed in the station. The New Year came in almost in silence; some few walked the jetty or streets until the midnight chimes had struck and then went quietly home. The day, which usually brings .down "happy spirits? from the racecourse to finish their libations by the sea, passed off in innocent enjoyment; boating, fishing, and little picnic parties, filling the place of more noisy demon strations. ' It id stated in tlie Kapunda Herald tha^ "on Christmas night the inmates of Mr. T Williams's house, Kapunda, had a very narrow escape ot being seriously injured by lightning. About 11 o'clock the lightning struck the front window, smashing the glass, and passed through the room into the bedroom, striking the looking glass so violently as to almost, knock it oat of. the window, which was open." In the front room where the fluid entered there was a child, and in the bedroom there was another child in a cradle. Neither of these; were-injured. We havefbeen shown a piece of the glass of the front window which was broken, and it presents the appearance of.having been subjected to intense heat and partially melted. Strange to say the looking-glass was not broken." Mr. Herbert Roberts, brother of the billiard champion, who has lately been exhibit ing at the Globe Saloon, played on New Year's night a match with his thutub and finger against the cue playing of the amateur who was pitted against his brother on Wednesday evening last. Theamateur was allowed300 points out of600,and was beaten by 60. Mr. H. Koberts made breaks of 20,56,33,45,37, 27,18, and smaller scores. Theperformance is very extraordinary, thescrews and cush cannons especially are very wonderful. " Thumb and Finger" then gave the amateur 40 points out of 75 in the French cannon game, each cannon counting 1 and heat him easily, making in one of the breaks 19. The perform ance concluded with a brilliant display of fancy strokes, including cannons into hats, cannoning 15 balls in a line, cannoning on to a ball oh the | floor, and travelling between and around j decanters and tumblers. George Webster, a laborer employed on Mr. Penfield's farm at Penfield," met with au accident on Sunday, December 24. He was leading a horse to water when it kicked him severely in the ribs. He was admitted into the Adelaide Hospital on Monday. The Concordia Band will play on 'the jetty at Glenelg this evening. Considerable interest was felt, not only among gentlemen, but also by the pulic gene rally, in the yacht race, which it was proposed should take place at the Bay on the 28th of December, and disappointment was experienced when it became known that owing to unforeseen contingencies it would not come off. It will be gratifying to many to learn that the club intend to hold the race, and that they have issued their programme,' fixing it for Saturday next. Doubtlesa there will be alarge muster of yachts, and if the weather should prove favorable, a glorious day's sport may be anticipated. There are two prizes, the first a silver cup, value £40, the second £10. Captain Warland, of the ship Duntrune, will act as Judge and Starter. On Monday morning, January 1, some fishermen on the Semaphore jetty were startled by observing that a. man who had been standing on the north-west T-head was in the water, head downwards, and was making no effort to save himself. They threw a lifebuoy and hailed the steamer Ceres, which sent a boat to the spot, but only the hat of the man was picked up. Soon afterwards the water police arrived, and during all the morning used the drags over and about the spot where the man was last seen, but no success at first attended these efforts, for the water was not clear enough to see where the body had drifted. At length search was. made close to the jetty frontage, and there the body was recovered shortly after mid-day. The body was removed by the police to Port Adelaide, where it was identified as that of a journeyman tailor in the employ of Mr. T. Ballantvne. Messrs. Heed and Reynolds deserve credit for the man ner in which they exerted themselves to recover the deceased from the water. A pleasing ceremony took place in con nection with Messrs. D. & W. Murray's Cloth ing Factory, on Saturday, December 30, when the employes presented Mr. R. Threlfall, the manager, with a large and well-executed por trait of his wife. The picture is in oils, and is from the studio of Mr. Solomon. The em ployes assembled in the reading-room, which was tastefully decorated. Mr. Tester, who presided, said the employes were called to gether to testify to the esteem in which they held their manager, and to present him with a token of their respect. He referred to the good done by the firm in connection with their factories, and especially by the one they were associated with. He hoped the kindly feeling that now existed would continue. He wished Mr. Threlfall the compliments of the season. Miss Potter then presented Mr. Threlfall, on behalf of the employes, with the portrait. Mr. Threlfall, who was greeted with applause, said be was so taken by surprise that he hardly: knew how to thank them, but he assured them that he greatly valued their gift, and would prize it as long as he lived. He gave a brief account of the year's transactions, the wages paid, and the work done, which were, he stated, quite aotonnding. considering the short time the factory had boen in existence. It had always been his endeavor to make the work pleasant and profitable, both to the Ann and the employes. He had never had occasion to send a single hand away for misconduct, and he thought this fact was very creditable to tlio establishment. He wished all prosperity and happiness. The final performance of the Lo-Lo Com bination Troupe was given at White's Rooms on Monday evening. A large audience testi fied their approval in a very hearty manner. Madame Lo-Lo thanked the public for the grati fying patronage which she and her company had received during their visit to Adelaide. There was a splendid attendance at the Theatre Royal on Monday evening, it was in fact the best house of the season. The pro gramme was gone through successfully, and the plaudits were frequent. Dr. Silvester will take his benefit on Wednesday evening, when there is no doubt he will have what he richly de serves—a crowded attendance. An excellent programme has been provided. A dramatic entertainment in aid of the funds of the Children's Hospital is to be given at "White's Rooms on Thursday evening next. The programme embraces " selections from Hamlet," by Mr. R. Whinham, Mr. G. Laughton, and others, and H. J. Byron's burlesque, " Aladdin, or the Wonderful Scamp," in which characters will be taken by members of the Register staff, assisted by Master Fritz Bevilaqua. The entertainment is to be under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor and Lady Mus grave, who liavo signified their intention to be present, and as it is for the benefit of a most deserving charity, it will doubtless be well attended. There was a very large attendance at the Bellringers' entertainment at the Town Hall on Monday evening. The programme, which was very lengthy, was well carried out. The Bell ringers, who played a number of popular tunes with excellent effect, were heartily applauded . and repeatedly encored by an appreciative audi ence. The songs and dances of Mr. A. Yerfcen were well received, and that gentleman was obliged to respond to several imperative en cores. The entertainment concluded with the farce, "Mr. Johnson in want of a Coachman." in which a ghost was introduced, and consider ably amused the spectators. To- night is announced as the last appearance of the Troupe in Adelaide. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Musgrave are to be present, and a first class programme has been prepared in honor of the occasion. We are requested to mention that tickets may be obtained and seats secured —atthe Town Hall this afternoon. As it may bej some ttmo before the Troupe again visit this part pf the world,.all. vrho..wiah_tofiee and hear • the Messrs. Lynch and their able coadjutors' j should embrace this opportunity. j 