THE PEEM.IER AT WESXBURY. The address of .the Premier afcWestbury has given such : general satisfaction throughout the colony, that it is ' essen tially necessary'1 the Opposition organs should decry it and even donounco it. 1'he task, however, is a verj' difficult one, and we dp' bpt. envy thoao; \yho. have undertaken it. ? .'.The Premier's dignified': vindication of the. Cabinet from, tho, petty charges levelled against . it was exhaustive and complete. This is most damaging to the Opposition, who find the 'made'1 and very, unsubstantial ground on' which they stoodcut from: under their eet, leaving them clinging for support to.' the ghosts, of 'exploded and exposed, false '? assertions.; ' We do not intend, to review the speech of the Premier ; it is suffi ciently: explicit , on every subject, lie touched, upon to, satisfy. ,,', the. people,'., to,, whom . it was sp'ocially addressed^ and!.: wo trust; that every elector in Tasmania will carefully i '.'read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest' its 'conten s. - The' organ of obstruction par excellence cannot find language suffi. cieritly strong to ?denounce the Heiboy ?Ministry, and this'in itself should be ac jcepted as the highest commendation^. Per sonal, factious, and party obstruction is the weapon with which the Opposition do battlq with the Ministry n hich was to have been: allowed a fair and.impartial trial. ., i'hati ; was nominally conceded in August' last by all parties, but the party ? of cobstruc conditions. This un-English' treatment ha3 had. the feyerae of .the effect, intended. The electors ?throughout' the length ,and breadth of. , Tasmania, are disgusted with such' unfair tacticsi and their, indignation has been ,' aroused to an extent .which; will teach the. leaders of the ; party of obstruction: a ksaon ? they ? have long reatiired. ..The address of.tho'Premier1 dealt with every important matter con nected with the government of the colony^ but perhaps what is most likely to'directly benefit Launceston is that portion dealing with charitable allowances: and the mainr tonance of invalids. .Tiio Premier said; it. was th9 intention of the Government . to concentrate all the invalids iiv tho colony. at the Queen's Asylum at New Town, ' and by this and other alterations the site of the 0;;s:ades and' Brickfields at Hobart' Town, aad .the 'spacious' site of tlio Invalid' I Station at Launceston would be availably for sale, and Cameron . . street would ' he thrown oDen and carried on through. the Invalid Station grounds to near, tlie, iron bridge over the. South Jisk. This, is a 'boon the inhabitants have : prayed' other jMiiiistries for in ,vain, ever since the old !biirracL-3 occupied ; by the, invalids, wore vacatsd by the miUtary, Either the, .British Ordnance Department, or some other unrelenting ''dog in the mangor,1' objected to looso its grasp on tho locality, or tho Ministry oi the day had not ; the power ? or ? the will to interfere in the matter. It remained for the present Ministry to show' that it lias both the will and the power to hand' over to tlie people of Launceston tlie vacant lands within:, her tows? boundaries. ^Vhether the lands at the Invalid Station and gaol be handed; over to the Corporation . as places ,oiE recreation for the inhabitants, or sold as sites for building purposes, that and' the ? contimmtion of Cameron-street westwards will effect a vast improvement- in that picturesque portion of the1 town, hitherto' devoted to the exclusive use- of British soldiers, prisoners, or paupers. Since the present Superintendent of Penal Es tablishments took charge, lie , has effected wonderful improvement in the whole of ihe grounds referred - to, yet every/; in teljigent visitor from the adjoining colonies expresses very natural -surprise +.-,nf. tJia nr*»f.t:if-Af; nlnnp nf risinnr orrmimi fronting on the river should be reserved as labor ground for prisoners and paupers, while the citizens should, be rigorously excluded from them., v Here, are sites' for, numerous villa residences, which, , if offered for sale, would, bo eagerly pur-.; chased, and in future : yeara ? the eyes of our visitors ?. from ? the. continental colonies would bo no longer ?? pained by having^ the Launceston Gaol storing th'5m: : broadly in ; the face 'as th'ey siear the: town, and on landing they would not be checked by ' a barrier in Cameron street . to; prevent iheir nearer approach on that tack ,to. the bestutiful South.Esk bridge., ,Tho gaol itself was condemned twenty years ago ;by ,. the, SmithrHenty Ministry. It occupies tiv:cs the, space necessary for a compact modern prison, suitable for all the require ments of Launceston for the next half centitry. ^Though vastly improved by the ' present Superintendent, the biiildings arer altogether uiisuited : for carrying out xaodern prison dicipline, and it would not be too late now to give effect to the idea agreed ',' to, if riot' suggested, by Sir, Francis Smith twenty; years . a^o. to build ,; a ,gaol( ,in not, quite ,-,. so. prominent a ; position, .and. - sell the old one to the highest bidder.* The site and the _ buildings would bring /in almost a sufficient!!Bumv'to' erect' ainew gaol elsewhere. Noflr'^that' the 'Premier has evinced : a willingness ? to :? afford the people of Launceston 8n opportunity of vastly improving the appearance of the' town, -we commend the whole subject to' the consideration of tho members of the Municipal Council. Prompt' action on! their part is requisite to bring practical good cut , of ' the valuable suggestions thrown out by the Premier in his eloquent address. mmmmjl^mm^mmmmmmmmmm 