OflMMiifeiriry ft© [Pipeff. By Zozimus. The County Wexford, of all parts of Ireland, is peculiarly rich jn legends, traditions, and fairy tale3, In former days, before tho advent of the newspaper press and the national schoolmaster, there was not a dis trict, town, or village within its border but boasted of its story-teller, who was generally tho depository of all the marvellous and uncanny events that had taken place in tho neighbourhood for ages past. But in these days of railroads, telegraphs, schools aud cheap literature, the long-honoured tribe of story-tellers is disappearing, even in the County of Wexford. A few remain, how ever, to this day, but their occupation has fearfully fallen into desuetude. Some of them may still be found lingering around their old haunts at the glowing firesides of. comfortable farmera, but many of them were swallowed up in that great stream of immi gration that poor old Erin has been pouring on his American shores for the last halt century. Of the latter was Jimmy Chili, who, though he bore a name that savoured of South America, was as true a Wexfordian as ever danced a jig in New Ross, from which good old town he hailed. I first became acquainted wilh Jimmy when he was a 'youngster' in the ancient colony of Newfoundland. Like myself, he was then employed in the dangerous but profitable occupation of seal hunting. In the intervals of the hunt, and in tbe long winter nights, seated around the forecastle fire, he often beguiled the tedium of the slow passing hours with story, jest, and song. Jimmy was a firm believer in witchcraft, ghosts, fairies, warnings, second sight, and all the mysteries which are supposed to hedge in the supernatural oifder. Whether ho believed in his own talea or not I cannot say; but certain he always delivered himself of them, particularly when they related to ghosts and fairies, in such a solemn, oracular way, as to carry conviction to his hearers among the simple fishermen and seal hunters of New foundland. I well remember one night, after having made everything snug on deck, we were oeated at the forecastle firo. After Jimmy had drunk hio tea, filled his pipe and smoked it, he was called upon for a story. ' Be gob, boys,' said he in response, ' I'll tell you the etory of Hannaberry tho Piper and the Marquis of Waterf ord. Hannaberry was the greatest piper in all tho country around New Rosa. Divil a marriage, chris tening, fair or wake widiu' miles but he would be at wid his pipes, and thim were the pipes, don't be talking.' I will not attempt, however, to give the otory verbatim in Jimmy's vernacular, but. that waa tho opening sentence. What, follows I shall relate aa concisely aa pos* oible, and keeping an noas the original test ao I can. ' One night,' Jimmy went on, 'Hannaberry, who had been to the fair of Taghmon, which is situated between New Ross and Wex* ford town, was returning homo, with hia pipec, as usual, under his arm. He had passed a merry day of it, and, aa a con« sequence, felt^pretty much as Tarn O'Shanter, of Scottish memory, i'elt when he pronounced himself victorious over all the ills of life. Down came Hannaberry, in this jolly mood, along the road to New Rose. From Taghmon . to his home it was a goodly walk, and after the fatigues of tho day it was only natural that he should fed a trifle tired. When he came to the old lime- kiln, that is exactly four miles from Ross bridge, he thought he would rest himself and have a pull at his old dudheen; 'twould refresh him and waken up hio faculties, which were, in a manner become, oblivious. Ho had no sooner conceived the idea than he proceeded to carry it into execu tion by seating himself on the sloping ground that led to the top of tho lime-kiln, lighting bis pipe and commencing to smoke. Before seating himself he laid his beloved pipes carefully away in a nook of the kiln. He had not smoked long before a dreamy, drowsy, undefinable sensation crept over him. Tho smoke from lm pipo appeared to resolve itself into a mysterious halo of light, which gradually began to enshroud him. Suddenly he heard the most delicious strains of music proceeding from a shore distance behind where he was seated. Never had such strains been produced on Irish pipes as Hannaberry now listened to, and, turning, he beheld a sight which struck him with awe and astonishment. Coming towards him, with the pipes underpins arm, was a little, a very little, old man, nattily dre83ed in green. The little old man handled tho pipes with the moat consummate skill and grace, and, standing before tho astonished Hannaberry, he played twelve of tho most delightful and patriotic airs in a style the most lovely and bewitching. When he had ceased playing he laid down the pipes, and, fixing a' pair of piercing black eyes on tho bewildered piper, addressed him thus : ' Why, then, Mick liannaberry, it'a your self that's a brave man, by daring to sit down so comfortably in a fairy rath. I have been here now bordering on five hundred years, and you are the first man that has had the courage to cross the magic ring and rest himself in my domains. And now, mo man, let me tell you that you have conferred a . favour on me that shall not go unrewarded. When the little old man in green stopped speaking, he lifted the pipes from the ground, and placing them under HannabeiTy's arm, he ordered the now fairly bewildered piper to strike up a tune. Hannabery was first very timid and bashful, particularly after hearing such beautiful music from the fairy, as he now fully knew him fco be. He pleaded weariness and inabilty, but tho little old man with, a quiefc dignity awed, . while at -tho same time he reassured, the (piper into a _ compliance with his : demand, and Mick liannaberry struck up a jig so lively and souUstirring, that the per former himself was completely surprised at the delicacy and proficiency with which he handled the keyo of his instrument. Tune after tune, to the number of twelve, was rattled of? on tbe pipes, by the now thoroughly delighted piper, who already began to con gratulate himnelf on the great advantage his increased proficiency in his art would give him over his less fortunate rivals, who had never stumbled into a fairy rath to become acquainted with its occult mysteries. The little man in gveen eyed tho piper all the while with tho keenest and shrewdest glances, apparently reading the thoughts that were uppermost in his mind. 1 Bo ai3y, row, Mick,' said he, 'and lay down the pipes till I explain. As I said afore, yours is tho first mortyal face 'of a piper that I have set eyes on in this sacred ring for five hundred yearn.' ' Be gorra, then, that's a long time, your honor,' said Mick in reply, looking out curiously from under the rim of his old hat at tho little old man in green, and wondering all the while what was coming next. ' Yes, five hundred weary years nave I been imprisoned here, till this blessed night, when some good chance has sent you to my relief. And Mick, me man, I'll forever bless the day you came to relieve me, besides assisting you to make your fortune.' ( It's thankful I am to your honor,' re plied Mick, still feeling not quite at ease, and wishing in hia heart that ho was safely at home with tho old woman and children. ' There is a condition, however,' said the little old man,- ? but, unfortunately, one that cannot be dispensed with. It is inseparable from my unfortunate position, and in many respects will counterbalance the great benefit conferred upon you. When you leave here. to-night your lame will be abroad through all the country ; indeed, it will not be con fined to poor old Ireland, but will be spread throughout the whole of the three kingdoms. Your services will be in great request. Your pipes, by merely placing them on a table, will be operated upon by an unseen agency, and tho most delicious music will be pro duced; but,' and hero the little old man's face assumed a grave aspect, 'every timo the pipes are played you will lose a near relative by death. This is the inevitable condition, winch you must either accept or remain with me until another piper cornea to your relief and mine. Five hundred years ago, when in the flesh, like you, I was a piper. I wasted my days in mirth, joviality, and song. I wa3 idle, and encouraged idleness in others, and as a punishment for my thoughtless conduct, I was condemned to pass ages in the narrow confines of this rath. I was to be freed, however, when a man of my own pro fession would voluntarily corne within the ? magic circle which surrounds my limited domains. It has been your fortune to be the man, and whether that fortune is to be good or evil for you your future conduct will tell. Take your pipes, you are now at liberty to go ; but do not forget the penalty that is attached to your music, and remember, also, you must never refuse a reasonable request for your services as a piper.' 'The halo of light gradually faded awny, and the dazed Hannaborry found himself cold, benumbed and damp, his pipes beside him, and still seated on the side o? the little mound that led to the lop of the lime kilns. He rubbed his eyes and wondered if it was not all a dream, and if ho had not taken too much whisky, and whether the little old man in green and the music wa3 not a phantom of a disordered brain. Bnt no, it muot have been a reality; for there, sure enough, was the fairy ring all around him, and no true Irish piper could ever doubt the evidence of his sense?, when he was environed by so palpable a fact as that. (To be contained.) 