BIOGRAPHY. ? *? ? THOMAS DB QUINCE Y. pLWv* stran§e thing that the story of De Quin J-ey s We should have been left untold till now ; for it om? B&y; f e leaBt- a very tarilling one. The idiosyn diWo i man- hUj struRgles against poverty, uuease, and a remedy threatening at times to be more anSTO8 an the ms from which he 80Ught deliver anv-'v hemoral aspects of his character, if there be Irish -it bmgular combination of intellectual gifts ; utnit a -a1 fi«work-like literary creations; his frZ , «1 mauence. owing to his extreme detachment tW v age ; the utter oblivion into which he sank, so 'w when the news ef his last illness came most of us tW. .aurPrised to hear that he had still to die-a.l lit V1 t0 JJe ^uincey's life a unique character. 'Mpm ?e- favourably known as the author of a attPm«?f of Natllaniel Hawthorne,' has made an InadH v° SUpP!y the literary gap in two volumes, has h«A vt0 the materials generally accessible, he W Dp n- ^sposal a number of letters addressed been aki Cey to various members of his family, and tribuwi ut0 aTaU himself of 'recollections' con notwi^,* yJ-Beveral friend8. The correspondence, feir W Tv g occa8ional brilliant passages and a found -g of bi?arre ideaB which are Bure to be a . „, any writing by De Quincey, is, taken little Jf-r rather disappointing. It tells us attached t I- aut,h.or' excePt that he was greatly took™- * cluldren, and that he now and then ^arort^6 t paBBinS events, such as the Crimean sensation i indian Mutiny, or a more than ordinary touched ^L''11^** Literary topics are seldom tervak fP -aud the references which occur at in much val far between' are too vague to be of ***? Hotrod' Amongthe 'reminiscences,' those by toWanV^ . Journa1' tbe Intruder, the 'Au- I 6 *pruc {sketches ' made their first appearance, will be read with special interest ; they give us a life- | like portrait of De Quincey, and tell some quaint anecdotes, which gi e us a better insight into some of his characteristics than the most elaborate disquisi tion. The second volume concludes with a ' medical view ' of the case by Dr. Eatwell. De Quincey's lite rary activity was really a disease, and falls therefore under the cognizance of the physician. Dr. Eatwell is of opinion that De Quincy suffered from ' gas trodynia,' or a severe nervous irritation of the stomach — a disease whose distressing nature he had frequent opportunities of observing during his Indi in medical practice. ' So obstinate is this affection considered by the natives that it is attributed to a weapon in the hands of Siva, and though that deity inflicts the blow he cannot remove the disease : the sufferers in consequence often despair and seek relief in. suicide.' The sulfe.ings are best relieved by opium ; and Dr. Eatwell submits that De Quincey used this drug with the object of checking the progress of his disease* sj that he cannot be called an opium eater in the ordtuary sense of tbe word. But Mr Page's book is not altogether dependent for its interest on the materials supplied by others. Like his hero, he is deficient in concentration, and his style is very diffuse. Apart from these blernishes, his biography deserves to be commended. His mastery of the subject is evident, and his criticism exhibits many delicate touches. Sometimes, no doubt, his enthusiasm leads him astray, and the subtle critic is lost in the over- anxious apologist. But life dealt so roughly with Thomas De Quincey that we can readily forgive death for throw ing a halo around him. The drawing power of De Quincey showed itself, as those who have read the ' Autobiographic Sketches' are aware, at a very early period. He appears to have been, when a boy, of a very nervous temperament, with excessive sensi bilities and a morbidly developed imagination, to which his life at school added in due time an unmistakable amount of pedantry. His trance at the death of his sister Elizabeth, his odd fancies about the kingdom of ' Gomboron,1' and tie part he took in the literary reunions of Liverpool during his school-boy days are so many illustrations of his early disposition. Mr. Page attempts to sh--w De Quincey's boyish character in a somewhat different light, and quotes an amusing letter to his sister, in which the boy signs himself as 'your ever- dutiful son and affectionate sister, Tabitha Quincey,' and an anecdote which tells of his pulling faces at an old lady who lived opposite, chiefly to annoy his French tutor, whom he suspected of matri monial designs on his mother. Such things, however, do not remove the general impression produced by the narrative of his youth, and show as little that he was like other boys as the fact that he frequented now and then the house of a friend, or acted at times in accordance with the ordinary customs of society, proves that he was neither unsociable nor eccentric. Even the prophets, we may suppose, had intervals when they saw no visions and spoke the language of Canaan. All the early influences by which he was surrounded— the non-sympathetic mother professing the most unimaginative of creeds, Evangelicalism; the uncongenial 'pugilistic' brother forcing him to take part in the contests which he has so amusingly described with the factory boys ; his uncomfortable position at school, of which, he characteristically com plains in a letter to his mother as distasteful, since it compelled him to live in a place ' where the sole and universal object of pursuit was trade, the thing which he most abhorred, because it disturbed the train of his romantic vision' — Beem to have tended in the one direction of throwing him more and more back upon himself. Then came the episode of his wanderings, which laid in him the seed of incurable disease ; after which we find him in 1803 at Oxford, a melancholy dreamer, turning his back on the scenes of r-al life, and dwelling with mournful pleasure among the ghosts which his gloomy imagi nation conjured up by day and by night. During the second year of his college life he took opium, at the recommendation of a friend, who had found it effica cious in a case of neuralgia. It was not, however, till 1817, when he was suffering severely from his stomachic complaint, that he began to use it habitually, and gradually in excessive quantities. A presumption is thus raised in favour of Dr. Eatwell's opinion that, De Quincey's disease having become chronic, the continued application of the remedy had become a necessity. De Quincey's own words leave at any rate no doubt that he made use of the narcotic for a medical purpose : — ' I postulate that at the time I began to take opium daily I could not have done otherwise ... the use of the opium would probably never have been promoted into the dignity of a lifelong resource had it not proved itself to be the one sole agent equal to the task of tranquilizing the miseries left behind by the youthful privations. . . . After I had four several times contended against it and renounced it for long intervale, I finally resumed it upon the warrant of my enlightened and deliberate judgment as being of two evils by very much the least.' As to the quantities taken by De Quincey, Dr. Eatwell cites a case in which the patient was given ' three pints of laudanum, besides a consider able quantity of solid opium, in the twenty-four hours.' Considerations of this kind ought to reduce to a minimum the moralizing on the ' weakness ' of De Quincey's moral nature ; his struggles and final victory show in truth an astonishing amount of strength in one who was constitutionally weak and naturally averse to exertion. A more difficult question is that of the effects produced by opium on a constitution so abnormal as that of De Quincey. Others under the influence of narcotics, especially of hashish, have had experi ences similar to his, but most of the symptoms which he describes seem to have been peculiar to himself. The magic potion seems to have stimulated his recol lection to a degree of unuBual vividness ; the inci dents of his childhood and the events of bygone days flashed on him with the brilliancy of lightning. This fancy revealed itself in uncontrollable exuberance; its conceptions assumed a vastness which set at defi ance the limits of time and space, and an ideal colour ing which bordered on the religious. The whole scene was steeped in an atmosphere of the densest gloom, and the dreamer seemed to be labouring for the greater part of the time under a colossal nightmare. Mr. Page calls attention to the fact that ' in the movements of De Quincey's powers there is evidently a remarkable detach ment of the intellect from the dreaming faculty.' This, however, ii 'an ordinary phenomenon of dream life, and not in any way due to the ' ministry of opium.' We have, on the contrary, reason to believe that the exaltation of the imagination under the action of opium is accompanied by a corresponding depres sion of the intellectual powers. De Quincey's literary career dates from the Con fessions, which were published in the London Magazine for October and November, 1821. Encouraged by their success, De Quincey, who had previously failed as editor of the Westmoreland Gazette, contributed a ' series of translations from the German and a series of letters to a young man whose education has been neglected.' In 1830heremovedto Edinburgh, whencehe afterwards removed to Lass wade, within a few miles of the town. Mr. Hogg draws an amusing picture of De Quincey in his study : ?' Boxes of papers filled the corners, and papers lay scattered on every avail able bit of flat surface; books and magazines piled indiscriminately tier on tier against the wall from the floor; his very table so littered as scarcely to allow him a corner to write upon, the available space for this and other purposes being no bigger than a bheet of letter-paper.' He tells also some good stories of De Quincey's propensity for grand literary schemes, which generally ended in smoke, such as his intention to write a ' History of England,' in twelve volumes, when he was over seventy years of age_, and of the inordinate value which he attached to his papers, a weakness which some of his Edinburgh hind ladies attempted, with more or less success, to turn to profit. It is, perhaps, scarcely a matter of regret that some of his MSS. should have been lost, for the li-:t of De Quincey's literary productions, highly creditable to his versatility, is sufficiently large with out them. Like the Bourgeois Gentilhomme, he wrote a good deal of prose without being aware of it. His erudition is undeniable, but it mainly depended on a highly retentive memory ; his subtlety was great, but it was that of a dreamer and generally overshot its mark ; his technical skill as a logician was beyond a doubt ; it would have placed him had he lived in the days of Socrates among the first sophists. Hi6 right to the title of humourist is questionable, though he gives us now and then a pleasant piece of banter and is decidedly droll. His views were narrow and im practicable, and his powers of observation limited ; for he was too much of an egoist and had too little repose to ' allow objects to impress themselves peace fully on him.' After all, one rises from the perusal of his works and the story of his Ufe with the impres sion that he never woke completely from those magni ficent dreams with which his name will always remain associated. — Fall Mall Gazette. 