-.THE- ARCHBISHOP OF CANTERBIJRY ON ENGLISH CHURCH MATTERS. We (Southern Cross) have been reading in the Congrcgationalist some account of the seven visitational addresses to the Primate of Eng land delivered a short time ago to the Cathedral body at Canterbury, and- to. the clergy and churchwardens of the various rural deaneries which, once in four.yearajor so, it., becomes, his duty to convene and instruct, and which this, year have been published in a. volume. ThoBe: who know anything of.-the Archbishop Canter bury would not expect,. as has;been said, to be startled or frenzied by the brilliancy .and con tagious. enthusiasm . of such a . .volume, nor, perhaps,, to be overladen with novel-suggestions, too ponderous for the disposition of the moment; but they , would, no doubt, anticipate something cheerful and kindly in .tone with something generous and.. ., catholic , in .temper, flavoured strongly throughout with strong commons sense. Such expectations , this -agreeable, volume will, not disappoint. Six subjects are: discussed in the seven., essays,", viz. :— Cathedrals, with thoughts of ; their responsibilities, and capabi lities. ;Materialistio Atheism ; Deism ; Union within - the Church ; Union of ." the " Church, with other Christian . bodies without;; .and Practical Christian .Work. - We do not propose , any abstract, of those addresses or .extended, criticism upon them,: but w,isli simply, to ventgre. two or three suggestions which, wo think, they will help, one to make, in regard to the present condition of the Church of England. >It is well known that Dr. Tait is a -moderate, man and churchman, so that whatever he. may: say -or do, and perhapB still-more what he may! strongly advise, may be regarded as lying within rather.than in advance ofor behind, the average drift and current of the body whose highest office lie fills. ' In the light of what he says, then, let us remark. : — . 2\. It would seem that the back current of. England' towards' Rome has been exaggerated : \--"I do not think," says tho Archbishop, "there is the- slightest danger of this country ever becoming Roman Catholic ; I do not think there iB.the slightest danger of this country ever adopting' a. semi-Romanism." Outside of the Romanising, tendencies within the establishment there is surely no suck danger. And if the man who of all mentis in the best position to know, and whose leanings are in a marked manner so far away from Rome as to relieve him of the danger of being semi-blinded to facts, can say this— we take it thankfully as a favour able testimony. 2\. There is evidence that semi-Romanism inside the Church of England has so far failed to make itself anything more,- or other, than a foolish fanatical outbreak against the existing order of things, which gets as little countenance from high quarters as it doeB favour from the intelligent Classes of the people. " ' The people in this country,' says tne-primatc, ' have no lovo for Popery ; they have no love for any thing that approaches. Popery.' He recognises fully the fact that in some parts ' you might go into a church of the Church of England, and suppose yourselves to be in a Romish Church.' But this he distinctly declares to be due to 'the arbitrary will ' of a few clergy, instigated by their own immediate followers. He calls it foolish conduct.' " 3\. It is refreshing to see how decided is the purpose of this ttipst conservative of all Pro testant churches, to adapt itself to the times "by all means to save some." This may he said to be the key-note of all these addresses, which, as aggregated, are modestly entitled " Some Thoughts on the Duties- of the Established Church of England as a National .Church." Dr. Tait starts with the doctrine that "There is no institution that is' net capable of iiqprove- ment," and his-greot-eridsaveur is to point out in the most practical- manner in what way everything — cathedral service, preaching, pas toral labour, teaching, study, and life maybe made no exception to that general rule which is continually under God's blessing, carrying the world " from strength to strength." "We cannot," says he, " stand still." At the same time, very wisely, he suggests : " There may be a great deal of motion without any progress, ana a parish may be constantly in the process of being re- organised, while no real progress may be made in bringing the Gospel of Jesus Christ: home to individual souls." 4\. Everywhere it is insisted on through all these addresses that, above all other things, the great purpose of the organisation of the Church on earth is the salvation of souls. "An appeal to the heart and conscience, .a stirring of the sense of sin, a presenting of Christ in all, His all-sufficient power to save;" is urged as the most effective antidote . of the materialistic atheiBm which, "is in the air." "I am afraid it is not tho logic," he continues, "the soundest and clearest, that will convince the gainsayers. We must reach their hearts in hours of sick ness and approaching death, and when friends are taken from .them ; then, we may find their consciences awake and their hearts open, ready to return to the faith of their childhood, and to believe in the great Redeemer," "The resur rection of Christ," he says again, "was the greatest of all miracles. On this thei whole of Christianity turns. ' The attempt, therefore, to present the .world with a Christianity devoid of the supernatural element, leads to a contradic tion in terns." " It will not be by argument," once more he pleads, "but by the power of the Holy Ghost,, that you will prevail in influencing men's hharts and lives." "He is a good Churchman," agaiu he says -".by the real right of ' chnrchmanship, in that he is a good Christian." " vVe must- test our ministry chiefly," he declares, " by ,the influence which we have npon individual souls, and the way in which We .bring them to Christ. " And he brings to an end his. two addresses on " Union Within," by such faithful words as these : — " Our strength and union will be found in a deep spirit of devotion, leading us ever to realise the sacred. Presence before which we stand, and the awful nature of the issues of our faithfulness or unfaithfulness ; such- devotion to our work will be based- . on . devotion, to our Lord and Master, and on habits of prayer. . . . My friends to study the Scriptures, to be constant in prayer, to be earnest in the dis charge of our work — this is the way to be at one, and being one, by God's blessing we shall prosper." It must be pleasant so every one who loves ..our.. .Lord Jesus Christ,, to find , counsels, so., steejed in the evangelical spirit, tliu3 pervading the ifficial communications., of one occupying, such a position. Fhally, it is something to rejoice, as to find, the successor of Laud speaking so cordially of. those not within the. pale of' the Chnrch of England, as " brother Christians," and that he; should lay down thus the principle which ought, to regulate the intercourse between the Church, . of. England and the Nonconformist bodies:— " There can be no doubt that we artf bound, as Christians, as professing the common faith of Christ, to look out for such opportunities as can be found of acting together for the sake of our common Lord, to be very careful, that we, do. not sacrifice our principles, and that the love of, truth be not forgotten- in charity, but still .filled with Christian charity and love , one for another;" ; . 