The Week. COMPLAINT has been made to us that some of the jury who found the bank defaulters guilty have been threatened, or at least badgered, by certain sympathisers with crime. This, perhaps, is not unnatural. Woodd and Surenne took the bank's money, it is true ; but it is also true that they " put it into cir- culation in the town, and that the publicans and shopkeepers innocently pot the benefit of it. The bank won't feel the loss : it is provided for by the clerk's assurance fund- they have paid the money, and will be none the poorer because it is spent in greasing the wheels of trade." In the same way the waste of the taxpayers' money is justified ; indeed, by a similar train of rea- soning almost any vice could be made to appear virtue. This is on a par with the arguments of some loud-spoken moralists, who compound for sins they are inclined to, By damning those they have no mind to. But jurors must not be threatened, neverthe- less. Crime sympathisers may indulge in sophistication if they please, but the law's strong arm must be called in if jurors are subject to molestation. MR. THORN is not the first martyr to voluntaryism. His self-abnegation in resigning office finds its counterpart in the self-immola- tion of the Hindoo widows. Mr. Thorn has a weakness for widows, and scorns Sam Wellers' advice upon those in- teresting creatures. Both Mr. Thorn and the widows are chargeable with no greater crime than that of courting death prematurely. The late Premier's colleagues convinced him that " the prospect of his struggling through next session was very remote," and he, like the vanquished gladiator, elected to die by falling on his own sword rather than by the thrust of some Opposition dagger. Besides, by resigning he has "earned the thanks of the Liberal party," and by relinquishing the first riddle expects to secure perpetual tenure of the third. So when the Honorable George gave up the ghost as Premier he had One eye on death, and one fall fixed on heaven. IT is consoling to find that " he is as good as good as his word." " We" have been writing desperately for a government billet for months past. " We " have painted the lily and gilded refined gold, until both are unrecognisable. " We" have positively grovelled to the "People's Ministry," and licked the dust from their feet in the hope of getting a gold wardenship. " We " have persistently mis- represented public opinion because we believed "he was as good as his word." But, seriously, it is useless for applicants for government billets to presume to represent public opinion. The indecency of men who perform electioneering services in the hope of future rewards is, however, the most effective antidote to their mischievous designs. Still it may be hoped, nevertheless, that as the Honorable George promised the wardenship, he will be as good as his word-that is, if such wardenship be not a flagrant sinecure. THE southern people try desperately to get up a paying gold-field in their part of the colony. It is the one thing that they still lack, and that lacking broods anxiety for the future. If north should by-and-bye out- balance south in voting power, "Ichabod" will be written on the Brisbane Parliament House. The Thane's Creek gold- field, like Ennogera and Talgai, has proved a failure, but the cause, we may be sure, is not the absence of gold. Dunne, the prospector, has had his hopes blighted-in fact, been thoroughly undone, by the treatment he has received from Warden Pinnock ; and as that functionary will not live for ever there is hope for Thane Creek yet. The loading of the Scottish Hero is pro- ceeding rapidly. Including 200 bales for- warded yesterday by the Vyking, she has now 1500 bales on board, and we learn from the agents (Messrs. Hunter and Co.) that there are 100 bales more in the shed ready for ship- ment. This will leave only about 300 bales to complete her wool freight, and this quantity will probably be received in the course of the ensuing week. Last week 578 bales came to town, though a portion of it went to Sydney, It is expected that the vessel will be ready for sea in about ten days. Her place will be taken by the Scottish Knight, which is ex- pected to reach the wharf this morning. THERE is an old law on the Statute Book passed in convict times, which imposes a heavy penalty upon unlicensed printing. It is not generally known that the publication of a newspaper without previous registration in the Supreme Court subjects the printer or publisher to a penalty of £20 for each offence. The registration is designed to secure pay- ment of such " fine or penalty as may at any time be imposed" upon the publisher, "by reason of any conviction for printing or publishing any blasphemous or seditious libel." The recognizance required is the publisher in £300, and two sureties of £150 each. The pro- prietor of the Copperfield Miner, it appears, has neglected to register his paper, and has thus become the mark of somebody wishing to do a spiteful act. This kind of prosecution is striking below the belt, and we wonder that any respectable attorney consented to become a party to it. The prosecution, if commenced at all, should be under instructions from the Attorney-General, who, we know from ex- perience, never takes action without previous warning. THE Robertson Ministry has at length been brought to a stand by a direct vote of no con- fidence, and has advised the Governor to dis- solve. Sir Hercules Robinson has taken time to consider, and it is not at all unlikely that Mr. Parkes will be called in, with the under- standing that unless he can form a Ministry which will command a working majority. Mr. Robertson and his colleagues will be allowed to appeal. In any case, affairs in the Sydney Parliament cannot be more discreditable than they have been of late. THE Hodgkinson goldfield still takes the lead in public estimation. This is shown in many ways. A hundred and fifty miners, chiefly from Charters Towers, lately arrived at Cairns, en route for the newest of the northern El Dorados ; and the Stanthorpe paper complains that the miners on the border have Hodgkinson on the brain. The sale of mining property affords a still better indica- tion, and some reefs have lately changed hands at good figures. The Mining News reports that two shares were purchased in the Great Britain p.c. for £900 ; two in the Black Ball p.c. for £600 ; one in the Waverley p.c. for £125 ; and a quarter-share in the Pioneer No. 1 East for £200. The latest crushings are also very satisfactory. 