TALES. BLACK SPIRITS AND WHITE. Bv FRANCES ELEANOR TROLLOPE. ! [The right of publication in Australia has been purchased by the proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] Chapter XXXIX. I Sara Lady Lowry, was not given to meditate upon abstract questions, nor ti tlie indulgence of ?unprofitable curiosity as to the hidden causes of any phenomena, social or other, which met her observa tion. Else might she have speculated somewhat as to the kind of life which Dr. lrla^ge the medium led, durinc what may be called the subterranean por tion of his existence ; and have investigated a little the sources of the knowledge he possessed about things interesting to the house of Lowry. Mr. Quickit, indeed, was proved to have given the most important bit of information yet revealed on the subiect of Sir Rupert's will. B'ut Lady Lowry's fai'h in the medium was preserved by an anachron ism. She represented the transaction to herself thus : Dr. Flagge was told of the will by the spirits, and Mr. Quicket confirmed what they said. Whereas the real chronology of the matter was that Dr. Flagge had first heard of the missing will from Mr. Quickit, and the spirits had confirmed what he said. But my Lady clung to a theory which was consonant with her wishes, prejudices, and self-conceit : and the spirit theory flattered all these. She wished her husband to be master of Lowry Place ; she had nursed various prejudices against Mary until they flourished with extraordinary vigour and obstinacy ; and her vanity was gratified by the notion that affection and esteem for herself had mainly moved the spirit of the proud Mid stiff-necked old baronet to communicate with his family. Percy Wigmore observed, with an almost infantine expression of countenance, that ' it had got to be a reg lar mania with Lady Lowry about the spirits, don t you know r' 'Jove!' said he, 'I never was Tvt.e ,surPr*se^ than at her goin' in like that for 'em. 1 kke'etn myself, in moderation, and in a quiet way,' added Percival candidly, as if the spirits in question had been of an alcoholic nature ' But not to go in lor 'em to that extent. It becomes a noosance. And —-and 'pon my soul, a feller might get into a scrape goin' revealin' and accusin', and all that, don't you know r' Mrs. Wigmore demanded of him, with some acer bity of manner, what sort of scrape he imagined the spirits could bring Lady Lowry into ; adding that tor her part she was sure Lady Lowry had the cun of her class— the sort of thing one found in servants and people of that kind, and -was able to take care of herself very perfectly. From which it will be see a that the warmth of the Honorable Alexandrina' s friendship for our Sarah had cooled down to a very low temperature. Still it must not e supposed that Mrs. Wigmore spoke to her friend in anything like the same arctic tone which she used in speaking of her. Mrs. Wigmore was a great deal ? well bred for that. Lady Lowry, on her side, discovered that she had the power of being useful to her high-born friends; and tlie discovery was at once appreciated at its full value by her practical mind. It might suit her to have the Wigmores on a visit at Lowry Place when &he; should be mistress of it : it might suit her for a time, at all events. But if they came there they should be yoked to her triumphal chariot in the sight of all men. Sue would not only patronize the brother and sister-in-law of a real live peer of the realm, but she would be known to patronize them. £arah had made rapid progress in the lore of fashionable society in the course of a few months. But then it must be owned that Nature had provided a very favourable soil for the seeds of this education. Lady Lowry and her experiences with the spirits had become celebrated, and were discussed duiing the winter in many a country-house full of aristocratic visitors. Men talked of the affair in the hunting-field; ladies gave each other new and confidential versions of it over afternoon cups of tea ; and there was scarcely a servants' hall in the kingdom — of any pretensions to quality, that is to say— in which the most astound ing particulars about the Lowry family and Dr. Flagge did not circulate freely. Much agreeably shuddering excitement was developed among the maids. They declined to go about old-fashioned staircases and corridors alone after dark ; and listened greedily to vivid particulars of phantom hands, and spectral faces, and hollow voices, whi h were said to have manifested themselves through the mediumship of Dr. Flagge. These menial persons w^re not suffi ciently cultivated to content themselves with ghosts who merely tapped on tables, or tipped them up, or wrote not very startling messages through the fingers of the medium ; but preferred to have their super natural excitements, like their food and drink, of a strong, not to say coarse, flavour. But whether ' up | stairs, or downstairs, or in my lady's chamber,' the i Lowrys and Dr. Flagge the medium were discussed with immense relish. Mrs. Wigmore achieved a con siderable reputation by the letters which she wrote to one ' nobleman's' or ' gentleman's seat' after another upon the subject. She even received an invitation to spend one week with her aunt, the deaf old Mar chioness Dowager of Dulldrum (who generally snubbed and scolded her, and turned the deafest [ of her two ears to any hint of inviting the Percy Wig mores to Dulldrum), in order that she might tell the Marchioness viva voce all about ' those people who forged the will and were found out by the spirits.' Mrs. Wigmore bitterly regretted that the affair had not happened a little earlier — before the end of the London season in fact ; as in that case it would haye enabled her to pass the autumn in making a round of visits to ' nice ' people, going from house to house in a sort of triumphal progress, and working her dear friend Lady Lowry as an exceptionally rich and almost unexplored mine of gossip. However, she promised herself a great accession of importanr e in the coming season from her acquaintance with the Lowrys. She had really been a prominent figure throughout the case ; had absolutely been the first person to introduce Flagge to Sir Cosmo's house ; had been present at the first seance h* gave there ; and could give authentic and minute particulars at first hand about all the parties concerned. It had really been a splendid opportunity, and Mrs. Wig more was resolved to make the most of it. Meanwhile the family mansion in Green-street was not an altogether pleasant a^ode. Miss Lowry was gone away. Qinone was gone away. Lady Lowry was not as strong as usual in health, and much stronger than usual in obstinacy and self- assertion. Sir Cosmo, with the slow fever of avarice always on him, and with the undeveloped symptoms of another mental malady latent in him— a malady which was more complicated, which combated the other, and which was compounded of anxiety, despondence, and something very like remorse — was unbearably irri table and bitter of tongue. Poor Rosamond regretted the humble contentment of Nelson Place a hundred times a day; for the delight of rustling a long dress over the drawing-room carpet (although undoubtedly seductive) did not compensate to warm-hearted Rosy for the absence of affection and communion of minds. As Papa Czernovic had candidly declared to her ladyship, Green-street was dull — deadly dull. And even tbe visits of Percival Wigmore became pleasant to Rosamond as bringing suggestions and reminis cences of an outside world where there were people who read, and chatted, and ran, and laughed, and loved each other. None of these things took place in Sir Cosmo's house— unless some of them happened in the servants' hall. The experience of life comes to many of us with a11 impression similar to that which we feel on seeing with our bodily eyes scenes and places made familiar to our fancy by pictures and descriptions. Certain general truths are the common heritage of all educated persons, as certain famous 6pots are made known to all the world by pen and pencil. But when we see them for ourselves, thev are at once lik e and unlike to the image formed beforehand in the mind. Thus, although Rosamond had accepted mechanically various philosophic propositions as to the powerless ness of wealth to give contentment, and so forth, yet she undoubtedly felt a good deal of naive surprise at discovering for herself how weary, depressed, and dull it was possible to be in a very long silk gown with a great many flounces ; and that one might pass hours in alternating listlessness and restlessness, surrounded by the most expensive upholstery, and ministered to by attendants accustomed to the best families, j There were long consultations with Dr. Flagge from which Rosamond was excluded, and long colloquies in the library between Sir Cosmo and his wife, which were also kept secret from her. An air of secresy pervaded the comings and g- ings of several persons ' whom my lady admitted to her presence. My lady kept her room a good deal, and passed most of her time on a sofa, and the house was hushed until the very air seemed stagnant. Lady Lowry did net treat her stepdaughter unkindly. She grudged nothing for her material comfort — often, indeed, insisting on more liberality in the matter of her dress, and so forth, than Sir Cosmo was willing to show, and desiring that Lobley hianself should accompany tlie carriage when ever Miss Rosamond Lowry drove out alone with the maid. But there was one circumstance which made it impossible for Rosamond to be on pleasant terms with her stepmother— the circumstance, in a word, that Lady Lowry was herself, and not somebody else ! The days dragged their 6low length al- ng wearily. Rosamond's sole amusement consisted in being taken eut to drive occasionally by Mrs. Wigmore, at the instance chiefly of the good-natured Percival. The Honorable Alexandrina blinked her white eyelashes at Rosamond, and talked t- her with considerable condescension at first. But she soon found that Rosamond was not an agreeable companion. The girl was docile and well-behaved, indeed— silent, too, and a good listener ; but somehow or other Mrs. Wiamore was conscious that she was not making a brilliant impression on her young friend. And then Rosy was not amenable to that process in conversatinal mechanics vulgarly termed pumping, and in which Mrs. Wigmore was an adept. And she had an un ? pleasant and utterly unwordly May of replying straightforwardly to any polite hints of a tortuous nat ure that she would rather not tell so and so ; and that she thought Papa, or Lady Lowry, or Aunt Mary, or Gin ne, as the case might be, would not like her to talk about their private affairs. 'Tut, tut, my dear,' said Mrs. Wigmore to her \ one day, being much discomposed by some plain re- *1 buff of this sort, ' you musn't talk to me in that way. It's bad manners.' ' I'm very sorry,' answered Rosamond flushing. ' I did not mean to be ill- mannered ' , ' I hope not. But as to not liking to talk about private affairs — that sort of thing may be all very well with— with your inferiors and juniors ; but my case is very different.' ' I know you are a great deal older than I am, of course,' said Rosamond. Mrs. Wigmore looked out mistrustfully from under her white eyelashes, but the simple honesty of Rosy's j face could not be mistaken. | ' Certainly I am older than you. Every one who ' is out of their teens is older than you. You are a j mere chit, my dear. And — to return to what I was saying, you have not tact enough, it seems, to make distinctions. You ought to try to acquire a little more savoir fairc. Now Lady Lowry is a very inti mate friend of mine, and has perfect confidcnce in me — perfect.' ' Well then,' said Rosy— not without a touch of malice, for she did not like being called a 'chit:' a girl of fifteen and three-quarters, and in long dresses too! — 'well then, if she is so perfectly confidential with you, she will tell you what you want to know if you ask her yourself, Mrs. Wigmore.' Upon which the Honorable Alexandrina looked out of the carriage window for a quarter of an hour in high dudgeon. She told her husband afterwards that she thought she should have to drop Jhe Lowrys altogether ; for, what with the growing presumption of that vulgar little woman, and the stolid stupidity of that lout of a girl — who positively was not pos sessed of average powers of brain in Mrs. Wigmore' s opinion, and whose bringing up amongst all sorts of savage tribes inhabiting the unexplored and central regions of Bloomsbury had made her perfectly im possible — the whole thing had become a bore and a strain on Mrs. Wigmore's nervous system. All. this, however, was of course only Mrs. Wig more' s way of blowing off (if the phrase may pass} the ill-temper into which Rosy's awkwardness had put her. And Percy quite understood it in tliat sense. He protested, indeed, with some spiiit against the injustice of Alexandrina's next pro ceeding, which was to tax him with being wholly and solely responsible for whatever an noyance she might suffer at the hands of the Lowrys, and he declined to exhibit any concern what ever as to the strained condition of Mrs. Wigmore's nervous system. And indeed it was astonishing what an amount of strain Mrs. Wigmore' s nervouB system had been known to stand when there had been either pleasure or profit to be got by standing it. However this might be, Mrs. Wigmore continued 'to visit Lady Lowry. But she relinquished her drives with Rosamond ; and that young laiv was thenceforward only allowed to look at the world from the windows of the house in Green-street, or from behind the railings of a certain spot in the Park where 6he paced up ft d down daily for an hour in tne congenial company of Lady Lowrv's maid, Miss Moore But one day she received a sudd-n and delightful shock of surprise from the following announcement made to her by Laiy Lowry : ' You will be ready to travel next week, Rosamond. I have given Moore orders what things to pack for you. We are. going to Elcaster.' ' Oh ! '—a long-breathed, joyful exclamation ? 'ti Aunt Mary !' ' Well, — we shall see. We are not going to stay actually in Lowry Place just at first. liut I think, ? and your papa thinks,— that it is desirable for ub to be on the spot.' I Chapter XL. A very brief consideration of all the circumstances sufficed to convince Dr. Flagge that there was no reason on earth why CEnone should possess a mono poly in dreams. Flagge said to himself that he could dream too. He would not betray ' Kony s ' confi dence, but— he would dream a dream. Indeed it demanded no ingenuity aad little cunning to invent 6uch a dream as CKnone's ; for the walnut desk had figured largely in all Lady Lowry's talks and conjec tures on the subject of her father-in-law's will. That repository was quite sure to be searched whenever the missing will should be sought for. He could not help perceiving all this, and yet— explain it who can — it is certain that Dr. Obadiah Flagge the medium clung with supei6titious credulity to CEnone' s dream, and more than half believed it to be a supernatural reve lation. But meanwhile it was necessary to prosecute his trade with vigour ; and Dr. Flagge no more per mitted his vague faith in the supernatural visitant of (Enoi-e's visions to interfere with the practical con duct of life than a great many other much more respectable persons allow their creed to override their greed. He was not apt to waver, or deliberate irresolutely, and a course of action having presented itself to ms mind, he proceeded to carry it out without delay. ' Look you here, fair lady,' said he to Sarah, ' the developments are assooming a character of lofty eleva tion and sensational interest, such as I do not remem ber of ever having experienced before.' He was sitting in Lady Lowry's boudoir. There was a huge fire, and my lady was reclining on a sofa ?with a fur rug over her. The atmosphere of the room was dim, fragrant, warm, and altogether con ducive to drowsiness. And in fact my lady had been taking a nap after luncheon. No ordinary visitor would have been admitted to disturb her ; but Dr. Flagjje was privileged, and enjoyed the entree. ' Is there anything new? ' demanded my lady, raising her head a little higher by means of a cushion. ' Why. yes ; there's a good deal that's new. My organism has been, aB it were, taken possession of bjr a certain spirit, in a way which is unparalleled in the whole of my psychical experience. The influence is uncommon powerful— most uncommon powerful.' ' But does it say anything positive ? Does it give you anything to take hold off Sir Cosmo says he's quite tired of talk, and should like to see 6ome facts. And I mu4 say I consider Sir Cosmo to be quite right there.' Flagge looked at her with a cool, keen, slightly contemptuous glance nor did he take pains to dis guise the slight contempt that was in it. He flattered himself that he understood the fair Sarah Lowry very thoroughly. ' Well I guess some folks don't know a fact when they see it,' sail he. ' A stiffer, tougher bit o' fact than Quickit' s witness to the will, I don't know as I ever came across. But I understand all about it, Lady Lowry. I ain't going 'to say that you are un reasonable. You're a lady of remarkable' strength of mind and force of character. There are transcendental elements, too, that surround the rugged force of practical abilities with a gem-like halo in your case, ma'am. But there are other naturs not so fort'nately amalgamated up : naturs full of material alloy, to ?which the impalpable influences of an unseen world appeil in vain. So Sir Cosmo wants facts, does he ? Why, there's facts as cannot be weighed and measured in material balances, lady, but which nevertheless are full of fateful force. You can't weigh out evidence by the pound ; but it's heavy enough sometimes to turn almost any scale. You apprehend this, lady r ' ' Of course I do,' returned Sarah, with a little extra emphasis, resulting fiom some secret doubts in her own mind as to whether she did apprehend it or not. ' Well. I tell you that when I am asked for facts, and talked to 'bout facts, and taunted with producing no facts, I feel like giving up the whole thing in dis gust.' ' Oh, don't talk like that, Dr. Flagge.' ' Well, lady, it revolts the feelings to be continually dunned at for facts. It turns the sympathetic cur rents of your natur back upon yourself, and leads you to tbe inquiry why in thunder you should loaf around one 'special ifam'ly, and devote the highest psycho logical developments of an exceptionally gifted organ ism to their all- fired kettle of fish without a corre sponding compensation ; yes, ma'an.' ' Oh, well,' returned my lady stolidly, as being somewhat brought to bay, ' but von have been paid, Dr. Flagge. You know you have.' ' Why, I have received a sum stipulated before hand, in return for a very valuable and extraordinary piece of information. How far my time has been remunerated, reckoning it a guinea an hour, which I can procure without difficulty from the enlightened and aristocratic members of fashionable society, and be cracked up with the most exalted appreciation over and above, is a question which I will not require you to answer — to me. Put it to yourself, lady, and judge of the purity of my motives for pursuing these inquiries.' ' I suppose it answered your purpose in some way or other, or else vou wouldn't nave bothered your Belf.' ' That'6 what Sir Cosmo says, is it r' My lady looked up surprised. ' Oh, I recognize his note well enough. Sir Cosmo is a gentleman of refined education, but he's no more transcendental than those chimney pots. You are organized different. And I'll tell you what, lady ; if it wasn't for having found in you sympathies oi a superior and immaterial kind, the spirits would no more have manifested themselves in this house than you'd go and visit around in St. Giles's.' ' Well, I have told Sir Cosmo that he may thank me if Sir Rupert has revealed as much as he has.' 'Yes, Iadv; that is a sunlight truth. The spirits have been treated by other members of this family in a manner calculated to raise the dander of a sensitive organisation.' «« I've said so to Sir Cosmo over and over again.' ' And where the moral atmosphere is not congenial, the spirits will not produce developments of any value ; they'll see you— further first.' ' I'm sure I'm very boxtv if the spirits have had their feelings hurt, but it jias not been my doing. And I think they ouaht to have tense enough to know the difference, I can't be responsible for every body, though as the mistress of the house I seem to be expected to be. But I am fully acquainted with the duties of my position, and if the spirits will muddle everybody up together I cannot help it. I have the comfort of knowing that I am not in any way to blame,' said ray Jadv with a slow and steady outpouring of words. Whatever might be mv lady's veneration for and sympathy with spirits, she reserved the strongest manifestations of those qualities in this as in eve y other case for herself. Flagge proceeded to justify what he called the purity of his motives on the grounds that although be had got something by interpreting the utterances of Sir Rupert Lowry, utterances of a nature highly benevolent towards my lady, and likely to be sub stantially beneficial to Sir Cosmo, yet he might mean while have been getting more by inteipreting the utterances of other and more frivolous spirits, who had no scope in view save the amusement or bewil derment of various fine ladies and gentlemen. 'And if taking one dollar where you might be getting two ain't purity, I should like to know what is,' said Dr. Flagge. He then inquired whether any steps had been taken in earnest to seek for the will, and was told that Miss Lowry had expressed her anxiety to have a thorough search made in Lowry Place. Flagge shook his head sceptically. He had not much belief, he said, in the anxiety of any heir to find a document which might disinherit him. And then— Miss Lowry was a parti cularly fdrthly and material -minded person, and the spirits on the whole had but a poor opinion of her. Now Lady Lowry's faith in the spirits was estab lished on the broad and rational basis of their ex pre sed high estimate of herself; and scarcely anything could have enhanced that faith so much aB their expressing a low estimate of Marv. ' Well,' said she, ' I should wish to be guided by Sir Rupert's advice. But what can we do ? I believe it's against the law for us to Bearch the premises our selves without Mary's leave. And a very shameful law it seems to me'.' ' Couldn't you be present, anyhow ?' 'Well — I — you see Mary has not asked us. Sir Cosmo did say something about running down to Clevenal in the spring weather.' ' In the spring : Why, there's time enough between now and what you could call spring weather in this climate for — for anything to happen to the will, sup posing it's in that house.' My lady turned pale. ' La !' she exclaimed faintly. ' Why— what do you mean ?' ' Well, the house might be burned down and the will with it,' returned Flagge, drily. 'I tell you I have had revelations of a startling character.' ' La !' ejaculated my lady again, and her eyes grew rounder and rounder. ' Yes ; but I ain't a-going to impart them gratis, Lady Lowry. If Sir Cosmo and I can make a deal — good. If not, I've made up my mind to go abroad.' ' Go abroad?' ' Yes ; the season here don't begin till May or April. Everything's very flat and dull now. The aristocratic classes, with whom I chiefly sympathise — not from any servile prejudices, for I am a Republican who has snuffed the iree air of the Western prairies, and scorn the feudal trammels of an effete civilisation, but because I find their minds refined up to the point of appreciating the phenomena of spiritism, and paying for 'em— well there's scarce any of 'em in London. So I've made up my mind to go across to Paris. There's a field there. I can have letters to the fashionable world there from the Honorable Lady Wigmore and from others. I may go on to Italy afterwards. Florence or Nice or Rome or Naples might suit me. There's a good deal of gaiety amongst the English and Americans in those southern cities, and I've observed, as a general rule, that, wherever peonle have nothing to do but amuse themselves, the spirits are popular. It's a beautiful law of nature when you come to think of it. Directly the sordid business of life recedes into the background, the soul kind of hankeis after spiritual pabulum. And I can give it 'em.' Sarah was aghast at all this. The idea of Flagge' s leaving London and going away out of 'her reach had not occurred to her as probable. And he spoke now in anasBured, easy, cool manner, neither too emphatic nor too careless, which persuaded her that he meant what he said. ' Oh, but it wouldn't suit me at all for you to go away before this business is settled !' she cried, with a blunt directness caused by surprise. Flagge shrugged his shoulders. ' At all events not before you've told what these 'startling revelations ' are,' pursued Sarah. ' Well, Sir Cosmo Lowry has got a certain amount of information already ; and he's got it dirt cheap, too. P'raps that may be enough for him. If it turns out 60, all the better.' ' No, but I want to have you here to help me to keep Sir Cosmo up to the mark,' persisted my lady, ? ' Because I know how it mil be if the thing's let to dawdle on, and he isn't spurred up ; it'll just die off i altogether. There will be some sort of a search made in Lowry Place, and nothing will be found, and then Sir Cosmo will turn round on me and say I've been humbugeed, and the spirits are bosh, and then nothing will induce him to take any more trouble about it, and there'll be an end !'' ' I guess that's so. You've about stated the case, lady. The perceptive faculties of the feminine intel lect are awful quick, and desperate 'cute,' returned Flagge quietly. ' And so we're to sit down tamely, me and mine, cheated out of our property, and Sir Rupert, poor dear old gentleman, not able to rest in his grave ! It's very easy to talk so coolly about it, Dr. Flagge, but I should consider it downright wicked and irreligious to give everything up in that milk-and-water manner, and so I tell you.' My lady in her energy had sat upright on the sofa, and what with the heat of the evening, the heaviness of the fur-rug, and moral indignation, her cheeks were burning red, and her eyes glittered. 'Well, you'll see what'il come of the search in Miss Lowry's house. It may be satisfactory, you know.' ' Oh no it won't ! You 6aid yourself that— that anything might happen to the will when there's none of us there to overlook things. I'm sure you think there'll be foul play.' ' Stop, lady ! I wouldn't have the unpremeditated outpouring of a fervid temperament betray you into saying anything that might lead into an action for damages. 'Foul play' is one of those expressions which the cold administrators of terrestrial laws are apt to object to pretty strong — it's libellous, lady, that's a fact.' 'Why, you said so!' replied my lady a little glumly. ' I'm prepared to take my oath I didn't— so there would be a disagreeable discrepancy in our evidence, if it came to that.' ' Upon my word, Dr. Flagge ? ' ' It's best to be plain and clear on some points. The element of vagueness is delightful, but it may be carried too far. especially whilst we're living under the conditions of this earthly sphere. Look here, Lady Lowry. you can just set before Sir Cosmo Lowry, Baronet, the following facts : — I've got fresh information ; I'm prepared to impart it on moderate terms. I cant afford to waste my time in London any longer ; if he offers a suitable remuneration to me for assisting to ferret out the missing will, by spiritual revelations and material investigation, I'm willing to pursoo the inquiry. I've helped him to somethins tangible before, and may again. As to the respect due to the wishes of his late father, and the dooty of carry 'ng out his real testamentary arrange ments, you'll say as much or as little of that as vou think fit. It don't matter a red cent to me what Sir Cosmo's individual opinion of me may be. There ain't anv magnetic sympathies between our organiza tions, and when I have to deal with the unspiritually minded I make it a rule to do so on the basis of dollars, or whatever may be the currency of the country in which I am located for the time being. I shall remain in London till the end of the current week. After Sunday next it will be too late to negotiate.' ' Sunday next ? Dear me, that's very soon !' ' Well, I guess it ain't very long first ; no. But I am rapid in my resolutions 'and in my actions. I have careered along the interminable plains of the Far West mounted upon the fleetest steeds of the warlike Appanawchees, and soriething of their fierce and lightning swiftness has entered into my blood, lady,' said Dr. Fiagge in the very slowest and most melancholy of drawls, and with a face and attitude expressive of hopeless languor. ' And see here, I want you to lend me your car riage every morning for the next few days.' Lady Lowry stared in genuine amazement. ' Lend you my carriage ! ' she cried. ' Oh, dear, I hardly think I could do that ' ' Well, I reckon you could ; — yes.' ' But— what to do? — where to go ? ' ' Well, to come to my house every morning, say at I I o'clock, and drive for one hour in the Regent's Park.' ' Goodness ! I never heard such a strange request ! ' ' I am emancipated from the trammels of a hollow conventionality, lady ; and when I want a thing I go right ahead to get it.' ' And should you drive about Regent's Park by yourself every morning?' asked Lady Lowrj% after a minute or so of perplexed meditation. ' 'Tain't for myself at all. It's for Nony.' ' Miss Balasso !' almost ehriked Lady lowry. ' Then I positively refuse. And I wonder how you can think of asking me such a thing. Little un grateful hussy ! She left my house in the mo.-t abominable wa)', and brought a dreadful old foreign man here to insult me before the servants. You can ask Lobley what he was. Why he actually made bows to my footman and housemaid before my face ! Low bows !' It was a queer and characteristic trait of the ac complished Mrs. Bolitho's training that, after stating old Czernovic to have insulted herself, Sarah con sidered that a further climax of horror could be reached by declaring he had been civil to her ser vants. ' Possible ? Why on'y think ! Well, I can con ceive of it's having riled a ladv accustomed to the refined and polished inter-communications of the wealthy and the great. But respecting the carriage, lady, I want to have j'ou do this thing a little for me, and a good deal for yourself.' ' I feel quite certain that it won't do me the least good to lend Miss Balasso my carriage,' answered Lady Lowry emphatically. ' Why, it might now. Nony's out of health a good deal— so much as to have lost in part her mediumistic power. If she gets real sick it'll go altogether, and — I don't mind telling you that it's from her I have derived the most important communications from Sir Rupert.' ' What, lately?' ' Well, within a comparatively recent period. She'll get back the power entirely if she can have air and gentle exercise without fatigue. Sir Rupert has a very remarkable sympathy with Nony.' 'It seems to me that you have a very remarkable symrathywith her, Dr. Flagge,' returned my lady, 6taring at him. 'And it's more than I have, lean tell you.' ' Well, see here, I can't undertake to carry this investigation through without the assistance of a first rate sensitive. You're a lady of a powerful grasp of mind, and you ain't a-going to allow your personal feelings to interfere with your interests. If sending your carriage to take a young girl a drive in an unfrequented locality at an unfashionable hour will assist your views, and forward the carrying out of a sacred dooty, I guess you're going to send that carriage.' 'Dr. Flagge, I can't do it; I really can't ! Just consider my servants, I put it to you— for although you do not belong to my set, you have some experi ence of society — I simply put it to you, what do you suppose Lobley would think ?' A very vigorous and c mprehensive devotion of Lobley and all his compeers to the infernal deities, expreesed in the raciest idiom of New England, was with difficulty suppressed by Dr. Flagge. He stood silent for a few minutes looking at Lady Lowry, mentally opposing her dull cunning with his keen cunning, her thick-blooded obstinacy with his nervous eagerness. Finally, he Baid, ' You rent your carriage and horses, don't you !' 'What?' 'You hire 'em, — they ain't yotir property r' ' Sir Cosmo has not purchased an equipage for me yet Just for the present, we thought ? ' 'Now then, see here. You write a line to the stableman you deal with, and tell him to send round a nice trap with one horse, to be at my door at 1 1 o'clock to-morrow morning. Your servants don't need to come, nor know anything of the matter. I require Nony's assistance, and if Nony's to give it she's got to get stronger. And if you like to put it so, I'll ac cept the use of your carriage as part payment for my self ; but it's got to be sent, and there's no two ways about it.' And so the matter was agreed upon ; my lady, how ever, making inviolable secrecy a sine qua nan for her fulfilment of the bargain. For, as she said, it wasn't so much that she minded making this con cession to Miss Balasso, after Miss Balasso's conduct to her, but it was the look of the thing which would be so bad if it were known. And when Flagge was gone, she had a rather stormy interview with her husband, which resulted in that determination to be 'on the spot ' which she communicated to Rosamond, recorded ill the last chapter. Chapter XLI. It must not be supposed that Clevenal was so ' remote, unfriended, melancholy, slow,' as not to have enjoyed its share of Sir Rupert's will. The Sydenham Spencers knew all about it ; Mrs. Scars dale, the naval officer's wi low, talked it over with the vicar's wife ; and it was a standing and substantial dish of gossip at every tea table in Clevenal and Elcaster. Mr. and Mrs. Flint had rather a hard time of it in those days. ' I really know nothing of the matter,' Mrs. Flint ?would say majestically. ' What notions the present Lady Lowry may have taken into her head I cannot tell. Nor does it appear to me to be of much consequence' Upon which some curious and disappointed female friend would exclaim. ' Oh, but you have been amongst them all up in London. Mrs. Flint ! You surely must know whether it s true that Lady Lowry has taken to spiritualism, and had all sorts of things revealed to her by a medium ; and whether she attacked Miss Lowry before a whole roomful of people, and threatened to go to law with her ; and whether Sir Cosmo hunted out a witness— brought him back from Australia or America, some say — to swear that Sir Rupert made a will just before he died, leaving Lowry Place and all the settled property to his son !' All of which was unspeakably annoying to Mrs. Flint. Her husband was not assailed so directly ; 0r, if he were, he could intrench himself behind the pro fessional etiquette which forbids a lawyer to chatter about the affairs of his clients. But still Mr. Samuel Flint by no means escaped the hearing of much gosBip that vexed and troubled him. ' It disgusts me with human nature, Bertha,' said Mr. Flint to his wife, ' to see the eagerness with which all this miserable business of the Lowrys is seized upon and discussed by people.' ' The world will talk, Samuel. And the Lowrys hold, and have held for generations, a position which makes them persons of mark in the county. If Mr. Sydenham Spencer died, and there was any dispute about his will, I don't know that it would become matter for public comment.' 'The worst of it is, that which gives zest to the scandal is the suspicion ? ' ' Suspicion, Samuel !'* ' Yes ; the suspicion of— of Bome unfair dealing— of foul play in short,' replied Mr. Flint, unconsci®usly echoing my lady's phrase. ' It makes me sick to see the eagerness with which people fasten on it, and fatten on it, like crows on carrion. Would it be so if news came that Sir Cosmo had begun to treat his sister with fraternal confidence and affection : Or that Mary was going to mary a duke ?' ' I'm sure they'd talk enough about that, Samuel.' 'Perhaps; but they wouldn't enjoy it so much! Ugh! Envy, hatred, ' malice, and all uncharitable ness.' ' Samuel, what could be expected when Sir Cosmo married that woman ?' If the plague had broken out in Clevenal village, or a thunderbolt destroyed the church, I am afraid that Mrs. Flint would have attributed the disaster to that terrible mesalliance of Sir Cosmo Lowry. To Mary herself there came but few and faint glimpses of the excitement which her family affairs were causing in the neighbourhood. She lived now in the old house much as she had lived in it in her father's time. Of course there was a great difference between the position of a dutiful daughter, living under the authority of atyrannous old man, and that of thesole mistress of Lowry Place, of the grounds which sur rounded it, and the dependents who lived in it. But it was a difference which made itself felt very quietly, and was hardly visible to a stranger's eye. Few strangers came to behold the difference— few persons outside of Miss Lowry's household, that is to say ; for of real strangers, in the full sense of the word, very few ever came to Clevenal, and none to Lowry Place. The 'county families' called on her, driving over in state, and paying short and for.iial visits. There was nothing new in this. The long seclusion ia which Mary had lived during the latter part of her father's life had prevented her from being on intimate terms with any of her neighbours. But she was Miss Lowry of Lowry, and hitherto had done nothing to forfeit the respect due to that position. She had done nothing to forfeit it, so far as the county families knew. To be sure, there were ugly rumours afloat. People talked of some trickery con ce'ning a will. Some said that Sir Rupert had lost his strength of mind towards the last, and had Vial undue pressure put upon him by his daughter as to the disposition of his pro perty. It is true that he might have left her everything he had in the world — except the bit of entailed land which was worth nothing — because Mary Hovendtn's marriage settlement had left a dis cretionary nower in the hands of the surviving parent as to which of her children should inherit the pro perty, and in what proportions. But then that would have been going too far. And, after all, though Sir Rupert might be childish to a certain degree, yet there had probably been a point at which he would have resisted, had he been urged too far. It was a queer business altogether. But the Lowrys were a queer family, and always had been. However, as they had been settled at Clevenal since before the Conquest, it behaved peonle to treat Miss Lowry with civility — at all events for the present. And as to Lady Lowry, if she should come to live axong them, it would then be time enough to decide how to treat her. And of course if she canae one must call on her, if it were only to ascertain what she was like— mustn't one ? Mr. Flint had to fight a great many battles, and to exercise a great deal of self- restraint and discretion in the midst of the various currents of opinion. He was a popular man in his way, and personally acquainted with half the county ; and, moreover, he was known not only as the lawyer, but as the friend, of the late baronet and Mb daughter. He was loyal and stanch in his championship of Mary ; but he felt that a too loud | and eager championship of her would be injudicious. There are some accusations which it is wise to ignore unless they are made with unmistakable openness It would have been very dreadful to Mr. Flint to ha^e to declare that Mary Lowry was a well-principle^! honest woman, incapable of a lie or a theft ! Would your chosen friend deem you very loyal to his honour and reputation if you vaunted him behind his back as one who might certainly be relied on never to cobnut a felony ? And the place which Mary Lowry held in old Samuel Flint's esteem and affection was such as to make it painful to him — and very acutely painful— to have to admit that a defence of her against vague calumny might possibly become necessary. He had held her up as a paragon among women : pre-eminent in beauty, and goodness, and sense There had been perhaps a little jealousy in the breasts of some of their Elcaster cronies at the intimacy of Mr. and Mrs. Flint in Lowry Place. For although there w® scarcely a man or woman in the little town w would not have found it very disagreeable to sit at dinner there whilst Sir Rupert lived, yet there were almost equally few who would not have it very agreeable to say they had done so. Ihe Lowrys of Lowry were big people in their own com® of the earth. . , . One ray of comfort came to Mrs. Flint in the ml(y, of her troubles about Mary, from the fact that the ol Countess of Elcaster and my lord her son were spend' ing the winter at Elcaster House, and that the Countes had struck up something like an intimacy with M-1 Lowry. The Earl of Elcaster was a rather dull of five-and-forty, who had devoted the energies or character from an early age to thrse pursuits ww are compendiously included under the name of t turf.' It was not very often that he honour Elcaster House with a long visit. But this 5'ear had been ill ; and during the weakness of a slow co valesence had yielded to his mother's 'wish t she should carry him down to Clevenal, the1®, live quietly and breathe the country air, until 6U time as he should feel strong enough to travel to the south of Italy. People say that the Bails illness was due to mental rather than physical causes. Some declared that he had not been ill at all ; merely cast down by heavy losses on the turf during the late autumn meetings. He had truly lost a good deal of money— a good deal of money even for an Earl of Elcaster. But his losses had not been so fatal as to break hi'm down. A sharp attack of rheumatic fever had in truth more to do with prostrating his lordship's strength than the tremendous fasco of that celebrated daughter of Atalanta by (Eolus, on whose fleetness he had staked— and lost— a large 6um of money. When Miss Lowry returned to her home from London, there were the mother and son living in her imme diate neighbourhood, and the old Countess, aB has been said, struck up something like an intimacy with Lady Elcaster was a thin, sharp -tongued old lady who had been a great beauty in her youth, and of the world worldly. She was of ancient lineage, but poor ; and when she condescended to accept several hundred thousand pounds, clogged with a plebeian husband (he was not Earl of Elcaster in those days, and his father was a brewer), she set about making amends to her private feelings for the sacrifice, by consistent and haughty insolence to every one— her husband in cluded — whose pedigree was not as good as her own. Her only son Basil inherited rather his father's temperament than hers, much to her ladyship's chagrin. He displayed the roughest indifference to the claim of rank and fashionable society ; and when ever he particularly desired to punish his mother for some sarcastic speech would discourse by the hour about his grandfather the brewer, and relate a favourite anecdote of how he had discovered a second cousin of his own in the village shopkeeper who supplied hie trainer with soap and candles. Nevertheless, it may be believed that my Lord Elcaster had quite as high an estimate of his claims on the consideration of the world as his lady mother had of hers. ' I'm sorry we hare not been better acquainted a^l these years, Miss Lowry,' said the Countess on the occasion of her first visit to Lowry Place. 'But I have not been a great deal at Clevenal ; and then — to tell the truth — Sir Hupert always snubbed us a little !' ' My father Baw very few people, and no strangers, Lady Elcaster. He was disinclined for society in his latter years.' ' Yes, yes ; no doubt. I understand. Well — we all have our troubles. But I hope that you and I may be good friends. It will be charitable of j'ou to come and see an old woman.' Mary did not, perhaps, feel much inclined to let her charity flow out in the direction of Elcaster HouBe. But the Countess had taken a fancy to Miss Lowry ; and the Countess when she took a fancy into her head was not apt to be easily turned aside from gratifying it. 'I* don't know when I've seen anything so thoroughbred, Basil,' said the old lady to her son. ' She's perfectly delicious, with that stately turn of the head, and that apparent unconsciousness of self in all her movements which is the most difficult thing in the world to acquire, especially for a beauty.' 'We don't want her here,' growled Basil, whose taste in women lay by no means in the direction of the ' stately ' and ' thoroughbred ' sort. ' I want her. And I mean to have her. I cannot stand these Clevenal creatures, my dear. Miss Lowry iB at least delightful to look upon. Do you know that I had a severe bilious attack after the visit of that Mrs. Spencer Sydenham, or Sydenham Spencer, or whatever the woman's name is? I attribute it entirely to her green and yellow gown.' Lady Elcaster knew Mr. Flint very well. He had been employed on various business connected with that part of her son's property which lay in the neighbourhood of Clevenal. And the next time she saw Mr. Flint, 6he talked to him about Mary Lowry. 'And what is she going to do ? She can't live there all alone. It would be preposterous. They tell me she's thirty, But that's nothing. She's a great deal youngerthan many girls I know, of three-and-twenty, who have hacked'themselves out, season after season. And as to beauty — I'm sure in the days of chivalry Lowry Place would have been besieged by an army of knightB, eager to carry off such a princess !' ' The princess will 'take care to have a say of her own in the matter of the carrying off, Lady Elcaster.' ' Is there any one ? Any favourite knight in the field, ehr' 'Not that I know of. Indeed, -eo far as I am aware, there are no besieging knights at all. I only meant that Miss Mary will be likely to have a strong opinion of her own in that as in most other matters. She is the most admirable lady in the world — goodness itself ! And I've known her from a child. But she has her share of the Lowry strain in her ; and the Lowrys have never been 'very malleable in their natures.' ' Humph ! the present man seems weak enough ! To think of his making two such marriages ! And they say this dairymaid whom he has taken for his second wife has him completely under her thumb. Not that I know anything about it.' ' Sir Cosmo is very different from his Bister,' re turned Mr. Flint gravely. ' I should think so. I wonder Bhe never married. Although, to be sure, her father almost kept her under lock and key as if she had been a real princess in a fairy tale. He was a terrible tartar, that old Sir Rupert !' 'He was a very old friend of mine, Lady ElcaBter.' ' Oh, I don't mean to disparage him. People have to be tartars sometimes. And it was enough to sour his temper, the way that son of his behaved. The Lowrys have good blood in their veins.' ' Some of the best blood in England, Lady Elcaster.' Something of this conversation was revealed to Mrs. Flint by her husband ; and the good lady felt a gleam of comfort, 'You may depend on it, Samuel, that Lady Elcaster wants Mary for her daughter-in-law,' said Mrs. Flint. ' I should be sorry to ' depend ' on anything so unsubstantial as that notion, my dear.' ' I feel a conviction that it is so, Samuel. And where could she do better for her son ? Lord Elcaster is an earl, and a wealthy earl, but I don't know that he could do better than marry Mary Lowry if lie searched all England through from one end to the other.' ' Do better ? No ; but I scarcely know where she could do worse ?' ' I should prefer Sir Thomas on tbe whole, cer tainly,' replied Mrs. Flint with an air of candour. Sir Thomas was the landed proprietor whom Mrs. flint had entered on the tablets of her mind as the second possible candidate for Miss Lowry's hand. And after that Mr. Flint said no more. But Mrs. Flint in the pride of her heart, and smart ing under the sting of several disagreeable speeches 'which had recently been made to her about 'her dear friends, the Lowrys,' could not refrain from dropping a hint here and there to the effect that it ?Would be Miss Lowry's own fault if she didn't wear a coronet before long. And thus there was added an additional tit-bit to the already unusually succulent dish of gossip prepared by kind Fortune for the delec- I tation of Elcaster, Clevenal, and the adjacent parishes, | Meanwhile Mary was living in her old home with a heavy heart and a weary spirit. Life seemed very hopeless and sunless to her, and certainly the pros pect of becoming Countess of Elcaster would not have availed to brighten it, had such an idea entered her head. It had not entered her head. Neither, it may be said, had it entered Lord Elcaeter's head. Thus, as it often happens, the two principal parties concerned in the matter were the only two persons in the whole countryside who were ignorant of the destiny arranged for them by the public voice. As to the old Countess, she was not without a dim and floating idea on the subject. But she kept the idea to herself, feeling that any open interference on her part | would be highly injudicious. It must not be sup posed that Lady Elcaster had any defined plan of | inducing her son to marry Miss Lowry. But the thought certainly had crossed her mind that the airangement might be a good one. Basil was no longer young. It was time he should marry, and highly desirable that he should marry a 'nice' person. Basil had displayed a taste for persons who were not ' nice.' That was an evil at which his mother was able to shrug her shoulders very philosophically ; but unfortunately he had once upon a time manifested symptoms of intending to make a peison who was by 110 means ' nice ' the Countess of Elcaster. His mother had had a terrible fright on that occasion, which she had never forgotten. Now Providence seemed to have thrown this hand some, stately, well-born woman in Basil's way, and if Basil Would but pro lit by the chance, his mother acknowledged to herself that she should be satisfied with such a daughter-in-law as Mary Lowry. Twenty years ago she might have been more exigent in the matter of money ; and, perhaps, of title. But Basil was 45, and then the old lady remembered their narrow escape from the person who was so far from ' nice.' That any opposition might come from Miss Lowry — that certainly had not entered Lady Elcaster' s head. 