GREEN PASTURES AND PICCADILLY.* A NEW TALB ' WILLIAM BLACK. [?] CuAfTBU XXXIV.— A COMIXKTB DteNBt 6T There were two people tt&ndiig; ai * wiu&ov; and looking abroad over the trenbW waters © Lake (foorge— or Lain Horioan, as they pwfeire ?Publnhod hy- tptolrt MTMtttmenU wltfc. ttt« author. AU' t%bw renrve^ ' to eaH it— en t&n; colorless aad thtxrks&tDiXjing; pie-scena was a aad one enmgft,-. For faraway. - |ho fiilb were pale under the deadearity; an3 ', [hera were white mitts stealing over the tmbte \ loneta, and the green nlaods lay deaoiate in tie ; midst of the leaden sea that plashiod coldly *»* ibeir Btony. shores. Were they thmkiog— QuySt two — as they watched the moorafal grej* of tte ' morning, change and interchange with the coming : and goiDg of the rain-dcads—thai tie, great; mother Uatnxe waa herself weeping for her i$& ', children gone away for erer from this eotfeary lake and these silent woods? This was-tkeir. domain. They had fished in these waters— {bey had hidden in these dense foresta from the glare of the sun— for ages before the ruthlees wn&x; had come from over the ceas. Ox waa it ef a later race that these two were tMnlipu-Tct j persona and deeds that had fixxt become famffiar : to them in the pleasant summer-time— as :i£o yacht fay becalmed on- the.goldea afteracoas— . with the moontaina of SJrje grown mystical in Qte , perfect stilhies3 1 Was it of Joditb Hatter, for , example, and Harry. Harry, and the Mlbro? Uncas, who had somehow got themselves eo mizeci . np with, that idling voyaga that, one almost' imagined the iohabiiaata of TobexBioiy wdnld -be found to address one aa a pale-faea when tta, vessel drew near the shore? One of the fr»o spoke. 'I think,' eaid aha eldwly — but there was a peculiar proud light in her eyes — ' I thiak I , might thia very minute telegraph to Mr. Balfbnr io coma right over by the next steamer.* s ' The companion of this person waa net in tie habit of expressing surprise. Ho had 'got acsns_ totned to the swiit and occult denees of hex ssal] and subtle brain. If the member for Eaglefcury had at that moment arrived, by eosch^aod walked', up the front stepa of the hold, ha would have betrayed no astonishment whatever. S- k&' merely said — -.-'. 'Why?' ;' ' You will see,' she continued, ' that tier fust thought about this lake win be iia likeness to Eoma other hike that she has known. She is always looking back to England. last night sho spoke most cheerfully about going home. It Mr. Ealfeor were suddenly to meet xa at Moaf tieal— ' ' Have you telegraphed to himf demands tie other sternly ; for he is never sore aa to tha madnesa of -whieh this woman 13 capable, 2C-1 . 'Not written to him V ? \, . 'No.' .-];' ' Tlien don't be a fool. Do you mean to say that two people who find their married life so- unbearable that they most needs separata ant si once to bo reconciled because one of them takes a. trip across tho At Ian tie? Ia that your remedy for married misery — your salt- water cure — thirty guineas return, with three pound & head far Uta wino bill V . .(. ' It waa only ono of them who wished for ft separation,' saya thia geada schemer, witi a happy smile, ' and alrtidj she knows a Hitlei tik what ceporatioa is like. Don't I see it ? Afid Iko further wo go — the mora varied thinga we sse— X' know that her heart ia yearning ell the mere to ©£ back to its home. She speaks now of New York as if it were continents and iv-ntiiw»*i away. Ii is not a question of time — and of year tfeirte ? guineas— it is a question of long days aad nighty and solitary thinking, and strange place*, «a4 s&a;≥ people, and the thought of the increasing laboi of one's going back.. And just fancy wheo we hare gone away across the wide prairies—— oh, I know ! You will sea the change ia her hfft when we tarn towards England again f* /. Hex companion is not at all carried away by this burst of enthusiasm* t 'Perhaps,' he observes, 'yoa will be food enongh to say at what point Mr. Balfoor ia sod; denly to appear — liko a fairy in a pantomime-rat a circus- rider through a hoop.** , ^j ' I never said he waa to appear anywhere,' a the petulant reply. - \\\ 'No; and therefore ha ball tha mare likejyi* appear. At Niagara) Are we to increase U* current with a flood o£ tears f \ '1 tell you I hate neither telegrapbecl sor written to him,' she says. 'I dcat know where ho is— and I don't care.' -1 *' Then we are determined to haw oar -xm oath, pie to ? * Lady Sylvia Balfoor before three months of moral scolding: the s£me after th* tferee months : lha recipe foiwarded for eisateaapoaoi in po«tage-»tatnps— apply to Professor Stickleondy oa tha top of Box-hill, Surrey,' There ia«ne&iBf; qoiie certaia— that, if yoa are tha neuts at reconciling these two, they will both of them Btt$ eoidially hate yoa for the rest of their lifo.9 / 'I cannot help that,' ia the qaiet answttV 'Ono moat do what good one can. ItuaUm&c;^ at tho beat.' ^ We were almost the only occap*ata of Ike «team«r that left the small pier aad proceeded to out its way through the wind-wept waters «t the lake. And now, sure enough, these peqptft began to talk aboat Loch Loaiond, aad KUkraiyj and Wiudermere, and all sorts of other placo^ just aa if they wished to pander to thia 900* creature's nostalgia ; it wax of bo xn»to re»»i them that the lake was aa Amerieaa hkt, wittt associations ef its own, and these far from «bnq» teresting. Very gloomy, howeror, waa tho aspect ia whteh Lake Horioaa bow presented itafttf to us ; for the clouds seemed to co»o eSoaer dowa^1 and tho low and wooded hllla became et 4 heaner purplft) aad darker still becamo the water thai was dashed in harrying waves on the sandy «njl rocky ahore. Then we got into tho narrows, a&4 wero near enough tho hills to see where tho ta*-$ had been en fire, the charred stems ef the treaty appearing in tho distance liko so many vine-stevb washed white, Tho lako opened out again; ia4 on wo steamed— tho mountains far ahead of .«» growing of % still deeper purple as if ft feftiial storm were impending ever thorn. . Ssddealy Lady Sylvia uttered a light cry. She W by ftocHeat tamed. And lo 1 behind aa thero waa u Rreat blase of sunlight falling oa tho hills u4 the water— the lake a theot of dialing «Ut«»— thfe islands of » brilliant and sunny greea— one kee» flash, ef blue visiblo anoiig the floating clouds* Aad it was then, too, wo saw aa «*$« alow^f, ?ailing over Uie rostet woeds-tho e&ly; Ktw« thin« viaible ia this wiWernew ef water and (taxat. Sfeo.«anlight»pr«»d. Thow woro gUw BWringB at ttlroi ia tho howy cload« toing »W .t&p.Mgtaa; of th« Adirondacks. A. pale gtow, Ctttised from' time to time otur drying decks. Whea we landed to undertake the short nuhraj ioaraej between Lake George and Like Cham pUin, iro found ourselves iif hot sunshine. \- 'fcakeChamplain; too, was fair, and snnnv, and gnea { and. the waters that the steamer churned wen as clear as taose ofScliaffhausea ; while the vindjr Bhreda of cloud that floated by the 'Aiirondicks wore of the lightest and fleeciest. Bat there were storms brewing eomowhore. As the d&j-; waned, we had sudden fits of purplo darkness, and dashes of rain went sweeping along the lake. In the evening there was a wild emolto of red in the west, behind the pallid hilla, and tius ruddy glare here and there touched tho gray green waters of the lake with a dusty Gro, and nude the hall of one boat which we could seo in tba distance gleam like some crimson stone. As V9 sat there, watching the lnrid sunset, and the darkening waters, we had dreams of an excursion :to be nude in the days to come. When Boll's ' long exile in the west was over, wo were to meet borne where* about this point. We were suddenly \- .to disappear 'from human ken into the wilds of the Adiroadacks. We should live on tho produce of oar own guns and fishing-rods ; we should aleep in the log-huts on the cool summer night3 : we should become as dexterous as Indians in the Use of our canoes. We had heard vague ramon of, similar excursions through these virgin wilds ; irhj should not we also plunge into the forest ' *pkmeTal?(. ' -Mr. Von Rosen said nothing at. all when he heard this proposal; but he laughed, and looked ati b-is wife.. ^ '?'. \ *'Whea I am set free to get back to England,1' sail the ranchwoman, with great gentleness— for s&a; was obvious! v profiting by her brief com panionship with civilised folks—' I don't think — ? I' really dor not think— that yoa will catch me foolin' about here.4* In the meantime, howerer, she was jast' as eager to sea every thing as anybody else. Look, for example, at what happened on the very first ?;? - morning after oar arrival at Montreal. We had, - on the previous^ vening, left Lake Champlaia at .: Plattsbargh, and- got into the train there. We \- fciid made 'our first' acquaintance with the Cana dians in the persons of four as promising-looking sooandrcU as could be found in any pait of the world, who conversed in guttural French in whispers, ' and kept their unwashed faces and coll&rless; throats so near together as to suggest a Conspiracy to murder. We had parted from these gentlemen as soon as the train had crossed the St. Lawrence bridge and got into Montreal, and we fi&d;'rj&ched; our hotel about midnight. Now, wb&t; must this German do but insist on everyone getting up at a nameless hour in the morning, to st&rt;'airav by train and intercept a boat comin? down over the Lachine Ripids. His wife assented, of courae; and then the other two women were not ^o.be outdone. A solemn tryst wta made. Ridicule 7&3 unavsiiing. AVd eo it happened ta&t; there was a hashed harrying to and fro in tin early dawn, and two or three wretched people, who ought have been in- bed, went shivering oat iato the cold air. ' .A3 for the Ltehine Rapids, the present writer has nothing to say about them, They are' siiH to be very fino, and there is a ptctara of them in every bookseller's shop in O&nitda-; It u abo asserted that when the steamer goes whirling down, the passengers have a pleasing sensation of terror. AH he knows is that, as he was Bitting comfortably at breakfast, four objects i&afe; their appearance,' and these turned out to bo 'baman beings, with blue faces and helpless hands. -When they had got thawed somewhat, ftad abla to open their months without breaking bonea/ theY said that the descent of the rapids ,-..ir»a a rery fine thing indeed. ' ? . , ! Ho? *as it pofrible for one to learn anything of .tie character af the Canadian nation, because of these ^insatiable sightseere. The writer of these pftgfcj, fiqding that he would have two whole days to spend in Montreal, had proposed to himself to make an exhaustive study of the political situation iirCanada, and to supplement that by a com parison between the manners, customs, costume, and domestic babita of the Canadians and those of the Americans. If was also'hij intention to devote a ccnaiderablg-pcrtioa cf this time to a careful inquiry as to .the. number ol Canadians who' * wo^ljT' prefer ssparatioa/ from Great Britain. 7 ;'Ba|r thes^ projected aladies, which wcuii have'been' of immense, value to ths world at largBi wore^rendereilimpo^sible by the conduct of thitf group pf frirolons tdnrats, who were simply bent on profitliwTj enjoying themselres. And thU tiiej seeme^f to do with a great good-will, for they were delighted- with rtBe cool fresh air and the trilliaot atjoosphefe which gave ~to \hi* city a { ftiog^IarJy. bright and ;gay appeararics. ThevVere charmed with tbe prettily 'o^Mrated cabs iri the street. When they ' entered the cithedral of Notrft'Djune;itr8eett)ed'qaite appropriate to - find coloraaud g^kiizrg there thafc'in Eaglftnd would luve 3ag(jeat«d a,ceitain institati'm irr LVicjster Square. Then 'we haito climb- to the .tower: to have a view over the beautiful, bright city, with its red brick bouses set amid green trees, iti one or two remaining tin domes glinting back the morning sunlight, its bold sweep' of the St. Lawrence reflecting tbe Llae sky. What wai that too, about the ragui nerve, when the striking of th« great bell seemed to fill bur chests with a Choiring soand? Oar Tanch woman was not onlin drily scientific in her talk, but. she wu .rather proud of tho vagaa iatrre. '?? Indeed, wo grew to fcftVe'a gteni' affection for thit useful monitor '. within, of- whose existence wo had not hoard ' fcefort ;' add nia'ny- a-tirao afterwards, ? when our dartre for dinner ms becoming . peremptory, we Only recognised ; tb'o friendly. offices of this fatbertotfnkaowri bellman, who was doubtless, in bis 6wu'q'aietway,'sonntling the tocsin of the son!. '- ?-' ;'? ?'--» - - ' y ?? ' la faet/tuefc trtfiai-mindeil people would hare . nolliingtoddwitbtfgerioQSstady of tho Cana dian character/, Tbeyeaidtb'attboy approved of, fhe political iostitcitioris 'of this country becauso ; they got French' bread at dinner. They were qoits ' surd that the Caaadiinc were most loyal aubjocUf ; ' bftbd Crown, and that everything was for the fcart/fitnplybecabse tome very kind frieads CftllwlM tbera with & couple^of cairiagoo and wnirtedUrtaiawayapto the summit of Mdant1 EoTS^P*rkaud showed them tho great plain beaea^yujd tho city, and the broid ,riv»r« ^TWy' weotisad about that rirer. You would h»v» fancied thatBtll had been bora a bargowoman and had ip^t her lif^ in' ehootjng iapldk, Wo knew thallhVolld.?ashlone&: eong\of ' our youth kept conl^nuAlly coniiog back' to lior'-idl'o fancy, for wo hwd faint snatches 'of it hummed from time to tiina wheu the rest Of tta wcro on^agod in talk. ?'♦??? ??-?'?? ?' ' \ ': '/ Whjc should we yet our adl unfurl f There Unot ftbrea'vh the blue nave to curl ; But when the wind bUwa off the Rhorej Oh, swecUy we'll rot tho weary ow— ' . Utowar tide ! this trembling moon Shall B-m us float over thy surges soon Saint of this green isle, hear our prayer. Grant us cool breczu and favoring air Blow, broezfts, blow, the utreani rune fast, Ihe rapids aro near, and tho daylight's past— ? And tho daylight was indeed past when we left Montreal ; for theso unconscionable tourists in sisted oa starting at tho 'unholy hour of ten at night, eo that thoy should'-accomplish somo foolish plan or other. ? It was an; atrociouB pioco of cruelty. Wo got into a sleeping-car ; and found the brightest and cleanest of bunks' awaiting U3. We were pretty tired, too,' witb. rushing up and down belfry-stairs, sud what. not. It was no -wonder, therefore, that wo speedily forgot all about our having to get upintba middlo of. the night at somo wretched placo calloi Prescott. Wo were summoned back from tho calm of dreamland by a hideous noise. Wo staggered out of the carriage, and found ourselves in a small and empty railway station at two in tho morning. But the more we rubbed our oye3 tho more we wore bewildered. Everything was wrapped in a cold, thick fog, so that tho train was but tho phantom of a train, and wo seemed to each other as ghosts. Tho'only light was from a solitary lamp that sent its dazzling glare into .the fog and seemed to gather about it a goldoa smoke. Then these fierce cries in tho distance? 'DanTs? Wuo's for D.^a'l'a? All aboard for Dan'l'sf The poor shivering wretches stared help lessly at each other, like gliosU wailing for Charon to take them somowhilhcr. Tlion it crossed the mind of tbo bewildered travellers that perhaps this DanTs was some hjstelry in the neighborhood — some haven of refuge from tbir. sea of fog— and so they stumbled along until thoy male out the glare pf another lamp, and hero was an omnibus with its door Sung wide open. ' Dan'l's?' sung out the plaintive voice again. 'Who's for DauTs hotel? All aboard for DanTs ♦ ' We clambered into the small vehicle, and Eat down, bound for the unknown. Then the , voice outeide grew sharp. ' All Aboard !' it cried ; tbe door banged to ; and away we went through the fog, planning and reeling, as if wo were climb, ing the bed of a stream. Then we got into the hostelry, and there was an air of drowsiness abont it that was ominous. The lights were bw. There was no coffee-room open. 'I think,' said the lieutenant, robbing his hands cheerfully, 'I think wo could -not do better than havo ebme brandy or' whisky, and hot water, batore going to bed.' The clerk, wbo had jast handed him his key, politely intimated that be could have nothing of that sort — nothing of any soit, in fact. The lieutenant turned on him. '? Do you mean to tell me that this is a temper ance house ?'' he sai'l, with a stare. ' No, it ain't,' said the clerk, ' Not generally. But it b on Sunday; and thiJ is Sunday.' It certainly was three o'clock on Sunday morn ing. *'Qraciou3 heavens, man!' exclaimed the lieutenant, ' is this a civilised ' country ? Don't you know that you will play the very mischief with our vagus nerves?' The clerk clearly thought he had nothing to do with bur vagus nerves, for he simply turned and lowered another lamp. So the lieutenant lit his candle, and departed, muttering to himself. 'DanTs?' we heard him growl, as he went up tho wooden stair. 'All aboard for DanTs? Confound me if I ever come within a dozen miles of DanTs again 1' 