Sketcher. ROME. How the poor people, who are native and to the manner born, contrive to keep uncon- gealed in such cold weather as occurs in winter, insufficiently fed and clothed as they are, and with the little scaldino of charcoal, the only means of warmth for the entire family, passes my comprehension. The men go about in huge, bandit-looking cloaks, with great collars, often of fur, turned up to meet their sombreros; and the coarse wine of the country is cheap, and with its aid they man- age to keep up a glow within, and they gather in knots and groups and crowds wherever there is a patch of sunshine; but the poor, bare-headed women, with evidently not more than three garments on, all told, and the children, whose attire is never in the plural number, how can they live through the chill- ing midwinter season? Perhaps vital piety keeps them warm, for the women and chil- dren are very religious, to all outward seeming. Perhaps, as a Florentine friend explains, they are not accustomed to artificial heat and do become accustomed, gradually, to the cold of winter, and thus can stand the cutting tramontana (as they call the piercing wind from the snow-topped mountains) far better than we forestieri. But they must hail the return of spring as ardently and joyfully as do the fowls and birds and cattle. And meanwhile this severe weather makes the solemn, sad, dignified-looking Romans appear more sober than ever. And they have a notably sober and dignified appearance, with their large, melancholy eyes, and sad, handsome faces, with their marked and regular features, across which a smile so sel- dom flickers, and which a laugh never broadens. In both sexes, in all classes, and even throughout all ages, they are alike of dig- nified and melancholy aspect. How different from the mobile play of the intelligent features of the intellectual Florentines, or the vivacious, exuberant, rattling jollity, almost buffoonery, of the Neapolitans! Inhabitants of the same peninsula, citizens of the same nation, speaking (in different dia- lects) the same language, they are clearly sprung from widely different races. Can these be (as they claim) the descendants of the citizens of the world's greatest city, who had their rulers made for them by the legion- aries, mercenaries of all Rome's provinces; who lived on the supplies of Sicily and Africa which their rulers' bounty provided; who clamoured, not for better government, but only for "panem et circences," and who found their chief amusement in the luxuriant free bath, and in floating over the bloody slaugh- ter of the sports of the arena? Or are they the children of the dregs left behind by the receding waves of Vandal and Lombard and Ostro-gothic conquest? They look as if they were constantly mourning over the departed glories of the capital of the world. Perhaps they are only thinking of the cold weather and the hard times and the high taxes, and how few lire and soldi are in the pockets to satisfy the cravings of appetite and the res- angustæ domi. But there must be sad thoughts, and those only, to find expression in such sombre features! I saw them lively enough, however, in a street fight, on day before yesterday, at the foot of the Capitoline hill, and close by the Roman Forum, where one of the rabble, a powerful fellow, bare-beaded, and with rolled up red shirt, had stabbed his fellow, who was bleeding on the pavement, and was violently resisting an attempted arrest by two carabi- nieri, or cocked-hatted gensdarmes, who always prowl about the streets in couples (never singly), armed with sabre and re- volver, and decked with plume, belt and aiguil lette, like so many seedy British field officers. Some of the ghost-like confraternity of the Misericordia, in their white, shroud- like cotton robes and white hoods drawn over head and face, with holes for mouth and eyes, swooped down at once upon the wounded man and carried him straight away, but the stabber fought desperately, and was too much for the policemen, who evidently feared the rabble too greatly to use their weapons, while the ruffian was restrained by no such scruples. A great crowd of the lowest class rapidly gathered, blocking up the street for many squares on either side, while several other gendarmes came to the assistance of their comrades. The rabble were all on the side of the furiously fighting ruffian, and aided him by hustling, crowding, and, in some instances, throwing down the policemen. These, when sorely pressed, on two or three occasions turned on their assailants with levelled carbines, and then the crowd would break and run like so many sheep, the women snatching up the children and hust- ing them into the neighbouring churches, while they groaned, yelled and screamed, as if possessed with demons. Then, when they found that the police would not fire, they would close in upon them again, and, each time as they returned to the charge, they raised with great zeal the ominous shout of "Viva il Papa! Viva Pio Nono!" At last an ambulance galloped down into the crowd, accompanied by a guard of sol- diers of the line, who formed a square around the combatants; and finally the screeching, struggling wretch, with some of his fellows, was pitched, head-foremost, into the vehicle, all fighting like demons, the soldiers closed around with fixed bayonets, and the cortege moved off; with the crowd hooting and yell- ing in the rear. 