REMARKABLE RELIGIOUS DE LUSION AND FANATICISM. The following' ore extracts from a let. ter from the Rev. J. Caley, dated , Antioch, AuguBt 21, 1876, published in the Church Missionary Record :— ""We have reached a crisis in con nection with the Six-years' movement, owing to the prophets having prophe sied three days' darkness in fulfilment of tho prophecy by the prophet .Tool. The darkness was to happen on the 10th, 11th, and 12th of this month ; : it was revealed to a man at Pnvatbur first, bnt he was sent for to Kannit, and after fasting and prayer it was revealed to Tboman the groat prophet also. J. J.'s family were n 11 called to Kannit to conduct a rigorous liist for seven days previous to the darkness, and all their adherents in other places were requested to fast for the same period. At Kannit all the females were excluded from the room where the males conducted their fasts, by order of Thomman tho prophet. After four or five days' fasting, Jaco, who was the evangelist, came out and said '■If the darkness does not take place, Tshall hereafter bo like a deaf man before the living God.' Two or three days before the darkness was to take place J. J. sent a telegram to the ■ Rajah of Travancoro, and also one to the Queen. The latter was, I think, returned to him from Bombay. During the expected darkness some people seemed to go nearly or I may say al together mad. Tho most fearful blasphemies were uttered in some places, and the most wild things done. At Ellentur a prophet ordered a man to be bound—then they lay him on one side—then cover him with a cloth. This being done he said'Lazarus come forth.' The man arose, and the prophet said,'Loose him,' whereupon the man untied the things by which he was bound. Another put some thing red in tho middle of his hand, and held it up saying it was the blood of our Lord caused by the nail. One person took three children, and put ting one on each shoulder and the third on his head, said they repre sented the Holy Trinity. At Puvathur one man said there was a glass let down from heaven having twenty four little holes at the bottom through which passed tho living water for the twenty-four elders. They were or dered to turn their faces upwards and open their months to receive this pre cious gift, which order they implicity obeyed and pretended to drink. "The above are some of the dreadful things that were enacted in the name of the Holy Ghost—things that make one shudder to bear abont. "When the event was over, the people were : ashamed to show their faces, others being so exasperated by their wild conduct that they were almost ready to kill them. On Sunday, the 13th, several Mohamedans and heathens went to J's house in the daytime with torches, and demanded Thomman and Joseph. They neither of them made their appearance. They then went to J.'s younger brother's house, in search, I think, of J.'s mother-in-law, who has been a very forward character during this last year. One of the men seized J.'s brother's wife by the hand, and when some said, ' That is not her, he said I can't see.' In some places the • heathens in daytime would stumble against Christians as if by mistake, and if tho latter said anything, tho . former would say that they were not able to see anything. I heard last Monday that J. J. had brought his \--".'pens and paper, &o.;, out on Sunday night, and confessed before the people that he bad been deceived. I there ■ fore started for Kannit on Tuesday night, and arrived: there early on Wednesday morning. I wrote a fow lines to J.J., saying that he had now bad sufficient evidence that tho ■prophets were false prophets, and told him that people were uttering the most fearful blasphemies, and doing the most wild things, so that he ought without Iobs of time to declare in as distinct a manner as possible that he abandoned the six years' doctrine. I told him that if he had rather not come to see me, I would go and see him. He would not seo me, but actually wrote a circular letter to his people to say that the prophecy was fulfilled. He says in that letter—'Confusion is darkness. Terror is thick darkness. Doubt is lightning.' He warns his people against doubting, tolling thorn that God will punish tbem if they do. A Cattanar from Kalapura went to his house whilst I was at Kannit, and circular letter said, 'Up to this time you have been deceived, but from now you are knowingly deceiving.' His present action reminds one-forcibly of St. Paul's words to Timothy, ' But evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving and being deceived' But while J. was writing that the prophecy was fulfilled, others wore saying that it was not fulfilled, and were referring to the command to offer up Isaac and the threat to do. Btroy Nineveh as similar cases. There has been groat consteruation, and the better sort are saying that they have had enough of prophets. The dread ful things which they euacted during the faeting has had a great effect on some, and it will, I believe, bo impossi ble for them ever to do the same agaiu A groat many people are saying that they will abandon the Six.years'doc trine, and their belief in prophets, bat they- will still go on in the schools tboy have erected, with a service which they say roust bo 'according to tho gospel.' This points to the estab lishment of a permanent sect; still, if we had free scope allowed to invite the people to our churches, I am con vinced the movement would soon be so weakened that it would dwindle away." 