NEWS OF THE HAY. There was n long sitting of the Cabinet : Conacil on Saturday. The estimates were further considered, and some important in formation and observations concerning them will be found in another column. . We mentioned some days ago that the Whampoa, from London via theOope, would in all probability arrive on Sunday, and the vessel has come up to timo admirably, hav ing made the passage in forty-threo days eight hours. We may now mention that the Luaitania, which left London for Melboarne via the Cape on tho 28th June, and Ply mouth on the 30th, passed tho Capo de Verds on Gtli Jnly, and it is by no means improb able that she may make the passage in thirty-nine or forty days. The Californian mail, whose arrival at Auckland is announced, has brought, it will be seen, some interesting items of news in reference to the war in Asiatio Turkey. The Speaker has issuod a writ for the election of a member to serve in the Legis lative Assembly for the district of Sand hurst, in lieu of Mr. W. G. Blaokham, re signed. The last day for lodging nomina tion papers has been fixed fortbo 19th Jnly ; day of polling, 25th July; return of writ, 30th Jnly. Tho llailway Construction Bill will bo cir culated to-day, and it requires 110 ghost from the grave to predict its contents. Tho Go vernment liavo already announced that a large portion of tlio loan locked up in tho banks will be required for additional rolling stook. They have also stated that ull tho political lines proposed by the lato Govern ment will be lol't out of tho bill that will bo presented to Parliament. Tho linos proposed by the late Government will bo further cur tailed by tho adoption of tho dex>artincntal estimate for construction, whereas tho lato Government gave an estimate of their own us to the cost per mile, which was absurdly low — lower by somo hundreds than railways oan be made for. Knowing all these tact-, therefore, we may. eafely predict that, the kill will inoludo the following linos Tho lino oonnecting Sponoer.strpot with Oakloigh via the Botauioal.Gardens j the Gonlburn Valloy lino; lino to St. Arnaud via Avooa ; lino to Horsham; from Stawell ; line to Daylosford via Wqodend ; line from tho Springs to Wnhgnnyah. It iB just possible that a lino may also be proposod from Geolong to Queons- oliff, if Sir W. Jorvois nrid Col, Serntohloy roeominond tho same ns a portion of a sohomo of defcnco. But. from oortain observations thnt have fallen from his Kxeollonoy Sir W. Jorvois, it ia not at all likoly that lio will deelaro Buoh a lino to bo a nceossary part of a aoliemo of dofonco. The lino to QuccnB. oliff, in that caso, will not bo undertaken for the present. The sittings of tho Church Assembly will bo resumed at three p.m. to-day. Tlio first business will bo tho reception of a deputation from tho Gonornl Assembly of tho Prcsbyto. rian Church of Victoria. Tho adoption of tho report on tho resolutions passed in re ference to a cathedral site will possibly cvoko further but ineffectual attempts to alter tho proposal that lias boen so far agreed to. Among tho notices ot motion sot down for consideration is tho following: — Mr. Lmwcb to move — 1. TliatthesysteinofiStntecducationin Victoria is, in the opinion of this assembly, incomplete, as it makes 110 provision for ro. ligious instruction, which is an ossontial part of education. 2. That there is at present no satisfactory or comprehensive Bystoin of giving religious instruction to children of members of the Church of England attending State schools. 3. Thnt a committeo of this assembly be appointed to report upon the best moans of affording religions instruction to children of members of the Cluiroh of England attending State sohools. J. That the members of Buch committee bo elected by ballot. About fifteen months ago tho shares in tho Hobson's Bay United Railway Company ; stood in tho Blinro market at about £110 in , value. ' On tho introduction by tho Into . Ministry of a bill to purchase the lino from the shareholders tlio price of the shares rose; nncl when it became known that tho propo sition-was to give -at least £80 per share, ; and' that thero was at the snmo timo a ohnnoo of £100 por sharo being given by tbo Government as the purobaso money, a fur ther advance took place, and sales wero made up to £85, although not many changed hands at that rate, tho holders preferring to await tho result of tho bill. On its being rejeoted ttap inquiry for the shares ceased, arid the price has for eomo timo boen nominal. As it now seems probable that tho Gippaland Railway will bo brought to Melbourne without the Hobson's Bay lino being utilised, shares havo boon offered and sold at £75 per share, and there seems a pro- bability that thoy may again reeodo to £50. Should this bo tho case, it will bo a good in dication that the prico asked by tho company- from tho Government wns too high. ; A deputation, representing tho inhabitants of Stawell, waited on tho Minister of Justica on Saturday for tho purpose of ottering ono of two sites on which to erect tho proposed law courts at Stawell. 1 1 was stated that either of the sites .in question would bo central and convenient, whilo being pre sented to tho Government in tho form of a free gift they would have tho further rocom. mendation of saving a large outlay for land. The Minister of Justico said he had direoted inquiries to ho mado on the eubject, and as soon as ho was fully advised he would deal with tho question. Complaints havo been made to 11s that tho salaries to country xiostmastors, duo on 1st July, have not yet been paid. This neglect, which carries with it, no doubt, much incon. vonience, rests with tho Deputy Postmaster- General. Perhaps after this public intima tion the matter will bo attended to. . Tho Straitu Times, under tho impresaion that .Sir Harry Ord was to bo appointed to tho governorship of Now South Wales, in stead of Western Australia, says: — "This is promotion for Sir Harry at last, the ap pointment being worth £7000 per annum. In n lato Sydnoy paper it is stated that a petition has been forwarded to tho Queon from New South Wales, praying tliat Sir Hercules Robinson's tenure of offico might be extended. But wo hear tliat Lord Car narvon has selected Sir Hercules Robinson to - succeed Lord Dufterin as Govcrnor-Geno- ral of Canada." . Another old colonist has passed away vory suddenly. Mr. David Young was found dead in the City Baths, where he had gono to bathe, 011 Saturday. It is supposed that tho temporaturo of the water was too groat for his strength, he being over eighty years of ago. Mr. Young arrived in tho colony in 1839, and for many years took a prominent part in public inatters ; ho was at one time a member of tho Melbourno Town Council for tho then ward of Fitzroy, nnd was sub sequently a candidate for South Bourke, but failed in obtaining a seat. Ho has not takon any active pnrt in political matters sinoo, bat has livod in retirement. Mr. Yonng was also many years treasurer for tho Benevolent Asylum, whero his notive business habits wero conspicuous, and lie received tho hearty thanks of tho subscribers for hiB services. . In the Statistical Register, part three, just issued, there is a return of the Govern ment expenditure on immigration to Victoria during a sorios of years. The sum so ex pended in 1S5G was £115,715 10s. 9d.; in I860 it was £35,812 19s. Sd.; in 18'0-G it was £759 17s. 4d. Tho total expenditure during tho years 1S5G to 1875-6, both in- clusivo, was £901,146 7s. Cd. Lato on Saturday night a man named Robert Gelding was found by tho police lying in an insensible condition in Little Lonodale-streot, near the Riissell-stroot in tersection. He wns at once removed to tho Melbourne Hospital, where upon examina tion it was discovered that he had been bleeding profusely from a Bovero out in tho back of his head. He did not return to consciousness until yesterday, when he stated that he was assaulted'by two larrikiuB, who knocked him down and robbed him of Is. 9d. in money, a pipe and some tobacco. The injured man, who admits that ho was Blightty intoxicated at the time, was em ployed as cook at. a lodginghouae in Little Bourke-streot. Tho polico are investigating the matter. On Saturday threo members of tho " rng and bono" fraternity from Collingwood paid a visit to Nortkcote. Tho trio as . UBual had a " truck," which eaeh wheeled in his turn. After a considerable quantity of " uncon. sidered trifles" bad been pioked up and stowed away upon the "truok," Senior-oonstablo Marks, of tbo Northcote station, appeared npon tbo scene, overhauled tho "truck," and finding that it oontained a quantity of stolon property, ho at onco arrested tho trio, and took them to the lock-up. About eight o'clock on Saturday night n fire broke ont in a small wooden building in Hill-stroet, Hawthorn, owned by Mr. B. G. Baker, and consisting of a two- stalled stable and coachman's bedroom, Tho premises were totally destroyed. The fire is supposed to have been caused by a candlo loft burning in the stable. The damage is estimated at botween £50 nnd £60. It cannot bo ascer tained whether the building was covered by insurance or not. The following interesting calculations and query are put by the Ballarat Star : — " In connection with the subject of funeral reform a rather startling calculation has beon made. Tho allotments for graves are 8 feet by 4 feet, and nre sold at £4 each. Now, there aro 1361 snoh allotments in an acre, so that tbe lnnd is sold at tbo enormons sum of £5444 per aore. Supposing tho wholo of tho Old Cemetery, some live acres, to have been sold at this rate, tho interest on the sum realised must give a splendid revenue, and tho question naturally naked is, what is dono with tho monoy ? This may prove an inter esting subjeot for the Funeral Reform Asso. oiation." Dr. Youl held an inquest at tho Melbourne Hospital on Saturday upon tho body of Andrew Moylan, aged sixteen years, who died in tho institution on tho 13th inBt. Deceased, who worked at a tannery at Pres ton, was engaged in delivering a load of leather at IVallis's tannery at Richmond, and was knockcddown and run over by a dray, sustaining such serious injnries that ho died a few hours afterwards. The un fortunate occurrence was Bhown to havo been of a purely accidental nature, and the jury returned a verdict to that effect. The suitability of the woods of Now Zoa- lai;d for woodware of numerous descriptions can be seen by inspcoting at Messrs. Gem- moll and Tuckett's rooms a collection of the manufactures of the Now Zealand Woodware Company. Thorn aro room doors made of totara, or birch, or red pine, with Kauri pin-e , nels, that furnish a plenBing contrast in col :; . Soma of these aro highly varnished, and f ho rich grainii:-; of tho woods is woll shown. For da\ryra-:n thero aro churns, butter tubs, milk buc;t eta and olieoao moulds. Housewives will find buckets, washing tubs, washboards, knifeboards, &o.; For farmors lucre arc soytlio handles of ash and hayrakos ot birch anil ash. How blaokwood can bo turned to account ia shown by specimens which havo boon bont for use by carriago and cart builders, as shafts; top rails, scat rails, buok arms, Ac., and there aro also a number of spokes of sizes suitable for vehiolea of all il- ,< n iu sins,- The colleotion amply demon. Hi m.cj the feasibility of turning the produots of tho Now Zealand forests to good account, and Bliould serve to stimulato tho establish, ment of similar industries for tho purpose uf using tho valuable woods thnt aro to bu found in Viatorinn forests nt Gapo Otway, 111 Gippaland nnd othor parts of tho colony. Thoro havo boon soma rather oxtonsivo ad ditions and improvements to tha Primitive Methodist church, Lygon.stroot, in progress for somo timo pnst. A largo and very com. tnodiouB building has boen plncod nt tlio renr of tho church, which 011 Sundays will be nsod for tho Sunday school, and on wank nights for ten meetings nnd othor purposes, whilo in tho day it is let for a grammar school. Tho flooring of tlio clmroli itsolHins been romodollod, and tlio seats aro now placed 011 an inclinod piano, thoso furthest from tho pulpit being two foot higher than tho ait. tings surrounding it, Thoro has boon a liand- somo cabinet organ purchased, nt a cost of about £130. Tlio seating throughout has hcon polished, nnd tlio wholo building thoroughly pnintednnd ronovatcd. Thoso improvements' liavo cost upwards of £8(10. and tho trustees , uro of conrso anxious to obtain tho moans of , defraying tho amount. Tho church was re opened yesterday, when appropriate sermons wero pioachcd by tho Rev. Isaac Now and Rov. W. Hunt, tho cliairmnn of tho district. Tho congregations woro largo, and -the, col lections fair. On Saturday night tlio residence of Mr, Robert C. Browne, Pnrk- torraoe, Sydnoy. road, was entered by burglars, and wearing apparel and othor articles, valued in fhoug-' gregato nt £6, woro stolen. Tho thieves' effected an entrance by a kitohen window, wkioh had incautiously boon loft unfastened. Robort Carstairs, aged sixty years, residing; in Athorton-streot, Fitzroy, was admitted to tho Molbourne Hospital yesterdny, suffer ing from a fraotnrcd leg, caused by his slip., ping off tho kerbstone in Young-street, Fitzroy. At a general mooting of tho Caxton.Com. memoration committee, held at the London Tavern on Saturday afternoon, it was decided that tho dinner qilar.centopary of the introduction of printing into England by William C'axton should take plaoo ot lho Melbourno Athona-um on tho llth, of, August. 1 Our Williamstown correspondent ; wrifet that Mr. Burnett's -advent had been 'the! moans of adding many members to the- tern- peranoo cause in that district. At ono publia meeting bb many as ninety persons agreed' to abstain from intoxicating liquors,- after buo' of Mr. Bnrnott's usual poworf ill appqals. Dan'l Draco draw a crowded hokso on; Saturday ovening at the Theatre Royal.' Wo shall notico tho drama critically . to., morrow. ...... Tho Prinoo of Wales Opora Hottso was' crowdod 011 Saturday ovening," when Offen- baoh's opora bouffe tho Brigands wns again1 produced. The pieco waa , played in a. spirited mnnnor, and will bo repeated to night. , Tho reduction in tho prices of ' admission to tho Academy of Music had tho effect of filling thnt plaoo of amnsbmont in every part on Saturdny ovoning, tho upper oirolo nnd gallery boing especially cro.wdod. . . Tlio first, portion of tho entertainment consisted of the- amusing comody, His Last Logs, in which' Mr. Walton playod Folix O'Callaghan, and' succeeded in maintaining tho favorable im.1 pression ho made in tho snmo part . qn' tho preceding evening. Tho comody was- followed by tho laughablo burlosquo of. Blue beard, or the Hoathon Chinee, which vtM produced with almost the same cast as ap peared in it last Christmas, when it served' ns tho introduction to the pantomime-. , Thome, as tho Hoathon Chinee, was- JruN sistibly funny, and the celobrated cards playing soeno between him and Bluoheprd (Mr. Wallace) was aa ludicrous As oVom Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis filled bap old part of! Selim, and Miss May Vivian appeared to ail. vantngo ns Fatima. Tho "court dance,' by a corps of juveniles under Mra. Lewis's direction, was greatly applauded, nnd had to bo repeated, whilo tho siston Gray gained a great deal, of well doserveii praise for their singing and dancing. Messrs. Harry Daniels and H. Savillo played Ibra- him and tho O'Shacabao respectively, 'with muoh humor. Tho samo programmo will bo givon this ovening. It would bo woll if Jhd management were to arrange so that tho 'en tertainment may in futnro bo brought, to a closo earlior than it was on Saturday; even ing, as many persons had to leavo lipfore tha curtain tell in order to catch tho suburban trains, , , There was an excellent attendance' at St., George s Hall oh Saturday evening, aiid tlin entertainment given by tho Georgia Min strels was as divorting as ever. To-night there will be an entire change of programme,, embracing sevoral novelties. On Wednes day afternoon an entertainment will bo givon for the benefit of tho Melbourne Hospital, and as it is tho intention of tho management! to givo the entire proceeds in aid of tho in. stitntion, thero will no doubt bo a crowded house, Tho People's Concert at tlio Temper ance Hall, Russell-street, was well patronised, fi onSatiirdayevcning. An attractive programme 7 was given, tho 'performers, without excep- ! tion, boing loudly applauded. Miss Dwight presided at tho piano, Mr. Frank Richardson1 acting as conductor. The funeral reform question is to bo ontorlaineil , by tho Melbourno Grand Division of tlio' Sous of Temperance at their meeting at Richmond ou Tuesday next. Tho concluding lecture on tho Chemistry and ' Physics of the Munitions of War will bo dcliverod f in tbo locture theatre of tbo Industrial Museum i by Captain Snee, on Friday. On Saturday, at tho institution in Spring- i, street, Mr. T. P. Hill dolivored a loctflto on Word-' ? painting. The subjoct was illustrated by sevenl i scenes frcm Shakspearo. : Publication Received,— We have received front j Messrs. George Robertson, tbo publisher, s, I .pamphlet on Human Life, an inquiry touchis" I tho duty of tho State in relation to pauper- | children, $ Tho lion, the Minister of Education will open. K1 the nowStato school nt Caulfiold this afternoon, nl' K threo p.m., and school duties will, it is under- - stood, bo rosumod by tho head mastor, Mr. Henry Bayston, on tho following day. :.' Mr. Thomas Konnody, formerly agont for tie Kennedy family, is about to mako nrrangomenh ; for tho appearaneo in Melbourno of tho Original ' Georgia MiiiBtrols. This troupe is nt present performing succossf ully in Now Zealand, and will probably visit Moibourno in about a month. ! Tho following trade marks have been registered : by tho Registrar-General, viz., the caps 11 1 0 nndj tho orcscont Inbol of Messrs, Martoll and Co.; tbe ! . Garibaldi label, tho proporty of Mr. T. B. (Jurat; ! ' and the Eureka brand, belonging to tho Vir-! . cinian Tobacco Manufacturing Company, Mr.i : Waters represented tbo applicants. 1 A mooting of ratepayers nnd properly ownen f of Sandridgo, and others interested in shipping i and tho requirements of tho port nnd harbor j accommodation, will be liold this evening, at tbo Town Hall, Bay-strcot, Sandridgo, at eight ; p.m., for tho purposo of examining tho plans and dcsignB, and hearing tho prnpornls for carrying out a gonornl system of harbor improve- monts and wharfage accommodation, and pro posod navigable canal for relieving Moibourno of . flood waters as prepared by Mr, Thomas Cor- nish. A gonoral mooting of the Collingwood branch ;; of St. Patrick's Society was held on Friday oven- ing last, iu tho branch room. Smith-street ; tie ' , president in tho chair. After the minutes anil correspondence had been duly disposed of, Mr. S. : Moore was elected delegato'to tbo August district meeting, and Messrs. M'Grath, Morton ami Greon woro elected siek visitors for tlie ensuing I; quarter. Tho auditors' report nnd balance-sheet wero received and adopted. A ,voto of thnuti 7 waa accorded tho visitors from the. P.raliran , . branch, and tho passing of accounts conclude!; the business of tho ovening. The funeral of the Into Mr. Henry Newman, j captain of the Footscray Fire Brigado, took pirns' on Saturday nftornoon Inst. About one hundred I members of the Metropolitan anil up-country lire j brigades, togothor with a number of tbe ; M.U.I.O. Oddfellows, of which tiro decease! was a membor, and a great many local residents, f ;. formed tho funeral procession, which was headed I by the West Molbourne Town Brass Band, plaj-i ing tha Dead March. The remains were intone) : in tho Footscray Cemetery, whore tho Rev. B. M'Konzio officiated. Among the firemen present ; woro recognised spmo of tho Ballarat Brigade, ... tho deceased having, previous tiShis residence in Footsrcny, been n member of that corps. 1 Wo have received from Mr. Goorgo Robertson : a copy of the Australian edition of a Memoir 0! 1 Norman Macleod; D.D., minister of Barony parish, Glasgow, one of Her Majesty's ohnplaius, Sic.,i written by his brotkor, Dr. Donald Macleod. !. , Tho work will be. welcomed by all who can sp-i preciato ft- faithful record of an carrfest working p . and singularly gifted Christian minister. Nor-.; 1 man Macleod was a pastor in the f idlest meaning j of the word, discharging tho duties of his liigh < ollicotoal! classes of man alike, and in return! receiving the respect and regard of all. Whether ministering in the presence of royalty, or to 6" crowds of poor for ivhom ho organiaod and con- ; ducted special services, ho was equally fearless in . declaring tho truth, nnd successful iu'tho resulu , . of his ministrations. Tho journals and com'- 7 pondunco of tho docensed, with tho rominisconci'i supplied by relatives and friomls, liavo furnisbel materials from which tho compiler of tho memoir : bus completed a volume of great interest, unit in which tho public lifo and labors of a most worth/ .. minister aro admirably portrayed. 