CHRISTIAN CONVENTION AT GEELONG. A convention of Christian workers was held in the Mechanics'-hall, Geelong, yesterday, Dr. Somerville presiding. There were about 600 persons present at first, but at the close there were about 1,100. The first subject discussed was "How to make prayer or other religious meetings interesting," introduced by the Revs. Messrs. Bunning and Pilcher. Several other gentlemen spoke on the subject. The second subject was "Religious instruction of the young, in troduced by the Rev. C. S. Y. Price and Mr. G. M Hitchcock. At 2 o'clock the third subject, " How to turn the present religious movement to the best account," was introduced, and addresses were given by the Revs. G. Goodman and T. M. Fraser. Several valuable suggestions were made, and at 3 o'clock Dr. Somerville delivered his address on "The Power of the Holy Ghost," which was characterised by much fervour. The following resolution was then moved by the Rev. W. C. Bunning, seconded by the Rev. Mr. Steele, and assented to by the whole of the assembly rising and saying "Amen": "We, the representatives of the churches and congregations of Geelong, desire to express our heartfelt gratitude to God, and to his servant Dr. A. Somerville, for the series of religious services concluded this day. The manifest blessing from the Most High resting upon them all from the first to the last, the marvellous energy of mind and body, the passionate love for souls, the wealth of scriptural truth and the matured wisdom brought to bear in the addresses and in the whole of the arrangements have placed us all under lasting obligation. It is known to us that you, honoured servant of Jesus, find your high reward in the work and its results, and that you would decline any other expression of our deep gratitude than the present one. May the Lord bless, reward, and uphold you. We cannot conclude without embracing in this feeble acknowledgment of indebtedness your beloved son, Mr. W. F. Somerville. His enthusiasm, piety, and love, not to speak of ability, have given an impulse to the sacred song of Geelong which cannot soon be lost May the Lord accept this consecration of the all of His young servant Finally, may we, through you, convey our loving sense of obligation to the Glasgow United Evangelistic Committee. Such Christian kindness from those in the father, land certainly tends to unite the colonies to Great Britain by indissoluble bonds. It is their love for our souls which goes to our hearts. Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath be- gotten us again to a lively hope through the resurrection of Jesus from the dead. Grace be with you, father and son. Amen.' " Dr. Somerville rose and expressed his gratitude for this expression of their kindness. In the evening the lecture entitled " The Fiery Furnace " was delivered at the hall of the Mechanics' Institute, the proceeds to be devoted to the funds of the Young Men's Christian Association. There was a large attendance. 