ONE WITNESS. A TALE OF CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE. BY J. R. W. A?mBEISLEY is the county town of one of the smallest English counties. So simple and inoffensive is the city, that it hias not unfrequently happened that the judges going upon assize have boon presented with the traditional white gloves which are given to the representatives of justice on circuit when they arrive at a town where there is no prisoner for them to try, or other work to achievo. But when the reader is presented to the small county town of Ambersley, there is plenty of work to be done by the justices no less than the trial of a man for murder -one Harry Walsingham, a young gentle man of wasted fortune, who is perhaps rightly condemned by general opinion for reprehensible conduct. Readers will permit us to present to them all the characters mentioned in this tale. Sir Edgar St. Maule.-A gentleman no longer young,' being quite sixty years of age. IIoe is a noble and generous gentle man, against whom no charge of wrong doing has over been brought. He is a justice of the peace, and indeed, one of the magistrates who committed IHarry WVal singham to prison upon an indictment for the murder of David Budoloy. Lady St. Maulo.-She is very young and beautiful. She has only been the wife of St. Maule for about twelve months, and she is still in half-mourning for her mother, who died /omo months after her daughter's wedding. The house in which she and her husband are living has belonged to her family for a very long time. The mansion and its grounds constitute all the property that the lady brought her husband-except her youth and her beauty. It is quaintly situated in the town itself, and not far from the court-house. Captain Fairholt Pierrepoint.-A hand some, dashing man of thirty, in a line regi ment, and who returned to England about the time of the destruction of the man concerning whose death the trial in ques tion is taking place. Harry Walslngham.-A handsome, easy going fellow, about twenty-five years of age, fair, candid, smiling, and selfish, who would sell his birthright-not due until to-morrow-for a cup of champagne to-day -a man charming to look at, and totally hopeless as a member of society. It is this individual who is being tried for his life. Grace Walsingham.-She is the sister of the man being tried for his life. She is a gentle, gracious creature, and (as it always is in this world) she is suffering, while quite innocent herself, for the guilt of others. She has been taken by Lady St. Maulo under her protection, and is living in Sir Edgar's house at the time of the trial. Giles.-This man is a keeper to Sir Edgar. lie is a frank, violent man, of about forty-five, jealous of look, and audacious in bohaviour. Much is pardoned him because he is an old soldier, who has served in the Crimea, who has the Inkor man medal in his pocketbook, and who fought with Sir dgra. in that baronet's To complete these introductions, some reference must be made to a person who will not appear in this tale. To those statements must be added some description of the dead man. If, The first is Susan, wife of the baronet's keeper. He had married her when he was about forty. She was a stranger to the town. Her husband had found her some. where in London, during a flying visit to the metropolis, and he had brought her home, his wife. He was madly jealous of the woman, and perhaps he had cause to be so, for a more worthless and untrust ;worthy creature never lived. -We have now only a few words to say concerning the dead man, and our intro duotions are over. He had been called David Budeley. He was a man of the lowest passions, and of the greediest pro. pensities. A money.londer of the worst ,sort, he had grown gradually very rich, and equally exacting. He had neither relation ,nor friend, and after his violentdeath there was no human being to claim h!s wealth, which was remarkable in amount and variety. We must now ask the reader to accom pany us to the drawing-room of Sir Edgar's house, and on the morning of the trial. Lady St. Maulo is alone, and looking very pale, when suddenly the door is opened and Captain Pierrepoint hurriedly enters the room. - " She utters a quick cry, and sihe says " You here !" "Yes, Lady St. M-aule, though I never intended to cross your threshold again." " You gave me your word, as an officer and a gentleman, that you would not return to Ambersley, and I,on my silde, pro. mised that upon no inducement would I leave this town-so that we should never meet on this side of the grave. Why have you come back P" "Clara ---I beg your pardon, Lady St. TIaule,-Iam bound tosay I never intended to break my promise to you, but the posi tion in which my cousin is placed compels me to he here." "Your cousin " F - "Yes, Henry Walsingham, wholeis wrongly accused of murder." " Wrongly accused I Oh, how glad I am to hear you say those wordsl And you can prove his innocence P Then, indeed, Fairholt, I am glad to see you back in Ambersley. How can you prove that he is guiltless P" ' I saw l3udeloy killed." " You saw Budeley destroyed P" , Yes." "And you said nothing about itP I remember' now, that the man was killed about the time you must have quitted Amn bersley." " As I was leaving it." " Did you hay nothing concerning the crime P" " I dared not." "Why not P" "I' was leaving this house." Lady St. Maule uttered a low and terrn. fled cry. " Lady St. Maule, what am I to do? I know you to bhe innocent,'and myself to be an honourablo'manr; but if the truth were told, your good name would be lost for ever. Who would believe that you were pure and virtuous, if it was told how, be fore you were married, I visited you hero in secret because your mother did not like me, because we loved one another, because we were secretly engaged P" "'True-true I" said the poor lady. "Who would believe that, coming home from India, on sick leave, secretly and innocently I journeyed down hero, and entering the grounds by means of the key you had given me long before, made my way to the room where we used to meet, and which is now your bedroom." " What is to be done ?" asked the poor lady. "I knew nothing of your marriage. nothing of your tother's death, nothing of the changes that had taken place. I only know that I loved you, that I was in England, and that I could make my way secretly into this house, where I had not been for two years." "There is no need to repeat facts, Fair holt. My mother's fortune was suddenly lost. I feared to tell her the truth, dread ing that the shook would kill her, and I accepted St. Maule (without loving him, I admit) to save my mother from a miserable end. Slhe never knew the truth. I and Sir Edgar kept it from her." " And all was needless," said the cavalry captain, "for she died in a very short time. 'You sacrificed the whole of your life that the last three months of her life might ho peaceful-just at the mnomont, too, when I came in for rmy fortune, and when, leaving tihe army, I could have offered you a corl fortable horne." 't'he past is not to be retrieved. Tell mo-what, of this miserable man ?" " When I gave you my word never to see00 you again, and you had left mle, I turned to the window. I had orne foot over tihe edge of the balcony, when I heard voices in the avenue below. T'lhe next ntllorlnt there was tle sound of a heavy blow and the fall of a body. I heard hurried sterps, and then ran out into the rnoonlight and saw your husband's keeper, Giles. " 'The keeper !" " Thi kolper. After ia time, hearing no other orunld, I dropped to the ground, and saw lying thern a humanr being. It was in shadow. I had no other means of ascertain ing who it was thaen by striking a ilrato. I had called, rand no arnsworlad beoon returned. By thie light of thie warx-taper, I saw and recognised thie man as 1lludoely, teo money lender in those parts. I felt eornnin that lhe wase dead. I hrld seon toro lllrch death in Ilndia to doubt as to what hald happerneod. Tile Irooper lhad utruck hiu over tie right temple willth hIis gun riversed, iand the trigger, driving its way through the skull, Ihad caused death." " Tie kIeepeor--the kIoeeper I" oriod Lady St. Maiaulo. " But what object could he have had in tilling that miserable man ?" "I cannot toll, for I could not follow their convornation. I ami onlly certain of thine- that thie mian who kIilled Iudecley was Giles, tihe eooper." "And you fled without saying a word ?" " What could I do ? Thie mal waln killed in the iverneo of limes unrder your windows, and in your groulnds. Thie keoper ihad a right to bo there, becaurse, as I know now, tio wall of your old garden lhad heorn opened to afford access to Bir Edgar's ad. jocining prumiee. IIow thie money-loendeor came to bo there in a mystery. What could I dio ? How could I accouont'for my presence without compromising you. That was not to be thought of? I could not restore thre man to life, and I was not bound, at any ioerifloo, to ferret out tire murderer." "Yoe were very good." "I mleant to keep mlly promino-nrver to return to Amrblursley, for I would not count upon your hrHI:inand' dealth, Clarar. I wont away fromi lInglanll. It wae only by tihe morest chance thllat I saw an account of Ilarry Walsingham beingl committed to prison for thie murder of BIudeloy, and evers then tile paper it whliah I saw tihe news was three wueeks old. At once I tole graphed to England and to this place, and amsrtained that the trial had not com menced. I am here, and, thank Heaven, in time to save him." " IIow-how P" asked the unhappy lady. "I do not know how; but if he was the greatest stranger to me, or mly most thorough enemy, I would not allow him to be condemned." " But my good name will be destroyed I" "No; I have thought of one plan and I do not think it will fail. I have thought of a second, which I know must sueeud." " What are they P" "I will not tell you, Clara; hut I entreat yop to believe that all will he well. 'I'rust in me." "I do rely upon you, as once I hoped to trust in your life." '"And now, tuell me," said Pierrepoint, " what is the basis of the charge against him P" " "He had borrowed money of Budoley," said Lady St. Mtaule; "and this was known to the dead man's clerk. On the after noon preceding the murder, Mr. Waloing ham had been at the man's office asking for time, and the money-lender had refused in offensive language. He always carried his documents-about with him ; and this was known in the town. After the death, !Walsingham's promissory notes wroe missing from the dead man's pocketbook, which had evidently been rifled, for one of his papers was found near the body. It was the absence of Mlr. Walsinghanl's papers. and the declaration of the clerk tot hl effect that he had heard MIr. Walsinghamn use threatening language to his master, which led to an investigation. The half-burnt remains of the papers in question were found In a grate at Mr. W~alsinghaU's place, and his gun was discovered with marks of blood upon it, although it had evidently been recently washed and cleaned. 'Then followed the accusation." Pierrepoint nodded his head. "You see what has occurred," he said. "Giles, taking to slight immediately after hoe had comnlitted the deed, returned to the dead man with the view of taking imeatsure to cast the crime upon omLno other than himself. lie fixed upon \Valsingham, whose gun hoe happened to be carrying; for he was very familiar with the rascal, and frequently employed himl in one way or another. lie, therefore, stole thlprotriseory notes held by luduloy, and signed by Walinghamn, and purposely half-burnt them in Walsingharn's house-perhaps the neoxt morning." -' Horror I" cried Lady St. Maulo. "For the same purpose, he cleaned the gun, leaving however, sufllcient markl upon the fire.armn for detection. A bad and unscrupulous man." At this moment Lady St. AMaulo uttered an agonised scream. She saw tlI muorderer entering the room, and holding a letter in his hand. " Fairholt, do not let him come nearer I" "What do you want.?" "A letter, sir, from Sir Edgar to my lady, sent on fronl the court, and about the trial." " Put it down, and leave the room." The keeper gave his old military look about him, as though searching for an enemy, and saluting, he withdrew. "Water I" said Lady St. Maniculo. " I nam fainting I" When she was able to speak again, she said, "Tell, meo, and in few words, what you mean to do P" ",First, to wait until the trial is over. There is a chance that he may bl declared innocent. If that is the cabU, then ho and you will be both saved." "But then the guilty man will go un. punished." "That is true." "And a stigma will romain upon your cousin's good nurme !" "No. I have thought of a means of clear ing him from all doubt." " Do not ask me, for my plan is my secret." "Then Walsingham will be saved I" " Oh, yes," said the Captain, looking very sadly at his lost love. " MIy cousin will assuredly be saved I" At this moment, beyond the front windows of tihe hose, which abutted on the High street, there was considerable movement and agitation. The court, in fact, had adjourned for half an hour, it being about two in the lday. " Sir Edgar will comen in for his lunch," said Lady St. Manicul, " and I will present you simply as an old friend of my family. I leave to you the rest. Ah, here is (Graco I" One of the sweetest English fuons over seen was now niarkled to P'errupoint, as hln saw its owner hurrying into the room. She did not observe the visitor. " Clara," shne said-" Clara, they all say that my brother is innocent. Oh, they cannot, they shall not take my brother away fronr mins I" " Grace," said Fairholt Pierrepoint, trem. bling, " do you not know me ?" She lookeod for a momennt. Then a groat briehtnoes corning upon her fact, shIo said. " Cousin Fairhllt, is it you? Oh, you have come to save Harry from his cruel persecu tion I IotK good you are-how very good you are I" As ihe felt her fair young arms about lis neck, he thought, " llow little sie knows with what truth soie spelals I Truly I have comn here teo s avnr Iher brother I" Anti oven at that pass, in the midst of his terrible montal mysteory, he thoulght how beoautiful shel had beconm, and what a charmning young English lady she appeared to bIn. The half-hour flow by cquickly and once imore tlir, court waIs densely packeLd, listen inrg to the trial. 'I'hni it was that I'ierreplont traerced Gilno, ran, getting him in a lquiet orrorr he nid, " WellI, ilc, wshat do you think of tIr' trial ?" r" Vell, sir, I think Mr. WValsirghasnl will swinig." " WVhy ?" " Ilucarmo I thlink lhe killedl poor lludloloy." " No, yeou doln't I You may think Mr. WValsinghaur will be hanged, but. you can rlot plO.sibly belitve that he killed Budoley." W" Why not ?" e" ecarruo yon killed tlhe man 1"'' I" , sir?" " Yes I I saw you 1" " Ahi" cried the kcoper, off his guard; " it waus no ghost ?" " What I You caught sight of mo?', Theio cnning, dlotermined, adroit, andil nrlrcruipulorls Ikeopr' thoughlt for a moment, and theni, ai diablolical smileu spreading over his face, he said, " Yea, sir, I sIw yeou I" "Then you know that I could donounce you I" You mnoan-give me up ? Ye'os, you coiuhl do tlhat ; btL you won't l" "' \Vhy rlot?" " lIneause the ghost I took you to be came fronm iany lady's bedlroom I" " Ahll " " If you gave me ni you would rnin Iaer lcharactor, and that yeou dare not do I Oil, you men who talke forbiddon fruit have a way of honour all your own,I You don't kiss and toll I No, you will not give information against me I" SWrotch I" " 8palc as you will, sir. Youlivoyourlifo, and I live mine." " Why did you fix the guilt upon Walsing hna ?" " Why 7 Bocanso I revenged myself upon the two men who have done me the same wrong I My wife-my Susan-she would have remained true to me if Budoley had not tempted her with his money-if Walsiogham had not tempted her with his good looks and his attentions. I trapped Budeloy, to there he was done for, by a letter supposed to be written by my runaway wile. lI fell into the pit I How it came to be, unless the devil himself was at the bottom of it all, that I had Walsingham's gun instead of my own, I shall never know, any more than I shall be able to tell how it was that the thought came on ma to steal the papers and half burn them in W\Vlsigham's house. But I know that it is all done, and that I am not sorry I" liierrepoint looked at the man and saw a strange wildness in his eyes. " Gies, you are every day drinking more thitan is good for you." " I know it. Since my Susan has left me I am more like a madman than anything else. There I I bore it all while she stayed with me; but' she has gone away, and I believe Mr. Waleingham knows where she is." " Do you think so ?" " Yes, and here ie a bargain l Lot him tell me where ese is- lot me only reach her" (here his hands clenched)-" and I will con lfss ludlosy's murder fast enough, for it willl matter little." " You mean that you would kill your wife if you find her." " I do mean it, man-dead as a stone." " What would you say if I knew where she wa ?" "You I" " What if I can furnish you with the means of finding her ?" " At ono ?" "You are poor and cannot follow this woman. Write a letter, confessing the crime, give it to me, and then go away' from this lieae with money that I shall give I you." 1es laughed. " Two thousand pounds.' . 1[1 shook his wild head. "No." - " ivo thousand P" " No." " Even toen thousand?" "No--no -no If I went away, she might. ropont while I was searching, come back, and I should not be hero. Thenou she would learn tilhe truth, and she would hate' me for ever," 1 " Will nothing tempt you ?" "Nothing hut my wife. Give me back my wife." Faiirholt. saw that all was unclose. The nman was almu.t IL mtaniac by the lose of his infamous wife, who had lled, whither or with whom he l.aow nrl, aud had loft him in a tlate of nmail Idetpair, the more des. lerate that his malulinj, pride compelled hint to dieguisi tife misery ho felt. " lieavcn forgive you, toy man," said the cavalry captain, rising, " for your victims are umany. Aid to think," the captain pondered, " thist all these things take place in consequencd of the hoartles?sues of that womau, the wire of this keeper Giles, found by him no one knows where. So my only chance is in the hope that the jury find him not guilty 1" Alas that same evening, after many weary hours, the jury found harry Wat singlham guillt and Iho was condemned to death. It was about nine in the evening when Captain 'Farholt I'ierropoint presented him sell beforo Sir Edgar and Lady St. Mauls. lie was very pale. HIl first question was councrniug his cousin Grace, the sister of the condeuunmed t.mi. Ile heard thai she had beeoon compelled to take narcotics, but oven in the depths of artificial sleep she was still praying, and calling for her irother incessantly. Lady St. liladle had by this time presented the captain to her husband. " You will pardon me calling so late in the evening," said aitrholt ; " but I am leaving the town. I wish to place in your hands a letter wilchl is of very considerable impor tancu, : ',,lu which you will read a quarter of an lhoiu ,tr r 1nave quitted you." Lady jt. lMadle started, looked at Pierre. point! e l:ace, saw tragedy written there, and, with it woman's instminct, she divined that he was in dallnger. She rose anl wont to one corner of the roomt, where a gentleman was busily consult iug certain papers. " Mr. Small,' sel said, "you see the gen tlomin talking to Sir Edgar ?" " Yes," replied the individual in question, and who, in Iot, was the counsel who had defended Walkingham. " He is in danger of himself. Will you go to the court-house opposite, and order a couple of constabled to watch him, and, if it can be done, even arrest him as he leaves this house ?" t' What can you mean?" " I think Ihe contemplates suicido." " Oh I lot me look at him. Yes, there is despair in his face. I'll do better; I'll get a warrant from one of the justices. But upon what ground " " Say-say lie is mad; and - and has accused himself of Budoley's death." The lawyer looked at Lady St. Maule as though he thought it was she who must be Insane. But marking her calm, resolute face, he smiled, and hurried from the room. leoro lihe returned, Captain Pierrepoint rose, and calmly wished Sir Edgar and Lady St. Mauls good-night. Lady St. Maulo walked toward the door with him. " You are safe," he said. "Good.bye, and for evurl" " Good-bye 1" sie said. The qunarter of an hour through which she thlen pased aged her many years. "'I This lilftoon minutes are at an end," said Sir Edgar. " Let us see what this cavalry captain of tihe doleful counteannco has to say for himselif." She did not dare to trust herself to say a word. " Horror l" cried the baronet. "He ao cuses hlimself of the murder of the man Budoloy, andt says that by the time this letter is being road, he wil have expiated his crime by suicide." It was thouen she contemplated the imn mnsity of her seollfshness in not at once roveonling the facts to her husband. She felt that an innocount lifo had beeoon sacri heed. With a terrible cry, shet was about to tell Sir Edigar all, olwhen the dloor opened, and Mr. Suniil, with the acuteness of his race, soCintg what waits about to happen, saved her by saiying, "Sir Edganr. your friend Captain Pierre. point has been arrested upon some charge, and is now safe in custody." 'lThat atnoe night, the miserable man Gsiles, suddenly seized with an attack of deliritis lfre,iues, blurted out the whole of the particulars of the murodor. In fact, he nmade an unintentional confession of acts andi motives on hisi part. But not a word did he say about Captain Pierrepoint. Cettain imtorial points of evidence wore corroborated, and when, the neat morning, thie wrotelhei man amo to his seonses, he learned what he had done. lieo was committed for trial, and Wal-. eingham acquittei; but it is possible thatb,, his aotual oonfeouion was brought abeut, not by any repentance on his part, but by the information that his abominable wife was dead, in consequence of iflnammation of the lungs, taken at a ballroom, where she had worn a very low-cut dress. 110 ascertained the~e faLts by an application for the payment of certain debts. Then he confessed his crime fully, and threw light upon every point. However, he saved the executioner a morning's work by strangling himself in prison. The sacrificial confession mado by Fair bolt Pierrepoint, written to cave Wabling ham, and at the same time to protect I?ady 8t. Maulo from shame, was never made publio. bIut Sir Edgar himself found the confea dlon in question involved in obscurity. lie sought cnlightment from young Mr. Smail, the dring barrister; and, inasmuch as lawyers are paid to speak falsely, Mr. Smail had no dliloulty whatever in expressing himself. accoi dng to the following termns: "Captain I'ierretpoint loves Mian Walsing ham, and in au oolish and reprehensible. spirlt of insane self.sacrifice, he accused himtolf, and went the length of contern plating suicide to save her brother. lHe did not know that she had loved him ever since she was a little girl. And now all Ibis ugly business is over, it is to be hoped they will marry." Three months afterwards Sir Edgar said to his wife, 'You see, Srmail was right. Pierrepoint has married Grace and has behaved very handsomely to Miss Walsing ham." And so it came about that Lady Maule's secrot was not revealed. 