SOLOMON ISAACS: A CHEISTMAS STOEY. CHAPTER X. MOSES LEVY PLATS A GAME OF CRIBBAGE TTCTH HIMSELF FOE AN IMPORTANT STAKE. By B. L. FABJEON, Author of "Blade-'o-Grass," " Bread-and-Cheese and Kisses," " Grif," " Shadows on the Snow," &c.; [From the Christmas Number of the Observer,'] Towards the end of the week, as Moses Levy returned from his weary wanderings, he met Solomon Isaacs face to face. The rich man would have been glad to avoid the meeting, but being absorbed in meditating upon the suitability of a fine house in a fashionable locality, the lease of which had that day been offered to him, he did not see Moses Levy until he came full plump upon him. It was an awkward moment for both, but more so for the rich man than for the poor man. Solomon Isaacs stammered and flushed up and attempted to say a few words, but they came out of his mouth all of a tangle, and Moses Levy therefore did not understand them. But he understood the manner of his quondam friend and would have expressed himself angrily had he not been restrained by thought of his daughter. " How do you do, Ikey ?" said Moses Levy, forcing himself into this mode of salutation. It cost him a pang to speak the words in a cordial tone; something whispered to him that he owed it to himself to be more dignified, bnt he •was not thinking of himself. His salutation, however, in whatever words it had been expressed, could not have produced a worse effect upon Solomon Isaacs. Ikey ! Ikey! It was a • deliberate insult to be thus addressed—the more he thought of it the more offensive the name was growing to him. He made a clumsy attempt to conceal his annoyance and answered stiffly and ungraciously, " Very well, very well, thankee-Mr. Levy." g | Mr. Levy! The Mr. drove itself like a sharp blade into Moses Levy's heart, for he seemed to hear in it the knell of Rachel's happiness. "Been out to-day?" asked Moses Levy, not knowing exactly what to say. " No," answered Solomon Isaacs, pompously inflating his chest. " 'Aven't you 'eerd " " That you've got suddenly rich!" interrupted Hoses Levy. " Oh, yes. It is true then ?" " Yes—yes—yes!" As though a redundancy of money required a redundancy of affirmation. " I thought it likely you would have come and told us yourself," observed Moses Levy. "Been busy—busy! Had to look after things." " How did it happen ?" * Spekylated—spekylated, Mo!" said Solomon Isaacs, becoming more familiar in the contemplation of his good fortune. "Ah!" ejaculated Moses Levy, dwelling lengthily on the little word. There was a meaning in it aa he uttered it that was not pleasant in Solomon Isaacs' ears. It conveyed to him a doubt, a suspicion that his money had not been well come by, and he Tesented it by saying abruptly, " Good night, good night," and hurrying away. Moses Levy gazed mournfully at the re- ' treating figure of the rich man, and the old clo' ; bag on his shoulders suddenly beeame as heavy ] as lead, notwithstanding that there was very little in it. He crept slowly to his house and tip his two flights of stairs to the little room where Rachel was waiting for him. He did not speak to her of his interview with Leon's father nor of the uneasiness he felt in consequence. He was more than usually tender towards her and strove to cheer her by telling her that he had made a good day's work, which was not true. Then he related to her, in a comical way, a story he had heard in the course of the day, after which he washed himself and said his prayers and sat down with her to tea. " I wonder what Leon ishavingfor tea?"said Kachel during the meal. " Not fried fish you may depend," replied Moses Levy. " He'd sooner be here than where he is—eh, Bachel ?" with a wistful questioning of her pale face. "He says just those words in a letter I got from him this morning." " A good letter, Rachel ?" " A beautiful letter." Moses Levy's spirits rose. - "Does he say anything about—about Mr. Isaacs?" "Ifo," replied Rachel, with blushes—it's all about me." " Then it isn't likely Leon has heard the news, Bachel," I should think not, father. He would i£ve bgpn certain to have mentioned it if he had." "Moses Levy's spirits fell to a desponding point again. Rachel was not in the habit of showing Leon's letters to her father; she would select portions here and there and read them to the old man; but this letter in silence she handed to him. Moses Levy read it carefully. It was in every respect a model lover's letter, and was undoubtedly calculated to promote confidence in the truth and honesty of the writer. Bat the impression left upon Moses Levy's mind by his recent interview with Solomon Isaacs -was too powerful to allow such confidence undisputed sway. Although himself an unworldly man, he was to some extent versed in the world's ways, and he murmured to himself," Leon does not know yet: he does not know." " "What are you saying ?" enquired Rachel, observing that her father's lips were moving. " That it is a beautiful letter, my dear. Leon will be true to you, my dear—yes, yes " "Father!" All the colour had died out of her face, and lier hands were trembling. For a moment she looked upon her father as her enemy, and she took sides against him with Leon and Solomon Isaacs. How dare he whisper a doubt of Leon's truth! To hear it spoken distracted almost beyond endurance her already troubled mind. Her eyes sparkled with resentment against the father she so loved and honoured. . "Bachel, my blessing!" he cried imploringly. " Forgive me—forgive me!" She crept into his arms, and he pressed her to his breast and soothed her with loving -words. " Mr. Isaacs has been too busy to come and see us this week," said^Rachel. " We must not be unjust to him." "No, no, Rachel; you are right—yes, yes, there is no doubt you are right." "When you grow rich, father " "Yes, my blessing," he said, with a wan smile," when I grow rich " " You will be the same at first, you will have so much to do, so much to look after." " Of course, my dear, of course." " So because Mr. Isaacs has not been here yet xre must not blame Leon or doubt Leon. Father, yon and Leon are the two best men in the world. I think you could not do a bad thing if you tried. And Mr. Isaacs is the next best." "Yes, Rachel," replied Moses Levy with a sinking heart, "Solomon Isaacs is a good man, a good man." " There is no sacrifice you can think of," con tinned Rachel with a beautiful glow in her face «that I would not make for Leon's sake, and because his father has had the good fortune to grow rich—for I suppose it is true—I am not £oing to believe that this is a wicked ertiel world. "Why it should make things brighter for ns instead of darker." "True, my dear. I am a heartless, unfeeling 4>ld man. 3 ' •* You are not—you are not," she said with a food pressure, kissing his old fingers. " Only you must never whisper a word against Leon— .never, never!" "Youwill never hear a word of that sort pass my lips, Bachel." " Not against Mr. Isaacs. He's not to be blamed because he has grown rich. You wouldn't Blind it yourself, father." *' That I shouldn't, Rachel; there wouldn't be any trouble then, my dear." "And there's none now. You'll see. To-night is Mr. Isaacs' regular night for cribbage. When he's sitting at this table playing with you you'll be sorry for what you're said against him." She cleared the table briskly and placed the greasy old pack of cards and the warworn cribbage-board before her father. Then she went into his bedroom and washedher eyes with cold water and kissed Leon's letter in the dark. Leon not true to her! Would there ever be light in heaven again ? Of the two nights in the week on which Solomon Isaacs, made his appearance in Moses Levy's rooms to play cribbage this, which was-at the latter end of the week, was the most important, for the reason that Rachel used to provide a iittle bit of supper for the old friends. On this occasion there was something especially dainty in the cupboard, a favourite dish which Solomon Isaacs had often praised. For years Solomon Isaacs had not missed a night unless it was holiday time, and Moses Levy felt that the breaking of the custom would be almost like the snapping of a vital cord in his body. Then, again, it was a test—absolutely a test of riglitdoin°" if Solomon Isaacs came scatlieless out of the fire, pure gold indeed would he prove himself to be. Moses Levy awaited the result with fear and trembling. He sat at the table, and in deep suspense listened for the familiar sound or Solomon Isaacs' footfall. Rachel, as usual, took her work in her hand and sat in her accustomed seat, where she could see the old friends and exchange smiles with them. The time passed slowly and heavily, and every moment the silence became more impressive. Nothing was heard but the tick of the old clock, which seemed to beat " He will soon come, lie will not come ; he will soon come, he will not come." It is really true that to both Moses and Rachel Levy's ears the tick of the clock conveyed the same meaning. Moses Levy had but little hope— Rachel had failed to convince him. As though it lay before him in a clear glass had Solomon Isaacs' soul been rerealed to him in their last interview, and when the clock marked half an hour beyond the rich man's usual time of arrival it distinctly proclaimed to him that the old friendship had come to an end. Money had broken the tie between them. But for money he and Solomon Isaacs might have gone on to the end of their days enjoying each other's companionship in the good old way. But for money no cloud would have darkened his dear daughter's happiness. Surely what could work so much ill and bring such unmerited suffering to tender hearts could be nothing but a curse. Sadly and softly so as not to attract Rachel's attention, Moses Levy took up the cards and began to play a game of patience, but afcer losing a couple of games he changed it to cribbage, dealing out the cards fairly and honestly to himself and an opponent "shaped i' the air." In the course of his sad amusement, Moses Levy made mute wagers with his invisible antagonist, out of his hopes and fears. As thus—" If I win," he whispered, shaping each word as distinctly as though an actual opponent were sitting opposite, "If I win, Leon will be faithful to Rachel; if I lose, he will be false to her." And he lost every game! It would be difficult to describe his grief and dismay at the uniformity of this result; if he had won onee he would have been comforted; it would have given him hope. It was with a heavy heart that he scored the game against himself on the cribbage-board. He cast furtive glances at Rachel, actually apprehensive that she knew he was playing for her happiness, and was losing. He tried hard to win; at the commencement of each fresh game he whispered, " This is the real game," trying to cheat himself into the belief that the last was not $)layed in -earnest, and that he really had not meant to stake anything upon it. But his melancholy juggling met with its punishment; not a game could he win, not a game. Ill luck clung close to him, and drove him almost out of his wits. At length he resolved, for the last time, to stake theentire issue on one concluding game. Having settled this definitely and determinedly, having pledged himself solemnly to abide by the result, he proceeded to cut for crib and to deal the cards. He played well and carefully—never in his life had he played so well; he did not throw away a single chance; he played fairly too; to win by trickery would be sure to bring misfortune. The game ran pretty close to the end, when at the last deal he found himself with the best chance of winning he had had during the night. His eyes brightened: his heart grew lighter. It was hisenemy'scrib; he himself wanted only one for game, and his enemy wanted two. He threw out for crib, having a sure two; he cut the cards for his enemy with his right hand, and turned up his enemy's crib card with his left. It was a knave, and it placed his enemy's peg in the winning hole. Moses Levy dropped his cards upoa the table with a look of despair. He had worked himself into such a fever of nervous excitement as to positively believe that the turning up of that knave had irretrievably wrecked his daughter's happiness. It was sufficiently suggestive, Heaven knows, in its application to the affairs of life. For how often are our dearest blasted by the turning up of a knave! CHAPTER XI. THE LESSON OF LOVE. More than a month elapsed before Solomon Isaacs left Spitalfields, and during this time he did not visit Moses Levy. Having no desire to meet his old friend in the street, tie was careful to avoid him; there was a matter in his mind which caused him great disturbance, and it was sot until he had taken his departure from his old quarters that he resolved upon his course of action with reference to it. Leon was still absent from London. His mission had been entirely successful, and had led him to other discoveries in the shape of suitable new goods for his employers. Mentioning this in his correspondence, he was instructed to pursue his enquiries, and although he was anxious to get back to Rachel, his future career, he believed, depended upon his compliance with the orders he received. He had no suspicion that his father had anything to do with his long absence —which was really the case—nor of the change that had taken place in Solomon Isaacs' fortunes. Solomon Isaacs had strictly desired his wife not to mention the matter in her letters. " I want to surprise 'im," said Solomon Isaacs; " I want to make 'im stare." Rachel Levy also had her reasons for keeping silence. Leon, she thought, must surely know that his father had grown rich, and it distressed her and caused her uneasiness that he made no reference to it. She would not, however, write a word on the subject; it was his place to speak first. Solomon Isaacs was most particular in enjoining his wife not to visit Spitalfields until he gave her permission, and when she remonstrated, flew into a passion, and said he knew his own business best. " Do you want to ruin me ?" he cried. She was compelled into obedience, and wept many bitter tears over the estrangement between herself and Rachel Levy. " But why don't they come to see us ?" she asked?" "You'll drive me out of my mind!" was the only reply he vouchsafed. "Can't you waif ? Ain't we up to our 'eads and ears with things ? You take my advice, Milly Isaacs!—let me . manage my own business my own way!" He was certainly busy night and day furnishing his new residence in the West-end of London and superintending certain alterations therein. He was mighty particular about this and that, and endeavoured in his conversations with builders and house-agents to impress them with the notion that he had been used to grandeur all his life. It was a comical sight to see him attempt to act the gentleman, with the old Adam peeping out the moment he began to - bargain with the tradesmen. Then it was that all his native shrewdness was displayed, and that, in his wrangles over the values ef textures and materials, he baited down to the last shilling. When he was gone the tradesmen exchanged winks, and put their fingers to their noses; they knew all about old Solomon Isaacs, and they had many a good laugh at him behind his back. His bank-notes, however, were as good as any other man's. A nice thing it would be in this world if tradesmen were particular as to where the money comes from they put into, their tills! Mrs. Isaacs was dazed and bewildered at this, tremendous jump up the social ladder, and her heart sank as she walked through the grand rooms, and wondered what on earth they were' going to do with them. She did not know whether to be pleased or sorry. At length Solomon Isaacs, having come to a* certain decision, set apart an evening-for his visit to Moses Levy. Behold him, then, mounting the stairs in Spitalfields which led to his old friend's apartments. It had been his custom hitherto to enter the room without ceremony, but on this occasion, after stepping upstairs—not with his old rapid shuffle, but slowly and in a stately manner— he rapped with his knuckles, and waited for permission to enter. He heard the voices of Rachel and her father in the room, and he put his ear to the door, to hear what they were saying. " They're a-playing cribbage,'' he whispered to himself: " I did'nt think Rachel could play." He was correct in his conjecture ; Rachel bad learnt the game for the purpose of amusing her father, and to afford him some recompense for the loss of his old opponent. Solomon Isaacs waited a little, and then rapped again. It is not customary for persons in Moses Levy's condition in life to say " Come in," in response to a knock at the door; they usually open the door for their visitor; and on this occasion Rachel rose, with fcer cards in her hands, and fell back with a little hysterical cry when she saw who the visitor was. This in itself was sufficient to cause some discomposure to Solomon Isaacs, and he lingered on the threshold, scarcely knowing whether to enter the room or go out of the house. Moses Levy, also, was discomposed by the sight of Solomon Isaacs; but he recovered himself quickly, and, actuated both by his anxiety for Rachel and the instinct of hospitality—a beautiful and strougly-marked feature in the Jewish character—he desired his visitor to take a seat, indicating, with a courteous motion of his hand, the chair which Solomon Isaacs was to occupy. The unusual circumstance of Solomon Isaacs removing his hat from his head when he sat down may have baen brought about by his desire to indicate by an outward sign that his present visit was not to be regarded in the same light as of old, or it may have been compelled by the singularly courteous manner of Moses Levy, whose calmness, considering the stake at issue, was wonderful to behold. The two old friends presented at this moment a notable contrast. Moses Levy's white beard, his benevolent •expression, his blue eyes—somewhat of an uncommon attribute among Jews—his loosely-hanging old coat, the stoop of his shoulders, his shapely hands, formed a harmonious and pleasant picture. In his youth, he must have been remarkably handsome. and the goodness of his character and the simplicity of his heart imparted grace to his old age. In his face you could see the source of Rachel's beauty, and the likeness between them received a spiritual charm from the fact that in feeling and sentiment the one was the exact counterpart of the other. Moses Levy's face was almost fair, and the furrows in his forehead added to the benignancy of his appearance. Solomon Isaacs' forehead and face were also deeply furrowed, but the spirit of cunning lurked in the hard lines, and the pinched nostrils and the wrinkles in the corners of his lips were telltale witnesses of a life storm-tossed by greed and avarice. Moses Levy's voice was soft and silvery. Solomon Isaacs' voice, since he had become rich, had grown more than ever like the turning of a rusty key in a rusty lock. Solomon Isaacs was dressed in a new suit of clothes from the top of his head to the sole of his foot—a suit of clothes not bought ready-made, but cut and put together by a fashionable tailor. The cloth of his coat was superfine of the superfinest ; his waistcoat was soft and velvety; his hat was glossy of the glossiest. His open ccat displayed a massive gold chain, weighing fcur ounces at least, the device of which was forr ed by solid links of gold manacled to each other like galley-slaves; and he wore a great diamond pin in his black satin cravat, and three great diamond rings on his fingers, outside his gloves —any of which articles of jewellery he would have been glad to sell you, at a profit, at a moment's notice. But with all his finery, if ever a man in this world preseuted a mean and disreputable appearance, Solomon Isaacs did so, as he sat in the presence of Moses and Rachel Levy. He was abashed by the modest beauty of Rachel and by the dignity of her father, and he did not feel at his ease. He was rendered still more uncomfortable by Moses Levy's behaviour towards him. With a great deal of fuss and parade, he touk from his waistcoat pocket a beautiful heavy gold watch, and opening it held it in his hand a much longer time than was necessary for him or any other man to ascertain the hour. He was compelled to turn its face towards the lamp upon the table, so that the hands might catch the light. Moses Levy's eyes ws;idered to the watch, and Moses Levy smiled, and never a word in praise of the watch passed Moses Levy's lips. Solomon Isaacs was much disappointed. He fully expected Moses Levy to exclain, " Oh, what a lovely watch! How much did it cost ?" and was prepared in an amicable spirit to go into the question of value. He closed the watch with a vicious click, and returning it to his pocket, smoothed his face with his hands in such a manner as to most conspiciously display the beauty and brilliancy of the diamonds on his fingers. And Moses Levy's eyes wandered again, and his lips smiled, but never a word in praise of the rings did Moses Levy utter. All this sideplay did not take place in perfect silence. When Solomon Isaacs was seated, and the door closed, Moses Levy bade Rachel sit down, and said, without any further notice of his visitor, * We will finish our game, my dear." It proceeded but slowly, and ten minutes elapsed before it was finished. Solomon Isaacs, despite the attention he lavished upon himself and his personal adornments, found time to watch the progress of the game, and thought, " 'Ow badly Rachel Levy plays—'ow badly she plays'." She did play badly; she hardly knew what she was doing. Her eyes were so dim that she could hardly tell hearts from diamonds — perhaps because hearts and diamonds was really the game that was being played in her life just then. " You have lost, my dear," said Moses Levy, with a sad significance in his tone. He carefully packed up the cards, and placing them and the cribbage-board in the cupboard, resumed his seat, and waited for Solomon Isaacs to speak. He was determined not to be the first; and Solomon Isaacs perceiving this, ana that it placed him at a disadvantage, said to himself," I'll be even with 'im for it, the beast! —I'll be even with 'im!" " Well, Mo," he said aloud, clearing his throat after the awkward pause, " and 'ow's business ?" It was undoubtedly a familiar way tor a rich man like Solomon Isaacs to address so poor a person as Moses Levy, but Solomon Isaacs had a purpose to achieve, and was ready to make any sacrifice to succeed. But for that he would surely have resented the affront offered to him in being compelled to wait like a servant until Rachel and her father had finished their game of cribbage. " Well, Mo, and 'ow's business ?" " Pretty well the same as when you left i f , Mr. Isaacs," replied Moses Levy. "ILoug'.t a good lot to-day." " Glad to 'ear it, Mo, glad to 'ear it," sa;d Solomon Isaacs, and then paused from not knowing how to proceed. Moses Levy showed no disposition to assist him out of his dilemma, and every moment of continued silence added to his perplexity and annoyance. Rachel had taken up her work, and although her fingers were busy with the needle, and she never once raised her eyes to Solomon Isaacs' face, all her heart was in her ears. During this pause time is allowed for the contemplation of the picture of life presented in the humble room in Spitalfields, with all its mementoes of homely love and suffering. The oddly-assorted furniture, the worn carpet, the cheap ornaments; the simple tokens of affection, each of which has in the bygone days given pleasure to the giver and the receiver; the chair in which Rachel's mother used to sit and gaze with loving eyes upon the bright flower of her existence; her faded picture over the mantelshelf, and by its side the newer picture of Leon, fresh and smiling; the Hebrew device upon the eastern wall, worked in silk by Rachel's hands, towards which Moses Levy turns his eyes when he prays—all hallowed by the spirit of love which, in hours of peace and heartsease, sheds its sweet influence over the meanest things. Staring before him uneasily sits Solomon; Isaacs, and near him Moses Levy, with sad benignant features, and the modest figure of Rachel bending over her work. Her face is hidden from the men, and. its gentle grace and beauty are shadowed'by fear and -sorrow. The old clock marks the record which hastens all mankind to the common level of the grave, and its melancholy accents seem to proclaim a knowledge of the game that the living actors in the room are playing—seems to indicate a consciousness of the sickening battle which is being fought in the hearts of Rachel and her father. Truly the game resembles some games of cards. " I play hearts !" whispers poor Rachel, with white and trembling lips. " I play diamonds!" cries Solomon Isaacs, and a cold glitter of money darls from his eyes, like a poison fang, and strikes desolation into the young girl's life. There are old, old lessons which are always new. There are old, old lessons which played their parts thousands of years ago, and which are playing their parts to-day, as though they are newly born, and imbued with the strength of a strong young life. The lesson of love is one of these. What was put into the earth thousands of years ago, of which no material atom shall evermore be seen—what turned into dust thousands of years ago, and was used in afterdays for heaven knows what base purpose— once pulsed with such hopes and fears as Rachel's heart is pulsing with now. Think of the dust of a pure-souled, tender-hearted woman —be she lowly-born or highly-born it matters not—and then of the passion, perhaps the agony, perhaps the fruition of love, which stirred the heart of that dust, when it was young and bright and imbued with life. The dawning of the love—the musings by day, the dreams by night—the tender fancies, the fond imaginings, the sweet hopes, the flushing of bright blood to neck and face when her lover comes before her, not as he is, but as her great Jove makes him— the thrills of adoration, the shy glances, the tender hand- clasps, the joy hidden in the hero's breast—what symbols them now ? Dust. The heart that beat, the eye that brightened, the fingers in whose soft pressure heaven-born hopes were wont to speak, the dewy eyelash, the tone": that uttered the loving thought—a handful or dust is all that remains. It is the old, old story—the old, old lesson, to which men's and women's hearts have throbbed since the first man and the first woman drew breath in the Garden of Eden. Old as the hills, new as the sunrise. Glad am I to believe that some who read this simple tale of human passion must surely know that what these things are the symbol of shall never die if it fee pure. Flesh shall turn to dust, and in its transformation shell play its allotted part in Nature's wondrous scheme—shall strengthen the veins of tender blades of grass, shall ripen the juices of buttercup and daisy, shall make the air healthful for t-rte and flower—shall fade utterly away, and lose all form and likeness of itself; but love that is pure shall live for ever untransformed. And another old lesson! Mammon-worship— the lust for power born of money! What need to speak of the shame of it, when it lives apart fiom nobler attributes ? But how we covet it— bow we yearn for it—how we pray, lie, and sin for it! Here is a truism—new it maybe, though it is scarcely likely, for there are not many such, but not the less true whether it be old or new. Those are the most blessed who are not born to money. Sweet as the morning's dew is money when it is honestly earned; sweeter than dew when it is well and worthily used. " I have more than enough for my wants—take you my poor and struggling brother, a portion of my superfluous store. With free hand and heart I give; take—and let no one know." Here is another truism:—Too much money makes a man drunk. CHAPTER XII. SOLOMON ISAACS MAKES A PROPOSITION TO RACHEL. Finding that Moses Levy would not speak, Solomon Isaacs was compelled once more to break the silence. In an injured tone he asked:— " Ain't you pleased to see me, Mo ?" Moses Levy returned a qualified answer. " I am always pleased to see my friends." " I'd 'ave been 'ere before, but I couldn't find time. I've come now on a little bit of busines?. Business is always agreeable, eh, Mo? Always agreeable!" " I didn't suppose you came on a little bit of pleasure," replied Moses Levy, pointedly waiving fbe agreeable aspect of the visit; " though you have been glad to do that, new and then, you remember." " Yes, yes," said Solomon Isaacs, turning his largest diamond to the light, and admiring the brilliancy of the stone; " but times is changed now, times is changed." " They are, indeed," responded Moses Levy. " And we must go with 'em; we've got tj go with 'em—eh ?" " You know best, Mr. Isaacs." " Of course I do, of course I do. I'm a i ich man now"—and Solomon Isaacs would have proceeded to dilate upon his riches but that Moses Levy, mildly and firmly, arrested the arrogant current with— " Never mind that, if you please." " Oh, as you like!" blustered Solomon Isaacs; " I don't want to force it on you." " Thank you. Will you be kind enough to let me know the little bit of business you've come upon ?" Thus challenged, Solomon Isaacs turned to Rachel, and addressed her in a tone of whining familiarity. " Rachel, I want to say something private to your father. 'Adn't you better leave the room, my dear ?" Rachel raised her eyes pleadingly to her fathers face, and said to him, without uttering a word—eyes can on occasions speak more eloquently than words—" He is going to speak about Leon. Do npt send me away; let me stay." " Yes, my child," said Moses Levy, in answer to the silent appeal, " you can stay. There is not the slightest occasion for you to go." " As a particular favour, Rachelsaid Solomon Isaacs, " I arks it as a particular favour I" Rachel did not look at him; her eyes were still directed towards her father, waiting for a fuller expression of his wish. " Mr. Isaacs," continued Moses Levy steadily, " has been in the habit of coming here night after night ever since you were born, Rachel; he has been in this room hundreds of times, and never a word has passed between us that I ! should be sorry for you to hear. What he has to say now he can say before you, if he is not ashamed." " Ashamed !" cried Solomon Isaacs. i " You must blame yourself for making me speak the word," said Moses Levy, with a grave • motion of his hands; " if I have used it wrongly, 1 I beg your pardon." " But, Mo!" still urged Solomon Isaacs. " Call me Mr. Levy," said Moses Levy, with a touch of pride; " it will sound much better as things are. And as for Rachel, it is my desire that she shall not leave the room. So, as your time must be very precious now that you're a rich man, you had best come at once to your little bit of business." It was evident that delicacy of feeling was thrown away upon such an obstinate old man as Moses Levy, and Solomon Isaacs had no alternative but to speak in the presence of Rachel, who had quietly resumed her work. " Well, then, Mo " " Mr. Levy, if you please," again interrupted Moses Levy. " Well, then, Mr. Levy," cried Solomon Isaacs, firing up at Moses Levy's obstinacy, but cooling down at the thought that if he spoke in anger lie might not be able to accomplish his purpose. It's best to speak plain, ain't it ?" " Surely, surely," said Moses Levy, with a significant glance at the rich man; " plain and honest speaking, like plain and honest dealing, is the best." " Jist my motto. No 'umbug, you know; come to the point, you know. Since I've got rich—no offence in mentioning it, I 'ope ?"—and Solomon Isaacs broke off suddenly, thinking he had made a good hit. " It's no offence to me, if it's none to you." " You're very good. I can't say 'ow much obliged to you I am." " Don't, then." "Don't what?" exclaimed Solomon Isaacs, not knowing from Moses Levy's impenetrable manner whether his arrows were taking effect. " Don't say how much obliged to me you are," replied Moses Levy. Solomon Isaacs felt as though he would have liked to throw something at Moses Levy's head. " You exarsperate me so," he cried, " that I don't know where I am! Where was I ?" " Since you grew rich," prompted Moses Levy. " Yes, yes, thafs it. Since I've got rich, I've been thinking a good deal. When a^-a gentleman ain't got no longer to go out with 'is bag for a living, he can't 'elp thinking of all sorts of things, can he ?" A happy illustration occurred to him here. " When a old suit of clothes is worn out, and you've got no more use for 'em, you throw 'em away or sell 'em, you know." " And when old friends," added Moses Levy, continuing the illustration, "are, as you say, worn out and you have no further use for theai, do you throw them away or sell them ?" "Ha, ha!" chuckled Solomon Isaacs; "you will 'ave y®ur joke, Mo; you will 'ave your joke." " My joke!" echoed Moses Levy sadly. " Among other things," said Solomon Isaac?, " I've been thinking of Leon, and what's open to him now that he'll come into money." He watched Moses Levy's face narrowly to see how this was received. " Go on, Mr. Isaacs," said Moses Levy quietly. " Well, this is 'ow it is. There's a sort of a— a kind of a—you know what I mean—between Leon and Rachel." I don't know what you mean," said Moses Levy ; his heart was bleeding in his daughter's cause, but he was at the same time obstinately bent upon compelling Solomon Isaacs to spea< plainly. Another opportunity might not be afforded to him of ascertaining exactly how the ground lay. " A kiud of a—a sort of a—what, between Leon and Kachel " You know, Mo—Mr., I mean—a sort of engager-.ent/' " I can't say that I exactly understand you," said Moses Levy, Lis hands tightly clasped. 4 *Thue is no question as to the engagement be? ecu my daughter and your son. There is j'.u absolute and not to be disputed engagement Rachel, my dear, you can leave the room if you wish." " No, father," said Rachel, in as steady a voice as she could command. " I will stay, if you please." " Very good, my dear: go on with your work." He was fearful that if he watched her too closely she might break down, and he therefore turned his attention to his visitor. He had a clear duty to perform towards his daughter. He was her champion, her defender, her only friend, and his eyes kindled as they fell upon the hard face of the man who sat opposite to him. " There is, as I have said, an absolute and positive engagement between my child and yours. They sat for joy in this very room; you were present the whole of the day, and shook hands with every one who came to congratulate us upon what I hoped would prove the happiness of my child's life. You have no intention of denying this, I suppose." " I ain't a going to deny it. I've come 'ere for your good and Rachel's." " I hope so, Mr. Isaacs," said Moses Levy more mildly. " If you'll only listen to reason! You're old enough to know the ways of the world, but you talk like a babby—as if you were born yesterday !" (So ill at ease was Solomon Isaacs as he administered this rebuke, that in his nervousness he plucked the button from one of his gloves—colour, invisible green—in which his large coarse hands were encased.) " Can't you see 'ow it is yourself ? When you was poor and I was poor, it was all very well; but now that I'm rich, things is different to what they was. Leon can look 'igher than Rachel, who is a good girl—oh, yes, a good girl! Fm not a-going to speak agin 'er, for Pve always been fond of 'er, and she wouldn't stand in Leon's way. She knows 'er position, and—and " And here Solomon Isaacs' voice trailed off like a clock that had been over-wound, and had come to a gradual stop. The colour had flushed into Moses Levy's face, and Rachel's head had drooped lower, lower over her work, upon which her tears were falling. " Yes, Mr. Isaacs," said Moses Levy, " Rachel knows her position. You are quite right there. Has that anything to do with the business you have come upon ?" " Of course it 'as. Rachel's been properly brought up, and 'as feelings; I've thought a good deal of that. Oh, yes—Rachel 'as feelings! Now what will people say about Rachel when they know that she wants to marry Leon for 'is money—that she wants to marry 'im because he's rich ? What will people say—eh? All sorts of nasty thingsAll sorts of nasty things ! Aud Rachel's too proud a girl, I'm sure—ain't you, my dear ?—to stand it." No sound came from Rachel's lips in response. Her tear-stained face was hidden both from the man who loved her more dearly than his own life and the man who was conspiring against her happiness. Her fingers were idle now— indeed, she could not see her work, for her tears were blinding her—and they trembled so that, even if her eyes had been clear, she would have made but a clumsy job of her stitches. Moses Levy leant forward to her, and with a firm fond clasp of her hand, whispered— " Keep up your courage, my dear—don't break down before him. I, your father, will speak for you." Then he said aloud:— " When Leon and Rachel were engaged, Mr. Isaacs, there was no question of money between them. It was known that I was a poor man, and I told Leon that Rachel had not a penny—not a penny. He was quite satisfied. He said he wanted nothing with my daughter—he wanted only her." " That was then," said Solomon Isaacs testily, " and then ain't now." " I believed—everybody believed—that Leon was quite as poor as Rachel is. If there was any advantage on either side—God forbid I should say there was!—but if calculating persons had at that time reckoned up what they might have considered advantages, the balance of good fortune would have fallen to Leon's share in having won the love of my daughter. It was not a question of money—it was a question of love." " Love!" sneered Solomon Isaacs. " Rubbish —rubbish!" "That is your creed—it is not mine. Anyhow, I did not welcome Leon here for anything but himself and his good qualities. I did not ask I him to come, which does not mean that I was not glad to 6ee him and that I did not feel towards him as I would have felt towards a son of my own. He came after Rachel, Rachel did not go after him, although," added Moses Levy in the words a patriarch of old might have used, " Rachel's heart went out to him, and she was ready to follow him, even as Rebecca followed Isaac" "I daresay, I daresay," responded Solomon Isaacs, -displaying infinite patience in his conduct of this delicate matter. " But then it was water and water ; now it's water and wine." " Which is the water and which the wine, Mr. Isaacs?" "What a question! Are you out of your mind ? Water you can git for nothing, but you can't pump wine out of a well, and when itrjiius you know what goes into your waterbutt. I s ty agin—think of what people'll say when they know that Rachel wants to marry Leon for 'is money." " If they know anything of the sort it will be a false knowledge, and as for what might fall from wicked tongues under any circumstances— though out of this room I've heard nothing as yet that Rachel would be sorry to hear—you know, Mr. Isaacs, that you can't keep people from saying ill-natured things. There's that man the "Vampire that you had the quarrel with when yon tried to sell yoar bag. You'd be astonished to hear the nasty things he has said about you since you left Spitalfields." " The Irish thief!" cried Solomon Isaacs in a fury, "he tried to swindle me, he did! He may thank 'is stars I didn't 'ave the law of 'im. I could ruin 'im the thief, I could!" " Don't you think therefore," remarked Moses Levy, "that we had best leave off talking of what people choose to say of us? Haven't we troubles enough already without making another trouble of that? The best judge we can have is our conscience." "So it is, eo it is. That is what I want Rachel to consider." "She will consider it, and now as I suppose you have said all that you came here to say let us wish each other good-night and leave everything else to be settled when Leon returns from Germany." Moses Levy made this suggestion from his conviction that no good result would be achieved by continuing the interview, and in the belief that Solomon Isaacs had really nothing more to say. He was soon undeceived. " There you go," exclaimed Solomon Isaacs, " flying off agin before Pve commenced what I want to speak about." " Indeed! Had you not better come to the point at once then ?" " To be sure— yes, yes—that's sensible. Well, Mrs. Isaacs and me 'as talked it over, and we've thought it best to make a proposition." " A proposition!'' echoed Moses Levy clutching the arms of his chair. "Yes, a proposition—a sensible, business proposition. It stands to reason, don't it Mo ?— Mr. I mean—that as things is Leon can't marry Rachel, and Rachel's too good a girl, too good and sensible a girl, to want to marry Leon now that nasty remarks '11 be sure ^o be thrown in 'er face. But right's right—oh, you'll find I mean to act straight and honest. Rachel '11 be a little disappointed at first, perhaps, at losing a chance. Not that there's hot as good fish in the sea as ever came out of it. Rachel's a good-looking girl, and there's a'undred young chaps as'd be glad to 'av 'er, and I'm going to make it up to 'er 'andsome, Mo, 'andsome. I daresay she'd like a new silk dress and a gold watch and chain, aud a ring—and—and—the long «nd the short of it is that if you and Rachel '11 sign this paper, only jist put your names to it, I'll give you fifty pounds—there!—not a cheque, Mo, or banknotes, but gold—fifty golden sovereigns 'ere thi verv minute on this very table !" Solomon Isaacs took from his breastpocket, very near his heart, a little chamois-leather bag tightly strangled at the neck, filled with sovereigns, and plumped it upon the table, so that the full rich sound might convey its proper meaning to the ears of Rachel and her tatner. But though he danced it upon the table aud dandled it with as much pride and affection as he might have exhibited had it been his own flesh and blood, he kept a firm hold of the little bag, lest either Moses Levy or Rachel should snatch it from him and run away with the precious treasure. In one hand he held the gold close to him; in his other hand he held the paper, for the signing of which he was ready to pay so handsome a sum. Strange to say Moses Levy evinced no immediate anxiety to examine the document which Solomon Isaacs held towards him, and for a little while neither moved nor spoke. " It is only fair to us," he said presently, " that we should know the exact truth." " That's what I want you to know," replied Solomon Isaacs, congratulating himself upon the absence of passion in Moses Levy's voice. "You think it would be wrong, notwithstanding what has passed between them, that Rachel should desire to marry Leon ?" " She wouldn't desire no such a thing. She's too proud a girl—too proud a girl." "Answer my question if you please, Mr. Isaacs. You think it would be wrong ?" "You're as good as a lawyer, Mo. Yes, I think it would be wrong. It stands to reason." " Mrs. Isaacs also thinks so ?" " Of course she does." " She has said as much ? One moment, please," stopping the answer he saw rising to Solomon Isaacs' lips. " I might take it into my head te go to Mrs. Isaacs and ask her the question myself if I saw any reason to doubt." " Well, then," said Solomon Isaacs with prudent candour, " she ain't said so exactly, but she thinks so—she can't think different." " Then it isn't quite true that you and Mrs. Isaacs have talked it over, as you said juit now?" "Well, not exactly talked it over, Mo; I ain't going to deceive you, but I ought to know my own wife by this time." " You ought to—yes." " It's what she would say then if we 'ad talked it over. There's no doubt of that." " You <ii.:ii"t sKow her the little bag of money you have there ?" " There was no call to show 'er," said Solomon Isaacs, beginning to experience some slight annoyance at this string of questions. " So that we know now exactly how the matter stands," remarked Moses Levy, taking the paper which Solomon Isaacs wished them to sign. It was a carefully-worded document, drawn up by Solomon Isaacs' lawyer, in which Rachel Levy, for the consideration of fifty pounds current coin of the realm, the receipt of which she acknowledged, released Leon Isaacs from his engagement with her. " And this is your little bit of business?" said Moses Levy after a silent perusal of the release. " Yes, Mo, yes!" replied Solomon Isaacs, rubbing his hands in satisfaction. Everything was right; there was no scene, no bullying. Moses Levy was to all appearances calm and composed, and no word escaped from Rachel's lips. Her bosom rose and fell tuniultucusly, but nothing could be more natural than such emotion, undoubtedly produced by the startling ptospect of coming into so much money. There crept into Solomon Isaacs' mind, now that the matter was about to be satisfactorily settled, a feeling of remorse that he had effered so much. Fifty pounds! He was a fool— a fool! Why had he not offered twenty-five ? It would have done the business quite as well as fifty. " Mo Levy's a thief! v he thought with a troubled heart; " he's a thief! He's robbing me of twenty-five pounds!" " Are you sure,' said Moses Levy, " that you have not given me the wrong paper ?" The chance shot took effect, for it happened that Solomon Isaacs had carried away from his lawyer's two documents, closely resembling each other in appearance, but entirely different in the nature of their contents. " Let me see it!" he cried in alarm, snatching the paper from Moses Levy's hands. " No, no, it's the right un; I put a thumb mark in the corner 'ere so that I should know it agin." The unmistakable mark of a broad and dirty thumb was there; but Solomon Isaacs, gazing at his sign-manual, was still haunted by a misgiving that he might have smudged the wrong document. The contents did not enlighten him being as so much Greek in his eyes. " Read it to Rachel," said Moses Levy, <vith a pardonable touch of spiteful satire. " But I forgot, you are not able to read. Rachel, my dear, listen to me. This is a paper which Mr. Isaacs wishes you to sign, by which act you release Leon from his engagement with you, and leave him free to marry whom he pleases. For signing this release Mr. Isaacs is ready to give you fifty sovereigns—he has the money in the little bag he is dancing on the table. I see that Mr. Isaacs' lawyer has written R. L. with a pencil to show you where your name is to go, and here is M. L. in pencil, in the place my name is to go. I &m; to witness your signature, my dear. Do you understand ?" "Yes, father." " Mr. Isaacs is anxious that the matter should be placed clearly before you, and that you should know the exact truth—are you not, Mr. Isaacs?" "Certainly, Mo, certainly," replied Solomon Isaacs, with a wistful, hungry look at the bag of gold. " Therefore, Rachel, it is right I should tell you what Mr. Isaacs has forgotten to mention. He is afraid that you might bring an action for breach of promise against Leon." " No, Mo, I give you my word !" remonstrated Solomon Isaacs, raising his hands in astonishment at the suggestion. " And," continued Moses Levy, taking no notice of the interruption, " Mr. Isaacs does not relish the idea of going to law. Such ugly things come out when a man's in the witnessbox ! Think carefully of everything, Rachel. Think of the effect it will have upon Leon when Mr. Isaacs tells him you have taken money to give him up; and at the same time, my dear, don't forget the gold watch and chain and the silk dress, and the other nice things you can buy with the money—for it will be yours, my dear, not mine. Take time, Rachel, before you decide." Not a muscle in Rachel Levy's face had stirred during the explanation. In a voice almost as calm as her father's, she said, " Does Leon know of this, father ?" " Does Leon know of this, Mr. Isaacs ?" repeated Moses Levy ? " Yes—no! I won't tell a lie, Mo. Leon is away in Germany, you know." For the first time that evening Rachel turned towards Solomon Isaacs, and looked him steadily in the face. His lips twitched as the pure light of her truthful eyes fell upon tbem, and heplucked the button off his other glove in hisnervousness. " You are a rich man, Sir," said Rachel, " and Leon's father; but if I thought that Leon's heart was like yours, and that it could, be so hard and cruel, I should be even more unhappy than you have made me." " What do you mean ? What does she mean?' stammered Solomon Isaacs, confounded at this change in the aspect of affairs. " She means this, Solomon Isaacs," exclaimed Moses Levy; " be silent Rachel, my du.ir, I will say the rest. She means this—that you're a contemptible, rascally !—but no I will not say it,, because of Leon and Rachel. I—I don't want to forget myself, so take yourself, and your new clothes, and your diamond rings, ami your bag of money out of my room at once ! T-tke them out, I say, and never show your face here agtin. unless it is to beg pardon of my child !" Solomon Isaacs grew scarlet in the fiiue. " I wash my 'ands of you.'" he cried as he rose, trembling with passion. " You —you beggar!" _ "Yes, I am a beggar," said Moses Levy, also' rising, and speakiug with dignity—lie afterwards declared that he was astonished he had been able to ki-ep himself cool; " and you are a rich man. But I wouldn't change places with you, though your money were m ultiplied a thousandfold. I would like to be rich, not for my own sake, but for my child's"—(his hknd was resting on her head, as if in the act of blessing her)—" but I would not care to grow so in the way you have done, if a tenth part of what I heard is true. You and I are old men,, and must soon die—but I think my death-bed will be happier than yours, poor as I am, rich as you are. You can't take your gold and your diamonds with you to the grave. Naked shall you stand before the Glory of God, and by your ' deeds shall you be judged?" CHAPTER XIII. SOLOMON ISAACS CHANGES HIS NAME. Solomon Isaacs strove to put the words addressed to him by Moses Levy entirely out of his mind. Upon his return home Mrs. Isaacswas in bed, anri as the game had gone againsthim, no impulse came upon him to awake her for the purpose of relating how it had been played. The next morning other matters occupied his attention, among them being the important announcement of Leon's early return. The young man's employers told Solomon Isaacs they expected him in a couple of days, and as Leon's first business was with them, Solomon. Isaacs left his new address for his son, desiring him to come at once to the grand house in the West-end which was henceforth to be his home. Two days afterwards Leon arrived. His train was late, and his interview with his employers delayed him until nearly midnight. As the son of a rich man, they received him at their private house, and before he left he was informed of the change that had taken place in his father's' circumstances. "But why has he been so secret about It?" enquired Leon. " I have been away now nearly four months, and this is the first-word I-have heard." " Your father wished to surprise you," they replied. " He has surprised me," was Leon's remark, as he wished his employers good-night in a somewhat bewildered mood. Why had not Rachel written to him about it? ' What was the reason of all this mystery ?. These were the questions that perplexed the young man's mind. It was nearly midnight, and therefore too late to so to Spitalfields, so he had no option but to drive straight to his father's house. His mother and father were- waiting up for him. The door was opened by a solemn individual in silk stockings and a powdered wig, at whom Leon burst out laughing, as much from nervousness as from a sense of humour. His nerves were so highly strung that any trifle would have driven him either into a fit of trying or laughing. "Where is my father?" asked Leon. " Hup-stairs, Sir," replied the footman, not a muscle of his face moving. Mrs. Isaacs wanted to run down when she heard Leon's ring at the door; but her - husband bade her sit still. " We must do the thing fashionable," he said. " We musn't expose ourselves to the servants." j So. when Leon entered the drawing-room, he beheld his parents sitting bolt upright in gilt chairs, from which they did not move until the servant shut the door upon them. In the pas- sage, and alone, that functionary's proceedings were worth seeing. Gavarni or Leech would - have been delighted at the study. His face broadened into laughing lines,his eyes twinkled with merriment, he rubbtd his plush breeches, he twisted himself about in the most extraordinary way. Not a sound escaped him ; .he went through the impromptu programme in dead silence, and stepped into the pantry with a cat's step, shaking with laughter. Leon's parents were dressed in their finest clothes; both wore gloves; his mother had a feather stuck in her hair; his father wore a fashionable dressing-gown, with gold tassels, and.. a smoking-cap perched on one side of his heacL These small matters of detail were the invention of Solomon Isaacs; he kept his eyes open in - his new sphere of life, and knew the correctthing to do. He looked rakish and foolish; Mrs. Isaacs was trembling and agitated, her only desire was to throw her arms round her boy'sneck, and clasp him to hor bosom. " Well, Leon," said Solomon Isaacs, observing. with satisfaction the expression of wonder on his - son's face. " Well, father," said Leon—and would have said heaven knows what in his bewilderment^ had not a look of alarm on his father's lips arrested his words. "Supper is served, Sir," said a voice behind him. It was another footman, acting according to his instructions, but entering a minute sooner than he was expected by his master. Solomon Isaacs was afraid of his grand servants, and was- - apprehensive that Leon might say something that would compromise him in the eyes of his - domestics. " I don't want any supper," said Leon, motion- - ing the servant out of the room with an impatient wave of his hand. " What is the meaning of all this, father ?" "Can't you see?" answered Solomon Isaacs.. " We're rich now, and moving in a different • spear." "All right," exclaimed Leon, shrugging his shoulders; "you can tell me everything tomorrow. Mother, give me a kiss, and take that - absurd feather out of your head. Good night, father. Pm tired, and I'm going to bed. What are you ringing for ?" •'For the servant to show you your room,"' replied Solomon Isaacs, somewhat abashed. " Mother will show it to me. Good- night." In the bedroom his mother told him a great • deal; he listened patiently, and took advantage of a pause by enquiring after Rachel and Moses = Levy. " Pll tell you all about 'em to-morrow, Leon," * said Mrs. Isaacs. "Go to sleep, now; there's - your father a-calling of me." For the first time in her life she felt unhappy • and uncomfortable in the presence of her son. In the morning she was in his room before he = was awake. When he opened his eyes the sun. was pouring in at the window, and his mother • was sitting by his bedside. "Why, mother," said Leon, drawing her down i to him, and kissing her, " it must be late." "It's pest eleven, Leon," said Mrs. Isaacs. "But don't 'urry up. You must be dreadful": tired after your long journey. 'Ere's some letters for you. When you're dressed get your breakfast—Pve 'ad mine hours ago—and then. come to ms, and we'll 'ave a long, long talk." Leon Wf.s satisfied with this arrangement, and allowed his mother to leave without enquiring - about Rachel. In a lazy mood he looked at the letters his mother had placed on the bed. An exclamation of gladness escaped him as on one of the envelopes he recognised Rachel's handwriting. He opened it eagerly, and read:— " My Dear Leon—^Since I last saw you so many strange things have occurred that I scarcely know how to write to you. And yet I have a duty to perform which must be performed, notwithstanding the pain it gives me. "When we werefirst engaged our circumstances were equal, and we were both to or. Some time ago, however,. we were all surprised to hear that your fatlie bad grown rich. I was a little bit afraid of the news, I must confess, for Z knew the difference that money makes in people. It has made a great difference in your father. You know he used to come twice a week to play cribbage with my dear father; but from the moment it was known that he was rich he nsver came near us until the night before last. I am sorry to tell you the purpose for which he came; but I am compelled to do so by truth and respect for myself and my own dear father. He said that now you "were rich it would not be right for you to marry a poor girl like me, and that he was sure I would not stand in your way. I would not stand in your way, Leon, for worlds, although I believe if I was somehow to grow suddenly rich •and you remained poor, it would be my bes" pleasure to come to you and -•say, 'Be>e, Leon, here is my money— it in youi s, and I only hope it will make us happier than 1 am sure we should have been with- •out it!' But, then, that is all fancy, and I only -write it because it is in my thoughts, and because I think it right that you should know ^something of what is in my mind. Your father, after a fouil deal of hesitation, then asked me to sign a JKIIXT. releasing you from our engagement, ;andoffered me fifty sovereigns it I would do it. Fifty sovereigns! Why, it would more than furnish the rooms we were to live in when we •were man ieJ! But I was hurt and sorry that ie should liwe made the offer; for he must have thought within himself that I could be bought fci money. As if love was a thing that •can lie I O' ght and sold ! Well now, Leon, you •can guess ;lie answer I gave him; you, who know me so well, can understand that I refused his money. And I am afraid that my dear father sai< I some hard words to him. But they were true, h rd as they were. All this occurred two days ago, and I have been thinking very seriously of what is the right thing for me to Ao. I ha-v--made up my mind. How that you BIB rich I have no right to stand in your way; US your lather says, you can look higher than me now. I do for love what I would not do for money; 1 release you from the engagement. •JFhere! it is written; and hard as it was to Write, I feel more easy now. You must not think harshly of me you must not think that I 4am changed; I am the same Rachel that you liave always known, and I am doing what I believe to be right. So now, Leon, good-bye, I hope you will be happy and prosperous.—Yours affectionately, "RACHEL LEVY." Leon read the letter three or four times. All was clear to him now, and he understood why his father had not informed him that he was no longer poor, aud why his mother was so agitated •when he mentioned Rachel's name. He was not long making up his mind as to the course he should pursue, and with as much coolness as he could bring to his aid he dressed himself, breakfasted, and then went to the room in which his mother and father were sitting. He found them looking admiringly at some visiting-cards, which had been delivered within the last five minutes. There were three small packages, and the names inscribed upon them were— ME. SLOMAN IZARD. MBS. SLOMAN IZARD. Ms. LEON IZABD. Before Leon could utter a word his father thrust one of the packets in his hand, and said— " There, Leon, that's yours." Leon read the name aloud: " Mr. Leon Izard. Who is he?" " You, Leon, you!" answered his father, with 8, triumphant air. " Me!" "And this is me: ' Mr. Slomon Izard.' And this is moiher: * Mrs. Sloman Izard.' " " I don't understand it," said Leon, very much mystified. " II ot understand it!" exclaimed Solomon Isaacs. It's as clear as mud. They all do it, -every one of 'em—so the lawyer told me— directly they gets rich. He's done the business for lot's of 'em 'isself. He puts a e to Brown and made him Brown-e, and he took the i out of Smith ana put in a j so that no one could pronounce it—that was clever, Leon, very clever!— and he made a Marsh out of Moses, and put a de before Robinson and made him De Robinson; and he took sich a lot of nasty letters out of Izzy Jacob'* name that his own father didn't know it! It costs money Leon, it costs money; its done by Act of Parleyment. I don't understand muih about, but the lawyer said it was all right/' " Oh," said Leon, a light breaking upon him, " then you've altered your name ? " ." Our liame, Leon, our name!" interrupted his father. " Aud Izard stands for Isaacs, and Sloman for Solomon ?'' " Yes, that's it, that's it. Mr. Slomon Izard ! Sounds gi Hud, don'it it ? And the lawyer says I can be a baron if I like—he can do it for a 'undred pound. Baron Slomon Izard! 'Ow would that sound, eh ? Baroness Sloman Izard! 'Ow do you like that, Milly? If anybody calls me Solly Ikey now I'll 'ave the lore of 'im. The lawyer says I can, and I will. So they'd better look out with their imperence." " I think the lawyer is mistaken," said Leon dryly, and then after a pause, " What on earth made you do such a foolish thing ?" " Leon," cried Solomon Isaacs, "you're out of your mind. It's the fashionable thing! They all do it." "Solomon Isaacs, Sloman Izard," said Leon in a musing tone, holding out his hands, palms upward, and as it were weighing the names. "Isaac was a prince in Israel, and Solomon was our wisest king." "But they didr't call him King Solly," interposed Solomon Isaacs eagerly. " There's no wisdom iu Solly. And as for Isaac—do you think 'is own wife dared to call him Ikey ?" " I don't know," replied Leon; " what I do know is that I am quite satisfied with my name. Leon Isaacs is good enough for me." "But there's the cards, Leon, there's the cards!" implored Solomon Isaacs. " You won't waste the cards! Think of the expense! and see 'ow beautiful they look ! You'll use the cards now they're printed—say you'll use the crads like a good boy!" " Not I, father. Izard! Izard! What in the world is the real meaning of Izard ? He ran out • of.the room and returned with a dictionary in his hand. "Why, father, he said, "do you faiow what an izard is ?" "Fm one," said Solomon Isaacs, a look of . alarm spreading over his features. " Then you're a goat —a foolish goat!" "A goat! a foolish goat!" groaned Solomon Isaacs, falling back on his wife and almost upsetting her. f Yes, a foolish wild goat. Here it is in the dictionary." It stood in the dictionary, "a wild goat." Leon added foolish out of malice; he wa* ashamed of his father's act. For a moment or two Solomon Isaacs was : speechless with indignation. Then he gasped— " Fll 'av« the lore of 'im ! he's swindled me! A rgoat! I'll ruin'im! I'll I'll " "It serves you right," said Leon. "You can -do as you please, of course; I intend to stick to Isaacs. I'm not ashamed of the name, and I hope I shall never do anything to shame it. It anybody asks me for a person of the name of Izard I shall declare I know nothing of him." " But what am I to do ?" enquired Solomon Isaacs with a helpless look. " I can't be Izard and Isaacs too; and the lawyer told me I am Izard now by Act of Parleyment!" "All your letters will go wrong, father. There'll be a regular confusion." Solomon Isaacs groaned. " YouH be summoned twice over if you dispute a debt," said Leon, secretly enjoying his father's discomfiture, "once in the name of Izard, and then in the name of Isaacs. I think you have made a mistake. You had best go to the lawyer and consult him about it." Solomon Isaacs threw his hat on the back of his head and was about to rush out of the room when Leon stopped him. "That business will wait, father. 1 have something here that must be attended to at once." "What is it,Leon?" " I have received a letter from Rachel and I want to talk to yoa about it." Solomon Isaacs cooled down immediately. This,'truly was important business, and musi be attended to without delay. "Shall I read the letter, father ?" " Yes, Leon, read it, there's no 'arm in that." Leon read the letter carefully and with feeling. Mrs. Isaacs listened to it with tears in her eyes —her heart bled for the poor girl. Solomon Isaacs listened to it with gloating satisfaction. His purpose was accomplished and he had saved his fafty pounds. " Keep that letter!" he cried; " keep that letter, Leon! It's worth a thousand pound! The girl's a fool " "Don't call Rachel hard names, father. I intend to keep the letter." " That's right, my boy, that's right. I went there for your good, Leon, to pre «eut a breach of promise case." "Was anything said about such a thing, then?" asked Leon. " No, but it would be sure to come. You're all right now. She can never bring an action agin jou as long as you've got that paper ! Why there's not another girl in London would write bu< h a letter !" " I don't believe there is, father. I wouldn't part with it for five hundred pounds." " Bravo, Leon, bravo !" " 1 will keep it as a testimony " " Yes," interrupted Solomon Isaacs, " that's it. As a testimony—as a testimony !" " As a testimony—though I required none—of the goodness and nobleness of the girl I intend to make my wife, if she will have me." " Eh cried Solomon Isaacs, with a blank look of amazement. " 1 shall go to her at once, and shall tell her that you have done a cruel and unwarrantable thing, and I shall beg her pardon and her father's pardon for you." "Leon," cried Solomon Isaacs in despair, " are you a fool ?" "Neither fool nor rogue I hope," was the answer somewhat sadly spoken. " Do you forgit what I've done for you ?" said Solomon Isaacs almost sobbing with grief and vexation. " Do you forgit the eddycation I give you so that you might be a gentleman ?" " KO, father, I do not forget it—I never can forget it. I shall ever be grateful to you for having given me an education which helps perhaps to teach me to do my duty now." "What!' screamed Solomon Isaacs. "Is it bccause I sent you to the Free School and gave you an eddycation instead of sending you into the streets to 'awk for a living that you're agoing to throw me over now—that you're agoing to act contrairy to your father's wishes ?" " It may be so; I cannot tell. I have your blood in me and something of your nature. If I had grown up ignorant I might perhaps have acted as you wish. But I am grateful that I can see things in a better light." Solomon Isaacs dashed his fist upon the table and cried in a voice trembling with passion, "Damn eddycation!" "Bless education!" cried Leon warmly. " Thank God it is now within the reach of every poor boy in the land. Good-morning, father. A kiss for you, mother. I'm off to see Rachel." He dashed out of the room. Solomon Isaacs ran after his son with some dim notion of laying violent hands upon him, but by the time he reached the street-door Leon was at the bottom of the street. Returning to the sitting-room Solomon Isaacs fumed about for some time, and condescended to give his wife a highly inflamed account of his visit to Moses Levy. " I went there for 'is good, Milly," he said at the conclusion of his fanciful narration, " with money in my pocket, and he abused me like a pickpocket. * Mo Levy,' I said to him as I wiped my shoes on 'is mat—I did, Milly—I wiped the dirt off my shoes afore I left 'is house.I wouldn't take a bit of it away with me— 1 Mo Levy,' I said, 'never you take the liberty of opening your lips to me agin.' I 'ad to come away quick or I should 'ave done 'im a mischief—I didn't want to soil my 'ands with touching of 'ini. ' Arter what you've said to me this night,' I said, ' and arter what you've said agin Mrs. Isaacs I wouldn't bemean myself by walking on the same side of the street with you.' Them was my last words to 'im, my last words." "What did he say agin me?'' moaned Mis. Isaacs, her heart palpitating with distress. "What could Mo Levy 'ave to say agin me ?" " It'd blister my tongue to tell you," replied Solomon Isaacs, "I wouldn't be so low as to repeat it. There was nothing bad enough for you." " O Ikey!" Solomon Isaacs gave a violent jump. He required something more tangible than mere fancies to vent his rage upon, and his wife had supplied it. " Do you want to drive me distracted with your ' O Ikey ?' " he snarled. " Damn your ' O Ikey !' What do you mean by throwing dirt in my face ? If ever you 4 O Ikey !' me agin I won't sleep in the same bed with you ! Mind that!" Then he also dashed out of the room—oddly enough with an unconscious imitation of Leon's manner a few minuses previously—somewhat comforted by the distress into which he had thrown his wife. CHAPTER XIV. MES. ISAACS DBEAMS THAT HER HUSBAND HAS SOLD HIMSELF TO THE Mis. Isaacs did not see her lord and master again until the evening. In the meantime she received a short note from Leon, in which he said he had important business to attend to and would not be home until very late, certainly not until past midnight. Solomon Isaacs upon his return asked his wife after Leon, and she gave him the message. " Very well," said he ; " then we'll go to the theaytre to-night and show him that we can do without 'im." If that was really his aim it was not likely to be successful to judge from his behaviour. The hour that intervened until it was time to go to the theatre he agreeably filled up by reopening the subject of his visit to Moses Levy, and giving his comments thereon. Mis. Isaacs did notlung but sit and wring her hands in silence. Her heart was heavy with grief at these dreadful proceedings —at Leon's absence from home, at the breach between herself and the friends she loved best in the world, at the severance of all the ties which made life sweet to her. All her strength was gone and she felt as though she would like to die. Her hot tears fell upon the silk dress she had put on for the theatre that night. Was it for this they had grown rich ? Was money to poison her days and bring discord into her life ? Was it not only to rob her of her old friends, but of her child's and husband's love? Since she and her husband had lived in their grand house scarcely one affectionate word had passed between them. He was a changed man ; his mind was entirely occupied with the cares' of money. The more he had the more he wanted, the more he grasped at. It seemed to her at times that he was going out of his miud. He was speculating heavily, often wildly, on the Stock Exchange, and almost every word he uttered had reference to the rising and falling of stocks and shares. " Why shouldn't I be as rich as the Rothschilds ?" he said to her more than once; "I know as much as they do." But he was deficient in heroic qualities—he was not equal to either fortune. When the market went against him he suffered agonies, talking in his sleep, and getting up at all hours of the night: when the securities he held were rising in value he paced the room in transport of delight, and so comported himself that Mrs. Isaacs was afraid of him. His manner terrified her; she could neither suffer with him in his losses, nor rejoice with him in his gains. When he was an old- clo' man, She sympathised with him in his dealings ; she did so no longer. If her experience during the past few months were a foretaste of what was to come, all her happiness in life was gone. Humbly born, she was happy and contented to move among those of her own degree. When she was poor the gleams of sunshine in her life were neither few nor far between, and many simple^ pleasures were ready to her hand to enjoy in simple ways. How different everything Was now! Parted from her friends, deprived of love, her days were days of misery. How she wished she was back in Spitalfields, dressed in her cotton gown, working and cooking, and ex- Changing the friendly word and smile with old acquaintances whom she had known from childhood ! How she envied the poor people there, and the life they led! " I must have done something very wicked when I was a girl," she thought, " for sich a misfortune as this to come upon me." This was the substance of her musings as she sat waiting for her husband, who was dressing for the theatre. They went in state, in their own carriage, with their own coachman on the box, aud their own footman beside him to open and shut the door for them. " Don't look so glum, Milly," Solomon Isaacs whispered to her as they entered the theatre; " look lively, or everybody'll be staring at you." She tried to look lively, and failed dismally. She was dismayed by the fuss and ceremony of their entrance ; she was not allowed to sit iu her bonnet, and the attendants worried her into complete bewilderment with their officious attentions. Such a thing as enjoyment under these circumstances was out of the question. The people did stare at her—stared at her when she spoke, stared at her husband when he made comments on the company (it must be confessed they both spoke in very loud voices), cast scornful glances at them, and shrugged their shoulders, as much as to say, " How on earth have these vulgar creatures found their way in here ?" Supremely unconscious of the disdain with which he was regarded, and interpreting the notice he attracted into a species of adulation of the diamonds in his shirt and (Hi his fingers, Solomon Isaacs lolled back in his chair, put up his feet, to the disgust of the lady before him, and patronized the performers and the audience in a lordly way. Ignorant as she was Mrs. Isaacs understood what was going on around them, and was ready to cry with grief and vexation. The comedy that was being played caused peals of laughter from all parts of the theatre, but from the rise to the fall of the curtain not a smile crossed Mrs. Isaacs' lips. How miserable she was ! How comfortable she used to be when she sat in the pit or the gallery, wagging her head, and holding her sides with laughter! In those times she was not too proud to take a packet of sandwiches with her, to stuff her pocket with oranges, and to eat them with enjoyment in the very face of the British public. Ah! those were the happy nights ! It was a real pleasure to go to a theatre then—anticipating the treat for a week before, and talking of it for weeks afterwards. Then she would clap her hands till they were red, and call for the performers by their familiar names; now she dared not move a finger. " Ices and refreshments!" said a spruce attendant, in a dulcet voice, between the acts; " will the lady take an ice, Sir ?" " Yes, yes," said Solomon Isaacs in a loud tone; he would show the people about him that he had money to spend. " Yes, yes. Take a ice, Milly." She took one gingerly, and spilt some of it over her dress as she listened to the attendants ciying out in the pit, " Oranges! Lemonade! Bottled ale or stout!" That is where she would like to be sitting, not in the stalls, surrounded by persons who put up their eye-glasses at her. Mr. Isaacs also took an ice, and devoured every particle of it. He did not relish paying a shilling each for them, but he comforted himself with the reflection that he was doing the fashionable thing in a fashionable way. On the drive home not a word was spoken. Of the footman who opened the door for them Solomon Isaacs asked if his son had come in, and being answered in the negative, walked straight upstairs to bed without looking at his wife. She, pcor soul, went into the grand drawing-room, which, in accordance with her husband's instructions, had been lighted up for Leon's behoof, and sat down and thought over the experiences she had passed through since her departure from Spitalfields. During her sad musings an odd reminiscence intruded itself upon her, connected with her first visit to a theatre in the days of her childhood. On that memorable occasion she had seen a melodrama, the principal character in which had sold himself to the devil. The incidents which led to the uuboly barter, with the figures of the two personages whom it chiefly concerned, had formed themselves into an abiding remembrance, conveying hitherto no terror to Mrs. Isaacs' mind, but presenting itself in a somewhat agreeable light as a pleasant memory of childhood. But iu the recalling of the reminiscence at this period of her life its aspect was entirely changed. The man in the melodrama had sold his soul for money—had betrayed an innocent girl, and brought her to sh.iiue—and in the end had paid the forfeit of his bond by a descent into the regions of everlasting fire. The room in which Mrs. Isaacs sat and brooded over her unhappy lot was gaudily furnished and decorated. In point Gf fact there was a great deal of gilt about it, yellow being the colour approximating most nearly to Solomon Isaacs" conception of the highest style of art. In the centre of the mantelpiece, flanked with gilt ornaments, stood a large gilt clock, with a gilt representative of Old Father Time pointing a gilt forefinger to the gilt figures on the dial, with a gesture which indicated " Time flies, but I (gilt) go on for ever," Above the dial, hovering within a species of cupola, was the figure of a Flying Angel, somewhat out of harmony with the prevailing tone, inasmuch as its robes and wiDgs were fashioned of shining silver. But eveiy other object in the room obtrusively proclaimed Solomon Isaacs' leading idea. The legs and backs of the chairs were gilt, the knobs and coriiices of the chiffonniere were gilt, the chandelier was gilt, and the lustres were wrapped in yellow gauze—the gas (London) burnt with a yellow flame. With this uniform glare in her eyes, and with silence all around her, Mrs. Isaacs sobbed and dozed. The knobs and cornices of the chiffonniere gradually resolve themselves into faces, stony and immovable at first, but presently imbued with life. Their features move and twitch into innumerable forms of expression, the faces multiply with amazing rapidity, and every one of the thousands of eyes are directed towards Mrs. Isaacs. Whichever way she turns the eyes follow her She looks up to the ceiling, and grotesque forms peer upon her from within the folds of the yellow gauze; she looks down upon the carpet and grotesque images creep about her feet. And now a painful idea impresses itself upon her. It is that her gaze possesses the magic influence of transmuting everything into gold—everything with the exception of the figure of the angel of shining silver which floats above the image of Old Father Time. On the wall hang two pictures, representing scenes of rural happiness, and as Mrs. Isaacs turns towards them, the flowers assume a golden hue, the fields become golden fields, the water golden water. The walls and ceiling of the apartment change to gold, and the transformation continues until the room and everything it contains glitter with the precious metal. This fatal gift inexpressibly distresses her, and she experiences a feeling of relief when the angel of shining silver floats from the cupola and stands in radiant whiteness before her. It does not surprise her that in its flight it has assumed the proportions of a human form. " This woman's husband," says the angel, " where is he With one voice, which does not rise above a whisper, the grotesque figures in the room reply:— " Asleep, and dreaming." The angel floats through the goldeu walls, and instantaneously reappears, bearing in his arms the form of Solomon Isaacs asleep. The angel places the man on the ground, where he lies surrounded by a circle of weird and eager faces. Following the indications of their fingers, Mrs. Isaacs observes that the space occupied by her husband has assumed the shape of a pit, filled with innumerable coins of gold. Rolling in his golden grave the sleeping man clutches at the treasure, and holding his hands above his head, allows the precious pieces to fall through his fingers in a glittering shower. " Hold your hands," says the angel, " hold your hands and answer me. Is this gold which fills your soul with joy more precious to you than aught else in the world ?" " More precious than all," replies the sleeping man, holding his empty hands above his head. " More precious than a good name ?" " It brings with it a good name." " More precious than happiness?" " Is is happiness." " More precious than love?" " It is love." " More precious than sweet memories ?" A disdainful smile hovers about the lips of the sleeping man as he strives to release his hands from the spiritual thraldom which holds them fast. " Not yet," says the angel. " You have a son." " I have." " Over whose heart you would throw the glittering spell whioh guides your ways." " Leon is wise." " You had in years gone by another child, who died when you were poor." " I had another child. Who is that I hear crying?" " Your wife. You sorrowed when that child was taken fiom you." "Well?" " Why, then, did you smile when I asked if gold was better than sweet memories ?" There is a moment's pause before the sleeping man replies:— " That was long ago. I live in to-day. All my life I have worked for to-day." " It is not possible," says the angel, turning from the sleeper, " that this man can understand the true meaning of his words. Human, he must possess humanity. There must be within him some hidden spring whose released waters would sweej) from his soul his monstrous creed." As he speaks the air becomes fragrant with the perfume of flowers aud the ground about his feet is strewn with roses and lilies. Stooping, he gathers the loveliest of these, and fills the hands of the sleeping man with flowers. His touch transforms them aud robs them of their beauty, they slip through his fingers to the groimd with a dull metallic sound. Then it is that Mrs. Isaacs sees lying among the flowers at the angel's feet the babe that was taken from her in the early days of her married life. With a yearning motion she stretches forth her arms to clasp it to her bosom, aud sobs to find that it is beyond her reach. With infinite compassion the angel raises the body of the dead child, and places it in the sleeper's uplifted hands. Pallid and sweet it lies—for a moment only; its form withers into yellow dust, which falls in a shower upon the golden grave. " I have no power over him," says the angel sadly. " What fancies are stirring within this man's brain that renders him dead to life's most sacred teachings ?" A startling change takes place in the scene, and, for a moment only, Mrs. Isaacs beholds the fantasy of Solomon Isaacs' dream—a vision within a vision. It presents itself in the shape of a tableau from the melodrama she had witnessed on the occasion of a first visit to a t&eatre;, when she was a girl. Every detail is repioduced with faithful exactness, the only point of difference being that, in the face of the principal character who is about to enter into an unholy compact with the Evil One, Mrs. Isaacs recognises the face of her husband. " Don't do it! don't do it!" she screams, as this vision within a vision is fading from her sight, and falling on her knees she clasps the angel's robes. " Save him! He doesn't know the meaning of it. He wasn't always so! Don't let him co it! When we was first married " " Why, mother!" the angel replies, in th e voice of her son Leon. "What's the matter with you? have you got the nightmare?" She opens her eyes. Leon stands before her, looking down upon her in wonder. The angel in shining silver is in its proper place, within the cupola, hanging over the figure of Old Father Time. There is no change in the pictures on the wall, nor is there a grinning face to be seen. Everything in the room is as it was before she fell asleep. Grateful as she is to discover she has been ' dreaming, Mrs. Isaacs cannot for a little while recover from her agitation. " O Leon," 6he whispers, as he assists her to rise, " I dreamt that your father was selling himself to the devil!" " I wouldn't tell him," says Leon in a cheerful tone. " Xou've eaten something that has disagreed with you." " I toek a ice at the theaytre to-night, Lean,'" says Mrs. Isaacs panting. " It must have been that then," says Leon with a smile. " Extremes meet. Ice is the last thing you'd expect to find in the old gentleman's quarters. Come, mother, it's time to get to bed. Look at the clock. It's nearly one in the morning." CHAPTER XV. KACHEL WILL NOT GIVE WAY. :en, after the expression of their differing views of education, Leon left his father's house, he made his way at once to Spitalfields for the pui i c.se of seeing Rachel. He was indignant and hurt at his father's conduct, and was eagerly anxious to remove from Rachel's mind any idea that lie was a party to the treacherous" offer Solomon Isaacs had made to the girl. The perusal of her letter had set his generous young soul on fire; as he walked rapidly towards Moses Levy's apartments he dwelt fondly on the imajie of the girl he truly loved, and every reruiuiscence associated with her was charged with i.ew tenderness. In the midst of the surging life through which he m erred, with its throbing ambitions, its wild hopes ai»d desiros, its sailw ss, its exultation, its crooked scheming and plotting, its mean pride and small aspiration, he WJ-.S a living embodiment of the sentiment in the light of which all the wealth of the world fades into insignificance. It is a gladdening thought that the crowded streets are sometimes sweetened thus by honest feeling. When a fresh young face flashes brightly past me—as Leon's face might have done on this occasion—it is lil-e a cool refreshing wind sweeping through the streets on a hot feverish day. What shall I sigh for? What shall I hunger for? Much money—the finest houses—richly embrolftered cloth fa? These are not the treasures that will sweeten my days. The true wealth of life aud ;of humanity lies in love, and in kind thought that shows itself in action. Let me receive these, and give me these to bestow, and add to them the blessing of faith in God, and I am richer than a myraid Aladdin caves could make me. As Leon sped onward his steps grew more animated. He was approaching the familiar byways of his childhood, and his heart beat the quicker. Soon he was in Spitalfields. He could scarcely sufficiently control his impatience to exchange fair words and looks with old friends who ran from their houses to greet him. " There's Leon Isaacs !" they cried. " How well he looks !" He got away from them as quickly as he could, and ran into the dear old house, and up the dear old stairs which led to Moses Levy's rooms. " He's just come from abroad," the neighbours said to one another, " and the first thing he does is to go and see Rachel Levy." He did not lose in their estimation, for it was no secret by this time that old Solomon Isaacs did not look with favourable eyes upon the engagement. Leon paused in the passage for a moment or two and listened; he heard Rachel moving about the room. Then he knocked, and almost before her gentle voice reached his ears bidding him enter, he opened the door. With an eager exclamation he ran towards her, and she, for a moment betrayed by love and joy, flew into his arms. But when he kissed her she quickly released herself, and stood apart from him. She had uttered no word ; only a little cry of heartgladness had escaped her; and now, recalled to herself, she pressed one hand to her heart, and raised the other with an imploring motion. He understood her, and came no nearer to her. He could find no words to speak: nor could she for a little while. But woman's wit at such a critical time is keener than a man's—a kind provision of Nature, as she is compelled to be more often on the defensive. So Rachel, weak as she was, showed a greater strength than Leon, and was the first to speak. The words she uttered were very simple, and she spoke them timidly and hesitatingly. She said she was sorry her father was not at home to see Leon. " But I did not come to see your father," said Leon; " I came to see you. I arrived from the country late last night, and I thought I should have seen you at my father's house to welcome me home." " You received my letter, Leon ?" " Yes; and I have brought you the answer." Involuntarily she held out her hand for it. He seized her hand, and did not relinquish it, although she struggled—just a little. " You can understand the answer I have brought you, Rachel. I am here myself -Not all her woman's wit and cunning could ketep the happy light from her face at this proof of her lover's truth and faithfulness. He saw the gladness of her heart in her eyes, and he would have taken her in his arms. She yielded for a moment, then heroically repulsed him. " No, Leon," she said, " it cannot be. Father and I have talked it over, and we have decided upon what is right." "Are you and your father to be the only judges ?" he asked impetuously. " Am I to have no voice in it ?" "Do not speak loudly, Leon; people will hear and think we are quarrelling. And I—I am not strong! No—do not touch me. I can see my duty clearer if you keep away from me." " Your duty is to come to me, Rachel, as you have promised. You are my wife, and I claim you." She was on the point of yielding again as he called her his wife, but by a great effort she restrained herself. " No," she said firmly, " I can see that your father is right. You must not marry a poor girl like me. Do you think," she added with spirit, " that I am going to have it flung in my teeth that I hold you to your promise now you are rich, and in the face of your father's refusal?" " And do you think," he retorted, " that I am going to have it flung in my teeth that, because my father happens to have filled his pockets with money, I am false to my promise and my word?" " The world will not blame you, Leon; such things are not uncommon." " Hang the world! It did not teach me to love you, and it shall not teach me to be false to you. You have given me back my promise " " Yes," she said sadly, " I have given you back your promise." " But I don't give back yours. That's a thing you have forgotten. Rachel, yoa do not love me as I believed you did " " You must not say that, Leon. You must not make things harder for me than they are. If you knew how I have suffered you would pity me." " I do pity you, and I ask you to be just to me. You must marry me, Rachel—you must!" " I cannot, Leon, without your father's consent." " Must my father's money part us, Rachel ?" " Yes, Leon. It is not the first time that money has parted two faithful hearts." She could not help speaking the words, for she knew that he was true to her. The knowledge took away from her much of the bitterness with which her life had been filled lately. " If it part us," said Leon, " it will be your fault, not mine. You have behaved nobly to me, and you would make it appear that I have behaved basely to you. You will let it be said that the moment my father became rich, I turned my back on the girl who accepted me as her lover when I was poor." These arguments, and many others as cunning, he used in his endeavour to convince Rachel that she was wrong in her resolve ; but the pride of the girl had been deeply wounded, and he could not prevail upon her to go back from her word. At length he said— " Listen to me, Rachel. I refuse to release you from your engagement. You are pledged to me. You understand that." " Yes," she replied, " I understand it. But you are not pledged to me." " I am, and yoa cannot prevent it. You, and no other woman, shall be my wife." " And you, and no other man, shall be my husband;" adding, with womanly inconsistency, " But all is over between us." " That is not so. Give my love to your father, Rachel. You will not kiss me, I suppose ?" " No, Leon." " I love you all the more for it. You will shake hands, I suppose ?" " Oh, yes." " You see," he said, as he held her hand in his, " you cannot prevent me from kissing your hand. Good-bye for a little while." And when he left her, with looks of love, she could not help giving him a tender smile. CHAPTER XVI, SOLOMON ISAACS FLOATS AND SCHEMES WITHOUT SUCCESS. In an interview with his father Leon stated clearly his intentions with respect to Rachel, aud not all Solomon Isaacs' fuming and stamping about induced him to swerve. For his mother's sake he consented to live at home, although his inclination was to take lodgings in Spitalfields, quite close to Moses Levy's rooms. Then Solomon Isaacs began to scheme. He invited to his house a class of persons who had risen, as he had risen,- from nothing, and who were unable to push themselves into more elegant society. Strangely enough, these per- sons in their hearts bore no great good-will to each other, partly for the reason that they were all acquainted with antecedents which all were fcolishly desirous should be buried in oblivion. But company was necessary to their existence; therefore they visited each other in their carriages, and gave parties, and played Gards, and wrangled as in the olden days, and endeavoured to outshine each other in their diamonds. Occasionally some struggling worker in the arts, to whom perhaps they had lent small sums of money, found himself in their midst. If he had a sly laugh at his entertainers it was was not from ill-natttre, but because his sense of humour was excited ;• he more often laughed with than at them, and- despite the touches of vulgarity which appeared on the surface of their nature, their hospitality was so generous and liberal that he found it impossible not to I like them. They gave him the" choicest cigars, j the finest wines, and dishes of rare cookery not i to'be obtained in any but Jewish homes; they fiStertained hint with stories spiced with wit; thc.7 1 feted and flattered him; and he would have a churl indeed had he gone away with ill-natured thoughts of his hosts. To those of the well- to-do who had daughters to marry Solomon Isaacs whispered slyly that his son was free to chbose, and was losing out for a wife. Then commenced a hunt matrimonial, Leon being the stag. He had a hard time of it, and was oftch put out of patience— although he could not ielp feeling amused at the game that was bein$ played. He was not sufficient of a hero to fl'3g his father's money from him, and refuse to use It 5 but he was hero enough to be faithful in his 36art to Rachel. Difficult as was the task t Soinon Isaacs had set himself to accomplish he d. Kt not despair of success. He trusted to time to .assist him, and to the effect of the increased we.'&th; he was endeaFouring with all his cunning t"<j •accumulate. "You will 'ave it all, Leon," he-"aid; " every penny, if you don't go agin me!" He was deeply involved in Stock Exchange specula."5bn8, bulling and bearing, lying and scheming, n-_ ^ losing; now winning, now suffering agonies, nc ^'swelling with pride and satisfaction. Hia "grand home was not a happy one, and he r "®Qgkt for distraction in the whirl of tiat gambling mart, where every mean trick the human mind can invent is pressed into service of the race for wealth. More than on * he was on the verge of ruin; but luck never " entirely deserted him, and by many a bold n,ana3uvre he recovered, and found himself richer than the day before. In a certain way he became famous, and one Friday evening his wife rushed into the room with a paper fluttering in her hand. " You're in the paper !" she screamed. "You're in the paper!" He turned as white as any ghost, and sank into a chair. Mrs. Isaacs was too excited herself to notice his agitation. In a shrill voice she read a paragraph from a Jewish paper, to the effect that " our esteemed and talented co-religionist, Mr. Solomon Isaacs, has purchased a country seat near a fashionable watering-place, whither, in the summer months, he and his family will retire, to enjoy the deserved fruits of his enterprise and good fortune." Before she had finished reading, he recovered his composure. "Very proper, very proper," he said complacently. "Esteemedand talented! Is them the words, Milly ?" " Yes." "I'll go into the city and buy two copies of that paper," he said. " It's a sensible paper. It ought to be encouraged." i The idea flashed into his mind that it would not be a bad thing to cut out the paragraph and have it framed. " What do they mean about a country seat," inquired Mrs. Isaacs, "and a fashionable watering-place ?" " I don't know," he replied. " They may say anything they like so long as they dont say nothing nasty." " Margate's the place for me, observed Mrs. Isaacs. "Well 'ave a month there," said Solomon Isaacs, smiling graciously at her, " aud we'll do it fashionable, Milly, we'll do it fashionable." At about that time he had instilled hope into Mrs. Isaacs'sbreast by the subterfugethat he had " made it up" with his old friend Moses Levy. " You 'ave made me so 'appy," said the worthy woman, with a beaming face. "May I go and see 'im and Rachel ?" "Not yet—not yet," said Solomon Isaacs. " Wait a bit; everything'll come right." "But they'll come to see us,', then, urged Mrs. Isaacs. Presently—presently," was his reply. " You leave me to manage, Milly." His duplicity met with its reward. On the Tuesday following, his wife, _ with tears in her eyes, mentioned that their old friend had passed the house, with his old-clo' bap on his shoulders. " His voice went right throught me," she said pathetically. "Ifelt as I would like to throw my arms round 'is neck. I ran into the street, and cried, 'Mr. Levy! Mr. Levy!' When he 'eerd my voice, I thought he would 'ave dropped, be shcok so. He ain't looking at all well, Ikey; I think he must've been kid up. ' Mr. Levy !' I cried ; ' won't you come in ?' ' Does your 'usband want me ?' he asked, all of a tremble;' did he send you out for me ?' 4 No, Mr. Levy,' I said; ' Ikey ain't at 'ome. Come in, and see the 'ouse, and have a glass of wine. It's all right.' He looked at me so strange that I did'nt know what to make of 'im. ' No,' he said, ' I won't come in upon your invitation. I wish you good morning, Mrs. Isaacs.' And he was going away, actually going away without another word, when I puts my hand on 'Is arm, and said, ' Don't be unfriendly, Mr. Levy. It ain't because we've got rich that you should treat us as enemies.' Upon that he said,' God knows I don't want to do that Mrs. Isaacs ; it's none of my doing.' ' 'Ow's Rachel ?' I asked, His face got as white ae a sheet, and he put my 'and away from 'is arm. ' It won't do you nor me any good to talk any longer,' he said; ' I wish you good morning, Mrs. Isaacs.' Then he walked away, so low and shaky that he 'adn't spirit enough to ciy, ' Old clo r !' and I stood like a fool looking after 'im. You might 'ave knocked me down with a feather, I was that took aback." Solomon Isaacs glared at his wife with fury in his countenance. " What made you speak to 'im?" he screamed. " You don't know what you've done! If you go agin me, all the fatll be in the fire! Mind what I say. If you speak to Mo Levi agin without mv leave, I'll—I'll run away— Fll sell up everything, and run away!" "I won't—I won't!" sobbed Mrs. Isaacs. " But what's the matter with 'im ? What's he been a-doing of ? You said you 'ad made it up with 'im." "And I told you at the same time not to Interfere," said Solomon Isaace; "if yon want to live peaceable you do as I tell you." He put a stop to farther conversation in his usual way —by bouncing out of the room and the house, and slamming every door after him. During all this time, the warfare between himself and his son on the one vital point at issue showed no signs of abatement. Unpleasant scenes, of course, were inevitable. Such as on a night when the three were sitting in thestage-box of the Vaudeville Theatre, laughing at a comedy which had been played for nearly a thousand consecutive nights. In the midst of their enjoyment, Leon caught sight of old Moses Levy and Rachel, who were sitting in the front row of the pit. It was evident to him that they knew he and his parents were in the private box; there was a sad consciousness On Rachel's face, and she, who used tp enjoy a good play so thoroughly, had not a Smile now oa her lips. Leon's mother, on the contrary, beguiled out of her unhappiness by the cunning out of the play, laughed so loudly that she attracted attention. " This ?s the way," thought Leon, gazing on Rachel's wistfu] fcwe^that I am made to pour poison into her cup." His Leart weht out to the girl, and without a word to his patents he left the box and made his way to the pit, where, being unable to reach the spot where Rachel and her father sat, he waited at the back until the play was over. There he lingered until Rachel came up to him. She did not start or change colour. Here's Leon," she said to her father. Moses Levy shook hands gravely with the • young man, and did not demur to Leon's walk- ing by the side of Rachel along the Strand. It was a clear night, and there was time for them to walk to Spitalfields. Rachel shook hands also with Leon, but did not accept the offer of ; his arm. Moses Levy approved of his daughter's : decision with regard to Leon, knowing well it ; brought her unhappiness. She had hidden ; nothing from the old man, and had spoken of Leon's conduct m terms of affectionate admiration ; but both father and daughter were agreed ;that the engagement, so far as Rachel was concerned, must be considered at an end until Solomon Isaacs openly consented to the union. Once again on this night, as Leon walked hy , her side, did he endeavour to shake her resolu- ; tiou. He met with' no success; Rachel was 'firm. The'following day was a busy one in Solomon Isaacs's hcuse. He gave a grand party in the evening, at which it was his intention to play a trump card. A young lady was coming to captivate Leon, and Solomon Isaacs was full of hope that his son would be caught by her attractions. -In the morning he dilated upon the splendour of the forthcoming entertainment, and, rubbing his hands gleefully, told Leon that he would be the prince of the party. To his consternation Leon commenced to open the old wound. " Do you know where I went last night, when I left the box, father ?" " No, Leon." " I went to the pit, where Rachel and Moses Levy were, and waited for them." Well ?" said Solomon Isaacs uneasily. " I walked home with them." " It was a—a insult to your father, Leon," said Solomon Isaacs ineekly. He was frightened . of his son, and knew that he would place him- ; self at a disadvantage by passionate remon- • strance. "It was a mark of respect to them," said Ijjeon, " a mark of respect and love. You can " guess what subject we talked upon. But Rachel wouldn't give in." " She knows/er dooty better than you do." "She excels me in this, as in everything else. Yet I am also re'sSlved, and have come to a decision. This is November—it is eleven months since we were engaged, and I hoped to be happily married before this time. Once more I ask you to allow me to go to Rachel and tell her you consent to our maWiage." " No, Leon, no," replied ' SolOmon Isaacs. "You don't know what's go6d for yourself. You must look 'igh—you musjf; marry a rich ^ girl now. There's Becky Moss? She's got 'twenty thousand pound, and three times that "»hen T er mother dies. And 'er mother's old, L -soil, old! and ketches 'er breath so as you > th \iikrshe's never goin' to git it back again. She 1 caii 7 t last long. Becky Moss is a fine girl, a fine girl- -something to show for your money, Leon!" « \ 'as,-there's pleniy of her, but she's not made for m Leon mentally set the two girls before Rachel Levy and Becky Moss, and the sub ^ntial figure of Becky faded away, while Ra sweet sad face remained present to his mil. eye- Solomon Isaacs saw no such vision. "Not mad e for you! I tell you she is. Arks 'er, and see ii * a ™' t "ght. What mose do you want, Leon? . ^Becky's got twenty thousand we six pound, and'!! t y mor e dear—d'ye 'ear ? a And she's quite ' ^y* She knows how to behave in the bes * society, Leon. You should see 'er walk alom T room when she's at a party—with 'er 'eaa* ^ n 88 M she was P Yoa should s used to it all 'er life' e e 'ow she dresses—in the height o " f . faflhi with °?» ^ ^ 1 ever puffs and bows behind b_ and with a train six yards * ,on & " lt>s a ! And she's eddicated, my boy T » educated—talks languages, and plays the piane. " 7^. as 88 ' the best of 'em. I 'eerd her the 0. ^^ ^ ^ at a party. She looked tip-top—a g irl to be proud of. She 'ad on a siilk dress as'd stau alone. She 'ad twice as much 'air on 'er 'ead as any of the other girls, and there was diamonds in it, Leon* real stones, not paste! She must 'ave 'ad five hundred pound worth of jewellery on 'er. I reckoned it all up, and it'd fetch that at the coffee-shop in Duke's Place. You're never a- going to throw away a chance like that, Leon." " No," replied Leon, " Fll not throw it away. It's too heavy. But Fll not marry Miss Rebecca, if that's what you mean." At this Solomon Issacs lost his presence of mind. " If you say that again I'll cut you out of my will! Mind—I mean what I say. You shan't have a shiling of my money." "Saddled with your conditions," said Leon, with spirit, "I would sooner be without it. Good day, Sir. When I feel that I am not ashamed of my father I will comc and see you. Not till then." When Solomon Issacs recovered his temper he was not greatly alarmed by his sou's words. It was not the first quarrel they had had upon the theme, nor the first time that Leon had threatened to leave the house for good. That he had not done so was an assurance that a calmer mood would lead to a wiser decision. Therefore when Solomon Isaacs's guests were assembled in the evening he was not doubtful that Leon would make his appearance. He was proud of his boy, who looked every inch the gentleman, and whose education and manners enabled him to hold his own in good society. " And Leon knows on which side his bread is buttered thought Solomon Isaacs. But he was doomed to disappointment. Leon did not appear. Becky Moss and her mother were there, and made anxious enquiries after the young fellow. "He'll be here after supper," said Solomon Isaacs. "Keep a few dances for 'm,; Miss Moss." Becky was resplendent, having made up her mind that Leon was the man for her. Dress, feathers, and diamonds were there, and a goodlooking girl in the bargain. It was the best chance that had fallen in the young lady's way, and she had come to the party prepared for victory. The appearance of the supper-table elicited expressions of unanimous approbation. There were salmon and other fish and meats in wonderful profusion ; wet and dry almond-puddings and cocoanut tarts; amazing jellies, and raised pies, and hothouse fruits, and everything that was out of season. Solomon Isaacs related choice stories concerning the feast, as to how much the wine cost him a dozen, and how much he had paid for that fruit in the market. One of the guests, carried away by enthusiasm at the liberality of the spread, cried to the host, with his mouth full, " By my life, Mr. Izard, the salmon is grand!' Whereupon Solomon Isaacs, in his loud and delicate way, related proudly how the captain of the steamer had brought the salmon over from Rotterdam expressly for him, and how Mr. Sloper, the great cook, had offered him five shillings a pound for it. "I suppose," said Solomon Isaacs, "he 'ad a wedding breakfast or a supper to provide. 'Five shillings a pound, Mr. Izard,' he said. 'No, Mr. Sloper,' said I. 'I likes my profit, but, by my life, my company comes first.'" " Bravo, bravo!" ran round the table, although a few of the more refined shuddered at the vulgarity. " You were born to be a gentleman, Mr. Izard." Upon_ this point opinions differed after supper, in consequence of the absence of Leon. Mrs. Moss had her adherents, and she- declared that never in all her life had such an affront been put upon her—declining, when asked, to specify the nature of the-affront. Her indignation resolved itself into an emphatic declaration that Solomon Isaacs was an upstart, and that to sit at his table was " a lowering of oneself." Becky Moss also had something to say, and as-» girl of spirit she said it in plain terms to Mr. and Mis. Isaacs. This unpleasant state of affairs was made still more unpleasant by disturbances at the card-tables, those who lost at loo ranking themselves on the sld^. <£ Becky Moss and her mother, whihs-thoBe- who, won were in too good a temper to, take sides with either party. It is a disagreeable thing to record that soiompn Isaae^ hip?el{ by no means amiably inclined, met Mrs. Mosss onslaught with vigour, and a battle of words occurred which it would be profitless here to set down. It ended in hasty departure of all the guests, with 1 scarcely one cordial good night to the host who had' so splendidly feasted them. Only Solomon Isaacs and his wife were left in the drawing-room. In the turmoil a few chairs had been overturned, and a few packs of cards had been spilled on the floor. Solomon Isaacs stood in the middle of the room, flushed and excited, and Mrs. Isaacs sat in a chair, rocking herself to and fro in deep distress. " The ungrateful beasts!" exclaimed Solomon Isaacs. " They're a mean lot! Not one on 'em shall ever set foot in the 'ouse agin!" He was checked by the hytetrical sobbing of his wife. "Be quiet!" he cried. "Be quiet—cant you? What do you mean by piling on the aggrwation ?" But grief and distress had so worked on Mrs. Isaacs's feelings that they were beyond control, and she continued to rock herself to and fro. " Oh," she sobbed I wish we was poor agin! I wish we was poor agin!" Solomon Isaacs could scarcely believe his ears, and for a moment astonishment made him dumb. "Oh," continued Mrs. Issacs, wringing her hands," I wish things was the same as when you used to go out every meaning with your bag ! We was 'appy then. Oh, I wish we was poor—I wish we was poor P "What!" screamed Solomon Isaacs. "Are you out of your mind ? Do you want to degrade me ? Do you want to make me ashamed to look myself in the face?" He could not stop her, however, and in the end stamped upstairs along to his bedroom, leaving Mrs. Isaacs moaning and praying with all her heart and soul that her husband might be stripped of his riches, and be compelled to work for his living, as in the olden days. * * * * * * Had Solomon Isaacs known how earnestly Ms wife prayed for his downfall, there is no telling what he might have done in his anger.. MuA has been written and said about the eflic icy of prayer, and here was an argument in its f lvour —the charm that was to work Solomon Isaacs's ruin began on the very day following his grand party. The two descriptions of stock in which he was most deeply interested were Turkish and Peruvian bonds. His greed had led him to those fatal pits in which so many innocent lives have been made wretched, so many bright hopes ingulfed. The present chronicler has no desire to dilate upon the villany of the respectable men who, to the destruction of the unwary, pull the strings of the greatest Gambling Hell the world has ever seen. . It is in some poor way a satisfaction to know that occasionally a cunning one is made to bite the dust. This happened to Solomon Isaacs. Maddened by his private troubles, of which he alone was the creator, Solomon Isaacs, heedless of the warning held out by the sudden foil of Peruvian stock, bought and bought, and pi edged his fortune and his credit in a rotten cause. Lower and lower fell the stock, wilder and wilder grew his infatuation, until he awoke one morning to find himself more famous than ever. His castle had toppled over. The respectable black rooks of the Stock Exchange swooped upon him with a resistless rush, and he who hoped to make them suffer to his honour and credit, found himself torn and bleeding—a laughing-stock to those whose superior cunning and larger experience enabled them to weather the storm which left him a ruined man and a beggar. CHAPTER XVII. THE CBOSS OF HUMANITY. Mention has been made in these pages o£ one Barney, who obtained an insufficient living by selling watercresses and periwinkles, and eked it out by attending to the Sabbath fires of the Jewish poor in Spitalfields. Since Rachel Levy met him on the happy night of her engagement with Leon a year has passed, and Christmas has come round once again to gladen the hearts of the poor with its brief respite from the weary toil of life. "It's bitter cold, miss," says Barney to. (Continued on page 6.} {Continuedfrom "page 3.) Uachel, as he warms his fingers at the fire he is tending. " A fire is real comfort such a night as this." Rachels nods assent, and presently notices that Barney is lingering in the room, evidently •with something on his mind which he finds a difficulty in bringing to his lips. " Times are dreadful hard, miss," he says. " They seem so, Barney," says Rachel;" all the poor round about are complaining." " That's so, miss, but some are poor and others are poorer." " Is there anything you wish particularly to say to me, Barney ?" " Tfcank you, miss. Tes, there is something. Last night when I got home—it was late ; I was trying to sell out my basket " " Did you succeed ?" " No, miss ; things are getting dreadful bad; people's got no money to spend on luxuries. When I got home, miss, what do you think I saw on my doorstep ?" " I can't guess." " A woman, miss, with a baby in her arms. How old do you think the baby was, miss ?" " Tell me, Barney." "Not six weeks, I should say. A thin little creature it was, with a face that didn't seem bigger than a penny-piece. It was pouring torrents hard, and there they were, the pair of'em, a-laying on my doorstep, soaked through the pair of 'em." " O, Barney." " It's gospel truth, miss. I stoops down, and shakes the woman. ' Hallo!' I says. * Hallo!" Now what do you think the woman says to that." "What?" " She says, says the woman,' Don't touch me Don't turn me away ! For God's sake, let me lay here and die!' " Rachel starts to her feet with a look of compassion. "I was thinking, miss," continues Barney, " that perhaps you'd advance me a shilling to get something nourishing for the poor creature." " Where is she, then ?" " In my garret, miss. I carried her upstairs and pnt her on my bed. She don't seem able to eat the bread and butter I orfer her; and there she is. You see, miss, I've never been able to lay up for a rainy day, and I'm that selfish that every penny I get I spend on myself." Before he has finished this his longest speech, Bacliel has taken from the cupboard a piece of cake and two slices of fried fish, which she wraps in- paper. " Perhaps you wouldn't mind coming to see her to-morrow, miss, if she ain't better. Then you might tell me what I ought to do." " Do you know her, Barney?" "Never set eyes on her till last night. And can't get anything out of her. She's a kind of unconscious. " I will come to-morrow. Barney; I can't tonight, because my father is not well. Here is something she may be able to eat, and here's a shilling." "Thank you. miss. I may come and fetch you to-morrow, then, if she ain't better?" " Yes, Barney." " Good night, miss." " Good night." On the following evening Barney knocked at Rachel Levy's door. The girl and her father were at home. "You have something fresh to tell me, Barney," said Rachel, gleaning her knowledge from an expression of curiosity on his face. " Am I to come with you now ?" " If you please, miss." Rachel brought out her bonnet and shawl. " How's the poor woman?" " As bad as can be. The doctor's been to see her, and'll come again to-night. I have something new to tell you. I asked her this afternoon if she didn't have any friends. What do you think comes to her lips in a whisper?" " I cannot say." " Yours, miss." " Mine!" " Yes. ' Friends ?'" she whispers; she ain't got breath enough left to speak loud. 'Friends ? There was a Jewess as give me money and bread last Christmas—Rachel Levy.' She says your Dame more than once after that, Miss." " I remember—I remember," said Rachel with a sigh. " Father, I will come back as soon as I can. If I am wanted, I am at Barney's lodgings." " Very well, my dear,"said Moses Levy, and followed Rachel to the door with wistful eyes. He did not like to lose sight of her, and was forever watching the signs in her face, which told him too frequently that she was thinking of the days that were gone. His only amusement now was a game of cribbage with Rachel or a game of patience by himself, and this at the best of times was but a sad enjoyment. The salt had gone out of his life. Game after game of patience he played, with varying success, paying indeed but slight attention to the cards. Vague rumours of Solomon Isaacs's downfall had reached his ears during the past fortnight, but they were so conflicting he scarcely inew what to believe. During that time he had not seen Leon, and therefore had no opportunity of arriving at the truth. As he shuffled and laid out the cards, he endeavoured to thread his way through a labyrinth of possibilities, and what result the news, if true, would have upon Rachel's fortunes. She had not spoken to him upon the subject, nor he to her; Solomon-Isaacs's name, by tacit consent, had not Jbeen uttered by one to the other for months. He heard shuffling footsteps on the stairs; he listened with a strange fluttering at his heart, recognising a familiar sound. It ceased in the passage, and there was a long pause. Moses Levy gazed at the cards spread out on the table, and made no movement. He trembled so, that when a knock came at the door his voice scarcely rose above a whisper. The door was slowly opened, and Solomon Isaacs stood on the threshold. He was dressed in shabby clothes, he wore a shabby hat, he had his old-clo' bag over his arm. No rings were on his fingers, no massive chain hung across his waistcoat, no diamond pin was in his scarf. His beard was growing ragged once more, and his face was as the face of one whose purse was empty. " May I come in, Mo ?" he asked humbly. " Yes," replied Moses Levy, white and shaking, " if you come in peace." "That's what I've come for—that's what I asks for, Mo," said Solomon Isaacs, holding forth his hand, " will you shake 'ands with a old friend?" " Does Leon know you are here ?" asked Moses Levy. "Yes; I told 'im I was coming. Won't you shake 'ands? Don't 'it a man when he's down. Moses Levy gave Solomon Isaacs his hand. " Be seated," he said. Solomon Isaacs instantly began to gather the cards together. "A game of crib, Mo! For the sake of eld times ! For Rachel and Leon's sake." Tears gathered in Moses Levy's eyes. " So be it," he said; " let bygones be bygones, for our children's sake. You are welcome." Leon, making his appearance a quarter of an hour afterwards, found the old man playing cribbage. Not with the heartiness of old; there .was still an awkward restraint upon them. Moses Levy welcomed the young mm with Cordiality. \- " It is just a year to-night, Sir," 6aid Leon, " that I asked Rachel to be my wife. You gave your consent then. Is it necessary for me to ask for it again ?" "What does your father say, Leon ?" They both turned to Solomon Isaacs. . "Leon, couldn't make a better match," he said, with a little huskiness in his throat. "Go and bring Rachel home, Leon," said Moses Levy; and told the young man where he would find her. Rachel was kneeling by the bedside of the dying woman, whose last words had just been uttered. Through the garret window the moon's Tays streamed athwart a beam which stretched from floor to ceiling. The shadow of the solemn symbol fell upon the figures in the room with Divine meaning; and bathed in the sacred light of Humanity's Cross, the Christian died and the Jewess wept. " Hush!" said Rachel, as Leon softly entered. The End. 