TASMANIA. DIOCESE OF HOBART TOWN. (Tasmanian Catholic Standard.) RELIGIOUS RECEPTION AT ST. JOSEPH'S. At 9.30 a.m. on Thursday, 24th ult., Miss Maria Barber, late of Deloraine, received the white veil of a novice among the Sisters of Charity from the hands of his Lordship the Bishop of Hobart Town. The Venerable Archdeacon Marum and Very Rev. W. J. Dunne assisted his Lordship during the ceremony. The other priests present in the Sanctuary included Rev. C. P. Woods, Rev. P. R. Hennebry (master of ceremonies), Rev. J. Murphy, Rev. M. J. Beechinor, Rev. Thomas Kelsh, Rev. John Feehan, and Rev. M. O'Regan. After a few initiatory prayers, a sermon was preached by the Rev. J. J. Feehan, who took his text from the gospel of the day, and proceeded to speak of the effects produced by the descent of the Holy Ghost upon the Apostles.r. .Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament concluded the function. The assisting deacons to the Bishop on this occasion were the Revs. T. Kelsh, and M. J. O'Regan. LATOTCEBTOIT. A very imposing ceremony took place at the Church of the Apostles on Ascension Day, before a large congregation, namely, the profession and reception of Sister Reid O'Sullivan, and Sister Mary Moore, niece of the late Rev. Father Keohan, of Oatlands. The altar was brilliantly decorated, for the occasion with bouquets of 'flowers. Confirmation was held in the church on Sunday, 13th ult. The Bishop, who had previously examined the candidates, expressed himself highly pleased, and passed a high eulogium oh their good pastors and kind nuns, who had grounded them so thoroughly in the catechism. About 120 children and some adults were confirmed. Many of them made their first communion at the early Mass, raid were afterwards entertained at breakfast in theschoolroom. Tuesday, May 15th, being, the anniversafy-of the death of Father Keohan,late of Oatlands, -a solemn Requiem Mass, CoramPoiitifice, was sung in the churtjh for the repdse of Mb soul. The' Rev. J. Hogan, of WestbuiVj .was celebraht ; Rev. J. J. McKetoan; of Longford, deacon; Bev, M: GiUeraq, of Campbell Town, sub-deac<>n; Rev. P. Gleeaon, of Laijnceston, master pf ceremonies; and the Very. Rev. DeanButLer, assisted the Bishop* who .presided, vested •inicappa., « 