A NIGHT OF TEKftOR Abs all appeirances deceitful? Do we Jive surrounded by shadowy chimeras' Have our eyes been given us only to: deceive -our; senses; and our. senses to keep ns -m a state of perpetual doubt and deluBiou ? In .the presentprosaic and meobanical age,.it is: not difficult tondioule all that relates to the: supernatural ; but many' of the most sceptical, after long laughing at the idea of a visit from those who have- learned the great .seoret and .passed into the shadow-land, have been forced by terrible eiperience to believe and tremble. It is more especially in that middle state between sleeping and waking,-wheu the nerves are unstrung, that the sensitive brain-sees objects that, have no tangible existence, and hears sounds that are: the offspring of its owu .creation. Terror, iemorse; 1 love, -and grief, - are .the painters who offerstheir impalpable pictures 1 to our healed and unsettled imaginations; and, for this reason, the belief in fantastic visions is by no means -confined, to the weak andignorant.-- -The man, whose bramas of the: highestiorder;aod, : consequently, the hardest «oried, ifi o(Jentimes more, ready to receive ; the impressions of imaginary or ghostly apparitions,: and to -investigatewtbese phenomenawith: .respsot.-. than the -uneducated, and unthinking scoffer who jeers at the whole thing as nothing but vulgar superstition. Whether the following story, which relates ,the ^experiences :of a night of terror, will serve to lhcow any light upon 4he -possibility of ai return of phantoms wandering on the boimdanea-of Another world. -wiil depend-: ;,uponithes|utitin,whioh:it:je,read. Bertrandi BarrSre 6aid, i' Ii n!y a que leg mort6 <iui ne Mviennant, pas." Eli biea, M. Barrfere, noiu rewoni. . : It is manv years;ago since I - set out on 1: ,tour through the.vfes--em highlands of tho=i ' picturcBqus counties. .Mayo and Galway. M^! Yacht lay off the little, fishing village • of >Keem; in Clew Bay, from which spot I hod made .trips to Glare Island, " Blackaoo Hai hour, »nd all- the other places worthy<>> mterest-'npon >tbe coast; and I coff df-lnr mined to .hire, a ,guide ,and pty a visit t„> some of the inland tcenerv. I had littlt difficulty in engngmg Larry: -Macgoharty> services dnriog -my stay on shore; he waB an honest lad,.with&laughing; eye, and all the aptness for repartee aud impromptu wit thai, generally belongs to his. countrvmen. But, -as it,is-difficult.-to find an eoiernid without a -flaw, so it isthard to fiad a man; even though' he be -an Emerald islander, without- some tsliiht . blemish ; and : Iiarry.'B, i :soon :dis covered, was aai-isordinate love: of potheen . Witn ,my knapspek on my back,-my stick Jd my, h8nd;-3Bd'X/arry(by my side, I set.off to ;;ascBnd::-the.:pteep Bides^of the Croghanmountain. When we started tbe sun was shining in all itB gloiy, throwing its gold. upon the tress and£eather. Far below lay ,the«aimmnrDfflea:oceanl'«witWut^U'ei:o^o island on which the weary -sea-bird could rest its foot; between Acini -Head and America. In the bay,- Clare Island and the islets could" he seen, some dark as^et, others flashing like a smile - upon, the face of the waters- High, above towered the hill, its summit clad with a crown of forest land, and its slopes covered with a rich growth of' wildwood and flowers; intersected by numerous streamlets that rushed -down; through the velvet mosses, laughing to the sea. Inland we could eee ridges and slopes of green broken only by lakes, peeping from their deep hiding placeB, which spread away as far as the eye could follow. The hum of big. slumberous, heavyladen, broad-backed honey-bees, the joyous notes of numerous song-birds, and the silver tinkling of distant sheep-bells, filled the air with sounds of summer music, and made us linger on oar way. A turn m the road brought in sight an ancient tower, which stood on the brink of an overhanging precipice like some rugged warbeaten sentry guarding the shores ofj his native land. On approaching the building, it turned out, to be an old ruined mill, lonely, dismal, and deserted as the Moated Grange of the Laureate, desolate, spectral, and uncanny aa Hood's Haunted House. I wished to pay a nearer visit, hoping to be able to enter the ruin, but Larry, who was trembling with terror, said—" Ah, sure ! yer honour, doa't go near it; sure the place is haunted." He then proceeded to relate the story of a murder which had taken place there some yt-ar.i previously. Tae • crime was of a peculiarly atrocious character; the son of the old miller had killed him with a hatchet, for the sake of a small sum of money that was believed to be m his possession, and, afterwards, when the deed was discovered, the murderer, pursued by the enraged neighbours, concealed himself in the mill. Tracked by unrelenting justice, and despair ing of escape, he fluc^ himself from the cliff .into the foaming waters beneath- From that time the peasanriy avoided the unholy spot, and it was soou reportei >o be visited by the ghosts of those connected with the murder. Surely, I thought, it any crime can recall the dead, and make the place of.its perpetration accursed, this is one. - "Larry tremblingly described the terrible figuts spoken ;of. uy. the village - gossips, as. -being v'witnessed in the blackened walls "of the dreary mill.;,the most horrible one being the corpse of the murdered man, wuich, on the anniversary of the crime, was sBm lying on the floor of the upper room, glazed with congealed gore. Deserted and accursed, the place Ml into ruins; no one passed it without a shudder and a prayer for the repose of the old man s soul. Without believing in the wild and improbable tales told by the peasants, I felt so much horror of this diabolical-deed, th»t we burned on, glad to be relieved of the influence of the place ; and we soon lost, in ihe bright, sunny scenes, all memory of the haunted mill. For some hours • we continued our excursion in the neighbourhood, pausing often to listen to the cooing of tbe witd wood-pigeons and the- jays of the blackbird and mistlethrush.- As we wandered inland; nothing was visible hut one wide expanse of living vernure, save where the ei/very waters of tbe streamlets and lakes were seen hidden m the luxuriant mass of foliage; the sunset clouds of Italy seemed transported by the hand of some mighty magician to the sylvan solitudes of the "West; .and - no scene of-nature could have offered a fairer image of Paradise. But gradually, as the evening approached, the, wind,, which had been softly sighing through the gently, waving branches, began to blow in freshly from the sea; and the npplmg: wavelets, that, were dancing upon the .surface of the waters, seemed momentarily, to increase in size. Everyone who knows the coast of Ireland is aware how sudden are the changes—from a gale to a ; calm, from a calm to a hurricane. In lialfan-honr the scene was hardly recognisable ; the heavy Atlantic rollers were breaking upon the chore with- tremendons violence; flakes of foam came sweeping over the surgiDg -waters, flying up the mountain side, and were carried far inland; the sand was caught up by : the wind and sent sleeting across the country, thicker and more.intolerable than: any hailstones, filling the eyes, ears, and mouth; levsilmg ditches, overtopping-walls, and threatening to lay the whole , coastline m one common desolation and ruin. H.Larry, who had called at every shebeen on the . road; and- replenished-a.whisky bottle,: . which no persuasion could compel him to relinquish, was byithis time more/ than baifseas :over1 j sandi:to!ttake : :matters vworse; we' miBsed the beaten track and lost our way *• What's to be done now, "Larry said I. " The divil a one of me knows,yer honour; without ye'd Bit here under the rock; and wait till I find out where we are." 1 ; 1 Tbe rock that he spoke of hung over tbe path, giving just sufficient ,shelter for one person; and, as, mglit was coming on, and I felt half-blinded: by the shifting sand, I consented ; and Larry, after promising to return quickly, disappeared m the darknees. Left to myself,.!, soon. began to lament my lonely.condition, and-toeb"se Larry and fate for bringing me into such a mess; m this congenial occupation an bonr passed slowly: awBy, but there was no sign of Larry's return; ;and I ^sorrowfully concluded that be had either: wandered so far that lie wa« unable to- find his way back; or that someaccident hud happened :to him; fearing the latter,-Lresolved: to venture out of my: ls.ir, and try if I could "find him or discover the lost path. - j Cautiouely feeling my way step by step, XI continued to. descend the -mountain; nearly falling into manyof the ravines and precipices with, whichsts ,rugged-sides are broken- At last, after half- ac-hour's: scrambling- about,-' my good fortune brought too into, the road; nearly opposite tbe old mined.mill; here, as I despaired of reaching tbe Tillage tbat night, I detsimined to take refuge. After ascending with some difficulty, the rough andprecipitous --path 'which Jed to the door, I entered the building and lighted a small"travelhng lamp which I always carried in my knapsack I found the door unlocked; justastlieterror-stnckenpeasantshadleft it; .-there iwas; nothing in -the" place to rob, and if there had been, superstition and 1 fear wouldhavebeen farbetter guarftialiB ofthe house than looks and bolts. The -old iomitute still remained, bat it had long nee fallen into such a state of doo&y; as, ie utterly valueless; moBt -of the glass had-. •een snattered in the -window-sashes; on the:. ible Iny 1 he mouldering remains of a supper: eft there by penple whose bones had long •mce -whiien^d in the grey chnrchyard. Being determined to make the best of » . =ad bargain,-I began-to leok round for some- » •ting.to -make a fire with, aud soon : collected ,ilenty:of wood- from the rotting panelling.- fitli which tbe room was surrounded; thUI ouilt up upon the hearth, and soon, for the lrst time intW' nty years; thero'was a bright d»me flickenug m the old chimney comer, v . After drying my clothes, which had become : wet through in my endeavour to find the path, Imale a hearty aupper.. off the .good toings in my knapsaok; and; taking a book,- f rolled myself up m my boat-cl'iak; and lay - down before the £re to.try and pass the time tn reading. But the book that I had brouglt nth me, unfortunately, was a collection -of^ legends and -ghost ;stones :;:.*nd, plthough.Ts was « thorough ssoeptic -about -supernatural ¥ -things, ssfiliawasnotaHogetherifreeirojn: cerlamrm earthly »we due to the ^itn&tal; miwlncli'l was placed.- The ram tad. cesied; lut it was stalltdark; ? the low thunder rolledincessantly along the . hill side, and the wind moaned continuously through, the tossing branches of-the stunted - oak and:birch.-trees. Patter, patter, fell the : raindrops from the rafters,-and, .whenever >- the wind sank for a moment, I could hear.the • solemn dirge that the waves were singing at the foot of the mountain. The influence of the house soon came upon me, and I could not I with it. Just as I was. dropping off to sleep, I seemed to "hear something like a, smothered groan under the flooring; this sound made the blood smktomylieart, but I determined to convince myself that it was only the wind. Still, when the sound was repeated again and again, I was forced unwillingly to believe my senses. It was real, and no trick of a diseased--and excited imagination. My fancies began to crowd into the regions of mystery and night, but, at length, I mustered up my courage, and determined to discover its source. By moving, I broke the spell that hovered over me; I opened the door, and, lamp in hand, I descended the - , stairs to the cellar. In the corner of a dark and dismal vault I saw what seemed to be a luminous ball of fire; a sense of something moving to and fro came over me; thick mists and dense vapours rose from the dark abyss and hovered round me; so, after hesitating a moment whether to advance or retreat, I hurriedly made my way back to the ground floor. Had I not been so terrified astoJbe scarcely conscious, I should have rushed from the house; as it was, impalpable impressions appeared to return from long-forgotten graves to visit me. Just as I was becoming more calm, a sound of scratching was distinctly heard at the door by which I entered ; had I not been so agitated, I should have thought that it was a dog, but, now, my throbbing train could dream of nothing but the supernatural; the room became thronged with shadowy misteries; I dared not open the door, and I dared-not remain where I was. I tried the windows, but they were barred. Then X noticed for the-£rst time a small door leading apparently to the back of the "house; with a sigh of relief I turned the handle; the door : opened, and, as I entered , a small room; the •first thuigthat met my sight was aluminous, ghastly, livid .ligbt, that streamed upwards - from the floor. Hastily retreating; I closed the door. There was no escape; yes, there wasone. In the corner of the room there was an old staircase leading to the upper room of the mill; mechanically I ascended it, and entered; with a scream of horror £ started back. There, stretched on the floor of the room m whioh the murder had been committed, lay the ghastly apparition of a man; his hair, his face, and his whole body covered with an oozing slime that looked like - clotted blood. With hair standing on end, I made but one leap down the staircase, the steps of which were so rotten that I fell through them and became insensible. When I recovered, the sun ^was streaming over the hills; the storm had ceased aB quickly as it commenced; and, as I staggered into the open air, the birds were once more singing then- sweet summer songs. I plunged into the stream that rau past the door; With the daylight my courage and my scepticism returned, ind I made up my mind to hunt out the hidden mysteries of the mill. As I re-entered, I saw standing at the top of the stairs, m the doorway, the same' ghastly figure, its face and body covered with the same oozy slime. With a shriek of horror, I exclaimed— " What in the name of heaven do yon " Half-a-pinfc of whisky, yer honour, -. k I -si- j "i i ifor the botUe's empty," was the reply ; and I recognised the voice of Mr. Larry Maogoharty. "Yon drunken scoundrel, what are you doing here?" " Sure, sor, after I left yer honour, I fell into the bog, and then I found the ould mill; and, as yer honour badt been-good, enough to give me a wee taste -of the crater, I plucked up courage and came in -to reBt for the night." Having found my principal ghost, and : helped him to scrape off some of the mud from the bog,, which I had mistaken for blood, I began to - look for my minor apparitions. I opened the little door at the back; the floor of the room was covered:, with rotten fish, and, as fish when in a -: state of decay generally throws offia phos- - phone light; the luminous ^-appearance :<W3S " easily accounted for. •cellar, and m the , cornsr found an old mountain sheep, who had come there to die. He it was whose groans had first terrified me, and it was the reflection of his eyes that had looked like'the burning coal m the cellar. - ... :- The next-day I left the west coast-of ", Ireland, and, -when I returned -ill 'Jtffcer" years, I found the old building pulled down; so I never had any further opportunity of passing another night of terror in the haunted mill. A Iiondonee,. sffiing an advertisement, headed, " American Steam Safe Company," remarked that he was glad the Americans i bad made steam safe company • •: :. " Wur did you name that old horso Kapo- I?on?' -asked a gentlemeu of R. negro, whose horse was; almost reduced : to a skeleton, i •'. Why, maree, you see it's cazs the bony part j is so strong m him," was the ready reply. - A STKONG-MIKDKP woman was heard to > remark, the,other day, that she would marry a,man,who..had plentyof money; thongh'ha - was.fo ugly, she had to scream every time she looked at him, WJSEH js a pareon like a postman 2—When AN oldgeutlemanwhoiad dabbled allhis life in statistics.pays be.never heard^^of bnt \- pne wonian who insured her life. :-He accounts' -for this by the, singular f^ot of one of the - questions being, " What is your age ?'* " Thebe ie one thing aljont babies," aay® a late traveller—"they never change. "We have-girls of -the-period; men of tue worlfl, but .the baby is the same seU-posBesfied, fearless, laughing, votacioM little lifeitheninall ages and in all wmatriw." ( 11 fa « 'i m 