? CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND MISSION OF TASMANIA TUESDAY, MABCH 13TH, 1877. A preliminary meeting took place at 4 p.m. to make arrangements for future proceedings. At 7'30 the opening session of ministers and delegates was held at Prince's SquareCongregational Church, when members of the various churches and other visitors were also present in the body of the church. The Rev. J. W. Shipphird, of Pontville, President for the past year, occupied the chair ; and there were on or near the platform, the Revs. W Law, C. Price, W. 0. Robinson, J. Nisbet,J. W. Simmons, J. M. Bayley,B. S. Bird, and M. W. Bradney. The service was commenced by singing a hymn, read out by the Rev. Mr Bayley wlio also read part of Ephesians iv. Prayer was offered by the Rev. M. W. Bradney. Rev. J. W. Simmons, as Secretary, read the roll of ministers and delegates as follows :— . . Brighton—Rev. J. W. Shipphird. New Town—Rev. J. Nisbet. Memorial Church, Eobart Town—Rev. W. 0. Robinson and Messrs J. LumBden, Yautin, and J. Withrington. Davey-street Church, Hobart Town Rev. B. S. Bird, and Messrs Jas. Salier and A. J. Taylor. Union Church, Hobart Town—Rev. J. W. Simmons. JIuon—Rev. J. M. Bayley and Mr Osborne Geeves. Tamar-strcct, Laun-cestoii—Rev. C. Price, and Messrs D. Room, W. Gurr, T. Ridge. Prince's Square, Launceston—Rev. W. Law, and Messrs Jno. Steer, E. Dickins, C. S. Button, H. Button, A. N. Spong/ • F. L. Fysh, J. Pepper, A. W. Birchall, J.' Lane, and L. Fairthorne. The rev. gentleman Baid he had received a telegram from the Rev. Mr Mell at Longford intimating that he had been prevented coming on through indisposition, but he hoped to be present next day. ' Rev. W. Law said he had the pleasing duty to introduce the Rev. M. W. Bradney, a member of the Congregational Union of Victoria, and he had to ask the members of this Union to be kind enough to give him a seat amongst them during the present session. Mr Bradney had been rendering good service on the North- West Coast, and he was glad his services had been acceptable there. He was also about to render some further service on tbe Coast. The President welcomed Mr Bradney to the Union. Rev. W. Law then introduced Mr Alderman Naylor, of Kidderminster, England, as a visitor, he having come to the colonies for health purposes. Mr Naylor had brought with him a letter from the Rev. Mr Dale, of Birmingham, also a letter from the Rev. Mr Hunsworth, his own minister, speaking of his valuable services as a member of the municipality of the town of Kidderminster, and also a member of the Finance Committee of the Congregational Union of England. He (Mr Law) was sure they were all glad to see Mr Naylor, and he asked ths President, on his behalf, to give him a seat with them at the present sittings. The President, in the name of the Union, also gave this gentleman a, hearty welcome. Mr Law said they hoped to have speeches from their two friends at the public meeting at the Town Hall on Thursday night (applause). Rev. Mr Shipphird then said it only remained for him, as President for the past year, to retire in favor of his successor, the Rev. W. C. Robinson. The past year had been one of unbroken union and peace, and in introducing his successor he had only one wish—not that there might be greater union and peace—but that there might be more work (a laugh). The new President then entered the pulpit, and asked the audience to join in singing, which he was sure they would do heartily, the 890th hymn, commencing Stand up ! stand up for Jesus ! Ye soldiers of the cross ! Lift high His royal banner- It must not suffer loss ! The rev. gentleman then delivered the INAUGURAL ADDRESS as follows :— BRETHREN AND FRIENDS,—Having appointed me to the position of President of this Union, you will expect me, in opening the session, to address you upon some subject of interest and importance to the Congregational body. With a desire to answer, in some measure, this expectation I shall speak of " the Church, its ministers, and its ministries," a subject presenting a wide field, and one which, on account of its comprehensiveness and manifold bearings on Christian work, demands the fulness and elaboration of a treatise, rather than the brevity of a presidential address. THE CHURCH. Every theory of a Christian church assumes that a church is a tangible representation of religion, that it is composed of individual members who are, in some sense, to be considered religious. The religion desiderated may be no more than a lifeless formalism, or a gorgeous and artistic ritualism ; it may consist in a conservatism that holds, with iron grasp, to a traditional orthodoxy, or in the claim of sacerdotal prerogatives received in unbroken lineal descent from the Apostles; or it may be that state of mind and heart whose only claim to recognition is the seal of heaven, the humble trust and fervid aspirations of a soul which, under a deep sense of its unworthiness, rests wholly upon the infinite merits of the crucified and risen Saviour. Religion is personal. I do not mean by this that it is a matter which so excludes everything outside of a man excepting God, that it can be said to be a something that concerns only God and a man's own soul. Strictly speaking this is an impossibility. No man can be independent in his religion. God speaks to man's heart through the instrumentality of man. If we go to the Bible, God there speaks to us through patriarchs,and prophets, and apostles. If we express our feelings in sacred song we are not alone, for our spirit is elevated by spiritual communion with the writer ; every devotional page we read, every meeting for worship, testifies to us that in religion we are dependent upon other minds, and upon agencies without ourselves. The effect of these agencies is the stirring up of thought and feeling, the production of a religious consciousness, the awakening of a strong, personal interest in the soul in all things pertaining to God. This is what we call personal experience, and in this sense religion is a personal thing. But as thiB personal religious life is connected with, and dependent upon <3tjlet men and other spiritual lives, - every man's spiritual life is, of necessity, a unit of the whole of that spiritual life which constitutes the church. Individual profession, as the result of strong, serious convictions, is an outward representation of that life; and the aggregate of those who make this profession constitutes what we usually understand by the term, the Church of Christ. In this sense the Apostle Paul uses the word in writing to the Corinthian Christians—" Unto the Church of God, which is at Corinth, to them that are sanctified in Christ Jesus, called to be saints, with all them that in every place call upon the name of Jesus Christ our Lord, both theirs and ours." With this agrees the nineteenth article of the Book of Common Prayer, which defines a visible church to be a congregation of faithful men, in which the pure Word of God is preached, and the Sacraments are duly administered according to Christ's ordinance. The entire visible Church of Christ is composed of the whole of these congregations of the faithful ; and it is of the ministers and ministries of this visible church I intend to speak. CHURCH GOVERNMENT. Religion in its progress, as in its inception, is dependent upon external means. These are as essential to spiritual development, as moisture and sunshine are to the growth of a plant. God has not pronounced upon anything the doom of isolation. All parts of external nature are related to each other, and each individual portion is dependent upon all the rest. So it is with man—physically, socially, mentally, spiritually. The family is made up of individuals, the state of families. Without the family organisation and authority, _ the state would, in a short time, fall into a condition of anarchy. As regards the church, which is the Kingdom of Christ, individual churches bear the same relation to it that families do to the state ; and both churches and families, while containing in themselves an element of authority for self-government, are subject to a supreme law. The condition of society in the middle jes, the ignorance, and cruelty, and rapacity of rulers, and the false position which churchmen assumed in relation, to the state, culminated in an ecclesiastical despotism more rigorous and paralysing than ' any other that has, in any age, oppressed the world. The assumption of the position was due, primarily, to two things :. civil misrule, and ecclesiastical ambition ; the abuse of it arose out of the spiritual power of the Church, which claimed the prerogative of remitting sins. Mediaeval ignorance and stagnation of thought favored these pretensions:' The Reformation did much towards exposing the fallacy, and freeing the minds and souls of men from a twofold bondage—intellectual and spiritual. But as a bow suddenly relieved from extreme tension will spring far in an opposite direction, so the mind rebounds from one extreme to another, and especially is this the case when the change is from oppression to liberty. We cannot conceal from ourselves that the tendency of modern times is towards a rejection of all: previously acknowledged authority, a claim of mental independence bordering upon isolation. Many disclaim altogether, the ordinances of religion; they would be free of both ministers and churches; they would deal with God alone, have no communion with the saintB in worship, be no parties to Cburch organisations, and speak of Church work only to condemn it. Such men either starve their souls by their seclusiveness, or, like vampires, live upon the life-blood of the churches. To poison either body or mind is easy work ; one which any man inflated with self-importance may carry on. The difficulty is to detect the virus, and to administer such an antidote as shall work a satisfactory cure. ECCLESIASTICAL STATUS. Nor is it only by those who, with Procrustean kindness, would make us all come up to the Romish standard, or those who professedly denounce all standards, that, as ministers of the Church, our right to exist is called in question. There are, not far from every one of us, clergymen who are seeking to introduce mediaeval superstitions in the place of Scripture truth, who modestly publish with their own lips that they, and they only, have been divinely appointed to preach the Gospel and to administer the ordinances of the Church. Arrogating to themselves exclusively this right, they denounce as guides to perdition the ministers of other churches who have not received, through the mystic line of apostolical succession, the wonderful virtue which they claim to have received through episcopal ordination. It might, perhaps, be considered some mitigation of the offensiveness of the attitude thus assumed were it confined wholly to those who seek, by putting forth such fictitious and arrogant claims, to draw attention from their mental deficiencies and want of culture ; but with a disingenuousness truly lamentable clergymen, who would resent the charge of ignorance, men of influence and good position, are on every hand .charged with doing the same. APOSTOLIC SUCCESSION. If we have no right, as ministers, to exist, I suppose that, as men, we have the right of speech; at any rate, we claim the right, and I intend to use it. We have no quarrel with those whose credulity is 80 capacious and accommodating as to make room for such an obsolete superstition, but would in the most kindly spirit warn them of the germs of danger which lie buried therein. This question is not one whose importance is circumscribed : it affects all churches ; nor iB it one of clerical ascendancy, but of vital importance in the interests of truth. It is inseparably connected with the honour of Christ. If we preach in His name our people have a right to demand, "By what authority doest thou these things, and who gave thee this authority ?" We reply that every devoted Christian man upon whom the Holy Ghost has bestowed gifts, and sympathies, and longings for preaching the gospel ; who has, moreover, been called by the voice of the Church, and by his success given "full proof of his ministry," every such Christian man being a minister of the Word, though he have not the stamp of apostolic succession, has what is far more to be desired, the seal of God. Ministers must be judged in the same manner as other men—as artists, architects, artisans are, by their works. No ecclesiastical designation can compensate for the gifts of the Holy Ghost. Upon what grounds do those who lay claim to apostolic succession rest their claims 1 Will they stand the test of ordinary historical criticism 1 or will they recede before our attempt to come near to them, and prove no more substantial than will o' the wisps 1 As I desire to deal in all fairness with this question, not striving to attain an end for party purposes, I shall quote the opinions of some of the best writers of the Church of England. In his treatise " On the Pope's Supremacy,", Barrow says—"The apostolical office, a3 such, was personal and temporary, and therefore, according to its nature and design, not successive or communicable to others in perpetual descendance from them." He then lays down among others these conditions as absolutely necessary to be fulfilled in every man claiming the prerogatives of apostolical succession :— " The person should have an immediate designation and commission from God " be able to attest concerning our Lord's resurrection and ascension, either immediately as the eleven, or by evident consequence,as St. Paul;" "be endowed with miraculous gifts and graces ;" and quoting Chrysostom, "be able to impart spiritual gifts." "Now such an office," he continues, " was not designed to continue by derivation; neither did the Apostles pretend to communicate it." There are writers on this subject who assert " that the matter is too notorious to require proof ;" that in this succession "every link of the chain is known;" that "there is not a bishop, priest, or deacon who cannot, if he please, trace his own spiritual descent from St. Peter or St. Paul." Surely, since such momentous issues are declared to hang upon this succession, some one might, if not for his own sake, yet for the sake of the benighted ones outside the lines of succession, please to undertake this pious labor, an<' secure for himself an immortal name by leading thousands into the true fold. An attempt has been made to reach the goal by "a short and easy method," an argument consisting of the logical formula, " It must be because it is." APPEAL TO SCRIPTURE. An appeal has also been made to the New Testament in support of the doctrine. Our Lord's words to Peter, when giving him the power of the keys, are quoted—" Whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth Bhall be loosed in heaven" (Matt, xvi., 19). Now, whatever may 'be the power promised in these mysterious words, it is a fact fatal to the conclusion sought to be deduced therefrom, that the same promise, literally word for word, except the necessary grammatical alteration of the singular "thou" into the plural "ye," is given, not to the other apostles as well as to Peter, nor to their successors in the apostolical office, but to ths church itself assembled in Christ's name (Matt, xviii., 18). The concluding verse of this Gospel is also claimed as evidence—" Lo I am with you alwajr, even unto the end of the world." This is evidently a promise that our Lord would be with the Apostles in their work and with those who should succeed them m preaching His Gospel, even unto the end of time. Can it mean more than this ? I say no ; and I do not see how anyone, unless determined to make out a case, can find in these words any hint of an episcopal succession in direct line from the Apostles. He who could believe such a thing must be, as Dr Vaughan says, "a person who could give no stronger proof of being capable of believing anything which it might be agreeable to him to believe." In the case of Timothy, Titus, and the ' angels of the seven churches, Dean Stanley may be accepted as an authority :— "It is not necessary to prove at length the wholly temporary character of the office-if it may be called an office— which Timotheus and Titus held respectively at Ephesus and Crete, of whom the first was governor of the church only in Paul's absence (1 Tim., iv., 13, ; i., 3) ; and left it altogether before Paul's death (2 Tim. iv., 9) ; and the second was to leave the island that very winter (2 Tim. iv., 10 ; Tit. iii., 12). Nor can any ecclesiastical institution be deduced from the mention of the ' angels ' of the seven churches, in the total absence of any proof for such an application of the word in the apostolic age, and against the uniform use of it in all other parts of the Apocalypse in its usual sense of a heavenly messenger." In vain, then, we have searched for this doctrine in the apostolic commission, the charge of St. Paul to Timothy and to Titus, and in the address to the Apocalyptic Churches. But do the Apostles nowhere refer to ordination, and the manner in which it was performed 1 Paul does so in writing to Timothy ; and no wonder he exhorts Timothy to faithfulness on account of the solemnity of his designation by the laying on of hands, for it appears to have been a part of his work to ordain "bishops." Then, of course, Timothy himself had been ordained by the Apostles, or at least by bishops duly appointed by the Apostles t There cannot be a greater mistake. The assertion that it was so is nothing but " the baseless fabric of a vision," a dream utterly destitute of reality. Timothy was set apart to his work " with the laying on of the hands of the presbytery;" and stranger still as it may appear to us, in the case of Paul, when commencing his special work of preaching unto the Gentiles, he was not ordained by apostles nor by bishops, but he, although an Apostle himself, was set apart for his work by the laying on of the hands of " certain prophets and teachers" who were in the Church at Antioch. (Acts xiii., 3.) "SINE QDA NON" OF CANONISTS. In passing on to the historical side of this question, 1 shall, by the way, name some of those conditions which, in the opinion of canonists, vitiate the succession contended for. According to their own showing, a multitude of particulars must combine in every case and in an unbroken stream for eighteen hundred years. An eminent writer says— " Canonists have named a considerable series of circumstances, any one of which proved would suffice to disqualify a man for the episcopal office. Should he have happened to have,, been unbaptised ; should he not have passed through the subordinate offices, or not have been duly ordained to those offices ; should he have become bishop without consecration, or should he have received consecration from one bishop only, or from a bishop of another province ; should he have been under age ; should he have obtained his see by simony ; should he be convicted of holding heretical opinions ; should he have been elected by force, or should he be given to gambling or intoxication— any one of these circumstances, not to mention others, would be enough to occasion a break in the descent of the apostolic virtue, and to entail infinite disaster." If in any case only oce of these fatal breaks in the apostolical chain should have occurred the mischief would not be confined to the bishop himself, but he having been thereby deprived of the mystic benefit of the succession, every one ordained by such bishop would, as the lineal descent would have been destroyed, fail of the benefit supposed to be derived therefrom. But it would be no difficult task to prove that not only one of the above-named circumstances, but eveiy one of them has happened. HISTORICAL TESTIMONY. I will give you evidence from the ecclesiastical histories of Eusebius and Socrates. One man obtained consecration as a bishop by drawing three ignorant bishops into a drunken bout ; Melitus, mentioned in the records of the Council of Nice, went about conferring ordination after he had been deposed ; and the Council admitted, in a secondary sense, the validity of the orders. _ Jerome and Gregory Nanzianzum complain of bishoprics obtained by craft, violence, and simony. Ambrose Bishop of Milan, though "unbaptised and unconverted," was compelled by the populace to assume the office of bishop. Sulpicius Severus complains that all was rendered corrupt by the vices of the bishops. The horrible debaucheries narrated by Gibbon are too revolting for comment. Whatever cunning and villainy could devise, whatever violence, fraud, cruelty, perjuiy, lawlessness, intrigue, obscenity, could achieve, however abhorrent to nature^ whether upon man or woman, was done without restraint. \- Hallam in his work on " The Middle Ages," speaking of the tenth centuiy, says—"This dreaiy interval is filled up in the annals of the Papacy by a series of revolutions and crimes. Six Popes were deposed, two murdered, one mutilated. Frequently two or even three competitors, among whom it is not always possible by any genumecriticism to distinguish the true shepherd, drove each other alternately from the city." " The corruption of the head extended naturally to all other members of the Church. All writers concur in stigmatising the dissoluteness and the clergy » ecency that P revailed among THE ENGLISH CHURCH. I know that it is asserted by those who are determined to make out a case in their own favor, that the Church of England does not depend upon the Churcli of Rome for the validity of its orders : that it always was Anglo-Catholic. Whatever may be said, we cannot ignore the historical fact that the Church in England was wholly under the authority of the Romish Church for a thousand years, and her bishops were consecrated by direction of the Pope. But granting, for the sake of argument, all that is claimed on this point, we shall find that very grave reasons still remain for doubting the claim of apostolical succession. Lord Macaulay, in his "Essay on Church and State," after narrating various facts in connection with English ecclesiastical history, says—" We are, therefore, at a loss to conceive how any clergyman can feel confident that his orders have come down correctly. Whether he be a successor of the apostles depends upon an immense number of such contingencies as these : whether under King Ethel wolf a stupid priest might not, while baptising several scores of Danish prisoners, who had just made their option between the font or the gallows, inadvertently omit to perform the rite on one of these graceless proselytes ; whether in the seventh century an impostor who had never received consecration might not have passed himself off as a bishop on a rude tribe of Scots ; whether a lad of twelve did really, by a ceremony huddled over when he was too drunk to know what he was about, convey the episcopal character to a lad of ten. Since tlia first century no less, in all probability, than a hundred thousand persons have exercised the functions of bishops. That many of these have not been bishops by apostolic succession is quite certain." At the Reformation all English bishops had their commission from Henry VIII. Tillotson, Archbishop of Canterbury, was not baptised, nor was he ordained to the lower orders of the priesthood ; nor were Archishop Seeker and Bishop Butler, both of whom were sons of Nonconformists, baptised ; and about twenty of the. bishops held office without being consecrated. Archbishop Usher says the succession " has no. certainty of history." Stillingfleet says " the succession is as muddy as the Tiber itself. The records are lost ; we cannot trace the succession of the British Churches." At the accession of Queen Elizabeth the whole of the bishops were deposed, and only one out of the whole number— Anthony Kitchen, of Llandaff -took the oath of royal supremacy. All the other bishops were appointed by the Queen's commission, without ecclesiastical, authority. The British Quarterly commenting upon this significant fact, says, " If the hierarchy, or Convocation represent the Church, then the old Church of England came to an end at the beginning of Elizabeth's reign, and a new church entirely distinct from the old one was constituted by royal authority." Archbishop Parker was consecrated by four bishops not in office, but deprived of jurisdiction, civilly and ecclesiastically, in the previous reign. Their only authority was that given by Elizabeth, and not one of them believed in apostolical succession. Barlow, who was really the consecrator, said that any layman being learned, if appointed by royal authority, would be as good a bishop as any in England. We UNCHRISTIAN AND UNTBUE. may easily understand why - the early writers of the Anglo-Catholic movement cautioned their readers not to be too curious about this subject, but to accept it as true. It would be safer to as sume the truth of it than to try to prove it. How different this from our Lord's principle—" He that doeth truth cometh to the light." A system, moreover, that places a church in antagonism towards other churches, that unchurches the greater part of the Protes tant bodies throughout the world, bears not upon its standard the device that shall be unfurled in every land— " By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples indeed, if ye have love one to another." Unchristian it is because uncharitable and untrue. One may as well strive to come at the foundations of the rainbow, or to grasp the unsubstantial air, as hope to find a historical basis for the theory of apostolical succession. THE TRUE SUCCESSION. Apart from episcopal ordination, however, there is a grand truth which is the heritage of the whole Church of Christ. He who at the first chose His apostles, j appoints His ministers now. In the midst of the golden candlesticks He con tinues to superintend the affairs of His Church. The authority that appointed apostles and prophets also givea evangelist» and pastorB and teachers " for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ, till we all come in the unity of the faitli and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ." This is a synopsis of Christ's arrangement for the ministry of His Church until it shall attain unto that glorious fulness which He has designed, which fulness shall constitute the perfection of the. joy which He had before him when He endured the Cross, despising the shame. We have a right to demand of those who make the ministerial office — its validity and efficiency—to depend upon episcopal ordination, that they should show us that episcopacy, such as they now contend for, existed in the time of the Apostles. So far from this being the case, we have on this point no reliable historical data which fixes it earlier than the middle of the third century ; and even theu the title of cpiscopus, president or overseer, was given to the presiding presbyter, as Hilarius says, " hie enim episcopus est, qui inter presbyteros primus est." Claiming as we do for ourselves and the ministers of other churches the right to exercise the gifts with which God has endowed us for the sacred office which we fill, it becomes us to make full proof of our ministry. THE MINISTRIES OF THE CHURCH. An office without work would be like a body without life, a tree without fruit, a central sun destitute of light and force. Although there are men who affect to depreciate a preaching ministry, they cannot deny that Christ's commission was, " Go into all the world and preach the Gospel unto every creature ;" in accordance with which Paul said, "Christ sent me not to baptise, but to preach the Gospel ;" and of the earliest disciples, scattered through persecution, it is recorded that they travelled to various places, " preaching the Word," " preaching the Lord Jesus." Thie Apostle Paul wrote to the Corinthians, " It pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save those that believe." And, again, " For I determined not to know anything among you, save Jesus Christ,. and Him crucified." To Timothy he says, " I charge thee before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge the quick and the dead at His appearing and His kingdom, preach the Word ; be instant in season, out of season." Our chief work, •brethren, as defined in the New Testament, is to preach Christ, to proclaim to all men " the glorious gospel of the blessed God." HUMAN" SYSTEMS. But when I assert that our chief duty as ministers is to preach the gospel, far be it from me to circumscribe that gospel by any ecclesiastical lines, or mould it in the matrix of any, be it the most orthodox, creed. God must be greater than man's mind, deeper than the most profound, vaster than genius the most sublime. An astronomer traces, with mathematical accuracy, the courses of the heavenly bodies, determines their volume and their weight, calculates their motions, velocities, disturbing influences, and compensations, penetrates the secrets of -naterial composition and chemical forces, and writes a book about these and other mysteries, and his book, however accurate and comprehensive, is no more than the impression of his own limited intellect, as to the forms and motions of worlds comprising the physical universe. That book would very inadequately represent God's vast embodied thought. Such books are invaluable, and in the case of most men are : the only means of attaining a knowledge of astronomy. But excellent as they may be, they are not the universe itself. In like manner that wonderful structure which a quarter of a century ago was so popular in London—the "Globe," in Leicester Square—not only presented to the eye in gigantic outline the countries of the earth, but in just proportion the physical appearance of the surface. One could judge of the comparative height of mountains and table lands, and see at a glance the physical peculiarities of tropical and arctic regions. Lady Franklin is said to have studied the latter every day, and formed plans for the rescue, if possible, of her gallant husband. But this "Globe" was not God's grand world of mountain and valley, of ocean and silvery stream. There was no life there, no forms of charming gracefulness and beauty, no flowers exhaling fragrance, no intellect, no magic power of love. God's world and man's world must ever remain at infinite distance from each other. If man's thought cannot " reach half-way to God" in His physical revelation, how can he expect that he can comprehend Hun in the deeper, yea, the deepest, depths of His infinite love, as revealed in the Gospel ? The Bible is to us what the physical world is to students of natural science. Books will help us as they do them, Books—genuine ones—are the heights which earnest, gifted men have reached in the -difficult ascent that leate to the teniple «Ï truth, from winch positions they encouragé bur lagging steps, and lend a helping hand in our need. Far be it from us to undervalue them. By their aid, as with telescope or microscope, we may learn to perceive facts and truths which otherwise we should have overlooked-the student of Nature in the works t>f God, the student of redeeming love " m His sacred Word. PREACHING The Gospel of Christ, with all its wondrous fulness, is the theme of ottr. ministrations. For the understanding of this Gospel we would accept of aid from all sources. Illustrations flow in upon lis on every hand, as sun-rays light up an object on every aide. The Gospel, like a perfect Tern, will hear inspection at every face and every angle : you need not fear the discovery of any flaw. Whatever you find in the Gospel preach fearlessly, ana because fearlessly, preach fully ; but beivare lest you mistake art extraneous reflection for the light of the pure gem. In preaching the Gospel we must not take for granted that our people know all about it. Why there are multitudes of people who, though the wonderful facts bf nature have been spread before them all their life long, are wholly ignorant of their significance ; so there are people to whom the Gospel has, from childhood; been familiar who have not, perhaps, at any one time, spent two consecutive halfhours in serious and prayerful meditation upon its teachings. My brethren, Me must preach Christ. It may be accounted old-fashioned, and itching ears m&y; be impatient for something new, but our duty is laid down for us with a directness and clearness that cannot be either overlooked or mistaken—it is to preach Christ aud Him crucified. It may be oldfashioned, but so are sunrise and sunset, so are summer and winter ; still we cannot do without them, notwithstanding all the discoveries of scifence and the improvements in mechanical art. _ The fact that man is a sinner is old-fashioned, and so long as that fact remains the Gospel of the grace of God first preached in Eden, and, in purpose, prepared before the foundation of the world, will be as suitable to him in future ages as it has : ever been in the paBt. The Gospel is an " everlasting gospel." The word of the Lord, which by the Gospel is preached unto us, endureth for ever. In nature the oldest things are the strongest, for the weak die out; Who wearies himself with seeking a beauty softer than the dawn, a brightness beyond the noon day splendor, or drapery more varied and gorgeous than thu sunset, simply because the sun is old 1 Or who would reject as old fashioned the perfume of the violet, the music oV the mountain stream, the laugh of a child, or a mother's love ? These are all as old as the human family, and will ever continue ; they are too precious for the world to let them die. It is just the same with the Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. It would consume too much time for me even to hint at the manner in which this sublime theme should be set forth, and show how every other subject may be dignified by being associated with'its. unparalleled grandeur. The preaching of moral duties, if dissociated from the grace of Christ, is as unattractive as the indistinct outline of hills seen through a wintry fog. The Gospel like a pure heavenly light tints every object with beauty and glory, and turns dreary and distorted forms into sources of the purest enjoyment. Let us set before our people the facts of the Gospel, as well as the grand old doctrines of which they are the foundations ; but chiefly let us dwell upon the theme of ever deepening interestsalvation through the blood of Christ, the forgiveness of sins according to the riches of His grace. Beware of uniting with Him in His work anything that shall deprive Him of His glory; let no essential truth be omitted ; let nothing, because distasteful to human wishes, or antagonistic to the course of the world, be even partially concealed ; proclaim both privileges and duties, Christ the fulness of one, and the source of strength for the other. All men of all classes need the Gospel ; it is adapted to all, and provided for all—" the power of God unto salvatijn to every one that belie veth." SPIRITUAL 1'OWES. In the preaching of the Gospel we rest for success not upon the strength of our convictions nor effectiveness in delivery. When our Lord instructed his Apostles as to the nature of their work, he promised them the abiding presence of the "Spirit of Truth," and said " He shall testify of me ' The Gospel dispensation is the "Ministration of the Spirit." The true power of the Gospel is the power of the Holy Ghost. The Apostles were to wait before commencing their labors. ± hey were to be led "into all truth," and to be '•endued with powèr from on high Not truth alone, nor the Spirit alone, but both united, constituted their qualification for their work. So must it ever be. "Without the Spirit we "are powerless. He, as thfe Spirit of Light, ànd-truth, and • power, and life, arid ' comfort, can prepare the hearts' of the heaters for thé reception of the-truth, adapt the truth to their individual need, and inspire the preacher. Let US ever strive to take the Spirit with JU in our ministrations, for our Heavenly Father will give his Holy Spirit to them that ask iiim. UNREASONABLE EXPECTATIONS. Our sermons will frequently be declared wanting. Men are sure to make erroneous judgments about things they do not fully understand, and oftentimes hold to those judgments with a dogged pertinacity in proportion to their unsoundness. Our sermons, and most of us have'three to preach weekly to the same audience, are by some hearers compared with' the special sermons of great preachers bf other days, or '-with the speeches of great brators, each onéi of which is on some special subject. The difference in the two cases is not considered. The orator has his Special theme—ours is the one gospel. He ma"y take wéeks or even months in working up his speech—we, subjected as we are to continual interruptions even in thô'short time snatched from visitation and other duties, cannot secure more than a few hours, perhaps, for the production of a sermon! A ; minister is not unfrequently expbeted to know everything that Anybody in his congregation has made a special study of, to present the truth lie has studied, so as to be equally intelligible and acceptable to all "Classes, to be a means of good to hearers irrespective bf their own prayerful meditation and effort; and especially to preaoh everybody's opinions, i and'to suit his discourses to everybody's; eiperience. A very painful dilemma m which a preacher is occasionally placed is in the case of persons, having a regard.for religion, who thrmigh the week;are thoroughly engaged in manual labor, or so absorbed in business, as to interfere with their physical comfort. If such persons expect thé Word under these-circumstances to possess a spiritual chatm or the power of A physical stimulant, they seek in it an efficacy that God never endowed it with. ENCOURAGEMENTS. But notwithstanding all these drawbacks our encouragements are gréât. We believe the promise ; of God that His Word shall not returb unto Hint void. The Gospel has lost none of its ancient power. It is the one divine remedy for the ills of our. race. It has conquered. The powers of darkness have fallen. ' The enemy seems almost ubiquitous. ' But in whatever form, and from whatever source the opposition hąś arisen or may yet . arise,wehavefaithinGod: Philosophy may speculate; 'dogmatism may decry; modern thought rûay present itself iii new relations and demand ' the supreme homage' of the intellect, the current of civilisation may appear to drift men beyond the reach of Gospel truth, and- science may claim to set up a new Gospel. Let none of these things move us. God is with us. Thé gold that has ! stood the fiery trial of past centuries will not turn 'to dross in the hands of the modern alchemist. God's. Alps will still bravé as fierce storms as ever played -around the head of Mont Blanc. It would be quite as reasonable to fear the overthrow of the monarch of mountains as to féar for the Word of God. " Heaven and earth may pasB away," says Christ, " but my Word shall not pass away." Many 'other matters I had intended to include iri this address—visitation of the aged, the sick, the dying, and other duties, which, although of interest to us as ministers, would, if now dwelt upon, preclude the possibility of speaking of those ministries which are of a more general character. LAY AGENCY. Persons, who by attendance upon our ministry place themselves ' to some extent under our care, expect ministerial visitation and counsel, but there are many to whom we have ńó access. These may be generally reached through tract distribution, cottage services, or organisations of a special character initiated to meet a special want. ' The need of our •churches is earnest workers for Christ. "Let him that heareth say Come." Much more Christian work could be overtaken in our towns if Young Men's Christian Associations could be formed, and I think that such a gathering as the present would be a very favorable opportunity for taking the matter into consideration. A conference consisting of delegates from all Churches willing to cooperate might be recommended, and although as a -deliberative ecclesiastical body we could not establish such-an association, we could give the weight of our sanction to any project that might be hereafter attempted, and might,' moreover, go so far as to address a letter to the other Christian churches urging this matter •upon their consideration. Nor is our Sunday School work all we could desire to see it. Some of 'our schools need a' better supply of teachers, : or teachers more efficiently trained for their work ; and other schools, whose teaching staff i's adequate to their rèquiréments, are;' to soine extent, dependent upon other churches for supply. This is not .by any means satisfactory. Eveiry church should find withiii itself workers sufficient both in numbers and competency. OUTSIDE THE CHUKCH. I have already hinted that there are many persons., tó whom as ministers we have no access ; persons of whom it may be said 1 they are outside the church,; from the undeniable .fact that they never enter it. The Apostles understood their commission as laying upon them the solemn duty of aggression. They were to preach the Gospel unto every creature. True, their Gospel' was the novelty : of their day. Men desired to hear' about the new religion. Curiosity opens many a door that prejudice or indifference closes. When I first went to, Victoria Congregationalism was unknown by name in the town where I commenced my ministry in that colony, and some persons out of curiosity catae to hear the new preacher, or to use their own words, •* to know what the new religion was." Some people have an impression that they are not wanted in our churches, no man cares for their souls. Could not special sendees be occasionally held for such, and bè so altered in their form from the usual . robtine'às tb be rendered attractive without interfering with the solemnity of worship, or offending against good taste? How it could be accomplished I will not here venture to say, but suggest, for your consideration the desirability of holding some kind of service' out of the usual order. Care must, however, be taken that we do not admit ! of any element inconsistent with the gospél, 'but within thése_ limits we have, as far as Christ himself is concerned, full liberty to act. STRONG BRINK. One of thechięf obstacles to attendance at. church, so far as 1 have been able to form an opinion, and that which biittressps lip both scepticism and vice, is indulgence in strong drink. I say not just now anything about the cause of this, gigantic evil, nor thé means of cure. I want to lay before the representatives of our churches the too obvious fact that drink is a féarfuT agent in keeping men and' women from'attendance upon the means' of grace. Whether, in some cases, neglect of the meatis of grace may have been 'the first step-to intempérance, ór intemperance may 1 have led to" that neglect, •may be difficult to deterinine, or whether the habits came on pari passu, simultaneously ańd with equal step '; ' but whatever may halve béèn thé initiatory causes of the evil, there it is, arid those who neglect thé sanètuàry are as fully included' in our Lord's commission as those' who attend. There is no escape from the obr ligation laid upon us. The point we have to determine is how that obligation can be' most efficiently discharged. Towards the wretched inhabitants of the streets and lanes of thé city ; towards the homeless wanderer on the highway, the outćast seeking ' shelter under the hedges' by the .road side ;' towards the halt and the maimed,' and the lame,'and'the blind; there was once' in' this world a heart that beat in genuine' pity, and in secret coald weep and pray for such. Yes, "our Lord cime to call sinners tb repentance, came to seek the wandering, and to save the lost. And this he did by self denial. If this was needful on the part, of Christ in doing such a work, how can we expect to do' work for Him -and tó gain His approbation unless we cultivate the same spirit 1 The worth of any real work for Christ, is to be estimated by what It costs us. What can the members of Our Churches do 1 what can we as ministers do 1 what are we really and in earnest doing .to lessen, to put à stop to this soul-destroying evil 1 TOTAL ABSTINENCE, Some may satisfy, or tiy to satisfy, themselves by saying the' case of the drunkard is 1 hopeless, let us look to the children. Does not the impurity of the fountain . head pollute the streams ? Is not the thirst for strong drink transmitted from parents to childreii ? That is a terrible fact, founded upon, observation too extensive to adniit of doubt ; so that in the solution of this difficult and important problem— the means of deliverance from the evils of strong drink — thé usually accepted maxims' seem to lose half their truth, and it is necessary to save the parents in order to reach the children. Let us look at the facts thus :—Our drinking customs are like'thé Sphinx. As you first approach' she has thé appearance of à sweet goddess, a veritable,'divinity. The ścereńity of her countenance, the calmness of her eye, the feminine softness arid 1 beauty bf the bust cannot but excite admiration and even wonder ; but come nearer- and you find hidden' in that crouching form, the extremities' of a beast of prey : thé Sphinx but allures in order to destroy.' The only safety is in avoiding her. The Sphinx 1 propounded her riddles, and mercilessly destroyed all she got into her power : so does strong drink. Safety lies in avoidance of the danger. And while we bid others beware, let us ourselves Bet a noble example of self-denial tor the sake of others. CONCLUSION. Brethren, I have sought in this address : to pay something that might be of benefit, to ourselves .and our people. If the word : I have spoken should lead any to be more . helpful and considerate, more devoted to the Saviour and His work, I rejoice that. He whose honour is most;dear toonr hearts. Jean make His strength. perfect in •our weakness. To my own heart there is nothing dearerthan liberty and love. Some of,you may, perhaps, have thought that to argUe •against the soul-shrivelling doctrine of: apostolical succession has been a waste of -, strength ; you know that-an idol is nothing in the world, and. that of all the idols, and creations of mythology, from the . heights of Olympus down to the deepest depths of Tartarus, there is no more foggy , myth than that which the advocates of this succession maintain. But if we claim, to have a more glorious truth, let the devotedness of our hearts and,labours ever be in harmony with it... Our . work is to preach Christ, to lead : sinners to : repentance, and love, and holiness, and" heaven. May the Saviour, be to us, individually, unspeakably precious. May His; love be ;the ..sweetest,: theme of our contemplations, the richest, music to our , ears, .give! strength, to our hearts, and. fire to our hps. Dear,, and more.dear, may His sacred name be to us, until our hearts in lowly. ! adoration and burning love shall crown Him Lord of all. We have all need to be ; baptised with , the Holy ©host, to : have , revealed to our souls, by His loving and. , holy teaching, the infinite sweetness of our Redeeming Lord, to feel the: lore, of Jesus beating in our .hearts, throbbing .in every desire, .giving, form to every pur-.. pOBe, and direction to every action,: until in the overflowing ecstacy of our holy joy we. can without any reserve exclaim, Yes, Thou art precious to my soul, My transport, and m'y trust, , Jewels to Thea are gaud; toys, And .gold is sordid dust." Oh, if we could but fully realise this ! This is the true unction, for our work.' Thus Bhbuld we come forth, as did the. : flame-crowned Apostles, and mightywonders would be wrought in the name* of Jesus. Oh; Christ { baptise us for Thy work 5 Give an agony of desire, a constraining, love, a fixed! purpose, wisdom, energy, i devotèdness ; —all for Thee. < Be to lis light,. and joy, and love, and might, bur all in all ; for without Thee we can do nothing.. Rev. : W. Law concluded thé service by prayer. During the, evening appropriate!; hymns were eiing tb organ .accompaniment by Misa Button. SECOND DAY—WEDNESDAY, MARCH 14. The Council assembled' at the Princess Square Schoolroom at 10 a: m. The Président i»'ok thé chair, and the sitting' opened with singing, reading à psalm, and prayer by the President. The minutes of previous Général Council were considered as read (at the suggestion, of the Secretary) the same being already in print,' and the'minutes were confirmed. THE PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. .' ' ,' Rev. C. Price moved a. vote of thanks to the President 1 for the admirable address delivered by him last evening. . . Rev. B. S. Bird seconded, -and the resolution was carried unanimously, arid' ac- AHKANGEMENTS FOR PUBLIC -MEETING. , At the suggestion of Rev. W. ,Law, the,, names 'óf the speakers at the Town Hall meeting on Thursday were arranged., REPORT OF THE EXECUTIVE. The Secretary, the Rev. J. W. Simmons, read the report of the Executive Committee as follows— Report of Executive Committee. Extracts from the minute fiook.of tbeExeoutive Committee'during, tlie past year,must, on,; the present'occasion; do duty, ifor the formal , documents usually elaborately prepared and, carefully written, and called A report. At the first meeting: of the Committee, and, during the absence of the late Secretary, a sugi,> .gestion was. made tliat thé members should, unite in Borne simple testimonial to' the Eev. ,, W. C. Robinson, in recognition ' of his many years' work as Secretary to the Union. - The proposal met with a 'hearty and .unanimous response, and. resulted, in the presentation of a, . copy of "The Speaker's Commentary," which • was gracefully acknowledged.' A friend having placed £10 in the hands of , the Treasurer-to he divided between the Congregational Sunday Schools of Hobart Town and Launceston for distribution to scholars showing - the clearest knowledge .of given portions of Scripture, had thé gratification, of know-., ing that in some schools there was ! considerable competition. An usual many could repeat : from memory • passages which, when asked .their meaning, they jdid not i. appear so readily to understand. The conflict, , however, between memory and application is not confined to children, , Referring to church >wt>rk the Rev. D. B. Tinning, may ; be congratulated that' his sane»/ tuary at Richmond jus free frpm, debt ;: and the Rev.,J. W. Sliipphird as having, a new ))uildiiigj, so commodious and attractive and the work at,,. Brighton, as 'idso 'at Richmond, deserves the warmest commendation,' 'sympathy^ ! and practical support of.brethren.far off and near.'" Efforts, were made to introduite a secopd jpin- , ister (one . who had been long connected the body) into the Franklin district, from», feeling that ministère trained by the denomination have, all things else being equal, the first claim upon our consideration. Fifty copies of the Victorian Year Book were ordered on the understanding that space should be given to Tasmanian affairs. They have not, however, met with a ready sale. _ Our own method of publication calls for. revision. Under the deep and pressing conviction of the necessity for giving more attention to the stipends of our pastors in country districtsconscious how frequently, in the very nature of things, the money given to tbe mere earthly erection is money diverted from the essential requirements of the pastor's home—your Committee, on the motion of the Hon.W. jft. Gibliu, seconded by tbe Rev. W. C. Kobinson, resolved to apply to the Colonial Sessionary Society for assistance. The application has been made, and copies of our reports forwarded with it. We are not at present in possession of the Society's reply. Concerning our relation to other Christian bodies, a beginning has been made in the way of promoting unity and co-operation. Fraternal letters have been forwarded to the govern ing bodies of the Presbyterian Churches. A representative from one Presbytery, it is expected, will be present before the close of the session ; of tbe other there has not been a meeting since the letter was forwarded. These fraternal greetings will, it is hoped, among other advantages, do something to bring about a better understanding as to the occupancy of the country districts. Representations having reached the Committee as to the neglected state of Gould's Country, inquiries were made, and it was ascertained that a Wesleyan minister was engaged in the district. Your Committee felt, therefore, that having no question to raise touching Paul, Apollas, or Cephas, that they could rejoice in the name of Christ. The difficulty of a new trust deed, simple in' its structure and working, which should give freedom to our ministers on the one side and Bafety to our churches on the other, has occupied considerable attention. Communications were opened with South Australia with a view of obtaining a copy, and information as to the working, of " The Associations Incorporation Act, 1858." The Kev. F. W. Cox informed your Committee that at the present time he is seeking to bring his church under its provisions. Your Committee submitted the act to the consideration of the bon. W. E. Giblin, who very readily and cordially accepted the duty. In his reply to the Secretary, Mr Giblin states :—" The objects sought to be obtained by the act must commend themselves to every one who has felt the inconvenience of our present trust deeds, and the mode in which simplicity is preserved seems at first sight adequate. The language of some of the sections—especially paragraph 4 of section 3- appeals to me defective, and if I rightly interpret it, would almost nullify the usefulness of the whole measure." Your "Committee were not unmindful of the death of their long tried friend Mr Button, and hastened to express their warm sympathy with his family. Reports from the stations have not been received. _Some of the brethren are present, and will be "able to tell us of their services, and of others we have the satisfaction of feeling that they are seeking to render faithful work to man and to God. We "have showed "you all things, how that so laboring ye ought to support the weak, and to remember the words of the Lord Jesus, how He said, It is more blessed to give than to receive."' Rev. J. Nisbet read a letter he had received from the Rev. G. Clark, England, on the subject of a proposed application by this Union to the Colonial Missionary Society, in which the writer suggested that the application should not be The report of the Executive was adopted, REPORT OF NORTHERN COMMITTEE. Mr H. Button, hon. secretary, read t h e report of the Northern Committee, which was received and adopted aa follows ;— Report of the Northern Branch of the Congregational Union for the year 1877 Committee of the Northern Branch of the Congregational Union have much pleasure in again welcoming the ministers and delegates of the various churches, and in laying before them a brief outline of what has been done during the past year. . And first, they have to report that the project adverted to last session for lightening the labors of the minister on the North Coast, by securing the services of a young man as an assistant, was not carried out. The district is tar too large for one to undertake, and the committee regret to learn that in conseouence of the failure referred to the Eev. Mr Mell has intimated his intention to resign the pastorate of the Coast ohurches at the end of April. The Committee sincerely hope that a successor may 11113 that a spirit of intetli- Chnatian liberality may be awakened, so jnat the good work, commenced more than thirty years ago under many difficulties and lostered amidst much solicitude and some privation, may be prosecuted with increased energy and success. With deep regret the Committee have to record a sad accident that occurred on 3rd February last totwo of the deaconB of the Gawler ^uurch. Whilst endeavoring to rescue some Palings that were imperilled by a bush fire, a iree tell upon them without warning, inflicting such severe injuries that one of them, Mr Mioper died in a few hours ; and the other, Mr aastie, has since been incapacitated from work, though he is gradually recovering. Both were neldin high esteem in the district, and all the neighbors rendered the kindest help in every possible way. Mr Cooper has left a wife and ffïï^lr, , Jdr<m the tender care of Him who w the Father of the fatherless and the helper of 'ne widow. A new chapel is likely soon to be erected at ci ti? 1 01 ' 1 gromd kindly .given by Mr-Quig- ? f Hawthorne, Victoria, and a subsoription "st in aid of the building fund has been commenced. Trustees have been appointed by the «îven Church in conjunction with this Committee anda truBt deed is how in course of Preparation. p J^® dissension at Bose Yale, Which your S?! î. eB were constrained to mention in in* tw repo , rt - has been modified. The buildin . that time bad just been erected at cl0B e Proximity to the Rose Yale church has been removed a short distance. Fortnightly services continè to be held as usnal; these are well-attended, and the Committee hope that re-i turning peace will once more be followed by prosperity.One of the evils,and not the least, attendant on this unfortunate disturbance has been the closing of tbe public school at Eose Vale. This is felt to be a severe loss to the district, and it is hoped that the school will speedily be re-opened in accordance with the earnest wishes of parents and children. Your Committee regret to report that during the past year their circle has been invaded by death. Mr W. S. Button, who for many years had been a member of the Northern branch,and also its Treasurer, died in September last, and the Committee felt that they were only discharging their duty when they placed on record their high appreciation of his Christian character, and of the services he had rendered to the Church of Christ. Mr C. S. Button, son of the deceased gentleman, was elected by the Committee to fill the vacancy. At New Town, the Sandhill, and Prospect Village services and Sunday Schools have been conducted as heretofore. The attention of the Committee has been called to various openings for Christian work on the Bast Coast, but hitherto they have not been able to respond to the appeals so made. They would, however, take this opportunity to point out to all old- established churches the necessity of recognising the fact that on them devolves the duty of conveying the Gospel to those beyond. It seems to be too often forgotten that when those who are well able to support their own minister without external aid—and probably to do a little for others if so disposed—fail in this respect they hinder the spread of the Gospel The unneeded help which jhey receive is so much taken from localities less favored than their own. Freely they have received—freely they must give, and devotedly they must labor. The tin mines at Mount Bischoff on the west ; the gold and tin mines and the slate quarries on the east, are daily coming into greater prominence ; and as population is flocking to those distant localities bent only on accumulating wealth, the listening Christian may hear from all quarters the Mace donian cry—" Come over and help us." The spiritual wants of the people scattered through the bush are becoming increasingly urgent, and demand the most combined and energetic efforts of the Christian Church to overtake them. As the Committee remarked in their last report in connection with this subject, it is not proselytes to a sect, but converts to Christ that should be the invariable aim of missionary work ; remembering that the promise of salvation is not only to us and to our children, but " to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." The Treasurer's statement, read by Mr C. S. Button, showed a cash balance of £31 19s 8d. The report of the Treasurer of the Southern Branch was read by Mr Jas. Salier, who took the opportunity of directing attention to the receipts and expenditure during the last seven years. Those reports were adopted on the motion of Rev. B. S. Bird, seconded by the Rev. Mr Mell, after an explanation as to the truBt deeds and mode of appointing trustees of the Forth, Don, and Mersey Churches, and also on the question of insurance. The following is the Southern balance sheet :— The Treasurer in account with the Congre gation Union and Mission of Tasmania. DB. 1876\. £ s. & March 20—To cash Ulance of 1875... 6 13 11 To town collections ...£36 9 5 To town subscriptions ... 69 19 0 106 8 5 To Memorial Church Sunday schools 23 0 0 1877. March-12—To country collections and subscriptions ... ... 119 17 3 £255 19 7 1876, CR. March 20—By paid travelling secretary 150 0 0 By ditto for horse 30 0 0 By conveyance preachers 19 15 0 By boat hire for ditto ... 5 0 0 By insurance "Berea"... 1 10 0 By printing & advertising 10 18 0 By Mr Shooobridge, special to eight Sunday schools for prizes By minute book, &c.;,and Secretary's expenses ... 1877. March 12—By interest at bank Balance forward 10 0 0 1 13 3 2 9 4 231 5 , 24 14 «255 19 7 JAS. E. SALIER, Treasurer. Audited and found correct. March 8. 1877. Leaving a credit balance of £2414s. JAMES B. WAŁCH G. T. JOHNSON, DIVISION OF THE HUON DISTRICT. Letter read from Mr W. Hawkins, aBking for the assistance of £50 towards the stipehâ. of a proposed second minister for the Huon district to reside at Port Esperance, and stating that Mr Geeves their delegate would give any information required. _ Mr O. Geeves supported the application, and said if the Union could help at all it would be money well spent. Rev. MrBayleygave an idea of the state of things at the Huon, and said for the last three years £1000 had been raised for all purposes. Rev. J. W. Simmons moved a resolution to the effect that the case of the Huon be submitted to the English Colonial Missionary Society, with a view to applying for aid. Mr Taylor seconded. Mr BirchaÛ opposed the motion on several grounds, and urged that there should be no delay in helping the IHuon 6 district. ' Rev. B. S. Bird thought there could be no objection to applying to the English Colonial Missionary Society ; at the same time he thought something should be done tor the Huon without anything which could have the effect of shelving the question. And considering the energy and perseverance displayed by the friends at the Huon, he thought if they could help them they should stretch a point to do so. Rev. C. Price sympathised with the Huon, but thought they should also take into consideration the case of the Gawler, which was entirely the same. Rev W. Law did not quite see his way clear about applying to England. As to f c ï e i J U0 was "' a deserving case, and he should be prepared to support a resolution to help them. After some further discussion, the matter was deferred till a later period of the session. LATROBE. A letter was read from several persons at Latrobe, expressing the wish that a Congregational Church might be established there. Referred to the Northern Committee. CEMETERY REPORT. Mr J. Salier read the finance statement of the Upper Davey-street cemetery as follows :— The Treasurer in account with the Davey-street Cemetery. 1873 Dr. March 20 - To cash balance brought forward May 2—To cash from agent July 20—To cash from agent. ' 18 7 7. March 6—To cash from agent To interest to date Balance .1876 Cr. March 20—By paid for graves „ labor „ repairs & fencing „ printing „ -agent • commission 219 2 cab hire ... 0 10 0 ...3 5 0 Upper S s. d. 24 3 2 10 14 6 7 10 0 15 5 0 0 17 6 58 10 2 32 16 2 25 14 0 £ s. d. 8 10 0 6 18 6 10 4 0 0 9 6 6 14 2 32 16 2 ... JAS. E. SALIER, Treasurer. Audited and fonnd correct, March, 1877. G. T. JOHNSON., JAMES B. WALCH. WORKING OF THE UNION. Rev. B. S. Bird said last year a committee was appointed to consider the constitution of the Union, but the committee had found the subject to be so large that it was deemed necessary to have it introduced in another way. He expressed his surprise when he came to the colony to find that there were two committees and two sets of officers. Looking at the general working of the Union and Mission, he thought it was tune to decide what was best to be done. They were not following the constitution, whether good or bad, and it was desirable to have the Union a union in reality. He suggested that they should determine upon a principle of having one Union, and he moved a resolution, which was afterwards withdrawn. Rev. Mr Mell seconded the resolution. B«v. Mr Price called attention to the rule that in proposed alterations in the constitution two months' notice should be given. The reply to this was that it was brought forward by the wish of the committee appointed at the last session of the Council. Rev. W. Law was of opinion that it was desirable to revise the constitution and rules, so that the annual meeting of the Council should have the fixing of stations and granting of money. Rev. B. S. Bird said he was quite willing to embody that iu the resolution. Rev. C. Price approved of the idea that there should be one Union, and that the rules should be revised, After some further discussion a subcommittee was appointed to thoroughly revise the rules, and report to- morrow morning on the basis of affirming the principle that there should be a real Union. The Council adjourned at one o'clock. AFTERNOON SITTING. The Council resumed at 3 p.m. Rev. W. Law offered prayer. STIPENDS TO COUNTRY MINISTERS. Mr "Withrington brought forward the question of the stipends to country ministers, and gave one or two instances which established the necessity of having a fund to assist country ministers. He was quite willing to subscribe towards such a fund, to be administered not by a committee, but by the Council. Rev. J. W. Simmons suggested a resolution to tho effect that it be an instruction to the committee to take instant action with a view to the rendering immediate assistance to sustain the country ministers under the difficulties ' in which they are placed. Rev. Mr Mell would support a motion of that kind, and he gave an explanation with regard to the Gawler, North-West Coast, âs à field for church operations. He was of opinion that the subject intro- duced by Mr Withrington was deserving of consideration. B. S. Bird, Rev. J. W. Simmons, and other members spoke of a proposal to form a sustentation fund in connection with the Union. Rev. W. Law did not think a sustentation fund would meet the diuicnlty. He moved—" That this Council strongly recommend the churches and friends of the Union to make strenuous efforts to increase their contribution towards the Union and Mission specially with a view to increase the stipends of inadequately-paid country ministers, and to sustain additional ministers in districts where the present pastors are overworked." Mr Withrington seconded. Mr JSaylor suggested that the resolution be sent on a slip to each member of the various churches, with a request to be informed what donation they would be willing to make towards the object. The resolution was agreed to, and the Secretary took a note of Mr Naj lor's suggestion. MISSION REPORTS. On the motion of Mr Taylor, seconded by Rev. Mr Shipphird, it was resolved that the Rev. Mr Dear be requested to furnish a report of mission work and statistics, that it may be incorporated with the proceedings of the O aur. cil. PRINTING. ; I Rev. J. W. Simmons brought forward the question of printing the report of proceedings of the Council, and suggested that measures be taken to print a Tasmanian Year Book, after the pattern of the Victorian Year Book. It was agreed that 600 copies of the Examiner's report of proceedings of the session be printed. The question of a Year Book was discussed, but it eventually lapsed. CHOKCH BUILDING SOCIETY. Rev. W. Law moved a resolution for the formation of a society under the above designation, to assist church building by loans or free grants. It embodied certain rules, and Mr Law Baid he had taken advantage of rules of several similar societies in England and Victoria. The draft constitution was as follows : That a society be formed to be called the Tasmanian Congregational Church Building Society, the members to consist of the ministers and delegates forming the Congregational Union for the time being. The object of the Society shall be to aid in the building of Congregational churches in the colony of Tasmania • by loans at a small rate of interest not exceeding four per cent, per annum, or free grants of money as may be moEt desirable, and in special cases by both grants and loans. The funds of the Society Bhall be raised by collections, subscriptions, legacies, and in other ways. All applications for loans or grants shall be submitted to the Union, and all loans or giants shall be voted and determined at an annual meeting of the Union. The Society shall not pay any grants or loans until the land on which, the church is built has been properly putin trust according to Congregational usages, and the building roofed in. The amount and period of annual repayment of the sum loaned to be fixed acoording to the circumstances of each case, and may be varied from time to time ; the deeds of all aided churches to be placed in such custody as the Union may direct ; all plans and estimates for the aided churches to become the property of the Union for future guidance ; and all churches receiving aid shall be. expected to make an annual collection on behalf the Society. The Union shall not make any free grants until the Loan Fund shall have reached the sum of £500, unless the donor shall direct the sum given to he applied to any special case. In no case shall a free grant be made which would reduce tb6 Loan Fund below £500. The officers of the Society shall consist of a secretary, who shall conduc tthe correspondence and keep the records ; and a treasurer, who shall take charge of .all moneys belonging to' the Society, and shall present aa auditęd statement of accounts year by year to the Union. Tbe secretary and treasurer to be appointed at each annual meeting of tbe Union. The'Union may make such by-laws as may appear necessary, and also make such alterations • in the.above rules as experience may show to be desirable, Mr H. Button seconded for the sake of discussion, but suggested certain alterations. Rev. C. Price supported the proposal. Rev. J. W. Simmons objected to go infor bricks and mortar when money was required for the aid of their ministers. Rev. B. S. Bird should rather support than say a word against it, although he wasformerly somewhat averse. The motion for the formation of the Society was agreed to, and the draft rules were considered seriatim, revised, and also adopted. The Hon. W. R. Giblin was elected Treasurer, and Mr A. W. Birchall Secre- of the Society; The Council was adjourned till the next morning at 10 o'clock, after the Benediction by the President. OFFICIAL SERMON. The Rev. J. Nisbet preached the official sermon in the eveningat Tamar-street Church, the Revs. Messrs Price and. Simmons taking part in the preliminary, service. The preacher selected for his text Psalm lxvii., 1 and 2. The ordinance of the Lord's Supper was administered afterwards, conducted by the Rev. W. C. Robinson, the President». The Rev.' M. W. Bradney offered prayer;. There was an excellent attendance. (For continuation see joaye 203)- CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND MISSION OF TASMANIA (Continued from, page 189.) THIBD DAY—THURSDAY, MARCH 15, The Council met at Prince's Square schoolroom at 10 a.m. Present—R^v, W. C. Robinson (President), Revs. J Nisbet, Shipphird, C. Price, M.W. Bradney, J. M. Bay'ey, T. E. O. Mell, J. ty Simmons ; Messrs Jas. E. Salłer, Room, —Vautin, E. Dickins, J. Luma. den, J. Lane, A. J. Witherington, C. S. Button, J. Taylor, H. Button, A. W. Birchall, O. Geeves. Proceedings commenced with devotional exercises. Minutes of last sitting were amended and passed. Before proceeding with business on the paper Rev. J. W. Simmons proposed a vote of thanks to Rev. J. Nisbet for bis very excellent sermon on the previous evening. The motion was passed unanimously and suitably acknowledged. MINISTERS' PROVIDENT FUND. Mr Salier submitted the treasurer's account, as follows :— The Treasurer in Account with the Congrcgitional Ministers' Provident Fund. Dr. £ s. 4 1876. March 20—-To cash balance brought forward ... 21 12 l „ subscriptions ... 9 0 0 „ collections ... 20 5 jj ,, interest on debentures 80 0 0 „ debenture due July 15, 1876... 100 0 0 Off purchase... 230 17 7 202 15 G Balance to credit... 28 2 7 Cr. £ s. i 1876. June 30—By purchase of debenture... 100 0 0 „ premium 1 0 0 1877. Jan. 10.—By purchase of debentuie... 100 0 0 „ 3 months' interest ... 1 5 0 „ premium 0 10 0 202 15 JAS. E. SALIER, Treasurer, Audited and found correct, March 8, 1877. JAS. B. "WALCU. G. T. JOHNSON. Capital at this date— £ 6. d. Ten 6 per cent, debentures ... 1000 0 0 Five 5 per cent, debentures... 500 0 0 1500 Mr Salier suggested that" it would prudent to alter the reserve fundfrc two to five thousand pounds, and he at the same time called attention to the fact that he alone knew anything about the debentures : they were deposited at one of the banks, but the Council had only his word for it. This was not right, ai ' he wished that some arrangement mig! be made for satisfying the Council beyoi his own statement that the debentures were safe. Rev. W. Law said the Council was indebted to Mr Salier for his careful management of the fund, and in compliance with his request moved that Messrs J. W. Woolley and P. O. Fysh be appointai to examine the debentures and report to the Council. Rev. C. Price seconc" and the motion passed. It was thought better to allow the part of Mr Salier's suggestion to st over for the present. WIDOWS AND ORPHANS FUND. The President verbally reported tW there was no alteration in this fundBIB last session. CONSTITUTION OF UNION. Rev. W. Law brought up the report of the Select Committee, which was considered paragraph by paragraph. A son* 1 what lengthened discussion ensued on! clause providing for the expulsion un» certain circumstances of churches » members. This was ultimately expun? e11 as it was thought the Council of Advi«i provided for last session, would probafij meet the cases contemplated, and i' * resolved to print the scheme o' . Council of Advice with the new « nsI . tution of the Union. After a few w»® ments the report of the Committee adopted, and on the motion of . Law, seconded by Rev. J. W. Shipp 11 " the constitution was referred to a 5 committee consisting of the Presi Secretary, and Rev. B. S. Bird, ^ range for printing—proofs to be sen to the District Committee. TRUST DEEDS. . Rev. J. W. Simmons said thataft« r (l opinion expressed by Mr Giblin as t South Australian Act, he would not' ceed with the niótion standing » name ; but he would instead ask be an instruction to the Executive mittee to obtain an official record the trust deeds in connection Congregational body througlioi» colony. It was suggested ^ cate record should be furnished ^ District Committee on the northern Thé motion was amended to secur object, and passed. . REPEAL OF OLD CONSTITUTION^ On the motion of Rev. W- L . aW '0f resolved that the old constitution hion be repealed, and that the. new one me into force at once, and that hencebrth the Union be worked under it. [It being now one o clock, the Oouncu Rjoumed until 2*30. AFTEENOON SITTING. |Tho Council met at 2*30, and was }ened in the usual way. HTJON CHURCHES. .jn the motion of Rev. J. W. Sim- Ls, seconded by Rev. W. Law, it was olred tliat it be an instruction to the ècutive Committee, to take immediate Son in reference to the application m the Huon churches, and so far as Bible to render the assistance required pcli assistance not to exceed the sum Vbeeves, on behalf of the district, ked the Council for the vote. TABLE CAPE. !Y. C. Price presented an application certain residents at Table Cape, re- ;ing to be recognised as a church with ohn Ridge as pastor, and to be ad- ;d into the Union. After a brief 'ssion Mr Price moved, and Mr Simseconded, that the application be d to the Northern Committee, led. COLONIAL MISSIONARY SOCIETY. Secretary enquired if that was the ir time to raise the question of apto the Colonial Missionary Society After discussion Rev. T. E. 0. moved (to test the feeling of the iii), and Rev. W. Law seconded, \e application be withdrawn. B. S. Bird moved as an amend- 'Tliat in event of theapplication to ilonial Missionary Society for aid missionaiy work being favorably (ded. to, this Council authorises the ;ive Committee to continue the cornice with the view to the reception issistance from England." J. W. Simmons seconded the ent which was passed. PUBLIC QUESTIONS. J. Nisbet called the attention of ncil to two or three matters of interest, viz., the necessity for ictter means than. at present for supplying information as to ements of other religious bodies, idiscussion that ensued Rev. W. ike of the importance of ministers >articular attention to any young in their churches manifesting ability, and encouraging them to «coming teachers in our public -A motion was not submitted. . isbet also proposed that fraternal 1 e presented by this Union to the atives.ofthe various Protestant bodies of Tasmania when in ®eseir annual assemblies. Carried. •LECTION OF PRESIDENT. . Nisbet thought it might avoid cause of irritation if some were observed at the annual i president : if, for instance, the were taken alphabetically or to seniority of service—the the ministers being taken in then beginning again. Aa the did not find favor no action | BUSH MISSIONS. Ibjecfc was introduced by Rev. ylio referred to the large numpons who were congregating at fcchoff and at the tin mines on poast; and lie moved that a consisting of the President !- M. Bayley be requested to jitter districts , as soon as pos- B- S. Bird seconded. Car- Price moved and Rev. B. S. red, that as Rev. W. Law is fie Coast next week (for the Py) he be requested to go on to Èhoff. Carried. N'EST COAST CHURCHES, r Mell hoped the Council FParate without doing f or these had been done for the therefore moved—"That it |«wn from this Council to the f ommittee that in view of the the T, w °rk in connection furches on the North-West Lv^' e tbereto if v possible in feeding f 50 for the next I CHEISTUN ASSOCIATIONS. Rot referred to the desirable- |>ô 'e? Rations, and lea-T " G " Price moved, l^ngregaiional churches, to les m ;wstera.of other I » do what they can for sl 0U ? g J Men ' s Christian soon f elb °urne,wouia : ^é ' would 1 be the matter up.— ^^PEEANCE. b e C t f t an instruct ft . L^onimittee to contried Mr • Birchall PERSONAL MEMBERS. It was moved and seconded that Messrs F. L. Fysh, A. N. Spong, E. West, and A. W. Birchall be elected as personal members of the Union in accordance with the rules. OFFICERS FOR THE YEAR. Rev. J. Nisbet proposed that Messrs. Birchall and Geeves be scrutineers Seconded by Rev. B. S. Bird, and carried. A ballot was then taken, resulting in the election of Rev. B. S. Bird as President, Rev. J. W. Simmons Secretary, and Mr J. E. Salier Treasurer, each of whom acknowledged the distinction. The following gentlemen were elected to form the Executive Committee, in addition to the ministers, who are members ex officio : —Messrs. W. R. Giblin, W. A. Weymouth, A. J. Taylor, A. M. C. Hodgman, R. D. Russell, A.H. Finlayson, L. Lodge, G.T. Johnson, J. Lumsden, J. Withrington, H. Vautin, — Murrell. Auditors- Messrs. J. H. B. Walch and G. T. Johnson. TRAVELLING AGENT. Resolved that the Rev. R. E. Dear be appointed travelling agent—salary as heretofore. NEXT YEAR'S PREACHER. Resolved that the Rev. W. Law be requested to preach the sermon to theUnion next year. NEXT SESSION. Resolved that the next meeting of the Council be held in Hobart Town in March, 1878. MAIN LINE RAILWAY. Resolved that the thanks of this Council be conveyed to Mr Grant for his kindness m issuing to the delegates return tickets at single fares, available for ten days. SOUTHERN VISITORS. Mr Salier moved that the cordial thanks of the Southern delegates be presented to their Northern friends for the great kindness they had shown to them. Seconded by Mr Withrington, and supported by Rev. B. S. Bird, who said the visitors were only sorry they could not stop longer (laughter). Carried. LAST YEAR'S OFFICERS, Resolved that the thanks of this Council be presented to the late President, secretary, and Treasurer, for their services during the past year. CLOSE OF SESSION. This being all the business, about 5 p.m. the President declared the session closed, and pronounced the benediction. PUBLIC MEETING. In tie evening a meeting, took place at the Town Hall, the chair being occupied by the Rev. W. C, Robinson, President of the Union.' Various addresses were delivered, and hymns sung led by a choir, with organ accompaniment. 