NEW ffrutoftM MSM. trUULlSHL-n DAILY.] Friday, April 6, 1871. Our M credit is due to the Government for the prompt and decided measures which they) have lately) taken for the purpose of keeping smallpox. out of the colon) The proclamation of the colony of Hongkong and of the lilliput of Chum as infected countries was full) w a united by the breaking out of Mimllpov. its bond of social) different vessels sailing from then ports, and if one result of the pro clauiation shall be to them a little skill culty in the way of the importers of Chinese coolies, the Ethiopean inhabitants of this colony will not be displeased on that account Having taken the action which they have we have every right to hope and trust that they will enforce the proclamation which has given such general satisfaction by bold and determined measures We are led by our sale giapliK iepoitstobiho\otliat at the present time the Government of the colony) is open) defied by the master of a steamer 1) night ( 'ooktow n, with a case of small pox on board, who refuses to take his vessel to the appointed quill entire ground and 1111011.1114 to 1 md Ins cargo of Chinese infected with smallpox on some unguarded p i t of the i east new Cooktown '1 The excuse given is that the strain is too weak) to proceed to Fitzroy Island, which has been appointed the (quarantine station for the port of Cooktown is, however, the vessel has been for some days lying A COMMISSION was appointed by the late President of the United States to examine the various surveys and report upon the most feasible route for an inter oceanic ship canal across the Isthmus of Darien. It is considered ten years should be the limit of time, and £20,000,000 the expenditure, to perfect this great scheme of transit between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans. There are no engineering difficulties so formidable as those successfully encountered by a private corporation in the Suez Canal, or as great as those to be hazarded in the construction of a tunnel beneath the Straits of Dover. The route favored by experts, and notably by the President, is that known as the Nicaraguan, passing through the lake of that name at an elevation of 157 feet above the tide of the Atlantic, and requiring sixty-one miles only of artificial excavation to create a channel practicable for the navies of the world. There are features about this enterprise novel and imposing. The scheme is large, the capital is large ; but larger far than these are the considerations involved in the fact that it is the first instance in which all nations are invited to aid the world's work. The Suez Canal is to some extent an international work, virtually under the control of England and the Khedive. The Nicaraguan Canal takes a long step in advance. Its cost is to be subscribed by the nations interested, so that it may become the property of mankind on completion. It is very evident that the marine of every country would profit by the execution of the undertaking, and it should not be difficult to fix a pm rate contribution for each. The chief peril will arise when the money is collected. It would never do to have a great geographical improvement tainted with robbery, or to hand over to private parties vast sums to create property public only in name. Great Britain and America, upon whom the onus of expenditure would naturally fall, inserted a provision in the Clayton-Bulwer treaty of 1856, guaranteeing the neutrality of this work, and providing that friendly powers should be invited to participate in its construction, as the commerce of the entire world is interested in it. The /ati";áiichói)in the open; roadstead at,|Coóí£ town, several gailes "states the shore, it is, evident that she could equally 'well barge' floated down to the quarantine ground, particularly as the Government, we understand, offered to send another steamer to. keep her company,. or if, necessary to'tow'heY down. " The captain of the vessel has, we must recollect; no interest whatever in keeping this colony free from infection. On the contrary, his interest is to get rid of his infected cargo as soon as possible and the news we have received leads us to believe that he is determined to resort to any pretence if by doing so he can hope to evade our quarantine laws. If his pathetic representations of the unseaworthiness of his ship fail in obtaining for him the desired permission to land his passengers at Cooktown, other excuses will be invented. In a few days we shall not improbably be told that the ship's water is exhausted, and that, if the Chinese are not to perish of thirst, they must be landed at once. We trust that the Government have foreseen this, and that they will be prepared with a sufficient force, and with a firm determination, to carry the law into effect inexorably. If the captain of a vessel engaged in the Chinese coolie trade is allowed to come into our ports and to defy the laws of the colony, it will be time to abolish a Government which is impotent to protect itself from such outrage. The question which is raised by the behavior of the commander of the Thames is even of greater importance to us than the sanitary question. If he can defy our laws in one respect, why not in another 1 and what vestige of authority in our own waters would be left to us The Quarantine Act is extremely plain and intelligible in its wording, and by no means lenient in its penalties. We trust that they will be most rigorously enforced in this case. Under the second clause of the Act the Governor-in-Council has power to proclaim infected countries, and to appoint stations for the performance of quarantine. Under the 17th clause, if any person in charge of a vessel liable to perform quarantine shall permit any person to quit such vessel, or if he " shall not within a convenient time, after due notice given for that purpose, cause such vessel and the lading thereof to be conveyed into the place or places appointed for such vessel and lading to perform quarantine, then and in every such case every such commander, master, or other person as aforesaid, for every such offence shall forfeit and pay any sum not less than two hundred and not exceeding four hundred pounds, or, in default of payment, be imprisoned for any period not less than one year and not exceeding two years" and if any person shall attempt to quit the vessel before her release from quarantine, "it shall be lawful for any person whatsoever by any kind of necessary force to compel such person so quitting such vessel to return on board the same," and each person attempting to quit the vessel is liable to a penalty of not less than one hundred and fifty nor more than three hundred pounds, or in default of payment imprisonment for not less than six, nor more than twelve, months." In all cases under this Act half the penalty going to the layer of the information and the remainder to her Majesty. The law, it will be seen, is strict enough and puts almost unlimited power into the hands of the Government to compel the proper observance of quarantine. If the captain of the Thames ventures in any respect to violate its provisions we hope that the Government will follow up the case, and visit the offence with the utmost rigor of the law. If it is fully understood that this will be done, the necessity for taking action will probably be avoided, but at all events, if it is necessary to make one example it should be done so effectually that it may act as a warning for the future, and prevent the recurrence of similar difficulties every time that an infected Chinese vessel drops anchor in our waters. United States are now in correspondence wife .various-powers'preparatory to the negotiation of treaties similar to the above, and it is believed the work may be commenced within two years, and that within twelve the dreaded passage round Cape Horn will be a matter of choice rather than necessity. The future of this country stands largely affected by any movement' tending to alter our physical relations with the great centres of trade, commerce, and intellect ; but even if its concern with such a project were unattended by immediate benefit, it should be our duty to co-operate warmly in any movement tending to facilitate international communication, and aid mankind in a conflict with remediable natural barriers to progress. President Grant's double tenure of office has been distinguished by many memorable incidents ; but when the great civil war, and the constitutional muddle attending the election of his successor are half-forgotten records, history will delight to preserve his name in connection with an industrial revolution that will shape future ages. WE learn with much satisfaction that the official landing of Sir Arthur Kennedy is intended to take place at noon on Tuesday next, and not at three p.m. on that day, as previously intimated. It may, therefore, be assumed that unless some reason should arise for subjecting the steamer Kate to a further period of quarantine, the new Governor will have his public reception, and be duly sworn in, on the day named. WE understand that arrangements have been made by the Minister for Works for pushing on the railway extensions in progress with increased activity. The contract time for completing the extension of the Western line to Charlie's Creek is May next year, but Messrs. Overend have undertaken, in consideration of a small bonus, to have the line to that point ready for traffic by the 28th November next. The colony will gain materially by this bargain, as the traffic, including the wool of the coming season, on the additional line for the six months saved on the contract will increase the receipts from the railway by six times the amount of the bonus, without including passenger fares in the estimate. It is also stated that Mr. Ballard will be able to complete the northern extension to Lurline some months earlier than the time allowed for the work and what is perhaps of still greater consequence, he says the whole of the extension from Westwood to Lurline will be constructed within his original estimate. Should he succeed in doing this, it will be a new thing in colonial railway making, and will fairly entitle the innovator to a substantial recognition of his Ber. vices by Parliament. It will be remembered that shortly after this extension was undertaken, the price of railway iron and other material advanced by twenty per cent., and labor for a time was inconveniently scarce.. This latter difficulty occasioned a reduction in the number of men employed. The prices of labor and material have since, however fallen to the rates ruling at the time when the extension was begun, and it will be extremely satisfactory if the temporary drawbacks Mr. Ballard has met with in his important undertaking should prove to have occasioned no excess on the original estimate of the cost of the work. The climate in the summer months is very unfavorable to railway construction, and, in Mr. Ballard's estimation, every shilling's worth of work in summer on the Northern line costs the Government eighteenpence. He now complains that, owing principally to the warm and wet weather, there is a great scarcity of skilled labor especially ; but, as the cool season is at hand, this drawback will disappear, and the line will progress with comparative rapidity. Our Roma friends have recently been scared by a report that the Government seriously contemplated stopping the Western Extension at Dulacca. Far from this being the case, we believe the Minister for Works is determined to use every legitimate effort to carry the line to Roma six months in advance of the time hitherto anticipated. Mr. There certainly has the will, and we think he will discover a way. A MEETING was held yesterday at the offices of Messrs. Quinlan and Co., for the purpose of forming a company to endeavor to (rout the wrecked mail steamer Singapore, now lying partly submerged off L Island, near Port Mackay. The meeting of yesterday resulted in the formation of a company with a capital of £5000, in twenty shares of 250 each. We understand that the steamer Norseman, in charge of Captain Colin, will immediately proceed to the wreck, and will convey thither a competent staff of divers and workmen, and needful appliances to begin operations. Apart from the cargo, boats, spars, c, it is estimated that the value of the hull and machinery safely floated is £40,000, so that the shareholders will make a goodly profit should they have the good fortune to be successful in their enterprise. A GENERAL meeting of the members of the Mercantile Rowing Club is announced to be held this (Friday) evening, at the Royal Hotel, at eight o'clock. WE are sorry to hear that low fever, fever and ague, and other forms of sickness, are very prevalent on the Western Railway Extension in the neighborhood of Drill a and Charlie Creeks so much so that the Government are seriously considering the expediency of establishing a hospital for the men employed on the line. A similar complaint reaches us from the Northern Extension, from Dingo towards Lurline, and the sickness in both places is doubtless principally attributable to the malaria which rises from newly opened and, also from dense scrubs and marshy lands during and after the warm summer rains. Fevers are usually prevalent among men employed in railway cuttings, especially in suiiinu-r time, and the sickness now existing need not cause surprise ; but every effort should nevertheless be made to mitigate the evil. IT is notified for general information that appeals against the assessment of property for the year 1877, in the South, Valley, and Kangaroo Point Wards, will be heard at the Police Office, Elizabeth-street, on Wednesday, April 11, at eleven a.m. BY advertisement in another column it will be seen that a subscription ball will be held in the Hamilton Pavilion on the evening of Tuesday, April 10. We: observe that the Brisbane Rowing Club have ÏHHiied a programme, which will be found in our advertising columns, for the regatta, to be held on the 10th May, It appears that Mr. E. MacDonnell has presented to the club several gold medals to be offered as prizes on the occasion, and we should like to see this excellent example extensively followed, so as to excite competition in the various races, and make some good sport for the entertainment of the public. ALEOTUBZon "Travelling and the means of travelling was given at, the Temperance Hall yesterday evening, under the auspices of the Brisbane Total Abstinence Society. The attendance was fair. The lecturer was listened to with great attention throughout, and at its close a" hearty vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Mapltay by acclamation. The lecturer naturally commenced with some account, of the magnificent steamers employed by the Pacific Mail Steamship Company, in which was included some interesting descriptions of scenes on the voyage from Sydney to San Francisco. He also spoke very highly of the accommodation afforded to passengers travelling by this route, as well as of the discipline maintained on board, especially , as evinced in the fire drill, which was performed with such frequency that on more than one occasion when fire really existed in the bunkers they were flooded, and the fire put out without the passengers being aware of the danger in which the ship had temporarily been placed. While referring to his sojourn at the Sandwich Islands, the lecturer spoke of the great comfort of the Mexican stirrups, but was not by any means enamored of their saddles otherwise. Subsequently he gave an account of some of the most striking features of the Palace Hotel at San Francisco, giving some interesting particulars concerning a reception given by the Governor of California at that magnificent establishment. After a short description of the Santa Cruz railway, built on the low-cost principle, for the purpose of conveying timber from the ranges to the town, he related some of his experience of the journey across the continent, as well as of the trip to New Orleans in the Mississippi river boats. He also spoke of various railways he had visited, dwelling on the absence of any necessity for fencing them in, or of any objection to their running through the busiest streets of large towns. In some instances, he said, where it was that horses would be frightened by the appearance of steam engines on street tramways, they had been boxed in so as to resemble ordinary cars. In his journeyings he had often thought that, if Queenslanders could only be got to adopt many of the inventions that people in older countries had been driven into, they would soon place this colony in that prominent position which her natural advantages qualified her to take. At the conclusion of the lecture a vote of thanks to Mr. Mackay was moved by Mr. W. Coote, seconded by Mr. Spence, senior, and carried by acclama- tion. Mr. Mackay, in reply, said that, although he had never seen any country of which he thought so much as of Queensland, yet, when he saw in other countries. things which would prove of great benefit to this, he felt bound to recommend them. He did not intend that the results of his journey to Philadelphia should close with his report to the Government. His object was to benefit the people of Queensland. IT will be of interest to our German readers to learn that an attempt is about to be made to start in Brisbane a new weekly paper, to be printed in their own language, and devoted especially to their interests. The prospectus of the proposed German periodical, which we have just received, cites as reasons warranting the undertaking, the large number of Germans (some twenty thousand now included in the population of the colony; the fact that they are dependent for colonial literature, printed in their native tongue, upon a South Australian journal, which contains no Queensland news and the circumstance that, in spite of this drawback, the publication referred to has a circulation in this colony of about two thousand. Fluttering promises of support are stated to have been received from all quarters, warranting the expectation of a large circulation from the outset. There is no doubt that our German population is sufficiently large to support a newspaper of their own, and we wish the intended publication, which is to be called the Nord Australische Zeitung, all the success which it should meet with. A WKi.i. contested cricket match between the first eleven of the Albert and the first eleven of the Aubigny county Cricket Clubs took place at Toowoomba, on Easter Monday. The Alberts were captained by Sheehan, and the county team by Henderson. Play was commenced in the presence of a large number of spectators, about ten o'clock a.m., and lasted till nearly six o'clock, when the County Eleven were declared the victors, having beaten their opponents in their first innings by 8. The county team were first at the wickets, and succeeded in putting together 72, while their opponents only reached 64 in their first innings. The Aubiguies then went in again and made 109 ; but as the time arranged for drawing the wickets had all but arrived, the Alberts were not able to try their luck in a second innings, and the match was decided upon the first. FOR providing variety of entertainment, the company now performing at the Queensland Theatre will compare favorably with any stock company that has yet appeared amongst us. Plays, each having distinctive features and requiring a considerable range of talent in the artists engaged in them, have during the few months the company have been in Brisbane followed each other in quick succession. They have been, on the whole, well acted, and (con- sidering the defects in the stage) remarkably well mounted. Last evening, with the view of giving playgoers a further change, the " legitimate drama, in the shape of " Hamlet," was placed on the boards. Mr. Collier, of course, was the Prince, and Miss Tilly Andrews Ophelia. A good deal of curiosity had been excited as to the manner in which Mr. Collier would acquit himself in a line in which, before Brisbane audiences, he was entirely now. The result proved that, besides being an actor of great versatility as far as the modern drama is concerned, he is also a very fair exponent of Shakspearian character at any rate, as far as his representation of Hamlet will permit of a judgment being formed. His acting of the part was by no means faultless, his utterances being at times too incoherent and uneven, and his emphasis somewhat defective ; but in other respects his assumption of the character was good. He threw a great deal of power and feeling into the passages requiring them, and evidently enlisted the sympathy of his audience, who expressed their approval by several recalls. Miss Andrews gave a very good representation of Ophelia, and in her principal scene, in the fourth act, after the death of her father has turned her reason, appeared to great advantage. One of the most pleasing features of the performance was the excellent manner in which Mr. M'Gowan made up for and played the part of old malaria, for which he is deserving of great praise. The principal actors were fairly supported-Mr. Russell appearing as both the King and the Ghost ; Mr. Melville us Laertes and the Pint Actor Mr TMllon na Horatio and Miss Bushe as the Queen. This evening the " Shiiughrau " will be revived for one night only, after which the company are to appear in burlesque. 