1 I . AND or intgan A, oitruTal,. 'r WEiDNESDAY, JAN1 ARY 17,-1877. As usual, on the ;ve Of a gieneraleleC tion, the; respective political parties, re presenting' extremes on either side,, are brandishing their wieapons; shrieking out their' war cries and haive. prepared' cut and-dried -programmes. to. representtlie stanidard of their faith, from which there is to lie no departdre on the part of ltheir followers, on paiii of being branded as renegadesr and[ traitors :iIt is plain; how ever, to all but the most. violent of par= tizans, that the .object of such ma= nmuvres ie rather to favor the designs of exisating parties than to' advance the cause,,of, any. great principles,,and. the electors will do well to- regard with `con= sideraible supicionh any isuchatteinipts to dictate the issues- upon which their votes are- to bea :given. We .are, off: course, aware:that 'in, order, to accomplish any great object, or achieve say important reform; :xorgaisaton is :'neces'ary, ,,a`nd tht at'certain'allegiance. is due to leaders i azgrea movement which ny neces= sitate. the 'subordination' of individual opinion on minor matters, but the ques! tion aries, ?' Are there, ati this:,moment; anyjpolitical parties; in existence repreit senting any great ,,principles andcon trolled by leades' in whom the country cani fairly be asked to .putitis entire con= fidence,,and.to whom its destinies can be .unreservedly, entrusted " Every; one, who has "made .himself familiar.with the proceedings of Parliament during thie last two sessions:twill unhesitatingly answer both branches of the above question in the negative: 1 ln Ipoiat -of fact tthere are inoiparties intiexistence in Victoria, in the proper sense"fi the !word-;'ithe::disorgani sation which so notoiriously existed in the'Legislitive Assenbly, i'on bthiaides of the .Housle, hlas been, and.,still is,,to ,' someextent; reflected in the country, only the latteripossesssi- within :itself a recu' perativerand.iself-righting power; which was conspicuously abseiit fromi the Legis`. lative bodyfreferred to. If?left to its own instincts "the common sense of most;" of the electors as expreissed ihrjuii'hCthe medium of.the ballot box, will inevitably result in the for"ation of a well-defined :nationab party, ,with? lib'ral iiprioniples,: progressive ideas;' and a ; practical policy. It is asabsutrd as .it. is presumptuous on the part of self-constituted cliques itolay dobwni;dutiibef of h°rd and fast llines as the onil true" and correct ciard, and any such absolutism should and, ough ito be resented utiless"the"people are prepared to surrender:their politicali;independence at the'iibiddingfi of those' self- elected leaders of ;public opinion;:;, Iand":bindd themselves to . the.::chariot . v;wheels of every group' of politicial"privateers^ that that can mustera dozen adhherentsllire a public house parlor ito meea, in, and ;call itself a league: :. How ridulous, too, that the squabbles of thi:oldAdisembly should be imported into the electionis for the new. Why. should the supporters of a land tax oni its merits be asked to endorse the fol lies of the "stonewall" party, when even' MrHiginbothamfound himself constrained to resign his seat rather than to commit himself to an approval of that peculiar policy. And yet we are told that this question is to be revived in the next Par liament. As well might the disputes in cidental to the Darling grant, and the constitutional questions which that epoch in our political history gave rise to, be resuscitated. For our part we emphari cally protest against raising the ghosts of these.departed questions to complicate the living and burning issues of the present. Thse .will be found of quite sufficient scope and importance' io .occupy the at tention of the country without having its attention distracted•" by: a legacyijof old squabbles between the insland.the outsof. ia dfunct Parliament. Let the dead past bury it's dead, for what we are called upon to do is to act " act as in the living pre sent," So far as can be judged, indeed the country is anything but enamoured of eithEdi6fiitiiFitendihng parties in the old' Assembly, and in no mood to adopt. their quarrels. The prevalent feeling is iather one of disgust, weariness and contempt, respecting the conduct of each side, and 'the iilic seemi'inclined) to exclaim ":a lagu'e on:bdthlyoti housies' . It jis:very, evident the country genierally experiences a feeling-of.relief.atbeing.well rid of the scheming and obstructivenessidisplayedbjy the political coteries of, the last tvoLses sions, and is hopefully anticipating that he- iiiýTwiParliamentvill bring to-the front 1 a new paity, imbued, with patriotic aspi rations, and actualed moreby a desire to promote,.the, general ,welfare than the personal advancemnit of'its members.' It isconfidently h'o6pe? a' t'ith xt Assembly will contain a large admixture of new blood, which will'go faritowards purifying Parliament, and0keepin'ghe self-seeking and disorderly" elmeinet' in check, if it is not entirely excluded. It cannot, however, be'dxpecied,-n6 r is it iat all desirable that the coming/men shouldeconsent to carry on the f6uds a a nimosities of tlheir pre decessors, orrevei"i?'their defeats. They ought? to be,.notnonly men of m unstained character, but; 'earnest'-.!and tfenergetic workers; of business habits and inde ieaden idieas' - not the mere' puppetspf a Spaarty.~~,bin odar'ate 7 men,'able to- lool'at Ssesf' question iand 'apable of taking broad.and compreheilnsive, viedwsf pubic affairs, aid possessed of an intimate knowledge of piast legislation. If these requisites are-looked to and acted upon inihe ,:choice :of, representatives we may hope for a vastly_ improved Assembly on the last. Of course, it will be necessary for the electors to pronounce their judg ment'iuonp th' cardinal questions of the hour,.but,, havig done this, personal: qua lifications would 'decide :the rest; for,if the voters allow their minds to be dis tracted by'tltd'cnsideratio"no'fdetails or a vast number of coiifparativelyinsignificant questionsi' the chaces' areTthat another diiforeaiised Parliament'will'be the result -.eq'ally as ica'pable ah'lincoinipit'e to agree upon any.matter.of,real moment to Ithe.countrytas its. predecessor. :. - 