Letteirs to the IMita% THE PARRAMATTA LUNATIC ASYLUM. (To the Editor of the Freeman's Journal.) bin. — 1 iiavo road with great mteroat the aerien of articles by ' A Pilgrim,' which havo lately ap peared in your columno, and I have alao road with considerable amusement tho papers now appearing in tho Cumberland Mercury, ono of our local paporo. A lettor from Dr. Charloo Taylor, signed 'Q.M in that journal also afforded me food for merriment, for in that epiatlo the utylo of tho distinguished author of An Angel in Disguise was apparent in every lino. Ifc io oatisfactory to know, however, that Sir John Kobortcion'a Administration exercise sufficient lenimcy ia dealing ivith Govoinmcnt officers to :\l ov/ them to flaurjt thoir ignorance ia country jaurnnlo. Aq ' Pilgrim ' pointed cut, the ovidenco of tho inau Kenealy (who, by tho W'-y, had been in »aol prtviouo to hh appoint ment at tho Asyluca, aa tho recorda will ehoAv) vaa completely net ao'da by tho testimony of Mr. Ethtlred Bennett, and had not ivlr. Taylor, M.P., sud ien!y and unespectodly brought the proceedings of the Committee to a close, Mr. Firth would have reonlled aomcvc-f the witnesses mentioned by the Mercury, ond 1 r'U^hfc forward ouch evidtncj an v/uatd huve oauaed those peraona to bo recommended for dismisoii. The enlightened j urnal I have mentioned, in a p:ua^n-.ph tint hat; been parodiel by Punch, stat; 0, ' Such is nosv iho morale of the eaiabhsbincnb that no prcfligr.te man or woman netd npp'y there for employment' ' Now' mennn, I proeume, oincu Dr. Taylor was app^iuted Lst us sec n-i\v what he says in hio Orst report to tho Govern ment; : — ' I entered on my dutitc on the lit September, 1872., and found the its '.iuition in a state of good order and discipline.''.. .Oue,,of tho doctor's first tscis, however, was to divert tho ssrviceo of the patieuta r-nd attendants to his v»wn work : a criminal patijnt of great r.otoriety being- token from tbo &By;]um to woik at the Snperin endenfc's privafcis le iieuoo; and attend ants were also continually thore, tome making aviariof, rabbit hutches, frequently paintiug und repairing the now celebrated bout, nnd mauufiioturin'- framftn for t,hp. nininrnn whifth bad boon painted for him by a criminal patient. Some of the Litter wore subsequently exhi bited at tho Exhibition in Sydney. It io worthy cf remark that not one of the very aorious charges ' Pi I grim' haa made in the iatereot of humanity against Dr. Tayior has bean refuted by ths feeble effort at h'n jaaiiliCAiiun made in the Mercury. It is, 1 believe, strictly forbidden for a Government official to give more than ' surface ' information to members of the press. Dr. Taylor, however, as the attandants can prove, furnished ' A Pilgrim' with the nanies and' ante- cedents of all the criminal and other patients mentioned by him ; although he is known to have called the attention of the Colonial Secre tary (then ir H . Parlies) to the fact of patients' pames having been mentioned in ' Pilgrim's ' article upon the admirable establishment kept by Dr. l'ucker at Cook's River. Ao tho Editor of the Mercury on bis own showing is inspired by Dr. Taylor, it would seem that that gentleman in but little instructed in Criminal Law and 1 would advise his perusal of Act 7 iVio '' No. 14, and 24 Vic. No. 19, and then by examining the 'warrants under v/hich ,'jome of the prisoners arc detained at the Asylum, — patients who perambulate the streets and sleep in the same wards with free lunatics — he will find those wax-rants are directed to ' The Superintendent of the Criminal Lunatic Asylum,' instructing- him to take charge of the prisoner theroin named in the Criminal division ; and there is no law authorizing any person who has- been acquitted on the ground of insanity to wander at large without escort, when at any moment a patient's murderous instincta might lead to the sacrifice of human life. When Mr. Hugh Taylor, M.P., asked his questions in the House last year, he represented that criminal patients were allowed the liberty that ' A Pilgrim'' states, although that liberty was not allowed in Mr. Firth's t^ine. This in any case is borne out by the fact of his having stopped Kelly's outings immediately Di\ Taylor departed for Europe. Tho name of Bertn'.nd has bean med in th?o question; and osrtainly the Mercury's version about the gun doen not correspond with Willo'a : evidence. It is, be^idon, a well-known feeb chit Bortrond and Dr. Taylor wt ra upon tho J most intimate terms anl constantly enjoying j the congenial ploasure of each others society. On the occasion of an entertainment being given ia tho Asylum during Bertiaiid'o sojourn t-hero some of the visitors wera considerably startled by observing that worthy seated among the audience. The portion of the Mercury's article, which speak a of his interview with tho criminal patients, besides being feeble, directly endorses 'A Pilgrim's' statements. There is abundant proof that Kelly has haunted tho public houses on a Sunday, the names of the hotels can be Given, and it is notorious in Parramatta that the publicans regarded that pationt as a species of Banquo's ghost. Kelly is completely insane, having latoly broken out on more than one occasion, I I do not venture to intrude further upon your space thio week, but trust in the interest of fair play you will allow me the opportunity next week of continuing my remarks. I am, Sir, Yours, etc., MERCUTIO. Parramatta, 12th. Feptember, 1877. 