CHRISTMAS TALES. Christmas Eve on a Raft: and Thereafter. (Written for The Queenslander Christmas Supplement.) [Condensed from the Narrative of Arthur Hedderwick, late of Mundoona Station, N.S.W.] BY J. BRUNTON STEPHENS. A love-sick stockman is the most ridiculously pitiable object in creation. It might be hard to say why he should be so any more than a love-sick bricklayer, or a love-lorn costermongor. Perhaps it is be cause his normal condition of blow, blustor, and blasphemy contrasts so violently with the puling, dwining airs of amorous lan guishment. Perhaps—but instead of trying to account for the general fact, I had better confine myself to the particular statement that I never saw a more ridiculously pitia ble sight than Tom Farmer as he sat — blowing, certainly, but this time only a cloud—in a corner of the verandah of the Anchor Hotel, at Ballinaslow. I am sorry to say that Jack Carruthcrs and myself, cormorant squatters by trade, were making a butt of him. Our excuse is that it was the only amusement handy at the time, and that it was to him we were indebted for that same fact. But for him we might have been at our own homes, spending our Christmas evening in some more homelike fashion than lolling in the verandah of an inn among uncongenial strangers. Carruthers, whose favored servant he was, had placed implicit trust in Tom's knowledge of the country, and this trust he had repaid by treacherously beguiling us into an unknown region, and had done this so dexterously as to leave us no more delect able option than that of resting ourselves and our jaded steeds for half a day and as whole night in one of the slowest towns in the southern hemisphere That Tom had done this for his own ends we began to suspect as soon as we sighted the township, but it was not until we had been an hour or two in the Anchor Inn that we discovered the motive of his treachery. We had known for some time that he was the victim of a hopeless love; but that the object of his affections was the dark-eyed daughter of the landlord of this very inn, was only revealed to us in the course of the afternoon, when an altercation between Tom and the landlord, which we could not help overhearing, made us aware of how the land lay. The lay of the land was thus. The girl had long ago said " Yes;" the father had said "No." The two answers were not only different in essence, but also in mode. The girl's was unconditional; the father's, conditional. Tom hadn't a rap, and the girl didn't care one whether he had or not. But the father was worldly-minded, and had exacted a promise from Tom that he would not resume his suit until he could, so to speak, line it with bank notes. In Tom's re-appearance at this particular time the landlord professed to see a breach of his promise ; and though the former tried to excuse himself on the ground that " his boss had brought him, and a cove was bound to stick to a boss as had always behaved himself like a gentleman to him," we, the involuntary eavesdroppers, were inclined to think that in this dispute the truth was on the side of the worthy inn keeper. Part of this, as I have said, had been known to us before —this much at least, that Tom was in love, and that his penni less condition was the barrier to his happi ness ; and before starting on our present journey we had, unknown to the lover, agreed upon a little plan which might possibly put a couple of hundred pounds in his pocket. Which brings me to the object of our present quest; for the elucidation of which I must do what I detest in other story writers—go back for a commencement. For some considerable time back cattle stealing on an extensive scale had been carried on in our part of the country. The magnitude and frequency of the depreda tions had at last roused a number of us to the necessity of united action. Among other measures, ten of us agreed to sub scribe £'20 each; and on the strength of this we advertised a reward of £200 to be paid to any person or persons giving such information as would lead to the conviction of the guilty party or parties. Shortly after this advertisement ap- peared, certain circumstances came to the knowledge of Carruthers which, to his mind, pointed in the direction of discovery. The grounds of suspicion, however, were so slender that, in the fear of being ehaffod as the discoverer of a mare's nest, he con fided his ideas on the subject to myself alone. I should add, to Tom Farmer also; but the fact is, that in all his master's con cerns, Tom was understood, as a matter of course Acting upon this —I cannot call it—in formation, Carruthers, Tom, and myself, with every necessary personal and armo rial equipment, had started a week ago on a thief-hunting expedition. I had willingly agreed to Carruthers' proposal that, if we were successful, we should contrive to shift the credit of the affair to the shouldors of Tom, and thus, without any great effort of generosity on our part, give a material lift to a downcast fellow-creature. I need not dwell on the particulars of our fruitless expedition. Suffice it to say, that we did discover a mare's nest; and it was on our return journey, with the weight of our disappointment still heavy upon us, that we found ourselves condemned to spend the best part of Christmas Day in a dingy public-house. Well, it might have been worse. As every schoolboy knows, Ballinaslow lies by the sea, at the mouth of the Poormond Eiver; and in sea and river there is always something interesting to look at. But it was too hot to wander forth. It was too hot for anything, in fact, except to lie on our sides looking at the waves, and listening to the moaning of the bar. Even that, however, began to pall on us. Then Carruthers for a change, read the metro politanpapersof the previous month, while I sketched such of the Ballinaslowers as hung about the hotel, evidently unwilling to go out of reach of the means of quenching their thirst. These pursuits enabled us to kill an hour or two. Then we both united in blowing up Tom; and having reduced him to a state of abject misery, we ended by making him sit down to dinner with us. Then again, as on our next adjournment to the verandah, he didn't seem quite miser able enough for a convicted traitor, we sat on him once more, but this time with sar casm instead of rebuke, and chaff in place of objurgation. Even this amusement, however, ceased at length to charm, and at Carruther's sug gestion Tom was sent to call' the landlord to come and make merry with his guests. To tell the truth the ostensible object of this manoeuvre was not the real one. Car ruther's good-nature wished to afford Tom a chance of an interchange of eye- signals with the dark-eyed Sarah behind the bar, having heard the wary father forbid him the sacred precincts where that vestal pre sided. I presume the interchange took place, for Tom s face was considerably brighter when he reappeared with Macfarlan in tow. Macfarlan was a beetle-browed, stern faced, worldly-jawed man, a Scotch elder by nature,-the very last man from whom to expect entertaining converse. And yet that man believed in ghosts. As he warmed over his own liquor, we dis covered in him a fund of superstition, and a readiness to expend it, that promised well for an evening's entertainment. How we drifted into the ghostly theme I cannot now recall. We had begun by questioning him about the early days of the settlement, when he, like most of the older inhabitants, had earned his living by cedar cutting. He told us of a wild money making time of alternate hardships and orgies, which, with the substitution of cedar for nuggets, had all the sensational flavor of a tale of the Pacific coast. Agonies of labor on lone forest ridges, succeeded by rum and revelry, quarrelling and fighting, marrying and giving in marriage without benefit of clergy; all the usual concomi tants of money quickly made outside the pale of civilisation, with death from drink, death from drowning, death from sunstroke —and one murder—(that "one" hardly bears out the Pacific coast comparison); these made up the burden of his tale; and half a moon was silvering the waves before us ere we realised that we were getting through our Christmas evening not so badly after all. Yes, I remember now; it was that murder that brought on the ghosts. The spot where the deed was done, a point on the Wicksburn River some thirty miles off, had still an evil repute. The unappeased spirit of the victim was believed still to haunt the spot. Even yet the cedar-getters drifting down the river on their rafts con fessed to a nameless sensation of horror as they passed " Skeery Point." Had any- thing ever been seen to justify the reputa tion of the place? Oh yes; but just a something that no man could afterward put a name on, —at least, no whito man; but the blacks in his employ could nevor be persuaded to land thero; fell all of a tromble whenovor he proposed it, and would jabber about " whito follow in blue jumper, with plenty bloody hoad." Did he, Macfarlan, believe itP Beliovo it? He had never passed the place, at night at least, without a freezing horror in his bones that it took a week's heavy drinking to thaw out of them. And there were lots, bless you, who could say the same. " I know the trouble whenever I see it in a man's face." What with the moaning of the bar, the pale moonlight, the earnest voice of the man, the strange sensations roused by his wild tales of old times, and an under-conscious ness of the ghost-adapted season, I confess I had begun to feel what the Scotch call "eerie." Carruthers was silent, but his face looked as if he shared my feelings. The light from the inn parlor shone full in the face of the narrator, and it seemed as if the horror he spoke of was there even now. At all events, I could not but believe that he believed. When I next looked toward the sea, a small schooner, whose approach I had not observed, was being quietly moored along side the jetty, almost in front of the hotel. There was something spectral in the silence and suddenness of its appearing which accorded well with my state of f eebng. We could hear no sound either from the men who were fixing the cable or from those on board. Presently a plank was extended from the vessel to the jetty, and next, two men appeared on it, half leading, half carry ing a third between them. Very slowly they approached tho inn. When within twenty or thirty yards of it, the legs of the apparent invalid suddenly gave way beneath him, and his companions, taking him up in their arms, carried him bodily towards us.' As they came within the circle of light cast by the lamp over the doorway, the ghastly corpse-like face of their burden struck us with horror, and just then the landlord, rising to his feet, tapped Carruthers and myself successively on the back, and bending bis head towards us, said in a hoarse whisper, "Skeery Point!" Directing the men to deposit the semi lifeless figure on the sofa in the parlor, Macfarlan at once disappeared in search of stimulants, while we lent a hand to assist with the burden. As soon as the man was stretched on the sofa, his companions, men of a peculiar half cedar-cutter, half sailor breed, turned toward the door leading to the bar. Of course we tried to arrest them with the question of what was the matter, but they merely shook their heads, and sibilated a prolonged " Hush-sh-sh," point ing at the same time to the prostrate figure. One of them, however, more human than the other, turned when he was half-way through the door, approached us on tiptoe, and making a tube of his hand, whispered through it, "Skeery Point!" and disap peared. Presently Macfarlan returned with the inevitable brandy, and the next ten minutes were spent, with some success, in endeavor ing to restore animation to the invalid. In the meantime we learned from Macfarlan that the man was well known to him, a cedar-cutter, a hard-working, honest, sober fellow, Bill Watkins by name. As soon as Watkins was able to sit up, and had looked around with the appearance of returned consciousness, our pent-up curiosity could no longer be restrained. " You're all right now, Bill," urged Mac farlan, "tell us all about it, old man. Thcro ain't none but friends here." But the man merely groaned, and shook as if in a fit of ague. " Take another sip, Bill. There, that's done ye good. How was it, BillP" " J—J—Jim Rocke," quavered the man. " Ax him." "They'll be bringing him up by-and by," said Macfarlan. "This Bill and Jim Rocke, gentlemen, came down the Wicksburn River last night on a raft. It was 2 o'clock this morning when they got to the Mary Jane, that was lying waiting for them at the mouth of the river. Them two men you saw a while ago are mates of theirs, and they do say as them two —this old man here and Jim Rocke —was both of them like's they had the aguy when they got to the Mary Jane, and they've never spoke but two words since they took them aboard, and them two words was ." " Skeery Point," interrupted Carruthers, with an intonation that Macfarlan evidently didn't half like. "And more than them two words they didn't need to say," continued he solemnly, " to them as was no strangers here. Is that so, old man ?" The man nodded and said " That's so." Our curiosity was getting more and more lively, but this deliberate baulking of it began to get monotonous. Carruthers solved the difficulty with two words, "Tom, champagne." It was astonishing how the champagne tightened up Bill's nerves, and loosened his tongue. We had his whole story within ten minutes from the time the cork flew out —the story of their Christmas Eve on a raft. The day before he told the tale, he and his companion Rocke had started from a certain point up the Wicksburn River with a small raft of cedar logs, intending to proceed to Ballinaslow with the Mary Jane, which certain of their mates who had preceded them, bound like themselves for a Christmas spree, had promised to keep waiting for them. Owing to several causes of delay, which need not be specified, it was close on midnight when they approached Skeery Point. It was a moonlight night though, and as they were capital chums, they had so succeeded in entertaining one another that the ghostly reputation of the spot they were nearing had quite escaped their minds. I took particular notice of this point in the story, as it showed me that what they said they saw was at least no phantom conjured by expectant imaginations. Suddenly, in the midst of a comical yarn, Rocke exclaimed, " What's that ahead of us ?"—and Watkins, looking down the stream, saw what he at first imagined to be a bullock swimming across. Suggesting that he thought so, they both shouted, and also threw what Watkins called " toggles" (or loose pieces of wood) in the direction of the supposed animal, to make sure of its hastening out of the course of the raft. The "thing" kept steadily on till it reached the bank, and then disappeared, apparently behind a bush. Rocke had just time to remark "By_____ , Bill, I don't think that was a bullock, after all!" when it re-appeared, moving at a pace and in a direction which would presently bring it close upon the raft. How it approached them, Watkins couldn't tell. But of this he was certain, it didn't swim. It came towards them with a gliding motion that seemed to them alto gether unnatural. "Lord save us, it's a man!" exclaimed Watkins; " and this is Skeery Point! But hold hard, old fellow," he cried, seizing hold of his mate, for "the horror" had fallen on poor Rocke, and he was making as if he would jump into the water. Nearer and nearer it came. And now comes the strangest part of the story. Believe it or not, as you like, I own with out shame I believed it then; and I believe it now. When the figure came within a foot or so of the raft, it held up its hand— and the raft stopped. By this time it was nearly all over with poor Rocke, but Watkins, though himself in an agony of trembling, held him up bravely. "Look it in the face, man," he urged, " and tell me what you see, for this may be only my fancy." "I see a man," groaned out Rocke, " from the chest upwards. He has a dark beard, but no hair on the upper lip. His face is deadly white. There is a great scar on his forehead. His throat is bare, but he has a blue jumper on. He is lifting his hand again, and beckoning to us." " God help us! it's no fancy. That is exactly what I see. Jim, I've no brother or friend like that; is it any of yours P" " No; it's none of mine." " Then, in the name of God, who and what are you?" cried Watkins, forcing himself to look the phantom steadily, in the eyes. A long, melancholy gaze was the only reply. Presently the figure turned toward the bank, glided off in the same strange manner, and, as before, disappeared behind a bush. Immediately on his disappearing, the raft moved an. On this point Watkins was as positive as on any other. It was deep water where all this occurred. There was neither snag nor anything else to cause a stoppage. But for all that, the raft had stopped. This was the substance of Watkins' story, and no amount of cross-questioning could move him to any deviation from it. Well, it was passing strange. Car ruthers and I retired to the verandah to compare impressions. We agreed that we were both puzzled. "But, I say," suggested Jack, " let's go down and see the other buffer before they bring him up. Let's examine him before the two get their heads together again. But he must be awfully bad, or surely they'd have had him up by now. Tom, champagne." We found " the other buffer " still in his bunk, resisting all persuasion of his mates either to rise or to speak But again; the champagne was triumphant, and before long we had his story out of him. The two versions were wonderfully similar. We cross-questioned Rocke on ever particular, especially on the stopping of the raft; but the only variations were of such a kind as would, rather than otherwise, have con vinced a jury of the honest independence of each witness. We went to bed that night hopelessly mystified, both agreeing, however, that we preferred our Christmas evening in a dingy public house to that terrible Christmas eve on a raft. Sometime after midnight, in the middle of a dream, which was a perfect nightmare of murders and horrible spectres, I was awakened by Farmer, who was standing over me with a lighted candle stuck in a bottle. " What on earth do you want, Tom ? " I growled out. " Please don't speak so loud, mister," whispered Tom." I've brought a pencil and a sheet of paper, and I just wants to make so bold as ax you if you would draw me a bit of a picter.' I jumped up in my bed, and took a good look at the man. Certainly he seemed to be in his proper senses, and even more than ordinary serious. "Excuse me," Mr. Hedderwick, but you see I've got a bit of a notion into my head, and it won't let me sleep. I seen you a makin' picters of people to-day, and you done them fust-rate. Do you think you could do a likeness from memory, Sir! Oh, thought I, some notion connected with that infernal girl. " Out with it, man. What do you wantP" "Well, look here, Mister—but speak low. Do you remember M'Naught—him as got the sack from Mr. Carruthers about a twelvemonth agoP" "I do. I remember him well. What of him ?" "Do you think you could put a few strokes together into the shape of his figure head, Sir?" " I daresay I could. But what are you driving at, Tom ?" For sole reply Tom brought the dressing table to the bedside, and placed on it the candle, the paper, and the pencil; and pre sently I found myself making a memory portrait of M'Naught, wondering all the while whether I was really a goodnatured fellow, or simply a confounded fool. At the end of ten minutes or so, Tom put his hand on mine. "There, Sir; that'll do. Dash it all, that's the dead spit of him. Now, Sir, if it wouldn't be too much trouble, would you mind puttin' on your trousers, and comin' to the next room!" Having concluded by this time that I was simply a confounded fool, I thought it as well to let folly take its course. Accord ingly I followed Tom into the next room, which turned out to be that of Bill Watkins. The ghost-seer was sleeping calmly. I thought it a sin to awake him, but Tom thought otherwise. He did so very gently, however; telling him as he opened his eyes that he had merely come to see if he wanted anything. Watkins immediately sat up and volunteered the remark that he felt much better. Tom then engaged him in conversation, and after a while, holding the sketch and the candle close to his face, asked him if he had ever seen anyone like that. The effect was astounding. The tremors of the previous evening returned in full force, and with chattering teeth and con vulsed lips he gasped out, " That's him! that's him!" After doing what we could to restore him, we left him comparatively relieved, and returned to my room. " It was all along o' that clean upper lip an' scar on the forehead that the notion come to me," whispered Tom. "He was always up to tricks, wur that M'Naught." And then applying his mouth almost to my ear, he communicated to me a few ideas, which had the effect of propelling me to Carruther's bedroom. The end of a whis pered conference with him was a combined resolution to make for Skeery Point next day, and, if possible, to get Macfarlan to accompany us, first of all because he knew the country well; and secondly, because, in the course of the evening's conversation, he had mentioned that he still kept up his connection with the river as an employer of labor, and that on a certain point on it he owned a small hut, boatshed, and boat, which last would be absolutely necessary for our purpose. In the morning we imparted to the land lord our desire to explore the land in the neighborhood of Skeery Point, without, of course, communicating ouf real object. Our private idea (though there were some points we could not yet explain) was that M'Naught and his possible colleagues had been trad ing on the evil repute of the place, and doing their best to keep it up for their own ends. We had considerable difficulty in persuading Macfarlan to accompany us, but after a liberal offer on our part for his day's services as guide, his worldliness overcame bis superstition, and he at last consented to at least as far as his own pro perty. Owingto circumstances connected with his business, it was late in the day when he was ready to start, and it was long after sundown when we reached his hut, on the banks of the Wicksburn River. We were now considerably above Skeery Point, and, late as it was, we determined to drop quietly down the stream, and see what was to be seen. There was sufficient moon light to simplify our operations, and, accordingly, leaving Macfarlan at his hut, with an employee of his who lived there, we pushed the boat into the water, and were speedily afloat. It was a weird journey. Under the pale moonlight the cliffs on the north side had a grim ghostliness of aspect that was alone sufficient to depress our spirits. Our very silence was eerie, and under the influence of the place and the time, and the remem brance of last night's stories, our mood became more and more gloomy. By the time we sighted the landmarks by which Macfarlan had instructed us to identify Skeery Point, I began to think, as I looked on the faces of my companions, that I could perceive the first symptoms of "the horror." Skeery Point just at hand, we let the boat drift, and looked eagerly ahead. All at once our hearts stood still. Un questionably there was something in the water, swimming across what would pre sently be our path. No, not swimming. It was a strange, half bobbing, half gliding motion. We knew that this was the deepest part of the river, and whatever it was, it was certainly not walking. As it emerged from the gloom cast by the cliffs, it showed plainly a human form from the chest upwards. Nearer yet, and we saw the eyes fixed on us with an un swerving, unearthly gaze. Not the face we had expected; but hairless, without a scar; a pale, youthful face, but rigid with a ghostly sadness. And just as it reached us, the boat Hopped. Where were all our resolutions ? we had meant to hail the phantom with triumphant jeer, to cover it with our revolvers, and summon it with threats to come into the boat. Was it "the horror" that had fallen on us? I only know that we did nothing, could do nothing—but gaze. And as we yet gazed, it turned, glided toward the bank, and disappeared, and when it had disappeared, the boat drifted on. We were in another reach of the river, and Skeery Point was out of sight, before we recovered ourselves. " Tom," said Carruthers, " I had no idea you were such a coward. Hedderwick, I always told you you smoked too much. Your nervous system is gone, man, gone. Tom, the flask." We agreed to go back, and after rowing for a quarter of an hour up stream, we landed at Skeery Point. I, the condenser, heartily wish that Mr. Arthur Hedderwick had burned the rest of his narrative. In this materialistic age, a properly credentialled ghost, in a real spiritual body, with a real spiritual jumper on, would be a positive godsend. But, alas, poor ghosts! they are but as vapor, and it is the melancholy duty of a con denser to cool the steam. I regret that I have to do so in the primitive Newcomen condensing fashion, by "throwing cold water " on them. About that stopping of the raft, now, (which, fortunately for the story, was an unusually small and light one) who would have guessed that the leader of the cattle stealers, which cattle-stealers, all told, consisted of himself, M'Naught, and son, had been thrown from his horse and seriously injured in the left arm and leg— that their horses had subsequently strayed beyond their finding, doubtless to their proper owners—that the leader, badly in want of a doctor, knew of a place on the other side of the river where he might remain in friendly hands, and have the benefit of medical treatment—that, having no boat, and refusing to trust himself across the stream on M'Naught's back, he had conceived the idea of having a strong rope, of which they had abundance, fas tened from bank to bank, and, with the assistance of his mate, dodging himself across with the uninjured hand—that the attempt was to have been made on Christmas Eve—that M'Naught was on his return journey after fastening the rope, which now extended across just under the surf ace of the water, when, knowing he had been perceived by the men on the raft, the idea occurred to him, as Hedderwick had divined, of trading on the evil repute of the place, and instead of letting go the rone when ho landed, he returned by means of it, and behaved, as above described, in such a way as to give the whole affair an air of the supernatural, crowning it all by letting go the rope on his second landing ? Who would have guessed that the attempt had, in consequence, been put off till the second night after, and that young M'Naught, who was acting as scout till his father should bring down the injured man from their unsuspected camp, seeing our boat approach, and fired with emulation, of his father's exploit, had, somewhat un wisely we must admit, gone through pre cisely the same performance? If the reader did not guess all this, it is nothing to his discredit. I didn't guess it myself—at first. Fortunately, Hedderwick leaves unex plained the ghostly reputation of Skeery Point, and " the horror ' that fell on those approaching it by night; so that there is still room for a ghost in that part of the story. Materialists, of course, will say that all this was mere superstitious fear. I say nothing. As all Christmas stories should end hap pily, except for cattle-stealerB and such like, it is superfluous to add that the cap ture took place, that Tom got his £200, and that the result may be found on the fly-leaf of his Family Bible. One last word. If there is any vacuum in the story, let the reader put it down to the condenser. 