ECHOES FROM THE BUSH. By Geobtry Chabthorn. : usesar s wite should be above suspicion, and on this account, ?while cordially con gratulating the ex-Commissioner of Public Works UT-on cominc so far rmf, nf t.ViA :YYorKS and Tenders Enquiry with an un blemished reputation, I confess I see more reason to deplore the humiliating fact that rumours of so damaging a character to the good fame of the colony at large should hare gained such credence as to form the greater portion of the business of the Select Committee noiv sitting. No matter though Mr. Colton emerges from the Committee-room with hands aa clean as a sheet of parchment, unsullied by the pen of the law, nevertheless will there be found enough uncharitable people to purse their lips and shrug their Bhoulders, and give utterance to their favourite article of faith averring that there is no smoke without fire. To my mind these, vague unsubstantial reports affect ing the honour of men in exalted positions, are much better left to die out as the; arise, unless, indeed, there be somedefinite charge to found an enquiry upon. The more you investigate scandal the more unsatisfactory does the investigation prove, and let your Jury be never so un animous in recording 'KotGuilty'against the name of the suspected person, yet depend upon it ten out of every dozen waiting for the rising of the Court outside, will, when they hear the verdict, go away dissatisfied and unconvinced, most likely thinking it ought to have been the more open Scotch finding of ' ' Not proven. ' No doubt it is very gratifying to Mr. Colton to find the evidence given in those 180 pages of foolscap so far vindicating hia good name, but I should not imagine he would feel very thankful to the feenior member for Sturt for first giving Parliamentary prominence to what had hitherto been merely a matter of vague outside talk. I am not surprised if some of you, my Public, should be found whis pering stinking fish— you were not bold enough to cry it— but I am a little bit astonished that the shrewd Mr. Townsend Bhould have been weak enough to suppose that a Select Committee would make the fish, any sweeter, or that in calling for one he was doing a good service to the fish inonger. 'Well may Mr. Colton exclaim r Heaven save me from my friends.' Take your Geoffry's advice, my mistakenly zealous Townsend, and don't play the part of Mrs. Candour any more, for to (juote from that dangerous woman: — ' Talebearers are as bad as the talemakers ; 'tis an old observation and a very true one.' J The burning question of the day in the philosophical world is Evolution, and even the humble sages of South Australia are hastening to add their testimony to the genuineness of the theory of development. Having taken up the horse as a good manageable 'subject' they begin by setting up a certain five-toed clumsy wal lower in the antediluvian mire as the earliest form of this useful animal. Then comes their difficulty, what was the missing link and where has it got to, and not being able to answer the question very satisfactorily themselves, they write to my Register about it, and astonish quiet stay-at-home folks like you and I, my Public, with the extent of their scientific researches, and the daring character of their speculations. Aa for your Geoffry, I have always been quite content to know upon the best authority, that of my early Primer, borne out by my own experience, that 'the horse is a noble animal and the friend of man,' without troubling myself to look up his family tree. As for the claim to be regarded as the equine Adam, set up for the five-toed ! creature by the believers in evolution, I think I could make out equally as good a case for the horse chesnut. Stated simply it would be— Primitive— Horse chestnut Developed— Towel horse, Evoluted — Noble animal and friend of man. And the beauty of my theory is that it doesn't own to any missing link. The whole pedigree is complete, and if disputa tious cavillers want to go into all the ramifications of the family, albeit ' I am not splenetic or rash,' lam quite ready for them, with the horse pistol and the Colt's revolver. For my part, I fancy I know a horse when I see him, and that's enough for me without trying to become acquainted with all his forerunners bythe science of evolution. And take care, my enthusiastic philosophers, that many of your proudly discovered missing links between him of the five toes and the well hoofed horse, do not turn out to be nothing more nor less than mare's nests. Don't let your hobby horse run away with you. 'Tis a credulous marvel-loving age, and a little knowledge — of evolution — is a dangerous thing. Here is your Geoffry's summing up in verse. EVOLUTION. BY ONB OF THE OLD SCHOOL. What changes have been on this globe growing ; old,: [Since the dim distant days when the world | first began, When the anthropoid,' ape was the type we are . told (Of the tail-less intelligent animal man. When a beast with five toes to its hoof, so they 1 say. Dropped a toe at a time, till by slow diminu ( tion Of toe-power, it turned to the hor3e of to-day, !By a method philosophers call evolution. 'Tis a new-fangled theory strange to the mind Long accustomed to keep in the one narrow ; groove, And startling, indeed, are the facts that we find I Evolutionists gravely attempting to prove. Through cycles unending these scientists think They can trace a descendant by hibits or i features, And their life is a search for the one missing ? link, ! Connecting two totally different creatures. Does the ass, or more cquinal mule represent ; The aniiously-sought intermediate brief stage, 'Tween the proud fiery steed of the Bedouin's I black tent [And the ^pirna! five-toed of the miocine a^e ? Or was there, ye savants, some lost form of life, i Whose fossil geologists yet may discover, To renew hot as ever to-day's bitter strife, ? When we're hoping perchance the dispute is ? all over'. All ! vainly, all vainly I fear me ye seek ; For that link which ye want to make perfect your chain, For suppose some one fancied he found it next J. week, , Something still ye would argue was missing j 'tis plain. Dilettanti may take up the subject and add | To the arguments wild, each his weak con ; tribution, A-nd the whole thinking world on the theme i may go mad, ! But they won't humbug me with their new : evolution. Evolution, but once let the rule be allowed, And the myBtery of life be thus finally solved. Hen if apes to be lords of creation have ' growed,' May not angeh from men someday too be evolved ? [f the man of to-day once a monk -y has been, Then there surely can be little reason for doubting Ehaf'the coming man' will in t' e future be seen With a fine pair of wings from his shoulder bones sprouting ; [n fact, there's no length, be it never so wild, At which evolution's disciples will pause, By some fancied deceptive resemblance beguiled Into framing for nature a new set of laws. Ja beast, bird, and fish, will be foisted, I fear, Some 'claimant' unknown, as a long- lost relation, And every fresh find will be made to appear . As the true missing link in the chain of ! creation. , I have received a pathetic parody by a typical North Adelaide busman, who considers it '.hard lines' that he should not have his dinner hour like the rest o£ rational mortals. I confess I cannot see how that can be done unless the North Adelaide residents consent to forego their inidday meal by submitting to a cessation of 'busing' from ope till two. All the busmen want their dinner hour, and all the business men want theirs. I would suggest, as a way out of the difficulty, that City men who live in North Adelaide should drive the omnibuses over them selves while the legitimate 'coachees' take their tiffin. However, hero is the sad story of wrong unrighted, and may it work its own cure. AN ADELAIDE OMNIBUS DEIYEE'S ' GRIEVANCE. Which I'll pluck up my nerve And to prove I will try — :f As we busmen deserve ' To have wages more high, Seein' as how we are put on like niggers, Which that same aint the ghost of a lie. . A.O.C. is its name, ; And the firm it aint bad. In regard to the same, The last wages I had ? : Was paid me all formal and regTar, . , : r Which it aint that as makes me so xa&i.; It's the hours that is long And the labour likewise, ? ?' And it's coming it strong With this blaze in the skies ' To ' go if from 7 till 8.30, - ' : ' ' Being thirteen long hours, and no files. Which six bob is our pay, ' L And it aint quite enough, ? ; For the length of the day Makes the work sorter tough, Partickler with no hour for dinner ; It is, I opine, a bit rough. ; Which them gay eight-hour men ' Has a very good line ; Does their day's work, and then » Goes to plays I opine, . And has far better screws than Pm earning ; Which a rise why I would'nt decline. Give us regular turns ; . And for grub a short spell, '? And the tin which we earns, , ; Will be earned very well, I Without our beipg tired-out and surly } ? ' For the work is beginning to tell. ?/ : Which I beg to explain, And there's none to deny. That it isn't in vain ?,. '..?'??. i That these busses still ply. Their profits are gained by cheap labour . ,' Out of such ill-used beggars as I. 