OUR PABITTETTER. (From our own Correspondent.) PABIS, February 17. No one in this country attaches the slightest importance, still less gives the smallest attention to the reported Orleanist conspiracy to overthrow the Republic, and selecting the Due d'Aumale for General Monk, to seat his nephew •the Comte de Paris on the throne. German canards, for the story comes from Vaterland, are as unsuccessful as German wit. The Orleanists are an unpopular party in France ; they are the models of irresolution ; they would faint at the idea of organising a coup d'etat ; were it possible to overthrow the Republic by a lobby intrigue, or a Parliamentary coalition, or by a Guizot system of bribery, a de Broglie respect for constitutional liberty, or a Buffet execution of the law, they would engage in the venture in the twinkling of an eye. They are political Christopher Slys, who in politics can throw pebbles on the rails ; but to resort to violence—that programme is the monopoly of the Bonapartists. The fact is there are no conspiracies in France; the Republic is now being respectably and honorably administered, and the head of the Cabinet, Jules Simon, is compelling the extreme parties to obey the institutions of the country. The Bonapartists have even ceased to be boisterous, and employ no other weapons against the Republic but bad names. Words break no bones. In proportion as the Ministry displays the courage to promote and defend its Republican programme ; to act fairly and liberally towards all men ; to assure the good, and to warn the bad, so does the Constitution become acceptable, as a matter of course, by the nation. It is difficult to muzzle a free Press ; it ; s no easy matter to silence in France an obnoxious writer. Rochefort's Droits de l' Homme has been suspended for six months, so his partisans here provide him here with a successor. The Radical. The departed journal was disgustingly personal, so much so, that not an extreme republican deputy could be induced to bring the minister to task for employing the arms of the second empire to prosecute a newspaper under the Athenian Republic. E finita la viusica. The best means to silence Rochefort, is not to dignify his speculation with a prosecution, and to pardon all the penitent dupes of the Commune. A vessel is now being fitted out to bring back, from New Caledonia, nearly 200 Communists forgiven by the country ; at the same time the remains of the police massacred in the Rue Haxo, pending the Commune, have been exhumed and placed under a fitting monument in the Metropolitan Cemetery. The Carnival ended on Ash Wednesday morning, when, according to custom, masks and costumes ought to be buried before sunrise, and the sons of folly to clothe themselves in sackcloth. and to commence mortification by breakfasting on salt cod. During the three days that people were free to nearly do as they pleased, so far as making fools of themselves, only 760 drunkards were arrested. The figures are not high for a capital of nearly two millions, and when it is known what a small quantity of alcohol steals away a Frenchman's brains. In his case the fire-water preferred is absinthe, which is the most terrible and abject of intoxicating drinks, the principal instigator of suicides, but strange, not of other crimes. The poor rates levied on the receipts of the various public masked balls were never known to attain so high a figure as during this carnival. People who thus play cannot be in a bad position. Two new establishments gave children's fancy balls, and in a monetary point of view with success. There were as many orders of princes under nine years of age as Mr Wallace asserts exists in Russia ; the dukes were as plentiful as under the reign of the Grand Monarch, aud the marquises as under that of Louis XV. This assumption of titles by young republican France it is to be hoped will not be misinterpreted by the Comte de Chambord. Turkey is almost sinking out of French recollection. Midliat Pusha has carried into his exile all the bright prospects of Ottoman reformation; sultans like leopards cannot change their skin. Even the robbed bondholders count no longer on being paid anything in the pound. It is more a matter of feeling than of belief that the • coming hostilities between Russia and Turkey Hill be localised. There is no sympathy for cither of the belligerents in France, and when they have fousht so as to resemble the Kilkenny cats, Europe can interfere more decidedly to wind up the Eastern question. The suspense of the coining collision weighs more in affairs than would actual war. But all things must come to an end, even the position of the Turk and the Cossack facing one another like a pair of porcelain dogs on a chimney piece. The death of General Clmngarnier at 83 might have been an expected evnt since some years,as the bachelor dandy was merely propped up by bandanistcs, tailors, and male llachels. It is difficult to estimate a man gravely who at ••S3 dresses like a coxcomb in his teens. The deceased was the incarnation of military and political vanity ; lie was a capital skirmishing officer in Algeria, by making brilliant dashes at the Arabs ; but as for other capacity he had none. His services w..re utilised at Metz, to negotiate the capitulation. In 1848 he solicited a command to defend the Republic, .is " he was accustomed to conquer." It would be charitable to draw a veil over his political antecedents. He was everything by turns, and of late was distinguished by his fierce hate against the Republic ; he was the chief puppet in every intrigue against the present constitution ; he labored to bring back the Comte de Chambord, the Comte de Paris, the Prince Imperial, rather than bow to the nation's will. Like Erasmus, he is reported to have had " a Catholic soul, and a Lutheran stomach." Ho was the most intimate and oldest friend of the Rothschild's, and it is the lady-head of that . family, who has taken charge of the burial of the old bachelor. His bed was a truly military one - in iron, narrow, and the mattress was ever composed of rye straw while his room was simply a military tent. He had his uniform ever ready, as if expecting at any moment to enter on duty. He had the honor to be exiled after the coup d'etat-a crime he unconsciously did so much with his royalist friends to promote. He was the life long friend of Thiers, and when the latter was President expected to receive from him the baton of Marshal ; great was his disappointment on beuig refused. So he turned his arms against Thiers; was one of the three who intrigued the latter s downfall, expecting to occupy his Iplace and could hardly believe his eyes when MacMahon was selected. It was Changarnier's boast that he would bury the Republic, and now it is the Republic undertakes his obsequies. . The French were really pained at the prospect of Austria's refusal to officially take part in the Exhibition of 1878. The necessary funds having been voted, the abstention of the other Kaiser creates no surprise, and it may be added, no regret. The works are progressing as satisfactorily as could be desired, aud not even the shadow of a shade of a complaint has been heard respecting the gigantic organisation. This happy result is due to the exclusion of all private influences, and hence of obstacles and wrongs. At present the visitor can not only take in an idea of the vastness of the undertaking, but also of what its many beauties must be. The result will prove that all has not been done in the matter of W It wilTnot bo thi fault of the Bishops if religious peace can be maintained ; they seize every occasion to attack the representatives of lay society, so that the breach between Catholicism aud Liberalism is widening. The Republicans do not attack—they defend themselves. The Bishops on every possible occasion seek to vilify existing institutions : their pastorals are political manifestations; when ordered to pray for the Republic, they did so, while denouncing it ; and now in their Lenten charges, instead of confining themselves to the peculiar regulations for passing the forty days, they resume the role of politicians. Thus, the Bishop of Angers declares civil marriage to be concubinage, and the children born of taat union akin to bastards ; he condemns also the law which directs, that the children of a family shall enjoy the parents' property, share and share alike. The Bishop of Rodez declares that the mission of the Church is purely one of domination; to rule over all peoples and all lands ; while his Grace of Cambrai maintains that it is impossible to be a good Catholic, unless one be an Ultramontane. In presence of these provocations, the clergy has the presumption to complain that the people are falling away from religion. The contrary would seem to be true ; the French people are unhappily commencing to see in priests, not only political antagonists, but men without patriotism, and it requires no ghost to come from the grave to announce, where the battle will finish, and how. The French Government in Algeria has adopted an excellent reform ; one of the great difficulties in administering that important colony arises from the civil employés being ignorant of idiomatic Arab : henceforth an official's salary and promotion will be regulated according to his proficiency in the local dialect. The sworn interpreters make awful blunders occasionally, before the tribunal of Algiers, one of these dragomen interpreted " shoemaker" as "locksmith." It is a necessity to set an interpreter to catch an interpreter. Mile. Piermarini was engaged b y M. Pasdeloup, the director of the popular concerts, to sing at one of his entertainments ; impatient to gain her place, she jumped across the railing of the orchestra, slipped, and broke her arm. She took an action for damages against Pasdeloup, who declined the responsibility, alleging he engaged MUe. to sing and not to ''jump." The Court decided in his favor. The Tribunal has also disposed of a matter interesting to advertisers and newspapers. A manufacturer of feeding bottles published a puffing advertisement, alleging that by a decision of a Court at Berlin, his feeding apparatus alone possessed a coveted excellence. No such judgment was ever rendered, so other manufacturers held the journals responsible for aiding this disloyal competition. The French Tribunal. accorded nominal damages against the news- 2)apers, but ordered the advertising agent to pay them, as well as all expenses incurred. The complaining manufacturers can still pursue the agent for civil damages, if they can demonstrate having suffered any loss. A country gentleman came to Paris to witness the carnival, and entered into conversation with a stranger near the Jena bridge ; they became friends in a second, so much so that the stranger pointed to the gentleman's coatbeiug soiled, and aided to take it off to be brushed. While in the attitude of waiting to put on the coat again the stranger bolted with it, and the unfortunate gentleman in commencing to run after him was tripped up by a ready pal. The Prefect of Police has now organised a telegraphic portrait department. Supposing your cashier to decamp, an every day occurrence in Paris, before balancing his cash, you have only to present his photo at the detective department, and in ten minutes its copy will be in the hands of the frontier authorities, so that the cashier on alighting will enable the gendarme to soliloquise "on this picture and on that." Several important arrests have already been made owing to the discovery. It is worth knowing the opinion of the chief of the detective service on the malady of bolting cashiers ; he states he never knew a case of robbery to occur where the cashier was compelled to take a few weeks'vacation every six months. Senator Arago has a proverbially large nose ; he is an hereditary republican, and royalists swear by his organ, and artists are loud in their praises of its vermilion color. A few days ago he was going to Versailles, and in the same compartment of the railway carriage were brother senators, and a lady with an infant on her knees. The child commenced to cry, and Arago endeavored to coax it to be calm ; but the child cried the more ; the lady begged he would cease his pleasantry as she was flying from Paris, her infant being terrified with the masks and false noses, so she would be obliged if Arago would remove his, and conceal it for the remainder of the journey. There are 4000 bailiffs in Paris, and all are up to their eyes in business. A gentleman committed suicide on Plirove Tuesday in the Bois de Boulogne by blowing out his brains. Instead of bullets he employed ten pieces of half-francs, all the money he possessed, as he stated in his memoirs. K In Italy tlie celebrity of the marksmen is s iid to be owing to their painting the features of their mothers-in-law on the targets. The London correspondent of a French journal writes, the most interesting exhibition in that metropolis is a man who is advertised as the only member oftCaptain Nares's expedition that perspired at the North Pole. Another well informed journal states that on Pancake Day the boarders in the large Bchools attack each other with the lemons—citrons, sic—they eat with the cakes. " Passage du Rhin " is the name of one of the newly baptised streets in Paris. Hope the Philistines will not be down on us for this. 