THE INSTALLATION OF TII£ BISHOP OF MELBOURNE. (FROM OPR MKI.not'RNK CORl:F.fP«">XPEXT.) Thur.-d.iv livening". The installation of tlie Right Itov. IV. James Moorhouse. a? successor to the Right Rev. l)r. Pony, to the Protestant see of Melbourne, was celebrated to- day with all the solemnities suit able to the occasion, at St> James's Cathedral. IjOiig before the hour of eleven a, 111, appointed for the cercniony, the whole of the available seat room or the building was well tilled with per sons who had been fortunate enough to secure tickets of admission, and those who arrival sub sequently were nearly all obliged to rest satisiiod with standing room, while hundreds of people had either to remain outside, or to return dis appointed to their homes. His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by Lady P>owen, Miss Bowen, and Mrs. Moorhouse, arrived shortly after eleven o'clock, aud were accommodated with seats in a side gallery. The ceremony then commenced by the formation or" a procession of the clergy and the Bishops of Melbourne and Ballarat, in accordance with the prescribed programme, the particulars of which I furnished hist night, and which was carried out in its integrity from lirst to last, with the exception of the part in the ceremony which was set down for the Very Rev. Dr. Macartney, Dean of Melbourne and Vicar General, who, as I feared would be the case, was too unwell to attend. The Dean's place was to have been filled by Archdeacon Craw ford, of Castlemaine, but, unfortunately, that rev. gentleman was detained at home by the serious illness of his wife, so that, at the last moment, Archdeacon Tucker, of Beechworth, as next in seniority, was called upon to under take the duties in question. Mr. J. Summers presided, with great success, at the organ, and the choral portion of the services was admirably rendered by the choir. As the general order of the proceedings was precisely as stated in your issue of this morning, it is unnecessary for me to repeat the details here, suffice to say that those details were faithfully carried out, and that no hitch of any kind occurred to mar the solemn and imposing service of the day. When tlie new Bishop, after the customary prayer before the sermon, stood up to address a Victo rian congregation for the first time, it is not too much to say every breath in the vast concourse of his hearers was hushed in rapt attention, or that the clear and distinct elocution of the preacher at once enlisted for him a highly favorable hearing. The Bishop took for his text the 33rd verse of the tith chapter of Matthew:-"But seek ye first the Kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these things shall be added unto you." He said that he had been askeJ not to preach a sermon, for the time would not allow him to do so, but just to say a few simple words, and he therefore proposed as briefly as possible to explain what he believed the kingdom that the text commanded them to seek really was. In the lirst j :>hice the Kingdom of God was not of this world, either in its spirit or in the object:' which it sought to attain. In the words of St. Paul, the Kingdom of God was *' not meat and drink," but something spiritual and involving righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. When a man became a waiter of that kingdom, he entered upon a proper relation both with God and with his fellow-men. and the fruits of both those relations would be seen in his daily walk and conversation. By the side of this vital matter all forms and ceremonies were of but little account, and not to be compared in importance with the passing over of a single person to that kingdom. As regarded the rite of baptism, he looked upon it as of great importance, as intro ducing those who haefpassed through it into the visible Church of Christ with all its great oilers of salvation through faith, but it was one thing to have those oilers and another to accept them. He concluded by a stirring personal appeal to his hearers, by urging them to examine them selves as to whether they had really entered into the enjoyment of the Kingdom of God, and by assuring them, upon the authority of his text, that in that case all needful thing's would be added unto them. The impression produced by the Bishop's brief but telling discourse, and liy his homely but forcible style of oratory, was evidently a llighly favorable one. After the sermon, the sacrament was adminis tered to those persons who chose to remain for that portion of the ceremony, but a large num ber ot persons left as soon as possible after the Bishop had concluded, as the heat arising from the closely-packed state of the church had bv that time become almost intolerable. PRESENTATION OK ADDKKSSKS. After the close of the installation service at the cathedral, the Bishop of Melbourne, the Bishop of Ballarat, and a large number of the clergy and laity, proceeded to the new Church of Knglaud Assembly Hall, in William-street, where it had been arranged that the addresses tj the new prelate should be presented. The Venerable Archdeacon Tucker presented the following address on behalf of the clergy of the diocese: To the Kight Reverend James. Bishop of Mel bourne.-Right Reverend Father in God,-We, the clergy of your diocese, desire to oti'er von a hearty aud respectful welcome on the occasion of your assuming the episcopal duties which vou have been called to exercise among us. We "desire to give utterance to our devout thankfulness to the Chief Shepherd and Bishop of Souls that He has inclined your heart to respond to the call made to you, and that He has safely brought you here to succeed to the seat so long and so worthily tilled by your beloved and revered predecessor; and we assure you that we look forward with confident hope to the blessings which will come to us and to the church at lar^e by your pastoral oversight and your friendly advice to us in the work of our ministry, and we trust you will find us ready, according to our ordination vow, to follow with "a "lad mind and will your godly admonitions. Different as are our circumstances from those of the Church in England, none the less d> we regard ourselves as ministers of that church, acecepting the responsibilities as well as the privileges of our heritage ; and we desire to maintain a dutiful sub mission to her laws and discipline, and devout attachment to her creeds, services, and standards of faith as set forth in the Book of Common Prayer, together with a full appreciation of that comprehensiveness which has been truly said to distinguish her^ among the other branches of the Church of Christ. Xou will soon find what arc the difficulties which, from the special charac teristics of this country, beset our church in beariiv a true and effectual witness to the kingdom of God and the gospel of His grace; but we trust that, under the guidance of a Bishop, to Ann the true relation of Christianity to the culture, the science and the peculiar needs-moral and intellectual-of the day, is well known, we shall be enabled to con tend wisely as well as boldly for the faith once de livered to the saints. That vou 1u.1v find favor with God and be honored of men. and that the church over which you preside, being delivered from all heresy, schism, and scandals, may go for ward and prosper, so that, through her. pros perity, true religion, and godliness, mav bo estab lished among us, to the glory of God our Saviour and the welfare of our fellow men, is the earnest prayer of, right reverend sir, [Here follow the signatures.] The lion. Sir William Stawell then presented the following address on behalf of the clergy and laity combined: To the Right Reverend James Moorhouse. D.D , Bishop of Melbourne.-Right Reverend Father in God,-We, members of the Church of England in the diocese of Melbourne, both lav and clerical beg to approach you, on the occasion of vour in stallation, with feeling's of the deepest reverence tor your oihee and esteem for your person. Vour arrival amongst us at this sacred season seems to connect us atresh with the dawn of Christianity; and we recognise in yen another link in that -relit chain ol overseers who, in God's providence, lave ruled over the Church from the times of the Apostles to this our day. Seeing that vou have been elected to your sacred office after a'principle caretully thought oyer and agreed una in the Assembly ot the Church, and with'many oft repeated prayers on the part of believers, we trust lwut meyerence, adopt the language of th" Council 01 JerusaK-m, and trulv sav of . appointment to preside ovt.-r the church in | this diocese, that it has "StfSmed l-ochI to the H.lv , Ghost and to ns. ^ \ ou will find amount u< men ot )anmb shades ot opinion respecting debateahle points m our common laith; yet we can assure ynu !!ave bl'e:1 Wtherto discu^ed TV1 a C1^,tlan and that the dis cussion, while carried on with freedom and bold those who seek and love the rWtvy T) f t^n<i' breach 0f C'!'"stian ! ; V' . -Thot>e or us who have borne office in the . church, whether m the sacred ministry or in her ' uri'.or ,m t!?e local administration of Lei have been al-.vavs ready to pay i dutiful regard to the voice of authority". We Jver cV orr lTtl T?Jpec£lul attention to all suggestions ® late tor whom we continue to I unfdated auction, and we are pre ?onfc- n W"V oraerl-v Irenes to you in i !^^r- Th'; general satis ?ct\0n w^lch your unanimous nomination bv di^'1, sHfi fltC:ri'-VaS throughout the -1 t v" - j k°Pe that harmonv and pea~e ^ Vnder -voar S°vem£^ s;intaMHng^1omrf?eb:-^:°rUf the unfeigned^ °if°" w " [H^e upwards of 3,000 signatures jt-r>aula The Bisnop said, in reph°., that"Jhe s s1.T? s anl^itlk- If ?:iIIr";at then» in -1 hrief «ch deputation^ consisting of Cooper, the Rev. Mr. Herring, the Rev. Mi-. Rotter, the Rev. Mr. Camming, the Rev. 1>i\ Beamish, ami the Rev. Mr. Ii :it«-li tV>». m, beh.-Ji oi the clergy,_ anil His Honor .Tnd^e Rogers. Mr. Daunt. I\M., and Mr. R. H. Riand, <.i ('hales. on lieii;l|f the laity. Tin- deputation \\\a- ii"t iirepavo,t w ith any formal address. but Mr. (Jaunt hrieilj evprossed the satisfaction tV-lt in the Hall,-u-.it diocese at the selection made to till the see rendered vacant by the resignation of Dr. I'erry, the late diocesan, and added the warmest con gratulations to Dr. and Mrs. Moorhouse on their safe arrival and a hearty welcome to the shores "of Victoria. The Bishop having thanked the deputation for their kind congratulations and wishes, this portion of the day's proceedings was brought to a termination. 