SYDNEY. December 27.! The Premier, Mr. Farnell, was to-ilny rt elected without opposition. , [ ComplaintB are made regarding the inadc quaucy of the railway rolling stock for the requirements of ho'iday traffic. . Wells, the aeronaut., was much bruiseil. but not seriously injured, by yesterday's mishap. He states that the persons attempt ing the ascension with dim caused tbe accident. Nrw Year's Day.— In order to 'pive our employes a holiday, we shall pub'.ibli our next issue on Tuesday morning. Cbowded Out. — Our reports of cricket matches in Toowoomba, the Grammar School examination, our Ipswich letter, Ipswich races, and a number of other interesting items. Another Original Sketch. — Our New Year's issue will contain an original story, written by Herr Tolmaque, entitled ' Tile Secret Bevealed.' And now, n;t-nig ^im a passing 'notice on the busy crowd, we will briefly refer to the i several business establishments. Messrs. J. C, and \V. Campbell, Murphy and Cathcirt,' | ami Mr Kirk, butchers, had a magnificent ' display of beef, veal, mutton, and pork, each | trying to riv.il the others in the quantity and quality of their exhibit*. They were very nicely arranged, and proved that as candi dates for public patronage our friends were miudful of the requirements of the district. Mr Anderson's general store, though pre senting nothing very striking, was 'cot up' for the season, and Messrs. llowell, Dandy, and FiUthie were also at work iu their par ticular Hue. The fruiterers, Messrs. Part ridge, Way, Williams, Morahan, and Shine (Ruthven- street), and Irwin (Kussell-street), had a dcl'cious quantity of fruit, quite re freshing th.'-- sultry weather. Messrs. Ward and Russell V'ilkina were showing a pretty assortment of *.he useful and ornamental, both their windows attracting the attention of the curious. Messrs. Alexander and Munro were doing a roaring trade, and making a show of l.»U suitable for the warm weather, and a quantity ??( articles iu tile millinery and clothing ilunartiuenla bi'Hes groceries, &a.; Stevens and Co., thou^u not , making an unusual exhibition of seasonable goods, were not behindhand in their prac tical endeavors to meet the wants of cus tomers and visitors. Mrs Henderson (next the Gasxttf. office) showed a very tasteful as sortment of hate and millinery. M'Leish, Waugh, and Co.'s window presented a very pleasing appearance, especially in the millinery department. Their assortment of trimmed hats was splendid, and the public did remember, both in grocery and clothing departments, that the ' nimble nine-pence was better than the slow shilling.' Mr Murphy had a good assortment of groceries, and was evidently prepared for the occasion, fienwiok Bros, made a very credjtahle sqovr in drapery and clothing. At the late H. Spin's store there were specialities of an attractive kind, besides a 'great clearing sale' display. Messrs Holberton and Co and T. F. Merry and Co were rivals in their show of ribbons, trimmed hats, dress stuffs, and the latest novelties in the clothing line, both making a highly creditable appearance. Powell ana Palethorpc, knowing that fancy buys the ribbon, made their arrangements accordingly, and we think not without success. B. C. Ardern and Co, drapers, &c;, and J and C Perkins, grocers aDd drapers, in Russell street, had their windows prettily arranged, and Messrs Benjamin and Co. had appropriate Christmas goods, and a newly decorated window. Messrs H Campbell, C Drougbton, and M Campbell exhibited substantial and well-made boots, and Aaron Bros., advertised themselves as 'cheaps' in a large canvas sign on which was painted in lnrge colored letters ' Cheap Aaron Bros.' G Hoy, H Stibbs, and W C Green had some enticing confectionery, the two former mak- iug a special feature of ' Christmas cakes.' The window of H Stibbs was ornamented with evergreens and flowers. In J A Beer's window there was a quantity of tweeds, and painted on a large piece of canvas, 'A Merry Christmas. In W C Green's window, 'A Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year,' the letters— about four inches in length, made from sugar — was a good specimen of his workmanship. J Cantlay exhibited tweeds and summer cloth ing, and Messrs Keogh, Clauasin, Uosentengel ana Kleinmeyor, ana R A Dakers, hod some good suites of furniture on view. Maodonald and Quinn, R J Barry, J Blackburn, W Bond, J P O'Connell, and A Martin, saddlers, showed some articles of good workmanship and material. Messrs O and J Black, Robert sop, and Rnggenkatnp, had their respective shilling tables oontainlug a large number of articles, useful, ornamental, and amusing. We cannot, in a notice of this land, give more than a short sketch of what transpired on Christmas Eve, but we must eay the lively and busy appearance of the town pre sented a gratifying contrast to the monotony which has prevailed during the past three or four months. The Second Eleven Toowoomba Cricket Club proceed to Warwick on New Year's Day, to play a match with their old comrades, Seooud Eleven Zingari Cricket Club. The following members of the Toowoomba Crioket Club are requested to attend practice this afternoon, as tbe team to uphold local honors will be chosen from amongst them. Messrs. Armstrong, Benjamin, Bowser, Brigstook, Clendenning, D« Bobtaux, Dwyer, Gadsden, Qooom, Jordan. Marwedei, Moray, Murray, tt^, Paterton, O, Prfmrotei Vtotttoi, ud J,fP|giM (Dngrtw). TitK B.vrTisT Usios. — Representatives of the recently formed Baptist Union assembledai Lndlow, ne-r Brisbane, on Boxing Day, or. the invitation of the owner, the Rev. Mr. Voller, president of tho Union. A very en joyable dny and evening was spent. Warwick Cai.kiionians. — The annua gathering of this society took place at War wick on Wednesday last. It was, according to the A njun, the moat successful that has yet been held iu the town. The following Toowoomba men obtained prizes : — E.M'Dou- gall, 2ud prize, throwing light hammer, 2nd, putting light Btono, and 1st, throwing light hammer (for members only) ; J. Pointer, 1st, and J. Churchill, 2nd, walking match, half mile. A ball was held in tbe evening, which was fairly attended. S. anp W. Kaiiai-at.— Certain amendments in the general rateR are announced to oome into operation on and after the 1st of January. Alterations can be seen on application at the various railway statirnB. Tbe Wbatheb.— Yesterday was about tbe hottest day we hare experienced this season. A few of the 'icebergs,' which our tele graphic correspondent informs uh fell in Bris bane, we believe wonld have been welcomed by many as an agreeable relief. Robberies — Several potty robberies have been reported during the week. On Christ mas Day, Sergeant Walsh made a clever cap ture of James Lancaster, for larceny of a watch and chain. He was committed for trial at tbe next Circuit Court, in February. William Doherty and John Collins alt'* Perry were arrested by Senior-Sergeant Downey and Sergeant Walsh, and remanded till Monday next. We are unavoidably com pelled to hold over particulars to next issue. GnooM's Alius-ac. — We are in receipt of a copy of this production. The work is well Rot up, and a great improvement upon tbe one from the same office of last year. It contains Jthe usual geuernl information, and, besides a deal that is applicable to the Dar ling Downs. A good and useful feature, nn usunl to almanac, is the reprinting of several Acts of Parliament, especially relatiiiR to the district. Tlie ]irintiuR and mechanical get «|i of the work throughout is ft crodit to the establishment from which it emanates. Vjoi-knt Li'satic. — While the police were conveying a lunatic named John Brien in a cub to the Court-house, on Thursday last, he became very violent when opposite the iluyitr office. He threw his arm round the driver's neck, who let go to defend himself. A spring-cart passing came int» collision with the Melbourne car in which he was placed, wheeled it aroun V ind the horse turned towards the foot j..,- . but was pre vented alino.it miraculously troiii Kiing under Lc Kong's verandah. Sergeant Walsh, how ever, stuck to the man, and in a short time they had him placed in safe keeping. He was sent to the Reception House yesterday. Death nv DuowyiNO. — Adam Bruuer, a lad about eight years old, whilst bathing in the dam at Aland, Hartnctt, and Co.'s mill, yesterday, got into a hole out of his depth, and being uuablc to swim, was drowned. Several lads were bathing with him, but they could render no assistance. They, how ever, carried the intelligence to Mr Hnrtnett, who succeeded in recovering the body, and touk it to the mill. The boy's father is absent from town, and the mother lives in I'crth-strcct. Christmas Dav Services. — Services were hcM in St .lames' Church on Christmas Day — celebration of communion at 8 o'clock, and special services »t 11 o'clock iu the forenoon anil 7.30 o'clock iu the evening. The subject of the morning's discourse was ' Eraanuel, 'Juil with usj' of the ereninq's, ' Receiving (?hrint into our hearts.' The anthem '0 Zion that bringest good tidings ' w.is well sung in the morning, Mrs Sabioe pre.-idine; rflineutlv at the harmonium, and !\\[r- Smith doing the same duty in tho «Tcninp. The attendance! w.is exceedingly Rood. The CiTortorics amounted to £3 12s Od, nnd the chinch was tastefully de.siratod. Thera were ' iil-ui special wrviees at St Pntiiek's early mass, in the mm-niii;;. appropriate dovotimnl exorcises in the forenoon, mid veipers nt 8 o'clock in tho evening. The conRregations were very large. Tiik Calkuosians— The monthly com mitt je meeting of the local society was held on Thursday evening last. Present: Mr J T Walker (president), Messrs Dakers, H Ite-itvick, J Hen wick, Cameron, Aiinand, Itussell, and R M Hoas. The minutes of the previous monthly and special meetings were real and adopted. Arrangements for the fort'moining gathering were finally concluded. Mv Q I) Russell intimated that he would have to resign his position as secretary in a week or two, on account of his leaving the town. One account was pasted. Tho musical sub-committee were authorised to make arrangements for provid ing music for both day and night. It wob announced that the School of Arts was en fjageil as a meeting-place for New Year's morning, and the Assembly llojina for tho ball at night. It was decided to invite His Kxccllcncy and suite (whom, it was under stood, would be in town yesterday) to the gathering. 'This Qukf.nsi,an*dkr' Christmas Isritr. —The issue of this popular journal of Satur day l-jist included a Christmas Supplement. In itself that would not be saying much, as most newspapers indulge in this kind of thing at tbe present season — tint is to say, they indulge in some sort of attempt to place before their subscribers an extra sheet or two. Soiue of these attempts are very creditable ; some, on tbe other hand — well, they're not. We have, on several occasions, had much pleasure in pointing to the ad vance made in Queensland journalism, and especially have we taken notice of tbe pro gress of the Courier and QiteiWamfer under its present proprietary. The supplement, issued with the latter journal on Saturday corroborates all we have hitherto said of tu,e enterprise of th,o management, iu securing the boat literary and inechauical help to make the Qiieenglander a paper creditable to the colony, and, in fact, a worthy representative of the Australian Press, tit to take its place alongside the weok.Iies of either Sydney or Melbourne. The great feature of the Christ mas supplement is, that its sixteen pages are comprised nearly of all original matter, written by talented colonial authors. The first tale— 'Christmas Eve on a Raft,' comes from the veteran Queensland writer iq either poetry or prose — J. Brunton Stephens. This is followed by ' Denis Durnford's Burden,' by W. Senior (' Kcd Spinner'). This story is capitally told, and gives realistic views of both colonial and English life To this sue oeedx ' Christmas at the Traveller's Rest,' by Mr. W. H. Traill, which is not completed iu this number, and which wo leave our readers to form their own opinions about when it is all published. Then we have a poem by the author of ' Craddock Head,' entitled 'The Perilous Gate;' 'A Christ mas iu Panama' by the celebrated ' Vara boud ;' ' January 7, \8fl%' bjr Angus fifackay( editor of the Queens'aiufcr ; '?Miami,' by Carl A. Fiolborg ; ' Christmas Eve in the Salt-bush Country, by ' Exempli Gratia ;' and ' The Ghost at Waranga,' by John, H. Nicholson' — which, u we have not yet read, we cannot give an opiuion about, but imagine that, from the well-known ability of the writers, they are all iuterest ing and suitable for a colonial Christmas supplement. Besides the above, there are various excellent selections, the whole making up a really fi rat-class (trodqotian. We would advise ou,r readers to get a copy of the Quec*«lrtn-!c.r and judge for themsolvos. It is certainly about the cheapest and best six pennyworth that could be bought at the prosetit BPison. There is no doubt that the paper worthily represent* the progress and enterprise so largely developed in Queensland journalism,, and -i«, efr -n& n itfSiUi to the 6%eifrqni' wljioh it springs, to the oniony, and to Australia at lug*. [Tn« foregoing wm UMvotftkWy amrikM out «J Urt issat] 