MISCELLANEOUS. Affection and Sagacity of an Elcpllnnt. TwHEun have heen many i'id' dts related of the love manife.ted towards each other by the brute creation, but none more strik'ng and illustrative of that love than one that occurred on June 2, 1S76, under the canvas of Messrs. Bailey and Co's Circus, Gales burgh, Illinois. All a ho visited the show or witnessed the street parade, will remem ber the huge old elephant Betsey, that marched with a venerable tread through the streets and round the ring. ]3etsey is sup posed to be seventy-five years old, and for sixteen years has been in tlhis country. She was brought from England, andi with,her came a dog, a cross between an English setter and a spaniel, and for these sixteen years the dog and the elephant have been inseparable. Through every State in the Union, by rail and on foot, these two faset friends have travelled, nod in sickness and in health they have been all in all to each other. At Knoxville, Iowa, the dog, a few days since, was accidentally run over by one of the waggons, and one of his legs broken. The elephant appeared to sympa thiso with the dog in its distress, and was only satisfied when the dog was in sight, where she could fondle it with her trunk, and caress it. Yesterday afternoon poor Carlo was compelled to pay the debt of nature. His age was too great, his years too many, to allow of his recovery, and in thd presence of his long tried elephantine friend, hie yielded up the ghost. The ele phant appeared to realise that her pet was dead, and groaned in a real affecting man ner. The canvasman of the show took the dead caress and carefully sewed it in can. vas, and a grave was dug near the ring. At five o'clock a funeral procession was formed; first came Betsey carrying the dead dog tenderly in her trunk, followed by the fiour other elephants, all seeming to realise that they were about to deposit in the earth a long tried friend. Following the elephants were all the men connected with the show. The band played a dirge, and after march. Ing twice round the ring Betsey carefully deposited the body of the dead Carlo in the grave, and the five elephants knelt, while Betsey, with her trunk, filled the grave with earth, and the last words were sp-ken. During the entire evening Betsey seemed mourning for the dog, and when asked where Carlo was, shite would raise her ears and give utterance to a mournful sound, proving that shte felt the pain of parting. During the grand march at the commence. ment of the evening's performance Beteey, as she come to the .rave, stopped, and with her trunk pulled up the stake that had been placed at the head ofthegrave and threw it away. Charles Warner, better known in show circles as "Alligator Charlie," who has had charge of the elephants for years, relates many incidents of the dog and ie.le phant, proving their love for each other. He says that often when the elephant would refuse to cross a bridge all that was neces sary for him to do was to take the dog across, pinch his ears so as to make him howl, and the elephant would at once rush to his assilsanee. The nescene at the funeral was very affecting, and will long he remem. bered by all who witnessed it. The whole affair proves that elephants, as well as human beings, are capable of sorrowful feelings.-Illinois Republican Register. 