? THE following recipe for true eloquence i: given by a Down East orator .—" Get yourself chock full of the subject, knock out tbe bung, and let nature caper." A few years ago there was a man in Boston who had six very corpulent daughters. When asked how many daughters he had, his answer was, about 84 cwt of girfs. Hundreds of our young doctors, it is rumored, are applying for positions as surgeons in the Turkish army. This is, indeed, help for Russia from an unexpected source. JOSH BILLINGS says—"It iZ hiley important that when a man makes up hiz miud tew be a raskel, he should [examine hizself closely, and see if he aint better konstructed for a phool." The Kingston Whig advertises as follows :—" Wanted, a police reporter who \rill leave out everybody's name from the police reports, and write paragraphs only which will please all classes of the community. Salary no object." TEETOTALER'S MOTTO.—Don't let your spirits go down. THE BUS THAT CROSSED THE OCEAN.— Columbus. A story is told of a shrewish Scotchwoman who tried to wean her husband from the public-house by employing her brother to act the ghost, and frighten John on his way home. " Wha are you Î" said the guidman, as the apparition rose ™ te him from behind a bush. "I am Aula Nick," was the reply. "Come awa', ® an >, said John, nothing daunted; gie s a shake o' your hand—I am married tae a sister o' yours." During a recent service at a country church the clerk left his deBk for the purpose of replenishing the fire. He black- «nea his hand in the operation without wiowmg lt and afterwards wiped it across \vL leavu i g a black mark behind. rP^ \\\ / e î urned t» his seat he had to •tan, ? v , er8e of the hymn, which & y , eil0 -! ugh commenced with "Beth wtle ft e8SOfmy fa . oe >" ca " Bin g the into Z L congregation to burst o tV^ghter ,' mucl1 to the astonishment a :z? 00t clerk > w h o afterwards received COMW te ÇF 00 î from the rector. Pou°ir°L ST ? PF ---Mr Bounderby, pom- 'Uh f'v i Wlth the intention of putting yes sJ ankee feUow " down-" Yes, sir; toade jL*. 0 ,» Be i in m e , a perfectly self "Ah T » Yankee fellow, coolly— your hoi^8 Wonde ring how to account for A t S ° allfired awkward." animalcur ate > enlightening a farmer upon his micr0B cheege savin a n d •vriggle'" «« • 0 °PBee e ththe em mint? iia w ell,?' said the farmer, cram- ^em i i i kto Lis mouth, "let can stand they canT'' ' as long aB 