CRICKET. j THE OVAL. Norwood t. HnnutABSB. The opening matches of the Booth Australian Crtrhfting Association wa played on Saturday, October 87, the contending teams beingNef 'wood v. Htndmarsh on tile 'Oval, andSoath ?Aflrtnidfi v. Booth Australians on the neutral ground. A gooa contest wasaxpecfed on the ?Oral, and as each Olub had beeit -rigorously and tndoBtrionBly.practiBiog^aittce the beginning of the seasoDj conridecableintBreet was manifested as* to *fhat enfold lie -he result of the matches. This interest was alao increased by the fact ^hatthese two were the first Clubs to meet last season, and the Norwoods were then defeated. -As a natural consequence of the interest taken in the match there was a large .attendance of from 500 to 600 present, including, we were .glad to observe, a rather larger proportion ?of the fair sex than is usually: present .at cricket matrhm. The Oval has been 'covered daring the recess with a top-dressing, Tesown, and the mower, and roller have been .?ever the ground pretty often. The pitch, %lthongh bompiag oM&tion;&lly;,' was in a fair condition, and with a few weeks' more rolling will be in splendid order. The out-field, although better than tost season, fe still a long way from perfection, but doubtless will improve as the season goes on. The weather during the early part of the afternoon was clear and fransbfey, with a hardly perceptible breese ; flaier on, however, the saa was -somewhat ob iseuted by clondsi The Norwood men were the first at the wickpte, Monsom and H. A. Gooden .going to the creases. . Uevan bowled from the southern end,' and the first ball he gave was . enough for Morooin— 1— 0— 0. H. A. Gooden was ikpoBen of fey a jgge^didia^ i at short leg , %-Shepherd after mating ».andj}iffea made 3, SerrH& then Jfaree -*$kets down for 15. J. E. Gooden and-Wt O» Whitridge got together iandjnii on ji bwtb nnfftfni.-it^fyfft for tbeNor wooSb, as before a separation was effected they had advanced the score to 33. King was bowi iag-ftonf fhe northern end, but, being #mnc Masful. was relieved-hy BoHsn, the new man. : K-ffhimtowlingi the captain was disposed of*»y «a smart catch by King at sheet sqaare leg, very j lew down, Whitridge played very stiffly at j :fir»tj and before -be bad succeeded. in sooting , 5 'gave an easy chance to Bevanat short slip.. rThat fielder did- not appear to be looking and ; the chance was missed, nmch to the regret of the Hutdmarah supporters. . Jarvfs also had a ^chance «f stamping him when he /stepped toat to bit a ball, but did not avail himwlfiaf . it. ^Afterwards Whitridge did not give the ghost of a chance, tint played a' good defensive inmngB. , -It seemed as if lie would carry h» bat oat,W after remaining till the last map was in he :skie£l -ene to Lo*e who safely negotiated it, : ?much to tine regratof neatly all present. He -mode 40, and to show how steadily he played, ' it is only necessary to mention that his score contained 3 threes, 6 twos, and 22 singles. Burnet, who played'* free innings, scored .17, . including 4 twos, was disposed of by a oatoh in ? the long field off a fine skying bit. Lacas ' -scored 10, including two splendid drives off Sevan, which went over the bowler's bead aad ?resulted in 3 rani each. Beeves ^made 3, ?and the other players. Dennesa, Garwood, «ad O. F. Whitridge, did not succeed in scoring. The innings closed for 97,. the Norwoods thus failing to reach their raual ecocb of ]a eeutnry or over. The bowl ing was frequently changed.. King, who did not take a wicket when bowling from the -northern end, went on at the other, and in the -first over from that end disposed of Lucas aad Denness in two successive balls. «nll»n occasionally bowled well, and got one wicket. ? Lowe went on for two overs, and Green for £oo^ the latter taking a wicket in his first . over. , Bevan, as usual, was successful in taking ? wicketB,but a good number of 'runs were made from his bowling. Jarvis took the wickets, and with the exceptioa of the mistake he made in ^otdBjKwfngofWhifridge.kept them well for i»p young a player. The netting of the- Hind- jmacsh team snowed that this department of the '^?ineliadnoVbeenovBdooked'by thetnin their practice. On Saturday a marked improvement was shown en their fielding of last eaaaon, par ticularly in their manner of throwing in to the wickets. The only miwtskn in fids respect was made by BevanTwho threw tlte hell at the wicket he was bowling-from, and Bussing it two xons were made fotttie overthrow. Shafrhanrt and Norman were the first to appear at the wickets for the Hmdmarah Blevea, Whitridge bowling from the southern and Giffenfrom the -northern end. In the first ever Shepherd-sent thebalTmtotfae hands of Burnet inf the long &M;, bat he let it drop agkia, and the ran was achieved, fiom after he failsdKto atop the. ball, bat in throwing it in knocked. down the mcfcei 3Biehatrajan,nowBver,wMin liis gnrnnd. 2f amuui. fooliaiily j^mJi**^ oat* to hit a balLKnn Whitrfflge, but missing it, Bern aess stumped himr Greenwent in, and stepped forward to hit awrfiier, keeping one loot oi Ad line instead of over it, t-ennesB took tbebaBs eff, and Mr. Oooper eaid ^oat.' Green was inclined to believe that Tw was in bii gnmnd, amd many ioihe pavilion expreased tiieouelror of titeeame opinion. BoBeh jtnned Shepherd, And Horcom tailing to secure a very hot one from Bullen, the two^batsmen raised the score from 6 to 20. Bullen, who only came to the ff%T. « ^dMrtJime ,ago. had jractMedJhtje fames with the ffindmarsh team, so hisBcore of 12 on Saturday, opposed to ^ie good bowling of the Norwoods, was a most creditable perfor mance. Shepherd «eand 10, Jams wasdis posedof in the same fr*ff?***i natiiin i ns Norman, and Sevan in the nam» mminw as Cteeen, four wxwets thus being ;fltnpidly tfarownaway by the battnen not keeping m Ui^ai' mr^imfla.- Bagshaw had «ne over from Lueas, in which he made Ab first foorer of the«ea«onbyannenit toleg.and another hit for 2. The last baU took his wicket. The innings dosed Car 48, or less than half flie «core of their opponents. Giffen was taken oft bowling after 10 ransnad feeen eooced off him, ^*nd Lucas went on, and got the good average -of fear wickets tor ie«ns. Whitoidge was more «accesBful, and got «ixwickefaTarja runs. The -fielding of fite Norwood team was a decided -contrast to ^eSmdmavBh team, especially at the beginning of -their «nmags. Burnet was one of the worst ^bunglers, and nearly all seemed to 'have * very 'hazy idea as to the wicket «ta»htch to IKrowftebalL They im proved a little -to ward* tiie end of the game. Denness,* although he succeeded in stumping fourmen, was not to be compared with Jatvii as a wicket-keeper. The Association umpires were XCessrs. S.Toms ana B. Oooper. Daring 'the progress of the game some members of the Norwood Club subscribed for a bat for the highest scorer on the Norwood side, aad this b^ wJJlbepresented to Whitridge. Those pre sentwere. very demonstrative ia tiieirxemarks orijtBe game as it proceeded, aad altiiough there' may ke some justification in applauding a piece.. oi. good play or disapproving of some bungling, rtbere is none for the remarks that were made as to tie decision of-the umpire. SaBJomedaretheBooM^— KOBWOOB. Captain, 3. K. Gooden. °S. Horcom, b.Bevan ... _. .„ ... 0 H. A. Gooden, c Shepherd, b. Bevan ... 9 G.-Giffen, b. Bevira .„ ? „. 3 TV. O. Whitridge, «. Lowe, b. Bevan. ? 40 J:*E. Gooden, e. King, b.Bullea ._ ... 8 T.T. Lucas, o.King ... ... ... ...10 D.C. Denness, b. King... ». — .„ 0 T: A. Beeves, b.Onen— ... ... ... $ H.C.Bnrnet,c. Green, b. Bevan .- ... 17 Mf.3. Garwood, b. Bevan ... .- .„ O C.F. Wnitridge, not out ? 0 Byes, 4; leg-bye, l-,Wides, 2 .„ . .„ 7 Tytal ... «. _ ^. ... y Bowling Analysis. ? Balls. Buns. Hans. Wkto. Wides. Sevan ... 113 34 4 6 8 King '... 54 S3 -8 it 0 Bullen ... 54 ^7 1 % ± Greea „.' S4 ~l0 1 1 ' ''' l' ~ Tiowe i?.~ U 6 DO 0 amaUBSs. - Captain— F. King. -C. Shepherd, c Sonet, b. Whitridge ... 16 W. Norniao, at. Denness,b. Whitridge ... 1 I G. Green, st Denness. b. Whitridge ... O W. Bullen, c. and b. Whitridge ? 12 A. H. Jarvis, st. Denness, b. Whitridge ... 3 F. King, c. J. E. Gooden, b. Lucas ? 4 J. Bevan, st. Denness, b. Whitridge ? 7 A. Barley, b. Lucas ... - ? 3 J. Chittleborougb, not out ? , ... 2 J. Lowe, b. Lucas ? 0 T. Bagshaw, b. Lucas ? 6 Total ... 4 ? 48 Bowling Analysis. Balls. Buns. Mdns. Wkts. W.O. Whitridge 84 22 4 6 Giffen ? 24 10 0 0 Lueas ? 60 16 3 4 