Teleg-ra-pliic. BEDTKB'S TELEQIUHS IO ASSOCIATED PIIESS. [BT SDBMARI-E TM.E0BAPI1.] THE VAR. CONTINUED SUCCESS OF THE TURKS. BOMBAY, August 31, 2.19 j>.m. THE Turkish forcea under Ifeheinet Ali ad- vanced from Eski Djuma and crossed the Cara Lorn River at Jaslar, and defeated the Russian» who were compelled to fall back from their POBÎ'. tions on that river. At the same time, the Turks advanced from Rasgrad on the lino of railway between Varna and Rustchuk, and encountered the Russians in force at Turlak. A severe en- gagement followed, which resulted in the defeat of the Russians, with the losj of two guns be. sides many killed and wounded. The Turkish army under Mehemet Ali ha« now assumed the offensive along the whole line. A terrible battle is imminent. BOMBAY, September 1. Telegraphic despatches from Mehemet Ali to the Porto, report a desperate battle with the Rug. sians, lasting throughout August 30, at Karahaa. aanber, on tho right of the Lorn River, which was repeatedly taken and retaken by the con- tending armies, the Turka finally retaining the positions. At the close of the day, the Russian» were compelled to retreat in great disorder, and were hotly pursued, and subsequently compelled to abandon Haidaratz, with the loss of 4000 men, and an immense quantity of camp equipage and booty. The Turkish loss amounted to 3000 killed and wounded. Blackall. [vam ona OWN CORRESPONDENT.! \- September 1. Kelman's twelve thousand sheep from Meteor Downs, for Carella, passed yesterday. Three hundred fat cattle from Bowen Downs passed to-day. The weather is very hot and very dry. Sydney. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS.] September 1. There was a large attendance at the races, in- cluding his Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson and party. There was great excitement over the Derby, which was run iu a light shower of rain. The Lusitania, s., cleared for London to-day with a large cargo and many passengers. Rain fell heavily at Forbes to-day. Sailed : Edina and Balclutha, steamers, for Brisbane. THE A. J. C. SPRING MEETING. HDHDLE RACE, sweep of 10 sovs. each, with 100 sovs. added ; about 2J¡.miles. Mr. Gritliu's br.g. Postman, 5 years, 11 st. ... 1 Hon. J. White's b.g. Goulburn, aged, 11 st. 4 lbs.2 Mr. G. Hill's b.g. Jack Spring, aged, 9 st. ... 3 Time : 5 mina. 5 Bees. TKI.IL STAKES, sweep of 5 sovs. each, -with 100 sovs. added ; 1¿ mile. Mr. G. Osborne's b.c. Crusader, 3 years ... 1 Sir H. Robiuson's b.c. Lorton, 3 years ... 2 Mr. Do Mestro's b.m. by Young Trumpeter Montana, 4 years . ... 3 Tim DEIIBV, sweep of 30 sovs. each ; certain forfeits ; 1J mile. Mr. Silverberg's br.c. Woodlands, 8 st. 10 lbB. 1 Hon. J. White's b.c. Chester, 8 st. 10 lbs. ... 2 Mr. A. Town's b.c. Cap-a-pie, 8 st. 10 lbs. ... $. Won by hilf a head, after a splendid race. Time : 2 mins. 49 sees. SPUIXQ STAKES, sweep 10 sovs. each, with 100 sovs. added ; 1£ mile. Mr. C. 13. Fisher's br.h. Robinson Crusoe, 4 yeais. . .1 Sir H. Robinson's b.f. Habeua, 3 years ... 2 Mr. J. Moore's b.c. Excelsior, 3 years ... 3 EPSOM HANDICAE, sweep 10 BOVB. each, with 100 sovs. added ; 1 mile. Mr. B. Richards' b.m. Eva, 4 years, 6 st. 3 lbs. 1 Mr. E. Readford's ch.f. Tyr'na, 3 years, 5 st. 10 lbs. .2 Mr. A. Loder's b.h. The Cardinal, 4 years, 7 at. 6 lbs.3 Tim : 1 min. 46 sees. A MEtTiNQ of the council of the National Association will be held to-day, at the offices of the association, at half-past two p.m., for the , consideration of general business. THE eutortainmeut advertised by the United States Minstrels to take place on Saturday last, at half-past two p.m., did not come off.. About a hundred little people paid their money, and, waited iu anxious expectation until three p.m., when they were informed that, in consequence or tho small abtaudanco, there would i be no performance. Of course, the youngsters were> much disappointed and their parents justly indignant. If* tho management wish, to retain* the goodwill,and support of the Brisbane public,, it will not be safe to repeat this kind of per- formance. That the money was returned at the doors is no justification ; there wa3-a clear breach of faith ou, the part of the management. It i» the first and, we trust, last time we shall have to chronicle such an event. TUE continuous clanging of the fire-bell on Saturday, night had the effect, of arousing the fears of no inconsiderable number of our citizens, the stïaetft being crowded with, if anything, rather a larger number of persons than UBUah As to (¡ho locality in which tie conflagration wa» ragiug,, beyond the fact of its being somowhere in, " Noitli Brisbane," no one aeoined to know any- thing, about it; but we aveutually discovered! that,, by some process not -»ery clearly defined, a. niimure heap in the garden at the back of the. Baali of New South "Wjales had taken ure, pro* baily by spontaneous combustion. The fire was quiokly extinguished ; but the fire-bell seemed determined to be inextinguishable, aud renewed its-doleful clangor from time to tisae. TIIK Waratah Cricket Club held their first annual general mooting at Adair's Australian Hotel on Friday night last. There was a largs» attendance, and MA J. H. M'Loau occupied tho chair. The report of the committee showed that the first eleven had played fourteen matches, of which BÍX were won, four lost, and four drawn ; and the second eleten bad played eight matches, fous- being won» three lost, and one drawn. The- trophies for be3t bittiag and bowl- ing average in the first eleven fall ta E. Banbury and John i\jtrie junior, respectively ; and in the second eleven to J. Lennon and James Petrie. John Pairie juuior]was re- electod]i>ocretary, and H. Banbury ,trea«urw, who, together with J. Morton, R. Cooper, and A. Hoghton, form a managing committee. The ballot fox a selection committee resultad in C. Thorne, E. Banbury, and A. Hoghton being eleetod. Six new mern» bera were elected. After a vote of thanks to tho chairman the meeting dispersed. THE projected football match between the Artillery and the Brisbane club, which was to have taken place on Saturday, in the Queen's Park, fell through in consequence of the non arrival of some of the players. In order that the afternoon's amusement might not fall I through entirely, a scratch match was got up by the players present, and a good game resulted. '"S^-^H has been appointed a place for J^blish.nent ?f a »»>*"££"*» Ivisiou» o£ tbe I_poi.ud.ng Act of 1863 IT is notified ¡u Saturday's Government Gazette LI 7 n writ had been issued uu.ler the great seal tua«11" ... ., _*__._" ..r ii... v~"n**. 1 toi Cal be rail Ca: hit me uai L. mu th. pa: fin ye. aU to in« ho in* bu co th la. or He »i as th co th Bli Tie colony, and with the advice of the Exec «-Council,discharging C. W.Maclean from the face and functions of a magistrate of the tern _rv of Queensland and its dependen oi«. I is notified iu Saturday's Gazette that a h.nch of tho Government Saviugs Bank has Zn established at Fortitude Valley. THE meeting of tho Cadet Corps, hellion Satur day evening for the purpose of making arrange menU to celebrate the first anniversary of its enrolment, was very numerously attended. Between fifty and sixty of the lads were present, also Major Snelling, and Lieutenants Macfarlane A Hobbs. After a few remarks from the officer commanding, in reference to the state of the corps during the past year and ita prospects, the desirability of celebrating its first anniversary by athletic sports in the Queen's Park, to be fol- lowed by a social gathering of the members and their friends in the evening, was resolved upon, and a committee of nine was appointed to carry ut the arrangements. The committee subse qtiently met, and fixed Saturday, September 22, i anniversary day ; and a capital programme of »ports in which all membors will be enabled to join, waa drawn up. Several friends of the movement have already promised presents ns r *t Tlio proceedings were carried out with graJ -spirit and unanimity, mid there is every projet of a pleasant day being spent. THERE was not a heavy charge sheet at the Police Court on Saturday, aud the Police Magistrate's labors in court wero restricted to fining ono drunkard, with the usual alternative in default of payment ¡-punishing Edward Eng- land for obscene language ¡and heariug a case of petty larceny, in which the accused, Joseph Edbrook, was charged with stealing a bottle of lollies from a shop in South Brisbane. He had been remanded from a pievious occasion, and was now sentenced to seven days' imprisonment T. G, Symon was also brought before the court, being apparently of unsound mind, aud was Bont to th« Lunatic Reception-house for treatment. THE "Streets of New Yolk" was presented for the last time on Saturday eveuing, to a fairly filled house. To-night the historical play of " Elizabeth " will be presented, and Mrs. Bates m 11 take a benefit. The s treugth of the com- pany has beeu iucreased lately, which will naturally add to the attractiveuess of the pieces presented. On Wednesday night Miss -Ada Ward will make her first appearance in Bris- bano. We understand that during her engage- ment tlio lovers of what is known as the legitimate drama will havo many opportunities of gratifying their taste, and the opening piece will probably inaugúrate a Shakspeariau Beasnu. THE programma of the United States Minstioís on Saturday evening was a repetition of that of the previous night, except in oue or two particu- lars where ft change waa rendered necessary through the inability of Mr. T. Campbell« through indisposition, to appear. Mr. Rocke- feller took his place in the " chair," and in place o£ Mr. Campbell's "Wandering Refugee," in tho Erst part of the programme, Mr. Braham Bang " Whon will you meet mo again, Norah ?" in a manner that fully compensated for any deficiency in the numerical strength of tho company. Again, in the secoud part of tho programme, in iteatl of the item allotted to Mr. Campbell, Mr-' Braham sang " Tho Death of Nelson " in his usual excellent style. The programme, on the whole, was a very good one, and met with a very hearty reception from the audience. This evening, it is announced, the performance will be in the presence of his Excellency the Gover- nor, Miss Kennedy, and suite ; and this, com- bined with the fact that a new programme is to bo offered, should Bitcceed in drawing a good house. THE monthly sittings of tho Petty DebU Court will bo held to-day, and there is a good list of cases to be dealt with, eight of these Btanding over from previous sittings. Tho rases which will probably be defended aro as follow :-J. Griffin v. II. Hocker, woik and labor, £2 ; C. Steinbach v. Thomas Elmes, money payable, £2 13a. Od. ; J. Ashdown v. Or. Troughtou, work and labor, £'2 1 -is. 2d. ; D. Scales v. W. A. Richards, goods sold, «C3 6s. 2d. ; J. M'Kenzie v. Thomas Strain, timber, £3 12s. ; J. VV. Sutton T. T. Whally, work done, £3 12s. 3d. ¡ W. MarltB v. W, Joyner, money payable, £3 18s. ; N. Corrigan -. W. L. Fowles, goods, £4 8s. lid. ; Margaret Leagher v. R. Oliver, damage to property, £3 ; J. L. Eccles v. A. M. Church, J. Silva, and J. Lewis, £S ; James Mann v. John Devenish, work and labor, £10 ; E. Gawthray v. J. Anderson, damage, £10; F. Smith v. A. M. Church, J. Silva, and J. Lewis, woik and labor, £10 10s, ; > . Marier v. C. Walters, illegal detention of pro- perty, £12 ; M. L. Raphael v. F. E. Hiscocks, services, £17 ; M'Kenzie and Strain v. Prothero, timber, £20 11B. 3d. ; P. O'Connor v. - Shear- ing, illegal detention, £28 Ils. Od. THE prospect of a railway line from Mary- borough to Gympie appears to have had the effect, to some extent at any rate, of rousing the dormant energies of those who hold tho lease of the antimouy country at Neardie. The Chronicle «lates that Messrs. Manuel and Floyd, miners, bave just arraugod with Messrs. Howard and Co. to work their antimony mine, the Golden Dart, on tributo; tho property adjoining the ¡Wie and Maryborough blocks. With railway owiage, and an abundant supply of Burrum coal, the Chronicle thinks these mines Bhould »oou be in a position to supply smelting furnaces. OUR Wairego correspondent, under date August 25, writes:-"The summer comes on »pace, and the want of rain is beginning to b« felt along the frontages, particularly on the War- rego, though water nnd grass are described M being abundant on the Paroo and Bulloo and everywhere elee in tho district back. Ruin has been threatening for the past week in the northern end of the district. Shearing will be later than usual this season on our large sheep »tationB. A mob of sheep, about 11,000, from Amby Downs, Mr. Echlin in charge, lately Passed down the Angelíalah, and aro now run- ning up the Warrego, fia Charleville, whence they return to Amby for shearing. 2500 heifers (larker and Ward's) passed up tho Bulloo lately Bemg to the Retre:,t station, Barcoo. 3000 °f Rouse's ettie, from neur Mudgee, »« on the Bulloo. They are travelling out west for country; 50CO head, same owner, jT be oufc iu two months time. A lot of cattle, t> started about seven weeks ago, from Com wongin station for Melbourne, 300, I heard, p A le£t Thargomindah about the same time, j AÎSLST fiv*WeeklaS°alot wera started from ' SÄ r iTtber iTom Morl»*. I «»not o -Ä.f ? '£ l,articula^ M to these. A lot si ¡o" - ,Vharlevllle, in route for Commongin y Jo'*_,eynWe,r0 P°«*«d for that station by . Joaeph Becker, of Bourke. There is a CSA'11;' J- Beid'8 «fa», on either ¿r Cr!l' ^ ^S^ hand«. and «.** ^:Ät^tcSemim'°i Mr- mtthT IT is quite possible that among the advantages to be derived by this colony from tho visit of the Canadian exhibitors to our late exhibition will be numbered a better mode of illumiuating our railway carriages. Mr. H. T. Smith, of Toronto, Canada, one of the most prominent of these ex- hibitors is also the patentee of au apparatus, by means of which gas may be used for the purpose named. Th¡B gentleman and his agent, Mr. J. L. Caatuer, are in Brisbane at present, and have made proposals for fitting up the carriages on the Southern and Western Railway with this patent. At the request of the Government, a first-class carriage of two compartments was yesterday supplied with gas in order to allow of au opinion being formed as to the probable results of adopting Mr. Smith's invention. In one compartment was the gas- holder, a cylinder of copper, capable of contain, ing 27 cubic feet of gas. This was filled, and a burner attached to one side of it ; auother pipe conveyed the gas out by the hole through which the lamps are ordinarily hung and down into the lamp holo of the next compartment. Hero an ordinary burner and globe were attached. The light given was very similar to that supplied by a gas-burner under ordinary circumstances, and, as may be supposed, was a vast improvement on the old oil lamps. The permanent apparatus consists of a receiver placed,under the seats of the carriage, entirely out of the way and out of sight. The burners can be placed either iu the usual petition in tho roof of the carriage or at the side as brackets, which latter would bo the more convenient method in the cage of the saloon cars, but in every instance the gas, under the sole ¿are of the guard, who controls it with u key, acting upon the whole of the burners in the car at the same momout: AB the receivers are iu each car, thore is no difficulty about coupling pipes from the different carriages. The receiver used for the purposes of this expe- riment was a portable one, of a kind commonly used in America for conveying gas for use on special occasions, ia private houses where gas is not laid on. The carriage fitted up for the pur- poses of this experiment was attached to the 6.30 train last evening, and the Hon. G. Thorn, Minister for Works, acoompanied by the Commis- sioner for Railways, the Traffic Manager, and the Chief Clerk in the Railway Commissioner's Office, rode in the carriage as far aa Oxley, for the pur- pose of judging the merits of the invention. The gas burned well, and gave great satisfaction to uU who saw it. The carriage wont on as far as Ipswich, with Mr. Smith and his agent and several of the officials named, returning in the down twin, which reached Brisbane lit half- past eight.o'clock. The two jets of gas burned the whole time, and there was about enough to hst another hour. Of course, it has not yet been decided whether to adopt tho invention on the Queensland lines or not, but wo learn that the expense of gas would be about the samo as that now incurred for oil, while the labor of filling and trimming the lamps would be dispensed with, and the light would be iucomp.uably better, as can easily be seen. The carnages can be fitted to carry enough gas to last for twelve or twenty-four hours. The New South Wales Government have almost completed arrange- ments with the inventor for the use of his patent on their lines, and it is already in use, we believe, on several of the railways in and around London. A MOVEMENT has been started in Warwick to establish a corpB of Volunteer cavalry. The proposal, as wo learn from the Examxnir, has met with cordial approval in the district, and a roll containing the signatures of ninety four intending members was forwarded to his Excellency Sir Arthur Kennedy for his approval and sanction about a fortnight ago. WITH regard to the progress of the waterworks at Warwick, tho Examiner of Saturday says : Mr. Highfield has paid a visit to the town during the past week, and, we are glad to report, has caused some progress td be made in reference to the laying of pipes, &Q.; Several men have been put on as day laborers, and tho opening up of the ground for the pipes commenced yesloulay morning on the north aide of the river, near the reservoir. The contract of Mr. luvenden has also been passed, the engineer expressing himself as highly satisfied with the way in which the work has been done. No tenders, however, have yet been called for lining the reservoir, and no ex- planation of this apparent delay is made. It was anticipated at first that all tho works would be finished and the water laid on the various parts of tho town by tho begiuniug of the coming summer. According to the present rate of pro- ceedings, many months must yet elapse before si'ch can be looked forward to. A GAÏNDAU correspondent of the Maryborough Chronicle giveB the following gloomy account of the state of affairs up-couutry :-The country is in a fearful Btate, cattle strewn about dead iu all directions. My journey was through Mount Debatable, Wigton, Mondure, Booubyjan, Boo- nara, aud B.m Bau, and It is really Lamentable to see the impoverished state of the stock from want of grass and water. WITH respect to the two ste.un hopper barges in couise of building at the Union Foundry, Maryborough, for the dredge Groper, we learn from the Chronicle that they will be ready for launching in about a month. The plating will be completed next week. The compartment for the silt is placed amidships, is 50 feet in length, and is spanned by a hage "bow beam," or girder, on which will run the gear for opening the trapdoors through which the silt is dis- charged. Behind this compartment is the engine-room; and tho foie part will contain accommodation for the officers and ciew. The draught of the vessel whsn fully laden is esti- mated at 9 feet, the diameter of the propelling screw being 8 feet. The sister barge, lately begun, is also making good progress, and will soon be ready to receive her boiler, which has just been landed on the wharf. FROM a gentleman who has recently been round the country in the neighborhood of Dalby, the Dalby Herald of the lot instant learns that the effects of the di ought are distressing in the extreme. On selections where lambing has taken place, the grass, where there is any, is of so dry a nature that it affords no nourishment for the ewes, and these failing in milk the lambB die. Native dogs, too, are unusually destructive ; on one selection at Irvingdale forty lambs were destroyed lately by these creatures in one night. The present rain will tend to do some good, and, should it continue for some days, may he the saving of the fortunes of many squatters and small selectors. THE works in connection with Messrs. Hayes' new flour mill (the VTarwklc Examiner Bays) aro progressing favorably, and all will be completed and ready for opening on the ist November next, in time for the coming wheat harvest. The mill has been named the " Queensland Mill," and is to be fitted in every part with the latest improved machinery which can he ob- tained. The engine ia of 20 h.p., but will work up to a higher capacity if required. Messrs. Hayes have had long experience, in the other colonies in the gristing trade, and " therefore are well acquainted with all branches of it. A SEMODS accident through the careless use of firearms, is reported by the Border Post to have happened on Sunday, the 26th ultimo, to a man named Dinee, in the employ of Mr. Upjohn, watchmaker. It appears that Dines, baring placed the cartridge in a small pocket pistol, the property of Mr. Upjohn, was endeavoring to discover the modus optrandi of the intricate little weapon, 'when it exploded, and the ball passed clean through the palm of his hand, and through the window, lodging in the outer wooden shutter. It is a miracle the muzzle was not pointed towards his body, otherwise the result would in all probability have proved fatal. Fortunately the bullet passed through without injuring the bones of the hand, and the wound is less serious in consequence. AMONGST SO many objects of interest at the exhibition it may appeir nmdious to award the palm of excellence to any individual exhibit Yot we have been so struck with the vast utility of one machine we saw m operation that we cannot refrain from a laudatory notice It s name is a secret to us, but we should imagine it would be fitly designated a Blowomctcr Its object is to test any individual B power of blow In a country where the art of blowing is so ex tensively cultivated,and plays so important a part in public affairs is well as in private intercourse( we cannot wdl imagine a »nore useful uisti iiuient than the one we are noticing A small glass tube is put to the mouth of the patient on trial, through which he blows, and a dome, as of a miuiaturo gasometer, slowly rises, whose elevation is urn kid bj a small brass mde\ finger running up a graduated column on the left hand When the patient can blow no longer the index remains stationary, and the scientific gentlem-iu ni attendance (who is also the proprietor of tho instrument) gi\es the reading, and recen is his fee of threepence It will be seen it once the great issues that may depend upon this judicious expenditure of so trilling a sum in a couutry where talk is of so much more value than " do ' With the ready puception of geuui«, we rushed to the Pro- fessor, demanded tho mouthpiece, and blew some Slowly, watched by au admiring ciowd, the index finger rose.mouutiug amidst a murmur of applause to 200, 250, 260, 270, and then with a sigh of exhaustion we coufcss«d to the lauda tory Professor wo could do no more As we relinquished the tube, the lion Minister for Works Btept for« aid Pi ide is not a \ ice of the hou gentleman s, and he was greeted vocifirously He commenced blowiug, 2o0, 2S0, 300, waa reached, and the look of bland cungr itul itiou on the Professor s face changed to one of anxious disquiet as the mdix rai idly renhid its limit At length it attained its topmost figure, and the lion gentleman 8 .ütitudo of blow hid evidently not been attained He continued blowiug The instrument vus extended to its utmost capacity There was a dull nunile, then i sort of queru lous upheaval, and off flew the roof of the gas ouicter "For he ivens s ike, Su, stop I cued the agitated proprietor, " If j ou blow another gasp the ippiratus will be in bits T couldu t hue believed it 'ion are the biggest blower I h ive met ni twenty fiv c j e ire experience ' - "Speei lhties, iu the Queenslandei MINING affurs (sijs the Bolder Poit of the 31st ultimo) assume a brighter aspect this week Two days steady run, with e\erj appearance of continuance MiuerB horieful, though dubious still Such is about the Btate of allurs So protracted has been the direful drought, yet so tatitahsiug the atmospheric ehaugoB, that their powers of endurance hnve I (¡eu taxed to au extent ilinost beyond the influence of hope, and it cannot be wondered that e\ en now they en- tertain serious doubts ibout the result It l8 most sincerely to be hoped, howevci, thit this time theio m ly be no disapp nntmeiit The horizontal cngiue, working tho Government exhibits at the lato exhibition in Brisbane, exhibited by Messis Smellie and Co (an eu graving of which appeals in the last issue of the Queenslander), has been purchased by Mr Dyson Aplin, for working a centrifugal pump, on Ina mine, at the Severn Uiver ACCOUNTS from the Pikedale i eefs (the Border Post remarks) lucreoso in cheerfulness A miner from the field informs us that the population is gradually increasing, and Be\eral new diBcovenes have been made BIHCO our last report The result of the trial crushing from the lhse and Shine reef is "12 ozs 11 dwta to the ton" This is certainly not nearly in accord with their expectations, but if the parcel was not " picked stone," and we are infoi med it was not, then the reef may be fairly presumed payable witu the ordinary crushing appliances "THE Chinese camp at Ballal at on Fnday night,' relates the Star, " resembled a vast beehive more than anything else, for it was crowded from dusk until dawn by larrikins, Cbinese, and sight seers-male aud female The annual ceremony of providing food, raiment, and firing for the souls of thoso Chinese who have died by violence or accident was performed, a priest coming from Dunolly to officiate About ¿30 waB collected to pay expenses, and was laid out in firewood, food, and paper patterns of clothing At dusk a large file was lit in tho open air, and tom toms, kettle di urns, and iced pipos used, to produce an ear splitting chorus Ibis music, unearthly, though not very spn ltual, was kept up until midnight to attract the attention of tho spirits foi whose benefit the good things wero provided Spirit etiquetto seems to be the same all tho woild over, lud it is not ' the thing foi e\ en Chinese ghosts to walk before midnight At that witching hour gin und wmo wero spilt upon the earth, mid diBhes wherein rue, fowls, fruit, vegetables, and pudding formed au olia jtoduda were pi iced round the fire When the spirits wero supposed to have eaten enough to last them foi another twelvemonth,andw ii med themselves thoroughly, the paper clothes were burnt amid m my qu nut ceremonies The food was thou distributed among the paupers of the c imp, a troup of the loathsome lepers from near the i lUo butts, who had crawled to the ceremony, getting a fowl to themselves Rrri'itniso to Mr 1 bonus Ilrassey's account of Ina yacht yoyage round the world, the Pall Mall Gazette says -" Hie expedition, ho holds, is in some respects unprecedented, a circumnavigation of 35,400 miles having been accomplished in 40 weeks, from which must bo deducted 10 weeks .pent in harbor Mr Brassey concludes bia do Bcnption with a few pnietic ii observations lu the first place, he says, his comprehensive and varied cruise has strengthened his former convie tiona that the disasters due to negligence bear a large proportion to the number of inevitable losse» Every co ist » d ingerous to the careless commander , I ut there are no frequented seas where, with the exireise of caution and reason- able skill, the dangers cinuot be avoided Secondly, he submits that in these days of lamentation over the degeneracy of the British Beaman, his experience may be accepted a» a contribution to the miss of evidence on this vexed question He was not, he Bays, sur- rounded by Buch smart Bcainen as eau only be fouud on a man of wai, but he has no ground for general or serious complaint Many of hi» crew did their dut} most faithfully In emer- gencies everybody rose to the occasion, and did best when his skill or endurance was most severely tried ' It is always, Mr Brassey adds, ' m stormy w eather that the go id qualities of the British seaman are displayed to the greatest advantage The difficulty is to keep up his interest and energiea in long intervals of fine weather, when nothing occurs to rouse him to an effort, and the faculties of the Beaman before the mast, no less than tho3e of his officer, are be numbed by the monotony and isolation from minkind, which are the gravest drawbacks of a sailor B life It is in these dull moments that men are tempted to dnnk and quarrel, that olliceis become tyraumcal and their crews in subordinate, or even mutinous ' 