THE LOVE LETTEEL5 They had been boaidirTefiESP the farm, Jane - Heth and Annie Conyers j and all that antnmn Mr. Craig had been firinng arid shooting in' tne vicmicy, ana making the farm, whioh was renowned for its good: fate, his headquarters; Mr. - Craig: was . a handsome and dashing "young widows, and Jane Heth' had made ' np'hfi mind that to be Mrs. Ctaig was her1 destiny. Indeed, it might have- been, for perse verance can accomplish wondera; had' not Annie Conyers brdnght her1 trunks, her crocheting; - her 1 sketch-book, and" her bine parasol to the - form for the summer; ='' .. - Annie was not prettier, nor yonnger, nor better dressed, nor more accom plished than 'Jane ; ' but sun loves' one woman ;and does not love another; land who ' can explain why j ' Amongst those hills and ou that lake, the Colpnel : gave his heart to little Annie; and she gave here to him. " 1 . But on the day th&t; caUed him home, nothing had been -said that could have 1 been constructed into an engagement;, hat he had asked -if he might write to her, and she said u Yes," and Jane; had - heard the. request and the permission. Three . days had passed since the Colonel's . departure, ' and . one morning Jane stood leaning over the gate, .when a waggon throve up "the tbad1 -And! stopped by ride it a moment. From; beneath its covers peeped 'the' White' head of an old former. ' Good evenin, miss," said he " Pve been to the post-office, . and they srid there was letters ' for Wilton's folks, 'and I fetched 'em over. ; Aint got my' -glasses with me, so I don't know Who they're writ to, but you can see. All' well 1 That's right. Good evening." Aud away he drove; leaving Jane; with two letters in her hand, one for herself; and one for Annie Conyers' from Mr. Craig. "And am I to pve it to' her," . mattered Jane, between her teeth— "L" : . ' ' And then, with an impulse ' which seemed fo her unconquerable, she hurried away towards a wood, hiding" both letters in her pocket ' At least she wonld delay her rival's happinres ; she would not cany it "to her at once. Then alone in " the green shadow she' took the letter' from her pocket, and- looked long and curiously at the super- scription. Yes, it was from Craig, and what had he said ? Could she but read what he had written, she would know. . She fook a pin from her dress and drew : it: along foe edge of the ' envelope. It - opened a little space, bnt the rest clang 1 as closely as before. Impatient at this . she forgot all prudence and drew - the pin across the paper with a Sudden : push. It cut its way through, and now the mischief was dona Jane's heart beat hard and fast' with terror, but she had gone too far - to stop. "T shall know foe troth," she said; "and letters are always being lost in these country post offices ; ; Fil read it; since I've torn it'r : Then die polled away the envelope, spread - foe sheet of paper/on her knee, and read foe follow ing Wbrds. : - " Dea r Miss Conyers : —It seems odd that a man of thirty should be : afraid to stand free to face "with a girl- of 1 twenty, and tell her that he loved her ; bnt I could not summon courage fo do so, nor to ask foe question that follows each a confession. So, far from yon, I commit my hopes to tbis paper,- and baring in plain words said I love you, - ask -in plainer words still-1 — Do you love me enongh fo be my wife 1 If you do, i write to me at once, I pray, and make! me the happiest man on earth by telling1 me so. If yon do not, then pain neither! of us by a refusal ; simply leave my; letter unanswered. I. can better bearj it " so. But I shall pray for foe letter, | for I love, yon better than my life.— 1 Hah&y; Craig." - ; Jane drew a deep breath. ' "Ho it has gone as far as this," ehej said.' " What, fools men' hfo I -She: will be glad enough to say " yes,J' bnt if 'I; should destroy -this bit Of piper he; .would never ' know it, and' then1 — well) then he would do his best fo fill her place. Men's hearts never break, and I should meet him in foe city this; winter, and there is no one whom J know suits me better. That old man; who gave me the lettercould not readfoe, address. There can be no inquiries made. It would be-safe to' destroy it, dangerous not to do so now, even if I wanted Annie to read-it" Then Jane tore foe letter in -two,, thrust 'it into its envelope, and looked about her. It' would he -dangerous to tear it to bits in foe"- wood. Its - White fragments might 'attract some '1 eye amongst foe greenness of foe egress. Jane harried tb foe water ride, "- Wad looking over her phoulder as one might who expected to tee a' ghost; tossed the little package' in:', Tt'felFwifo the closed ride downward, andffiriended By the torn note which was roughly1 thrust lhte it; The surface was hard and highly finished, and shaped so' as to Terist foe water. A little breeze that -had jrist sprang up favoDfodit,andawayitflo!ded, like a little boat, ' deftly -hlearingfoe foore. and taking hud taming: as 'St passed the dark half-hidden breasts'of .foe little rocks oyer which foe <water played. ' " ' ; - -: 1 ' Ini ; '-"Goodbye," said1 Jane laughingiM foe watched it '-"I have set a vessel, freighted' 1 'with- foe ' hopes 'of ,'Hjury Crrig, afloat ih fine style. I sm afraid it 'will make Shipwreck, bht ail ifoe better for' fome one else It's an ill wind that blows ho ODe any goodL" , > -'. 1 And fuming foe tripped towards-foe 1 hottse,1' " "-1 . " Ai this moment; further along foe stream, where, in a little cove, lay1 hidden; a great tangle of water lilies,' Annie :Cbnyera sat in a' rough 'little boat, rowed, by Mrs. Wilton's son, 1 a 1 ahock-headed ' -boy of- 'twelve. ': Tattle' Fanny Wilton sat ' beside hefpand foe: two girls'drew- up foe' ' dark- green' stems of foe great beautiful .'wlute| flowers. 'J' ' .. 1 ' "If one could bhty cany them fo' the city," . said Annie ; " bnt foey always die. , How greedy, I am, I can- never' get enough. Bnt ive'll leave foe buds1 until they open— and1 foere comes' one down foe stream' to is Irit's ' ffy itio crich.it, Fetear." ' .. Petei; in .pbediente to the, mandate,: rowed. Ma ' lxrit out "ini foe deer jvater, .and Anhie leaned oiref foe .ride1 .with ber band outstrelfoed tb tatfo; what foe ' "Pshaw I" she cried, jwifo a langh, as it came nearer, " it's n'ofoihgtint joper l' j3ut it seeni6 be dqdring mbl ' I'll! 'catch ii; 'whatevri: it fohte wbrds her white fingers oted on1 an envriope; not yet soaked through. fodvrifoinvforfoytoHLfodmriBhed,"" paper still dry. " Why, it has my name on the baric 1" cried ' ' Annia"""T"never -. destroy ' "a" -letter when I am away ; from . home." Then her free changed, and foe children sawher pale and flashed as she pieced foe. torn lettef tpgefoer , and ..read it through. : She was a ; wisp . little woman, .and kept foe matter fo. heraelf, bnt, Fannier did not . -. ... " Wasn't it friiiny, ma JP. she tried. " Miss .Annie found .one of hfo letters, floating down foe stream,; jost like a bpat, when we .were , .getting water lilies." v . , . " Oh T' cried ' Mrs..- ."Wilfon, .for at this moment foe teacnp Jane had lifted, to her lips, dropped from , her hand and dariied to piecesion the floor: . "How careless of me !"ioied Jana "Hope yon. haven't spoilt your dress I" said Mrs. Wilton .; .but; as; Jane lifted her. crimson face fcom iks frag ments of ,foe broken cop,, foe met Annie Conyera's eyes. t. ..... Women sometimes talk to each other with their eyes ; 'two did then- . j, " She never told Cirig, and she. sent Miss Hqth an -invitation to her ^wed ding, which .mibs. -Hath, with many re-, grets, declined. -lV ;,j Ko hore Watrrloggkd Shifs. — An apparatus is in coarse tof trial at ; Ports mouth dockyata . under the authority -.of the Admiralty, which; if ;it had been used fifteen months ago, might 'have saved foe Vanguard. It is 'foe invention of a Herr Frindmann, of Vienna, , and- consists. of a saction filter, to be Irid -on the, keel plate \- of a vessel, and connected by a pipe with foe boilers, hariug a large discharge pipe at the ofoerride of foe ship, foe. month of it, .befog above foe water-line. .: .By turning a tap foe steam from foe boilers is adqiittedjto foe filter, and blows frfoire it foe liilgewater therein accumulated out of foe discharge pipe. The. plan is as rimple as it .appears . effective, and it ,is exceedingly, economical. One of foe largest rize yet made, is capable of blow- fog ,ont 300 tons of water, per hodr, costa only £160,. exclusive, . ot. ponrse, of , foe fittings and the expenBes. of the pipes, which mUBt vary in each case. .Roughly speaking, foe Nelson or foe Northern p- ton.rould.be fitted with one apparafos complete for some £300, and.three such filters wonld "'relieve a ..ship fo case' of necMaity, and so long as the steam lasted, of xiearly. JOQO tons' of. water, per hour. The difficulty, po doubt, inll prove to be a sufficient supply pf jsteam in caM. bf emergency .; bnt in" the case of !the Van- guafd, hkd shebeen relieriid at foie rate of foe water' that rushed in forongfr -foe hole made fry foe' rani' of foe 'Iron 'Dnke; she 'might hiive:beeh kept afloat till ' ehe had been ruh ashbre. lt will be observed that there is no question of connecting pumps and foe'Rke, .foe taming' tof one, two; or three tops is aU foat is required. But aprit from the salyatibn of a ' ship in "disb foe'ejeribr' as foe npp&- ratus is sfyled; ajipeais well calcSUted ; to iio With little' or' no ,1ronble-all the ; work 'of ordinaiy pumping. The Adird- > rrify experiments for some'' little time 1 will be directed tio foe question of supply of steatn to" theT" " ej rotor," add if ' that point issatiifactotily settled, theapparatus will -be adopted in the naVy, and fitted fry : degrees to all ' menof-war; including, steam launches. ' ' ' ' . 1 Oh Geologists are "coming to foe' conclusion that the age of foe earth has been greatly overestimated; that foe changes of surface formation and life have been going cm for ' a much shorter1 period than foe 300 million years gener ally accepted a short time ago. to foe first place,. foe rate at which the earth" is throwing off heat shows' that ten million years ago the surfabe was just beginning to consolidate In foe second ' place, it' has lately been discovered thafr owing to foe friction tof foe' tides, foe earth's! rota-: ''tion is retarded twenty-two ,'tecoods' in h century, and 'that' if it had! been :rotating for. more forii'trii- milliq'n'yearB'it wonld!. be mote flattened at the'poles than it ' is. In the third place, taking foe generrily accepted foeory offoesbhrtoe of the sun's , heat— that it is prodhced 'by cdndensa-1 tion— it Is : shown that; at foe present rate of radiation, it ' cannot "have befo throwing' off-beat' more' thah seventy million years ; bnt; is" tins shows the time when the solar mass began to <con- dense, the earih ' iniiBt have had a sepa rate existence .'after foat period. The conclusion is ihat geologic changes tof the earth's stafaro" bare, hot been going oh more fokn' twenty mniion years. — 1 Popular Science if ordthly.- A ToHCHlHG 'S1ASt.-&e; waB a eeedy-i looking indiridnri and;as he stood hpop the corner gaj&g-; wistfully at the dis: appearing.foraStofr a ''newsboy who had just picked '-wrod-Mzedstn'mp' and was' maKngm-wirofo'pHze,1 there was a vague aKt tof'dpair 'in his httitute : which wte'tay-touching. Perhaps it ;was |.his vfolrii&liictedtiieattentioh;'of a "huld- loofi%prityrifro !wte pasfingby;and pfriripsIt'fowteriMhgirise; 'but how4 ever thifl-may 'be, foe dffld-lo'toking party sttoppefoia frafingfrt thesolitaiyfigirre; iddriied :it foheTjf Old manwouldn't you' like to baVe a drink this" inornihg ?" " Yon've read' me fus accurately asfoough myogghts'iere frrinted on an open .ppge," ' Jreplied the Jfeq!itaiy; takii hia qtoid frpm'tos mtoiith -"and passnig a di- lapidatFctratrirere -over hii lips.1 I -foopghtrBO?,r mnrinnred foe hnld-lootihg party, while a '-ieartridded -down' -his -cherir ; "birt' eohquer foe dtefre! " Sight it 'jss qioii' trefuld ilion frf deyflsi'for dimk 'has jfrindfrnmy!a m5m'who bid a ; friore'e3ri>anrire fdrehriifi than Arid foen'ifoe: mild-lookingJ party ' 'conL rinhedtoh his- way,=su»d foe toriitary gazed dreahiHy irito topace 'and oommnned- with himBelfr"'1 ":->_-5":1'-»<i1)V (. | " ' 1 ' 'AiCtoRE :foh Bifrbfr 'bught.— A cor- reqitoiidetot writes- to'the ,®enifro Adver tiser r'Tncricean/rortraiA'frb'mlatfe ihsue tof =y6u'-papfr, in itojUy1 XfatirUTp stating1 font; a:gr&'"many epple16i yonp Districts are foffenahg-firoffi'foM- bfrit. ittoigive yon ! a ithntedy -'foe effects, of wfiich are rerily magical'lDis- toblre balf'iro' onhce >ttf 'JEpTOni'lite in fralf to ;pint,:bf Vrater, ''bbBfoe TSyei; wd Of threhrimea &<dy.ti aijE' -Ifrrititiiik; JJ'firagreeib!e' 'fori-hsforelyohfoefrlllMfolfriw, IS gratification fo tne." All One Woorti-i9Sf»S iajiaibtofytnf -la dfalogne betweenqtypfifroriaiidiitotfo- xneu;- a' drmer:-ahd a iitadesnum,il 3hg' qntetipoTL rito-V i:: " free -SI'-tRKlHia-ai e.-.f-'t-liigi1/- 