SHADOWS OX THE SNOW: ? A CHRISTMAS STORY. '?» - ,.?!??, Bv B. L. Fahjeo.v, ' '?? . ? ? Author of Mi.ahk-o'-Gijass,- Gmr, Joshua .MaBVKL, TllK Dt'C'llESS OF ROSEMARY Lake, As Island; Peaki*, &c.; ? ?'art III.— CnmsTMAs Again- at.Wahi.eY' combe. There was oertaiiuy something very ex. traordinary the matter with little Doctor. Bax. Bo had been called away from the lonso Borne time since, and having been ab ont for nearly an hour, had just returned ; and when Laura, who, struggling to forgot her sorrow, was playing forfeits Tvith the young people, rnisod her eyes, she obBerved him regarding her in the strangest and most inexplicable manner. Tho moment their eyes met, he turned his away ; but presently he was looking at her again, and so strangely tha,t she could not avoid asking if anything ailed him. ? ' No, my dear,' he replied, with singular eagerness, 'there is nothing the,matter with me. What should be tho matter with me, you little puss, oli V ' . - . . .*? I don't know,' said Laura ; 'but yon look as if — —' ? ' Yes; my dear, as if — -' ' Am it' you had seen a ghost.' 'Ha! ha !' exclaimed the doctor, laugh ing so loudly that all eyes were turned upon him immediately. ? 'That's as good n thing ?i I've heard for years. A ghost! What do yoath'mk, Mr. Hdrrild ? Do 1 look to you ?a if 1 had seen a ghost ?' ',_?? I don't believe in ghosts,' replied Eeu. ban Harrild, smiling. ?''Hs !' said Dr. Bax, taking Laura's hand; and patting it gently. ' You don't believe in ghosts ! Now, that's singular. I do ;? I. see them often.' ,'.I.beg your pardon,' said Mr. Wymer, ?taring hard at the little doctor. 'I hope there is nothing wrong here,' Touching his forehead. ' Not at all, I say again, I am a be liever, in ghosts. I never pass a ohurchyard at night without seeing a hundred of them, dodging round the tombstones. I do be libve'that if 1 went outside the house at this moment I should pop upon a ghost; or a gjiost would pop upon me, to a certainty. ' I am pop-sure I could raise one.' i 'Mayl venture toask,' saidMr.Wymor, with' a glance at his partners which~im plied, Be prepared to receive evidence ; some thing, may come of this, ' wh.it kind of a gljoat you would raise ; for there are varie ties, I suppose.' ?'Oh, yes,' said Doctor Bax, with a chuckle, 'there are varieties. The ghost jocular and thp ghost dejeoted ; the dolesome and the sprightly ; the sober and the rakish.' ? 'I beg your pardon,' said Mr. Wymnr, idniewhnt scandalised at this levity. ' Beg. away, my doar sir j I am in the humor to forgive anything. But to please you.I will be more serious.' Ho led hin friends to tho window. ?' '1 am a creaturb of impulse, my dear Mr. Wynier; ono moment I am gay, the next I am sad.' ? 'Sanguineous temperament,' murmured the lawyer. ' Precisely so. Therefore I will. not ask you, nor you, friend flarrild, nor you, my dear Laura, to excuse the changeful vapors of, my .varying, mood. That Bounds rather poetic, Mr. Wymer.' :'I cannot say. Poetry does not como within tho legitimate scope ot my duties.' ' You are mistaken, sir ; your life con tains much poetry. But, aa 1 was saying, I will not ask you to excuse me for wandering to a personal experience — an episode in our family history. My father — it 13 forty years since he died — had a brother, Frank, from whom, ' years before his death, ha parted in anger, and whom he' never saw again. Upon his death bed' tlie thought of that brother troubled him greatly. 1 was not very old at the, time, but 1 remember well his words. ' If 1\. could but see Krank ! ' he murmured ; 'we have had so many happy days to gether. We slept together, and went to school together. He loved me, I am sure. If 1 could but see.my brother Frank '.' And he. turned to me, and bade me solemnly never to - nurse anger against mortal man. 'Your uncle and' I quarrelled,' ho said, ' and parted with unforgiving words. If I could see him now, and press his hand, and exchange a loving word, I should die happy.' 1\. have never ? forgotten his words, and through all my life I have never let the sun go dOwn upon my wrath.'. '.Doctor Bax .still held Laura's hand, and did not appear to heed the curiouslyin quiring look Reuben Harrild cast npon him. ' There are mysteries and miseries in all families,1' the doctor continued. ' It is wonderful the suffering man inflicts upon himself. Reuben, you had a son ? '. : Laura held her breath. ? ' Yes, I had a son,' said Reuben, gently. ' Go on, doctor.' !,'A son whom you have not seen for years. You parted from him in anger,', pursued Doctor Bax. ' He went abroad. What if he should be dead ? ' ? ' No, no, Doctor Bax !' cried Laura. ' Do not say that ! For mercy's sake, do not say that !' . 'What if he, should be dead?' said Doctor Bax firmly. ' What if he should have died, unforgiven. If it were so, Reubeu, would you not give all you possess to be able to take him once more to your heart, as you used to do in the old days, when he was aourly-headed boy ?' ' ' I would, Heaven help me.' ' 'Dear friend, give me your hand. Laura, your brother was here last Christmas, was he not ?' -?' Yes,' sighed Laura, ' he was here.' 'And from this window you saw his sha'dow on the siinw,' said Doctor Bax, waving his handkerchief across the window. , 'I did.' From this window I saw his shadow on the - snow, and knew that it was he. Look, doctor, look !' Laura gasped, for at this moment the shadow of a man darkened' the show-plain without. , 'Keep up your courage, Laura. Do not tremble so, -my dear. .Reuben Harrild, if that were your son — if he were to come to ask liia father's pardon for a fault committed in ''»'. moment of rashness, and deeply re peated of — if rescued almost miraculously, from a ' dreadful ' death/ he should have travelled back over stormy seas to the home of 'his youth, humble, contrite, purified—' ' 'It is he — my Arthur !' cried Reuben Harrild, as the. shadow advanced. 'lam very, vary thankful. Dear friend, you have mado me your debtor for life. Come,1 Laura, let us welcome your' brother. ' 'pponmy word,' said little Doctor Bax, aa Laura and her father left the room,' this promises to be tho most glorious Christmas Eve in my remembrance.' la his excited state, a desperate step was' clearly necessary. There were two musi cians present— a pianist and a fiddler. - Giv ing them a hurried order, Dr. Bax capered up to Miss Wymer, and asked for the honor of her hand for ' a quadrille. Miss Wymer solemnly rose, and granted it to him, and in a moment, buf ore anybody knew, how it all came, about; everybody paired off, seta were formed, and a .general quadrille com menced — a ? joyous and riotous quadrille. Those who couldn't dance in the room danced in thejasBages ; those; who 'couldn't dance in the middle of . the floor danced .in i cooks and' corners ; the very kitchen was invaded. And.eveiy figure was encored by'tho little doctor, 'and idanced twice over. In his set were Miss Wymer and, himself, tops; Mr. Wymer andMrs. Kamage, bottoms ; Mr. Woy and a very little girl in a blue sash, and Mr., Bamage and a pretty young lady, sides. To ?ay that everybody enjoyed the dance' hi to lay little. As for Doctor Bax and '-? Miss .Wymer, the simple word Flirtation \ conveys no idea of their goings on. Th« familiar, not to say profligate, way in which the Doctor clasped the Spinster's waist, and kept it there unnecessarily while the sides were performing their ligures, sbo not ob jccliug, but seeming to enjoy it, was a sight not to bo forgotten. Sure such another quadrille was never danced before. It came too soon to an end— that was the general opinion. When it was ovor, Mr. Wymer offered his bony fingers to Doctor Bax, and they shook hands cordially. '1 beg your pardon, Mr. Wymer,' said the doctor. 'Your opinion about ghosts, now?' ' ' Doctor Bax,' replied Mr. Wymer, with nn expression which made his face look abso lutely young, ' allow mo to Bay that every member oC our fitm is proud of your friend, ship. You aro a most wonderful man, sir.'' 'You're another!' cried Doctor Bax, poking Mr. Wymer in the ribs. Laura was weeping on her brother's breast, while Reuben stood close, holding his son's hand. ' Dear sister,' said Arthur, ' but for your sweet counsel this happy reunion might never havo been. Do not weep, Laura ; there is a great blessing in store for you.' ? : 'Arthur,' she cried, stretching forth her trembling arms, ' you did not como home' ntono?' ' , ' Ho ; a friend accompanied mo whom I have learned to love — a friend who, on the long voyage home, spoke and thought, of nothing but the wrong ho had inflicted upon the girl of his heart. Ho saved my ' life, dear'; but for him I should have perishod in the wilds ; and he bns come with me to ask your forgiveness. You will forgive him, will you not? He loves you perfectly, Laura, and has been very im happy. Thank God ! thank God ! this mo ment recompenses for all.' ' At her feet knelt William Fairlield ! She raised him to her breast, and on that blessed Christmas Eve, under the solemn splendor of the star-lit heavens, the lovers were re united, never more to part in life. It was later than usual before the Christ mas party broke up. A happier company had certainly never assembled within four walls. There was gladness around all ; and' every one appeared to have grown suddenly younger. Even Stephen Winkworth's coun tenance wore a satisfied expression ; and much to the astonishment of the guests, he was observed to smile upon two distinct oc casions. 'Where is your skeleton now, Dootor Brx ?' asked .Laura, as she, William and Alice stood by his sido ; ' the skeleton you - wore grumbling at last year ? ' 'Gone, my dear,' replied the good doo tor gaily ; 'hiding somewhere that I may not get at him. Ah, William ! before you Bleep to-night, fall upon your knees, and thank God for tha good He has bestowed upon you ! As for you, my dear, if I -were not an old man, I would run away with you, willv-nilly, and marry you to-morrow. But X3 it is, 1 suppose) we must pake the best of jur lots, and go on in thq same humdrum way as ever. Stephen Winkworth,' he said,1 us Stephen approached, ' will you let Wil liam have back his farm ?' ' Yes,' said Stephen, with a tremor in his voice as his daughter kissed his hand ; 'M, tiave been wanting to offer it back, but I did not know how to do it.' . '? 'Theu everything is settled,' said Doctor Bax : 'and, excepting that we are all very much happier, this Christmas might be lost Christmas, and the your, that lias paused might have been a mistake. A mistake, however,' he added gently, 'which will not, lot us hope, be sot down to our disad-. vantage when our life's account is balanced in the ledger of old Father Time.' , His dog-cart was at the door, ready to take him ou his regular ' Christmas visits to his poor friends. How ho got into his over coat is a mystery,' for i everybody at once i;riod to assist hint on with it, and the result wus laughing confusion. Laura's fair hands tied his cravat round his throat, and Laura's lips were pressed to his cheek. A most inexplicable hush fell upon tho guests, who were all hatted and cloaked and bemultled, and who yet made no atir to leave. Mr. Wymer looked at Dootor Bax, and fidgeted in the strangest manner — which brought soft twinl;lc3 iuto the doctor's eyes. 'I beg your pardon,' said the lawyer nervously, ' have you not iorgottfen some^ thing ?', V Possibly, possibly, my dear sir. Can you give it a name '!' ' ' Your bag — for the poor !' With beaming face and tearful eyes, Doctor Bax produced it magically. , No tt'if.avd, whether of the east, north, south, or west, could have done the trick more neatly, for not a soul was able to discover where the ibag came from. He opened its mouth, and held it out. No need to ask or urge; Willing bauds and hearts contributed, and Doctor Bax was ready to declare most solemnly that the paper packet which Miss Wymer dropped into the bag contained more than the 'usual lawyer's fee of six and eight pencu. , But had lie done so. Miss Wymer would probably have declared that she had made a mistake. So ho wisely held his tongue. ? ' Do you not find it lonely,' suggested Mr. Wymer, 'driving by yourself in the cold air ?' , . ' I might do so to to-night,' said Doctor Bax; ''i confess I should appreciate the company of a kindred soul to whom I could talk as Ij drive along to my friends. Wil liam, of course, can't come.' William laughed, aud shook his head. . 'I beg1 your pardon,' said Mr. Wymer, twitchingia button' off- his glove;, 'if I might bo allowed to ? ' Doctor Bax held out his arm, and Mr. W vmer Mtdatcl v . accented it — thoueh he was so long and the doctor so short that they formed a queer conjunction — and they walked to the dog-cart together. ' The doc|;or waved his 'bauds, and drove off,' Mr. Wymer being compelled to hold on tightly, for| *Be pony was in the maddest of humors, and kicked np his heels in rare . fashion. ' , ' An hour afterwards, Laura and William were standing at the door, looking out upon the night. He had told her of. his dream on lost Christmas Eve, and was pointing out to her tho spot where he had seen the shadows. , ' They have taught me a lesson I shall never forget, ; darling,' he said.. ' My love, strengthened, by faith, can never yield again to doubt. Tell me once more, Laura, that you forgive me for the sorrow J have caused you.',' , 1 , , ... . . _ 'I have nothing to forgive,', she said sweetly, nestling in his , anns ; 'I am so perfectly happy. The sorrow of the past year was hard to bear, but its fruits will bo sweet. And oh, William, 1 shall never think with any other feeling than gratitude of the Shadows you saw last Christmas on the Snow':' , , .' ? ,The End. , 