TnE Albury Circuit Court was opened on Monday morning, and the eases being few in number, and with one exception undefended, the proceedings were brought to a close on tlie same day; the Court adjourning sine die shortly before G o'clock in the evening. The salient features of the various cases set down for hearing may be summarised as follows:— ALEXANDER BAILEY, charged with maliciously wounding a cow, pleaded guilty. The facts of the case, as disclosed in the Police Court depositions, showed that the prisoner had acted under considerable provocation, tlie animal which he had shot having at the time been engaged in demolishing his crop. Taking l this into consideration the Judge sentenced the prisoner to the nominal punishment of imprisonment until the rising of the Court. HUGH M'CAUTIIY, charged with horsestealing, pleaded guilty, aud the circumstances tending to show that there had been no premeditation of theft, but that the prisoner had given way to sudden temptation, and had moreover immediately afterwards surrendered himself and taken steps to put the owner in the way of recovering his property, a comparatively light sentence—six months' imprisonment—was imosed. BENJAMIN GREEN, changed with forgery nd uttering, at Corowa, was found guilty and entenced to two years imprisonment with hard labor. In the charge of pig-stealing, preferred against ROBERT CAMPBELL and LEONARD WALTERS, one of the prisoners seems to have been rather hardly dealt with, and tlie other there is po doubt ought not to have been committed for trial at all. From the evidence adduced it appears that the prisoner WALTERS, a miner in the Tumbarumba district, had shot what he imagined to have been a wild pig. The animal was running in the bush without any brand or ear-mark to show tliat it was private property, and tlie prisoner, who is a foreigner and not long in the colony, fancied that he was at liberty to slioot it just as wild pigs are shot in the neighborhood of Gundagai and other parts of the colony, After killing the pig he cut up the animal and put the flesh in a bag, and hailing CAMPBELL, who chanced to be passing with a dray, asked him for a lift with the load. CAMPBELL good naturedly complied. In the meantime the owner of the pig had discovered his loss, and had given information to the police, who, coming across CAMPBELL, examined the dray, found the pork, and arrested the two men, who wore subsequently brought before the local Bench and committed for trial. Upon hearing CAMPBELL'S explanation the Crown Prosecutor withdrew the charge against him, and WALTERS was acquitted by the jury. His Honor, however, very justly remarked that the case was one which should never have come before the Court at alL There was really nothing in the business from beginning to end to criminate CAMPBELL, who seems to be well known in the locality as an honest hard-working miner; aud, as regards WALTERS, oven supposing him to have been guilty, the of justice would have been fully served by calling upon him to account for the possession of the moat under the provisions of an Act epecially^framed to meet cases of the kind. As it is, the time of the highest Court in the colony has boon wasted with a paltry matter that might, and ought to, have been disposed of by the local magistrates ; and, woreo still, a perfectly innocent man—a man whose innocence the least enquiry in the world might have established—has been subected to the loss, inconvenience, and indignity necessarily involved in the fact of his having been taken away for some weeks from his family and placed in the criminal dock. The case of JOHN RYAN and WILLIAM CLARBSON, charged with stealing certain articles of clothing, at Meragle, was a simple one. The offenders were caught with the stolon property carefully tolled up in their swags; they were found guilty and sentenced to a month's imprisonment The most serious item in the calendar was the case of WILLIAM JONES, chained with shooting with intent to murder his own daughter; a second count chained him with attempting to shoot his wife. The circumstances of this case were of a peculiar and painful character. From the evidence brought forward it would appear that the prisoner had, or believed he had, reason to complain of the too frequent visits to his family of a mau named WRIGHT. On going up with his gun ono day to the house, the door was shut in his face by his daughter— WRIGHT being in the house at the time. JONES being unable to gain admission fired the gun through the door, wounding his daughter in both arms. The door being opened JONES announced his intention to shoot his wife; his daughter then closed with him, and in the struggle the gun went off, this time happily without doing any damage. His Honor, in the course of a careful and exhaustive charge to the jury, pointed out that JONES in going up to the house and demanding admission, aud also in deciding who should or should not be allowed to visit his family, exercised an authority to which as head of the family he had a perfect right. Tbe jury, after a short deliberation, brought in a verdict of guilty of unlawfully wounding, and the prisoner was sentenced to six months' imprisonment. The only other case dealt with during the sitting of the Court was that of a man named JAMES BRUCE, charged with stealing a saddle, bridle, and saddle cloth, the property of a laborer residing at Moorwatha, and the result of this trial we feel bound to say took a great many people by surprise. Tbe evidence against BRUCE, as will bo soon from a report published in another column, was quite as conclusive as in these cases testimony generally is. The saddle, bridle, &c.;, were missed, information was given to the police, and the stolen property was shortly afterwards found in the possession of the prisoner. BRUCE, when called upon for his defence, said that he had effected an exchange with some man who was a stranger to him, giving the stranger his own saddle and 25s. in cash for the stolen saddle. He did not attempt to describe the stranger, to fix the precise place or date of the exchange, nor had he caused any steps to be taken for the production of certain witnesses who, according to his own account, had been present at the transaction Now we need hardly point out that this sort of excuse is one of the most common of any tliat are put forward to account for the possession of stolen goods. To judge from the statements of a prisoner there is nearly always some mysterious "stranger" who suddenly drops from the clouds—a kind of deus ex machina—to give, sell, or lend to his unhappy victim the property that is to get him into trouble. But people usually don't place much faith in the apparitions, and as a rule a man found in possession of stolen goods shortly after they have been stolen, and unable to give a bettor account of the mode in which he acquired the articles, than such a lame story BRUOB'B, is pretty certain to bo foand guilty by a jury. And it is well for the protection of honest people's goods that it should be so, as otherwise nine-tenths of the robberies committed would go unpunished. In the present instance the jury convicted the prisoner, as it appears to us very properly. His Honor, however, seemed to hold a different opinion, as ho imposed tho merely nominal penalty of a couple of hours imprisonment AT tho last meeting of the Borough Council a resolution was carried to the effect that tho member for tho district should be requested to ask tho Govornmont to place a sum of money on tho Estimates for tho purpose of providing a water supply for Albury, and we have no doubt that Mr. DAY with his usual. Au zeal and energy will duly carry out tho wishes of the Council. Whether tho appeal will be successful is of course another matter, but wo are bound to say that very much larger amounts than the sum asked for in the present instance—£5000—have been expended in placos where there has been a good deal less justification for the outlay. As a rule the sea ports of the colony have had small cause to complain in regard to the share they have received of tho public monoy, but the inland ports for some unaccountable reason, have not hitherto been regarded as of sufficient importance to warrant any special outlay in the item of public works. Thus, as Mr. DAY very aptly pointed out, a million of money has been expended upon the improvement of the port of Newcastle, and a quarter of a million has been laid out at Wollongong, whilst it has always been a task of the greatest difficulty to drag from tho Government of the day even a few hundreds of pounds for the most pressing requirements of ports of entry on tho Victorian frontier. Especially has this been the case with regard to Albury, a port which in respect to the maguitudo of its business stands only three or four removes from the top of the tree. Putting aside the contributions to the general revenue from land sales, licenses, &c.;, &c.;, of the Albury district, the fact remains that the trade of this fport is shown by the Customs returns to bo greater than that of any other port in the colony, save only Sydney, Newcastle, and Moama; and under these circumstances, when £250,000 is expended for the benefit of a comparatively unimportant place like Wollongong, a vote of £5000 for water supply purposes here is surely not too great a boon to be asked for, especially when it is remembered that in the course of a few years, on the completion of the railway to Albury, the Government will have to provide water for its own purposes at the terminus. THE quarterly returns of revenue and expenditure for the three months ending 31st March, 1877, are published in the last issue of the Government Gazette, and show that the national treasure chest is still full to overflowing. The total rovenue for the quarter is £1,431,759 lis. Gd. against £1,025,625 2s. 7d., the collections during the same period of last year, showing an increase in favor of tho first quarter of 1877 of £406,134 8s. lid. For the bulk of this increase we are as usual indebted to the Lands Department, which contributes a larger proportion of tho entire revenue than it has done at any previous period. From land sales alone the returns are £823,232 18s. 10d., against £473,303 13s. 7d., an advance of close on 75 per cent, and representing in figures nearly £350,000, or about seven-eighths of the entire comparative increase on the quarter's receipts. The other items under the same general heading for the most part show an increase, and in one instance an increase of an important character j the amount received on account of interest on land sales to conditional purchasers having advanced from £29,469 3s. 9d. to £45,100 13s., or at the rate of 50 per cent. The payments of balances of conditional purchases on the other hand show a slight decrease, which at a first glance appears irrocoucileable with the rapid increase of selection in most parts of the colony during the past few years. The seeming discrepancy is, however, easily accounted for by the fact that a good many of tho selectors who, had the old law remained in force would have been paying off in lump sums a portion of their debt, are now content to avail themselves of that section of the new Act which provides for the gradual discharge of their obligations. The monoy, therefore, appears in the returns in the shape of interest payments, an item in which as wo have already seen there is an increase of 50 per cent. Turning to other headings we find that the recent railway extensions have not been without fchoir duo cffoct on the revenue of that department of tho public service; the advance here being from £142,708 lis. 5d. to £153,494 16s. 7d.—or an increase of about 7 per cent. The returnB from tho Fost Office l^epartment are not quite so satisfactory, tho ^jcoipts being Boino few hundreds of pounds behind those of last year; but tho Telegraph service on the other haud yields .£3226 5a. 8d. more than in the first quarter of 1876. The Custom House yields in round numbers £24,000 more than it did in tho corresponding period of 1876; tho increase being made up principally from duties on the following items: —Spirits, tobacco, sugar, and dried fruits. The only noteworthy falling off here is in the tea duties, the returns from which have been reduced nearly 20 per cent. The remaining items call for no particular notice, excepting perhaps an entry under the head of " Miscellaneous Receipts," setting forth the sum received for interest on bank deposit®. This amounted in the March quarter of 1876 to £10,636 18s. 4d.; last quarter it reached £15,681 19s. 3d., being at the rate of £62,000 per annum. DEATH OP MR. T. L. CROMMELIN.—It is again out painful duty to record the death of an old and. greatly respected resident of the Albury district, Mr. T. L. Crommelin, late Commissioner of Crown Lands, who died on Saturday night, in Sydney, at the residence of the Hon. J. Bowie Wilson, where be had been staying, Mr. Crommelin was a tolerably old colonist having arrived in Sydney from England in the year 1652. On his lirst arrival he engaged largely in mining operations, in tbe course of which be sustained heavy losses, and he subsequently was appointed private gold commissioner for the Sydney firmof Shepherd and Algiers, the holders of a large area of auriferous land on Major's Creek. Mr. Crommelin then entered the service of the New South Wales Government and officiated for some years as police magistrate at Araluen, an appointment which he gave up in order to accept that of Commissioner of Crown Lands at Warialda, a position which he held for some three or four years. From Warialda he was removed to the Albury district, and he retained the Commissioncrship of Crown Lands here until within a few months of his death when failing health rendered a somewhat less active, not to say laborious, life desirable. His tenure of office in this district reached to nearly nine years, during which time he succeeded in the performance of very arduous duties, not only to the entire satisfaction of the Government, but also in such a way as to gain for himself personally the highest regard and esteem from all with whom his work brought him in contact. As a proof of this we need only mention that but a few weeks prior to his death some steps had been taken towards the collection of a sum of money in order to present him with a testimonial, and that the amount collected had already reached several thousand pounds. The immediate causes of death, as described by the deceased's medical attendant were senile dyspepsia, pleurisy^ and pneumonia, and for some fourteen days before the end came, the patient was nearly if not entirely unconscious. The funeral took place on Monday in the Haslciu Cemetery and was very numerously attended. SoAHLET FEVER.—The town haa for a long time past been free from this scourge. On Tues-day last, however, an undoubted case of Bcariet fever occurred In a family in Townsend-street • Under the instructions of Dr. Andrews, the Government Medical Officer, who is attending the family, the patient is kept isolated, and every caution has been taken to prevent the disease from spreading. The case, moreover, is a light one, and promises to terminate favorably. THE AUSTRALIAN JOINT STOCK BANK.—The new premises in course of erection for the Australian Joint Stock Bank will form, when completed, the handsomest structure of the kind in Albury. The new buildings will occupy the recently vacant ground at the corner of Kiewa and Dean-streets, both frontages to which will be partly covered by the pile. The principal street feature of the edifice will be the bank-room fagades, each about 40 feet long by 36 feet high. These will occupy the' corner of the site, and have similar elevations to each street; and they will be flanked in either street by subordinate wings, forming in Kiewa-street portions of the manager's residence, and in Dean-street the bank offices. Over the wing buildings are domestic offices pertaining to the manager's residence. In the Dean-street frontage a small space is left for a private entry to the yard and for the clerk's entry, between the bank and the adjacent building. In Kiewa-street a larger vacant space will be devoted to yard and garden purposes, the yard being accessible from a dividing lane between tbe bank ground and the store of Messrs. Downio Bros. The approaches to the bank-room will be by portico entries from each street With the . exception of the porticoes, the walls will stand back, some twelve, some five feet from the street, the vacant space being enclosed with ornamental fencing on stone walling. Passing to the outside of the building, and to the ground floor, there is first the bank- room, 35 feet square and 22 feet in height—the height being equal to the two stories of the wings, and, as stated, approached on one side from Dean-street, and on the other side from Kiewa-street, by portico entrances rising the entire height of the fronts. The wing building lacing Kiewa-street has a verandahed and balco- nied front, 7ft. wide and 30ft. long, in which is tbe residence staircase, and Irom which are approaches by door and passage to tho internal ground-floor rooms. The rest of this frontage is taken up by the manager's drnwing- room—19ft. by 15ft.—having lift windows opening into the verandah, and communicating by folding doors with a dining-room at back of the same size ; tbe whole forming, when tho door? are opened, an apartment 31ft. long and 19ft. wide. Back from the dining-room is the kitchen, under which is a cellar, ana from the kitchen open out a scullery and shod. The frontage of the Dean- street wing includes the manager's room, and clerks' diningroom ; it has a verandah and balcony similar to that in Kiewa-street In the back internal angle of the building are placed the strong room and the stationery room ; the former, which is constructed with all possible care to secure strength and will be absolutely fireproof, is divided from tho outer wall of the building by the passage that forms the approach to the clerks' dtning-room. This completes the ground plan arrangements. The upper floorof wings will consist of a landing floor over the hall entry; off which, and from passages, will open six bedrooms, varying in size from 19ft by 15ft., to 14ft by lift.; also a bathroom and linen closet Respecting the internal fittings, those of the bank room strong room, bath, &c.;, are all in accordance with tbe best modern appliances for use, strength, and comfort The space of ground left vacant fryn building nse is appropriated to a garden facing Kiewastreet, and a yard behind in which are all necessary offices. As will be seen in description of construction, the roof is of iron, from which the water will flow first into a tank over the bathroom, thence by an overflow to a brick and cemented underground tank of nearly 10,000 gallons capacity. The construction ot the building is as follows :—Cement concrete foundations, from six to seven feet below the high ground levels. On the concrete, brick in cement footings to the level of the floor. Thence brick and mortar walls of great solidity to the roof. The walls are bonded and tied together at intervals in height all round the building with continuous iron tie bonds. There will be considerable space below the ground and ample ventilation provided for, so that the ground-floor will really be as airy and dry as an upper storey. Generally, the timbers are hard wo Jd, and the joinery of cedar, red deal and white pine. The roof is part iron and part lead, traversed by a very complete and effective system of water channels and out-. letR. The style of the fronts is Grecian, and the same style will be adhered to in all finishings and interior details as well as in the external work. The architect of the building is Mr. Benjamin Backhouse, of Sydney, the works are being carried out by Mr. William Murray, builder, of Melbourne, under the supervision of Mr. Joseph Backhouse, resident clerk of works. The foundations are already completed, and some walling has been done, and with reasonably fine weather it may be hoped that the building will be finished within tho current year. Tbe edifice taken as a whole, with its commanding position, massive pile of buildings and style at once classical and ornate, will certainly, as far as street architecture is concerned, be a prominent feature in the town. THE NEW POST OFFICE.—Plans and specifications for the proposed new post-office arrived on Thursday morning from the office of the Colonial Architect, Svdney, and it is only fair to say that they provide for a building somewhat more sightly in appearance, and more in keeping with the requirements of the town, than the police barracks, the last Government structure erected in Albury. The principal front of the new postoffice will face Kiewa-street, along which the building will extend for 72 feet. The Deanstreet elevation will occupy a frontage of about 52 feet, the height of walls to eaves being 23 feet, and the total height from ground-floor to ridge being 38 feet. On the Dean-street front there will two handsome doors and two windows— all with circular heads—on the ground floor, and five windows on the upper storey. In Kiewastreet there will be five windows on each storey in the main building, three of the lower windows being used for delivery purposes, and protected by a spacious corridor from the weather. The remainder of the Kiewa-street frontage is occupied by a wing devoted to private accommodation for the postmaster. The internal arrangements of the building, so far as a hasty glance would allow us to judge, appear to be well suited for the purposes to which they are to be devoted, and the accommodation is certainly a vast improvement on that provided in the present structure. The principal business room occupies the whole of the Dean-street front, with the exception of a passage at the eastern end, and goes back to depth of 35 feet. At the back of this room is a lobby for the letter carrier and an assistant's bedroom, and further back again in the wing are kitchen, lobby, &c.; Upstairs there is a Bpacious dining room, a sitting room, and six other rooms. Down the yard, on the boundary of the allotment adjoining the Church of England ground, there are stables and buggy house, and other necessary out offices. Upon the whole the design seems to be very complete and appropriate, and we have only now to hope that it may be carried out with as little del ay as possible. We notice, however, that the plan, if adopted, will put an extinguisher on the Borough Council's hopes of being able to obtain the Bite of the old lock-up for a Town Hall, inasmuch as tbe greater part of the allotment in question will be built over. ^ HORSE PLANTING.—From certain circumstances which have lately come to light it would appear that some person or persons on tbe border are just now engaged in practising a species of fraud, which at one time was common enough in this colony. The system used to be carried out in this way. A horse would be stolen and driven away some considerable distance and then impounded, The pound selected beingBO far away from the horse's usual run as to prevent the owner from suspecting the whereabouts of his property, it usually happened that the animal was! in due course put up for sale and knocked down for trifle to the thief, who thus obtained often for a few shillings, a legal title to an animal worth perhaps many pounds. It seems that this method »B now being worked by someone resident in this locality or on the Victorian side of the river. Not long since two valuable draught horses were missed from Chilteni, and shortly afterwards the owner ouite accidentally heard that they were in a pound in this district At another time a horse mysteriously disappeared from the Wodonga common, and no tidings of the animal could be obtained by the owner, until one day he met a man riding the beast, and learned that the horse had been bought. out of the same pound as that to which the Chiltera horses had been driven CHURCH OF ENGLAND.—The annual meeting of the congregation (adjourned fromEaster Tuesday) was beld m the Church School-room on Tuesday, the 10th inst, the Rev. A. D. Acocks m the chair. Between thirty and forty ladies and gentlemen (scat-holders) were present The Finance Committee's report was readand adopted: votes of thanks were given to the retiring churchwardens, and to Mr. Edrnondson and the choir for their efficient services during the past year. The Chairman spoke at some length on the present financial condition of the church funds, which he considered on the whole satisfactory. In reviewing the fire years of his incumbency, he said that on his appointment to tbe parish the stipend had been paid jointly by the members of the church in the town anl bush districts, and that no difficulty was then experienced in raising the required amount, but that he (the Vicar) had cut off the income from the bush contributions by the appointment of a second clergyman, and thus thrown the burden of raising his stipend upon the members of St Matthew's Churcb in Albury; and he considered that, taking into consideration the very heavy drain upon their resources which the erection of the new church had necessitated, they had done all that could be expected from them. The Churchwardens' statement of accounts was then mad by the Treasurer (air. J. W. Jones), and adopted, after which Mr. Husmg proposed the re- election of Mr. J. W. Jones as people's warden, which was seconded by Mr. G. Adams, and carried by acclamation. Mr. Hayes then proposed that Mr. Swyny be elected trustees warden. Mr. Snelson also proposed Sir. G. Adams, butas Mr. Adams declined to oppose Mr. Swyny, he was duly elected. The Chairman then nominated Mr. J. II. Wood clergyman's warden, and dwlaml Messrs. J. W. Jones, J. Swyny, and J.H Wood duly elected churchwardens for the current year. The following gentlemen were ejected a financecommittee for the current vear • —Mr. Abercrombie, treasurer; Mr. Lambert secretary ; Messrs. Edmondson, Husing, Allen, Powell, Rhynbardt, Adams, and the churchwardens ex officio. Messrs. Ridgeway and Lambert, auditors. A resolution was passed, that in the event of the Bishop of Melbourne visiting the neighborhood, a special collection be made in aid of the Organ fund. Mr. J. W. Jones, senior churchwarden, then rose, and addressing the Rev. A. D. Acocks, «aid he had very great pleasure in presenting to him, in the name of the members of the Church in Albury and the surrounding parish, an Easter offering of £101 10s., in recog" nition of his services, and as an acknowledgement of the inadequacy of his stipend. The Rev. A. D. Acocks, in acknowledging the unexpected and very generous offering, said he must ask the meetin" to believe what he was at that moment unable to express ; how very gratefully he received their gift, not merely for its money value, though that was very acceptable to him at this time, but for tbe feeling of which it was the expression. The meeting was shortly afterwards dismissed with the benediction. ALBURY SMALL DEBTS COURT. — The usual monthly sitting of this court was held on Tuesday, when the following cases were dealt with :—Klein v. Galvin. Claim £1 10s., for damage done to a hedge. A witness having deposed to the value of the damage done, an order was made for plaintiff for amount claimed. Moody v. Ringwood ; trespass of a cow ; plaintiff was nonsuited. Stanley v. Bradford. Claim for £2 2s. 7d. No appearance of plaintiff; verdict for defendant Gracey v. Hore. Claim for £7 for rent Mr, Flemin° for defendant. Plaintiff deposed that he was a selector at Wagra; on the 14th of October, 1675, defendant came to witness and leased 100a. of witness's selection at tbe rate of £7 per annum ; at the end of the year witiiesss asked for the rent but defendant put him off; defendant did not deny the liability but put off the payment from time to time the land was leased for 12 months to defendant ; since the expiration of the term witness had leased the same land at the same rent to Mr. Patterson. Neil M'Eachern deposed : I am a farmer living at Mullengandra ; I know the land in dispute; it is Gracey's selection; Mr. Andrew Hore told me more than 12 months ago that be had rented Gracey's grass land for £7 ; he told me this because he was renting land from me at the same time, and paying me more money. This was the caRe for the plaintiff. For the defence, Andrew Hore deposed: I never made any agreement with plaintiff about land ; on one occasion he offered me 700a. of a grass-right for £7 per annum ; I would not take it as it adjoined another man's grass-right and I could not tell the one from the other ; plaintiff said he would blaze the trees ; I said if lie did that he might come and see my father, and if lie were agreeable we would take the land ; the plaintiff did not come and there was no. more about it; I utterly deny that I agreed to rent the 700a, or the 100a. from the plaintiff. I don't owe him anything. After some further evidence had been taken, the Bench found lor the plaintiff with 4s. costs. UPPER MURRAY.—Our correspondent on the Upper Murray, writing under date of Saturday, says :— i lately referred to the great want of Welaregang, viz., tbe putting up to auction of some of tbe Crown lands, with a view to the formation of a settled township; of course until the land is sold people will not put up substantial buildings, and so the progress of thIs part of the river is seriously impeded. At length Mr. Surveyor Sharp has arrived, and, I believe, will set about the work; he says, however, that he merely intends forming the township by laying off streets, &c;,, having no time at present to cut it up into allotments for sale. I should like to know the reason of this procedure. There are many people who to my personal knowledge have been anxiously waittng for months past lor a chance to purchase allotments in order to build at once, and now it would seem that they are again to be dis- appointed. The extraordinary delay which has taken place already in this matter, has given rise to a belief that there must be some counter influence at work to prevent the settlement of the township, and this further postponement will certainly tend to confirm the impression. The natural commonsense view of the question certainly is that when surveyors have work placed in their hands to do, they should forthwith set about doing it ; and I may point out that the fact of certain lands being set apart as village reserves, is equivalent to an announcement by the Government that such lands are worth £8 pet acre. They are often run up, indeed, to £20 per acre, and it ia not to be exjweted, therefore, that tbey will be alienated as selections or " improvement purchases." This particular locality has been marked on the map as the Welaregang Village Reserve for the last eight or nine years, and, in fact, it is the only place on the Upper Murray where a good township could ever lie formed. It is on the direct road from all the Upper Mtirrumbidgee districts, and if people will take tbe trouble to look at the map, tbey will see that it is also the natural road fromAdelong, Tnmbarumba, Tumut, Gnndagai, &c.; to Victoria. It is the only sate road for travelling stock, where grass can be found at all seasons of the year, and in short there are abundant reasons why the township should be formed at once. I am glad to say that the late rains have caused a very nice spring in the grass, and that the country about here is looking remarkably well." ALBURY HOSPITAL COMMITTEE.—A meeting of the committee of the Albury Hospital was held on Thursday evening, the members present being Mr. Geo. Day, president (in the chair), and Messrs. McKee, Nagle, Colls, and Mudge. After the confirmation of minutes, the following accounts were passed for payment:—G. Adams, £4 16s. ; M. Roach, 10s. ; J. Matthews, £4 5s. 3d. ; wages. £21 10s. ; O'Keeffe & Co., £1 15 s. ; store account, £60 8s. 1d. Tenders were then opened for the supply of firewood, and the tender of M. Roach for supplying 2ft. and 4ft lengths, at 15s. per cord was accepted. With regard to the account for drugs, the chairman said he thought that ail these things should be procured at the wholesale cost in Melbourne, and on the motion of Mr. Colls it was resolved that tbe Superintendent give a list of medicines required to tbe Secretary, and that he should procure them in Melbourne. The subject of certain resolutions passed at a late meeting of subscribers was then brought forward, but it was decided to refer the consideration of them to a fuller meeting. SUICIDE AT COROWA.—A most determined case of suicide occurred at Corowa on Thursday. An old man named Edward Laurie (lately in the employ of Mr. Nagle, near Corowa) deliberately jumped from the railings ol the Wabgunyah bridge, a sheer fall of fifty feet, into the river. The body was recovered tbe same evening by Mr. George Ellis. The unfortunate man had * been suffering from an affection of the eyes for a long time, and his sufferings from this cause are supposed to have had something to do with the committal of the rash act. A magisterial enquiry was held into the circumstance yesterday, WESLEYA.V SUNDAY SCHOOL.—A miscellaneous entertainment consisting of recitations, vocal and instrumental music, &c.;, was held in the Mechanics Institute on Wednesday evening last, the proceeds being devoted to the funds of the Wesleyan Sunday School. The chair was occupied by*the Rev. Mr. Crisp, who in the course of a few introductorv remarks, pointed out the importance of the work which was being done by the Sunday schools and the need of money to carry it out Funds for this purpose could only he said lie raised by some special effort in the way of a tea- meeting or musical entertainment, and hence the present affair had been arranged. The attendance at the entertainment was not quite so good as had been anticipated, but the programme was very creditably carried out; the music—especially the concerted pieces—being very well rendered. Some of the recitations also were very good—notably a piece given by a gentleman from Wodonga. The musical part of the entertainment was rendered by the ladies of the Wesleyau choir and some other amateurs. BETHAXGA.—Our Bethanga correspondent says: —" Not much has to be recorded in tho shape of work; Wagonbach's party finished their crushing, 45 tons yielding an average of l$oz. to the ton. Rowe's party hod a trial of 36 tons from an abandoned claim on tbe Welcome line, which wa« taken out in a few days; it returned an average of 7dwts. to tbe ton. Jas. Scott's trial of 8 tons from the Excelsior returned 23dwts. to the ton. Jarvis Creek is being put in trim, and will BOOU have the opportunity of showing its worth, Rhodes has sent his engine there, and is already erecting a battery of 8 head ; they expect to be ready in about a week. There are already about 200 tons to grass, and if we can judge l>y prospects, Jarvis Creek will be heard of in future. Smith's battery has just finished a cmshing from the Flagstaff, 23 tons returning 18oz. Several smaller trial crushings have also been tried at this battery, but have mostly proved unprofitable. Davis is still crushing from the Welcome line, and expects to be kept going for some time. Rhodes expects to wash up from the Gift next Saturday, making in all 300 tons from this claim m Jive weeks. At last the Government arc being wakened up, for lost week Mr. D. P, Keogh (one of our candidates) forwarded a telegram, stating that Mv, Ramsay had at last promised him that a public school should be opened here. This speaks well lor the candidate, for it Shows .What.hec&n; do,potonlydoe8 bo promise, but ha successfully accomplishes what he promises. This is the class of man wauled, one that can sea what is wanted, and will, and can, do us good, not a man who would if he could, but can't, the intention may be there, but the execution is not. I hear our local race committee intend giving a concert soon, to pay off the slight deficiency on the race meeting, and as the meeting was such a great success in every other point, I am sure they mil command a full house, for this is decidedly a belter way of meeting deficiencies than by taking the hat round, and it shows we have a committee that are not frightened of work. Davis and Redelili's company have forwarded a parcel of 12 tons of the mysterious black jock to Mr, BigclowV to bb treated, four tons are tailing, having already been through the mill. The clauns that ore being tested are the Wclcome, Lucknovv, Uncle Sam, and Turn «f Luck. The Gift also have a parcel to send, but are wniting the returns from Davis's lot. Mr, Snargo has undertaken to extract nil the loose gold from the blanketing of Rhodes' mill for the Gift claim, and great returns are cxpected by the shareholders from this source alone. U&A.KA.;—The effects of the long drought are every day becoming more serious in the Uiana district. The losses which the squatters have suffered are heavy, and cattle and sheep continue to die in hundreds as there is literally nothing for them to eat. Even the more provident of graziers, who anticipating a drought, minced their stock considerably, now fi jd that they have still far too many. The dams are nearly all dry, and the Urana Creek in many places is 111 the same condition ; whilst the water in the creek at the township is now positively unwholesome. A number of people are laid up with typhoid fever, and unless rain 60011 comes tilings will become even more serious than they are. The diggings are falling off very much, and only same 00 or 70 persons now remain at work. Owing to the scarcity of water and grass prospectors arc unable to try the ground to any great extent, and for the »resent nothing more cau lie done. It is hoped, Ilowever, that when the much-needed change occurs, the ground will l»e more fully tried. The Bank of New South Wales whose venture in opening a branch here has proved most Imneficial to the district—and we hope to the bank also — has come to teuus with Mr. Frew of this town, for the erection of suitable premises. The work has already been commenced, and the building when completed will lie a great improvement to Urana. While on this sulijecr. we may point out that it is high time the wretched sbei used as a post and telegraph office were pulled down, and more substantial buildings elected. It is time too that Urana had a Court-house, and it probably only requires a little united action on thefpart of the residents to secure these desi lcrata. On Eister Monday a cricket match took place between the Uraua and Jerilderie chilis, resulting in favor of the latter by 83 runs. Tiie Urana men are practising hard in order to turn the tables on their opponents at the return match, which conies off on the 26th of May. TBK WODOSGA* WATER SUPPLY QUESTION.— With reference to the question of a water supply for Wodonga, the following letter Jus been addressed to the Railway Department by Mr. T. Higinbothain" Referring to complaints which have lieen made as to the quality of the water at Wodonga station, and to a proposal made, I believe by the inhabitants of Wodonga, to carry a line of pipes along the red line shown on the tracing which I attach to this, to a point on Wodonga Creek marked G on the tracing ; I have the honor to report that the water now used at the Wodonga station is undoubtedly impure, in consequence of drainage from the town entering the open ditch, through which the water taken from, the lagoon reaches the pump well; and that there are two ways of remedying this. Namely, by a line of pipes along the blue line marked A. R. ou the tracing, or by a line of pipes along the red line already referred to. The cost of the first would be .£260, and u supply of good water could be obtained for this money. I understand that the inhabitants of Wodonga object to this scheme, being under the impression that some of the sewage water of the town reaches the lagoon, aud they ask that the second scheme should be carried out. Now this would cost £955, or £695 more than the other. If the local residents pay the extra cost, I see no reason why it should not be carried out, but it would be folly for the Railway Department to adopt the more expensive scheme when by a comparatively small expense it can obtain a supply of puie water.", TREE PLANTING. — Mr. Higgins, draper, of Dean-street,^has been the first to set the example of tree planting in the business thoroughfares. On Saturday last he caused a fiueclm, which had been built over in the progress of works lor the extension of bis business premises, to be carefully removed on to the side of the roadway in Deanstreet The present is not exactly the proper season for transplanting trees, , but as care was taken to leave a large ball of solid earth round the roots, there is every probability that the tree will flourish apace. We nope Mr. Higgins's example may be generally followed by local traders during the ensuing winter. WODOSOA WARDEN'S COURT.—At this Court on Wednesday, before Mr. Warden Butler, P. A. Tenner was summoned for trespass on the residence site of Charles Chandler, at Bethanga. Mr. Emerson lor the plaintiff. Mr. Thorold for the defendant. Charles Chandler deposed: I am a carter living at Bethanga; I produce my miners' right; the residence Bite the subject of'this dispute I took up in May last under my miners' righpit might have been the beginning of June; I have boon in occupation ever since ; I put up a log hut with bark roof on the ground j I have lived jn it ever since; the defendant came to me pa SiJiWlOth March and put up a building ten or ft 01 * 1 >»>' place ; X told him not to h'tttlajj^^was on my ground j I .said he could |in| |)Bpt}' of giound elsewhere:; he continued To Mr, Thorold : I did ^t|gi5pjteji|aut : t>pg out; the ,grpund; I have pegged the ground out properly myself; I have registered the site ; I registered it some time in; March l»Bt; that was after Tenner came to build. defendant has built on the laud. To Mr. Thorold: The distance between plaintiffs hut and Dyriug's store is about 60 feet ; there is a road between Dyring's and Chandler's; I never saw plaintiff peg out the land ; 1 have wen some pegs; two or three, not four; plaintiff lias poinfosd out his boundaries to me; there is a thoroughfare going through a corner of Chandler s round. This was the case for plaintiff. For the Sefence, P. A. Tenner deposed : I produce my miners' right and the regulation ticket of the site*, it is »6 feet from my peg to Dyring's store ; I pegged off in accordance with the regulations ; laiutiff told me not to come too near tobis place; f moved back about six feet, and he said he was satisfied; I then commenced to build ; plaintiff gave me notice to stop ; I continued to build; 1 saw no pegs on Chandler's land; Chandler never said a word, until I had set the foundation of my house. To Mr. Emerson : It took me aud another man two days to put in my foundation ; I am sure plaintiff saw me putting in my foundation; he was passing Imckwanls and forwards every day; he never said n word about it until the blocks were in ; when plaintiff spoke to me at first I said I would go back and I did go hack ; I don't remember his saying I must go back 33 feet; I won't swear that he did not say this ; 1 will swear positively that there were no pegs on plaintiff's land ; there is tralfic over the place but I don't think the pegs could all have been knocked out. Michael Nicholson deposed : I am a miner ; I know the place in dispute ; the distance from Dyring's peg to Tenner s place is 96 feet; tbere are no signs of pegs at Chandler's place ; I have examined the ground carefully ; I measured the distance from Dyring's to Tenner's with a tape line. This concluded the evidence. The Warden found for the plaintiff, damages Is., with £2 18s. 6d. costs. JISDKUA.—Our Jindera correspondent writes as follows :—" On the strength of the last rains a good many farmers in this locality have started to plough, and where the soil is of a friable nature they arc still carrying on the work. In the great majority of cases, however, the ground is stili too ha I'd to be worked until more rain has fallen, and the attempt has therefore had to be abandoned. This can hardly fail to cause the ensuing harvest to be very late in the reason, as by rights the ploughing ought by this time to be completed. The cattle, I am gl;id to say, have largely profited by the new spring in the grass since the late rains ; thev now present a very different appearance to that borne by them a few weeks since, and they appear to be daily picking up. Von will probably remember that a deputation was sent la-t yeai by some of our local German farmers, to report upon the prospects held out by New Zealand as a field for settlement. No action was then taken upon the report of the persons who went over to New Zealand, but I hear that the subject of migration to that colony is again being considered by several of our German friends. So far the matter has only gone the length of talk, and taking all things into consideration it will lie as well foreverybody concerned if it gets no further. I have pretty good reason to 1 relieve that most of the parties in question are doing pretty well as it is. If the season has been a bad one for cattle, at any rate the wheat harvest has been good, and there is every probability of a go id return being secured this year from the straw, which is in great demand for cutting into chaff. Besides, most of the farmers about here have managed to rub along pretty fairly, adding acre to acre year after ye ir, Rnd purchasing a good deal of valuable agricultural machineiy. That does not. look as if farming at Jindera were snch a bad game as a few would endeavor to make out. The difference of opinion between the Albury Borough Council and Mr. Darke and his confreres as to the management of the Common is not, I perceive, yet removed. Messrs. Darke and Co. appear to be determined to prove their right to elect trustees, and the Council is equally determined to act upon the opinion of the Attorney-General and take the management into its own hands. For my part I should not be surprised if the upshot of the dispute were that the Government caused the whole of the land to be put up for sale. I bear of some changes in local properties, but am not in possession of positive information yet. Mr. Cross, however, I believe, has sold out to Mr. Guest, and the hotel belonging to the former will, I understand, lie shortly opened under the auspices of a new landlord. Several sheepfarmers have commenced to travel with their stock, and others are about to follow. A large number of sheep were on the Common on their way to the Mitta Mitta, the property of two or three Jindera selectors. The mill is expected to start operations in about a fortnight. I hear that the Jindera people intend petitioning the Government to have the temporary Common cut up for sale. Mr. G. Green is erecting a new butchery aud bakery, and I believe he intends also going into the storekeeping business. He is a good business man, and I wish him success in his undertaking. In conclusion, I may repeat the stereotyped complaint that we still want more rain." ENTERTAINMENT AT DRY CREEK.—A very successful tea and public meeting took place recently, at Dry Creek, in connection with the local Congregational Church. In addition to a good local muster a large number of Iriendsfrom Albury were tempted by the glorious autumn weather and the prospect of a drive homie in the moonlight to pay a visit to Dry Creek, so that the atteudance was first-rate. After full justice had been done to the tea provided, Mr. John Whitehead, Secretary and Treasurer, was voted to the :chair, and presented a very satisfactory financial report, shewing a balance on the right side of the book. The Rev. Mr. Crisp, who was'the next speaker, safd he felt great 'pleasure in making the acquaintance of the new pastor of the congregation—the Hew J. Masters—and referred to the cordiality and friendship which had ever existed between himself and the Rev. Mr. Fry, their late minister. lie then addressed the congregation upon the advantages of combined effort, dwelling with special force upon the necessity for the industrious application of every variety of talent in a church, and illustrating his observations by appropriate anecdotes. Mr. M'Lennon, of Green Ilills public school, then gave a humorous recitation, after which the Rev, Joseph Masters, addressed the meeting, shewing how lessons of great practical value might be learnt from an observation of the works of God in iiatuiie, aud drawing from these worlw illustrations aud suggestions applicable to the work in which he and his congregation were engagod. Mr. Masters concluded his address with a few remarks specially directed to young men, on the formation of character, which he illustrated by sketches from the lives of eminent men. During the evening the choir of the Albury Church, under the leadership of Mr. Heath, saug several pieces of music in a highly creditable manner.—Communicated, DEFINED PRE-LEASKS.—The undermentioned pre-leases which have been approved subject to modification and amendment, have now ou further examination been modified or amended :—J. H. andC. H. Douglas, 4016a. aud 750a., Khancoban; Love and Murray, 1098a., Cox, 1065a,, Yerong, and 720a., Yerong. Stan bridge and Co. 9645a., Jondargan, and 9244n., Gorton ; William Rudd 2800a., Currathool, 6600a., Howlong, and 1800a., Howlong ; A Gilbert lflOOa,, Finlay. WODONGA POLICE COURT.—At this couit, on Wednesday, before Sir. Butler, police magistrate, the following cases were dealt with :—Turner v. Carter; claim, £18 Is. 6d., goods sold and delivered. No appearance of plaintiff; struck out. John Mitchell v. Jubez Bamfield; no appearance; struck out. George Auburn v. John R. Jones *, claim for £4 3s., for money lent. Order for amount claimed, with 5s. costs. John R. Jones v. John Schinidtenbecker; claim for £13 12s., work and labor done. No appearance of defendant ; verdict for plaintiff, with 5s. costs. W, Street v. Joseph M'Ooy; assault case. No appearance ; struck out. CROWS LAND SALE.—At a sale by auction of Crown lands at Alburv on Wednesday last, lot A of lOO.u, in the pal ish of Carabost, was knocked down to Mr. W. II, Williams, at the upset price. For lots B aud C there was no offer, and lot D was withdrawn. Lots E, F, and G, each 280a., in ill" parisli of Man us, were purchased by Mr. R. M'llicking at the upset price. WALUUNDIUE RACES.—A correspondent at Walbundrie writes as follows;—"The past week has been a tolerably lively one, the annual ruoenieetiug, which passed off very successfully, causing the usual excitement. The whole of the arrangements connected with the meeting were very jjood and reflected much credit on all con cerned. The several events were well contested, and the day passed off without any disturbance or hitch of the most trifling cliaracter. The horses were mostly in rather poor condition, but this circumstance only proved the pluck of the owners in bringing them to the post for such small prizes, and I have uo doubt that the liberal support accorded on this occasion will stimulate the committee to i mprove the course for next year, and also to increase the added money. It is to he hoped also that something will be done to improve the character of our roads, so that visitors from a distance—residents of Albury amongst the rest— will be able to make the trip to Walbundrie. The Maiden Plate was won by Carne's Deceit, Comet second, and German Girl (Everett's) third. The Walbundrie Handicap, the principal event of the meeting, fell to Mr. Beveridge's Tom Jones, with Snip second, aud Prevalebit third In the Hurdle Race, Stranger took the prize, Deceit securing second place, and Blondin third. The Ladies' Purse was curried off by Tom Jones. Snip second, Prevalebit third. The Consolation Stakes was won by Bannister, Comet second, and German Girl third, A DISTINGUISHED VISITOR.—On Wednesday last, by the first train from Melbourne, tbere arrived Mr. Bowler's chesnut colt Waterford, by Marquis out of AI. Tiiis colt, for which Mr. Bowler gave 200 guineas as a yearling, has recently distinguished himself. At the late Randwick meeting he won the Trial Stakes and Abe Waverley Stakes, besides running second in nuother event to Chester, who has been regarded as the colt of the season. On arriving at Wodonga, Waterford was removed to Mr. Griffiths' stable in Albury, prior to starting for the Mitta Mitta, Mr. Bowler has since the Randwick meeting refused 1000 guineas for the colt, Tp,&. MEETING AT WODONGA.—A tea meeting will be held in the Lutheran Church, Wodonga, on Tuesday evening next, the proceeds to be devoted in aid of the building lund. After the tea meeting a concert will be held. VICTORIAS LAND NOTICES,—Tenders will be received by the Board of Laud and Works up to Tuesday 24th April for the occupation for grazing purposes only of the undermentioned block of land :—Baliuacraig, 30,000 acres ; Commencing on the Snowy Creek where the Snowy Creek grazing land cuts it; thence up the creek s'outherlv about thirteen miles to , Mount Wills ; thence westerly along the Great Dividing Range about eleven miles to Mount Bogong ; thence northerly about two miles to the source of the western brauch of the Snowy Creek (otherwise unnamed); thence northerly about eight miles down this creek to the boundary of the Snowy Creek grazing land ; thence south-easterly along this boundary about three miles and a half to the commencing point. LARGE POTATOES.—We were shown yesterday by Mr. A. Heath, a remarkably fine sample of Warrnamhool potatoes. Two of the large tubers on beiiig weighed turned the scale, the one at 2lbs., and the bther at 2|lbs. WODONGA. COUNTV COURT.—Suitors at this court are reminded that the last day for issuing summonses is 10th April. ,The last day for eem in]jtUe'sathe is the 19th April. * * THE ENGLISH MAIL.—The outgoing mail via Suez will close at the Albury ofllee onMoiiday nextatnOon. . • • , >; ' „ • VTENDER ACCEPTED.—The tender of ,W, Jones has been accepted for the supply of furnituiefor the Custom-house, Albury. ASSAULT CASH.—The assault ease of Carlisle v. Gilligan came on for hearing at the local police conrt, before Captain Brownrigg,on Mondiy.lu Mr. Fleming appeared tor the defence.' following evidcuce was taken:—Robert Carlisle deposed : I am a contractor, living in Olivestreet, Albury; on the 17th March defendant and his wife came to my place iu the evening j they had some words between theui, and defendant began beating his wife with the whip; iny wife interfered, and said defendant's wife would go home with him if he did uot beat her; defendant's wife said, "Yes. John, I will go and she did go; defendant followed her and beat her J7011 L BU1IVU UU «WIII I .H..W...U..V ™iu, iuu b y wretch I saw you kiss her I said it was a lie; defendant cailie forward mid struck me with his fist; he hit me on the head; I tried to defend myself, and we Itad a struggle; in tiie struggle I slipped and fell; defendant held me down, kicked me on the head, and struck me with a brass candlestick; my wife was present all the time ; I was much hurt on the face aud head ; I consider the defendant was perfectly sober; Mrs. O'Hanlon caiue and pushed the defendant off me ; I did nothing to provoke the assault, except interfering to prevent defendant l>eatiiig his wife ; I was a little the worse for drink, or I should not be afraid of defendant; after the assault I went down the paddock after him; he came iu aud struck me again ; I went inside the house ; I went down the paddock again ; defendant "went outside, picked up some bricks, and threw theni at me; I was struck on the wrist and on the elbow. To Mr. Fleming : My wife and defendant's wife are sisters; defendant had lieen spending the day in town, and left his horse and cart at my place ; he came to my place to get his horse and cart; his quarrel with his wife was not on account of some alleged familiarity between her and me ; I did not put my arm round his wife's neck ; I did not strike the lirst blow ; I don't know how defendant got the candlestick ; I don't know if inv wife struck defendant; alter the first assault, when defendant returned a second time, I don't know if he wis accompanied bv Connors and another man ; it was full daylight when all this occurred ; when lie caine in the second time I ran round from the back and towards ihe defendant, who then threw the bricks at me ; after Gilligan went, away Connors came into the house and We hail some drink ; I might have said then that if I were right. I would have another *' go in " at Gilligan. Dr. Ryau deposed : Plaintiff sent for me on the 17th March ; I went to his house about 10 o'clock; bis left eye was swollen ami blackened ; there was a contused wound about an inch long on the forehead, also a contusion oil the back of the right hand and another on the elbow ; there was a slight wound on the jaw and under the left eye; I attended the plaintiff for 13 days for erysipelas, the result of the wounds; I told plaintiff to wash the wounds and put some sticking plaster on, us they were of a simple character; plaintiff said they would be all right in a day or two; I have heard the evidence, and consider that the wounds may have been caused as stated; plaintiff was not drunk ; he could talk sensibly. To Mr. Fleming: Plaintiff is not a man of strong constitution ; he appears to be a man who drinks pretty freely ; I don't think plaintiff was under the influence of drink at all when I saw him ; plaintiff spoke of the affair as a "little St. Patrick's row; 4, I believe bis constitution predisposed him to erysipelas ; erysipelas set iu on the following Monday. Ellen O'lianlon deposed : On the 17th March I heard a row in Carlisle's place ; I went in and saw that the defendant had Carlisle down oil tho ground; I said, " What arc von doing, let the man up;" defendant then got up and went out of the paddock, and I never saw any more of him that evening ; I never said, " You're not going to murder the man." To Mr. Fleming: I. heard some words inside before this; I heard Gilligan accuse some man of kissing bis wife; Mrs.Carlisle said it was a lie, aud she threatened to hit Gilligan with a candlestick ; this was the lirst I heard of the row ; Gillig in's wife said it was a lie about Carlisle kissing her. Julia Bean deposed: On T-«I. nr L r i i ' > , . ... , ill,gull VUIIIU turn ilhJUiUL for a key ; they would not give it to him ; Carlisle then ran out at the back to get at Gilligan; I wanted to close the «ate to keep Carlisle in ; Connors and Broderick were outside. This was the case for the plaintiff. For the defence, Daniel Connors deposed : I am a carter, residing in Albury; on St. Patrick's Dav Gilligau and his wife were at my place ; they left at sundown ; they came back iu half an hour; his waistcoat and shirt were all torn; he had the .mark of a blow in the face as from aman's first; it appeared to be a heavy blow ; I went down with Giiligan and Broderick to Carlisle's house; Gilligau went to the door and asked for a key ; he was refused ; Carlisle run out of the back door to catch Gilligan at fhe front.; Gilligau went away uud Carlisle followed hnn ; tho key asked fur was that of Gilligun's house; after Gilligan went away, Broderick and I stayed at Carlisle's; 'Carlisle, said he would have a " go in " at Jack again when, ^ he was all right. The police magistrate said fhat. xn such a case as this, the plaintiff was bound toproduce the best evidence obtainable, which in the present instance would be that of MJIS.. Carlisle, who could have proved who it was itbat struck the first blow. Plaintiff bad not, brought this evidence, and from the testimony of other witnesses it appeared that he was the aggressor, having in the first instance given provocation, and having also run after defendant/who tried to jut away irom him. ?ho case would therefore^dis- (says tlioBathurst , in re- .. .. .. litional Purchasers. It appears information had been sent to the Lauds Department that a certain conditional purchaser had not complied with the conditions of the Land Act. and the Inspector of cAtt-. was immediately ordered to repair to the /.virion and woke inquiries as to the truth of ttfe information. After riding somethine like 40 miles across the plains, he halted ata well-known equntter'e residence, who at once requested him to stop for the night, which request was complied with. After having a refresher, he asked Mr. S. if he knew of a elector living m that neighborhood by the name of " Tim Connor." Mr. S. ro- ,Iied in the affirmative, and ex-plained that he }ived only about a mile away; he saw him almost evoiy day, and in fact believed hiiu to be a bona fide selector; he had nil his -improvements done, and appeared to be a very industrious fellow. The Inspector was glad to hear all this, but at the same time ho would have to call and see him personally, which he did on the following morning. He found the selection well improved, and after lie was satisfied as to improvements, he went up to Mr. Tim Connor's house, and found that the door was locked, but a small window at the end of the house was open, which he looked through, and he eaw a man lying down reading a newspaper. He halloed and bellowed (o him, but 110 answer came. He then hastened back to Mr. 5., and informed tiiat gentleman that Connor was dead. The police were sent for, a distance of ten miles, no person venturing near Connor's till their arrival. Happening to lie present on the arrival of the police, I went, at the request of Mr. S., to Connor's place; but on our way there I could not help observing a quiet smile which Mr. S. occasionally indulged in. On reaching the habitation, the police catted out three times in her Majesty's name for " Timothy Connor" to open the door, and not being obeyed, thev proceeded to burst it open, and tbcu carefully wended their way to the bed of poor Tim, and found him stiff and cold; but nn uncovering the !>ody, imagine the disgust of the police, and the confusion of the scared Inspector of C.P.'s, to find that poor Tiin Connor was nothing more than a genuine dummy —a stuffed man \cith a mask on. All this trouble only caused Mr. S, to smile more frequently, and the police were sympathised with, and treated well before they returned to their station, sadder men, by being done out of a good case. How the I.C.P. felt, and what report he made, I fear to say, only tliat it must have been against poor Tiiu Connor, The Importation of Stud Stock.—It has now (says a correspondent of the Qaccnslandcr) been abundantly proved—indeed no sheep-owner in Australia will dare to doubt it—that the importation of European sbeep isproductive of injury to our flacks; that it disturbs and retards the process of acclimatisation, and engages the sbeepnrecder in a hand to hand fight with dame nature, who is certain to come off victorious and reuder the breeders' pnny efforts to conquer her as puerile as were Mrs. Partington's attempts at mopping back the tide of the Atlantic. It is equally certain that a large majority of our best horses have been sired by, or nearly related by blood to, I horses acclimatised for one or more generations. J Horses the direct progeny of imported sites and j dams, may occasionally eclipse the colonials at« short distances, and at an early age on the turf; ( but a careful analysis of performances will, I think, show that for stamina horses tracing pedigree back to Skeleton, Crab, Peter Finn, Sir Hercules, and other names familiar to old colonists, i are vastly superior to those whose sires and dams have lieen imported during recent times. It mayj be argued that there is no analogy between sheep or horses and cattle ; that with "the first wool is the sole consideration; speed aid endurince with the second ; whereas the cattle-breeder lias only the quality of flesh and early maturing properties to attend to. These arc ail granted ; but, as I shall endeavor to show, by practical proofs, not only is the quality of flesh'not improved, but the fattening properties of our indigenous herbage are positively injured by continued importations. As however your space is limited, I shall defer further consideration of the subject for another letter. Cube foe the Bite op A Scorpion,—'The following letter has been addressed to an Adelaide contemporarySeeing that an enquiry has been made as to how scorpions may be got rid of and their bite cured, I beg to ofler a few suggestions, which may prove useful to C.W.B.S. Scorpions are—in India and other countries where they can be found—peculiar to a sandy soil, consequently it would be next to impossible to exterminate the pest, with the odds decidedly 1.11 their favor. But if kerosene be pretty freely used they might be induced to leave a particular locality and seek fresher fields and pastures new. There will be, however, two evils to choose between. Then as to the cure for the bite, which ! is extremely painful, and not quite so harmless as some people may suppose. A gentleman who has recently come from India, where scorpions arcsniatlerand uxorc venomous than in South Australia, has informed me that an infallible cure is a piece of lint, saturated with pale brandy, applied to the wound, above which a ligature ! should be fixed, so as to stop the circulation of the blood, until the painfulness lias passed away. The applications should then be removed, atid the patient should then be made to take a good stiff glass of brandy. This is, of course, in cases where the bite is extremely venomous. My informant tells me be has seen people when bitten on the head or neck become dangerous lunatics." Another correspondent writing on the same subject says I mav inform your correspondent that m a sandy country the sting of the scorpion is weak, and no fear need be apprehended as to the result. Where the country is covered with a thick undergrowth of green heubaigo, and heavily timbered, here the scorpion is much moro venomous. This is not generally known, but it is a fact. The cure for a bite iB oil freely rubbed in, or ammonia. Persons, as surveyors and others, living in tents should provide themselves with some carbolic acid, a little of which, mixed with soma water and sprinkled about at night, disperses all these kinds of varmint/" 1 A Svdnev Ghost Story.—The Evening News of Saturday last has the following:—Most extraordinary rumors and great excitement prevail in the neighborhood of the Glebe on account of circumstances which rival in ludicrous mystery the famous legend of the Cock-lane ghost. The memory of old Mr. Hancock, and of the litigation arising out of his alleged will, is fresh in the minds of the public, therefore it will be quite unnecessary to enter into particulars, except to mention that some years before his death, Robert Hancock resided at the Lady of the Lake Hotel, Bay-street, Glebe, where he cultivated the society and basked in the smiles of a Mrs, Mary Ann Burton, who, under the second or disputed will, decided by a jury in the Supreme Court to have been a forgery—was down for a comfortable 8000. In her own words, her elderly lover said to her, when at his last gasp, " Mary Ann, Mary Ann, you have been my guardian angel, and you shall be provided for." While the old man lived, Mrs. Burtou had control overall; she reigned a second Helen at the Lady of the Lake, and to use her own classic expression, "she bossed the whole concern." But how are the mighty fallen ! Mrs. Burton now resides in a small cottage, next door to the Lady of the Lake, and turns a mangle for her daily bread. But to come to the ghost story. It appear?, from the statement of James Eagan, now landlord of the Lady of the Lake, that oflate he and his wife have been disturbed at night by strange sounds as of bottles clashing together iii the bar, rnmbliugs over head, and other peculiar noises. Often has Mr. Ejpui descended from his liedroom at night, in an airy costume, armed with a poker, to ascertain the cause of the disturbance, but nothing could be seen or detected. Mrs. Burton, howewr, who resides, as we have stated, next door, appears to know a great deal about the matter, and her statement is to this effect .—Old Hancock died in her arms on the 2Gth February, 1876, Ho was a peculiar looking individual, having a halt in his walk, through his right thigh having been broken. He had also suffered other injuries iuctuuing the loss of an eye. No sooner had Mrs. Burton been turned out of the La.ly of the Lake, than—so she states, while peacefully lying beside her husband one night in the cottage, the lorm of old Hancock appeared at the bead of the bed, painting in a solemn manner with the stick he carried. Springing from her couch, Mrs. Burton cautiously approached the phantom. " Robert," she said, is that you I" " It's me, Mary Ann," responded the ghost, with characteristic disregard of Lindloy Murray ; " It's me, old woman, fiesb and blood." Then looking at her lovingly, the spirit of Robert Hancock faded away. Frequently 6ince has the ghost anpeared, not only to Mrs. Burton, but also toother residents of Baystreet, who are, or profess to be, temfi«d out of their lives. Since the trial of the will case, however, the burden of the ghost's song, according to Mrs. Burton, is always the same—"Cheer up, Mary Ann; you shall get the money J" Mrs, Button informed our reporter, that it is her confident opinion, that until she does get the money the ghost of her departed friend will continue to haunt the precincts of Bay-street. We decline to express an opinion ' on so mysterious a matter, but there is one fact which ought to be mentioned in connection with this extraordinary case that is, that Mrs. Burton, being doubtless astipng minded woman, does not seem to be in the least bit terrified at the sight of her departed friend, beholding the phautom, in fact, and speaking of its appearance, with the greatest coolness imaginable, and relating the story of the mysterious noises with a kind of subdued chuckle. ^ Death op Mas. Chisholm.—The last papers to hand from England record the death of Mis. Caroline Chisholm, a lady whose name will long lie remembered with gratitude and respect in Australia, She seems to have inherited from her father, Mr. William Jones, the philanthropic spirit by which he was distinguished. Audwhen after her marriage to Captain Chisholm, she went to Madras, her enthusiasm of humanity found scope in the establishment of an industrial school for the daughters of soldiers, whose neglected condition had awakened her compassion. When Captain Chisholm came to this country for his health, Mrs. Chisholm found a new and wide field for her benevolent exertions in aidiug emigrants, especially those of her own sex, to overcome the first difficulties of their position in a new country, and to obtain employment and homes. She made many long tour* up the country to carry out this design, and published the result of her observations for the information of those concerned in the work of immigration. In 1846, Captain and Mrs. Chisholm returned to England. And having become acquainted with the opportunities for colonial settlement in Australia, Mrs. Chisholm exerted herself at home to obtain facilities for the emigration of those whose condition made them desirous to seek advancement in the colony. She established in England the Female Colonisation Loan Society. A great many immigrants were brought out through hcv exertions. She returned to this country in 1854, and in various ways continued to seek the promotion of her great design—the settlement of families 111 the interior, and the opening of opportunities for industrious persons to obtain a comfortable living. Her zeal in this course prompted her to> lecture, as she did in Svdney, in favor of the principle of the Land Bill of 1861—free selection. After spending another twelve years 111 this colony, Mrs. Chisholm returned to "England m 1866, and spent the remainder of her life in that country. She was about 65 years of age. During the last few years she has eti'U manifested, by correspondence aud advice, her zeal tor the great work which engaged the efforts of her best day*. Dkbtiwotion nyPAjinoTs.—The blue-mountain parrots or lorriqucts are now (says the Spectator) to be seen about Hamilton in countless multitudes, and the devastation they commit seems almost to preclude the possibility of growing fruit of any kind, especially the later sorts. In some years these birds have attacked the cherries and other stoue fruit, but they appear to be most partial to pears, scooping out a deep hole near the stalk and extracting the juice by means of a brush-like appendage which Nature has furnished them at the top of the tongue. This year for the first time, these feathered vagrants have included the apple trees in their attentions, and what they will do next, is a matter for speculation. They attack the fruit before it is ripe, nnd when they once begin upon a tree the only plan ii to have all the fruit gathered at once, if'in its immature state it is worth anything. These lorriquete are far worse than that larrikin of its species, the sparrow, for they are almost omnivorous so far a3 vegetation is concerned, whilst their numbers are very formidable. Fire a gun amongst a flock of a hundred or two, settled in a pair tree, and they will just wheel round a few yards aud settle on the same tree 111 less than a minute. Scarecrows aud other like contrivances have no terrors for them, and even when a live 111 (in climbs up the tree to frighten them, they will eat the fruit from all the branches around him. When there is nothing left for the birds to devour in the gardens lhey betake themselves to the bush, where their natural food is the honey they obtain from the blossoms of the blue-gum and otiier native trees. iSnratrijA.it Tenacity op LtFE jk a. Fowl. — A correspondent communicates to the D. T), Gazet te the following curious facts which he had from an eye-witness:-—" Some nine mouths ago a barn at Mr. Pcechcv's Pawmills was filled with wattle iwirk to protect it from the action of the atmosphere ; there was in all about twenty tons of bark. At the time the bark was stacked in the barn there was a hen hatching within the barn some eggs in an old case, which contained two or three bushels of maize. No more notice was taken of the matter until the other day, when the men were emptying the barn to bring the bark into market; it was then discovered that the poor hen had been cooped up in this living tomb and shut up from the light of the outer world for nine Jong and dreary months with no other means of sustenance than the above mentioned corn and c;;gs which she had completely devoured, as there was nothing left in the case with her but a few egg shells. The nio-t extraordinary part of the matter is that she was still alive, aud this fact is intensified when it is known beyond a doubt, that during the whole of this loug confinement in utter darkness she had not one drop of water and it was impossible to obtain it from nny source. When she was brought into the lijjht, it seemed to have a bewildering effect upon her for some time, as the glare seemed to be too intense for her weakened orbits. She gradually recovered her vision, however, aud began picking about in the ordinary manner as if uothin" extraordinary had occurred. She was in a very meagre condition, as her breastbone was almost protruding through her skin, and she could not have held out much longer." A HrsT to Selectors.—We have found (writes the American A<jrieidturid) by experience that the best method of enbirging a supply of fodder, is to strictly save every particle of tnauure. By that increase, the number of stock which can be fed becomes greater every year, and very soon it will be necessary to go out and buv animals to cousume the surplus. " The ordinary management of manure, in open barnyards, where it"is washed by rains, dried by the sun's scorching heat, and wasted by every wind that blows, is the worst that is possible. In this way half or more of the value of the manure is lost. By figuring up what it would cost to purchase a quantity of manure equal to what is thus lost, the costliness of this common method would be discovered, and the question how much could be afforded to take care of the manure would lie settled. When properly littered, one cow will make a ton of manure every month, if the liquid as well as the solid portion is saved. Ten head would thus make 120 tons or 60 two-horse waggon- loads in a year. A pair of horses will make as much manure as one cow, or 12 tons in the year. A hundred sheep, if yarded everv night and well littered, will make 100 tons of'manure in a year, and ten pigs will work np a waggcn- loaif in a month, if supplied with sufficient coarse material. The stock of a 100-acre farm, which should consist of at least 10 cows, 10 head of steers, heifers, and calves, a pair of horses, 100 sheep, and ten pigs, would then make in the aggregate 316 tons of manure every year, or sufficient to give 12 tone per acre every fourth year. If this were well cared for, it would be, in effect, equal to double the quautity of the ordinary yard manure ; aud if plenty of swamp muck could be procured, at least 600 tons of the best manure could be made upon a 100-acre farm. If this was the rule instead of the rare exception, or only a possibility, what a change would appear upon 'the face of the country, aud what an rddition would be made to the wealth of the nation 1 To Protect Youxg Tabes fNON Rabbis AXD Harks.—Babbits and hares arc very destructive to young trees, by gnawing away the tender bark above the crown of the roots. Most trees outgrow danger from rabbits, which as a rule will only attack young trees; but hollies and laburnums are never safe aud the largest specimens are liable to destruction by these little pests, A teaspoonful of tincture of nsnfrntida in half a bucketful of liquid clay, mud, or muck of any kind, applied with a brush to a stein and branches of young trees, <vill preserve them from the attacks of hares and rabbits, without injury to the trees. Two or three applications during the winter will be sufficient. Mistakes About Cheques.—Counsel, says the & c ' l0 > m defending a prisoner who was chained on Thursday at the Quarter Sessions with uttering a valueless cheque, submitted that defendant had probably made the mistake which resulted in his present position, by neglecting ia filling up a cheque for £5—the cheque form being that of the Union Bank, Sydney—to mark out" Svdney " and substitute " lirisbaue," in which latter'hranch, it appeared in evidence, that defendant had an account, and had aa account since 1873. In summing up, and referring to this portion of the defence, his Honor Mr. Dowling spoke of the many mistakes with regard to cheques, which arc made by business men who were frequently in the habit of drawing them. But the other day he (Mr. Dowling) went into the Union Bank in bydney, and, although he had his eyes wide open, he made snch a mistake. Instead of filling up a cheque on the bank in which he then was (the Union), he, without noticing, had taken and filled up the form of another bant. He did not know what ho had done until he had presented the cheque he had filled up, and the clerk who received it said (smiling), "Jndge, do you know what von have been doing. You have presented me with a cheque drawn on another bank." Improvements is War,—An ingenious pamphlet has been written by a German on improvement in war. Believing'that war is but a natural outbreak of the pent-up forces of humanity, which must from time to time occur, he proceeds to show that its horrors are in great measure due to the injuries inflicted 011 peaceful civilians by a wanton destruction of life and property. War) he maintains, if properly conducted, should in no way affect non- combatants, except in bo far as they must suffer by reason of bereavements; and, moreover, much may be done to make it less disagreeable to actual combatants. With this view, he suggests that some neutral territory be set a*ide by the European Powers and devoted entirely to blood-shed. No fighting is, under any pretence whatever, to take place out of this territory, which is to be fitted up for war in the most elaborate fashiou. There is to be a trainingschool for nurses, a college for surgeons, and large hospitals. Prisoners of war will be confined in suitable buildings specially prepared for their accommodation. There are also to be vast cemeteries and depots for artificial limbs, &c.; These conveniences will l>e open to all nations wishing to fight at fixod and reasonable charges. Weapons of every description—and, in fact, all the appliances of war—may be bought or hired ; but no credit is to be given, and the charges for battlefields are to l>e paid before the first gun is fired. All profits after payment of expenses will be devoted to the maintenance of the widows and orphans of the fallen. The Discovert of Gold in Australia.—A correspondent sends the following to a contemporary :—In your issue of the 17th February there appeared some account of the discovery of Hold in Australia by Messrs, J. and W. Tom and J. H. A. Lister, in April, 1851. As brother to (and at that time resident with) the two first named, I can bear testimony to the truth of the 6hare that they claim in that important event. Mr. Hargraves had discovered specks of gold certainly, but so minute that they could only just lie seen by the naked eye 011 the palm of one's hand. But three or four had discovered as much years before ; one as early as 1S23 found specks between the Blue Mountains and Bathurst; later a Russian count found the same; and 1841 the Rev. W. B. Clarke also discovered small particles of the precious metal, and made the then Governor, Sir G. Gipps, aware of the matter; but bis Excellency objected, it is said, to have the matter made public, believing that it would greatly disturb society, without any commensurate bonefit accruing therefrom. Mr. Hargraves' chief merit lies in the fact that he showed the real discoverers of the first payable gold-field in Australia the way in which to prospect with a tin-dish and also the manner in which to make a washingcradle. He certainly did not discover, nor had be any hand in discovering, the first available goldfield—Ophir—though his partners kept honorably to their agreement with him writing him a full account of their success ; and, wheu he came up from Sydney, I saw them hand him the gold that they had found. They left the management of the discover}' in his hands; and the manner in which he reciprocated their confidence is a matter of history throughout a large part of New South Wales, as his too confiding colleagues, when too late, gave a correct version of the whole proceeding in the local paper— The Bathurst Free Press and Mining Journal, then edited by the late Mr. Win. Farrand. Lately, I believe, the Sydney Legislature has awarded him a pension. Just after the discovery the Sydney Government appointed him prospector-general, which appointment he held about one year, when it was abolished, no good having resulted from it; and I believe that I am correct in saying that Mr. Hargraves never discovered an available goldfield. He never offered to share any of the rich rewards that he received with his former partners, though these had been supplemented by a gift front the Victorian Government. His conduct requires no comment. Those who may remember the strong language in which the late Mr. W, C. Wentworth stigmatised the man in the Sydney Legislature, may consider him as not haviug been too hardly with. A natural enquiry arises as -to the continuance of this injustice by the Government and public of New South Wales; but the same thing has occurred with much greater discoverers. The great American continent, discovered by Columbus, was named after a private Florentine gentleman; while the great navigator died in misery, and I think ia chains. Absolute certainty as to the first European discoverer of Australia does not exist. Certainly it was not the much honored Cook. The honor of the first known composition of gunpowder is disputed! Though Sniderfe improvements in fire-arms were made use of, yet be died miserably in debt and despondency. And eo I might go on, but a respect for your space obliges me to end by subscribing myself your obedient servant, 