||iteitoe'& $zimzz. AN OPEN VERDICT. A NEW NOVEL. By the ArTHOK of ' Lady Atdlby's Sectiet,' ' Take-* at thb Flood,' u Dead Mr.s's Shoes,' ' Weavers and Weft,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the Auilior. All rights reserved. ] Chapter XXVI. — Cyril Rexouxcks Love and Fortune. Cyril Culverhouee was a miserable man. The woman he loved, the only woman he ever loved — was free to become liis wife, dowered with estates worth teu thousand, a year, and yet lie held himself aloof from her, and shrank from any act which should Tatify in the present the tie that had bound them m the past. He who should have been the* first to console the fatherless girl in the hour of bereavement and desolation, to support and counsel her under the diffi culties of sudden independence — he whose heart yearned towards her in her loneliness, stood apart and allowed her to believe him cold and heartless. The struggle had been a hard one^ — but after many troubled da}^s and wakeful nights he had made up his mind that it must be so. Beatrix and he could never go hand in hand along the path of life. The cloud that hung over her young life: might be a shadow which the light of truth would by and by dispel, but until the truth should appear, broad and clear as sunlight, he could not take Beatrix Harefield to his heart, he could not bind his life with hers. Did he believe her guilty of that hist and worst of crimes, the murder of a father ? Hardly. But he was not fully assured of her innocence. His mind had been wracked with doubt — ever since that day of the inquest when he had stood in the doorway and watched her pale stricken face and listened to her faltering words. There is nothing that the human mind more unwil lingly believes than a strauge coincidence ; and that coincidence of MissHarefield's pur cuase 01 ine lauaanum witmn a weeif ot her father's death by laudanum had been too much for Cyril's faith. Had his be loved been a penniless orolian and no worldly gain to be had from loving her, he might have reconciled his doubt with his honor and married her, trusting to time for the elucidation of the mystery that now stained her young life with the taint of possible guilt. But in this case there was too much for him to win — and in every feeling that drew him to Beatrix he recognised a snare of Satan. Little by little he had come to know that public opinion in Little Yafford — and even m the neighboring town of Great Yafford — had condemned Beatrix Harefield. Every detail of her conduct had been canvassed. Her late appearance on the morning of her father's death was taken as an evidence of guilt. She had feared to face the catas trophe her crime had brought about, and had feigned sleep to stave off the appalling moment. Or she had simulated that heavy slumber in order to support her story about the laudanum. Her suggestion that her father should be sought for in a certain room, and the fact that he was found iu that very room. Her lame story — obviously an after-thought — of the laudanum bottle in her mother's room. The fact that au empty bottle had been found there proved nothing. Beatrix had no doubt placed it where it was found. There had been ample time for her to do so between the first and second meeting of the Coroner's jury. Then as to motive ? Well, one need not look very far for that, argued Little Yafford. Mr. Harefield had been a tyrant, and had made his daughter's life miserable. She saw in his death a release from a stern gaoler, with the assurance of wealth and independence. Everybody knew — thanks to her dear, frank Mrs. Dulcimer — how cruelly the wretched girl had been treated, even forbidden to visit the Vicarage, where she had always been so happy. And then there was that secret love affair, which had been spoken about at the inquest. That would give a still stronger motive than her own wrongs. The more literary of Little Yafford, gentlemen who had dipped into old magazines and Annual Registers, quoted the case of Miss Blandy, an unfortunate young woman in the last century who had given Henley-on-Thames, the place of her birth and residence, a classic fame by poisoning her father with ratsbane mixed in his water-gruel. Again, aB to character. Everybody who was familiar with Miss Harefield — by meeting her occasionally in her drives and rides, or seeing her once a week at church — was aware that she was a girl of reserved and even melancholy temperament, from whom anything strange in conduct or morals might be expected. Then again she was of foreign extraction on the mother's side, and as euch prone to crime. She was Italian, and with a natural leaning to poison and parricide. And again those stock figures of the Borgia and . Cenci were brought forward and contemplated shud deringly in the lurid glare of their guilt. Some weak-minded persons clung to the idea that Mr. Harefield had taken an over dose of opium unwittingly, 'but this tame and, uninteresting theory was scouted by the majority. 'If Miss Harefield had not been an heiress we should have heard a good deal more about her father's death,' said Miss Coyney, draining her pretty Wedgewood teapot at one of her temperate symposia. Miss Coyney was quite angry with the '? Coroner for not having looked deeper into things. She spoke of him contemptuously as a hireling and a time-server. ' Cyril Culverhouse knew what people thought about the woman he loved— for he loved her none the less because he held himself aloof from her. His love: was deathless. Innocent or guilty he must love ' her to the end. He knew what people thought of his beloved; knew that even kindly Mrs. Dulcimer shook her head, and shrank from familiar contact with her hus band's ward. There was no one in Little Yafford except the Vicar who would take the slandered girl by the hand and boldly demonstrate his belief in her innocence. He, so easy-going on most occasions, was firm as rock here. He would have Beatrix at his house as often as she chose to come there— although the all-powerful' Rebecca would hardly look civilly at her as she ' waited at table-^and although poor Mrs. = Dulcimer was sorely pjeiplexed 'by her, pre sence. Clement Dulcimer was stanch; and defied hieparishionere, whom he stigmatised generally ae a pack of venomous scandal mongers, whose uncultured minds, unable to appreciate the strong sound meat of lite lature, battened upon carrion. -y ? If Cyril could have had. Mr. Dulcimer's faith he would have had Mr. Dulcimer's courage. He was no slave of other men's opinions, aud would have snapped his iin gera in the face of Little Yafford ir all had teen well within. But there was the diffi culty. That stricken face of Beatrix's, those wild startled eyes — as he had seen them in the candle-lit room at the Water House — haunted him like au evil dream. He saw guilt and remorse in those troubled looks — the fear of God and man. Had he ^| been a man who lived for himself alone — who had no higher aim in life than his own' happiness— Cyril Culverhouse might have stifled the voice of doubt, and listened only to love's pleading. But it was not so with him. He had chosen a loftier kind of life, lie had given himself a loftier aiija. He was to uve for others, and to make the lives of others better than their own un aided weakness would make them. He, who was to be the teacher and counsellor of others, must be, so far as it is possible for humanity, spotless in his life and \in his suiroundjngs. Could he marry a ?dfife of whom it could be said in one breath, ' She was suspected of poisoning her father,' and in the next, 'Yes, but she brought her. husband ten thousand a year V No. It was clear to him that this fatal' cloud of suspicion must make a life-long severance between Beatrix, and him. Love might have bridged the gulf, but honor and duty held him back. He had not seen. Beatrix since her father's death, and he had made up his mind to leave Little Yaffordi without seeing her. His business was to- announce his resolve in a manner that would give her the least pain possible ; but hew Jmew the blow would be hard to bear. \ He? knew that she loved him. with an intense-' and all-absorbing love. 'Oh, God. if she has sinned so deeply for the love of me,' he thought, in a moment of horror, finding himself suddenly on the= edge of a blank abyss of doubt down which, he dared not look,'' if to bring about out union she has done this hideous thin? ! But no, I will not believe her guilty. I will ^J pity and deplore her position, the victim off groundless suspicion. If I dare not sacrifice my duty to my love, I will at least believe her innocent.' He remembered that little speech of hers: during their chance meeting, on the moor, a speech that had shocked and revolted him at the time, and had been a painful recol lection to him afterwards. 'Is it wicked to wish for my father's death?' Did not that question imply that she had! already committed the sin? Was it possible that the wicked wish nursed and cherished had culminated in the fatal irre* vocable act ? The doubt tortured him. He had wavered for some weeks, not quite clear in his own mind what step he ought to take, hoping that some new piece of evidence, some detail in the story of Christian Harefield's death might place the whole business in a new light, and demon strate Beatrix's innocence. But Mr. Hare field had been dead a month, the first snowdrops were lifting their pale heads out of the dark borders, the robins were singing sweetly in the lengthened afternoons, and' nothing had been discovered to improve Miss HaTefield's position in the eyes «£ Little Yafford. Nay, rather, slander had. grown and intensified with discussion, and 4 people who had timorously hinted their doubts three weeks ago now boldly declared their conviction of the young; lady's guilt. ' ** ' How she can live in that big lonely house, with no one but her governess for company, is more than I can understand,'1 eaid Miss Coyney, ' she must be dreadfully hardened.' 'Something more will come out before long, you may depend upon it,' said Mrs.. Pomfret, the pew-opener, to her Sunday afternoon gossips over the black crockery teapot, with a sphinx squatting on the lid. This was the general opinion. Every body was waiting for something to come out. The servants had doubtless befen paid, to hold their tongues— dark facts had been kept back by bribery. But thej truth would come out sooner or later — even if~ Mr. Harefield's ghost had to walk like the elder Hamlet. *' It may he a very long lime, but it will all come out, sooner, or later,' said Mr. Tudway, an old bachelor retired from the^ button trade, a great xeader of magazines and Annual Registers, and the gentleman, who brought Lucretia Borgia and Beatrice Cenci on the tapis. ' Look at Eliza Fen ning.' '/?'??' 'Ah!' sighed MissCoyaey, 'Verytrue.' She had the vaguest recollection of Eliza Fenning,as associated uncomfortably with beefsteak dumplings, and hanged in conse quence of the association, but she was not goiDg to exhibit -her ignorance before - Mr. Tudway, who was disagreeably self satisfied on the strength of his stray para graphs and unconsidered scraps of infor— ?. mation. . . -+- Beatrix Harefield was slow to discover the current of public feeling. The shock of her father's death left her for a little while apathetic to all smaller emotions, and . when that wore off she had a new and. pressing grief in Cyril's unkindness and. abandonment. Her new sense of liberty brought her-.no- happiness— no desire to»^ . taete.the sweets of freedom, or to exchange the gloom and solitude of- the Water House for brighter scenes: r If her independence did not bring Cyril to her -side it brought' nothing; ' WSaWhj power/ liberty, were^ valueless wjthput hun.1 _: ., Tie .slow days went hyiand she waited: for her hpver to jnake some sign. At first \- she was inclined;**) impute his conduct to a restrainingdelicacy, but as time went ou a ; horrible fear began to take hold of her aching heart. He was.: purposely avoiding her. She had. spent her Sunday: evenings at .the Vicarage. Kenrick had :beeu therer hut never ©ynl. She toad heard Mrs. Dul cimer1 express her- iegret at the curate's absence, heard his excuses, which seemed hardry yaM— artdefc parishioner to visit — letters tp;wxite... ' ,„ , ' '.': J : ; ' ? ' I should have thought he wcjuld not . like to write: letters on a Sunday -evening.'' osaid Mrs. Dulcimer. - ** 3$ eeemsrather la£' «4*o you think it.more lax to wnte let 1ers ' than to 16rt at' tMs table talking of \\. worldly things— from -the last. village r scandal to the newest fashion jai' bonnet dawns P' speculated MivDiilcimer. Kenrick was staying at tffce Vicarage^ Mrfc'DiflcmijerviiadpreaBea Mm hospitably w po jtinaidi, There' was plenty of shooting ' inTis -neighborhood.' ~Mr^ftperi»d'Tnade~ him free of the Park preserves— and there ^ ??wasgoodisporttobehadjontheinoor.; Alto-J i^gether Jfteinrick felt that be might as 'well finish out his leave at little Yafford. His cousin worked so hard that Kenrick and he saw very little of each other, and Kenrick had not yet ventured to sound Cyril about Beatrix. It was a. tlelicate subject, and Kenrick felt greatly puzzled by his cousin's conduct. CJould- Cyril be such a fool .as to give any heed to the poisonous tongues of little ^afford P Kennck could hardly ima gine such folly, but he found it difficult to account for his cousin's avoidance of JUiss Harefield on any other ground, unless indeed it were an overstrained delicacy which held T»n' back from pushing his suit. On tbeevjening on which Cyril had arrived at a definite conclusion as to his line of con duct, Sir Kenrick dropped in at his lodgings, after the Vicarage' tea, to smoke a friendly pipe with his cousin. -*?,You are not going out this evening?' ?enquired Kenrick, when they had shaken hands. ' ''No, I have some letters to write.' ' 'Does that mean that I shall be a nuisance if I stay with you for an hour or two?' 'Not at all,' answered.Cyril. 'I shall be very glad to have an evening's talk, and my letters can be written better towards midnight than earlier.' ' That sounds as if the letters were im portant.' ' They are important,' said Cyril gravely, as he closed the desk before which he had been sitting for nearly an hour in troubled thought, trying to frame his letter to Beatrix so that it should wound as little as possible. ' What a hermit you are growing,' said Kenrick. ' You hardly ever come to the __Yicarage now.' 'I have so much to do elsewhere.' *' But on Sunday evenings,' suggested Ken Tick, helping himself to a pipe from the neat arrangement of meerschaums and briar- : woods ion the mantelpiece. 'Surely you could spare an hour or two after evening service for social intercourse. That is always the pleasantest time at the Vicar age.' 'I have been engaged even on Sunday evenings.' 'f Yes, of course, for a man who visits the poor there must be always an engage ment. That kind of- thing 'has no limit. Poor people like to be read to, and talked to, aiid compassionated. You can't suppose they would ever say ' Hold, enough.' But you ought to have some consideration for your own health and spirits. You are look ing ill and depressed.' ' I am not ill, but I plead guilty to feel ing depressed.' « What is the trouble ?' *' I have made up my mind to leave this place— dear as it^is to me. I am going to write to Mr. Dulcimer this evening, to tell him my intention.' 'You must be mad,' cried Kenrick. ' Leave Little Yafford, just when fortune is ready to pour her favors into your lap — just when Miss Harefield is free to be your wife ! You must be mad, Cyril.' *' If o, I have been sorely perplexed, but I am not mad. I' have deliberately weighed this question. Beatrix Harefield is to me the one perfect woman — the only woman I can ever love — but I cannot ask her to be my wife.' ' Why not, in heaven's name ?' *'I had rather not enter into my feelings on that point.' 'Do jou mean that you, a reasonabl man, with eyes of your own and a mind o ' your own to see and judge with, are going to be led and ruled by the petty slanderers of Little Y afford, malicious creatures who envy Miss Harefield her ten thousand a year and would like to think — or at any rate to make others think — that she jumped into fortuue hy crime ?' ' I despise slanderers and evil speakers,' -M»id P-irriL ' Vint, mv wiffi must ba snotless.' ' Yes, in your own eyes, and in the sight of heaven. It can matter to you very little ! -what Little Yafford thinks of her.' 1 ' To me individually, nothing — to my office a great deal. The wife of a priest must be above suspicion — her name and fame must be unshadowed.' 'Abandon your office then. You can afford to do it if you marry a woman with ten thousand a year.' Cyril turned upon the speaker with eyes that flashed angrily across a cloud of gray smoke. ** Keurick, can you believe for one mo ment that I took that office as a means of Jiving, or that the gain of wealth or happi ness would tempt me to surrender it ? I should think myself a- new Judas if I could turn my back upon my Master to marry the womafil love. ' Keep your omcethen, ana marry ner an the same. Live down' this slander. Stand up bravely before the world with your wife i-y your side, and let men say the worst they cau of you. Your life and hers will be jour answerl' ''Thev would say I had married her T-ecause she has ten thousand a year,' said Cyril. 'I should do no good with her money. It would turn to withered leaves in my keeping. No, I love her-^-shall love her to the end— innocent or guilty— but I -will not link my life with hers. Every hour of it would be a struggle between love and doubt.' 'Innocent or guilty,' echoed Kenrick. *- .' I see you are as Dad as the rest. I should not have thought tiiat possible. You have . quite made up your mind then, CyriL You abandon all hope of winning Miss Hare field.' ' Entirely.' 'So be it,' said Kenrick. 'Then let us talk of other things.' Though Sir Kenrick proposed a change of conversation he was curiously silent and ab sent for the next half hour, and gave Cyril ample leisure for thought. The two young men eat smoking and looking at the lire as they had done on many a previous evening, each wrapped in his own thoughts. When the clock in the hall struck ten Sir Kenrick emptied the ashes out of his pipe andput it back in its proper place on the mantlepiece. ' Well, good- night, old fellow,' he said in his usual careless style. ' How soon do you think of leaving this place. ?' ' Before the end of the week.' ' That's Budden.' 'Yes, but you remember what the Giaour said M Better to sink beneath the shock Than moulder piece-meal on tharock.' ' Painful partings cannot be too sudden.' « You will inconvenience Mr. Dulcimer.' \-- Not much. He got on without a curate for six months before I came.' ~« Where we you going ?' 'To Bradford.' I * 'A horrible manufacturing hole,' ex claimed Sir Kenrick. ' 'A place where there is good workto be done- by any man strong enough to, do it.' - ' Oh, you are mad, Cyril, that is all — a fanatic. No fakir with shrivelled arms was ever worse. But I wish you well, dearfel low, wherever you go.' Kenrick went away, wondering at his cousin's foolishness. He did not know how far things had gone between Cyril and Beatrix, or he might have wondered still more. He thought Cyril might have won Miss Harefield by trying. He did not know she was already won. Chapter XXVH.— 'Thosk are the Kn-tiNa Griefs which Dare Not Speak.' By slow degrees Beatrix arrived at an understanding of her position. People in Little Yafford believed her guilty of her father's murder. The idea was horrible, and she would have fled, like Orestes from the Eumenides, but pride came to her rescue, and she stayed, defying all the slanderous tongues and cold cruel eyes in the village, from the judicial discourse and the pale gray orbs of Miss Coyney, to the lively comment and little red brown rat-like optics of Mr. Tudway. She met cold looks and averted heads at the church door, where she had been wont to find herself saluted with nods and becks and wreathed smiles, and a world of sympathy and friendliness. Now and then she encountered a startling glance, as of wonder that she should dare to enter the church. Even Mrs. Dulcimer was cold, and seemed embarrassed by Beatrix's presence, though affecting all the old cordiality. But the vicar was full of kindness, and tried to make up for every body else's cruelty. TTi« charity was not of the officious kind which forces itself upon people who do not want it, but. it was that stronger ana wiaer cnariw wuicn is inex haustible for those who' do. He had let Beatrix come and go as she pleased hitherto, and had never pressed her to remain. Now he took her under his wing, brought her from the Water House to the Vicarage on his arm, and let the little village see that he was not ashamed of his ward. ' Mr. Dulcimer always cared too much for the flesh pots of Egypt,' said Miss Coyney. 'Miss Harefield's money blinds him to her character. A sad thing to see a minister of the gospel so devoted to worldly i things.' One day, stung by the disapproving look of a face that passed her in the village street, Beatrix made a sudden appeal to Miss Scales. ' What does it all mean ?' she asked in an agitated voice. ' Why do these people give me such horrible looks — or pretend not to see me ? I don't want their friend ship. They are nothing in the world to me. But I can't' endure to live in an atmosphere of dielike. What does it mean ?' ' My dear Beatrix, I had rather you did not ask me,' Miss Scales answered stiffly. Her manner had been gaining stiffuess ever since her return from Devonshire. A deeplv bordered letter had come to announce the aunt's death, and a week after there had come another letter in a blue envelope from a local solicitor who had drawn the oil lady's will, to inform Miss Scales that her aunt had appointed her sole executrix and residuary legatee. There was a legacy to the faithful old servant — a little sum in Consols to provide for puss and pug — ancient favorites who had quarrelled regularly for the last fifteen years— and all the rest went to Miss Scales. She was now a lady of property like her pupil, with au unen cumbered estate of nearly two hundred a year. ' It would have been quite two hundred,' said Miss Scales, ' if it hadu't been for the monev in Consols left to Martha. I think my aunt might have left me to provide for Martha, and Floss and Fido. I should have taken care they never wanted anything.' ' Perhaps they would rather be able to take care of themselves,' Beatrix had re plied, a speech which was not agreeable to Miss Scales. ' But I must ask you,' said Beatrix, as she drove her pony carriage up the moor land road; 'whom else can I ask? — have I so many friends ready to give me infor mation ? You must answer me.' ' 1 do not recognise any obligation to do eg unless I choose, Beatrix,' Miss Scales replied severely. ' The question you put is a very painful one. 1 cannot deny that there is an unpleasant feeling about you in people's minds. Your purchasing laudanum at different shops — forgive me if I say in an underhand and crafty manner ? ' . ' They would not have given me enough at one shop,' interrupted Beatrix, ' and I seas almost mad for want of sleep.' I ♦{ My dear, I am not finding fault with you. 1 God forbid that I should judge you. But altogether the circumstance was most unfor- I tunate, and it has had a painful effect upon 1 people's minds. I am not sure, Beatrix, I that it would not be well for you to leave Little Yafford.' 'What! run away from these people because thev are vile enough to believe this hideous thing?' cried Beatrix pas sionately. 'No; that is a thing I will j never do. I will live here till my hair is gray rather than let them think their false judgment has driven me away.' 'Well, Beatrix, I am very sorry,' said Miss Scales. ' I think a tour in Switzer land — or a residence in Hanover, where you might acquire the German language with the best accent — would be good for you in every way. And perhaps before you came mck something would transpire to show people they had misjudged you. However, you must do as you please, of course. I have no authority. Mr. Dulcimer is your guardian ; so long as he is satisfied I cannot r»nmt»lRin. Anv how. mv dear, with regard sto myself — I have been wishing to mention jit for some time, but did not like while your papa's death was so recent — I am going ;to leave you and settle in Devonshire. J '?? Beatrix was petrified. She had consi dered Miss Scales as much a fixture as the H)ld eight-day clock in the hall— nay, as the ;Water House itself, or as the massive old ibridge with its single arch, which had ^spanned the river ever since the time of .the Bomans. Miss Scales was tiresome, and given to much preaching and the use ^of Johnsonian locutions without the cor rectness of Johnson. She easily degene 'rated into a nuisance, but Beatrix was used ^to her, and regarded her as a part of life. 'Such fondness as grows out of time and custom Beatrix had for Miss Scales, though nottke affection that sprines from merit or sweetness in the object of it. That Miss , Scales could 'wishPto remove herself per ; manently-from 1foe Water House was of all s things the most startling. It was as if the cedar on the lawn had uprooted itself and : walked away to shade some other garden. ' Leave me !' cried Beatrix, pale with * surprise ; ' you really can't mean it ?' : ' Indeed, my dear, I do. My^ dearest Aunt Judson has left me a nice indepen dence ; and at my age you would hardly expect a person to go on working.' 'There need be no work,' said Beatrix eagerly. ♦' I need not trouble you any more with my studies. I can read to myself instead of to you; it will make no difference. You can have all your mornings free.' ' You cannot suppose that so long as I remained with you I could neglect the im provement of your mind, Beatrix,' severely exclaimed Miss Scales, fully believing in her own style of grinding — quite forty years behina the spirit of the age — as an improving process. ' No, my dear, that is not the -consideration. I want to live in my own house. Dear Aunt Judson has left me a bijou cottage at Waxmonth, and all her beautiful furniture ; and I feei it a duty I owe to myself after all these years of scholastic toil to settle down. I shall be on the spot to see after Floss and Fido, whom I should not like to leave to the care of a hireling, however well provided for.' ''This was a stray javelin flung at the faithful servant to whom Mrs. Judson had left five hundred pounds in Consols. ' Oh, very well, Miss Scales, if you like Floss and Fido better than me ? ' said Beatrix proudly, giving the reins a little shake that sent'Puck into a canter. ' Beatrix, are you trying to murder me ?' cried the terrified Miss Scales. ' Stop that pony this instant, or Pll take the reins out of your hands.' ' If you do that we shall certainly be in the ditch. There, Puck is quiet enough ' As to my liking Floss and Fido better than you,' pursued Miss Scales with her judicial air, when Puck had resumed his accustomed trot, ' that is a very unfair way of putting it. I have my own happi ness to consider.' ' Yes,' said Beatrix, * that seems to be the first consideration with everybody.' _ ' If we cannot discusa this question without temper, Beatrix,' remonstrated Miss Scales ? ' We cannot. At least I cannot,' answered Beatrix, quickly. 'You have lived with me ever since I can remembsr. Yes, one of the first things I can remember is standing at your knee on a hot summer morning droning over a selection of the psalms in words of one syllable. That psalm about the wicked man and a green bay tree for instance. I never see & bay tree without remembering how hard it was to learn to read. You have lived with me ever since I was in my cradle, and yet you talk of leaving me as coolly as if I were nothing to you.' ? ' Jtty dear .Beatrix, tne parting wm db very painful to me — but it would be more painful to remain.' ' Why ?' asked Beatrix freely. ' Because I could not bear to see people look coldly upon you. I could not live in a house under such, a cloud as that which overshadows your house.' 'I see,' cried Beatrix, her face har dening. ' You believe what these people believe. ' I have not said that.' ' No, you would not dare to say it. But you are vile enough to think it — you who have known me all my life. This ends everything between us.' ' I should think so,' said Miss Scales. *'I pack my trunks to-night, and leave Little Yafford the first thing to-morrow morning.' ' It will be best so,' replied Beatrix, and she turned Puck with a suddenness tuat swung the chaise round in a manner to make Miss Scales a second time in fear of her life. Beatrix drove home in silence, went straight to her own room and shut herself in there. Her own maid Mary carried her up some tea, and she sent a message to Miss Scales excusing herself from going down to dinner on the ground of a headache. Had she said a heartache it would have been the truth. Miss Scales eat her dinner in a sullen state, meditating her new life of indepen dence with Floss and Fido. She asked Peacock to order a fly for her at a quarter to seven o'clock next morning, in time to catch the quarter past eight London train at Great Yafford. She devoted the evening to packing her trunks, weeding out a few scarecrow odds and ends of finery from the garden oi ner waruruue «*o «? (wi««w-i'» to Mary. She left the Water House in the early winter grey without having seen Beatrix. Peacock handed her an envelope at the last moment, which she opened pre sently in the fly. It contained no word of farewell, only bank-notes for the current quarter's salary. This was the first absolute desertion. Beatrix felt it heavily. She had been wounded at Bella Scratchell's keeping aloof from her as she had done since her visit ended. She was more deeply wounded by Miss Scales's abandonment. Before the day was out she was to receive another and much heavier blow. A letter was brought her late in the evening from Cyril Culverhouse. It was only the second letter she had ever received from him, but i she could have sworn to his handwriting if it had been shown her among a thousand. There is no expert keener eyed in these things than love. \ ? 'At hist!' she said to herself, with a great wave of joy drowning her heart. It never occurred to her that the letter I might bring evil tidings. It was like the I leaflet in the beak of the dove. It meant that the dark days were ended, and the glad world was beginning to smile upon !her again. It was a long letter, but she 'had not read many lines before deBpair 'seized her. She uttered no cry or groan. She sat with the letter held tightly in her convulsed hand, devouring the cruel words. ' My dearest and only beloved — Before leaving this place, I write to explain my conduct of the hist six weeks, which must j have seemed cold and unworthy, and to explain my course in the future, which may offend her for whom I could sacrifice most things rather than offend. I have made up my mind to leave Little Yafford. I have made up my mind never to marry. I Reasons which I cannot enter upon have I urged me to this resolution. I have loved I 'deeply, fondly, with an unmeasured and absorbing love ; but T have schooled, myself ' to surrenaeTthelope 'of fhappliiess which' ; made life very fair and-sweet, and which I once deemed not incompatible with my calling -and the duties that belong to' it. 'Forgive me, Beatrix, for the pain, this letter may cause you — forgive me for the part I have had in your life. Had Pro vidence willed fotme to find you indepen dent and poor we might have been happy ; as it is, I am assured that only misery, remorse, and regret would follow our union. ' May God bless you. May he pardon and pity you, in all your need of pardon and pity. The best of us need both at his hands. I take up my pilgrim's staff with a heavy heart, and go my way, cheered bv no pro mise in the future, sustained only by the hope of doing some good work among my fellow men before I die. '' Oh, Beatrix, if you knew how my heart yearns towards you — how my whole being is rent as I write this cold farewell, you would pity me as I pity you — for 1 have need of all your pity. ' I will write no more. Words are no balm for a real and lasting sorrow. ' Farewell, Beatrix ; and whatever you may think of me, believe at least that you are the only woman I have ever loved — the only woman I can ever love. ' Yours, in deepest sorrow, ' Cyril Culvebhotise.' This ended all. It was very clear to her that her lover thought as Little Yafford thought. In his eyes too she was a guilty wretch for whom he could feel nothing but pity. ' He was the only creature who ever really loved me since my mother died,' she thought, ' and now he has deserted me.' (To he continued.) 