EXORCISING THE DEVIL. The Chinese camp on Friday night re sembled a vast beehive more than any thing else, for it was crowded from dusk •until dawn by larrikins, Chinese, and sight-seers male and female. The annual ceremony of providing food, raiment, and firing for the souls of those Chinese who have died by violence or accident was performed, a priest coming from Dunolly to officiate. About £30 was collected to pay expenses, and was laid out in fire wood, food, and paper patterns of cloth ing. At dusk a large fire was lit in the open air, and tom- toms, kettledrums, and reed pipes used, to produce an ear-split ting chorus. This music, unearth]}- though not very spiritual, was kept up until mid night, to attract the attention of the spirits for whose benefit the good things were provided. Spirit etiquette seems to be the same all the world- over, and it is not " the thing" for even Chinese ghosts to walk before midnight. At that witching hour, gin and wine were spilt upon the earth, and dishes wherein rice, fowls, fruit, vegetables, and pudding formed an olla jtodrida were placed round the fire. When the spirits were supposed to have eaton enough to last them for another twelvemonth and warmed themselves_thoroughly, the paper clothes were burnt amid many quaint ce remonies. The food was then distributed among the paupers of the camp, a group of the loathsome lepers from near the Uifle Butts, who had crawled to the cere mony, getting a fowl to themselves. These poor wretches, living horrors, appeared to enjoy their night out, but would have got little of the spirit food had it not been for Constable Thompson. The larrikins be haved shamefully during the earlier part of the night, and on one occasion took possession of the wood-stack and piled every log on the fire. Constable Thomp son, summoned by 50 Chinese, drove them off, and the Chinese recovered their wood. Iiuckily, heavy rain drove most of the boys home before midnight, and the Ce lestials completed the sacrifice in Deace.— JBallctrat Star. 