WILLIAMSTOWN. BY A STRANGER . Geese, cattle and sea seem to be the chief characteristics of this interesting seaport. My residence here has been a matter of five moniths spent in idleness and observation, and I venture to say that I have seen more geese about this place than it has ever been I my annoyance to witness in any other portion of the globe to which my travels have called me. My wish is, that some kind person will, through the medium of any paper en- lighten me as to whether this suburb is en tirely devoted to the propagation of that branch of the feathered tribe above referred to, or if the ghosts of all departed geese wing their flight here, to perpetuate the troubles they have infliated on mankind since the days of ancient Rome. To come to cattle, they are to be found wandering and grazing in all directions; some are tethered on the unoccupied and unbuilt portions of land, either in or at the corners of the streets. The feed is not cottonbush or saltbush, but consists principally of cape-weed, which I am informed by squatting friends is admir- ably adapted to the fattening of cattle ; and so it seems to be, as all the beasts down here do not look as if they were underfed. I want to know if these waifs and strays are taxed by the municipality, but being a "stranger" can't get at the information. There appear to be a lot of councillors here with the usual adjunct of a Mayor at their head, but what they do I am at a loss to know-unless it is squabbling. Then there is the representative in Parliament. Theless said about him the batter. I declare I have forgotten the sea, that is the attraction which brings down the visitors in the summer time. It is bright, beautiful and free, and has only one fault which is that it is shut in by heads. Yesterday was a great era in the history of tlhis place, viz the inauguratioin of a Thursday semi-holiday. I trust it will answer, although the Front (as the natives call it) looked rather funereal during the afternoon.' Altogether Williams town is a place to be cultivated (in the sum. mer season) and bar the sharks-which are soon to be exterminated-bathing can be freely indulged in without expense. It is quieter and cheaper than St. Kilda, and that is why the writer likes it. Taking up the thread of my narritive, I find myself wandering about the soi disant beach. It is composed of waterworn stones and just enough seaweed to give it a colour ing. The marine growth is similar to what we see at home, excepting the "tangles" which have not been found in my researches. One thing I discovered which gave me great delight and that was the waving fields of Samphire that met me at every turn, just springing into life. You have read of the dangers surrounding the seemingly innocent work of gathering the weed. Somebody, Wilkie Collins, I think, wrote a thrilling tale about the " Samphire gatherers," wherein he told of moving incidents by flood and field, &c.;,&c.;, k , broken ropes let down the. bold adventurers on the face of the cliff, and when they had enough to grasp and place in their basket, the treacherous hempen cord gave way and hurled them into eternity. My experience Samphire hunters is gained by a long course of observation on the west coat of England and if I thought the occu- pation of your space was not encroached on to its utmost limits I might relate a thrilling tale which would make your readers' heart curdle with horror. The weed e"groias' here oh the beach li- st luxirianitly and.there is no diUficulty whhtever in gathering it: .' , .Reb'eniin d. 'fodis' oiton.i Having been guilty of a graveif digirassion;' I return to my sheep. The batteries and cemet-ry inter ested me this morning, the guns.;wore there and the place kep'iti order, but these instru merts of destruction will never be used, as "Sir William J.erris has decreed 'that' "'ro tection" mhst be used at Port Phillii Heads. Wliy a foreign war ship should not get .into' the bay udilr.falso coloiis aiid bombard the .city I cannnt'coi?mrelend. It will be done yet, when England or rather Britain, goes to war we will have a nice little "sop tdo'Cr-'. berp'tt" and gainay. it whio so'wilt, and .your, native " protection": (I use the'word again) iiill do nothing for tls..?:Inuclosing this por-. tins of mny letter, I givoyou fair warning, i. imy3 readers, that torpddoesiwill n tt close the 'ntrance to Port Plillip fBeadi and that any vesýel, be it war or merchant can flnd its' ,ay into Hobso n's Bay aiid' bombaii thl ity of cl?bourne. The inhabitants of all the colonies .of !. Australia i will. have to' cry icionavl to the motiher ciunt&,' arid when the .'Stranger" .aid i ptlie'.pblish'ers of the Cltronicle.are taking'th ir lofig rest,"tho f6r .meir's "experihc will coine to the filid and. tell our reaulra that what he has written is solbd ntiiruni. 'I intiiid'wiiting to you furtlic abeeut ,thie' 6' Wiliiistlwn w'rkshidps,' tlihe cemetery nodveoith'oIjr61ectf'interest ingl t Zo' \Wllli.ninton'flktl.'-:i the'meanitim I am th e ., " ' "'"''' - . .'S TRS aEi ' ' .!"". 