GENERAL NEWS. . ' Mr; James Maddigah, a tailor, living in Wright-street west, reported at tbe Police .^Station on Tuesday that he had found his wife dead in hed at 7 o'clock that morning. Shalud not been ailing, and the cause of death ii unknown.' The City Coroner has been com municated with, and an inquest will no doubt beheld. ; Qte 22 South. Australian, cricketers who are to play the All-England Eleven will meet far practice-on the Oval this afternoon. Mr. A. E.. Lungley has accepted the position of Captain _to the-team.-.Through an inadvertence, the name A.-Davies -appeared in the list we pub lished on Saturday in. place of Jarvis, who is tbplay. ; - An influential deputation waited on the Commissioner of Public'Works on Tuesday, April 10, to urge that a bridge might be erected \- across the River Light, a little to the south of the Hamley Bridge Township, and that the road between Templers, between the old North-road and Hamley Bridge might be placed on the schedule of main lines of road. The Commis sioner promised to get an engineering report as to 'the first matter, and said if the Main Roads Bill was brought forward in Parliament for amendment, -the road - in question was one which should receive consideration. pChe following notice was posted outside the Telegraph Office on Tuesday morning, April 10)—'.' Cable,communication between India and Aden was successfully duplicated on the 4th instqnt, thus giving duplicate communication between India and Europe. The Rangoon cable wa9 also successfully laid on Saturday, the 7th instant, hut is not yet open to the public." This notice was forwarded to and appeared in the Melbourne Argus several days ago. - How is this ? The Governor, Sir W. W. Cairns, K.G.M.G., visited the Adelaide Gaol on Mon day, April 9. His Excellency was accompanied by the Acting Sheriff (Mr. Hinde), the Under secretary (Mr. Josiah Boothby), and the Aide-de-Camp (Captain Haggard). The vice regal party spent two hours in viewing the gaol, and throughout expressed their satisfaction with the efficient way in which the institution is conducted. '.The cleanliness of .the. various yarils [and the discipline, were singled out for especial remark, and .at the close of his visit His Excellency recorded in the visitors' book his ; opinion of the place. . He wrote—" On. my first visit I am quite; satisfied with all the internal arrangements,: and consider that the management is very creditable :to the various officers "erhployed." This must be very gratifying to Mr. Howell, the Keeper of the Gaol, whose efficient services are -thus deservedly compli mented. _V: .■ '. Theresult of Monday's scrutiny of the votes recorded for the vacancies in the-Legislative Council was to slightly alter the position of the .candidates. The six highest now stand in the following, order:—Morgan, Crozier, Baker, English; Pearca, Glyde. The boxes now re maining to be examined are those from the Districts of "Wallaroo, Victoria, Stanley, Butra, and;Flinders. ■ • ... Mr. D. Murray, MiP., has resigned his position as a member of the Council of Educa tion! owing to his election to the House of Assembly. ,. • It will he seen by an advertisement in another column that the time for receiving entries for the rifle matches to be held to morrow has been extended. It is stated that the goods of the Rev. Father Paul, Catholic priest at Auckland, have been seized for nonpayment of the education rate. Arrangements hdve been made for, a cricket match, the proceeds from which are to he given to the Children's Hospital Fund, to he played between the All-England Eleven and 30 members of the Muff Cricket Club. The Border. Watch states that " the total yield of potatoes.in the Mount Gamhier district will: he about 9,000 tons. Deducting small potatoes, and a supply for home consumption and ;seed, this shoqld leave between 5,000 and 6,000 tons for export." Several benevolent persons having offered to supply parcels of fruit for the passengers "on board the immigrant ship British Enterprise, we are authorised to state that arrangements have1 been made, for the transmission, free of cost, of such gifts by the 10 o'clock train every morning from Adelaide. Tenders have been accepted by the Council of Education for the erection of schools and teachers' residences at Narridy and Blyth, and for additions to the school at Roseworthy. Tenders received for the erection of the pro posed East Adelaide School have been referred to the architect for report. . The Supreme Court 5at in Baueo; ui ' Equity, and in its Matrimonial Causes Jurisdic tion for a short time on Monday, April 9, but transacted no businc s of public interest. The Matrimonial Causes Court will sit again on \- Friday, and the Supreme Court in Banco and in Equity on Saturday... Ori Wednesday, April 4, near Millieent; a boy aged seven years, 'son of Mr. George Fensom, farmer, had one of his legs acci dentally broken at the thigh through a dray tippiDg up on him.. He" was conveyed to the Mount Gambler Hospital, where the limb was .set. . . " A meeting of the Victorian. 'Football Club was held at- the Scotch Thistle Inn, Kermode-street, on Monday evening, April 9. -Mr. G: Downs occupied the chair, 'There were. 30\. members present. Mr,, Downs was elected Captain,"and Mn R. Whitfield Secretary ; 17 new members were also elected, and the date for the' opening game was fixed.. , i , j _ A tea and publife; meeting to welcome -the Rev. Mi McK. Dick to the pastorate of the Congregational Church, Port Adelaide, took place at the Church on Monday evening, April 9\. 1 The Hon. R. A. Tarlton presided, arid several .ministers and;)others .addressed the. meeting, at which there was a large attendance. \--5 *'JWe are informed," states the Border "WatcTl^'i that Mr. J. Inglehy, M.P.. has sent in his resignation to the Speaker as a member for this district. Business considerations, we be lieve, have induced him to take thislstep. The-, constituency generally will no doubt regret to • lose Mr. Ingleby's services, more especially as there may be a difficulty in getting a suitable successor." - . v. j A deputation from Wasleys attended at the office, of the Minister of Education on' Mpn-' day morning.1 Mr. Ward . being prevented' ..by illness'from receiving 'them, the" Attorney General supplied his . place.. ^Tlie deputation was introduced by Mr.'W/Cayenagh,' M.P. , Mr.: G. Thomson] the principal ' speaker; ■ hhying urged the claims 'of the' district for. a Go ve' h ment school; the Attorney-General1 gave the deputation a favorable reply. '" . . ; The Eliza, a small steamer, which has been for some time: past engaged at Port Pirie towing and lightering, has been chartered-by the Government to go the rounds of 'the quaran tine ground. She left Port Pirie .on Saturday,: and, reached the Semaphore on Monday evening after a very good passage. The police drafted off for the duty of keeping watch over the quarantine ground will bo accommodated on board the steamer until, the infected vessels are awarded pratique. ; ... _ i We hear from a competent authority on the new diggings that several parties on Biggs's Flat are continuing to do very well, and: that shafts ate being sunk, leading to payable gold, still further removed from .the- original prospectors'claims. Many are leaving disap pointed, but they are for the most part persons wanting in experience in gold digging. The more knowing ones expect to make still better finds than any that have yet rewarded their labors, i ■ ; i At a meeting of the City Council, held on Monday, April 9, a letter was read from the contractor for the new City Bridge, stating that the structure would be completed and ready to open for traffic on or before the 18th of the present month. The arrangements connected with the opening demonstration were left to His Worship the Mayor. A motion by Coun cillor Mathews, that the new bridge shoiild be named the Albert Bridge, was negatived, it being felt that the name City Bridge was the most appropriate. . The first of a series of evangelistic services, conducted by Mr. W. Corrie Johnston, was held in the Presby terian Church, Flinders street, on Monday evening, April 9. There was a good congregation. Mr. Johnston took for his text —■" The Holy Ghost whom God hath given to them that obey Him."—Acts v. 32. The address was characterised by the great ability with which it waFdelivered and the earnestness of the speaker, and it appeared to make a great impression on those present. The services will be continued throughout the week. ; The Glenelg Railway Company advertise that the train which usually leaves Adelaide at 11 o'clock at night will not, during the opera season, be dispatched until after the termination of the performances at the theatre, time being allowed for those who attend the opera to re-ch . the station before the train is started. We also observe that a special conveyance is announced to leave Glenelg in time to reach town for the opening of the opera, and to start on the return journey at its close. The Glenelg people will thus he enabled to choose their mode of travelling—either by road or rail. The impressive service of raising a candidate to,the order of the priesthood,according to the ritual of the Church of Rome, was cele brated at the Roman Catholic Cathedral, Wake field-street, on Sunday morning, April 8, by-the Right Rev. Dr. Reynolds. The church was crowded. The Rev. Father Prendergast preached the ordination, sermon, speaking of the high dignity to which the members of the priesthood are raised. The candidate who was raised was the Rev. M. Sullivan, a student of St. Aloysius College, Sevenhills. This is the second gentleman from that College who has received Holy Orders, the other being the Rev. G.(Williams, who was ordained last month on the Feast of St. Patrick. The Hon. R. A. Tarlton has. shown ns a letter he has received from the Bev. James • Jefferis, dated Sydney, April 3, in which the rev. gentleman says :—" The journey overland was very enjoyable ; an old traveller like my self laughs at inconveniences which annoy others. The entire distance was a holiday trip, and I would gladly repeat it next week. I felt a strange longing when near ing. Sydney to turn round and just journey bask again., If I-dared I would have done it. My heart sunk within me as the new life began to open into reality. Again and again I yearn f07.the.0ld scenes.and friends and labors, but .in three months time, no doubt, I shall he pulling . steadily in this new and galling harness on the new and uphill road." : , Afire occurred on the property of Mr. "Win. Behder, of Tothill's Creek, on Tuesday, April 4, during that, gentleman's absence from home. A haystack of about 25 tons, a chaff house, and the stabling were completely de stroyed, and it was only through the strenuous exertions of some neighbors and Mr. Behder's : assistants that a haystack some 10 feet distant was! saved. Mr. S, Dawson, J.P.j held an in quest at Mr,-Behder's house on Friday, April 6. Mr. Small, agent of the Liverpool, London, and Globe Insurance Company, attended to watch the proceedings on behalf of that Company. TheI Jury agreed that the fire was wilfully caused by some : person unknown. We are in formed that this is the' third case of a like cha racter that has occurred during the past month. A largely-attended meeting bf ratepayers was held at the Pier Hotel, Glenelg, oh Monday evening, April 9, to consider various matters connected with the municipality;- His Worship the Mayor (Mr. W. B; "Wigley, M.P.) occupied the chair. It was decided'-that a deputation should wait upon the Government and requeit them to do something to prevent the overflow of the Biver Sfcurt damaging property at Glenelg, because the Glenelg Corporation had no power to spend money outside of that muni cipality ; that, it was exceedingly undesirable tiiat the Adelaide and Glenelg Bail way Com pany should be charged for the privilege of running their engines along the Jetty-road; and that the; meeting approved of a tram way being constructed from Moseley-street to .Brighton. \- * At a recent meeting of tlie New Zealand. Government it was decided that the whole of the officers (about 400 in number) 'employed in the newly-erected public .offices .shall attend from half-past 9 in the morning until half-past 4 in the. afternoon^-In.order to prevent any in convenience arising from the want of refresh-; ment, the Government have allowed a portion of the Government premises to be set apart as a refectory, and have advanced £200 towards its fitting up and appointments in the way. of culinary and dining-room furniture. No officer, will Be allowed to leave the buildings without special leave from his chief, and it will be. the • duty of heads of departments to see that leave of absence is not given so promiscuously during luncheon-hour as to lead to ..crowding or confu sion in the refreshment-room. Smoking in any. part of the public offices iB strictly prohibited. . On Monday evening, April 9, the inaugural soiree of the eighteenth session of the North Adelaide Young Men's Society wa3 held in the schoolroom beneath the Congrega tional Church, North Adelaide. There was a large and an appreciative audience. The pro gramme, though not large, was well selected, consisting of duets, songs, &c.;,, and concluded with the second scene from the Poet Laureate's recently produced drama " Harold." After an overture by Miss McNico], the Chairman (Mr. T. W. Harris) said / he held his; position through '-'being the oldest member - of the Society, a' position which had been occu-. pied worthily for the past 17 . years by the Eev. Mr.;Jefferis,to whom they had tendered a tangible arid sincere recognition of "the value cf the services he had rendered the Society^ He hoped that Mr. Jefferis's exampl would remain with them for years to come. In comparison with other Societies they held their own ; although numerically they were not the strongest,still'their library equalled any. Thepast session had been marked by an unusual amount of thoughtfulness, "and "he had every reason to think the session they were then inaugu rating would , not be ■ behind-its predecessors. \- In concluding, Mr. Harris warmly'recommended the Society to all young men; desiring good: companions and "wholesome culture, also ex pressing a wish that their ranks -wquld be" Augmented, which w'ould not only benefit the' Society, but he hoped would confer advantages on "those joining. The Misses Everett in the duet, " I heard a voice," which was sung well and : in good/ time, "were deservedly encored, as was Mr. Oehlmaun in the popular song. "Come into the garden. Maud." In the drama, . Harold (Earl cf "Wessex) was. taken,by Mr, D. J. Aclc3ck, Wil lfam (Count of Normandy) by Mr. A. H. Neale,. Malet (a Norman ncble) by Mr. F. Johnson, and "SYulfnorth (Harold's brother), by Mr. F. Jacobs. The amateur actors sustained their parts in'a yery creditable manner, and at the conclusion of the piece were warmly applauded. : The first of' a course of twelve lectures on "The Ancient Physical Geography and Geology of South Australia." in connection with the University of Adelaide, was given by Professor Tate, F.G.S., in the reading-room of the Institute on Monday evening, April 9. There was a large attendance. His Lordship the Bishop (Chancellor of the University) pre sided, and there were also on the platform the Chief Justice (Vice-Chancellor), the Hon. E, D. Ross, and Mr. W. A. E. "We3t-Erskine. The Chairman referred to. the importance and in terest of geological study, and said he had no doubt [.that the Professor's course of lectures would prove thoroughly instructive as well as interesting. He hoped that at future lectures His Excellency the Governor, who was unable to be present tbat evening, would preside. Pro fessor Tate, who was received with applause, then commenced his lecture, illustrating his remarks by occasional reference to diagrams and the use of a blackboard. From the syllabus printed for the convenience of the audience, it appears that it was the intention of the lec ture^ to treat on the educational value and objects _ of geological science, geolo gical preliminaries embracing the origin and phenomena of igneous and sedimentary rocks, and the classification of sedimentary rdcks, and finally to deal with the surface features of South Australia, the coast scenery, and its relation to rock structure. "Wantof time, however, prevented the Professor from fulfilling his original purpose, and he was unable to enter fully into tliat part of his subject last men tioned, which will commence his next lecture. The Professor commenced an exceedingly inte resting address by extolling the value-of natural science as a branch of education, and especially the importance of geology. The practical advan tages of a knowledge of geological fact3 wee next explained, the lecturer incidentally re ferring to the valuable results which would accrue from the preparation Of a geological map of! South Australia. The principles of the science having , been dilated upon, the lecturer showed on the map the boundaries of the pat to? the colony with which he intended to deal in bis lectures. These stretched from Spencer s GUlf and Lake Torrens easterly, and thence southward "to the Mount Gambier District. Mr. Tate spoke of South Australia as a good field for scientific research in this direction, and con cluded with an eloquent description of the plea sures enjoyed by those who made excursions for the purpose of studying the geological pheno mena of a country. The lecture was listened to with great attention, and at its close Mr. Tate was loudly applauded. It is intended to hate in connection with the series of lectures two excursions on Saturday afternoons for the purpose of studying geology in the open air. The following is an abridgement of a long report appearing in the Ballarat Star of a presentation and dinner to Mr. F. ~W. Davis, who is leaving the Ballarat Courier to join the reporting staff of this paper:—A very pleasing ceremony took place at the City Hall oh Satur day afternoon, March 31, when a number of gentlemen met together for the purpose of say ing " good-bye " to Mr. F. W. Davis, who has been for some eight years attached tothe re porting staff of our morning contemporary^ and who leaves Ballarat to join the South Australian Advertiser, Adelaide. The gathering was a re presentative one.' Amongst those present were the . City Mayor, the President and Councillor Cope, of the Bungareeshire Council, the Presi dent of the Buninyongshire Council, Mr. Jas. Oddie, President of the Bail way Reform Asso ciatimj the City Clerk, Messrs. McDowall, "VYm. Eyres, Andrew Brown, and other gentlemen ^representing the commercial in terest; The gathering was specially in recognition of Mr. Davis's services as Secretary of the Ballarat Railway Reform Association. An ; adjournment having been made to the Mayor's room; the chair was taken by the: Mayor, who briefly : alluded-to the business of the afternoon. He then read and presented Mr. Davis with an address,' which was beautifully . illuminated and engrossed.; The Mayor referred. • to the very general esteem in which the recipient was held by Ballarat people, both in his position as a pressman and as a citizen. The'speaker saidbe was sure all who had in any: way been brought into contact with Mr. Davis would feel sorry - that gentleman was about to leave ' Ballarat. Mr. James Oddie, President of. the . Railway Reform Association, said He had a most pleasing duty to perform! Mr. Davis had for a longtime acted as Secretary to the Associa tion ; and" had rendered it very important services. He trusted Mr. Davis would have a prosperous career in South Australia. Mr! Oddie, on behalf, of. the Railway Reform Association and a number of other gentlemen,. presented Mr. Davis with a purse of sovereigns. Mr. Davis expressed his thanks for the presen tation and the good wishes of the gentlemen present, and stated that as he as a pressman had in the past always endeavored to work faithfully and conscientiously for the journal with which he had been so long connected in Ballarat, so he would in the future for the paper he was about to" join in South Australia. "Health,happiness, and prosperity to Mr.Davis and family" was given; as was also " Prosperity to the S. A. Advertiser? ^"'to which Mr. Davis responded. The " City Council and the district local bodies" brought the pleasant meeting to a conclusion; all present wishing Mr..Davis fare well and God speed. In the evening a press . banquet was rgiven to'Mr. Davis at Henkel's Camp Hotel, the chair ■being taken by Mr. H. R. Nicholls, editor of the Balldrat Star, and the vice-chair by Mr. Dick, of the Courier, AH the Ballarat journals and the Melbourne Argus were represented; an!d several other gentlemen were also present. After the loyal toasts had been drunk the Chairman proposed "The Guest of the Evening," and bore testimony to the dutiful way in which Mr. Davis had filled his functions as a member of the press. Mr. Davis, in responding, was greeted with long cheering, and in a few modest words expressed his thanks for the honor that had been done him that night by his brother pressmen. The Royal Illusionists leave Melbourne for Adelaide to-day. . „ , The service of song "Eva," is to be given to-morrow evening at the Kent Town TYeslcyan Churchy 