ODD ..NOTES. SY A BOSJEMIMf. JrHis Excellency Governor Cairns has gone, pepaited from tbpse shores nover more to Jtoturfi Biost likely.* r I couldn't auiwnon up sufficient resolution to seo him off. I havo a honor of leave-taking, don't like to shed tears in publicyand—well* to tell tbo truth; I. had left my pocket-handkerchief in my other coat. I know it would be awkward to have to borrow one on such a trying* occasion, because every man present would be using bis own, and there is nothing* looks worse than, to see two men weeping together, and only one handkerchief between them. It is said there was a deal of weeping round the temporary wharf where the \- Kate lay for His Excellency to embark. Even \- the skies wept as he went down the river. ,1rith rare delicacy and consideration for other • people's feelings, His Excellency would not iriake any parade of. his ' departure, but Selected a quiet corner of the Botanical Gar dens, down by tile aviaries, as ike place where he would embark. It will be a sad blow to . this colony—losing . Governor Cairns—and everybody seems to fed it in that way. The .dear, vigorous intellect of the man on all important questions submitted to him ; the keen interest he took in everything which was . in any way likely to benefit the colony; the thoroughness 'with which he identified him telf with all social movements of an elevating or utilitarian character; the heartiness with . which he took the lead in inaugurating • or assisting to pushing forward all schemes of a charitable and benevolent kind; and the readiness and liberality with which he con tributed to the funds of each, have endeared him • to all classes of people in the colony. It was a true! shame to take him from us; but we must leam to bear iti As Commander-in-Chief of Her Majesty's forces in this dependency of the Empire,' it was only natural that the Governor should pay particular attention, to our volunteer force. It was the only defensive army he would have had to depend upon in the event of an in vasion by a foreign enemy.' But he astonished even the volunteers themselves by the hearti ness and spirit with which he discharged this part of his duty as her Majesty's representa tive. I. suppose there never was known to be such a Commander-in-Chief in any part of the British dominions before. Seewhathehas done, and caused to be done, lor the volunteers during the: two short years be has been permitted to be chief commander over them • Xioofc at their discipline, their uniforms, their arms, their accoutrements, and the zeal and esprit dc corps that animates the whole.force! a*n anything show more clearly the advantage of having a Commander-in-Chief who takes a pride in his work and his men, and who proves, by his untiring energy and determination, that no obstacles are Itoo great to be overcome by well-directed and persistant effort ? The state in which he! left volunteer force will no doubt.be a sufficient indication to (Sir Arthur Edward Kennedy when he arrives of what he also ought to do. The whole force in and about the metropolis were so " cut up " at the. thought of laming the Commander-in that none of the officers dare trust them selves to attend His Excellency's farewell levee, and none of the men could be trusted to turn out and form a guard of honour at his embarkation. A brigade order was issued, calling out the men for the purpose, but it was countermanded at the last /'moment, as. the Major had his misgivings about the men being able to perform that simple duty in 'a soldierly manner; tbe occasion was so trying. Mr. Stewart has resigned as Colonial Secre tary, and now there is more trouble, because it only left one vacancy to.be filled up—and at least a dozen members of the party qualified to fill it. The eleven who are passed over very naturally, and very properly, feel hurt and indignant at the treatment they have re ceived. If they do not vote against the Go vernment when the House meets it wQl be from pore loyalty to the party—and a hope and expectation that billets will be found for all of Hiptti before very long. This has Always been the trouble in the ranks of the Liberal party. Every man jack of them, with the sole excep tion of my old friend Edmonstonc, feds himself qualified to be a Minister of the Crown, "and considers himself slighted by not having his claims acknowledged when his party Is in power and any vacancy occurs. < There was eome talk about offering the ap pointment to Mackay, our late Commissioner at the Philadelphia Exhibition, and finding Mm a seat afterwards. From what X know of Mackay, he would make as good a Minister of the Crown as any there were to choose from. He has brains and knows how to use them. But, bless your innocent heart! do you think Mackay had the ghost of a chance against eo many members who already hold 6eats, and have steadily voted with the party all through? Why, his appointment would have ruined the prospects of the Ministry if they had been twice as bright as they now are.' I knew the Ministry were not game to offer the appoint ment to him—and they cannot be blamed. " 8elf-preservation is tho first law of nature "— as £hfc 6opv»booka at school havo it. Miles is tho boy from Limerick.. Miles, froffi a forty view,-js most entitled to tfio honour. He went a little crooked once or twice,'bat ho is 6onn<it at bottom,' and has fought hard and long in tho rank and file of tho party. Ho deserves promotion. I have always had a good opinion of .Miles, and be lieve his fair claim's to. office were over looked somo time ago—it don't matter now to what particular time I refer. As for purely party reasons it cannot be Mackay—why, Miles by all means. The working men are writing letters to tho Telegraph, pointing out the necessity, for stop ping immigration. If I remember right this matter has been mentioned - before. *It was strongly: agitated in 1863 and 1864. The letters written .by this class of men to the newspapers at that time showed as clearly as possible that the country was overdone', over stocked, and nothing but starvation and ruin was to be expected. Yet the Government of the day etili persisted in bring people into the colony. It was said wages would go down, bat they went up; and when the Ipswich and Toowoomba railway started, the contractors had to offer such big wages' that settlement in , this part of the colony was nearly brought to a standstill. Men left their farms and their clearings to go and work on the railway because tbeycouldearnsomuchmoremoneytbere. Even then the supply of navvies was not equal to the demand, 60 the selection of emigrants was for a time taken out of tho hands of Mr.- Jordan, who was then our Agent-General in England, and Peto," Brassey, and Betts, or the shippers on their behalf, sent out several shiploads of so called navvies—about the brightest specimens hi the way of immigrants that I ever set eyes on. The Government were frightened to throw open land for agricultural settlement, except in plates, and under such conditions as rendered it next, to impossible for above one in twenty selectors or purchasers to get a living by cultivation. Then came the finan cial crisis, a stoppage of the railway works* and a general borst np of the bubble blown by providing public workB to employ the people instead of land fot them to settle upon and get their living by. Since then, however, things have picked up wonderfully. Immigrants still keep coming in, but the rate of wages is higher than it ever was before. No, my fellow-work men, it is a mistake of yours, immigration has not lowered the rate of wages. Ton may not be able to find the jobs you would like, the masters you would prefer, and the rate of wages you demand—but the country is not yet overstocked with people. It would be a-mis take I think to stop immigration. There is generally a bit of a "row" about the keeping of St. Patrick's Day here. Some times the point in dispute is whether it shall be kept as a public holiday or not ? Sometimes the controversy is how it shall be kept ? Sometimes where the chief celebration shall take placo? And then, again, the trouble is whether the holiday shall be kept on the real day or two or three days after. This year it is whether the holiday shall be on Saturday or Monday. Saturday is'SU Patrick's Day, if the almanacs are to be trusted; bat lots of people want it on next Monday. 'Most of these people get a bit of a holiday every Saturday, but they don't get Monday. With half a day on Satur day, Sunday, and then,Monday, there is a holiday worth having. Bat a. friend of mine, an Irishman 'and an Orangeman, says it is a mere Popish plot to make Monday the 8t. Patrick's holiday. What a wonderful scent for Popish plots these Irish Orangemen do possess, . to- - be sure ,1 My friend says there are a number of ] " Brothers. of St. Joseph " and " Sisters of St. Joseph" in this colony; and as Monday next, is St. Joseph's Day this is a1 little dodge to inveigle Pro testant Irishmen who honour St. Patrick into honouring St. Joseph, whom they do not believe in as a saint. Is it not awful to think what dreadful plotters these Roman. Catholic people are ? .It seems they are always lying in wait to catch poor innocent; guileless Pro testants in some way or other. Good Bishop Quinn or Archbishop. Yaughan, or somebody else, affirmed here in public not long ago that there was not a single Jesuit in Queensland. After this little manoeuvre about keeping St. Joseph's day—what are we to think of this assertion? 