ONE KOBE LAST WORD TO AN ANGLICAN RECTOR. 70 Blank-street, Melbourne, July 2, 1877. MY DEAB REOTOB,—This letter may perhaps remind you of the wise old song whioh advised all wise men—for it were useless to advise a fool—always to let the last word be the last, and especially with a lady. For my part, if I am not one of the wise man to whom the old song sang its wise strain, I am sufficiently otherwi&a; never to leave the las word with anyone, and least of all with a lady, if I can pnly think of a word in time to retort with. Sometimes, unfortunately, I can't think of the word until the lady is two miles away, and rejoicing inwardly in her verbal victory, while I endure the humiliation of defeat and of failure in the duty I owe to myself and my fellow-masculines. For is it not the duty of every man at all times to maintain the superior loquacity of his sex against the oommon enemy ? Pray do not hence infer, my dear rector, that I am the victim of any morbid animosity towards the lovely half of creation. I am too good a Christian for any such blunder as that, and have, at least, the will to " love my enemy " as warmly as ever the catechism would allow. But you, being of the ungentle gender, and an old friend, sad having given me such friendly provocation, a last word, and another last, and one more last after the last, is the least you should look for. For is not provocation to tell me that it is "superstitious" to make the sign of the Cross more than once in sixty years, or to bow my head more than once a week at the holy name of Jesus, or to have a picture of Christ upon the Cross before me when I pray ? Such things you say are sttpcr- tlilioM. Now, when you and I were classfellows at High School, our Latin masters taught us that mostly all Latin words ending in.o«i<i had an evil meaning; and, if we turn "superstitious" into Latin, it will be a word ending in osus. Even without such traduction, all the dictionaries are down upon it as an adjective with a very bad reputation, for they say it means " weakly credulous: too ready to believe without reasonable proof: prone to credit or to practise what is, over and above, or more than true religion teaches." So that superstitious has a very bad meaning, even the doing and believing what is false by excess, and putting it on a par with what is positively revealed and proved to be divine and certain. Then you apply this to the sign of the Cross, and you say one making of it is religious, but twenty-three makings of it are superstitious or sinful by excessive making. I demand, then, to know upon what divine revelation you make the sign once. You know that you have no revelation for it in holy Scripture. One using of the sign is therefore superstitious. It is over and above what Scripture appoints and you stand oonvicted by your own tribunal of adding to the revelation made to us. It is no answer to say you only make the sign once. Once is over and above. One superstitious act vitiates all and renders you culpable. Superstition is superstition, as murder is murder. The criminal guilty of one murder will be executed all the same as the culprit who has committed ten murders. What seems both curious and incomprehensible to me is your view about the sign of the Cross, the bowing at the name of Jesus whenever it is named in divine service, and the use of Christ's picture representing him nailed to the Cross. I can't conoeive either how or why such things should be sinful, that is, superstitious. Have you ever read your own thirtieth Canon concerning the use of the sign of the CTOBS ? How can the picture of Christ crucified tend to the dishonour of Christ? A brave young warrior, going forth to a long campaign, took leave of bis affianced bride, promising her marriage on his return. At parting he gave her his miniature as his farewell gift and pledge of love. When he was gone, she made a chain of her own hair, and with it fastened her likeness round her neck, earned jt in her bosom, often looked at it and kissed it in fond remembrance of her absent lov«r. Am I to believe she did all thk in contempt of her betrothed ? Am I to believe that when she gazed upon his picture it was an insult to him who had left it with her ? I shall not Bay another word about our use of the pictures we make to remind us of the.love of our crucified Lord. I restrict myself to the sign of the Cross, which you say' we use too much, and therefore sin by superstitious excess. Where did you learn that it is offensive to Christ, if we made the sign of hifl infinite love to us every moment of fhe day P Who told you this strange story, my dear rector? Not your " Bible." There isn't <6he word about it in all the holy volume. The sign recalls Hup -to our thoughts. Is this, Sinful to think on our Saviour; to xemdmber his Cross and passion a thoustad times a day? By what more simple, ; or cxpressive, or snitable act could we remind ourselves of our dear Redeemer ' tbaai by making the sign of the 1 dross, and thus to our minds the whole mystery of His incarnation and death, Superstition! Sinful! to refresh our souls with the recollection of Calvary and the fountain of Station there opened! From the style in which you speak, Catholics might suppose that you, Protestants, had a supplementary Bible with a speoial command in it, forbidding the sign of the Cross ; and nothing less than such a com mand could excuse your extraordinary language. For whatever is not prohibited by law is lawful. God has forbidden every sin by name—Stealing, lying, swearing, drunkenness, adultery, wilful homicide, perjury—all sins. Where has he forbidden the use of the sign of the Cross; Or where has God said—Thou shalt make the sign of the Cross only once in thy life time. Or where is it prescribed in baptism, and then only once. No where. Surely then, a whole legion of demons must have entered into your Church, when she not only allows but prompts you to say that the holy sign of God's wisdom and mercy is superstitious—sinful. And this, too, your Church in the plentitude of impiety and blasphemy, officially said, when Cranmer and the king, Edward VI., a boy ot twelve, were affecting to appeal to the practice of the pure ages and the Primitive Church! I demand of you, rev. sir, a short categoric answer to this question, " Whm were these pure early ages f" Answer me off hand, without equivocation. Were they from A.». 1534 to A.D. 1685? All that time yon were fabricating your Book of Common Prayer and reforming. Were these pure early ages when Nero reigned in pagan Rome on to Dioclesian ? When were they ? Draw your line, and name them. Tou and your Church often refer to these pure ages, but you take care never to specify them. Were they the first three centuries, or the first two oenturies 1 Speak, rev. sir, speak by the next mail. Yonr Church shrinks from the definite and from dates. She has always sbnffled and prevaricated about these pure eariy ages, and she knows well the reason why. These early ages would brand your Ohuroh as infamous and class her with the heretios. Will you take the first 200 years as the early and purest ages of Christianity ? Yon will and you won't, just as it suits your evasive purpose ; but if you dare stand to the first two centuries, your Protestantising|will be reduoed to everlasting humbug in ten minutes. All the leading dootrines of Popery were rife and rampant in those two pure and yet will the infatuation that ever attends on reprobaoy, your Churoh by its royal lay head and his Aot of Parliament bishops, aotually appealed to these two oenturies what to do? To prove against other refractory and reousant Anglicans that the sign of the Cross was made by the early Christians in every action of their lives, and you, dear rector, consider yourself to be an early Christian beoause you use the sign of the CroBS onoe in sixty years and declare any more signs of it than one to be " superstitious 11!" The early Christians of the " parest ages " used the sign of the Gross (or else yonr 30th Canon is a very " big liar") in all their religious services and oeremonies, and you don't. Yet you are an early Christian, and we Catholios do exactly what your early Christians of the parentages did, and we are therefore " superstitious 111" But your Puritans, who didn't believe one bit in your pure ages; yonr Puritans who swore, throngh thick and thin, that they would have nothing but Scripture; your Puritans who fanoied they had diBhed the Pope and Popery by Scripture; these Puritans of yours wanted yon to be consistent and atiok to Soripture. But no; you wouldn't be oonsiBtent; consistency would ruin you. You wanted to gull the Catholios on the Continent by retaining the sign of the Cross somewhere or other. But yonr ProteBtant Puritans asked yoa as I have asked you, to " Show them this Popish sign of the Cross in Scripture," and of oourse yon oouldn't. And then, reverend sir, what did the devil inwardly move your Scriptural Churoh to do? Why, nothing else than to take up the argument used by the Pope against you, and use it against your own Soriptural rebels. Yoa appealed to the anoient Fathers and to the Early Churob, that is, to Tradition. Your PuritanB wouldn't hear of Tradition, and then you oropped off their ears. They turned up their noses at the anoient Fathers, and then you. slit their noses. Then King James I. oalled an Anglioan national general council, over which he presided in person, and personally oonfuted the Puritans, who spoke by Dr.ReynoldB and Mr. Enewstub, and he ordered a Canon to be direoted against all "soruplers" who, by reading God's Word, had discovered that the sign of the Cross was nnsoriptural and superstitious. True, his MajeBty admitted that ,the Holy Ghost had forgotten tospeak so that men of ordinary oapaoity could understand him. But as the Word of God was now acknowledged to be defective when AnglioanB were not poking it at the Pope, the king's word would answer every objeot as well as the Word of God. Let the canon be c|rawn np. And it was done. With a sublimity of self-stultifying craft and brazenfaced boobyism, the bishops set to work, and soon, with holy grimace and bypooritioal jargon, and with a most scoundrelly indifference to, or contempt of, all truth, history and logic, they, speedily ooncooted the crowning swindle of the hell-spawned Anglican V reformation." Artiole xx; was Infamous enough;-Article xxxiv. was worse; Homily No. II. was superbly villainous. But all are eclipsed by CANON 33X {Of the lawful use of the Qross in Baptism.) ! We [that is the Protestant Bish6ps]are sorry that the king's majesty's tMng James I.] most princely care and pains taken in the conference at Hampton Court [A.d., 1603], amongst many other points touohing this one of the sign of the Cross in baptism, hath taken so little effect with many, but that still tbe use of it in baptism iB so greatly stuck at (!) and impugned. For the further declaration therefore of the true use of this ceremony and for the removal of all such scruple as might any ways trouble the consciences of those who are indeed rightly religious (!) Following the footstepB of our most worthy king because he therein followeth the rule of tbe Scriptures and the practioes of the Primitive Church, we do commend to all the members of the Churoh of England these our directions and our observations. 1st. It ie to be observed that although the JBWB and Ethnics derided both the Apostles and the rest of the Christians for preaching and believing in Him who was cruoified upon the CrosB, yet all, both Apostles and Christians, were so far from being discouraged from their profession by the ignominy of the Cross, they rather rejoiced and triumphed in it: Yea, the Holy Ghost, by the mouth of the Apostles, did honour to the name of the Cross (being hateful among the Jews), so far that under it he comprehended not . only Christ crucified, but the force, effect and merits of His death and passion, with all the comforts and promises which we receive, or expeot thereby. 2nd. The hononr and dignity of the Cross begat a reverent estimation of it even in the Apostles' times (for aught thai we know to the contrary! 1!) by the sign of the Cross which the Christians shortly after Hi used in all their actions I! 1 thereby making a outward show and profession, even to the astonishment of the Jews, that they were not ashamed to acknowledge Him for their Lord who died for them upon the Cross. And this sign they did not only use themselves with a kind of glory whenever they met with a Jew!!! but signed therewith their children when they were christened'. ! I to dedicate them by that badge to Hi service whose benefit bestowed upon them in baptism the name of the Cross did represent; and this use of the sign of the Cross in baptism was held to in the Primitive Church as well by the Greeks as by the Latins, with one consent and 'with great applause III At that time, if any had opposed themselves against it, they would certainly be censured as enemies of the name of the Cross, and consequently of Christ's merits, the sign whereof they could not better endure. This continued, and the gmeral use of the sign of the Cross is evidenced by many testimonies'of the ancient Fathers III PEUTETBE. 