No More British Blood for the Turks. THE bodies of some eiXht thousand Eng lishmen moulder peacefully in the graveyard at.Scutari. I fancy that the remembrance of their deaths might moderate the frenzy of the politicians who seem bent on hound ing England on to a fresh war with Eussia. Surely these politicians must be mainly young men, or they must have very short memories. Can you not recall, you who are middle aged, and whose memories are good, those two miserable years between the fight at the Alma and the fall of the Malakoff P Do you remember the Ghost's Derby Day of 1855 P Do you remember when, on the Cliff of Brighton and the Marina at St. Leonards's, you could scarcely walk ten paces without groups of ladies and children clad in deepest mourning for their fathers, heusbands, brothers, sweethearts, slain in that wretched Chersonese, or who had sickened and died in the cheerless wards of the Soutari HospitalP Are we to have those years of private agony and bereavement, of blundering and mismanagement, over again P I suppose so. Glory is a very fine U thing. I am only a pekin, a civilian, and I know nothing about Glory; but I confess that my blood runs cold, and that my heart sickens, when I hear politicians pertly prating about the "arbitrament of the sword," and "war clearing the atmosphere," and so forth, I never met Glory yet, and I don't know what he or she is like I but I have met War face to face half a dozen times in as many countries. I have looked into the whites, or rather the orimsons, of his eyes, and I have gazed upon the Sis. ters, who follow him wheresoever he goes. There are Three Sisters, and their names are Rapine, and Disease, and Death. This is, of course, a miserably craven and spiritless way of looking at War. I cannot help it. I have seen only War's madness and wickedness, its foulness and squalor. To me it has represented nothing but robbery and profligacy, famine and slaughter; and I cannot but think that if the warlike politicians were to witsess just half an hour of actual warfare as I have witnessed it in America, in Italy, in Mexico, in France, in Spain, their martial ardour would cool down a little, and they would not be quite so prompt to blow the bellicose trumpet.-G. A. Sala in the Illustrated London News. A LADY, aged 18, daughter of a Duke with seven thousand a year of her own, and engaged to a Lord, has bolted with her groom and marriedhim, There girls, that's love for you, 