THE PENGE MYSTERY. The Liverpool Albion gives tho following summary of the faots in the Penge inquiry, which has resulted, in the committal of four persons for murder : " The faots revoaled in the recent coroner's inquest at Penge are singular and startling On the morning of the 12th April Mr. Louis Staunton and Mrs. Patrick Staunton called at the house of Mrs Ohalkin, the wife of a cab- man at Penge, and engaged a bedroom and sit tingroom, stating that they were required for a lady who was paralysod, and who was coming to Penge in order that she might be nearer London, and bo within reach of better medical advice than could be obtained at Oudham, where she had hitherto resided They asked for the address of a doetor in the neighbourhood, and Mrs Obalkin montionod the name of Dr. Long riggo In the evening, shortly after dark, the sick woman was taken |n and put to bed, Mr. Louis Staunton, Mr.JPatriok Staunton,' Mrs. Patrick Staunton, and Miss Rhodes escorting her to the house. The twojlbrolhors are believed to have left on the same n ;ht, while Mrs. Patriok Staunton and Miss B odes remained behind Next morning the do tor oallud, not having been, as far as can be nade out, instructed to oall before, and foun 1 tho patient sinking rapidly. He prcjoribci nourishment-beef tea aad milk, and a skilled urse. At 12 o'olook he called again, and foun the woman evidently dying. He oalled a thi i time, and foniîd that she was dead. Aeoordi g to his statement, the respectable appearanoe f the people about his patient, and the faot tha , as they informed him, she had been previously attended oy^)r Greasy, of Ondham, lulled the luspioiea whioh be might otherwise have entertained, and he gave a certi- ficate of death from oerebral disease, softening of the brain, and apoplexy ; but next day a Mrs Caisibianoa,,» sister of the dqoeaied, called upon bim, and in oomeqaenee of what she said'ha withdrew bia certificate A post mortem exami- nation was held, and ultimately the ooroaer very properly ordered the ioqueat. Io the coarse of this inquiry it was elioited that the deoeaied woman was one of three listers, the daughters of a Mrs Richardson, now wife of the Rev Mr Butterfield She wai considered aa being more or leaa of weak mind, and it is a dis- puted queation whether she wat ef intemperate habita. Anyhow it is certain that her mother, Mrs. Butterfield, took lorne initial steps for oonfining her in a private asylum, whioh were never oarried oat In the Jane of 1875, the woman, then about thirty-four years of age, was married to Mr Louia Staunton, an auctioneer's olerk. According to Mr«. Butterfield, her daughter had £2500 in her own right, together with oertain reveraionary interesta oontingent upon the death of an aant, and it is suggested that Mr Staunton married her for her money Mr. Staunton, on the other hand, deolares that the deoeaied was of perfectly sound mind, bat of very intemperate habits ; that her relations had endeavoured to pat her into a lunatie asylum in order to get oontrol of hor property ; that she diiliked and feared them, and that aha married to free herself from thoir oontrol Towards the summer of 1876 Mrs Louis Staun- ton was confined of a boy, and daring her oon finement sho was attended by Mrs Patrick Stanton, the wife of her husband's brother,'and Miaa Rhodes, Mrs. Patrick Stannton'i sister At this time Louia Staunton and hit wife were by no meant on good terms It is »id he treated her with neglect and unkindneas, refusing her olothes suitable to her poaition, and even denying her proper food and comfort, and the unhappy woman complained bitterly of the re- lations between her husband and Miss Rhodes As soon as iho had recovered from her confine- ment she went dowo te Cudham, in Kent, where Mr. Patriok Staunton, who ii a water colour painter, had a oottag», and where Louis Staun- ton had taken a «nail farm. Soon after they had settled in Cudham, Mrs. Louis Staunton, with her child, was sent over to the cottage of Patriok Staunton, where she remained until the night on whioh she waa removod to Pen gc. Louia Staunton, meantime, ¡ lived at his farm with Miat Rhodei, who passed in the neighbourhood aa bia wife Two entirely differentinterpretations of this fact are suggested Louis Staunton deolares that hil wife was sepa rated from him by mutual cement, and in con- sequence of her intemperate habits ; that the went to livo with hi« brother of her own free- will ; and that, although awaro of the connexion between himself and Miaa Rhodes, she tacitly assented to it. It is also asserted that during her residence in Patrick Stannton's house she wai treated as one of the family, and was in every respect carefully attended and lookod to Against this, Mrs. Butterfield states positively that she su«peotcd miiohief, and made every possible effort to communicate with her daughter, but without success ; that sho communicated with the polioe, and that she had actually con- sidered the advisability ef taking ont a writ of habeas corpus That something of the kind was going on ia elear, for letters were put in evidence from Louis Staunton to Mr Butter- field and his wife, warning them not to inter- fere in his domestic matters, and threatening to rake np old family eeandals should they persist in so doing. After Mrs Louis Staunton went to live under her brother-in-law's roof she prao tically disappeared. Oooe or twioe she was seen gathering stioks, bat a polioeman, who wat employed at Mrs. Butterfield's Ínstanos, watched the cottage for several days without being able to get a glimpse of her ; and there is evidence, whatever it may bo worth, to the effeot that she was oonfined in the kitohen or soullcry, and praotfoally treated as a lunatic On the Satur- day night before the Thursday on whioh the deoeased woman was removed to Pengo her ohild was taken ill, and the next morning it waa removod to Guy's Hospital, where it ¿ied the same day. This ohild was buried in a false name, and to this faot Patrick Staunton, if not his brother, was privy. On the Thursday following, the unhappy woman, late at night, was taken to Ponge, and, as we have said, she died next morning Her photographe show that before she went to live at Patriok Staun ton's house she was a stout and well-nourished Woman. The evidenoe of the nurse who atten- ded her at Penge and laid her body out ; of her mother, who saw her in her coffin; of Dr. Leng ringe, who attended her; and of the medical .men who assisted him in the post mortem examination, is that she was in a revolting con- dition of filth and neglect ; that her clothes and linen were old, tattered, and abominably foul ; that her hair was matted with dirt; that her feet wore actually diseased for want of ordinary cleanliness; and that her wholo body waa so shockingly emaoia'ed na to raise the very strongest presumption that sha bad died cf weakness caused by a process of slow and per- sistent starvation and ill-treatment. The jury returned a verdict of " Wilful murder" against L"uis and Patriok Staunton, Mrs. Patriok Staunton, and Alice Rhodes. English people, fond of extraordinary exhibi- tions will soon be able to satisfy their taste. A man oalled Claude Tremont, who travaille now Plaoe du Trono, and has attraoted a good many Parisian people, will come ovor to England next month. He has tamed for the last twelve years a spider, whioh is now a gagne pain to him The performance takes plaoe as follows:-A handerehief oovers a large glasB oase. When the man takes off the handkerchief the specta- tors may see the spider motionless, and twelve flies (each on every hoar of the dial). Anyone of the speotators u»ay name any honr ; Claude repeats tho quostion to the spider who imme- diately rushes to the plaoe indicated, and swal- lows the unfortunate insect. The game goes on in the same way till the twelve flics have been devoured " Poilotto" (such is the name of the wonderful spider) never makesamistake. There ia something extremely pleasing and intellootual in the idea A lady of title whose amusements have for some time lain ia the direction of Spiritualism, and who is doing what she can to bring an English princess over to the new oreed, hat de- termined on her own behalf to investigate the new ghost business whioh is being done at South Kensington. There is a house in the neighbour- hood wherein for many months bells have rung and farniture has been moved with bo visible hand to produoe "the phenomena." She thinks it's " the spirit!," and she ia going to try them- not, however, their theological charaoter, only their real existence. The moBt absolute tait conditions are te be imposed. 