NEWS AND NOTES. Mr Trench was interviewed on Wednesday by Mr P. Lalor, probably in connection with the formation of the new Ministry, and on Thursday he went to Melbourne. Mr Trench has expressed his willingness to accept the Attorney-Generalship, provided the ap pointment is made permanent, and purely non .political. , ... .The election of Messrs Bird arid Davies for Qreri villeds’to be petitioned against by the defeated can didates. It is alleged that aeveral.cases of bribery can. be proved against Mr Bird, on the most, dear evidence. Several .of hie letters are now in the Rands of his op ponents, in which he enclosed half a sovereign and solicited the votes of the recipients. Independently of this, it appears that in some districts /the; cabs of Messrs Davies arid Bird exhibited flags and banners, which is contrary to the 279th' section of the Electoral Act. Mr Davies’ return .will bo.diaputed pn the ground that he was a registered minister of religion at the time of Ris, election. .-It is alleged that he went; to Melhourne'ahd took his name.off.the register aftedbe had been elected..-,lt is said that; he also claimed ex emption from tolls as a minister, and exercised all r the functions of one up tb’a very recent'date; ’ - • w Our’Siriylhesdale correspondent writes:— 11 ‘ Am I, or am' I not, member , for Grenville, 'or can I act'as such?[ is [a iquestibri which tniist trouble the mind of Mr D.'M. Davies Ja; little; as, , against the plain word ing of the 11th section of the Constitution Act, which provides, that ‘ no; person; shall be capable' of .being elected a member to serve in,the Assembly who shall be a minister of any ritiigious denomination, what ever .may be'his title, rank, or designation,’ the friends of MrDavies here contend that each congre gation of the Welsh Independents is a. separate and distinct entity (the same holds good in referenpe'.to the large Baptist and'Congregational denominations), and Mr Davies having resigned his connection; with ; thisbody or essence* ceases to be a minister, or repre-' sentative man, in connection with the sect.‘ So far so good, but .to enable Mr Davies to discharge his full ministerial functions he- must be registered; regis tered he was, and remains so to ; this day; ergo, is incapable to act as a member of the’Assembly.; The matter is giving pabulum'for the local quidnuncs, arid Will do so, until the collective wisdom- of the colony as represented by the elections and qualification com mittee decide." ‘ ' V,'- : -Vi 'The fixed determination; of Mr Berry will certainly be (says the- Geelong Advertiser) that the- policy as approved of by the country shall be carried, but in its eritirety, and that the best possible Ministry shall be formed. The’ task’; imposed ’on the; leader of the Opposition [is one surrourided .with many difficulties, and the greatest care and patience will have to be exercised, and, therefore, the new.Ministry canriot be hurriedly formed. There.is just A possibility that, in consequence of a constitutional difficulty being in the way, before Mr- Berry proceeds-any further in the formation of r his Ministry, there .will; .be a necessity for ’ calling the’ House together as early aSipossible, probably on .Tuesday next, in which case the new members will be sworn in, a Speaker elected,’arid the House adjourned for probably five or six' wefeka, during, which time the new/Ministry will seek re election.” 'V "‘-V The Gippslapd Titles says: 7 -- I “The returning officer for North' Qippaland arinounces the electidri’Vof Sir Charles Gavan Duffy and- Mr F. L. Smyth, the total number ;of ; votes recorded for each'/candidate being as follows:—Duffy* 1744; Smyth, 1332; King' 821,’’.. ; , As to the Wimtnera election the. Herald says : “ If the protest is sustained, Mr O’Callaghan is elected by a majority of one. If the returns are received, Mr Maoßain has a.majority of four votes. ■ The returning officer suspended his judgment, probably waiting the opinion of the ’ Attorney- General. Considerable' ex citement and much; diversity of. opinion prevails in reference to the matter. On enquiry at the Crown Law Offices our, reporter was informed that no com munication on this subject had yet been received.” ' Mr Macßain is out of his uncertainty at last. On Thursday intelligence was received in Ballarat that he had been elected second on the poll for the Wimtnera. We understand that a discussiori on protection and free-trade has been arranged between Mr. M'Dermott and Mr Vale. It is proposed that the discussion shall occupy two nights, and that the speakers shall speak for an hour each alternately., There will, .probably, be a charge for admission, iri order to keep out the larrikins, the proceeds.to be -given to the charitable institutions. If the business is conducted in a fair and temperate spirit, the discussion ought to be both instructing and attractive. ' ; The Acting- Secretary of Railways has. directed a circular to each of the gentleineri for the first'time elected to Parliament ehclosinor an. dfl inf*rini W tr.*.. an. cue .UKjyernment lines r of. railway, pending the manufacture of, the gold medal' passes, an order for which is in the-jeweller’s hands. Defeated members of the last Parliament (says the Telegraph) are ex pected to band in their passes without delay. . A telegram in the Argus dated Horsham, Wednes day, 16th. May, says:—“A torchlight procession marched along the streets of Horsham to-night-in celebration of the return of Clark and of O'Callaghan* who 'was thought to have beaten Maoßain. -The Union Band headed the procession; which numbered fully 200. There was a large number of spectators, despite the inclement weather, and also illuminations and fireworks. Mr.Clark addressed a large crowd in front of the Union' hotel, thanking the electors for the honorable position they had placed him in. Mr O’Callaghan was not present. By the discovery of a missing return it is now found that Macßain is elected and not O'Callaghan.” The choice of the .City Council of a gentleman to succeed Mr R. Ford, as town clerk and treasurer,- has fallen’upon Mr Geo. Perry. Mr J. Richards withdrew his application on Thursday, and the five remaining applicants were ballotted-for at a special meeting held on Thursday, 17th irist.* ‘With the' above result, A full report of, the meeting will be found elsewhere. -. The girls Woodward; and Griffin, arrested on Mon day for stealing £l5 worth of ' clothing, the property of one Lee Soon, were dealt with at the Town Court on Thursday, ,17th inst., They pleaded guilty, and were each sentenced to three months’ imprisonment.. Mr Lee, of Clark’s Hill, was driving. along the Fell mongers road, riear the [Fellmongers hotel; on Wed riesday evening, 16th 1 inst., when bishorse shied, and the driver was hurledirom the buggy. A resident in the vicinity, saw: the. accident, and; finding' Mr Lee senseless, sent a boy on horseback in to Ballarat for medical assistance. Mr Maher, of the Plough and Harrow hotel, promptly, drove Dr Nicholson to the scene of the accident, and: though'.Mr Lee’s side is badly bruised, the'doctor does not think' serious con sequences will accrue. ■ -A shocking accident occurred at the: residerioe [of Mr Moses O’Donnell,-at the footof-Mount/Buninyong, 1 on Wednesday,; the 16th. From l what r we oould glean Mrs O’Donnell had left-the house to look after something in the paddock, when the elder of four children took a small flask of gunpowder' out of a : chest; arid placing it.on the floor began playing-with[it With a fire-stick, the other children watching, when an explosion took place, severely' injuring two of the children, one of whom is -.likely to'lose its sight.' The oldest child, who did the mischief; had only a little of his hair singed. A small/portion ;of the roof was blown Off.' . • .I':;; - ViT'M’ V' .With, regard to the fire which we mentioned on Thursday as having occurred on .the previous evening,- we now learn that it wos at Haddon, where,a corn store, belonging to Mr Cairipbell, adjoining the[ Heather Bell hotel, was totally consumed: ...The, hotel; furniture was' somewhat dainaged, being,thfown .out of the house into the rriiddle of ■ the road, but the/ fire” did,not reach the hotel. The store [burnt down; was' insured in thie Queen Company for £l5O. - ‘ .. The _ committee of theT 'Cemus Club met. at - the Pavilion-hotel bri Wednesday evening! and completed all 1 arrangemerits for,[their‘approaching performances.. Scmb routine business was .transacted,. and .letters' were received from the Rev. Charles -.Collins, secretary tb-the Sick Mission Fund, and; frorri/the secretary [o£[ the Laidiea’Clothirig Society, thanking the club for donations received; A. very ’satisfactory rehearsal bf the two pieces chosen for performance afterwards took plaice, there being a large muster of riiembersV - [ ' A meeting of' the sub-committee for'the Grenville election was Held, at . the South Grenyille hotel ori" Wednesday,’ 16th [May;-, ]ffr..C..Uriwin in the cham.-. Messrs. Taylor, M‘Kay, A. E. Hitchcock, Sides,' and other influential men were present, and all accounts’ were passed and paid.' The committee regretted that; they w er . a - defeated,; but looked for-better times, as" many who supported the incoming men would regret 1 their decisiori before twelve'months. , ’ . ; , . ,i We’.are sorry to hear that two- late residents of Ballarat are so ill that their lives are despaired of. Mr ; arid[ Mrs, Qebfgb Thompson have been summoned by* telegram to Deniliquin,’ where Mr John Thompson is ■■ dangerously ill; and a telegram from Stawell has re quired, tbo . immediate attendance there! ofl Mr; H.’’ Uherry, . whose lately married sister is riot .expected to I reeover from a serious illness. The Academy of Music was wall attended on Thursday . evening, and as usual evert portion -of the entertainment was enjoyed by the audience.- Every section of those present found soiriething to admire some would give the palm to the musical interlude in the garden scene; others regret that Mr Carey is not oftener on the stage,, and the withetic portion bf the audience appreciated Mr Mace’s graceful and masterly representations- of classical statuary. Every iriembar of the company seems tolkaye! made his or her part a' complete Itudy, arid the'reauit’is a happy one., “Fritz ” will be repeated;to- night, q- ;; -j -r : A ghost has made it appearance in the onion dis trict of Bellarine (says the Qeelong Advertiser). A wqll-known resident, on returning home from Roft arlington a lmr* evening ago* somewhere Vin the small hoars, saw'se? ha approached his i residence what to him appeared to be .the figure o£ a woman in an erect attitude, but motionless. Bound the' head of the spirit was a'.-dim halo, 'which looked, supernatural, and the features bore a strong resemblance to those of a young- lady of "the district, unfortunately for the advocates of Spiritism, is still living. "With the courage of his race, he made towards her spiritship, and" was " about" to ask the reason of so late a visit, when to -his > amazement .the : figure proved ; td be ' a ..“Walker,” for, it Boon* disappeared with lightning speed across the onion-fields info" u tter darkness. The onion grower,-on seeing-this, took to his heels, and was soon safe inside a bolted door, but ao~bvercbme was he with fright that he swooned away—a circum stance that to him never occurred before. The ghost has caused great excitement in the locality. A watch will, no doubt, bet instituted; and .'.very likely some medium will be introduced in order to ascertain, if possible, the object of thisvisit from the spirit land. ’ The lady whom the figure resembled has become very serious, and'the.superstitioiis expect something awful to happen at Bellarine shortly. The following tenders were accepted on Thursday by the Public. Works Department:—Works, at Mel bourne' Gaol, J.Kennedy, £359'115; alteration to recreation-room at Kew Lunatic Asylum, T. Cole, £127; fittings at Industrial School,'Royal Park, W. Swane, £176 12s. The iEaobh Afdenstdry related in Wednesday’s Star formed the basis of a bigamy case, heard at the Town Court on Thursday. John Brimblecombe was charged with having on the. 2nd April, at Ballarat, feloniously married one Catherine Robertson, hTs wife Mary" Anne Brimblecombe, nee. Willhelme, being then alive. The R. Warren', of'the' Bible’ Christian' denomination, proved the first marriage, and the Rev. J. W. Inglis, Presbyterian minister, proved'the second. The de fence, apparently a very, strong one, set forth by Mr Finlayson was, that, the woman Robertson was as much itr-faultjas Brimblecombe; and;.the evidence called was that of Peter Robertson, to whom Catherine Robertson acknowledged she, had r been: married in Scotland in 1851, or, as Peter persisted, in 1818 or 1849\. The marriage, Mr-Finlayson contended, could not have been valid, even had not the first been legal. Mr Gaunt, howe'ver, overruled him and- committed Brimblecombe for trial at the Assize Court. We are happy to say that the ’ Enoch Arden of the story (Robertson) affirmed in court that he valued his spouse more than all Ballarat, and that the little interlude of her second marriage has made no differ ence in their conjugal relationship. Perhaps the Brimblecombes, should the . husband be acquitted, may see their way to a similarly amicable arrange ment. , ; , ... Some modern writer has said that a striking proof of the civilisation of Europe is the touching confidence with which letters enclosing .money are .posted with -out being registered.- That' this confidence is'some times misplaced is provedjby the fact that on Thurs day Detective Hyland arrested here one James Lynar, postmaster at Belfaat. Lynar la charged with having stolen a letter containing two £lO-notes, on the Ist inst., at Belfast. He will be brought up at the City Court this morning, and probably remanded to the scene of the alleged larceny. \- The question.as_to .whether., the owner of a-pub lican’a license can transfer .the, same at any time to suit his ; ow’n convenience,-has long remained un answered. (writes our -Melbourne correspondent), and some of our/local courts'of- petty sessions have been puzzled as to how. to act. It is contended-by some of the legal profession that the three months’ restriction under the 48th : section of the act refers only to the gran ting,of the previous transfer, should, any have taken'place.. A case bearing upon this questioh was’ brought uudei; the notice of the Fitzroy. bench of magistrates, and as the point in dispute"was ably argued as between the bench and the legal represen tative of the applicant, it was thought desirable to reserve a decision,-which, when delivered, will pro bably assist the trade in understanding the law under which they obtain their means of livelihood; > The Rev. Mr. Jones,'the;euccessor of the late Rev. Mr Henderson, of the Collins street Independent Church, is expected to reach Melbourne at the latter end of this month. -The HerdW says:—‘‘The congre gation are.making preparations to give this celebrated pulpit orator a hearty and befitting welcome." V In the case of the Hand’ and Baud Company y- the National Bank and Lakeland, in which the Supreme Court has given'judgment against the bank, an appli cation was made on Wednesday,-16th instant; by Mr A’Beokett, on behalf of the bank, for leave to appeal to the Privy Council.' Dr Madden'appeared bn behalf of the plaintiffs, arid Mr- Macfarland’ for Lakeland. Mr Justice Molesworth- granted theleave to appeal, the bank to give security for £5OO for the costa. The Hamilton Speclator-rßays of- him:-—".On leaving Hamilton on Wednesday, 16th instant, he proceeded to Nareeb Nareeb, and' became the guest Of-Mr Gray. That afternoon he enjoyed some excellent coursing, the hares being.numerous and strong, the dogs fast. On-Thursday-a grand shooting party was organised, when some fifty brush kangaroos and—tell it not-in Gath—seve'ral hares testified to the ’skill of the marks men, his Honor handling his breechloader as skilfully as ever 'he. used a ‘Joe Manton' in years gone' by. Friday forenoon was spent in kangaroo-hunting, when several' smart runs and encounters with ‘ boomers’ were witnessed, the judge being always in'at the death, -and : during the afternoon there was more coursing, when his Honor acted as slippei 'in a style that even a ‘ Banner’could not'surpass. On Satur day bo left for Glen Thomson with renewed health and vigor to resume his important duties on an early day in the Supreme Court. It would be well for many of our professional men were they to follow his good example, and not coop themselves up so much in their ‘Chambers,’ toiling . continually over musty law books or in writing ‘ opinions.’” - • A Herald telegram from Sydney Advices from Cooktown disclose a most, atrocioua.murder com mitted by the Chinese. The body of the victim was stabbed all;bver and cut,'into pieces. The store'of the murdered,, man was also broken into and plundered. .The Chinese'; also , attempted to stick up the . mailman from; the Palmer, but he showed great pluck, and they were unable to : detain him.” ; ’As an instance bf the remarkable instinct of birds, the following has been related to the Pleasant .Creek News: —“A gentleman who was pissing.throughthe Grampians observed a sparrbwhawk suddenly pounce upon and sieze a parrot. The hawkthen took it to'an adj icentstream.and held its head under the water until lifewasextinct. ■ Ourinformant states that he frightened the bird away; but he was too late to save the life of the parrot." -. .The, Gazette .announces that the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has been pleased to appoint H. Levinson, J. Oddie, C. Bailey, J. Smith, T; Figgis, D.'Brbphy, and H. Henkel to be trustees of the land temporarily reserved oh the 19th of March, 1877,-as a site for a cemetery at Ballarat. : V A Gazette Extraordinary summons Parliament to meet on Tuesday next. ' . " Thursday, tKe l7th May, being, the • anniversary- of Bishop O’Goanqr’s consecration or appointment to the see of- Ballarat, w’as’.celebraled at St. Patrick’s Cathe dral by High Mass ; being-performed. There was a large attendance. ■ ... ■ A local land board will be held at Smy thesdale to-day. 1 ■ ■ v,-' ' • ' ; ;■'■ ' • •" --'.''.'r.. Mr Jones-has done , a good thing before vacating office. Our-advertising columns this morning invite tenders for the .erection of the-long-wanted footbridge' at the Lydiard . street railway, station. Tenders for iron girders'are* also , called for. . . . Sermdnsin connection with the anniversary of the Barkly street; -Wesleyan Church -willgbe preached on Sunday. . .On Monday a tea meeting- will be held in the-new school-house. ■< A meeting of master .bakers' will, be, held this even ing at the. Union hotel. , " 