THE MERCURY. FRIDAY MORNING, JAN. 5, 1877. MR. CHARLES HAMILTON BROMBY, who made his political debut in Tasmania as an English barrister of ten years' standing, has been pooh poohing what he has been pleased to speak of as The Mercury's law on the subject of that abortion of his brain, the Juries Act, and to ridicule our statement that by his bungling, trial by jury has been suspended in Tasmania. There is an old proverb that, at a time when such as ROBIN HOOD and his merrie men of Sherwood Forest were wont to exact toll from all who came in their way, cautioned the belated traveller "not to whistle till he was through the wood," or as, to one who has so successfully solved polemical diffi- culties, it is perhaps more familiarly put - "Let not him that girdeth on his harness boast him- self as he that putteth it off". " Mr. BROMBY'S jeers at our having found a mare's nest have been, as he must or ought to have known, proved rather mal apropos, and when he was expressing himself in so cock-a hoop manner of the laugh he would have at our expense when he returned from Launceston Criminal Sessions after having impannelled some half dozen juries, it would have been well had he considered the possibility of himself having to laugh on the wrong side of his mouth. Mr. BROMBY got over the difficulty in the recipe for cooking a hare-"first catch your hare," for in some unexplained manner, and one not admitting of a legal interpretation, gentlemen had been brought under false pretences to the Court House Launceston, sum- moned to attend there and serve as jurymen. They did attend ; but Mr. BROMBY as Crown prosecutor was not able to impannel a jury. The Mercury's law turned out to be right ; the ATTORNEY GENERAL'S contention would not hold water, and it is only because the telegraphic wire has anticipated him that he has not, like JOHNNIE COPE, famed in Scotch song, had to " bring the news o' his ain defeat. " The ATTORNEY-GENERAL has evidently much to learn ; his deficiencies in legal lore and in the technical work of his pro- fession and of his office, have been made all the more painfully transparent by his undisguised high opinion of himself and his not concealed contempt for others. We can afford to pass over his sneering allusions to this journal, for we have not forgotten the ungracious manner in which he received suggestions in law- making kindly offered by Mr. ADYE DOUGLAS, who was told by Mr. BROMBY that he could do more in a forenoon in preparing Bills than Mr DOUGLAS could overtake in a lifetime ; and in this his hour of deserved humiliation, the ATTORNEY-GENERAL will, per- haps, remember with a pang that he told the legal gentlemen, Members of the House, that he was as independent of their aid as he was indif- ferent to their criticism. The Government were, he assured them and the Assembly, independent of the legal Members, and, in drafting and submitting Bills, quite capable of doing their own work. They have done it after a way, and applying the Latin proverb de fructu arborem cognosco - "judging the tree by its fruit - a pretty mess they have, through their ATTORNEY GENERAL, made of the new Juries Act. The former one is repealed, and the new one does not, in all matters connected with the quali- fication of jurors and the preparation of jury lists, etc., come into operation till July next. The initiatory steps oven cannot be taken till then, and the machinery for providing a jury under the Act passed last session cannot be completed till 31st December next ; and this is the result of the ATTORNEY-GENERAL'S self-confidence and his contempt for the advico and opinion of others. His self-inflation has Boon collapsed, nor was any other result expected, and he has rondored his consequent humiliation all the moro inglorious by his want of tact. When he might havo made a graceful acknowledgment of of error, he assumed a hectoring attitude ; and defying consequences, and disregarding overy sense of what is right, he unwisely pushed matters to an extremo, and thus, because ho would ¿lot admit au error which, to retort on him an unhappy expression of his own, the rawest clerk in an attorney's oflice should have been ashamed of, the Country has been put to much unnecessary and useless expense ; jurymon and witnesses put to great inconvenience 77~,_'-7003**T "JL-J""1- "" - »"*''""'-iiL-JkiajHj^ trial, have been let loose on society without even the unpleasant necessity of abiding their trial. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL'S stupid carelessness in framing the Jurors and Juries Bill, and his dogged persistence in forcing an issue upon the Juries Act, well knowing, as ho did, its weak points, is a fitting sequel to the unconstitu- tional and illegal exercise, on the part of Government, of the prerogative of pardon. They first, on reasons that will not bear inquiry, bring the administration of justice into contempt by liberating, without reference to the sentencing Judge, convicts undergoing sentence for crimes that are dangerous to society ; and now they save themselvcB from repeating this error by a lino of conduct, on tho port of the ATTORNEY GENERAL, that gives immunity to criminals. Magistrates may commit, but Judges cannot try because the ATTORNEY-GENERAL'S crude legis- lation repealed the existing law for trial by jury without substituting any other law in its place till after an interval of twelve months. At the Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court held at Launceston yesterday, eight prisoners were arraigned charged with having committed various criminal offences, fortunately, as it turned out, none of them of an aggravated or serious character. Two of these pleaded guilty and were sentenced. The other six pleaded not guilty ; and on tho part of the first prisoner so pleading, and put on his trial, Mr. BYRON MILLER "challenged the array " on the ground that, as required by the 35th Section of the Act, the prisoner could only be tried "by a jury consisting of twelve menquali fied as jurors according to this Act "-that of last session, which of course the^gentlemen summoned as jurors were not. When we receive the detailed report of the proceedings of yester- day's court, it will expose a state of matters without a parallel in the history of British jurisprudence. A British territory is deprived of the British boast-trial by jury, and the very law officer of the Crown through whose blunder thiB contretemps was brought about, stood up in court and would havo saved himself from the conse- quences of his own fault by condemning illegally tho prisoners committed for trial. Fortunately wo have judges who aro not political tools, and the CHIEF JUSTICE took care that every prisonor, if convicted, should bo so legally ; and as this was impossible, all the prisoners who pleaded not guilty had to be discharged, and cannot be again brought to trial. This is one of the penalties tho Colony is paying for consenting to give a fair trial to a Government that had not one com- ponent part of a qualified Administration. The contemplation of the consequences is appalling, and we know not which most to regret-tho blunder made in preparing tho Bill, or the stub- born persistence in a known wrong, of which the ATTORNEY-GENERAL and his colleagues have been guilty. Wo assert, without fear of contradic- tion, that he and they were upwards of a month ago perfectly aware of the fatal flaw in the Act ; yet thoy dared the consequences of letting loose on society an unknown number of criminals who might bo charged with crimes of the gravest dye, rather than call Parliament together and remedy the blunder. Tho next Criminal Sessions in Hobart Town are fixed for the 13th day of February, and if we may judgo by tho post, so afraid is the present popular (¡) Ministry of mooting Parliament, that Ministors will rathor ropeat in Hobart Town the fiasco of yester- day than summon Parliament together. With Parliament in session their official existence would not bo worth an hour's purchase, and rathor than put that in jeopardy they would, if thoy dared, risk setting loose on society tho pros- pectivo criminals of tho noxt twelve months ; an alternative to which they might not unnaturally reconcile themselves, as being a degree loss cul- pable than setting at liberty criminals actually convicted of crimesdangerous to tho public safety. But there is something so alarming in detach- ment after detachment of criminals being dis- charged without trial that the Ministry will be bold mon if they fail to call Parliament together, but, instead, repeat the miscarriage of justice which yesterday witnessed, and which must cost the Colony several hundreds of pounds. There were, irrespective of the gentlemen summoned as jurymen, and whose claim to payment the Chief Justice could not certify as they were not legally summoned - another blunder sorao where, demanding investigation and condom nation-witnesses all tho way from Circular Head, Kino Mile Springs, Campbell Town ; one from as great a distance as the Arthur River, where he was on an exploring party. But the cost is the least of the evils. The punishment of crime is reduced to a lottery, and respect for the law sapped in a most dangerous direction. Whatever' other character Mr. BROMRY and his colleaguos may carve out for themselves, they havo already earned tho dis- tinction of being regarded as tho friends and patrons of all who wage war with society. It remains to bo seen how long the public will tolerate being governed by an Administration so incapable of good ; such masters in the art of wrong doing. GOVERNMENT ENTERPRISE.-We complained some time ago of the unaccountable delay of Government in not affixing, as resolved by Parliament, a second wire to the telegraph posta between this and Laun- ceston. We then wrote under the impression that the wire had to be ordered from England, but added that they might borrow till they got of their own. We have since learned that the Govern- ment have wire enough in atora. Their delay ia therefore as unaccountable as blameworthy, for the want of the extra wire involves much iuoouvenienco to the officers and losa of time to the public. Yester- day forenoon the Melbourne steamer was off Low Heads a few minutos past 11 o'clock ; yet it waa past 1 o'clock before we received the passenger list ; and on making enquiry as to tho cause of the delay, were told that it W»B consequent on the line being overcrowded. Vor this tbe Government are to blame ; but surely some one else is to blame, and ought to bo cautioned against a repetition of the neglect involved in the fact that though the steamer was signalled as iu sight at the opening of the tele- graph office yesterday morning, the distinctive flag announcing the fact was not hoisted at the Battery Point flagstaff till 4 p.in, It thus took eight hours to convey information a distance of half a mile. Some one needs stirring up. AWFULLY SUDDEN DEATH.-Shortly after five o'clock yesterday evening it was rumoured in the neighbourhood of the wharves that Captain Amos Ii. Langthorne, of the barque Carlota, bad died very suddenly. Upon making enquiry we found that the sad news was only too true. It appears that the deceased gontloman complained yesterday of a throbbing sensation in the region of the heart, but otherwise be was in his usual health. In'the afternoon Captain Langthorne invited Captain Langworthy, of the Malcolm, down the cabin, and the two were sitting together at the cabin table, talking and smoking, when the deceased, not feeling very well, left his companion 'and went into an adjoining apartment. He bad only been absent a very few minutes when Capt. Langworthy hearing a moan, opened the door of the apartment, and found decoased lying un his side, and apparently dying. An alarm waa at onoo given, and Dr. Agnew was promptly upon the spot, he having been met within the vicinity of the Franklin Wharf. The doctor, however, only arrived in time to see de- ceased breath his last Captain Langthorne was an entire stranger to this port on the arrival of his vessel, but his genial disposition and kindly bearing soon made for him many friends, and won for him the esteem of all who made his acquaintance. He was a native of Eaatport, Maine, U.S., and was 44 years of age. He waa a widower, but leaves two grown up daughters in Ameiiea. The body was removed to Lloyd's Hotel yesterday evening, and an inquest will be held this afternoon. MINING NOTES.—From Mr. A. A. Butler, mining manager, we learn that, under date the 1st January, he received from the local agent of the Belmont Tin Mining Company, information stating that during the week ending December 31st, 30 cwts. of tin ore were raised, two boxes having been at work since the morning of Tuesday week. The tunnel, it was stated, had been extended 14 feet, making the total length 398 feet, and showing favourable indications. STAR OF HOPE TIN MINING COMPANY.-We have received a report of the meeting of shareholders held at Launceston yesterday, but the only infor- mation of interest which it contains, beyond what appeared in our yesterday'a issue, is the following : -" It was considered desirable that the company should proceed to work aa soon as poaaible, aa all necessary applUuces were on the ground for carrying on operations, with every proapeot of goon paying a dividend." ST. DAVID'S CATHEDRAL.-A meeting of the parishioners and members of the congregation ia to beheld thia evening, at 7 '30,. in the Harrington street Sf»«wyd.-rootn, for the parpase of electing ^urohjvjtens and Synodsmen, ead for the trans TUE DAVENPORT TROUPE.-There waa a large audience at the Town Hall last night, to witness the marvellous performances of the company. The entertainment commenced with a pianoforte solo by Miss Davies, after which Professor Fay invited the audience to uametwogentlomen to actas an inspection committee. After some difficulty, a committee, consisting of Messrs. E. Midwood, and J. W. Whyte, was appointed ; these gentlemen made a careful examination of the cabinet, and declared that there was nothing of a deoeptive charactor in connection with it. The tying-down process then began, and the performance was of the same nature as that previously reported. Considerable amuse- ment was occasioned by the efforts of the commit- tee-men to grasp the band that appeared every now and again at the aperture, and also by the remark- able manner in which a hat waa removed from Professor Fay's head to that of Mr. Midwood's. The second part of the entertainment consisted of a display of Mr. E. D. Davies' ventriloquist abilities, and the audience was highly amused by the loquacity of the puppets. The dark seance, the most wonderful part of the performance concluded the entertainment, which will be repeated to-night. SUPREME COURT.-The Court sat yesterday in its small debts jurisdiction, before His Honor Mr. Justice Dobson and juries of three. There were only two defended cases. Stansfield v. Wright waa an action to recover £50, for trespass and damage to property at Glenorchy. The plaintiff occupied a farm owned by the Bank of Van Oiemen'a Land, and the defendant, having first made arrangements with the bank, sent his men on to the farm to cut hop-poles without acquainting or asking permission of the plaintiff. The men cat down about 800 poles, but did not remove them, and they were subsequently fined by the local magistrates for trespass. There were doubt« as to whether any damage had been done to the property, and the jury accordingly gave a verdict for plaintiff, damagea for trespass, Is. In the aecond case the facts were these :-The plaintiff Chatterton sold his bootmaking business in Elizabeth-street to the defendant Hamilton, and included iu the sale waa a number of articles, some of whioh were enumerated, and others denominated " sundries." Some dispute arose afterwards with regard to the ownership of some of the things, both partieB claiming them. The defendant held them, however, and the plaintiff sued him for their value. A few of them the defendant admitted were plaintiff's, and with regard to the remainder, the jury brought in a verdiet for the defendant. Chatterton is the man who was committed for trial the other day for gaa stealing, and as he could get no one to bale him out, he has been in gaol, whence he had to be brought to the court in charge of an officer to give evidence. LAUNCESTON CRIMINAL SESSIONS.-Our Launces- ton correspondent writes us that the Criminal Sessions of the Supreme Court, which opened on Thursday morning before His Honor Sir Francis Smith, closed in a manner not unexpected by the readers of The Mercury. Mr. R. B. Miller having taken the objection that no jury could be lawfully empannelled. His grounds were that the old Jury Act was repealed by the new Act passed last session, which does not itself come into operation till July next, consequently the colony is without a Jury Act, and so another is added to the wonderful instances of legal acumen which adorn this colony. The Attorney-General opposed Mr. Miller strongly, but His Honor held that Mr. Miller's objection was fatal and put a stop to the trial of the cases set down for hearing, all those prisoners who had pleaded not guilty being discharged from custody. Two unfortunate girls who had pleaded guilty were sentenced. Mary Letherland aged 14, for house breaking to 12 months imprisonment, Sarah Sage, age l8, for stealing a cash box from the dwelling house of her employer, to three months. The prisoners discharged were Charles Steward, breaking and entering the dwelling- house of William Gibbs, at Emu Bay, on the 14th October, and stealing therefrom one pair of watertight boots and other articles. John Moran, charged with being in the dwelling-house of Hugh McRudden, Sportsman's Hall Hotel, on the 30th September, with intent to commit a felony. John Hallis, charged with stealing from the dwelliug-house of Joseph Heaton, at the Blue Tier, Campbell Town district, on the 6th September, a cheque for £3 19s. another for £3, and seven one pound notes. William Sales, charged with indecently assaulting Ellen Lee, at Campbell Town, on the 11th November. James Dobson, charged with altering and uttering, at Stanley, on the 30th November, a cheque purporting to have been drawn and signed by Charles R Sprent for payment of £11, with intent to defraud. Bryan Daley, stealing on the 6th December, at Waratah, from the dwelling-house of John O'Brien, three cheques, two sovereigns, two £1 bank notes, the whole of the value of £12 9s. 10d. COURT OF BEQUESTS.-In the absence through illness of Mr. Commissioner Tarleton, Aiessrs. Henry Cook and Geo. Crisp, J's. P., sat iu Court of Requests Jurisdiction yesterday, and disposed of the un- defended cases. The defended caaes wero remanded to Thursday, the 18th i nat, A DANGEROUS PRACTICE—A practice which is atteuded with considerable danger is that of driving along the crowded portions of Liverpool-street on Saturday evenings. This danger is provided against in so far by a by-law requiring that horsemen aud drivers of vehicles proceed at a walking pace, and the by-law has, as a rule, the desired effect, for it is so well known that the plea of ignorance of it can hardly be advanced. At the Mayor's Court yesterday a man named Quinn was fined 5s. for having committed a breach of tho by-law on Satur- day evening last. WASTE OF WATER.-At the Mayor's court yes- terday, Mrs. Crisp, a resident of New Town, was charged with having permitted water from a cor- poration tap to flow over her land on the 19th of December last. From the evidence it appeared that a hose was attached to the tap in the paddock, and the water was allowed to run at full forje, the hose being laid on the ground. Tho waste was not tho result of accident, but was apparently done for the purpose of irrigating the paddock, trenches being cut to assist the process. This waste WEB dis- covered by a corporation labourer at au early hour in the moraine, and it was estimated by Mr. Randall that 800 gallons of water would escape from the tap during a period of twelve hours. It will thus bo seen that the waste during the night must have been considerable. The Bench iurlioted a fine of 20s, and intimated that the water would be cut off should the offence be repeated. Lusus NATUR*.-There was yesterday brought to our office from the garden of Mr. Baynton, Brown's River, what may fairly be described »s one of the most singular tricks of nature in the floral kingdom. It was two full grown and well formed dahlias, of perfectly distinct colours, growing on one stem, each having about half an inch of a branch to itself. The one was pinkish white ; the other a slightly variegated but chiefly light violet colour. Not knowing much of such matters, we showed the twins to the Rev. Mr. Spicer, who says that, though not uncommon in other flowers and in various plants, he never saw a specimen of the kind among dahlias. The solitary stem was not, as usual, round, but rlattisb, with a scarcely perceptible groove along the centre, showing what in botany is known as the fasoiated process ; that ia, two steins eomiog together and becoming attached, are embraoed in one skin. Such a process might be easily understood in the case of two flowers on the asme root; but the singularity is, of course, much inoreased when, as in this case, the flowers were of so distinct colours, aud BO well and equally formed. REGATTA COMMI-ITEE.-A meeting of the members of the regatta committee was held at the Bird-in Hand Hotel yesterday evening, Mr. Chas. Dowdell being in the chair. There were present-Messrs. O'Boyle (secretary), Hayle, Risby, and Salier". The minutes of the previous meeting were read aud confirmed. The secretary reported that he had written to the Commander of the H.M.S. Sappho, convoying the thanks of the committee for the wiiliug manner in which he had consented to the Sappho being moored as flasçship, and also for his assistance in other ways. To this letter a reply bad, been received from Commander Digby, in which that gentleman expressed the pleasure it bad given him' to be of sorvioe on the occasion of holding the regatta, and hoped that at some future period he mjght be able to render similar service. Several accounts were passed for payment, and the meeting closed. DERWENT YACHT CLUB.-A meeking of the members of this club was held at the Nautilus Hotel, New Wharf, last night, Mr. John Hayle in the chair. A long discussion took place in référ- ence to handicapping the yacht« whioh had taken part in the previous races, but nodefiuite resolution was carried. It was resolved " that a yacht race, under the anspicea of the club, take place on the 23rd of next month, for a prize of £25 or £30." Several friends volunteered subscriptions toward* making up the pnVe money. It waa understood that the courBO should be considerably extended for the event. BENEVOLENT SociETv,-=.The Executive Committee of this society met yesterday, Dr. Hall in the chair. It waa reported that 12 persona had, during the week, been released from the Invalid Depot (Brickfields), and two from the New Town Asylum. It was also reported that during the week 30 cases, comprising 124 individuals, had been relieved, 28 with full and two with half rations. The Com. mittee then adjourned. A SENSIBLE PRESENT,-.On New Year's Bay morning, a few of the lady members of the Pont- ville congregation forwarded through Miss Hodge- man, to Mrs. Shipphird, the wife of the pastor, a hand sewing-machine, as an expression of their esteem for that lady. A note accompanied the gift to that effect. Wo need scarcely say that the present was received with very great pleasure. CRICKET.-A match ia to be played on the Aa aociation Ground on Saturday between the Welling- ton and Break-o'-Day clubs, wickets to be pitched at 1 30 p.m. The following are the namea of the playera :-Wellington : G. Davies, J. II. Walsh', Cobbett, F. Burgess, O. Lord, G. Butler, Wright, C. E. Davies, Cole, Chapman, Briant. Break-o' Day : E. J. Freoraan, D. C. Cuthbert, C. Butler, C. W. Butler, A. Giblin, A. Hume, R. Butler, Maxwell, Cresswell, Lucas, J. Morriu ; emergency, A. Pope. EXCURSION TO NEW NORFOLK,-The steamer Monarch ia to make' an excursion to New Norfolk on Waria-dur nrrr, f-fring the FrankUn Wharf at 9 a.m., and New Norfolk at 4 p.m., affording i excuraietusU an opportunity of visiting the Salon» IPonds, ' -. 1 Ml ". i, . j DONATIONS TO THE ROYAL SOCIETY.--The follow- ing valuable works, many of which-are profusely illustrated, have lately been received by the Royal Society of Tasmania as présentation» from America, viz. :-" United States Geological Exploration of the 40th Parallel," Vol 3 ; " Mining Industry, 1870," pp. 647 4to., with atlas ; Vol. 5 " Botany," pp. 525, 4to.; "Geographical Explorations and Surveys West of 100th Meridian, Topographical Atlas;" "United StatesGeological Survey of the Territories," Report of, Vol. 2 ; "Bulletin," Nos. 5 and 6, 1875, Vol. 2, No. 1, 1876 ; " Surgical History of the War of the Rebellion," Vol. 2, pp. 1024, 4to.; Meteor- ology-"Daily Bulletin of the Signal Service, U.S.A.," March, April, May, and June, 1873, four vols, 4to ; " Washington Observations, 1873," 1 Vol., 4to.; " United States Navy Register ;" Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society," Vol. 14, No, 95 ; "Proceedings of American Academy of Arts and Sciences," Vol. 2 ; " Bulletin of Buffalo Society of Natural Sciences, Vol. 3, Nos. 1, 2 ; "Catalogue and Report of Museum of Comparative Zoology, Harvard College, etc. The manner in which many of these works are got np is creditable in the highest degree, and the liberality of the donors deservca our warmest thanks. PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED.-" Walch'a Tasmanian Almanac," or " Bed Book," for 1877, ia always wel- come, for without it many persons would frequently be put to great inconvenience in the aearch for infor- mation. The book has, in fact, come to be indispensable. It is replete with a vast amount of official information, and is ao carefully compiled and arranged that it is accepted as an authoritative and reliable publication. The publishers deserve very great credit for the admirable manner in which every year they aend out thia work. To enumerate all that can be found in it would occupy more space than we have at our disposal ; but we may say that some improvements and additions have been made, ao that now it is a better publication than it baa ever been before. It is excellently printed by MeBsrs. Davies Bros., and ought to have a large circulation. "Papers and Proceedings and Report of the Royal Society of Tasmania for 1875," is a book which will no doubt be found interesting to many peraonB. It contains the report of the monthly meetings of the society which have from time to time appeared in The Mercury; also a number of papers and illustra- tions wbioh have never before appeared in print, and the meteorological returns compiled by Mr. F. Abbott. The receipt of the time table for the mails between England and Tasmania, via Point de Galle and Melbourne, for the year ending 31st December, 1877, ought to have been acknowledged before. It is issued from the General Post Office, Hobart Town. "THE CHURCTI NEWS."-We have received th!s periodical for January. The following items will be found interesting :-" The Bishop ana his Council of Advice have determined that the next session of the Diocesan Synod shall be held in Hobart Town, during the week after Ash Wednesday." " Canon Bromby having been formerly appointed Dean of Hobart Town, the Cathedral Chapter will be able to meet at once for the purpose of nominating six clergymen to the clergy of the diocese for the election of two of that .number to the vacant cauonries." "The Rev. A. N. Mason, now in charge of the Êarish of New Town, has resigned the sure of ivandale, and she Board of Patronage has nominated the Rev. John Mace to the Bishop for appointment to the incumbency to the latter place. Mr. Mace has, we believe, accepted the appointment." THE REV. C. P. GREENE.-The numerous friends aud former parishioners of the Rev. C. P. Greene will be glad to hear (says the Church Netos) that he writes very hopefully of the work which is being earned on in his Parish of Coggeshall, in Essex. He has a large and well-restored Parish Church, in which hearty, frequent, and well-ordered services have been the rule for many years. Several of our Tasmanian "scholars " havo paid a visit to Cogges hall, and they speak warmly of the welcome they have rectived. When Dr. Moorhouse, the new Bishop of Melbourne, waa consecrated at West- minster Abbey, Dr. Perry, the late Bishop, acted as one of the oonseorators, and was attended by Mr. Greene, as his chaplain. Mr. Greene, a Victorian himself, speaks of the ocoaaion as having been a most interesting one, and of his having had the privilege of being introduced afterwards to the Archbishop of - Canterbury aud the Bishop of London. COMMERCIAL BANK.-The half-yearly meeting of proprietors of bauk stock is to be held on Wednes- day next, at noon, for the purpose of declaring a dividond. PARISH OF NEW NORFOLK.-A meeting of mem- bers of the Church of England is to be held in St. Matthew's school-room, New Norfolk, on Monday evening next, to electa representative to the Synod. PORT CYGNET REGATTA.-At a preliminary meet- ing, held on the 3rd ins t., it was decided to hold the regatta at Port Cygnet on the 10th March. How TO DRY FLOWERS WITH SAND.-The Floral Cabinet says:- "There are many brilliant flowers -such as dahlias, pausica, pinks, geraniums, sweet williams, carnations, gladiolus-which may be preserved so as to retain their colour for years. White flowers will not answer for this purpose, nor any succulent plant, as hyacinths or cactus. Take doep dishes, or those of sufficient depth to allow the flowers to be covered an inch deep with Baud. Get the common white sand, such as is used for scouriug purposes, cover the bottom of the dish with a layer half an inch deep, and then lay in the flowers, with their stems downward, holding them firmly iu place while you sprinkle more sand over them, until all the places between the petals are filled and the flowers buried out of sight. A broad dish will accommodate quite a largo number. Allow sufficient sand betweeu. Set the dish in a dry, warm, place, where they will dry gradually, and at the end of a week pour off the sand and examine them. If there ¡B any moisture in the sand it must be dried out before using again, or fresh sand may be poured over them the same as before." EFFECTS OF THE HEAT ON THE FEATHERED TRIBF. -Travellers between Kalkabury and Moonta on Thursday last inform us ( Yorke's Peninsula Adver- tiser) that thoy saw numbers of parrots beneath the trees that had fallen dead from the effects of the intense heat. Hundreds of birds perished in the vicinity of covered waterholes and tanks ; and tho smaller kinds with a strong instinct of self- preser- vation crept into holes in the ground, attempting to hide themselves from the intense beat of the aun. In and around Moonta also the feathered tribe suffered severely, scores of domestic fowls having yielded up the ghost during the hot weather that wo had on Thursday and Friday lust. 