RESIGNATION OF THE QUEEVS. LAND MINISTR Y. (ArIsrRALItS ASSOCIATED rItESS TELEGRAM.) BRIBANE., March 6. Mr. G. Thorn has resigned as premier and vice- presidentof the Council. The Gove nor his accordingly been requested by Ministers to postpone his departure in consequence of the crisis. It is suposed that MIr. Douglas or Mr. Griffith will be sent for. During the past few days says ths Sydney Morning Herald of the 27th ult., a rumour was prevalent in one part of the city that some ghosts had been seen in the vicinity of the Un'versity, and that they had taken the form of female figures in flowing robes, and disported themselves amongst the gloomy battlemaents after the "shades of evcnin g" had becn cast 'er the eity. Numbers. of I e ple, intermixed with a large assort ment of the larrikin element, congregated on several occasions in the vicinity of the seat of learning for the special purpose of having a glance at the spect-al visitants, and last night they were gratitied beyond their most snguine expectations. Several constables were dispatched to the scene to prevent dis. order. They found a mctley crowd as sembltd, also saw a tigure marching up the University avenue, dressed in a petticoat and covered with a sheet. The constables immediately gave chase, but this ghost was too uimble for them. It droppld its core. ments, vaulted over the palings, and ran across the shrubbery, where it disappeared. among ,h: peuple and was seen no more. The sheet and petticoat were caltired, however, and bhre evidence of having been used by some person or 1persons with little regard to cleanliness. The Dundee Adittiser mentions a rumour 'h t Mr. Baird has in contemplation the gift of another halt million sterling t, the Pres byterian churches in'Scotland. Mr. Baird is said to desire the advancement of the higher education of the ministers of all Presbyterian denominations, and to be de. vising means whreby those of the Free and United Presbyterian Churches may partici. pate in the advantages of the second muni. ticent gift without any compromise of principle on their part. The Sy Iney Morning IHera!d states that' should the weather b tine in Cook's Stta:i, after the 6th inst., it is expected that the Eastern Exteusii n \ustralasia anl China Telegraph Compa.ny's cable ship, the Agness will be able to complete the work of laying the cable across the straits by the 10th inst., when she will pturn to Sydney. 