British 'Blood and thc Tíírks. THE bodies of;-some eight thousand English men, moulder-peacefully in the graveyard'at Scutari. I fancy that the ..remembrance .'of their deaths '. 'might moderate the frenzy of the, politicians',who seem: bent on hounding England on to a fresh war with .Russia. Surely these' politicians . ipust be mainly young men,, or they, must have very short memories. Can; yo.u-n'iotSrecal, you-whofare middle aged,, and^whose memories aro good, those ..two, miserable . years between the fight at '.he Alma and the full of the Malakoff' Do you, .remember, i the Ghost's Derby Day of : 1855 1 Do you x'emember when, on the Cliff ; of Brighton undlthe Marina at St. Leonard's, you could ' scarcMj&'WMk ten pnces "without 1meeting_group'§*o¥ ladies and children chid in deepest mournings for their fathers, husbands, ' brothers-, sweethearts, slain in that wretched Chersonese, or who hud sickened and died in the cheerless wtirds of the Scutari Hospital? Aro we to haye those years of private agony and bereavementj^of public blundering and lnismanagenie^Qflf^over again 1 I suppose so. Glory is a^very^line thing., . I am only a pekin, a civilian, and I know nothing about Glory ; but I. confess that my blood runs cold and that my heart sickens, when I hear politicians pertly prating about the "arbi trament of the'*swórd," and " war clearing the atmosphere," ¿nd so forth, I never met Glory yet, and I don't know what lie pr she; is like ; but I have met War face to face half a dozen times in as many countries. I have looked into the whites, or rather the crimsons, of his^eyes, and I,have gazed upon the Sistei-3, \yho follow him wheresoever he goes. They are Three Sisters, .' and their names are Rapine, and Disease, ; and Death. ? This is. of course, a miserably craven and spiritless way of. looking at War. I cannot ¡help it. . I haye seen only War's madness and wicked ness, its foulness and squalor. ? To mo it has represented nothing but robbery and profli gacy, but famine: and slaughter ; and lean but think that if the warlike politicians were t to witness just half an .hour.7 of. actual warefare as I have "witnessed it in America, in Italy, , itt Mexico, :i n France, . in , Spain, \- their martial: ardour would cool down a little, and they. would ! not bo quite so prompt to blow the bellicose trumpet.-G. A.-Sala in the ' Illustrated London News.' ' 11 