CHRISTMAS r Bv 'Old Patriarch.' At last it has come! The long looked-for time of Christmas; the holiday of holidays ; the premier festival ef the year. Christmas! tho joy alike of men living ou every round of the social ladder ; a time equally uwliumiR tn nil. from thn silver-haired grandsire, cosily escouced in the old arm-chair, down to the precocious 'three-year-old,' who is just beginning to realise that it has an individual existence; the time when mystery reigns supreme in the kitchen ; whon even stern and studious paterfamilias submits without a grunt to the en croachments of a merry troop of youngsters, who proceed to turn topsy-turvy, with boughs of ever green and sprigs o£ mistletoe, tho— at other times — much-torbe- dreoded sanctum sanctorum of papa ; when the home is transformed into a ' sylvan retreat for fairy beauties,' and when the old roof -tree rings again with the unchecked mirth of youth. Christmas! the season for Yule caudles and logs ; when the table groans, if uot with boar's head and stately peacock, at least with gobbling turkey and waddling goose, and Ctell it not — not in- Oath, but in tho ears of tbat proudest of living portals, the matron of the feast) with huge smoking cannon balls of concentrated essence of indigestion — the harbinger of doctors' visits and wry faces. Christ mas ! the time when jokes fly around thick and fast, when all want to be funny, and wlron the song that best befits the time is, that of old George .Wither ':— 'So uow in come our joyful'st (cost ; Let .every man be jolly ; Baoh'Mont vtitii ivy loaves is drest, : And ievery post with holly. ' Though «pmp jvUuiIb At our mirth repine, ' tlonntl ymir foreheads garlands twine, ?DroWi'iMJri'o* inn eup of wine, : 'and ldHlB4U.be merry.' '-'? Christmas! tlie period of the year when' old Santa. Glaus pays mysterious ^visits fct ?uignt-ti'me to 'cbi}drcn'1H bed room*, and fills bur life 'folks* stock ings with dolls and bonbons, with 'drams Bud cricket- bAl Is*; when our ^radesmou are transforuiod into '«hop- frtmt decorators' ; wben the 'poor arc made glad begetting bifilfoyJsoonto the#unny side of life j when the pst maa-aud,.thPi«-#'!M-0,K #t» enriched with Ohrutmasoakeandfioruuj ^rjten our choirs ttiTiv out at miduight, and, accompanied with fiddle, flute, and triangle, call for ' Christians to awake' and inlroduoo them to tho larder. Christmas ! pre-eminently the soason when the vaiimis segments of the family circle, are brought together in Bacrcd unity ; whon old jealousies arc b lined ; when cuikcrinjj; wounds arc healed ; when broken friendships arc repaired; wlion 'Churchman' and ' l)isseuter' forget, or Bhould do, their grounds of contention, and arc at one, and their ' Peace on earth, good-will towards men' is the song that rings out with all its ancient hoavcu-givcn forccfuluess, aliko in monarch's palace aud iu peasant's cottage. But what moans all this ? Whence como these outbursts of hearty glad ness ? Wherefore is this strange o'er turuiug of man's accustomed stylo of life? Wherefore? Why, clerical sages tell us 'tis the birth-day of ileavou's greatest -^ift to earth — the great trod man Christ; that it its 'meet and right, and our bounden duty' to rejoice over n fact so bur dened with everything that is inspiring aud peace bestowing. I s.ay ecclesias tical wiseacres tell us this. But as 1 do not happen to be of the number of those who live in perpetual dread of the anathemas of the big-wigs of any church, I venture to think that at least it is fuuny that we should com memorate the birth of any being at a time of the year when it is quite certain that that being did not first see the light; and it is now a well-ascertained fact that whenever our Saviour was born, it was certainly months removed from the date at which wo arc wont to ' keep' his lm fail day. As it has not been often in my life that I have had the chance of showing my erudite iicquaiutanco with patristic lore, I cannot resist the (emptatiou that now pi-UKunU itself of appearing learned, and in mystifying myself and others by an elaborate quota! ion of big names n-'! uicicut facts, that some musty . ..ty folks arc so fond of everlastingly pokiug out of their graves. Well, here goes: — Early Christians appeared to have permitted nearly 201) years to pass over their heads before they ever thought of ' kccpiii-i;' tho birth-day of .lesus. Tho institution of the festival was attributed by the false Decretals to boiiic follow of the euphonious name of Tcla^phorua, who — all that 1 know about him is that he ' flourished' iu the ivigu of Antoninus Pius, 1 presume some ancestor of l£is Holiness the present Pope, who lived about a. i-. 150. So we are told. Hut as I did nol happen to be t ravelling in that country about that time, 1 cannot take my adidiivit that such \v;is in reality tho truth of the case. It wan not until tho reign of ihe #rcat Kmperor Coiu modiiK, who ' nourished.' 1 suppose, iu the same way us did the other magnate, about the ciul of the second century, that the first curtain traces of (he keeping of Christinas arc found. When iit last, in the reijjn of that monster of humanity (l)ioclotian), who ' flourished' — on Christians' bones — about the fall of century number three, the custom hcraiue more general. It is a curious fact that no uniformity whatever was maintained as to the period of the year for ob serving the fad of the nativity, some holding the festival in May or April, others iu January, and so on ; I sup pose, each one fixing the date accord ing to his own taste. It is also equally curious that December the '25th was fixed upon, to a great extent, out of consideration for the opinions of certain leading gentlemen of the time who happened to be heathens, this being with such, for reasons not necessary to state at this distance of time, the most important poiut of the year. So you see there was a little charity in those days, though the commodity has gone down in tho market somewhat since then. It is a fact that many of the beliefs and usages of ancient 1 cithens passed over to Christianity, and mrrvive to the present day. As though to catch them with guile, the Christian bishops sought to purify the heathen customs and feasts of the age by dove-tailing them into the imposing Christian cere monies then in vogue. Hence sprang Christianity's grandly devised liturgy, besides dramatic representations of the birth of Christ, aud the first events of his life. Hence sprang likewise the eo-called ' Manger songs,' and a multitude of Christinas carols, as well as Christmas dramas, which after wards degenerated into farces or fools' festivals. Hcuco also originated, at a later period, the Christ trees, or Christmas trues, adorned with lights and gifts — the custom of reoiprooal presents, and of special Christmas meats and dishes, such as Christinas rolls, cakes, ournmt loaves, dumplings, &c.; Thus Christmas ultimately be came a universal social festival for young and old, high aud low, as no other Christian festival could have be come. Well, after all's said and done, what matters it whence originated the custom ? Wo've got it, and that's everything; and iu every Christian country — savo it may be in cauny Scotland— for the next few days men oF different : nationalities, of various colorB, and of opposite religiouB opinions, will bo seeking to outvie each other in their efforts to disbur den themselves of tho accumulated cares of tho year, and t« yield them selves to the health-giving influences of natural mirth, But uow I am going to do a grumble. Vew things puzzle and vex ino more thau tho straiigo persistency with which . «otuo of our fellow colpuiats, who have coiUo from the old cou«try,,tryto,iboro the natives with pictures of Christmas in Europe, that fp speak churitably,, have as inuoh ot 'local color' jaB of jtputh. about them. To Jericho, say T, with your ye:iruingR after an English Christmas. 1 have triod both, ami be1* to rocnril my vole iu douided preforonco lor IV sunny, pleasant, oul-dnoi- fci i-- in 1 frolics of this ' ft.inlim -?'' '-,- ..?Jushind.' What matters it if w ^.luimt; dross in furs aud triiilgo through sno.v ft fool dcop, or spin ghost yavus over an enormous Yule log fire, ami burst oursolves with currant .gingerbread nnd so forth ? Wh.- cares if the Christmas thoughts of our yrmngster days arc turned bottom upwards iu this 'land of (ho sun' ? 'Tis Christ mas still ! and wo can got our till of pleasure, aud iu England or Germany they can do no more. But I have noticed that those amongst us who cry up so lustily the high-day enjoyments of an English Christmas arc exact copyists of those poor old Israelites who were always lusting after the flesh-pots of Egypt, quite forgetting its cruel ucourgingR aud moukings, and its tyranny over the downtrodden Hebrew.' You never hear these sticklers for the Christmas of the antipodes ever say a word about the terrible north-cast winds, the drizzling, piercing rains, the asthma giving fogs, the slush of tho dirty suow in a state of hull' thaw. Nothing is s;iid of frightful col-l«nn«l sickening fevers, and other ills without number that too often afllicl our friends on the other side of the world at this festive time. 'Sit, give mo Christmas under the clear blue .-.Ifv, finil sur rounded bv the luscious fruits of Quecnshuui ; though the sun may burn a liltle, and though the mos quitouti may bite a bit, wo arc sur rounded bv :i legion ??springs of plea sure of which those in I lie old land know nothing. Then lei us be happy :is we may be ; lol. our no'i.;s of joy be heard around. Foigilling not the few troubled diu- ;-:iMiig.-t us, but opening ihe kiudlv hand of benevo lence, let us try and cause tho pain stricken faces of (ho sicK aboui us -o smile with pleasurable surprise. Let us force the fatherless au-l motherless little ones around us to iVcl there are some iu the world wlm can; for them. Let us dispense of the bounties of our tables to those low iu Toowoomlia who have made iici|uaint:iuco wii'i want. Lotus seek Ihe hand of the neighbor who has injured us, and smilo him into friendship. Let hk Hid my moralising (oilier is at t he s1 retch, and my hand is weary, so I will dele gate my old friend Maekay to say what 1. cannot say : — ' V« ivln- have smttn'il cikIi other, Or iiijui'ul fritiii'l -n- luMlhor, 111 this fiist-f.L.liii-yoMi-; Yu will., ll,y WHI-.1 l/l- .luu.1. Huve mil.lt; u kind heart l)l-!i«l, Culllr, Rittlu'i-liiiiv ! Jji't shun] ugHi'nsLim.l sinning, l''m-Ki:t thru- slrifi-'s li.^iiiniiiK, Aii'l join in friuniKliip now ; )ie links no lnn^r lir.ib'ii, Jiu swuel fori;i vim less spuk^ii Under tho Holly Uoiijjh. Yc who have loved each other, Mister, and friend, nnd brother, Iu this fiist-fadiiiR yuiir: Mother, and sire, and ehild, Yuan;,' iti.ui mid maiden mild, Clinic, ipllicr here ; And let your heart* riow louder, As memory shall ponder, Ench |»ist unbroken vow. Old loves ami younger wooing Arc sweet in tho renewing, Under the Holly Bough. Yo who have nourish 'd RadiK-ss, Estranged from hone and gladness, In this fust/ndiiig year; Ye with o'er- buxdeued iniud, Made aliens from your kind, Come, gntber here. Let not the useless sorrow Pursue you night niul morrow — If o'er you hoped, ho]-o now. Tnke heart ; uucloud your faces, Aud join iu our embracou Uuder the Holly bough. 