SYNOD OF THE DIOCESE OF GRAFTON & ARMIDALE. {Concluded from page S.J Thubsday, May 31. The Synod re-assembled at 9.30 a.m. Prayers were said by the Clerical Se cretary. The minutes of last meeting were read and confirmed. The Rev. C. G. Robinson presented the Annual Report of the Diocesan Council, together with the Treasurer's yearly state ment of accounts. The Report was read. Proposed by Mr. A. J. Maister, and seconded by the Rev. J. H. Johnson— " That the Report of the Diocesan Coun cil, with the Treasurer's statement, be re ceived." Carried nem. con. Proposed by the Rev. C. C. Greenway —"That the Report of the Diocesan Coun cil, with the Treasurer's balance sheet, be adopted and printed." Carried. The Rev. J. F. R. Whinfield brought . up the Report of the Select Committee | appointed to enquire into the Presenta tion Canon, and moved that it be read and received by the Synod. The Report was read, as follows :— "Report of the Select Committee ap pointed by the Synod to consider and report upon the existing Presentation Canon. "Your Committee, having carefully considered the present Presentation Or dinance, unanimously determine that it ought forthwith to be repealed, and that a Bill be introduced during the present Session of Synod embodying the attached clauses, to form the basis of a new Pre sentation Ordinance. " Your Committee would respectfully submit that they have given the subject their most diligent and earnest thought, and hope they may be permitted to com mend it to the Synod." The Rev. J. F. R. Whinfield moved the suspension of the Standing Orders Nos. 17 and 9, to admit of a Canon being brought forward to repeal the Appoint ment of Clergy to Parishes Canon of 1874, and to provide a New Canon. Seconded by the Rev. D. M. Sinclair, and leave given. The Rev. J. F. R. Whinfield moved that the proposed Ordinance for the Ap pointment of Clergy to Parishes Bill be now read the first time. Seconded by the Rev. F. E. Spooner, and carried. The title of the Bill was read. The Rev. J. F. R. Whinfield proposed that, with the permission of the Synod, the Bill for the Appointment of Clergy to Parishes be now read a second time. Seconded by Mr. C. Legh, and leave given. The Secretary read the Bill at length, ! and the Synod proceeded to discuss the general principle of the Bill. The Rev. J. F. R. Whinfield spoke of ; the great difficulty in providing such an Ordinance as that now proposed to the Synod—a difficulty unknown in England, but unavoidable bere. In the diocese of Sydney, they had discussed one for seve ral Sessions, and, although some conclu1 sion had been arrived at, he believed that it was not satisfactory to the great body of the Clergy. In the Newcastle diocese, they had also experienced great difficul ties, and at their recent Session had passed a new Ordinance. He thought that no reproach would be attached to us if, having passed an Ordinance three years ago, it was found to need revision. The only time the Canon had been brought into operation, owing to peculiar circum stances no decision was arrived at. The Select Committee had endeavoured to guard against such a contingency. Some most important changes and improvements had been introduced into the new Bill, the chief being (1) that the number of the Presentation Board was increased so thatitwouldcensistof an unequal number ; and (2) that in the election of Parochial Representatives the power of election was taken away from the Parochial Councils, and transferred to a large number of Parishioners. He considered it at least as important that the People should have a voice in the appointment of these Clergy men as in the appointment of Lay Repre sentatives to the Synod. He considered that no undue preponderance was given to the Diocesan Representatives, for the number must be unequal, and it was bet ter to give the additional number to the Diocesan Representatives, who would be more likely to be free from local preju dices, and at le&Bt; as anxious as tbe Paro chial Representatives to discharge their duty faithfully. He believed that the proposed Ordinance would obviate such a disastrous termination as had recently happened, when he had been obliged to go home and say that "they had done nothing," and that it would also give in creased'interest to the Parishioners in the matter of the appointment of their Clergy men. He commended the proposed Ordi nance to the careful consideration of the Synod. The Rev. C. C. Greenway thought that the Diocesan element on the Presentation Board should be larger than was pro posed, and he also advocated that, if de sired, there should be different centres of voting in each parish. He had found that i means of voting act well in his own pa- j rish, in the case of election of Ijay Repre- ! sentatives to the Synod, and considered that it was well calculated to prevent ex-' citement or undue interference of local partisanship. He also thought that the i Bishop during a vacancy Bhould provide i for the discharge of the duties of the cure for the time. As regarded the People having the first nomination, they could see the evils of that in a recent case in Sydney, where it had resulted in the worst evils of electioneering. The Right Rev. the President desired to express his approval of the clear and able manner in which the Rev. J. F. R. Whinfield had laid down the principles of the proposed Ordinance. Respecting the preponderance given to the Diocesan Re presentatives, he desired that the Lay members of the Church should not feel that they were in any way overpowered in numbers. With respect to voting for Parochial Representatives at various cen tres, if it were merely left optional he should not oppose it, as it would enable the members of the Church to be operated upon more easily at those centres. He would gladly fill up vacancies imme diately, but the difficulty was to find Clergymen to fill vacant cures, and if he was required to fill up a vacancy tem porarily he thought that the principle of Dissenting bodies, viz.—of "a call"— would he involved in such a course. Mr. C. Legh considered that they Bhould avoid in their legislation point ing to recent events at Armidale, and he was glad to know that in amending the old Act no attempt had been made to legislate for a special purpose. The main principle of the Hew Bill was the same as that of the former one; the chief ques tion was whether it would not be sufficient simply to repeal the old Act, and leave the whole matter In the hands of the ; Bishop; hut, as they had already af- j firmed a definite principle, he thought it unwise to go back. There were two dif- I ferent principles in this matter which had been followed by different dioceses; ac cording to (1), the first nomination pro ceeded from the Bishop, and the Presen tation Board had the power of approval or veto ; according to (2), the first nomi nation proceeded from the Congregation, and the Bishop had the right of veto. This Synod had already distinctly affirmed the first of these two principles. He thought it unnecessary to point out the evils of the second course. It might be possible for them to get on several years without any Ordinance, but it would be wise for the Synod to re-affirm the better principle, and pass the proposed Ordi nance, after due consideration, lest in future years, if no such Bill existed, an agitation might be made, and an Ordi nance introduced which would embody the worst features of popular election. He believed that the proposed Ordinance was an improvement on the former one, especially in the alteration of the Board of Electors, and that it would be a safe guard against the undue influence of clique or faction. He would vote for the second reading. Mr. R. I. Perrott said that he had op posed the passing of the original Ordi nance, at the Session of 1874, and he still considered that the whole appointment of Clergymen to vacant parishes should rest in the hands of the Bishop, who best knew who was the most fit and proper person for any parish. He regarded the intro duction of the principle of popular elec tion as striking at the foundations of the Church of England. Mr. J. Mackenzie thought that, if the Bishop failed to fill up a vacant cure within a certain fixed time, the nomina tion should be left in the hands of the Presentation Board. Ho thing more seri ously affected the interests of a Parish, or gave greater power to Dissenters, than being deprived for any length of time of the ministrations of a Resident Clergy man. The Rev. J. H. Johnson desired to ex press his approval of the proposed Ordi nance, as well calculated to prevent the diocese drifting too far in the direction of popular election. Mr. C. R. Blaxland thought that the number of electors of Parochial Repre sentatives might well be increased, and agreed with the Rev. C. C. Greenway in regard to plurality of voting places. The Rev. A. E. Brown said that the large places had sense enough to repre sent the smaller places. Mr. A. W. Simpson drew attention to the anomalous position of the electors of Parochial Representatives under the old Ordinance, which rendered the election to a certain extent unconstitutional; whereas the proposed Canon placed the election in the hands of a body of Churchmen. The Rev. J. F. R. Whinfield, in reply, said that there waB much force in what Mr. Mackenzie had said about the evil of leaving parishes unprovided; bub they could be sure that the Bishop would feel that a Parish without a Clergyman was in an anomalous position, and that he would fill any vacancy as speedily as possible. In answer to Mr. Perrott, they had al ready affirmed a principle, and the pro posed Canon simply re-affirmed it. With reference to the Rev. C. C. Greenway's suggestion of plurality of voting places, he did not see the necessity for it. He also drew attention to the fact that, in the proposed Presentation Board, an in creased preponderance was given to the Lay element, the proportions being five Laymen to two Clergymen; and he be lieved that the power of veto would be given to a body of men well qualified to exercise their dutieB in a conscientious manner. The motion for the second reading was carried. The Synod went into Committee of the Whole, to consider the clauses of the pro posed Ordinance seriatim. Synod in Committee. The preamble was postponed. Clause 1, repealing clause, postponed. Clause 2, passed as read. Clause 3, passed as read. j Clause 4, passed as read. Clause 5, passed as read. I Clause 6, carried as amended. | Clause 7, passed as read. i The Chairman left the chair, reported progress, and asked leave to sit again. | The Synod adjourned at 1 p.m., till: 2.15 p.m. j The Synod re-assembled at 2.15 p.m. I The Synod went into Committee of the Whole, to consider the remaining clauses of the Presentation Ordinance. Clause 8, passed as read. Clause 9, carried as amended. Clause 10, passed as read. Clause 11, carried as amended. Clause 12, carried as amended. The Rev. C. C. Greenway moved the insertion of three clauses to take place of clauses 13, 14, and 15. | After a long discussion of this motion, which was opposed by the Revs. D. M. Sinclair and J. F. R. Whinfield, the clauses postponed were agreed to, but were postponed for amendment. Clause 13, passed as read. Clause 14, passed as read. Clause 15, carried as amended. Clause 16, passed as read. Clause 17, passed as read. Clause 18, carried as amended. Clause 19, passed as read. Clause 20, passed as read. The Chairman left the chair, reported progress, and asked leave to sit again to morrow. It waB agreed that the further conside ration of the Presentation Canon should stand an order of the day for to-morrow. Notices of motion were given, by Mr. C. R. Blaxland and Mr. C. Legh. The Synod adjourned at 5.35 p.m., till 9.30 to-morrow (Friday) morning. Friday, June 1. The Synod re-assembled at 9.30 a.m. The Office was said by the President. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. Mr. R. L Perrott gave notice of the following motion :—" That the Diocesan Council be instructed to take into con sideration the necessity of providing a Fund for the benefit of Widows and Orphans of Clergymen of this Diocese; and that, should they fail in doing so, the Council shall be empowered to put themselves in communication with the Diocesan Council of Newcastle, with a view to this Diocese being admitted by them to a participation in the benefit of a Fund already in existence in that Diocese, with such stipulations as may be deemed necessary; and report the result of their deliberations, and such application to the Synod, at its next meeting." Mr. A. J. Maister gave notice of a mo tion to provide for filling a vacancy in the Diocesan Council. The Rev. J. F. R. Whinfield moved, and Mr. G. P. Morse seconded—"That the President do now leave the chair, and that the Synod resolve itself into a Com mittee of the Whole, for the further con sideration of the Canon for Regulating the Presentation of Clergymen to Pa rishes." Carried. The President left the chair, and Mr. C. Legh (Chairman of Committees) took the same. Synod in Committee. The Rev. C. C. Greenway moved, and Mr. C. It. Blaxland seconded, the adop tion of a clause to stand clause 21 of the New Canon. Carried. The Rev. J. F. R. Whinfield moved, and Mr. A. VV. Simpson seconded— " That the Canon he re-committed, with a view of making alterations in clauses 16 and 18." Carried. The clauses were carried as amended. Mr. J. Mackenzie moved, and the Rev. J. H. Johnson seconded—" That in clause 18, all words after the words / may be' shall be omitted," and the following words be inserted in lieu thereof: 'Provided that, after three nominations shall have been made by the Bishop as aforesaid, and rejected by the Board of Present ation, the appointment shall remain in the hands of the Bishop alone, who shall institute a Clergyman to the vacant cure without reference to the Board.'" Nega tived. Clause 22, passed as read. Clause 1 (repealing clause) carried as amended. Preamble, carried as amended. The Rev. J. F. R. Whinfield moved, and Mr. C. R. Blaxland seconded—" That the Chairman do leave the chair, and report the Canon as re-considered and amended in Committee." Carried. The Chairman left the chair, and re ported accordingly. The Rev. J. F. R. Whinfield moved, and Mr. C. Legh seconded—" That the Canon, as passed by the Committee, be adopted." Carried. The Rev. J. F. R. Whinfield moved, and the Rev. D. M. Sinclair seconded— " That the Appointment of Clergymen to Parishes Canon of 1877 be now read a third time." Carried. The Rev. J. F. R. Whinfield moved, and the Rev. D. M. Sinclair seconded " That the Canon do now pass." Carried. The Right Rev. the President formally declared his consent to the Canon. Mr. C. R. Blaxland moved, according to notice—" That this Synod, recognising the difficulty In procuring Clergymen, re commends increasing the minimum sti pend, and directs the Diocesan Council to consider and report upon this matter to the next Session of Synod." He said that the motion was simply a recommendation. No doubt all would agree that £200 per annum was too small a stipend. It would soon be impossible to obtain men intel lectually, as well as morally and spirit ually, fit to influence congregations if they were not offered more than a bare subsistence. He believed that, if the stipend were increased, it would make it easier for the Bishop to procure Clergy men, by being able to promise more; if any parish was unable at a certain time to- provide the increased stipend of say .£250, temporary assistance ought to be given from the General Fund, which ought to be largely increased, and its purposes more generally explained. Mr. G. P. Morse said that, when it was j remembered that the Clergy had to main tain a certain status in society—to giv< liberally .to many objects—to travel ove: large districts, and run many risks in thi discharge of their duties—there could b< no doubt that the stipend they received •was very inadequate. Whether the mem- ] hers of the Church, as a whole, would put. their hands in their pockets to re medy the evil was another matter; he could only say that he, for one, would be glad to help in doing so. He would gladly second the motion. The motion was put, and carried nem. con. Mr. C. Legh moved, according to no tice—"That, in the opinion of this Sy nod, it is desirable that the question of the support of Clergymen in the outlying districts, which are otherwise unable to receive religious ministrations, and the supply of Catechists and Lay Readers, to visit children and families in the bush, should receive the attention of the Diocesan Council." The matter had al ready been considered by the Diocesan Council, a Select Committee had been ap pointed, and a circular sent to the pa rishes and different individuals, suggest ing the formation of an auxiliary Society analogous to the Sydney Church Society. Replies had been received from some who were unfavourable to the formation of such an Association, and from others who pro mised general support. There could be no doubt as to the spiritual wants of the outlying districts, where a Clergyman was never seen, and the people were destitute j of the Sacraments, families unvisited. The ■ question was whether it would be better to attempt to remedy those wants by in creasing the General Fund, and using the agency of the Diocesan Council, or to form a fresh Society with auxiliaries in each parish. He himself preferred the latter course. The wants were real, there fore his motion could not be regarded as premature. The Rev. J. F. R. Whinfield had heard Mr. Legh's speech with great pleasure; it was a great satisfaction to hear a Lay man express his desire to meet the great spiritual destitution which confessedly did exist, and that he should have thought out some means of lessening it. Only, he deprecated the formation of a second Society, as unnecessary. It was really chiefly a question of money, and the best way would be to move the Parochial Council to work to collect money for the General Fund, and bring the objects of the Fund more prominently forward. He would suggest that the matter should be commended to the Parochial Councils, and that by them the liberality of the people should be evoked, and the Fund so raised judiciously administered by the Diocesan Council. He had much pleasure in seconding the motion. The motion was supported by the Revs. C. C. Greenway and D. M. Sinclair, Mr. R. I. Perrott, and the Right Rev. the President. The motion was put, and carried nem. con. Moved by the Rev. J. F. R. Whinfield, and seconded by Mr. C. Legh—"That the Synod immediately proceed to the election by ballot of Diocesan Represent atives, to co-operate with the Parochial Representatives, under the terms of the Canon for the Appointment of Clergymen to Parishes." Carried. A ballot was taken, which resulted in: the election of the Revs. J. F. R. Whin-! field and C. C. Greenway, and Messrs. J. I Mackenzie and C. Legh. < Hotices of questions were given by the] Rev. J. H. Johnson and Mr. C. Blax land. Notices of motions were given by the Rev. C. C. Greenway and Mr. C. Legh. The Synod adjourned at 1.15 p.m., till 2.15 p.m. The Synod re-assembled at 2.15 p.m. The Rev. J. H. Johnson asked the question standing in his name, viz.— What rules are in force for the regulation of Consecrated Cemeteries in the diocese 1 The President replied—There are no rules common to the whole diocese, ex cept those contained in the Church Act of William IV., which are generally known. Mr. C. R. Blaxland asked, according to notice—What has been done in the matter of the Diocesan Book Depot ? The President replied that the books had been received from England, and that the depot at Armidale would shortly be removed to St. Peter's School Room. Mr. C. Legh moved, according to notice —" That this Synod is ef opinion that, in order to relieve the Bishop of his respon sibility as to the Bishopric Endowment Fund, and to carry out the intention for which Trustees were appointed for that Fund, it is desirable that the Trustees should take charge of the Fund as soon as possible, and that the Bishop be re spectfully requested to take the necessary measures accordingly ; and that the name of Mr. Albert Whitby Simpson be in serted in the Trust in the place of Mr. Henry Arding Thomas—and the name of Mr. George Phillips Morse in lieu of that of the Bishop of the Diocese." Mr. C. R. Blaxland seconded the mo tion. Carried. The Rev. C. C. Greenway moved, ac cording to notice—" That some action be taken by the Synod to provide a Code of Regulations for the guidance of proceed ings in connection with the Cemeteries set apart by the Government for the use of the members of the Church of England in this diocese." The motion was seconded by the Rev. F. E. Spooner. The Rev. J. F. R. Whinfield drew at tention to the provisions of the Church Act, which sufficiently provided for the caBe. The motion was, after discussion, with drawn, by leave of the Synod. Mr. C. Legh moved—"That this Synod agrees to refer to the Provincial Synod, without discussion at this Session, the fol lowing subjects, viz.—The incorporation of the Church by Act of the Legislature, and obtaining power to alter the Consti tution. The formation of a Tribunal for the Administration of Ecclesiastical Dis-j cipline in the Church of England in New South Wales. The obtaining the repeal of the Church Act 8 William IV., No. 5, and providing for the duties of Church wardens by Ordinance of the Provincial Synod." Seconded by Rev. C. G. Robinson. Carried. Mr. R. I. Perrott proposed tlie motion standing in his name with reference to the Clergy's Widows and Orphans Fund. The motion was seconded by the Rev. C. C. Greenway, and carried. On the motion of Mr. A. J. Maister, seconded by the Rev. C. G. Robinson, the Synod proceeded to fill by ballot the vacancy in the Diocesan Council occur ring through the departure of the Rev. J. Spencer. The ballot resulted in the election of the Rev. D. M. Sinclair. The Rev. D. M. Sinclair moved (by leave)—"That the thanks of this Synod be given to the Secretaries, for the ef ficient manner in which tlieir duties have been discharged." Seconded by Mr. R. I. Perrott, and carried. Mr. A. J. Maister moved (by leave)— "That this Synod hereby thanks the Chairman of Committees for the able and patient manner in which he has dis charged the duties of hia office." Seconded by the Rev. F. E. Spooner. Carried. The Rev. J. H. Johnson moved (by leave)—" That this Synod desires to ex- 1 press its thanks to the residents of Arm!, dale for the hospitality and kindness dis played towards its members." Seconded by Mr. J. Mackenzie. Car ried. A unanimous vote of thanks was passed to the President for the courteous and dignified manner in which he had pre sided at the deliberations of the Synod. The Right Rev. the President, in re turning thanks, said that, in reviewing the business of the Synod, he believed that never during his Episcopate had tbeir deliberations been conducted with so much comfort to himself, and so much benefit to the Church at large. A ge neral amity had prevailed, undisturbed by even a wrangling word. He felt sure that all had tried their utmost to do what was best, in the best way. The Te Deum having been recited, the President pronounced the Benediction, and declared.ibe'SyUgiladjou rn ed sine die. of Synod. ^ The Jol lowing is a list of the Parishes, the Clergy summoned, and iheABay Re presentatives Armidale.—Mr. A. H. Belfield, Mr. A. W. Simpson. Bundarra.—Rev. C. C. Greenway. Mr. jG. P. Morse, Mr. C. R. Blaxland. I Bingera.—Rev. A. E. Brown. > Casino.—Rev. F. R. Newton. Glen Innes.—Rev. J. H. Johnson, B. A. Mr. Jas. Mackenzie. Grafton.—Mr. T. H. Smith, Mr. E. C. Batt. Gunnedah.—Rev. F. Gough. Mr. A. J. Maister. Inverell.—Rev. A. E. Spooner, D.D. Mr. C. Legh. Kempsey.—Rev. J. Pateraon. Mr. F. G. Panton. Port Macquarie.—Mr. R. I. Perrott. Narrabri.— Tam worth.—Rev. J. F. R. Whinfield. Mr. P. G. King. Tenterfield. —Rev. F. Davis. Mr. A. Greenup. Uralla.—Rev. D. M. Sinclair. Walcha.—Rev. C. Gerard Robinson, M.A. Mr. C. D. Fenwiek. Warialda. —Rev. F. Spooner.^ _ ^oAppomtmenr l"oftjlergymen to Parishes Canon of 18T7 will be given next week.] SYNOD OF THE DIOCESE OF GRAFTON & ARMIDALE. On Wednesday, May 30th, the Second Session of the Second Synod of the Dio cese of Grafton and Arraidale was begun, at Armidale. The Litany was said, and the Holy Communion was celebrated, in the Ca thedral Church of St. Peter, the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of the Diocese cele brant. After Divine Service, the members of the Synod re-assembled,, in St. Peter's School Room. The Synod Roll was called, and the following members answered to their names :— Clerical: Revs. J. R. Whinfield, C. C. Green way, D. M. Siuclair, C. G. Robin bod, F. Gough, F. Spooner, and A. E. Brown. Lay: C. Legh, C. R. Blaxland, J. Mackenzie, G. P. Morse, R. I. Perrott, A. W. Simpson, and* A. J. Maister. The Right Rev. the President delivered his Address. * My Reverend Brethren the Clergy, and my Brethren the Laity of this Synod— You will alL remember that, at our last Session, a rule was added to our Standing Orders—a rule that I might, with the consent of the Diocesan Council, postpone the summoning of the Synod for the space of not more than one year. Such a post ponement I should have sought this year had it been consistent with the business of the diocese. T am well aware of the expense and labour incurred by some- -I may say the most of you—in attending these meetings, and I scruple to summon yon unless it be necessary. Still, I am not unconscious that, even if thfere be but little business to do—even if, as we are sometimes told, sarcastically, by spme who are, perhaps, severer critics of others than of themselves, that there is nothing done—yet I am persuaded that the attri tion of minds is not without a good effect, and that the polished fabric cannot rise where the particles are not brought toge ther in close contact and free motion. Isolation, from year to year, is only an- | other name for certain narrowness of mind. But we have some work to do at this , Session, if it be to amend work which has j shown flaws. I am not dismayed, nor even much surprised, that we should have thus to re-consider our own work, for I am sure that we have no reason to expect that we shall be able at once to erect a perfect body of laws, or even any one Canon which, from circumstances scarcely possiblo to foresee, may not prove on its first trial to require either greater elasticity or contraction, or even, possibly with advantage to the diocese, withdrawal altogether. Some of the Canons which we pass for ourselves are, from our very circumstances, tentative, and we must be content by slow degrees to work them into a practicable shape, and to put— if I may use such a homely phrase in this august assembly—a spoke in the wheel of that metaphorical chariot which is driven with such ease through any Act of Parliament, shall I say, considering our numbers, afortiori through an Act of the Synod of a young diocese ? The first subject that I must speak of in connexion with ourselves, and the whole body of the Church, is the meeting of the General Synod of the Dioceses of ^ Australia and Tasmania, held in Sydney p-irrtDictober last. It is fashionable to ac cuse that body of doing little, but it may be questionable whether doing little is al ways blameworthy.*- Little may be done, but it may be done quietly, and, after all, an aBBembling of ourselves together, to work quietly, may be, if we do little bet ter than that kind of assembly and work which is described, by no mean authority of the Church of Ireland as a Helkath hanuzim, with too many voices crying " Let the young men arise and play be fore us," and too many combatants wlio have caught, every one, his fellow by the head, and thrust his sword into his fel low's side. But I think that there was more solid learning upon Church principles displayed in that Synod than before. If we did lit tle, I do not know but that we may be con gratulated upon that little, if only those who sit in council at home would believe it. So much remains among ns that has to be proved wrong, and if wrong to be cleared away, and if right to be established and cautiously built upon, that, until such points are really settled, and all are agreed that they are settled, we cannot expect that much will be done, nor ought much to be tried, if there is any prospect , of what we do being found to be obstruc tive hereafter. A great deal of time was spent on the question of the authority and power of a Metropolitan in the abstract, and also particularly as to his power to veto abso lutely the consecration of a person to be a Bishop in his metropolitan ate. The il obiter dicta" of the late Lord Romilly, with which : he chose to preface his judgment in the I case of Colenso v. Gladstone, were very frequently cited, as if they were really a judgment, but they were not, are not j truly such, and I for one cannot accept . that learned Judge's private opinions ^and theories as law, in contradistinction tovtkfc^cal judgments of the Privy Coun cil. , Lord Rom lily's judgment I do not question, but' even of that I should say that to be casfc in such a suit on the maxim " ignorantia a legis non excusat," when jurisconsults were the authors of the diffi culty, and their ignorance of the law the very cause of the trouble, does seem very bitter irony. If some matters were only ventilated, our meeting was not without profit. ^ I •specially desire to draw your attention to a subject there considered, on which several of us were carefully engaged—I mean the proposal to form a General Fund for the benefit of the Widows and \- Orphans of the Clergy of the Church in these colonies. If such a General Fund be found im practicable to be formed—and that, certainly, must not be too quickly deter mined—a Society may be formed to pro vide such a Fund for the benefit of the c Widows and Orphans of the Clergy in this colony without much difficulty. No thing, I think, but a determination to continuo isolated, diocese by diocese, could really prevent this arrangement; and that desire of isolation would, I think, show a want of appreciation of the real oneness of our Body. It is to be hoped that this proposal will not be al lowed to pass into the '' Limbus inf antim! and the real earnestness and practical . knowledge shown by some members of the Committee appointed to consider the matter is our best defence against that end to the effort. With the view of explaining to yon all more particularly the nature of the pro posal, I would ask that the Report of that Committee of the General Synod may be printed at the end of our Report of this Session's transactions. The great obstacle to the formation of such a Society would be the fact that several now existing have Capital Funds, and that, of course, it would be inequit able that such Funds should be charged with any burdenB arising from' new dio ceses being admitted to the benefits of a Society to which they have not subscribed any equivalent sum. But such a difficulty can be overcome, and not with any great trouble, for an actuary could always value the fair sum which any in-coming diocese should pay to enable its members to share the benefits. Another difficulty is, per- \ haps, less easily overcome, viz.—the ob struction that human selfishness may ex hibit in opposing what would not (and which must be contrived so as nob to) injure vested interests, on the plea that it would do so. I would again recommend that a Select Committee, or the Diocesan Council, be instructed to enter into negotiations with the Diocese of Newcastle with a view to our Clergy being admitted into their So ciety. That will be a step in the right direction. Amid the pressing wants of my diocese, I feel that we cannot at once, in a sparsely-peopled district, hope to establish such a Society, ourselves for ourselves. Bet us, therefore, try to do the better thing, which should have been done by all in the first instance, viz.— combine (with the hope of a general com bination hereafter) witli a diocese of which we once were part, and which is, I be lieve, not unwilling to receive us on equi table terms. The one determination which was re solved upon at the General Synod was that which was framed to regulate the formation of new dioceses in Australia and Tasmania, and to which our Synodal j consent is required before it can become binding upon us. This act of consent by us is, I paay re~ mind you, required by the Constitutions of the General Synod, but I think it a blot in our legislation—What is the Gene ral Synod ? Is it not a representative body of the whole of the Church of Eng land, so called, in Australia and Tas mania? If so, how, with any just rea son, can the acts of the whole body be submitted to the approval of the separate parts ? We, as a Synod, are represented asa Synod by our Bishop, Priests, andLay men ; the two last are elected members, and represent us as much as a member of Par liament represents the borough for which he sits. Either they are trustworthy, aud in that case we ought not to be asked to ratify what tliey have consented to, or they are not trustworthy, and in that case it would be our duty, as our interest, to remove tliem ; and, if their action has in jured us, to seek our remedy in a future Synod. As it is, the parts separately are equal in power to the parts acting as a whole. A diocese not accepting the de terminations of the General Synod is re presented in that Synod, has full powers in that body, any counsel of which it may set at nought. That, in my opinion, is an anomaly, and ought to be remedied. Two other subjects affecting us were brought before that Synod—one of which, had it been received, would have affected you, my brethren the Clergy, and the other would have affected both you and the Laity. Though neither of these subjects was entertained by the General Synod, they are both of sufficient interest to demand attention. The first was a mo tion, by the Bishop of Adelaide, " That, in accordance with Canon 48th (of 1603-4) every clergyman migrating from one dio cese to another, represented in this Synod, shall present, to the Ordinary of the dio cese in which he seeks to serve, the testi mony in writing of the Ordinary of the diocese from which lie removes that he is worthy, as to his moral conduct and con formity to the laws of the Church, to re ceive license, and that such testimony be conveyed by the said Ordinary, with his signature on the form of testimonial signed by three beneficed clergymen." That, yon see, would be an addition to the usual form of letters testimonial pro duced to the. Bishop of the diocese in which a clergyman coming from another diocese desires to exercise' his ministry. Moreover, it seems to mo that the refusal by any Bishop to give this certificate would put him in the uncomfortable posi tion of being liable to an actio*, with any amount of damages. But, in the next place, was, or is, such a certificate neces sary ? The letters testimonial "do them selves bear upon their face the testimony of three beneficed clergymen to the facts which, by this certificate, it was sought to require each clergyman changing his dio cese to obtain from his former Bishop. They are, likewise, countersigned by that former Bishop ; their value depends upon the consciences of the, three clergymen signing them. No clergyman, I should say, would ask, if he could find him, a clergyman of bad repute to sign his testi monials, much less pick out three such to do it. I cannot find that, under the 48th Canon, any other form that differs essen tially from that which is now usual has been required, and the form used i " mutatis mutandis," the same as is re quired for admission to Holy Orders. I do not think we could enforce such a riile, but, if we could, and you, my brethren the Clergy, would not desire it, you will not—as I have reason to know that you do not—put your signatures to letters testimonial except very scrupulously, " for a sham testimonial of life and manners doth not only deceive the Bishop in a point of the most concern ment, both with regard to his office and reputation, but does an injury to the Church itself, and affects the interests and credit of the ministry at lasjge." Con sidering that to be your guide, I see no sufficient occasion to put any greater re stviction, ou your moving from one diocese to another, than now exists, only having a careful memory on your parts that, m giving Buch signatures, good nature is not to take the place of true judgment—a re mark which applies with truth, and ought to be more considered with relation to other forms of testimonial besides letters testimonial to Bishops. The next point was the motion of the Venerable Archdeacon Browne, of Tas mania, "That the Right Reverends the Bishops, the Vicars General, and Arch deacons present, and one Lay Representa tive of each Diocese, be a Committee to consider and approve of a Shortened Service for the use of country congrega tions, when approved of by the Bishop of the Diocese." . . The motion was ruled to be inadmis sible. But it touches on some points which require a few words. The vener able mover's object was, as I understood him, not a shortening of our Services on the Lord's Day, because of their t€ longsomeness"—which was the old complaint—but for the -more expedition, that one clergyman might be able to giye more Services in the bush on the Lord's Day than he can with our present custom, and that the way to accomplish that would be to remove repetitions from our present Service. Now, our present Service of Morning Prayer on the Lord's .Day is, you proba bly all know, the putting together of three otherwise distinct Services, viz. :— Morning Prayer, Litany, and Holy Com munion. It is not easy to find out ex actly when this became the custom of the Church of England, for the order for it, given by Archbishop Grindal, in 1571, is not conclusive (rather, presumptively, the other way,) of its not being a custom even at that time. The order was not given quite a quarter of a century from the publication of the first P. Book of Edward 6th, during five years of which time the P. Book had been practically suppressed. It may have been the cus tom of the Province of Canterbury long before it was introduced into the Arch diocese of York. Things did not travel quite so fast then as they do now, and the custom may have been introduced from abroad, on the return of those who had fled from the persecutious in the reign of Queen Mary. But we may infer that, up to that time, in the diocese of York the rule had been to say the Ser vices so far apart only that there was no serious interval between the saying of them. A bell was rung, which being done frequently during the Lord's Day between the Services, to call those who wished to attend, seems to have given great offence to the Puritan party in England ; and it seems, from Grindal's order, to have been that which was struck at, in part. The order was that " the minister was not to pause or stay between the Services, but to say them together without any inter mission." And that has been the rule ever since. I very much doubt whether the Clergy had much to do with the change originally, but rather imagine that they were, especially in the North of Eng land, more likely to be keeping as close as they could to the pre-Reformation use in this particular, and that we are in debted principally to Geneva for its intro duction. The Morning Service of our Church is not really now, with an average length of sermon, longer in time than one hour and thirty or thirty-five minutes; and, really, the suppression of all repetitions, so called, after all would not make it, I am convinced, ten minutes "shorter. I' know no law to prevent the separa tion of the Services in our congregations. It might be advisable to omit what is commonly called the Ante- Communion Service when it is not really "ante," but " sine" not " before," but " with out," and intended to be without, Com munion. The writers of a book called " Candid Disquisitions," 1749, who were really Dissenters—but whose suggestions need not, for that, be put aside altogether —mention that point: so it is not a novel idea. But on a Sunday the Litany might surely be omitted sometimes at one station, and sometimes at another— said, perhaps, alternately. My own ex perience is that objections are raised by the Laity to having what they consider only part of the Church Service. I particularly demur, also, to the plan of shortening our Services by eliminating repetitions. Eew people, of any common sense, I suppose, consider the repeti-" tions in our Services to be really vain. There is a wonderful table of them, quite worth studying, in the book I spoke of just now. I demur, I say, to their elimination, because they who com piled our Liturgy were quite as well aware as we are how often, for instance, the Lord's' Prayer occurred, or might occur, in any Service. They also had a purpose in putting that prayer in the places where they did put it. It does not come to us without a refreshing charm just after the Creed, just before we begin the moredirect acts of Prayer. The Bhort Yersicles previous to the Collect for the day are not merely repetitions of the substance of the Collect and Prayers (re petitions, indeed, they cannot be of what has not yet been said), but they are brief prayers, gradually to draw our soul's attention ..to the more sustained applica tion which is needed in the prayers which are to follow. I hold that to eliminate repetition from our Services may, indeed, shorten them in time a very little, but, as it also neglects—if I may so speak—the mechanism of Public Prayer, the unre cognised (though, no doubt, not unfelt) stimulus to devotion, which those short forms afford, it would simply dullen our Services, without any equal compensation; and on those grounds, exclusive of any others, I should have, if it could have been enter tained, voted against it, and declined to take any part in tbe matter. I do not care for a picture without any bright lights. After what passed in one part of this diocese, in the early part of this year, con cerning some innovations in the manner of celebrating Divine Worship in the Church and public congregation, you may expect some remarks from me upon that subject generally. Such an expression of my opin ions and wishes is due to you, my bre thren the Clergy, and Laity in communion with me in this diocese ; and I the rather desire to speak to you on the subject be cause I have not had the opportunity of placing my opinions and principles of ac tion in these matters before you hitherto without seeming, perhaps, to intrude the subject on your notice when it was not really necessary to do so. Ritualism, and Churchism, are two out of a series of names which have been fixed, from time to time, during the last forty-five years, by one parly in the Church upon the principles of those who differ from them. Of the last- named of these party-names, I, for one, hope that I never shall be ashamed, but rather think that they have need to be ashamed who use such a term as of reproach to anyone for attachment plain, decided, unfalter ing, to principles held by our Church, and which do, in truth, distinguish the real from the nominal Churchman. The other name—Ritualism, or Ritualist—is capa ble of a sense which we need not be ashamed of. as well as of a sense in which it is to be deprecated :—in other words, there is a Ritualism which is lawful, and there is a Ritualism, which is unlawful. But the name is obviously too extensive ; it gives the ignorant, and ill-disposed, and unreasoning, and the enemies of the Church, an opportunity of classing toge ther under one odious name two different things to be condemned in one category, as if they were equally blameworthy, viz. —an endeavour to return to obedience to the rules of the Book of Common Prayer, as a real help to reverent communion with God and our brethren in Public Worship, and the introduction of really unautho rised novelties for the same purpose. No Public Worship—not even that of a Quak ers' meeting—can bp conducted entirely without attention to some forms. The Church's Ritual is contained, in the Ru brics of the Book of Common Prayer, and in such of the Canons of the Church of England as affect the conduct of Minister and People in the time of Divine Service. To which may be added sundry cnstoms the use of which was probably left op tional, and. has never been entirely dis continued in the Church of England ; and the sanction for them must be, I suppose, the tacit allowance of them by all Bishops of our Reformed Branch of Christ's Church ever since the Reformation. Such customs as these which I name now are of the character that I allude to as being customary—never really obso lete, but not specifically sanctioned by our Church, viz.-—turning to the East at the saying of the Creeds, saying " Glory be to Tbee, 0 Lord !" before, and " Thanks be to Thee, O Lord, for this Thy Holy Gospel," after the Gospel is ended. Of these, the use of some may be more easily explained than the use of others, but they are all, I believe, customs which were never truly obsolete, never truly discon tinued, in the Church of England ; they were, more or less, frequently observed to a late date, and, probably, at one time universally observed. They are not es sential—everyone knows that. I never met anyone, in thirty years' experience of the ministry, who said that they were essential; but I, also, never met anyone well informed, who looked at them calmly, I without regard to party spirit, who would say that they ought to give offence to any one simply because to him they were new things. I cannot say that I have great sympathy with those who oppose every thing new in Divine Service simply be cause it is what they are not accustomed to, or not what their fathers did ;—it is not reasonable. In some cases, I find objections come from persons who cannot enter into those observances from other causes than reli gious scruples about ceremonies, and, particularly, sometimes the complaint is made to me as if the observance of them were the product of, or indicated, a sure leaning towards a kind of teaching which is really objected to. In that case, the ground of the complaint is obviously shifted—for it is not the ceremony, but that which is supposed to be symbolised by it, which is either not definable, or, if definable, would probably not be so easily condemned, that is objected to. If, then, I ordered, or desired, the discontinuance of any custom not disallowed by our Church, and yet not ordered, it was not, I hope, as an encouragement to any to think that I would discourage my Clergy from faithfully and boldly preaching (as is very necessary in our days) the Church's true doctrine of both Sacraments—of Bap tism of Infants, without any hypothetical reserve, or so-called charitable construc tion, of what either is God's power and not subject to our charity, but is the gra cious gift of His love, and is either an outward and visible sign of an inward and spiritual grace given unto us, as a means whereby we receive the same grace and a pledge to assure us thereof—as the Church teaches—or it is not, as those who have separated from the Church teach. Or, as regards the Holy Communion, that the elements convey grace to the faithful re cipients effectually. Of the Ministry of the Church, that it is Apostolical, and hath power and commandment to declare and pronounce to the people being peni tent the absolution and remission of their sins, as ministers conveying that which God alone, in His omniscience, can and will rectify. As to subordinate means of grace, teaching the people, however un popular it may he, the true teaching of the Scriptures and of the Church (for our Church's teaching is Scriptural) concern ing fasting, the right use of the Holy Scriptures, of the observance where prac ticable, publicly, of Holy Days and Sea sons, as means to an end, which have been tried by all ages of the Church, and are not one whit less useful now than they have ever been—to be used as helps to holiness of life—helps which, because they are truly Scriptural and heavenly, never will—never can—meet the approbation of the earthly-minded, but are, nevertheless, common in principle to all Christianity, and all religions having God for their author. As regards outward devotion, teaching by our ever humble, ever reve rent, demeanour, in the House of God, as well as by careful and intelligent minis trations, and earnest, hearty exhortations, that the outward sign of the bended knee in prayer can alone, as a role, be the mark now of our inward devotion of soul. I wonder, indeed, what a Latimer or a Ridley would say if either of them came into some of our Churches now, and saw the ill use some have made, and do now make, of the purity of worship which they so hardly laboured for ? They would be shocked enough;—they would not be afraid, from what they saw, of any return to the superstitions which they strove to throw off, but much more, I fancy, of that real superstition which makes as though superstition and godly reverence were the same. I have said, in another place, that the minister turning to the East at the saying of the Creeds of the Church, during Di vine Service, is an ancient and innocent custom, a relic of one of the most ancient practices of the Christian Church, by which all worshippers faced one way, and that towards the East, as well in their pri vate as in their public devotions. Vari ous reasons are assigned for the East being so chosen—some early writers assigning one, others another reason, not probably from want of one reason common to all, but because we have so few of their works, and because they might naturally vary their reasons according to their audience or the subject-matter of their discourses ; but they all bear testimony to the fact. It may, probably, have arisen from our Blessed Lord being called the East in the Septuagint. "Whatever, then, its origin, it clearly has no connection with anything distinctively Roman Catholic ; it is simply an inheritance from the Primitive Church, which joins us on to the long line of the Church from then to now. It is even a position contemplated by the Church of England for the people, for, in the 82nd Canon (of 1603-4) it is ordered that " the Ten Commandments be set up on the East end of every Church and Chapel, where the people may best see, and read, the sameand how could they best see and read them on the East wall unless they were themselves looking towards the East, as, before square pews were in vented, all in the Haves of our Churches invariably did 1 We know, also, that, in our Reformed Church, the minister also faced the same way as the people ; he knelt with his face to the East, as the head or leader ©f his flock, to God, in prayer—not as a reader, or preacher of prayers, to them ; and so long, of course, aB that order was ob served, there was no need of any change of position, except when turning to the people. In the year 1552, at the instigation of the foreign Reformers—from whose inter- I ference we may date many of our Church's troubles about rites ^ and ceremonies—the order was changed, and the minister or dered so to turn himself that he might be : best heard of the people. How, if by best heard loudest to hear was meant, no doubt facing the people was the best way, and, indeed, that construction was put upon the order, for it was complained of. To me, it seems only another instance of what extremes do. Before the Reformation—say before the i putting forth of the first Prayer Book of Edward 6th—one may say that the Priest was everybody in the Services of the Church—the language of the Service unknown to but a few, and said or sung unintelligibly to even educated people, and some of it said inaudibly altogether. The new extreme was to consider the con gregation everything, and forget in a great degree that the Priest hath liis part in the Prayers, and to put him mercilessly face to face with his flock—a position, I im agine, unknown in the purest times of Christianity. I call it a merciless position because I am convinced that the perfunc tory way in which so many read the Prayers, when the prayer desk is so placed, is a natural consequence of it. And I call it merciless to put the minister in a position where there must be such J numerous temptations to forgetfuluess of the solemnity of his duty, and his share ! iu the Prayers of the Church. The rule did not last long ; on the accession of Elizabeth the order was made as it stands now, giving to the Bishop the authority to determine the situation of the minister of the Church, and since then it has varied, but the general position in which 1 have observed ancient prayer desks to be, in ordinary Churches, is on the South side somewhere. Under those circum stances, the turning to the East at the recital of the Creed became a distinct cere mony—not Popish, not a mark of what people now speak of as Sacerdotalism (quite the reverse), a symbolical act of the unity of faith and hope between priest and people. Of this custom, Archbishop Seeker (1758-1768) says :—" Turning to the East is an ancient custom, as, indeed, most religious men have directed their worship in some particular way, and this practice being intended only to honour Christ, the Sun of righteousness, who hath risen upon us to enlighten us with that doc trine of salvation to which we then de clare our adherence, it ought not to be condemned as superstition." And an other writer of a Commentary on our.j Book of Common Prayer, in 1817, says it was then—now only 60 years ago—re tained by many of our congregations. _ I have spent, X hope not wasted, some time upon this subject, hoping to divest a simple observance of an improper import ance or signification. For myself, I have for some years abstained from observing the custom when 1 am officiating in my own diocese. When I am officiating in another diocese, I do as the minister does ; if he turns to the East, I turn ; if he does not turn to the East, I do not. I hold it to be most unseemly to set one self up in a Church and congregation in a matter really indifferent, in opposition to the expressed wish or action of the min ister, aud I think them to be pitied who do so; but, whether present as a minister or not, I have exercised that rule—one, in my opinion, that commends itself to any reasonable person. In my diocese, I neither ask obedience to nor order refrain ing from the custom. My Clergy may use their own discretion; my Lay bre thren will, I hope, remember that abso lute rigid uniformity is neither necessary nor desirable in matters indifferent. The line of lawful Ritual may be difficult some times to define, but common sense and Christian charity will often show a line where law or precedent will not, and it is not necessary that every little observance should be identical in every diocese. I have received no complaint, at any time, of the other two observances, which have reference to the Gospel for the day. They are such simple customs, and have been—at least, one of them has been—so generally observed in Churches at home, | as to be almost the rule. I The other custom, of giving thanks after the Gospel, is not so usual; but I may draw your attention to its use as giving a probable, and I only mean a probable, solution of a question sometimes asked, why there is no order given to announce the ending of the Gospel, as there is of the Epistle 7 Wheatley on this question says that "some imagine the reason of it to be be cause the Gospel is still continued, in the Creed that followeth j" but Archdeacon Sharp (on the Rubrics and Canons) says of that, somewhat satirically, that "it is the reason of those who undertake to ac count for everything." But may not the order not have been made because of the knowledge of the prevailing custom of the people saying " Thanks be unto Thee, O Lord ! for this Thy Holy Gospel," or " Thanks be unto Thee, O Lord !" ? But now we come to another branch of this subject, and a very difficult one to treat of, viz.—obedience on all our parts to the rules and directions of the Book of Common Prayer. In calling attention to this, I would deprecate at once that com mon argument that attention to these things is unworthy of the Christian or Churchman. Everyone knows and be 1 lieves that obedience to forms without [ holiness of life is of no use to us, and I really never found a person who put his trust for salvation in .outward forms and ceremonies. They who have read the lives of some of the greatest men for holiness that our Church has known since the Reformation know that they were ever punctilious in their obedience to forms, especially those ordered by the Church. He would be more than a bold man who would say that men like Bishops Andrewes, Cosin, Jeremy Taylor, Wilson, and hosts of others, were, in any evil sense, formalists. Neither is there any thing inherently likely to produce hypo crisy and self-deceit in stated forms. Anyone may be a formalist as easily with as without them j like everything else necessary to our fallen nature, they are subject to the evil of that nature. Indeed, an increased religions life in the body of the Church, a.life that is not wrapt up in self, is sure to lead to an increased attention to forms in Public Prayer. While men hold themselves iso lated, they do not appear in God's House so much for members of one body as for themselves, and I imagine that the greater attention to the directions of the Prayer Book which is risible in our days is the outcome not of any real tendency to for malism, but of the much increased sense of our bond of union in one faith, and religious worship as part of one body. We need not, my brethren, the Clergy especially, scrapie to think and speak very carefully about these matters. Many of our present troubles arise from igno rance of the Church's worship, on the part of the people; they have, fre quently, never heard anything about the matter; read nothing on it except, perhaps, what they may have seen in some journal of the day, the editor of which, perhaps, has not darkened the Church's door for years—or, worse still, from some one-sided, so-called religious newspaper. It is our duty, from time to time, to call the people's attention to the Prayer Book rules and history ; and if we really cannot, consistent with other duties, do that, at all events we -can do this :—we can recommend to them useful books on the subject, helping them very much to a proper understanding of that one oftheirgreatinheritances, the Book of Com mon Prayer. And I know no simpler and yet more attractive book—simple enough for the humblest reader, attractive by its earnestness, moderation, and piety than "The Guide to the Parish Church," by the present Lord Bishop of Carlisle, procur able from theS. P- C. K. For deeper reading, nothing can excel " The Prayer Book interleaved and it is procurable at any bookseller's in England. I can most strongly and conscientiously recommend them both to you. But, to return to the subject imme mediately in hand : I have said that I cannot help anyoue to hinder my Clergy from returning to faithful obedience to the Prayer Book; and I wish, at the same time, to put before yon, as shortly as I well can, the difficulties which I feel in the matter when such questions are brought before me. No one who has not seriously studied the subject can easily apprehend what the great difficulty is of administering a law like that of the Ru brics of the Book of Common Prayer. It is a law which has been untouched by authority for 215 years ; it is a law which has a history of its own, in all its parts, and which is intimately interwoven with doctrinal truths ; a law which has been allowed in a past age of utter careless ness and irreligion to be disobeyed in many important points. There are, also, serious difficulties in the law itself, and, although from time to time sundry indi vidual Bishops, Archdeacons, and Clergy, of the earlier part of the 18th century, did casually call attention to some of those difficulties, yet was this law for all that left "in statu quo ante" to be followed as it might be best when obe dience was studied, but to be neglected with impunity by the careless and dis orderly ; and that inheritance of careless disrespect to the law of our Prayer Book is come down to us. If one did not know what the state of the Church of England was from the reign of George 1st to nearly the reign of William 4th, one would be sur prised to find what inattention the Prayer Book's history and authority received; but one feature in that age may be usefully remembered by those who think that the administration of Divine Worship, as handed down to us from our forefathers, should be our model now—that as early as 1741, John Wesley and his few followers called _ at tention, by their strictness, to points already in their day much neglected, and afterwards still more so. 1 have not the time, nor could I reasonably ask you to listen to me while I rehearsed to you what led to the manner in which Public Worship in our Churches was car ried on at home, even in my youth. The coldness, the irreverence, the miser able formality that, looking back now, nearly forty years, I can remember ! and, even then, tilings were improving, and were very much better than they had been some twenty years before. Judging from what I have heard from them that lived in those days, and being spared to our time, have expressed, as I have often heard them express, their thankfulness to God for the great improvement they had witnessed and shared in, there must have been much in those days which, instead of making us anxious to follow, and keep up what was only established then, should make us glad to avoid it. It was the simple result of carelessness and ne glect ; it was the fruit of a time when, if the souls of our poorer brethren were moved by God's Holy Spirit to think of, and desire, better things, to yearn after holiness, they almost invariably left the | Church of their baptism to join some sect where they found consistency in the min ister, and a striving in the body for holi ness of life, and more earnest and more frequent Communion with God. If a curate in those days could be found to undertake to serve four Churches on every ■ Sunday, and be asked by his Bishop to undertake a fifth, we need not wonder that Baptisms were always ad ministered in private houses, and all that was done, even on the Lord's Day, done hastily and in slovenly fashion. We may, also, be sure that such administra tions as necessarily were to be performed on week days would not fare any better. The Burial Service, especially as said over the poor, was generally shortened, by an ingenious interpretation put upon the Rubric, which gives permission to the minister not to have the corpse brought into the Church, which was a very fre quent rule for the dead poor ; no Lesson, and no Psalm, was said. The office of Holy Matrimony was said only just so far as would make the parties man and wife in law. The hounds met on Ash Wednesday, perhaps on the Glebe near God's Rouse. The parish bounds were beaten, and boys, too, for that matter, upon Ascension Day; but the Churches were closed. Christmas Day was a day of rioting and drunkenness ; and who can forget London on Whit Monday? Those, and many more like things, were then common ; they are now almost unknown ; they have been amended, but not without opposition. Those were the days when the disregard of the Prayer Book rules was established. I do not say that it is not intelligible that men should cling to what they remember was usual in Public Worship in their young days. We are instinctively, I think, conservative of such things. But I do say that, seeing nearly everyone at home is rejoicing in the chrnge, and welcomes and praises it, we need not be suspicious of any retur^ to real obedience to the Prayer Book.* Ho one can justly ignore the manifest * p would commend to your considera tion the words of the present Archbishop of Canterbury in August, 1874, when pre siding over a meeting of the Diocesan Church Building SocietyThe ser vices of the Church, it should be remem bered, do not exist for the benefit of the Clergy only, but for the benefit of the Laity also. And we are bound by a free intercourse with those persons to consult their feelings, and to prevent any of that sort of suspicion which very often springs up; but, on the other hand, I Bay the Laity are to be on their guard against en tertaining those suspicions towards the Clergy. They may remember that many things to which, perhaps, they were accus tomed in old times, are remains of an age when great apathy prevailed, and must be prepared not only for im provements in the outward appearance of the Church, but also in the Services. I suppose there is no one of any age here but looks back with a kind of shame to the sort of sermons which were preached, the sort of clergyman that preached them, and the sort of Salmody -with which the Service was ushered in, and, remembering these, I am perfectly astonished that the whole of the attachment of the people to the Church did not evaporate. But if all improvements had been resisted we should not have been where we are now. I therefore hope that the Laity will not look with any amount of snspicion at the movements of the Clergy, but that they will give them their best consideration." improvement visible in our Churches at home in. the manner of celebrating Divine Service; it is not mere formalism, as some would say, for real holiness accom panies it, and every good work of our re ligion has either profited by it or has led up to it. What we want is, less of that party spirit which is ever watchful for an occasion of strife; more forbear ance ; more mutual working together for good of the one body; less of that talk about things being indifferent, and then magnifying them, as if they were really criminal, and deserving of great reproba tion. * Now, I do not say that our Services are perfectly conducted in our Churches ac cording to the Book of Common Prayer but I really do not think that they are! generally speaking, very far away from its rules. 15ut there is one change, in the way of obedience to the Prayer Book which I would wish particularly to com mend to your notice, and it is no point j of posture, no matter of bowing or bend I llJgthe knee—nothing that can by any de vice be called superstition, but a serious thipg—i mean the restoration of the Office of Public Baptism of Infants to its proper place in the time of Divine Ser vice. With my hearty earnest prayer to Almighty God that what I say now may be patiently read and piously considered by all members of the Church iu my dio cese, and meet with a hearty response, X wonld ask your patience while I say a few words connected with it. It 1b said by those who are well com petent to judge of such matters, that the Service for the Publick Baptism of In fants is, Liturgically, the most perfect of all the Offices to be found in our Prayer Book ; and indeed, used as it was intended to be used, it is one of those Offices that speak straight to the heart of every loving Christian. Priest and people are alike con cerned in it. We who use it so often— how can we fail to be touched with a Service which brings before us so much of the history of God's love to man in Christ, and Christ's love for children ? The Spirit shown before to us to the eye of faith in the types of Holy Baptism, the Truth manifested to ourselves in the Holy Sacrament itself. We who, day by day, mourn over our own falls, know how ourBaptismalrobe of snow-white innocence has been stained. How shall not we— how shall not all present—pray with all earnestness that the child baptized may not be as we, but may be kept in its happy state of salvation, to spend the rest of its life according to that beginning—that is, 1 say, in a state of salvation, not merely of salvability, in which so many only are ? And those who stand near, hearing the words of Christ's love to His little ones— theirs, indeed, by nature, but to be made His by Grace, and part of them all by incorporation into Christ's Holy Church how can they, how can we, be indifferent spectators of such a marvel of God's mercy ? Is not the whole Service one which is alike touching to the Saint and penitent Sinner ? While we cannot, in deed, wonder that on such an Holy Office so much has been spent, is it net a cause for great wonder that such an Office should have been allowed to be only used in the obscure light of practically private Baptism ? Or that any should demur, for themselves or the Church's children, to the time that it occupies when restored to that place and prominence in our Service which the Ancient Churchgave to it—which our branch of the Church seeks for it—and which makes tlie Parental and Sponsorial office intelligible, as showing that they, indeed, bring children to the Font, but that they are offered as candidates for spiritual grace, not so much by those in whose arms they are carried (though by them, also, if they are good and faithful men,) as by the whole society of Ssints and Believers. For they may be justly consi dered as offered by all when all are pleased with the offering, and commend them, by their holy and undivided love, to the Com munion of the Holy Ghost. "Itis the act, therefore, of the whole Mother-Church which is in the Saints—who, as she is the parent of all in common, so she is of each individually." No one can, I should think, deny that the very title of the office speaks of its intended publicity: it ceases practically to be Public Baptism when the Church is merely opened to admit a nurse and the sponsors, and, possibly, one or two more at most. The terms of the Rubric, at the be ginning of the Office, speak of itB Publi city as being most convenient—not mean ing that it may be convenient to do it privately using this office, but that doing it in Public is most convenient, agrees best with, is most consonant with, anti quity, as the former part of this Rubric set forth, and to which the word conve nient now refers. What could be the sense of directing us to admonish the people not to procure the Baptism of their children at home, in their houses, if it was not intended, as much as possible, to encourage Publicity? The order which enjoins that the water shall then—that js, when the minister comes to the Font— be put into that vessel, is surely meant as a reminder to the congregation that water is the matter to be used; while the expression in the Prayer of Consecration —"Regard, we beseech Thee, the sup plications of Thy congregation," &c.; while it joins us to the Church visible, and invisible, speaks surely of a congre gation there supposed to be present. As for the time that it occupies—and so, it is said, lengthening the Services—at all events it is a refreshment ; and now that argument has little avail, since the Litany can on such occasions be omitted, and said at Evensong; and the two Services— the Litany, and the Office of Public Bap tism—are of almost exactly the same length. I would cite to you, here, the words of the late Bishop of Exeter (said, now thirty-five years ago) " You may say (said he) that your congregations will be impatient of Buch an addition to the Morning or Evening Prayer. If they be, you cannot need a stronger proof of the need they have of special instruction on point, the nature and blessing fu Fustian Baptism. Depend upon it that they who are impatient of the per formance of that Holy Office are miserably deficient either in Christian knowledge or Christian feeling, or, too probably, in both. For, if they understand the Office they must value it as a pregnant manual ot Evangelic doctrine: they must, too, rejoice to bear their part in it as one of the most delightful of Christian privileges. For what portion of Divine Worship can delight a Christian if he be cold, if he be impatient, in witnessing the infant sons and daughters of those around him res cued from spiritual death, born again, made members of Christ, children of God, and heirs of everlasting Salvation ?" In speaking as I have of the Church Office for Holy Baptism, I desire not to he _ understood, as though I advised a rigid rule. I acknowledge that I do, myself, feel that persons who bring their children to be baptized by me in Public, as sometimes is the case, do thereby con sider my feelings, which are very strong about the impropriety of reading a Service so manifestly intended for publicity in what is, to all intents and purposes, a pri vate manner. But, while I hold Baptism done in the face of the congregation to be the true, the only true manner of using that Office of our Church, I am not un aware that a custom of neglect, even, cannot, at a stroke of my pen—cannot, without great labour and forbearance— be undone ; therefore, my counsel is that you, my brethren the Clergy, do exhort your people to bring tbeir children to be baptized in the time of Divine Service— that you take occasion to speak of it iu private, as well as in your sermons—that you move your people in that way. You may meet—I have met—we have all met—with many rebuffs : let us bear them with patience. You will also, as I well know, meet with hearty response sometimes where you least expected it. Thank God for that. The argument which resolves itself into " I won't" you cannot—no one can—an swer by reason ; but the refusal which comes- from a certain shyness may be overcome in time, if it cannot be so at once. But the custom never will be re stored as it ought to be if we never move our people to adopt it. Sermons explain ing the Service itself are useful, and they need not by any means be Liturgical Es says. The history of the Christian Church is too full of matter about Baptism to be left untouched ; and that, of itself, will brighten any sermon on it. Besides which, it is a subject that can be made most useful for practical instruction in holiness of life, as well as of truth in doc trine : the very opening words of the Ser vice—"Hath this child been already bap tized or no —which, to the ignorant or supercilious, seems to be such an idle question to ask, when, as such persons say, everyone knows that it is brought to be baptized—even that admits of being so preached upon as to interest deeply any who will be interested in their religion, I and might easily be so treated as to natu rally draw out strong lessons of holiness of life and character. • As for the argument of time, and lengthening of the Service—arguments with some of greater validity concerning Public Worship than any other entertain ment, perhaps because such people are so little entertained, and concerning which I may speak hereafter—T will say, now, 1 that the omission of the Litany iu Morn ing Prayer, which may now be said at Evening Prayer, with an ordinary reader, exactly makes up the difference of the time occupied by the introduction of the Office of Holy Baptism. The first question in the Service for Public Baptism of Infants, and the reason ; of it, open out a question which, in this dio cese, and in a country like ours, is a very serious one—I mean the question of Lay Baptism. That is a serious and import ant question—one on which I hesitate, rather (in the silence of the Church), to be a speaker; but it is frequently, and sometimes very painfully, brought before me, and I am somewhat compelled to speak of it, for it is a question, perhaps, more likely to arise in my scattered dio cese'than in some others. But I shall limit my expression of opinion to myself, and to one particular point in the ques tion, viz.—The position of Lay Baptism in cases of real necessity. My own opin ion is that Infant Baptism by a Lay per son, provided water be used in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, is valid, and that such a Baptism ought not to be repeated—but that, ex cept under honest necessity, it ought not to be done. My opinion is that the stem of the Church from which we are offshoots, or scions, does certainly discourage Lay Baptism—but she has not declared it to be invalid. I have not the least doubt that the Church of England, in the Ru bric just before the Office for Private Baptism, by the words "lawful minister," does mean a Bishop, or a Priest, or Deacon ordained hya Bishop. But then, in the failure of obtaining such a minister in sufficient time, when death is evidently impending—and such a failure may occur at home, and much more frequently here —what is to be done ? Is the child to die : unbaptized, or, rather, can it be validly baptized by one who has no proper com mission to administer a Sacrament 1 The i form of the questions which are to be put when a child Privately Baptized is brought to the Church to be received, and the absence of any question as to the person who administered the Sacrament, seem to , indicate that the Church—as I said before , —does not desire to deny the validity of j a Baptism properly qua form and matter administered by anyone; and, in all ages of the Church of Christ, Lay Baptism has, when administered under necessity, been accepted as valid. If a child, being very young, is in danger of death, let it be baptized by anyone ;—if it dies, and is brought to any j of us to bury, we ought to read the Burial Service over it. If it survives, it should j be brought to the Church, to be received ; and, unless any real doubt exists as to the matter or form used—either, or both— let it not be hypothetically baptized. Let those who live at any great distance from any Priest or Deacon of our Church in my diocese, and need their children to be baptized, communicate their state to some members of our Church who will com municate their need to me; and I will see that this their desire is duly met, and cases of Lay Baptism, or children dying unregenerate, need scarcely, even in this diocese, ever happen, except under cir cumstances which no forethought of ours can provide against. I have spoken of observances allowed by our Church, butt not ordered, and of one remarkable order not observed as it ougbt to be observed. I would now pass to observances in the Services of our Church such as have no authority in Rubrics or Canons, and really cannot be said to have been sanc tioned by our Church since the last Re view of the Prayer Book, in 1662. I have, really, but one course to pursue in regard to these—I cannot allow them. It is not my place to determine the appro priateness of such ceremonies, or their value, and then, on my own estimate of them, permit or forbid them. It may be a question whether more ceremonies might not be permissive, but I—what ever my opinion may be of that, much less any priest of the Church—have no right to introduce any such ceremony. There is surely a vast difference, for in stance, between this description which I will now read to you of the manner of celebrating the Holy Communion in a Church of England (one, I fancy, of a very few), and anything which is truly a return to obedience to the Book of Common Prayer, or the revival of a well-known, innocent, and never obso lete custom of the Church. Here is the description :—" The Service was pre ceded by a procession, moving from the Vestry to the Communion Table, upon which, or the ledge immediately above •which, candles had just been lighted. That procession consisted of boys in cas socks, carrying incense, lighted candles, and a -crucifix on a pole, and was at tended by a priest in an alb,-girdle, amice, stole, and chasuble, with a cap called a ' biretta' on his head. Having arrived at, the Communion Table, the Service proceeded. The different vessels were censed, the biretta was taken off the head and laid (with ceremony) on the table, water was mixed with the wine; the Prayer of Consecration was said, with the back of the celebrant turned to the people; the celebrant knelt at certain parts of it, and afterwards elevated the Sacred Elements above his head. He made a sign of the Cross in the air, to wards the congregation ; the Agnus Dei was sung ; the great bell of the Church was tolled; two • boys held up lighted candles, high in the air, then retired, and the Holy Communion was then received, either by the celebrant alone, or by himself and . one other." Does anyone really believe that such a manner of celebrating the Holy Com munion was contemplated by the Revisers of our Book of Common Prayer, in 16G2 ? for it is with that book only that we have to do—and, except as illustrative, or explanatory, of what is obscnre in our present Book, neither parties in the Church have any right to refer for sanc tion to any other. It might be wise, in the whole body of the Church, to consider very carefully, and in a wise spirit of toleration, whether—as I said before— more ceremonial than we at present pos sess might not be made, under certain conditions permissive, though it is ob vious that there are dangers in that course. But, while we are what we are, or the Prayer Book is what it is, to threaten separation if one is not permitted to persist in such observances does, indeed, seem to me little else but the spirit of Schism. I am thankful to be able to say that, in the only case in which I have been properly appealed to in such mat ters—certainly of small account compared with that which I have described to you—I met with a prompt and willing obedience to my directions. But novel ties are not always in one direction: our generation has witnessed a very great novelty, in the shape of the introduction of Evening, or, rather, Night Commun ions It was in the evening that the Holy Eucharist was instituted—not between 8 and 9 p.m. ;—this has no more sanction than many other things complained of. If founded on our Lord's example, it stands on the same footing as the mixed Chalice, if it is permissible, because omis sion is not to be counted for prohibition in the Prayer Book ; it is the argument of the Ritualists, which will cover any thing. Now, I do not say that, because the Church has for so many centuries dis continued Night or Evening Communions, therefore they may never be restored; but I think that we have no power to adopt them until the whole of the Church distinctly authorises them. In such cases as, I understand, the Church of Ireland to contemplate—and such cases are very likely to call for per mission in this country—I mean where the nature of the change is such that there is a great difficulty in providing oppor tunities for receiving the Holy Commu nion—to those I should agree. To the other kind of case, I should not agree, be cause not necessary, and because they are a celebration of the most holy Office of the Church, which requires our most re verent, earnest attention, and devout ap plication of our souls, at an hoar at which, it is well known, we are, from our very nature, more subject to excitement than the usual hour. Another innovation in the manner of performing Divine Service in Public is the instructing the congregation to repeat the General Thanksgiving, either with or after the minister. There is no real authority for this, which iB, I am per suaded, a modern novelty. The history of the Prayer—for it is a Prayer, as well as a Thansgiving Supplicatory, as well as Eucharistic, is this :—That it was com posed by Bishop Reynolds, and added to the Prayer Book in the year1662. Thus, it was quite new in bur Offices at a time when the Rubrics were being revised. Now, is it probable that, if the saying of this was to be {lone differently, in the con gregation, from other prayers, there would have been no directions to that purpose ? Certainly not. It is not probable that there would be no directions, supposing that it might be intended, and was left to be understood—not a very probable thing where a novelty was being inserted—but, supposing that to have been the case, or to be alleged by analogy, we should ex pect to find some general, long-estab lished, use of it. But do we find any such use ? I can answer for England. Though circumstances caused me to be in many different Churches in one part of my life, I never heard it done until about two years before I came to this colony; and, though I do not, of course, date its origin thence, I think we may fairly infer the rarity of the custom. We may say, therefore, that the observance is strictly an innovation, and, as far as my diocese is concerned, I desire that it may not be introduced. I judge it to be very modern, also, because none of the commentators on the Book of Common Prayer notices the custom. A few more words, and I will leave this subject. When doubts upon any subject connected with the understanding of the Rubrics arise, the Book of Common Prayer refers those that doubt to the Bishop of the diocese, for bis decision, and, if he doubts—not if the appellants doubt his descision—but, if he doubts, he may appeal to the Archbishop, who, in our case, is represented by our Primate, the Bishop of Sydney. At present, that is the only real appeal, but obviously it is of little use to create peace if either of the parties desires nothing but a judg ment on his side, in his favour. Nor, if my request aB a Bishop in my own dio cese in matters indifferent, where a Rubric is indistinct, or defective, are set at nought, do I see why such persons as do so sometimes, appeal to me against their clergyman. The real difficulty is that, while we are not by any means in the state of discipline that we know existed in the early Christian Church, we are in their position in the matter of the support of our ministry, and, because of the ab sence of any real discipline in onr body, we are in greater danger of becoming out wardly and visibly Episcopalian than in wardly and spiritually, and, therefore, more really, now, Congregational than Presby terian. Mixed Synods of Clergy and Laity without discipline may, quicker than we apprehend, perhaps, land us on a shore where Episcopacy will only exist as a mere function, perhapB cease to be alto gether. As regards questions of Ritual, I can only say that, God being my helper, when 1 am appealed to I shall ever strive to give a true judgment upon the principles which I have laid down, and when, through circumstances of our Church's history, those principles are not capable of perfect application, or of no power, I must give my judgment as seems to ma best for both Laity and Clergy. The rules referred to by me are those which j I made, as a rule to myself, many years j ago—ever since I began to see how easily we pass from liberty to license in such ' matters. The other point to which I would draw your attention in reference to these mat ters is that these difficulties of interpre tation—these diversities of practice—if a rigid uniformity is sought, can only be harmonised by a careful revision of our Rubrics and Canons. Such, a revision has been made by the Lower House of Convocation in England, and I wish that their report were accessible just now. Should the changes and improvements suggested in their report be adopted at home, I hope they would be adopted here, with a good heart; and being adopted I would pray that we, here,-may never know a time such as the Church at home knew when these things, and those of which they are the outward expression, were so grievously neglected that one wonders anything was left—that any faithful remained under the shadow of the Church's wings. The next subject which I would speak of is the alteration and amendment of the Canon for Presentation to Vacant Cures, passed in the Second Session of the first Synod of this Diocese. It was not until last year that any occasion arose upon whieh that Canon could be brought into operation, and on that occasion a difficulty arose at the very first —a difficulty which must either be reme died or pronounced to be no* difficulty, but the intention of the Canon. I con sider it to be a flaw, and necessary to be remedied. Ho provision has been made m the Canon for the event of an equal division of the members of the Parochial . of Presentation on the Bishop's nomination. The question was put to me before the Board retired to consider my nomination. I was unwilling then on the eve of a matter of so much import ance, to affirm the principle that the Chairman should have a casting vote, and the result being—certainly much to my surprise—an equality of votes, no decision whatever could be made ;—all became void. It has been thought that, under Clause « °/lithe , Presentation Canon, the office of Parochial Representatives ceases when a new appointment is, or could be, made under the provisions of this Canon tor the 11th clause says that they shall continue m office until such time as, and no longer than, a new appointment may be made, under the provisions of this Canon. But the meaning of the clause is—Their office shall terminate at a certamtime; and it was framed to meet a difficulty, viz.—that a vacancy mi^ht occur in a cure in the three months after the election of Lay Representatives to a new Synod, during which time, if the rarochml Representatives ceased to hold office, on the summoning of a new Synod a parish might be without Representa tives, and so the nomination lapse to me. it is the use of the word "appointment" which is ambiguous, as it might mean appointment'to cure: that is the cause of this interpretation. The word should be changed, and the clause might be re cast, as somewhat awkward in its form of wording. I am able to say, as one who took some pains to re-cast the model from which our Canon was made, that what I ,ne(i was the intention with which that clause was framed. do n°t think that we need re consider the principles of this Canon. I tbat>if 1 could Persuade myself that an election by the people of a person to be a minister over themselves was good for them, or good for him, if I could persuade myself that it was Scrip u' Ish,ou!d be ^PPier. Does anyone realty think that a Bishop would covet the position of being a nominator ? Had he the sole power, it were different, and, in some cases, perhaps, a better thing, and might be desired; but, among the many Wor ries of a diocese, the responsibility of se lecting a clergyman to be nominated for any vacant cure is not one to be sought in a country where so many set them selves up for Judges of Israel. But popular elections of Clergy gene rally result in something which—though it may be caxled popular, is really no such thing the person chosen being, more often than not, the friend, or chosen can didate, of someone in a congregation who may be the most active in the matter, or who may, m some other way, perhaps by a kind of money power, be able to in fluence the greatest number—or it may be the result of party work and party or ganisation. Whether the People of the Parish should have a voice in the choice of their minister is another point. It is certainly not necessary to the existence of a volun tary religious body, for the Wesleyan preachers are not appointed with any concurrent voice of the people. But we have pronounced for the principle that the People should have a voice in this matter—under certain conditions—but that the chief part shall be given to the Bishop. This, under ordinary circum stances, in our diocese, would, I am convinced work well, both for the Laity and the Clergy : the Laity of a Parish not being nominators—for that is cer tainly intended—but having a voice in thematter, with the diocese at large. I would say a little, however—really ne cessary—as to how this Canon should be carried out. it; mos,fc improper, and certainly to lead to unpleasantness, for anyone, unasked, to write to me, in reference to this Canon, recommending any clergyman to me as a pers0n to whom I cannot ob ject. Bow does anyone know what my feelings are upon any given appointment riS T iS® Tdu -? 14 mi8ht b° ^ue that I could not object to the person so named to me in some respects—especially in those that might be in the mind of the person so recommending. Perhaps, I might have no objection in a great many respects; and, yet, I might not think him the fittest man for the vacant cure. My intercourse with my Clergy is much more intimate than that of some of my Cleigy is with their own body. I have not to consider, in the appointment or nomination to a cure, my own personal liking, in the greatest instance—scarcely at all—never, certainly, so much as the simple question—Who £b, really, the best man for the place ? That is what I have I —and may I not, also, say what the Board of Presentation has 1—to consider. I I have not to consider who is most likely i to be popular, but who, when he dies, or j leaves, or resigns kis cure, may be able, as far as I can see by his former labours, to say to himself, with a true conscience, I I have done what I could; I have j striven, by my own example, and by my household's, and by precept, to raise the standard of holiness in the parish which I .*®"~Pleas® the people, at ^BaCrjfCe ^Wthing necessary to be j",™:do??> bufc t(> raise them in the standard of holmess, in pure religions life to make them, God being my helper better—aye, better, than myself." '< As regards the doctrinal views of a person .nominated by me, I do not see bow, if the clergyman so nominated by me is rejected on that account—I do not see bow to avoid the conclusion that I must make-—that a judgment is passed upon me if a clergyman comes out of my own diocese, for he will then have been acting, perhaps for years, with my consent, and unobjected to. Does anyone really think that I, or any Bishop of the Church, deals with his people on this kind of principle, that preaching which is false and injurious may be tolerated, provided it is only not set forth in a large parish? No. If anyone has taught anything on any subject beyond those limits of variety of opinion permitted by the Church of England, he never will be nominated by me to any Board of Presentation, to any cure. But I have no tests, no subscrip tions, to bind anyone to before I nomi nate, except what the Church provides. N o clergyman in my diocese, 1 say, will be permitted, with my knowledge, to teach anything as necessary to salvation not clearly deducible from Holy Scrip ture—and, if it be a question what the Scripture means, jireachers must abide by the Church's rule, which I will give in a ' note. When such a case has arisen as that j the doctrine of a clergyman in my dio cese has been impugned, I have required explanation, and received it—and, find ing the meaning attributed not to be the meaning of the preacher, I could not con demn. It is gross injustice, and contrary to a cardinal rule of controversy, that anyone should fix his own meaning upon another person's words, after that mean ing has been denied. No public man is safe from most injurious libel who has not pecuniary means with which to de fend himself, if that be permitted. Words and sentences may be used which are open to misconstruction. It is much to be regretted that neither Priest nor Layman is always safe from error. I regret that any clergyman, or I, should ever do so ;—but want of judgment is not a crime, and, if it is to be so treated, and no years of greater care can make amends for an error committed in the Church, there is no difficulty in seeing that what is difficult now—I mean, to obtain Clergy of high education to serve our Cures for the poor remunera tion which they receive in this diocese will be, simply, impossible. And the same will surely follow—it has followed in one diocese—if any new Test of fidelity to the Church is formed, whe ther it be openly enforced or only prac tically used by the power of any partv in the Church. And—returning to what I was speak ing of before :—As it is improper to write to me, so as practically to nominate to me, and certainly to try to interfere with my judgment—I bold it to be no less im proper for anyone to recommend any one to the Board of Presentation first, and then to me, or to the Parochial Representatives, singly or as a body, so _ fact, to endeavour to influence their judgment, and prevent—as it must almost necessarily do—an unbiassed con sideration of my nomination. No one ought to interfere, whatever the tempt ation may be, between the Board of Pre sentation and me : they are elected as Representatives : the time for determin ing their action is passed when they are elected once. Again I must request that no clergy man will write to me asking me to nomi nate him to the Board of Presentation to any Parish, and I would add that that being done to me, or coining to my rea sonable knowledge as being done to in fluence the Board of Presentation to a Parish would be a serious impediment to my ever nominating a person so acting to a then, or any afterwards, vacant Cure. If such things are to be done— and if, as I say, they may, and feel certain, myself, that they will, influence the Board of Presentation according to the value which they may put, rightly or wrongly, on the person's judgment who so interferes—it seems to me that, for simple honesty's sake, the rule that makes me nominator should be done away with. And I need not say how many heartburnings, evil surinisings, un kind speeches, uncharitable judgments will be saved by adopting the independ ent course I have suggested in carrying out a Canon which gives the nomination of a clergyman to the Bishop. The really best course to pursue will I think, be at our meeting, after adjourn ment this day, to move the Suspension of the Standing Orders, so far as is ne cessary to appoint a Select Committee to prepare an amended Canon, and to pre sent their report to the Synod at to-mor row morning's sitting. It appears to me necessary that there should be a casting vote given to some one by this Canon. And that, besides, the non-appearance of any, or all the' Parochial Representatives, after due no tice, should not be permitted to hinder an election. If this be not done, con sidering the difficulty and expense to the Diocesan Representatives in coming to such meetings, it is in the power of" the Parochial Representatives .to frustrate any election, and thus to put me, also, to very serious inconvenience, unless I have a Cure vacant, after I have, per haps, informed the parties that I can fill it. If the Parochial Representatives de cline to come because one of their body cannot come, I must be compelled to alter all my diocesan arrangements. It had been my intention to enter at some length upon a question which re fers to the Building of Churches and Parsonages in this diocese; but I can not, I feel, detain you to hear much. It is so continually put before me that it is j so expensive to employ an Architect on ' these works that, considering the difficulty ] of finding the necessary funds, I am often 1 almost persuaded to let the matter go un- ' answered. But I am so thoroughly con vinced that the employment of an Archi tect, and giving him his proper power, is the best and cheapest policy, that it is only under peculiar circumstances that I personally shall help any work which requires such assistance, in my opinion and has not sought it. 3 If anyone asks, "Who is an Archi tect ?" all I can answer, in the present very unsatisfactojy "status" of that profession, is that, at all events, he has no title to be deemed an Achitect who is a Contractor, or who works in the work he produces with paid men under him. I by no means think that my de finition is perfect. I only would advise people not to misunderstand, and reckon every Builder and Carpenter to be an Architect; nor ought such persons to travel beyond their province. With the help of a T square, and a pair of com passes, little boys produce wonderful goo metrical figures; these produce plans for houses, or churches. With such persons —and most amateurs—the idea of plan ning a house is dividing a square or an oblong superficies into smaller squares and longer oblongs—the one for rooms the other for passages—doors in the middle of every room, fireplaces opposite doors for the comfort of draught, and windows all round—as if their object was not to let light in, but to let it out, like a lantern ; and, as for a Church, it does not surpass their powers at all: it is less difficult than a house: all that is needed is a parallelogram, and to cut up the walls into equal parts by buttresses. When, however, a Church has to be built, the point to consider is not show, but fitness and goodness. Cheap build ing means treachery and jerry-work, sand for lime, large joints, unbacked bricks, empty crevices, and the consequences— settlement, cracks, disfigurements, plas ter palliations, and, after all, ruin, with perpetual payment for repairs. Only recently, I was consulted about a Church to be built to hold 150 persons ; its cost was not to exceed £500, and it was to be built so that a tower and spire might be added hereafter. Since then, a premium lias been offered for the best de sign, and it will be a model, indeed, if it accomplishes anything, in brick or stone, which is stable and good, for twice £500. Depend upon it that a good, well-built, wooden Church, properly furnished (and not made too like a Noah's Ark, of Gothic pattern), with seats for sitting and kneel ings for kneeling, is infinitely better, in every way, than a building with walls four and a half inches thick, with a scamped foundation — which, though it may be showy, is only temporary (be cause it is trumpery), and will fall before it is pulled down. A proposal by Mr. C. Legb to form a Society having special reference to the Spiritual wants of the diocese will be brought before you. It has not been without the consideration of the Diocesan Council, but, being dependent somewhat on the replies of the different districts to sundry enquiries, it could not be defi nitely decided upon. A vacancy in the Diocesan Council, created by the return of the Rev. J. Spencer to England—whose services as Secretary of the DioceBan Council are not unnoticed in our Report to the Synod, nor now without my thanks, as well— will require us to elect a new Clerical member. The diocese itself is slowly advancing ; much Spiritual work is being done. Should it not appear on the surface, it is not the less truly done. Foundations take care, and, though slowly laid, may be surely built. If it please God to spare me to be Bishop of this diocese to the en try, or near it, of the eleventh year of my Episcopate, I shall provide a statement of what has been done ; from which I hope to show that, in spite of great difficulties in its way, this diocese is not really be hind any other of equal age and equal wealth, but rather before some—especially considering that, in its infancy, it has not been nursed, as some others have, by a stepmother, or the Mother Church at home. I have with regret to mention that the very serious illness of the Curate of Port Macquarie has required me to give him long leave of absence from his cure. He has serVed in the priesthood long, with pious diligence and care, and it has pleased God in His mercy to lay him aside, at least for a while. I heartily commend him to your prayers. The Rev. W. F. H. Walker is also prevented by serious bodily affliction from continuing in any arduous cure. Owing to the serious illness of the Rev. Mr. Spencer in the spring of last year, he was compelled to leave for England ear lier than I had contemplated, and I have been left in sole charge of .the district of Armidale, now, happily, reduced by the cutting off of Uralla since nearly February 1st. I am not prepared to continue in that office unassisted much longer. I cannot do it consistent with the other claims upon my service, particularly in the first instance the Eastern parts of my diocese, and afterwards the Western parts. Churches have been opened during the last twelve months at Bundarra and Bar raba, and the last is paid for exclusive of furniture—an example of what may be done in a poor district by unity of action and heartiness of purpose. The opening Services at both theBe places were most gratifying, and I hope to be able to re port at another Session that a new dis trict, comprising Bingera and Barraba, has been permanently formed out of that once extensive diocese euphemistically then called the Parish of Bundarra. A good Parsonage House has been com pleted at Narrabri, and is in occupation. The new Church at Tamworth is shortly to be begun, which I hope may also be said of another such work at Grafton. The Bill applied for by the Bishop of Bathurst and myself, for the purpose of the tranfer of Trust lands to me and him respectively, from the dioceses of New castle and Sydney, has passed the Lower House, and will, I trust, shortly be car ried through the Upper House. I had wished to speak to you on the subject of a Church of England Tem perance Society, but my remarks have, already run out to such a length that I cannot hope to do much more than men tion the matter. It appears to me that we ought to make some effort here to stem that evil which ruins so many minds, devastates so many consciences, and robs homes of nearly, if not of every sanc tifying influence. I cannot say that I think that we are bound to total absti nence, because that is the prime remedy for the habitual drunkard. Our doing so will not make him do so if his own con science, and the inferior influence of the natural love of life, will not do it. Other plans, striking not at the individual, but at^ the whole of society, require consider ation. But I must leave it here. Only let us not forget it. With these remarks, I will close my address to you, beseeching God of His great mercy to grant to us all the light of His Spirit, that we may hold the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace. It was then moved by Mr. C. Leg "That the Synod do now adjourn 3 p.m." Seconded by the Rev. A. E. Brown,; carried. The Synod re-assembled at 3 p.m. Moved by Mr. C. R. Blaxland—"T the Synod hereby desires to thank Right Rev. the President for his com{ hensive and carefully-prepared Addri and requests that he will permit it to printed and published with the repori the proceedings of the Session of Syno Seconded by Mr. G. P. Morse, and < ried nem. con. The President, after thanking Synod, said that he trusted that x of his remarks would be misunderstt Of course, all persons were liable to j representation, but he wished it to understood that he had no desire force any changes on the laity; he only expressed what his own wii were, and he believed that, if any x ter were put before the public of the < cese calmly, kindly, considerately, with good reasons for it, there would not be much trouble in getting anything done. The Rev. J. H. Johnson took his place in the Synod. Proposed by the Rev. J. F. R. Whin field—"That a Select Committee, of not less than six members of the Synod, be appointed by ballot—three clerical and three lay members—to consider the Presentation Canon of 1874, and to re port to the Synod to-morrow." Seconded by Mr. R. I. Perrott, and carried. A ballot was taken, which resulted in the election of the following members to form a Sub Committee :—The Bishop, the Revs. J. F. R. Whinfield andC. C. Green way. Messrs. C. Legh, A. J. Maister, and C. R. Blaxlaud. Proposed by the Rev. C. G. Robinson —" That the Synod do now adjourn till 9.30 to-morrow morning." Seconded by the Rev. F. Spooner, and carried. Rote.—After the Synod Roll had been called, the President announced that Messrs. P. G. Ring and E. C. Batt had resigned; and that the Revs. A. E. Spooner and F. R. Kemp, and Messrs. C. D. Fenwick and A. H. Belfield, were absent from illness. (Continued on page A.) 