CJje Wallaroo ®iweg. WAliIiAROO, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 167; Isr our last issue we referred at some length to the treatment the Parliament Buildings Bill had received at the hands of the Legislative Council who, as our readers are aware, practically rejected it one day, rescinded'that resolution the n Tt. and formally carried the Bill through its second reading. We then exp eased our entire approval at the fact that, after all, the efforts of the Go vernment were not to be frustrated ai, the eleventh hour by those very members for whom the present Government has worked. -And there can be no doubt that ' the course the Legislative Council have now, adopted is that to which they should originally, have, had recourse. At the same time the inconsistency that is in volved in their whole procedure is, it seems to us,deservingof more notice than it has yet received either at the: hands of the Press or the Public. And.the hastj Ziess of the whole affair is scarcely com patible with that' dignify by which the work of legislation should be character ized. « Whilst we have no desire to tres pass upon our readers' good nature by referring agaia at length to the questions at i^sue, it is necessary in j ustification of our strictures to touch briefly upon one or two points. When the Bill was brought up on the first occasion, a very exhaustive debate took place. Nearly all the membera of the Council, excepted of course Sir Henry Ayers and the fiouole or so of members who still retain - their allegiance to him, acknowledged in set levins theconeiliafcory spirit which had prompted the members of the Govern ment in the other House to. act in this matter as they had done. Nearly, all ad mitted that all they had been contending for throughout the difficulty which was suddenly .terminated, by Sir Henry Ayer's displacement from office, was . that they should be consulted. Sir Henry Ayer's bad grievously offended in this respect, and it * was to .gain what " they veryproperly considered their just right to have an opportunity of discussing the whale question on its merits—that they stood out. This opportunity they ad mitted had been afforded to them by the action of theBoueaut Government, and they did not fiiil to acknowledge their e^nse of the step. That of course merely placed them in the position they ought tj have been put Tn originally. Many had objections to the Bill on various grounds which Fere discussed fully, and %hen the matter vras pressed to a divi sion, they by their vote, wnjcn we can not presume to have been given hastily or without due deliberation, adopted that course which they were thoroughly well aware would seriously embarrass the position of the Government in the Lower House. In thus acting they did not in j any way exceed the limits of their powers,. however ungrateful or inconsiderate their decision may have been. On this how ever we do not propose to dwell again. "When, however, we learned,-by telegraph that the resolution had been rescinded and the second reading of the Bill passed, the natural inference was that some mistake Ixad been perpetrated. It w&« possible that vbtes had been given under some misconception, which would return such a harking back not only justifiable tmt commendable. The result itself viewed apart from other considerations, was of course highly satisfactory to all who, with us, have approved of the action of the jiew G-overiimenfc in. this matter. . But great as was our surprise when we first learned that the Bill had been rejected by the Council^ it was far greater when the report reached us of the debate Upon which it was resolved to fescind the first resolution and pass the Bill. And these feelings we feel assured will be shared in by all who read the . debate. Not in the opening speech of the Chief-Secretary nor in those of the honorable members who followed him is there tobe found a scintilla of reason, a shadow of excuse, or the ghost of a reason for thus cancell ing the vote of the previous day. Abso lutely the only reason giyen is that the resolution it was thfen proposed to rescind was one which would prove highly embar rasssingto the Grovemment. Now if this had been put forward then for the first time, some excuse might have been made for those members who desired to retrace their steps. But as a matter of fact it had been dwelt upon and alluded to time without number iu coarse ♦ of the debate which resulted in the re fection of .the. Bill. And if we are to •regard a deliberate vote as any criterion of an honorable member's conscientious opinion, we must take tlie votes given on that occasion to mean that .whilst the Council was fully alive to the praisewor thiness of the action of the Government; j whilst it was welt aware of the inconveni- | ence it would occasion, there were objec- j turns to the Bill itself which could not be- over-looked by any other consider ations. This, if votes and speeches mean anything at all, is . the meaning of that debate and the division which took place on it. The Council therefore places itself in one of two positions: either that on the first occasion (it voted against its avowed conviction, or that on the second occas tin it retracted a deliberate vote simply on account of influence subse quently brought to bear. Between these two eyil§ it is not for us to make a choice. That task we leave to those more directly interested. But we cannot allow legislation of this description to pass without protest. If it is to be allowed to creep in unchallenged, our halls of debate will very speedily descend to the lowest levels, and must infallibly lose the res pect of the people. The privilege of res cinding a deliberate vote is not one that can be lightly used,-nor should it be re sorted to without the gravest considera tion, and the best of reasons. In this instance there does- not appear to have been either the" one or the other, and we can only regret that- the Legislative Council of South Australia has^done that which not only exposes it to a loss of dignity in this colony, but will lay it open to almost the worse charge that can be brought against a deliberative body' in the eyes of the other colonies with whose Parliaments our own has so fre quently been compared in favorable terms. Ws cannot compliment .the Government upon tlieir liberality towards the Wallaroo Hospital. We have times without number referred to the inadequacy both of the ac commodation afforded, and the insufficiency of furniture, fittings, and other things too numerous to mention. And wehad hoped wben we learned . that provision was to be made in the Supplementary Estimates that the amount allowed would be -sufficient .to cover all .requirements. ' We find however that the meagre sum of £500 has been set down This is not intended for additions to the Hospital but merely for contingencies,' euch as medicines, medical comforts, provisions, lights, bedding, funerals and sundries. It will cover the cost of a few of the fittings that are so much required, but it will still leave many, and absolutely no: provision is made for extra accommodation. We are quite aware that at tbis moment it is inad | visable for the Govornmeut to swell the list : of such expenses, and were the want of a nature that could stand over, it would no -doubt be desirable to postpone attending to it. But as we have frequently shown both in onr.leading columns and in the returns we have published from time to time, the average number of indoor patients at the Hospital has for months past invariably exceeded the number for whicb accommodation is provided; and from tli6 Mtnrns for the month of Nov., which will. be. found in our news .columns, it will be seen that there are now twenty-three indoor patients,. in. other words seven more thai) the Hospital has accommodation for. During the first month or two of its existence as a General Hospital, the number of patients was not large, JSut this offered no criterion. On referring: to the returns we find that with the exception of tfae«e first few months the Hospital has always sheltered a larger number of patients than accommodation is provided i'gr. On one occasion the authorities were uadef the unpleasant necessity of turning a -patient tt$m the doors, knowing that they could not i&jaHbe; alike to him and the other patients grmt fcfiu admittance. This, it will be admitted, is nop g state of affairs which reflects credit upo#., {be Govern ment. And in minor points ifc} Hos- < pita] is a^iwiiy badly off. The .opera ting room is imperfectly lighted, the store rooms are nob jjeopetty fitted, and the dispen sary is a ridieuionsly small ploset. Then, and this canhardly be Lootedvpogas $ minor point, there is no Fever Ward, and «. <&urse;'s room, naturally not a rery spacious aparttypqt feas to be appropriated to this purpose wbeij oeeaeion requires. Whilst it is desirable to keep expenses down, it is clear that the par simony whieh ig manifested in relation to the Hospital is but 3. sorry specimen of economy. If it were sgrried out in its entirety it would be found cheaper not to keep up the Hospital at all, and & ssygnije might even he made out of it by renting the bouse. We trust, however, that when this item comes before the Souse, a better spirit will be manifested. We may venture to sug gest that it is a matter in wbicli our members are in duty bound to, and we have no doubt will, bring all their influence to bear to have this state of affairs remedied. We are now in the beat of summer, and it is possible that the Hospital will be put into even greater re quisition than before, as it has trained for itself a good name throughout the Peninsula. How long it will retain it, if matters are not altered, is another question. Without look ing at things from an'alarmist point of view, it is within the limits of possibility that the typhoid fever which we regret to say, lias made its appearance at the Moonta Mines, may spread. And then the Hospital as at present situated, will be unable to accommo date such patients. Two shocks of an earthquake were felt at Mait- land at about 1.30 a.m. on Saturday last. A thunder storm accompanied with fierce lighning was raging at the same time. An entertainment will be given to day in the Yorke Valley Hotel, Maitland, by the members of Miss Renfrew's school, accompanied by several local amateurs who have kindly consented to assist. On Saturday last, December 1, Mr Cameron, who has been appointed to act as Deputy Govern ment storekeeper at Wallaroo, arrived by tho mail from Adelaide. Mr Cameron has commenced his duties by taking ovc-r charge of the railway material now being landed from the West York. The report of the Select Committee appointed to euquire into the Wallaroo and Kadina Hailway question, is to be brought np in the House of Assembly to-day. We trust that, whatever reso lution the House may arrive at, the urgent neces sity there exists for expedition in this matter will not be lost of. The returns of the Wallaroo Hospital for the month of November have been courteously af forded to us by the authorities. During the month four patients were admitted, four were discharged and one died. There arc now in the Hospital twenty-three patients, and the number of ont-door patients is forty- one. The farmers in the southern portion of Yorke1 s Peninsula are now commencing reaping, and look forward to a very good harvest, some expecting to reap over twenty bushels to the acre. There are now 30t000 acres under crop in the J£ilkerran and Maitland districts so that calculating the yield'at the low estimate of ten bushels, the total will amount to over 300,000 bushels. Amongst* the passengers who arrived in Port Adelaide from London by the St. Vincent on Saturday last we notice the name of Mr J. B. Shepherdson, the Stipendiary Magistrate ot this; district. We understand that Mr Shepherdson purposes to pay a visit to the neighboring colonies before resuming the duties of his office, as his fur longh does not expire for two months jet. A concert will take place this evening at the Institute Hall, Wallaroo, in aid of St. Mary's Parsonage. The programme, which appears in aaother column, is a well selected one and should attract a large audience. A special 'bus will be laid on to Kadina after the concert. I We regret to learn that in consequence of the i curtailment of operations at the Moonta Mines, 40 more men were thrown oat of employ on Saturday last. The matter is beginning to assume serious proportions, and it is to be hoped that the Government will take early steps remedy the state of affairs. The Union is acting in the mat ter, and a public meeting is to be held at Sail's Shaft at 6 o'clock this evening to consider the position of affairs. There are now no less than four English ves sels on the water for Wallaroo, bringing railway materiae. Of these, three, the Lurlie, the John Patterson, and the Andes have been down on the shipping lists for some time. The fourth, we learn from the JEuropean Haul, is the Dilawur which sailed from Middlesborongh on October 8. A severe thunderstorm passed over Wallaroo at about 3 o'clock on Saturday morning last. For some time before it came close ths view in the Bay was very grand, the constant flashes of vivid lightning illaninating the whole of the Bay for minutes together, whilst the thunder muttered sullenly in the distance. The storm appeared to come up from the North East, and passed over the town very suddenly. It lasted for some time, and after it had subsided a strong wind arose which blew until morning. Little or no zain fell. We learn from the Border Watch that Andrew Hawkes, late of Wallaroo, was brought before the Stipendiary Magistrate on November 26 at the Mount Gambier Police Court on the charge of having fraudulently taken and converted to his own nee, two .horses, one heavy dray, and harness, the property of Mr IT. Michell of Moonta, of which property he was at the time bailee. The . 'information was dismissed in the absence of evidence. The Carandini'a concert at Kadina on Satur day night was largely attended as the one on the previous evening, aud- Madame and Miss Crrandini's singing as well as Mr Forrester's impersonationsand Signor Or tor i's violin solos were applauded to the epho. The. Company appeared at Moonta on Monday last, and met with an squally enthusiastic reception there, the audience being as large and appreciative as at Kadina. Signor Ortori's wonderful skill is considered as beyond all praise, and the other members of the Company have found high favor with tha resi dents of Moonta. On Friday and Saturday they j will appear on the boards ot Wallaroo, and wil] find a hearty wslcome here. On Sunday morning, Deeember 2, the Rev. H. H. Gaud, of Sydney, Missionary Deputation, preached in the Wesleyan Church, Moonta MineB, to a large and appreciative congregation. In the evening the rev. gentleman preached in the Wesleyan Church, Kadina: On Monday, Mr Gaud addressed a large meeting at the Wallaroo Mwes, which was presided over by Captain Anthony. &sst; night Mr Gaud delivered an address in the Wesleyan Church, Wallaroo. Mr Thomas Davies, J.P., being in the chair. The attendance wae remarkably good, and during the evening the choir sang some hymns in a yery pl3f).8ifljj manner. We learn that Mr Gaud's efforts in aid of the Wesleyan Foreign Mission have, on the whole, been well responded to. Accidents would appear to have been plentiful at Maitland during the past week or eo. On Saturday, November 24, a young man named derick Cliff, in Mr H. Lamshed's employ, was standing iij a waggon pitching hay up to a stack, when the horses moved on, and as Cliff jumped down to hfop tliem they swerred and jammed him 1 in between tfro trees. Immediate assistance was rendered, and when Cliff /was extricated it wag found that lie had received several scalp wounds, and had also broken his right arm. He was taken into Maitland where his wounds were dressed by Dr. H, R. Blown. On the following day a young man named Wilson was thrown from his horse whilst riding irom Ardrossan to Mait land, and broke his arm. Both sufferers are pro gressing favorably. Caught in a trap. A respectable young man'- named G. Wilson was brought up before the Stipendiary Magistrate at Wallaroo, on Saturday December 1, on a charge of hawing tea without a license in and around luidina. It appeared that defendant had employed a lad to go round hawking packets of tea, who innocently proferred a packet to police constable Bray. Mr Bray thereupon elicited from him tlie fact that his employer was staying at the Exchange Hotel, whither lie weiit in quest of him. Wilson readily sold Mr Bray a packet of the Atnoy Company's tea, but being called upon for a license had none to produce. P.C. Bray thereupon laid informations against Wilson and the boy. Wilson pleaded guilty to the charge, but disavowed any dishonest intent, stating that he had been unable to dispose of his wares to storekeepers and was unaware that he was offending against the law in causiug the tea to be hawked about. The Magistrate inflicted a -Sue' of £L0, and coats,amounting in all to £11 5s. The information against the boy wbs withdrawn, as it was clear that lie was blameless in the mat ter. The fine is certainly heavy, but when it is considered that the annual fee for a license is but half-a-crown, and that there are a number of cripples and boys who earn their living by hawk ing, it is evidently desirable that offenders should be severely dealt with. On Monday night, December 3, the newly elected Mayor of Kadiaa, Mr Richard Haselgrove, entertained a few friends at the Kadina Hall. Aboutforty guests were assembled, the chair being taken by Mr Haselgrove himself, supported by die ex-mayor of Kadina, Mr John Graskell, and the vice-chair was ably fiileJ bf Mr James Lang. Mr Haselgrove intimated that the proceedings would be devoid of alt formality. The usual loyal toasts were duly honoured after which Mr John Grkskell' proposed the health of the newly elected 'Mayor,' Mr Bichard Haselgrove. He dwelt upon the deep interest he himself had takeu in the ad vancement of the town, and the onerous nature of the duties pertaining to the office which he felt assured Mr Haselgrove would carry out as well as any of his predecessors. He referred to the im provements that had been effected in Kadina since it was made a corporate town, and scouted the statements made by some people that Kadina was entirely dependent upon the mining indu6tiy. The toast was druuk in bumpers of champagne, and with musical honors. Mr Haselgrove, in re sponding, said he liardiy thought he was deserving of all the praise that had been given him, but lie would endeavor to iuifit the offiee with credit to himself aud the town of Eadina. Mr Scott pro ppaed '• the new Councillors" who he believed would acquit themselves with credit, and under the able leadership of Mr Haselgrove would at the expiry of their term of oSie merit the praise their fellows citizens who hai placed them in a responsible position. Mr M. Rosenberg acknowledged the toast. ,Hc had beea a resident in Kadina for a long time and had some interest in it. He was almost a naturalised Englishman, and would endeavor to do his duty fearing no foe and favoring no friend. Mr Haselgrove pro posed the health of the late Mayor, Mr John Grastell. Mr Gaekell was one of those persons whom"they liked better the longer they knew linn. A11 who had watched and appreciated the manner in which he had performed his duties could say that he had done them well. Of course no one could retire from such a position, without having made a few enemies, although he himself did not believe that because one differed from a person he should be regarded as an enemy, but in a small town little jealousies would creep in, and people became embittered against one another. Sat Mr Gaskellhad carried out his duties honestly and feaflessly. He himself would not have come forward had Mr Gaskell presented himself. And had he done so he had 110 doubt lie would have been almost unanimously re- elected. He alluded in humorous terms to a remark that had been made that Kadina wasalmost insolvent. He d id otwant the shadow of such a coming event as that cast before him. What he had said about Mr Gas kellwasjnot flattery. He epoke sincerely when the said that they would not look upon his like for many years to come. The toast was very cor dially drunk. Mr Gaskell in returning thanks said what he had done was always to the best of his ability. In doing that which he. had consi dered his duty he could say that he had never swerved one iota. He was much pained that he had that day been accused of partiality. He had not the least idea of such a thing and those who knew him would consider bis point blank denial a sufficient answer to that charge. He tendered them his thatiks in the same cordial spirit as his health had been proposed, and wished all pros perity, and health to those surrounding tbs table. Mr Rosenberg proposed the health of the old Ceuncillers as a body. They had attended to their duties well and regularly, but they had not always supported the Mayor as they should have done. Mr Cundy re turned thanks, find expressed his pleasure at being present. They might not have agreed always but he could say they had not been enemies outside. As for himself he had always acted on principle, and whenever resolutions were brought forward for the good of the town, his arm would be lifted in suppoit so long as God gaye him strength. Mr Scott also acknowledged the toast in a humor ous Bpeech. Mr Haddy proposed " the Ladies" to which Mr Haselgrove responded, and l£r Julius Eyproposed " the PresB" which was acknowledged ! by Mr Saunders. Mr Haddy proposed " the Visi tor "'.coupling with it the name of Mr Bickford, one of tiie ex-councillors of the city of Adelaide. Mr Bickford returned thanks l'u an able speech, dwelling upon Ifeg improvements he noticed in Kadina since the creation of the Corporation. Beferring to the mining industiy he deprecated the pessimist -views entertained by some. He pro phecied a prosperous future for the town when the rfilwaya into tlip interior were opened. Mr Saunders proposed the health of Mrs and Mr Haselgrove, to which the former responded. The eYening was a most enjoyable one, the toaste being all very ehort, the company very social, and the' table proyided with the best of wines of all descriptions. A number of songs and recitations, in some of which the Scotch element predominated, were given by the gentlemen present, and an amusing rondean, " a song, a sentiment or a penalty" elicited some very good singing, and some very funny sentiments. The piano was' also called into requisition, and.under the skilful manipulation of Mr S. Thomas, greatly enlivened tho proceedings. It would be invidious to par ticularise the singers or to single out any for special praie, but on tho whole the evening was very pleasant indeed. At the close the Scotch element once more came to the front, and the proceedings were brought to a close by the whole company singing " Auld Lang Syne" in the ap proved fashion. 