WllllF, it is a very foolish tiling to meet i ? troubles half way, the voice of wisdom impresses upon us the necessity of being prepared to jj accept any result that may follow a disturbance ? I of; i the present peacc-of Europe. It is not at, all improbable that there will be a recourse to arms over the Eastern question yot, nor is it \--impossible that England may be compelled to . take an important part in-it; and with a prospect ?of these- ' eventualities,' the position of our : commerce. djocomcs a very serious question— i serious' nob alone to Great Britain, but to, the entire nation, for it is impossible, in considering . jSuch a-subjeet, ;to:. imagine the mother .country and the colonios1' having divided' interests. ? 3 1 /?'was' stated recently 'that- Russia intended with. ' drawing from the'Treaty of 1856, it the Powers . .refused to;co-opei,ate; and insist upon tho Porte '/assenting to the original programme of the ''(jonference.' It is not our purpose 'now to con .sidur thu conditions which Russia has laid down as the alternative of a repudiation of the u'lVeatv wo; 'would ratlier look for a few Ivribinents at the effect which these not altogether -{unexpected moves on the part of the Muscovite. t-- would '-have upon our maritime interests und 'our' commerce generally. In an article ie published in oiir present issue from the United , j, Service Gazette that paper states that it was 110 'secret thafc: a very strong feeling pervaded the . 'Kussian people in favour of attacking British .'commerce by privateering in tho event of war ? and goos on to say:— 'We are informed through .tho Russian Press, :is also by ' our own corro \- spondent,' that large sums would be forthcoming from private sourco-s alone for the purchase and . equipment of' privateers in different parts of the;/ world; There is no reason whatever ' to ? j'tloiibt/;tbewtriith ;of such information. The ' ' Declaration ? of Paris is not likely to be re ^i))cct0d. by Russia in the face of what has '' already been 'repudiated by her.' And the ? ''same journal .proceeds to show that Russian, -???': privateers might strike a terrible blow at English ;« commerce before anything could be done to prevent them ; that a few swift cruisors might repeat the exploits of the Alabama, though oil a much more extensive scale, and not be cap tured for months, just because England has not Kulficient sail and steam jiowor ready to do it. j Without desiring to create unnecessary alarm I it must bo admitted that any nation which i clio.se to fit out privateers against British com- | \- merce could, notwithstanding the strength of the British navy, inflict almost incalculable damage, and it is this circumstance. that gives such a gravo appeiiranco to tho intentions of . -Kuusiti. Under the Declaration of Paris, it was re solved bv Great Britain, Russia, France, Prussia, Austria, Turkey, and Sardinia, that ~ privateering should be abolished ; that a block add to be valid must be effective ; that neutral ' goods should not be liable to seizure in an enemy's vessel ; and that a neutral flag should cover an enemy's goods. There has always been 'a variety of opinions as to whether England studied her own interests in assenting to such principles of maritime law, and tho fact that a motion was submitted in tho House of Ootn ' inons the other day for ihe withdrawal of Great 'Britain from the Trudy is conclusive that, a parl'V .still exists which believes in absolute 'free trade' on the high seas, and objects to artificial restrictions of any kind. Until wo receive the report of the debate on the ques tion we cannot, of course, know the arguments that were adduced in support of the abrogation of the Treaty ; but if it were contended that the. Treaty was too circumscribed, and did not embrace all that it should have, done, we have no hesitation in saying that we fully concur in ?such an opinion. Looked at from any point of view, it would have been better if the Powers, while they were engaged in their important task, had agreed that all private property should be inviolate. Kail this been done, every country which engaged in war would have reajied the benefit of the provision, and less apprehension would have been felt on our part when there was a probability of England being i involved in any sanguinary embroilment. We can imagine one or two, at least, of the objec tions that would be urged, as they have been urged many times before, against England holding to the Declaration of Paris. It would be said that for the greatest naval power in the world to limit its destruetiveness. to sunender a weapon of immense strength, and to place j itself, so to speak, on an equality with nations which have not the ghost of a chance against her on sea, is a policy scarcely compatible with the safety of suoh a Porte. So far this is perfectly reasonable, and until we examine the matter;), little more, it does seem that the declaration of Paris is prejudicial to British interests. But after careful considera of the subject, it will be seen that the step was not only a wise one, but that any retrograde movement now would be, disastrous to our com merce, and that it is the bounden duty of tin; .Mother Country to exert her great influence ill favour of the maintenance of -the present international laws as enacted in 1850. For it must be remembered that if England is tho greatest naval power, her commerce is im mense, and extends to every part of the in habitable globe. She may be, and is, capablc of great destruetiveness; but at the same time she is liable to suffer from privateering more than any otlier nation. Supposing the Declaration of Paris to be abrogated, and England to go to war, all vessels sailing unuer sue nrii.isii nag, wiui L!H;11 cargoes, would be liable to seizure by the enemy. Now, there are other nations besides England which possess fleets not at all to be despised, and it would be a great blow which this colonly for instance, would feel for years, supposing a few of the grand vessels we have trading to London were to fall into the hands of an enemy. This is bringing the subject home; and we known the best way in making ,i man take an interest in anything is to touch his pocket, or to suggest, at all events, that he is likely to suffer from pecuniaiy loss. The Aus tralian colonists may perhaps have thought that Russia's threat to withdraw from the Declaration of Paris ;is of no importance to them ;„but we trust they will not continue to labour under any such mistake. Under any circumstances, in case of war, great inconveni eiice '-would- -arise. To send our produce home in our own vessels would be dangerous, because both' ship and cargo might be seized ; but this can be avoided by employing foreign vessels, and that will be the only course open, unless owners are willing^ to 'pay 'the heavy rg.te charged .by. insurance companies during war. 