ORAYTON. fritOM OUR OWN' CORRESPONDENT.} Of purely local news I have not tho ghost of a climicp of sending you any this week. A scribe of the most inventive imaginative charnctor would find, did ho attempt to do so, that he had undertaken n barren task. The weather at present, I fancy, would, from appearances, deneive the most astuto inotenrnlw;iBt. Eveninc after eveninj; fur this week pant one eouM almost hnve taken one's rtavy that ere Old Sr.t visited us the fol Inn-nig morn, we should Unve Iwwii blended with a downpour of rain. But no althoush the clouds senmnd surcharged with humidity they were to the thirsty earth merely an tho cup of Tantalus is to a traveller famishing with drought, raising expectations doomed : to be disappointed. Twenty-four hours rain now would bo welcomed both by fanner and grassier. A meeting of tlin parishioners of St. Matthcw'R Anglican Church, Drayton, was hell at tho Parannaeo on the evening of tho 23rd inst. The attendance was hut meagre (fcwclro in nil), thio might bo Accounted for by thcthrpatening appearance of the weather, few would feel inclined to ride into town to attend tv meeting with a probability of a drenchinc! with rain ou their way home. The incumbent, the Bev. .Tames M'Clevwty, presided, nnd the meeting opened and closed with prayer. Tho rev. chairman Btatod that the meeting hod been called to take into consideration various matters, but more especially to do what in us lay to avert the threatened resignation of our revered and respected ohicf pastor the Bishop from be coming an accomplished fact, and to take steps to contribute our mite, however small it might be, to the general church fond sought to be established by His Lordship the BiBhop. The minutes of the previous meet ing were read and confirmed. Mr. 3. W. Henry said he very much regretted so few of the parishioners were present, this might, he thought, be fairly attributed to the threaten ing aspect of the weather. However, he thought we should not be justitted in pro ooeding at this meeting with the considera tion of the course of action \n should take with reference to the proposed general ohurob '? fund, seeing that ou,r loading ohuroh members i wore oousplouous by their absence. Be would thereforo propose that the joonslaVr*. tton of the mutter referred ,w,$^tt|-|ffih ceeded with at present, but that i B»sHng^ of -the parishioners be dnjy .convened tob* held at the parsonage at7o\ilookp.m, tof th« 23rd proximo-to consider the ?ubjeot, and^ha ''' trusted than to soe a more numerous gath*r- ing than the present one. Motion ?eoonded by Mr. C. Evans. Carried. Mr. J; ^ Henry drew the attention of the meeting to the very great inoonvenienoe necessarily felt by the incumbent through the abieuoeof* stable for his hone, and mid that taking, in to consideration that the winter seoton WM approaching, a stable would be a positurt necessity. He would therefore move that s- stable be at once erected of the following dimensions, viz., two horse stalls, eaoh eight foot wide, and a buggy honse ten foot wide, with loft over top of buggy house to etore hay in, length of building 26 feet in all, width. 14 feet, and that Mr. G. M'Cleverty (who is an adept in such matters) be requested to prepare plan and specification for same, and to advertise in the local journals for tenders for its immediate erection. Motion seconded by Mr. C. Evans and carried. Mr. Henry suggested that auditors be appointed to audit the parish accounts at Easter. Meranr O. Evans aud C. A. Barnott were appointed auditors. Some discussion ensued as to tbe desi.-ability of engagiug the services of an organist. There was but one opinion ex pressed nn the subject, viz., that a profes sional organist, and the establishment of a choir were great desiderata. AU those present siguilied their intention of subscrib ing to pay for the services of an organist February 28. 