^urting. ENGLISH SPOUTING. Our budget of sporting news by the last mail shows that our friends across the water were getting into the thick of the season. There were several race meetings in addition to the meetings we seek to particularize ; but they are not of importance, merely filling up what would otherwise be breaks in the flat racing season. The Newmarket Craven Meeting began on Tuesday, April 17, and was attended with about the usual degree of success. A good deal of interest was taken from the Nineteenth Biennial by the withdrawal of the dark horse Morier in the Derby. This race usually has been taken as an indication of the race for the " blue riband," but owing to the circumstance pointed out it was a much tamer affair. On the first day the weather was very disagreeable with a high wind. The Meeting began with a walkover. Hellenist gaining the Craven Stakes that way. Ecossais won the Flying Stakes and King Clovis the Post Stakes. The Bushes Handicap fell to the lot of Polly Perkins, and the "Weeds Plate to Alsaee.For the Nineteenth Newmarket Biennial twelve horses faced the starter, including the winner of this year's Derby. They were The Grey Friar, Masauiello, JageLLon, Atlantic Cable, Briglia, Orthos, Monachus, Silvio, Belphoabe, Chevron, Warren Hastings, and the Hermit— Habile filly. Silvio started first favourite, but only managed to get in fifth, The Grey Friar winning cleverly by half a length, a like dis tance separating Masankllo, who was second from Jagellon, who came in third. The winner of this race is from a Kingston sire. The Bretbey Plate Handicap brought out a good field, and was won by Breechloader, Kaleidoscope being second, and Coereleus third. On the second day of the meeting Lady Golightly walked ever for the Column Stakes, and then a match ou tlio Rowley Mile took place between Getroffen and Snare, the former winning. Sugarloaf won the Plate of £100, beating Coomassie and St. Bees. Hidalgo won the Nineteenth Sale Stakes, a Plate being then won by Farnese, aud Donna carried off the Handicap Plate from a large field. Salute won the Maiden Plate, beating Dalgarno, Equinox, and others. Nitocris was the winner of the Free Handicap, Chesterfield being second, and Bonfire third. For the Newmarket Handicap ten started — Hidalgo, The Cheetah, Morning Star, Lord Gowran, Gavarni, Liris, Lanzan, Cerberus, Etixine, aud the Parmesan—May Morning colt. The race was won by Hidalgo by a length and a half, The Cheetah being second, and Morning Star third. On third day Skylark wen the second year of the Eighteenth Biennial Stakes, Celtness being second, and Timballo third. Little Fif won the Two-year-old Refuse Plate, Euxine the Welter Handicap, Creature the Selling Stakes, Belle of Sutherland the Maiden Plate, Farnese a sweep stakes, and Skylark the Claret Stakes. On the fourth day Chamant frightened all his oppo nents out of the Bennington Stakes, and had a walkover. Two Plates were won by Parchment and Joachim. The Newmarket International Handicap was won by Tassel, Bonchurch being second, and Plaisante third. There were also running Controversy, Coomassie, Lord Gowran, Tartine, Gloucester, Polly Perkins, and Mavis. Julia Peachum won the Selling Stakes, Laud's End the £100 Handicap, and Brown Prince (the American horsel the £100 Plate. The Epsom Spring Meeting is one that always obtains a large amount of patronage, for although the racing only lasts over two days the fields are generally good and the events well contested. The City and Suburban is the main dish in this bill of fare, and the handicap which was made by a maiden effort, in spite of the fears of many, brought out 88 acceptances from a nomination of 127. Before the day of the race a rumour got about that Julius Caesar had been scratched, hut when he made his appearance a sight of his fine condition gave the lie at once to such an idea The Selling Race, with which the " ball" was opened, fell to Hellenist, with Lord Byron second, and Grey Friar third. Birdie won the Maiden Plate, Bird in Hand occupying the second place, and Bravissime the third. Then came the Hamlet of the play, the Citt and Suburban Handicap, of 15 sovs. each, 10 ft., with 200 added; second received 50 sovs.; winners extra. About one mile and a quarter. 127 subs., 40 of whom paid 5 sovs. eaah. Mr. T. Gee's Julius Cassar, by St. Albans— I Julie, 4 yrs., 7 st. 9 lbs., car. 7 st. 10 lbs. (F. Archer) Lord Rosebery's b.c. Touchet, by Lord Lyon —Lady Audley, 3 yrs., 6 st (Hopkins) ... Mr. G. Lambert's ch.h. Balbriggan, by Solon —Christmas Pie, 5 yrs., 6 st. 7 lbs (Mor gan) ... Chaplet, 5 yrs., 7 st. 12 lbs.; The Snail, aged, 7 st. 11 lbs.; Hesper, 4 yrs., 7 st. 10 lbs.; The Ghost, 5 yrs., 7 st. 7 lbs., car. 7 st. 8 lbs.; John Day, 4 yrs., 7 st. 6 lbs.; Saint Leger, 5 yrs., 7 st. 5 lbs.; Tassel, 4 yrs., 7 st. 4 lbs., inc. 5 lbs. ex.; Newport, 4 yrs., 7 st. 2 lbs.; Chypre, 5 yrs., 7 st. 2 lbs.; Volturno, 6 yrs., 6 st. 13 lbs.; Bondsman, 4 yrs., 6 st. 12 lbs.; "Warren Hast ings, 3 jts., 6 st. 10 lbs.; Rosbach, 3 yrs., 6 st. 7 lbs.; Warrior, 3 yrs., 6 st. 6 lbs.; Margarita, 4 yrs., 6 st. 5 lbs.; c. by Buccaneer—Voltella, 3 yrs., 6 st. 3 lbs.; Sign Manual, 3 yrs, 5 st. 13 lbs.; Bonchurch, 3 yrs., 5 st. 13 lbs.; Corsair, 3 yrs., 5 st. 12 lbs., inc. 5 lbs. ex.; Doctor Gully, 3 yrs., 5 st. 12 lbs.; Don Carlos, 3 yrs., 5 st. 12 lbs.; The Cheetah, 3 yrs., 5 st. 10 lbs.; James Pigg, 3 yT6., 5 st. 9 lbs.; Cartridge, 3 yrs., 5 st. 7 lbs.; and Chesterfield, 3 yrs., 5 st. 7 lbs., also started. The following particulars are from the Sporting Life:— Betting—100 to 15 agst. Touehet, 15 to 2 agst. Balbriggan, 8 to 1 agst. Julius Otesar, 100 to 12 agst. Chaplet, 12 to 1 agst. Hesper, 13 to 1 agst. The Ghosr, 14 to 1 each agst. Bondsman and Sign Manual. 20 to 1 agst. "Voltella colt, 2o to 1 each agst. Tassel, Warrior, John Day, Chypre, and Saint Leger, 33 to 1 agst Margarita, 40 to 1 ag6t. Don Carlos, 50 to 1 each agst. Volturno and Cartridge, £6 to 1 agst. Newport, 1,000 to 15 each agst. Rosbach and Corsair, and 1,000 to 5 each agst. James Pigg and Dr. Gully. There was a long delay at the post owing to the diffi culty of getting the field into line, and it was nearly half an hour after time ere the flag fell, the start then being a very fair one. The colours of Julius Cajsar were for a few strides seen clearly in front, but he was immediately pulled back, and Tassel went on with the lead, in company with Cartridge, Bonchurch, Vol turno, The Snail, and Warren Hastings, to this lot succeeding Chaplet, Bondsman, Chypre, i Touchet, Don Carlos, Ghost, Hesper, and the Voltella colt, Julius Csesar being in the centre [ of this division, wbile in the rear of all were Balbnggau and Cheetah. As they went past the mile post the leading lot closed up, and Warren Hastings with Volturno began to tail off, so that coming round Tattenham Corner Tassel was running in company with Chaplet, Bonchurch, and Bondsman, these being followed by Touehet, Snail, Hesper, Don Carlos, Ghost, St. Leger, and Julius C:esar, while Balbriggan began to show in the leading dozen. Coming down the hill, but before getting fairly into the straight, Tassel began to give way, and the running on the rails was taken up by Touehet, who, in company with his stable companion, The Snail (Rosback at the bend running very wide), were at the head of affairs. Chaplet here was beaten, as were Bondsman and Bonchurch; but well up with the leaders on the whip hand were Mar garita, John Day, and Hesper, pulling double, and on the inside, Don Carlos and St. Leger, with Julius Ctesar treading on their heels, and to this division was the race confined. As they approached the distance St. Leger arid Don Ca: los were done with, and The Snail ran up to Tonehet's head, the pair now being waited on by Julius Ctesar to the Bell, where he had his head given liim, and at onee going to the front strode along, and won in a canter by six lengths: three-quarters of a length separated Touehet from Balbriggan, who passed The Snail on the post, the last-named finishing fourth in front of Hesper, John Day,. The Ghost, Cartridge, Chypre, St. Leger, Warrior, Roabach, and Cheetah, who finished as nearly as possible in , the order their names are written, the last lot being the Voltella colt, James Pigg, Tassel, Dr. Golly, and. Warren Hastings. Time, 2 min. 18 eec. Value of the stakes £1,360. The winner of the City and Suburban has in his veins what seems by the racing performances of late years to be a very successful cross—the Touchstone upon StoekwelL He is by St. Albans, the sire of Proto-Martyr, from Julia by Orlando, her dam, Miss Appleton, being a daughter of Bay Middleton.. He was parchased in June, 1874, by Captain Machell for 1,600 guineas, and won the Westminster Stakes at the Epsom Spring Meeting. He was then purchased by Lord Aylesford, and afterwards passed into the hands of Mr. Bohert Peck for 3,300 guineas. He last year ran secona for the Two Thousand, and thu d for the Epsom Derby, Prince of Wales ' Stakes, and Doucaster St. Leger. Mr. Gee bought him afterwards for 5,000 guineas. Paramatta won the Dordan's Stakes, Edward the Third the Welter Handicap, Grace the Westminster Stakes, and. Queen the Stamford Plate. Ou the second day Sutherland won the Great Surrey Handicap, Pelphoebe, afterwards winner of the One Thousand, being second. Creature carried off the Beaufort Stakes, and St. Moritz the Pall Mall Stakes. For the Great j Metropolitan Stakes John Day, Norwich, Lilian, Gloucester, Lord Birner, and Iron Duke started, John Day, by John Davis from Breakwater, won by two' lengths, Norwich being second, and Lilian third. Granada was the winner of the Bail way Welter Stakes, and La Merveille of the Hyde Park Plate. The Prince of Wales Stakes fell to Balbriggan, and Her Majesty's Plate was won by Kingsclere, a son of Lord Clifden. The Newmarket hirst spring meeting wit nessed a number »f large fields for the minor events, and a very good lot in the two great races of the week. Oa the first day Breechloader won the Two Thousand Trial Stakes, _ Equinox the T wo-Year-Old Sweepstakes, Conjuror the First "Welter Handicap, Bounia Lassie the Selling Plate, Ninoblante the Flying Handicap Sweepstakes, and Tassel the Prince of Wales Stakes (handicap). On the Two Thousand Day Skylark contending with Coltliess, won the Prince of Wales Stakes. The Two-TTear-Old Plate was won by a filly by Lord Clifden from Gemma, and Petrarch walked over for a 50 sov. sweepstakes. We abridge from the Sporting Life a description of The Two Thousand Guineas Stakes, of 100 sovs. each, h.ft.; for three-year- olds; the second received 200 sovs., and the third saved his stake. R.M. (1 mile 17 yards), 101 subs. Count F. de Lagrange's b.c. Chamant by Mortemer—Araucaria by Ambrose, 8 st. 10 lbs. (J. Gkiater) ... 1 Mr. M. H. Sanford's b.c. Brown Prince, 8 st. 10 lbs. (Custauce) ... i 2 Lord Falmouth's b.c. Silvio, 8 st. 10 lbs. (F. Archer) .. 3 Thunderstone, Buccaneer, Monachus, Monk, Klngsclere, Warren Hastings, Stracliino, and Morier also started. Betting—2 to 1 agst. Morier, 9 to 4 agst. Chamant, 7 to 1 agst. Strachino, 100 to S agst. Thunder stone, 100 to 7 agst. Silvio, 25 to 1 agst. Monk, 100 to 3 agst. Brown Prince, and 60 to 1 each agst. the Yoltella colt and Warren Hastings. At the second attempt the lot were dispatched to a capital start, Monachus in tne centre soon working his way to the front, and making play with a slight lead of Brown Prince, while wide on the lower ground Monk came on third, just in front of Silvio and Chamant, who were on his whip hand, the Frenchman being about a length behind Lord Falmouth's colt, whilst just belliud the leaders were Thunder stone and the Yoltella colt. The colours of Morier at this early stage were seen well up on the right in company with Kingsclere, the abso lute last being Strachino, who was wide on the right by himself, and in a corresponding posi tion on the left, behind Chamant and Monk, was Warren Hastings. In much about this order the lot ran to the T.Y.C. winning-post, where Morier was seen to be already iu difficulties, and loud shouts proclaimed his downfall, and here Strachino began to draw near his horses. On the other hand Warren Hastings and Kineselere were already tailing off. In the leading division Monachus was still sailing along in company with Brown Prinee, while close close up were Monk, Thunderstone, and Silvio, Chamant also being handy, and thus they came to the Bushes, where Monk, Thunderstone, and the Yoltella colt hung out signals of distress. Here Silvio took third place, with Chamant alongside; and Strachino, wide by himself, close up with Morier, Kingsclere and Warren Hast ings toiling hopelessly in the rear. As they came down the hill to the dip, Monachus resigned his lead, and Brown Prince and Silvio held a trifling advantage of Chamant, who was going well within himself. Before reaching the hollow, Strachino was settled, and Goater brought Chamant to the front, and though the American (who had always been second or third) and Silvio made a gallant effort, the race was really over, as directly Goater shook "p Cha mant he drew to the front without an effort, and won in a canter by a length from Brown Prince, with Silvio next, three-quarters of a length off; then, clear of these, same the Yoltella colt, Monachus, Monk, and Thunderstone in the order named, with Strachino, several lengths off, next, in front of Morier and Warren Hastings, with Kingsclere last. Time, 1 min. 50 sec. Yalue of the stakes, £5,200. The Welter Stages was won by Magnet, the May Stakes by Pardon, and the Handicap Plate by Sheldrake. On the off day of the meeting the Handicap Plate was won by Lacy, the £100 Plate by Breechloader, the Maiden Plate by Dalgarno, the Selling Stakes by Conquest, the Stand Handicap by Meg Merrilies, the First Two-year-old Stakes by Daredevil, the Second Welter Handicap Plate by "Woodridge, and the Burwell Handicap by Cerberus. On the One Thousand day Mr. Savill's Parmesan—May Morning celt—led off by winning the 200 Sovs. Plate from a small field. The Selling Stakes fell to Father Mathew, the Third "Welter Han dicap Plate to Carthusian, and. the Two-Year old Selling Stakes to Full Charge. The following account of the great race of the day is abridged ■ from the Sporting Life :— One Thousand Guineas, a subscription of 100 sovs. each, for three-year olds. 24 subs. Lord Hartington's Belphosbe, by Toxopliilite —Yaga, 8 st. 10 lbs. (BE. Jeffrey) Mr. J. Ansley's Lady Ronald, 8 st. 10 lbs. (Perry) Lord Falmouth's Lady Golightly, 8 st. 10 lbs. (F. Archer) ... Briglia, Magnolia, Manoeuvre, Palm Flower, Morgiana, Nitocris, Plaisaate, Probate, Dee, Start, Gavotte, Mirobolante, Helena, Spiegel schiff, Miriam, and Lent Lily also started. Betting--3 to 1 agst. Palm Flower, 100 to 30 agst. Lady Golightly, 8 to 1 agst. Morgiana, 9 to 1 agst. Helena, 100 to 7 agst. Nitocris, Plaisante, and Miriam, 100 to 6 agst. Belphoabe, 20 to 1 agst. Tribute, 100 to 3 agst. Lady Bonald, 40 to 1 agst. Mirobolante, and 50 to 1 agst. Dee. Tribute was rather fractious at the post, but the delay was not lung ere the flag fell to a capital start, Gavotte, who was on the right, showing the way at first in front of Plaisante wha was on lower ground, while in the centre were Miriam and Mirobolante, just in front of Palm Flower and Lady Golightly, this lot being but a short way behind the leaders. On the lower ground, in attendance on Plaisante, were Tribnte, Lady Bonald, Morgiana, and Spiegelschiff. Then on the top ground behind Gavotte were Helena, Dee, and Lent Lily, Belphtebe in the, centre having a position near Lady Golightly. Before a quarter of a mile had been covered Gavotte and Lent Lily began to tail off, but Helena was still fairly well up on the right as they came past the T.Y.C. winning-post. By the time the Boshes were reached it was seen that Morgiana was in trouble, as also were Helena and Palm Flower of the prominent favourites, and matters were still further narrowed by Spiegelschiff and Briglia, who had been up to now seen well up falling into the rear. As they commenced the descent from the Bushes Plaisante was still showing the way, with Lady Bonald in close at tendance just ahead of Lady Golightly and Bel phcebe, and the leader kept her position until right in the dip, where the four last named had the race to themselves. Directly the ascent was commenced Plaisoute was beaten, and i gave way to Lady Bonald and Lady Golightly, who eame up the hill with Belphoebe at their girths. Halfway up the biH Jeffry brought Belphceloe with one run, and gradually getting her in front, won a fine race by a neck from Lady Ronald, who was a head in front, of i Lady Golightly, the three being about a length i before Plaisante; then, several lengths off, eame Tribute, Briglia, and Start in single file, ahead of Spiegelschiff, Nitocris, and Palm Flower. 1 The last lot, with the exception of Lent Lily, . who -trotted in, comprised Helena, Dee, and | Gavotte. Value of the stakes, £4,750. The Two-year-old Stakes was won by Bel Ange, I and King -Gloria walked ever for the New | market Stakes, j The Chester -Meeting, though not favoured with the choicest of weather, drew crowds of I spectators. Extinguisher won the Grosvener Stakes, Hippiasthe Wynnstay- "Welter Han'di i cap, Gwendoline the City Stakes, and Dunsnow ' the Mostyn Stakes. Grey Friar carried off the ! Belgrave Cup, Serape the Curzon Plate, Grace ! the Vale Royal Stakes, King Offa the Welter Plate, and Extinguisher the ^Dee JSign^-^jUip. From the Daily JPetos we-clip a description of the Cup Bace:^- > Chester Trades Cpp (handicap), of 500 bovb. in specie, added to a sweepstakes of 25 sovs. each, 15 ft.; winners extra. Nearly two and a quarter miles. Mr. Greturn's Pageant, byJElland—Panoply,. . 6 yrs.-, 7 st. 10 lbs. (Glover) ... 1 ; Mr. A. Baltazzi's John Day, 4 yrs., 8 st. 1 lb., inc. 10 lbs. ex. (Maidment).... 2 Lord Bosebeiy's Snail, aged, 8 st. 2 lbs. (Con stable) ... ... 3 j Footstep, 4 yrs., 7 st. 13 lbs., inc. 10 lb. ex.,' car. 8 st.; Clonave, aged, 7 st. 3 lbs.; Newport, 4 yrs., 6 st. 11 lbs.; Skotzka, 5 yrs., 6 st. 4. lbs.; Collingbourne, 5 yrs., 6 st.; Highland Laddie, 4 yrs., 6 st.; Sans Beproche, 3 yrs., 5 st. 7 lbs., i also ran. Betting—9 to 4 agst. Snail, 9 to 2 agst. Skotzka, 5 to 1 agst. Footstep, 9 to 1 agst. John Day, 10 to 1 agst. Collingbourne, 100 to 6 each agst. Sans Beproche and Pageant, 20 to 1 agst. Clonave, 25 to 1 agst. Highland Laddie, 40 to 1 agst. Newport. There was one break away ere the flag fell to a capital start, Pageant being the first on his legs, bat he was soon pulled back, and Skotzka took the lead, making running from Newport, Collingbourne, and Highland Laddie, the four coming past the Stand clear of Sans Beproche, Snail, and Pageant, while in the rear of all were Footstep and Clonave, the Irish horse being the absolute whipper-in. Bounding the Workhouse turn there was no change of importance beyond that the first four took rather close order, a clear gap separating them from the others, who were fairly level, with the exception of Clonave, who was some lengths in the rear. Going along the Dee side Highland Laddie withdrew from the front division, and Skotzka on making the Grosvenor turn for the first time sailing along in company with Newport and Collingbourne, while at a clear interval came Sans Beproche, Snail, Footstep, and Pageant in the order named, John Day having fallen into the rear with Clonave, and beyond that the last-named drew up on the rails and held about sixth place. / they passed the s- tand there was no change, though the lot were ou considerably more equal terms. The pace told on Skotzka, who as they made the Workhouse turn was headed by Newort and Col lingbourne, and before the railway bridge was reached was behind Sans Rcproche and Snail, who were followed in close company by Pageant and Footstep until half way along the Deeside, where Newport lost his command, and Colling bourne for a few strides showed in front, only, however, to he passed by John Day and Clonave, who just before reaching the Grosvenor Bridge were in command, the Irish horse having about half a length lead of the Metropolitan winner, next to whom came Collin gbourne, Snail, and Pageant. Footstep was here in difficulties, while Skotzka, Sans Reproche, and Highland Laddie were tailed off. Clonave went on with the running from this point, just in advance of John Day, who was on the rails to the straight, where he was done with, as also was Colling bourne, and Snail became John Day's nearest attendant, with Pageant close handy on the whip-hand. At the distance Snail challenged for the lead, and got up to John Day ; but while their friends' hopes were at the highest Glover brought up Page.mfc, who, full of running, at once went to the front, and won in a canter by four lengths—three between second and third. Collingbourne was fourth, just in advance of Clonave and Sans Reproche, while at intervals came Newport, Footstep, Highland Laddie, and Skotzka. Antelope won the Cambermere Stakes Handi cap, King Offa the Eaton Stakes, and Grace the Tenth Beaufort Biennial Stakes. Leveret carried off the Chesterfield Stakes, Gaherlunzie the Bodmiutou Stakts, Bonnie Robin the Dee Stakes, Gwendoline the £100 Plate, Herald the Castrian Handicap, and "Warrior the Stewards' Cup, Slander walking over for the Earl Chester's Plate. The last day of the meeting is not reported in our latest files. The French Two Thousand — the Poule d'Essai—was won by M. Lupin's Fontainebleau by Dollar from Finland, Bataille being second, and Verneuil third. Five others started. The French Jockey Club has lost its Presi dent, Viscount Dara, who after a short illness died at Paris on Sunday, April 14. We hear on good authority (says the Sporting Life) that the Meutmore Stud, organized by the late Baron Meyer de Rothschild, has, in conse quence of the death of Baroness Meyer de Rotlischild, become the property of Miss Hannah de Rothschild, who has placed its entire super intendence in the hands of Mr. Leopold and Baron Ferdinand de Rothschild. The working arrangements and management rest with Mr. Markham, and the yearlings will as usual be sold at Newmarket in the July Meeting. His Royal Highness the Duke of Oonnaugbt carried off what may be called tbe blue riband of tbe bunting fields of Ireland by winning tbe Meatb Redcoat Race (which wouud up their very suc cessful season on Thursday,the 26th April), with his mare Kathleen, ridden by Mr. W. G. Knox, R.H.A. The venue (says the Horn* News) was at Carlanstown, near Kells. The course was rather longer than the Aintree Grand National track, and taxed a hunter's powers very severely. The death of Admiral Rous, at the age of 82, is announced in our English telegrams. We see by our latest files that the deceased took a leading part at the meeting of the Jockey Club held in the spring at Newmarket. 