INSTALLATION OF THE BISHOP ?OF MELBOURNE. The ceremony of iiistulliiu; tho newly-»p- ' pointed Bishop of Melbourne (Dr. Moor house) to tho charge of the dioacso took placo yesterday, , nt St. James's Cathedral, with all tlio formalities that aro usual on tuuh occasion!). Tke uburuh at au early hour wbb very Urgoly attended, uud at eleven o'clock, tht hour at which the cere monial was appointed to commence, more was scarcely standing room. A few minutes aftor cloven, his Excellency Sir Gcoigo F. Ijowcn aud Lady Bowon, accompanied by Mrs. Moorhouso aud Mi-3. Thornton, nud attended by Major Pitt, Private Secre tary to his Excellency, entered tho church, aud wore conducted to a small gallery to the right of tho ohanoel, which had been set apart for the vice-regal party. A similar gallery on tho other side was occu pied by the family of tho Vioar-Gcneral. It was originally inteuded that tho installation should be conducted by Dean Macartney, but, unfortunately, that gentleman, who has been confined to Ids house through illness for some days, was still too unwell to attend, and consequently the ceremony was performed by Archdeacon TuoUor, of Beeehwortb. and Sale, the senior nrohdeacon available, who acted by virtue of a commission from the Vicar-General. On the belle of the church ceasing the clergy and chapter met tha Bishop at tho pnnoipal entranco, and cou duoted him thence to tho chancel, the fol lowing being the order of the procession ; — The vcrgar, lay canons, deaaons, priests, canons, archdeacons, Arohdeacon Tucker, tho Bishop of Ballarat, tho Bisliop of Mel bourne, the chaplains to the late bishop, tho registrar. Tho Bishop, together with the Bishop of Ballarat. took; hin seat at tlio norfii side of £fcT altar tnblp, SnS 'tllorfi were also within the railings a number of the more distinguished union gat the Anglican clergy, inoluding Dr. Cow per, dean of Sydney, Arehdoacons Tuckor and Stretch, and Canons Chase, Goodman, Vnnce, M'Cullagh nnd Burton. Immediately outside the cnoloauro were about thirty members of the clergy aa well as several influential laymen, amongst whom wore Sir William V. Stawell and Mr. Jus tice Stephen. A voluntary having been played by the organist (Mr. Summers), the Kov. Canon Becher proceeded to commence tho usual morning service of the Church, which was conducted aftor tho iiintimir usual in cathedrals. 'J'ho olioral arrnngomoutn were, however, not ho pisrfuet as they inijht and ought to have been on ouch au occasion, the deficiencies in that loapeot boing due to a sudden and injudicious change in tho music selected. In tho course of the sorvice, several clorgymon, including the Bishop of Ballarat, tho Rev. Canon Good man, tho Rev. Canon Chase, Arohdeacon Stretoh and the Archdeacons of Castle maine and Beochworth took part, the iirst-named reading J the ante-oommiraion service. Immediately after the fiisb leseon, whioh was read by the Rev. Cation Good man, tho Bishop delivered to Archdeacon Tucker his commendatory letter- from 'the Archbishop of Canterbury. me aoou meut was handed to tlio registrar of the dioeeso, the lion. T. T. A'Bockott, who rend it aloud. Tho commission from the Vicar-General waa then read by Archdeacon Tucker, who afterwards proceeded to instal the new Bishop in the following form :— I, tho Venerable Joseph Kidgor Tucker, D.D., Archdeacon of Beechworth and Sile, and under tbe authority of n commission issued to mo by tUe Very Rev. Hussey Burgh Macartney, Doctor of Divinity, and Vicar-Goncral of tho diocese of Melbourne, do, on tbis, tbe lltb January, 1877, instal and induct effectually and in full episcopal right you, the llight Kov. Father in God James Jtoorbouse, Doctor of Divinity, in your own proper person tbo Bishop of Melbourno, oloctcd, confirmed and consecrated into tho ronl, actual and corporal possession of tbe said bishopric and Cathedral Church, of Molbourno,. with all itn rightB, dignities, honors, privileges and appurto nances whatsoever ; nnd X do assign to you, tbe said bithop, the episcopal seat in tbe chair usually assigned and appointnd to tbe bishop, ac cording to tlio custom of tbis cathedral church in tiiis behalf. Tho BiBhop then subscribed to the follow* ing declaration : — ? .. ; I, James Moorhouso, do solemnly and. sincerely declare my acceptance of tbo constitution of the fjnitod Cburcb of England and Irolaud, in tbo Oolong of Victoria',' as it is.oet.fort^.iu. tbo. Ao.tj 18 Victoria, No. ,45, commonly . known ha tbe Church Constitution Act, nnd tbo net to amend tbe same, passed, in the thirty-sixth year of tho reign of hor present Atajoaty, and nupi bered 4C4 ; and that 1 will to the best of my ability give effect thereto, and to tho acts passed iu pursuance thereof, until the same or any of them shall respectively bo lawfully altered or varied. Tho service was continued. TIIK'flERMON. The Bisliop then delivered a sermon, taking for his text the 33rd verse of the Cth chapter of St. Matthew's Gospel, ' Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness.' He said that ho considered tbe text a fitting one for the occasion, and would endeavor to explain its meaning as fully as possible. If anyone had asked the apostles what they were sent into1 the world to do, ho supposed that they wouM have been ready enough with the answer, 'to sot up tho kingdom, of God,' becauso in their Master's lifetime this was tho message by which they were com missioned, ' Go, pieawh unto all men, and say the kingdom of heaven is at hand.' Towards that end tho Lord himself delivered many discourses, and it -was for this purpose that bishops aud ministers wcro sent forth to the world. Tho kingdom of heaven must then be something in this world ; it had its beginning here ; and they knew something of this from the Lord's parabolical teachings. But although it was in this world, it wa8 made quite clear from Scripture that it was not of this world, neither in its spirit, aims nnvmeans of extension. ' 'If my kingdom were of tbis world,' said tho Redeomer, 'then would my servants fight that I should not be delivered to the Jews ; and Paul said, 'The kingdom of God is not meat or drink,' not sensual indulgence, but some thing inward—' righteousness, and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost.' It waa, first, a new relation to God ; a relation to God which had for its sign and result 'joy in tho Holy Ghost.' And then, again, it was a better and truer rolation toman, represented by righteousness, and a dedication of the heart and life to the kingdom of God. These two thingB, a now relation to God and a xightrolationtoman, were manifested, and in dicated by a deep and abiding peace in the soul; and so it was that Paul told them it was 'pence and joyin the Holy Ghost.' If, theu, any of his hearers wished to know whether they were really members of the kingdom of God, they must put.the question to themselveB individually, uot 'Am I bap tised?' but 'Am I in the truo relation to God nnd iu the light relation to man 5' God forbid that he should depreciate the ordi nance of holy baptism ; for it had ensured to each individual who had been so introduced to the Chnroh that love of God which was promised to all the world by thfi Gospel. But it should bo remembered that God. in Christ was reconciling, not that man and tUe othor man simply, but tbo whole world, to him self. It was one thing to have the offer and cift'of a thing, and another to take it. If he were to offer a gold coin to a mendicant in the street it would be lnB property.ac ' cording to his (the donor's) will and inten. tion but it was not the mendicant s pro. nerty in the sonBe of personal appropriation until ho stretched forth bis hand and took it He might offer it, and give it as freely as ChriBt ouered and gavo them pardon, but It must be accepted before it became his. So with the gifts and gniceB of God; they were given at holy baptuim, but when a man arrived at the age when he could value and receive these gifts he must stretch forth the hand of faith and take them. He did not care much for forms and ahows ; he must be proclaimed bishop of that diocese in that wav beoause the churoh required it ; but he would rather .know that one man or woman in that church waB really a member 5 the kingdom of Christ than have any ceremony wnatever. no »'f™ »?'?- ---* SfwwdiMk themselves whether they had entered into this right relation with God sacrificed pride, envy, gam and selfishness of everv kind, and were ready to follow the example of' Jesus, to imitate His blessed mint to Bive up their own wilft and only know the8 will of their blessed father on ?httiMd do unto aU men as they would they should do nnto them. If they mUv in the sight of the heart-searching God that thev had done this, and were reaoy to dedi catetS lives to His .service they must verily be members of His k.ngdom ; but if unharmily there was one porsou there who couKthuB answer the question, hewould ask hSn to ponder over the words of the t»Yfc 'Seek yo first tho kingdom of God. Wh?cl. was the better-the soul or the bodv-tue pleasure and favor of God or the 2ure»nd favor of man ; the satisfaction S Mlfist- lwti and pleasure ot tue ?wct.fiw. tion of a life toGoil? 'Which could they take to tu« grave with thtm, into the land beyond V If the former, 'tbe kingdom of God and bis riglitepuanosv''' w*9 the better thing, was it unreasou&ulo; to nsk that tney should seek that thing first? He would, counsel them to give it tho first plaoe m their hoarts, nnd if thoy did it iilobcdionco to the command of their Saviour!' thoy would na uurodly reap tho promisor' that was joined to his text, viz., that all those 'other things — moat, and drink, clothing,, houses, , ^ equi- pages and every thing thatlwns good for' them —would inevitubly be 'added unto them. , At tbo conclusion of the service, tlio holy communion was adminiBtcrodby the B'8iJ°P to a large nuuibar of communicants, and the proceedings in tbo church terminated. ? ? Tho Bishop next cttendddat the Diocesan Assembly Ball, where two. addresses wore presented to him ; one being from th» clergy, (if the diocese, and tho othor being froi'i tho clergy and laity generally.. They were as f oUowa, and were rend by Archdeacon Tucker and Sir W. P. Stawell respec 'Vo^hVilight llov, James, Bishop of 'Melbourne. Right Rbv. Father in God.— We, luo Jilergy oE your diocese, dosire to offer yoii a hearty and re spootfnlweloome on the occasion of your aiiRnminR the episcopal dntiei which you hnve.been called to exorcise nrucmg us. We ae»ifo,to give utter »nce to our d«vout thankfulness , to the Luiet Shopbordand Biabop of sonls Ibat he hm in-, clincd yonr henrt to respond to .the cnlliiuad1?,*0 you, andthat Ha has safely brought you -hojo.to succeed to the sent so long and so worthily filled iby your, beloved and revered predenoRjor; and wa nsiiure you that to look forward with:, confident hope to tho blessings which will come to ub and to tbe cburob'a't largo by yonr pastoral pTormgnt nnd your friendly ndvice to us in the worlt o£ our ministry, and iro truat that you will find us ready, accordiug to our ordination vow, Xa fol.ow with a glnd mind and will yoorKodly admonitions. Different n« nro our circumstances from those oc the Ohuroh in Kngland, nonetbtJ loss do vo re- . gard ouiiselves us ministers of thnt Church, ac cepting tliorcsponjil.ilitiesaswoll as tbo privi leges of onr faoriUge ; and wo desire to innintain a dutiful submiBsion .to her laws' and difiolplino, and! 'Uarout.'iitichmont to^iior.1 creeds, sMvices. lilid oWtldardii of faiili iissrtforlli ia tho Book of Common Prayer, togotbor with n full npprocm tiou of- that coaiprehonsivencra wbieh baa been truly said to distinguish her among tho other branobos of tbo Church of Christ. Toil will soon find what are the difficulties which from tbo special characteristics of this country beset our' cburcb in bearing a Irno and effectual ? wit ness to tho Kingdom of God and t!ia gospel of His (jraco; but we trust that under the euidabcn'of r bishop to whpm the true relation of Chriatinnity to the culture, tha science and the peculiar neoiir., moral and iutcllcctiial, of tbe.ilky, is well, known, we olmll be onablod to contond. widely aa wall as boldly for the fiiiib once delivered to the saintn. That yon may find favor with Qod nnd be honored, of men, and that the chnroh over which .vou pre-' sido, being dolivercil from all heresy, schism ii'd scandals; mny go forward and prosper, so that through her prsipority true jcliyion nnil p.odli ixesa may he estiiblislieil among as, to tho glory of Hod our Saviour^ am! the welfare of .our fellow-' men, is the carneut prayor of .your faithful ser vants. ? , '??'? ' ' ? ? ?''??? '...?? To the Eight llov. James 'Itoorlibnse, D.D.; Bishop o£ Melbourno. Right Hov. Fathar in God,— Wo, members of tho Ohurch of J!n|?laiid in . tbedioccBo of Malhourne, both Inynnd clerical, bog to approach you, on tho occasion of your in stallation, with 'feoliugs of. tUe deegcsl. toveronce; for your office' niid esteem for your percon, 'Your arrival amongst us at this sacred season peetns to connect its afresh with tbe dawn of Christinnity : nnd we rccn(miiio ir( you another link in that, groat chain ot overseers who, in Odd's niovidenro, Lave ruled over the church from the times of tbo Apoitles to tbis our day. Seeing that you hare' bcon elected to your snerod office after a principle carefully thought over and agreed upon in the AsaomUlyofthechurch,nndwitbnianyo£t-repea.t(-d prayora on the part of bfelievcrs,swp trust we cnn. without irruverence adopt the lahnuage of thq flint Council of Jerusalem, and truly say of your appointment to preside over the cliurch in thin ? dioeeso that it has ' seoiueil .good to the Hoi y Ghost and to us.' You will find amongst us moil of vnrious shades of opinion retpectiug dobatcablo points in our coiuniou faith ; yet'we cnu , nRavire you that nil such points have beon hitherto discussed amongst us iu a Ohnstiari spirit; and that the discussion,, whilo carried on with freedom nnd boldness, as becomes those who seek and love the Jruth;. yet has- led to' no 'breach of Christian charity. Thoso of us. who have borna olfico in tka - church, whnUior iu the sacri'd ministry or -in her legislature; or in the local administration of her Reoalat afliiirs, have been always ready, to,' pay ; a' dutiful regnrd to the voice .of authority. Wo ever listened , with respectful ' attention to all sugRestions of our late diocesan, for whoru wo continue to maintain an unabated, affection, and wo are prepared to pay the same orderly deference to you 'in your capacity of . chief pastor. The general satisfaction ' with which your unanimous nomination by the board ot electors was received throughout the dioeosn . justifies the liopo that liarmonyand peaco will'bo onjoyed.hy.'.us ninder yourgovoirimcnt;;wbilo W6 trnat that rieiiher yoii nor Mrs.- Mooriionse, to whom wo olFor uyery assuranco of nflectibn and wolcbine, will over know any. other fcoHn» than joy that you bavo listened to the call of tlio cliurch in this land, npd aocoptcd tha bigh office and dignity in. which we see .you to-day established. That Hod may bless yonr rule over us in spiritual things to the glory of His hrimo, tho well-being of thin diocoso, and your, own praiso and reward at tho day. of oiir Lord's ap peariuB, is the unfoigned prayer of your faithful ourvnnt.i. ? ,'. ' ?''?'; : . ?' Tho Bishop replied in a few well-chosen words, and stated that, as ho had been rather unwell, bo would prefer deferring a goneral reply until he mot thoso present at tho ilejcimer in tho afternoon. ??.'?' ! The Biehop of Ballarat then introduced a deputation of clergy aud laity: from bi3 diooeoe who desired to oougratulate Dr. Moorhouse on hia arrival in Victoria ' Tho Bishop thanked the deputation for the compliment paid him, and the company then dispersed. . ??.::? \\\ THE LUNCHEOJI. '.??'?.;' ?'.-;.' !,..;'? Tho publio luncheon given in honor of the Bishop of Molbourno was held in the Athen reum Hall. There were about 300 persona present, a large proportion of whom were; ladies. Mr. B. V. Miller wan the caterer. on the occasion. His Excellency the Gover nor, in the absence of the Very Eev. the Dean of Melbourne, presided. At tho prin. ? oipal table amongst the guests wero; Lady Bowen, Bishop Moorhouso, -Mrs.; Moorhouso, Bishop Thornton (Ballarat), Sir William Stawell, the Dean of Syd ney, ' MioB Bowen, his Honor Mr. ; Jus tice Stephen, Arohdeacon Tucker, Major Pitt, hon. Mrs. Bright;. Mrs. Mndartney nnd Archdeacon Strotch. The following filled the vice-chaira :— Mr. Brett, .Mr. H. Henty, Dr. Hearn, Mr. Busden,-Mr. Porkes. ' - ? The luncheon liaving concluded, the list .of tosst3 was proceeded with. ' ' '-;:. ' His Excellencv, in proposing the toast of the Health of the Queon, regretted the ab sence of the Very JBev. the Dean of Mel bourne, who was to. have presided, but owing to illness was unable to do so; Tho toast was one that always met with a hearty reception at the hands o£ Brjtbns,' no matter in what quarter of tho globo. they were found, and they would that day show the new Bishop of Melbourne how strong was the feoling of loyalty by whioh they were animated, and- from them he might, judge of the great loyalty whioh .pervaded tho minds of all Victorians. . (Hear, hear.) AnKnglish statesman once remarked. that- loyalty in England wob a sentiment ; in Australia- it was a passion. It was not at lcrstan unreasonable feeling with them. It was founded in tho firBt place upon the deep reverence whioh they entertained for tho exalted position and private virtues of her gracious Majosty, and, . secondly, it was baaed upon the fact that the Crown was the symbol of our common nationality; The; Crown was tho golden link that bound to gether tbo British race in all quarters of the globe. (Cheers.) ? Tbo toast was drunk with great en thnsiasm. .'.??? Sir Wm, Staweli., in proposing tho toast of Tho Governor, said that his Excellency was that day amongst them as a churchman, and paid him a marked compliment for the manner in which ho discharged his Booial duties. Ho evinced on all .occasions the utmost readinesa to assist in everything that; had for its object the good of the country, and this contributed not a little to the good government of tho colony, of which they felt justly proud. ., y: The toast was drunk with cheers. ? His ExuEi.MMorj in responding, returned thanks for tho kind terras in which it had beon proposed, and the cordial manner in which the toast bad been received. It af forded him very great pleasure to be amongst them that day, and to meet so many mem bers of the church of their fathers (ohcero), to which they clung all the more fondly in' the new land of their adoption. Ho joined' heartily in' the welcome which they sought to give their new chief pastor, the episcopal successor of that eminent scholar and gentle man, the first Bishop of Melbourne. (Cheers). No one would have rejoiced more than Bishop Perry in having found .so worthy a -sucoeasor. When he was in England Ust year lie had hoard in high, ' quarters that .a bishopric would soon be conferred upon Dr. Moor house, and this proved to be correct. Since accepting, the position of BiBhop of Mel bourne Dr. Moorhouee had been offered the Bishopric of Calcutta and they could not but' feel gratified .to learn., that, he had- refused, it, '.preferring to remain in Melbourne. (Cheers,)' Under' hi* obis direction and guidance he felt that they would continue their friendly relntions with the other churohea throughout the colony. Tliey would all join with 'him heartily in ao cording a henrty welcome to Mrs. M oorhonse, aud ''?wishing her health and prosperity. (Prolonged upplauso.) They would, ho felt nsaured, find irl her a faithful successor tu. Mrs. Perry' iu every good work. Mrs. Moorbouso hnd coufldod to bisi ?tbo'. ..fact that sho had received a fivorablo impression of Melbourne already, -and she would uot, he was sure, induce the bishop to return to England. (Laughter.) It was tho wish of Bishop Perry to livo and dio amongst them, and ho would doubtless havo done eo but for . his wife. (Laughter.) A friend, iu speaking to him on tho subject, remarked that this was an argument in favor of tlio celibacy of tho clergy. »t lottst of the bishops. (Laughter.) Ho felt satis fled that neither by act nor word would Mrs. Perry do aught that would tend to strengthen the argument in favor of epis copal eelibney. (Applause) In conclusion he called on the oouipany to drink Long Life, Health and Prosperity to BiBhop Moor house. The Bishop op Mi-xeobrkk, on rising, was received with roitcrated applause. Ho 'said ho felt tbat the reception. he had met with in Melbourne was infinitely beyond any deserts he conceived himself to possess. He had received a most favorable impre3 Bion of tho city olnruly, and he had liot bean in it half-a- dozen days without . seeing something of tho difficulties' and a great deal of tliB responsibility of the' office whinh ha hnd nndur taken. He .had^that day been presented with addresses from the clergy and laity of tho diocose, and he had excufied himself from replying at any length ns ha proposed to* refer to the points touched upon in tho course of any remarks be might make nt tlio liraohoon. If, therefore, he occupied moro than his fair share of tho timi- ullowed to speakers, he hoped thoy would exciifio hiiS. The first point to which lie miyht advert was the work and character of his' predecessor; Ho folt the nptnsso nf the reference, and he ' also felt like Elisha, when ovevahodowed by. tho mantle of bis great master. It ?was some comfort to him to know that, whatever hia shortcomings might be, it was bis pre dooe.isor that had boen maiuly instrumental in inducing him to accept the office of Bishop ot Melbourne. (Hear, 'hoar.) Ho had been ollercd tho position of Bishop of Calcutta by Lord Salisbury ; but , having given in bio adhesion to Melbourne, ho found ho could not so easily throw off his first love for tho new. (Applause.) In the addresses abso it waa stated that hia ofiico was regarded an a link in the great chain of government which coimoulcd* thecc n^cs with tho primitive tiiurs of the .Saviour, He did. not regard that n-M au empty aontimuut. 'It had n very important' bearing upon the church of their own timni If they wero asked how thoy knew that tlio oburoh had oxiated for numliers of .centuries, the best answer they could give was , that thoy could trace all the bishops of the church up to tho time whon St. Pnul told Timothy, 'See that you lay hands suddenly on no man.' If they were aSked how they knew that tbe Crown of England esereieod authority in these colonies, how could it be 'better proved than by giving a list of the Uovcruoio, first from tho date the colony was founded down totho ablo scholarly gentleman who now filled it? (Cheers. ) They had alao stated' in the address that tbe church was a compreliensivo institution. That was a pro found truth. There were reasons why it should be so — reasons deop and plain, aud proved by tbo church's history, hor forms of worship, aud her doctrinal standards' of faith. On board tho Bangalore ho ?was in company with a celebrated dissenting clergyman, who referred to this very point . on one occasion, iu the course of con vorsation. He observed, ' Your church is fortunate iu ' not having defined tho meaning of tbo word inspiration.' That they did not do so ad mitted of, there boing much difference of opinion ; but, nt tbe same time, it showed that the church was comprehensive. Iu one of the addresses alluBion was made' to the necessity of supplying persons in this colony for the ministry of the church whoso culture should be as wido and deep as would keep pace with the thoughts of the time. Ho did not know whether that was the case or not. Ho had no knowledge whatever of the ,nbility of tho clergymen of the colony, and therefore any remarks he might make could uot be considered to have an individual ap Elicntiou, Tho fow sermons, however; which e had heard here wore, in his opinion, above the average of English sermons. (Ap plause.) How waa the want of which they complained to be supplied 1 That was an important question.. . Connected .with! Ox ford there was a school of divinity, under .ProfessorB Lightfoot and Woscott, whioh ?he bolioved would turn out young men. in every way adapted for the work. But tho next question was how were these men to he brought here. Ho could not hold out the hopo of romance to thorn. He could not allow them to suppose ttiat their minis try might be attended with martyrdom, and tbut thevo was tha least probability of their being roasted and eaten. They oould only hoiuduced to come by suffioieut remunora. tiou boing secured to thorn. It was simply a question of pounds, shillings and pence. It rested with the tnemboro of the church, who might spare their pockets but starve their souls. He did not think that they should be obliged to send their clergy to be educated' in Sydney. They Bhould be able to do so here in this colony. True, thoy had Trinity College ; but of its working he knew nothing beyond this, that their young men still went to Moore College to be educated. He was, comparatively speaking, a poor man ; but he would gladly contribute £200 towards the establishment of a training institution, or college, whero their young : men would be educated for the ohuroh ; and when he got a fuller pocket ho would, if necessary, give more. (Applause.) He thought that ho could not more fittingly resume hia seat than by seriously impressing this all-important question upon their minds. Having again returned thanks for the cordial nature of Ilia recoption, Bishop Moorhouse reBumod his seat amidst great applause. Sir Wsr.STAWKi.i- then proposed the Health of the late Bishop of Melbourne, Dr. Perry, whe,'he said,had done so much for tho churoh in this colony, especially in securing the passage of the Church Assem bly Act, by whioh tho laity were regardod as forming a portion of the churoh. When i Dr. Perry took oharge of the diocese they had only, a fow churches and a mere handful of preachers. WJien be loft them thoy. had 130 clergymen, 100 lay readers and assistant^ 200 churohes, and 150 par. eohages. He had worked nobly for the church, and they would be ungrateful if they ceased to regard him. with feelings of tho deepest respect and veneration. ' The toast was very warmly drunk. Several'other toasts followed, after which the proceedings terminated. 