[ADVERTISEMENT.] The Church in Queensland. THE Ber. Dr. Hughes delivered a lecture at the School of Arts, Rockhampton, on Tuesday evening ; subject, " The Church in Queens- land." Af ter a few introductory remarks from tho Chairman (Mr. J. J. Wood), Dr. Hoghes said : In introducing this important and interest ¡Hg subject I shall first coll your attention to «hat is meant hy "the true Ohurcb." You must bc well awaro that a great deal of mis- apprehension exists in tba minds of people, [ and much confusion of language when they speak about it-it is therefore my desire to i call your attention to a plain, detailed ex- amination of this subject. And in ' doing this, I shall go at once to the Law [ and : the Testimony. Upon Ji subject like this, thc question is lint "What thinkest j thou?' but, "How re&dest; thou?" " What saith the Scriptures ?" Now, you will never find m the New Testament that tho "Church" ever means a material building, like that in ' which we are now'assembled,' It could not do so for this very good reason -. it was not till the middle of the 2nd century that buildings were sot apart and consecrated for the express and exclusive purpose of religious worship. But it «ooh became a habit to transfer the word which described the congregation wor- shipping ta the building, in. which they worshipped; and I see no reason why the word may not be used in this way, for popular convenience. But at thc saine *time it is very important to remember, that in the New Testament the word "Church" never moons the " material edifice.", The first and simplest meaning of tile word in the Now Testament is that pf a number pf people, more or lesa, assembled together ia any place, in the name of Christ, to worship. I find that St. Paul, when writing to tho Romans and sending his salutation to Aquila and Priscilla, sends his salutation to the " Church that ie in their house." In writing to the Corinthians, also, it is very noteworthy that the Apostle Paul again scuds a salutation to thc same persons : for we read in another place, quite incidentally stated, that Aquila with his wife Priscilla had departed from Italy, because that Claudius had commanded all Jews to départ from - Rome. Therefore, we find thc same persons first at Borne, and afterwards ot Corinth. In this case you find one of those singular coincidences that abound in Holy Scripture. The Apostle uses also the same words, in the some sense,, when he is 'writing his sweet end short -epistle to Philemon, he sends his greeting to him and to "the Church that is in thy house." There can, therefore, - be no difference of opinion upon this application of the word. It muBt be perfectly obvious to the meanest capacity. Now when the Apostle soys "that he gave order to the Churches of Galatia," and when he soys in another.place, "that he.was un- known by t»icn"'to the Churches in Judea," it is evident to the meanest capacitythat he referred'to congregational Churches. ' And not admit of. controversy-and if congre- gational they must have been to a certain ex- tent independent. ?' This was tile argument nsed by the great Calvin, in the early part of the 10th century, when he: set aside Episcopacy, And without doubt hs was perfectly justified in so doing, for be could not get the Bishops to advance ono step in the great work of reform. And this has pretty well been the case ever since, for when once the State exalte a man to the dignity and emoluments of a Bishopric what moro natural than that the mau should consider himself to a -certain extent bound hand and foot to support any State movement in reference to thè Church. Se becomes as much an officer of thc State os any general in the array or admiral in the navy. And if this be so, and the Bible be true, which plainly states that a man cannot serve Gad and mammon, how can we expect a bishop to be thoroughly devoted to Chirst and thc Church while his mind is in a groat measure occupied with the things of the world 1 There is no duubt tbat Episcopacy can be deduced from the New Testament, but it is Episcopacy of a certain kind-and even that is not dogmatically laid down : it is the form of government instituted by tho Apostles, but it is not essential to the existence of a Church, I need not, my friends, remind you that, there are persons amongst us who would exaggerate this amougst other things, and who would tell yo« that Episcopacy is essential to the very existence of a Church. Now these persons affirm it without any evidence from the Church pf England. That the men who framed our services did not hold this exaggerated view that they were indeed there can be no controversy, for they were in daily intercourse with tho foreign Reformers : and if you will search their writings, you will find them in agreement with thia part of their conduct. Now as the stream muet always Ïiartabe of tho nature of thc fountain, and the mit of the root, eo when you know the opinions of those who framed our formularies, it is evidently impossibly that they could hold the opinion that Episcopacy was essential to the existence of a church. What is relied upon by those who take the opposite view, is the preface before the service for the ordina- tion of ministers. But what does that preface teach t Why nothing mara than what we have asserted, aud what Calvin himself would have endorsed. It says, " It ia evident unto all men diligently reading thc Holy Scriptures and ancient authors, that from the Apostles' time there have been these Orders of Ministers in Christ's Church : Bishops, priests and j deacous ; which offices were evermore held iu ! such reverent estimation, that ¡io man might presume to execute Any of them except ho 1 were first called, tried and examined, and known to have such qualities as are requisite for thc same ; and also by public prayer, with imposition of bands, were approved and ad- mitted thereunto by lawful authority. And therefore to the intent that these orders may bc continued and reverently used and esteemed in the Uuited Church of Eugland and Ireland, no mau shall be accounted or taken to bc a lawful bishop, priest, or, deacon, in thc United Church of England and Ireland, or suffered toexecuteany of the said functions, ex- cept hebe called, tried, examiucd, and admitted thereunto, according to the form hereafter fol- lowing, or hath had formerly Episcopal con- secration or ordination." In other words he may not be a lawful minister of the Church of England and Ireland unless lie has been Episcopally ordained ; hut there ¡B not one word about Episcopacy being eaaential to tho ' being of the Church. In proof of this seo the 19lh Article, which declares, "Tbevisiblo Church of Christ is a congregation of faithfni ' men, in which the pure \\\ora is preached aud I the Sacraments duly administered, according to Christ's ordinance, in all those things that of necessity are requisite to the same." Now I have just stated thia matter plainly because . we hear so much of bishops and their immacu- late licenses now-a-days that people seem to think there must be some inherent virtue in the Episcopal license rendering the officiating Minister moro capable of performing his duties. Whereas the truth of the matter is simply thia-the Bishops generally speaking are the gilded drones in the hive (there arc cf course a few noble exceptions) and they license other drones without gilding them that is to say, a Bishop's license is too fre- quently a guarantee that incapacity shall be fed, clothed, and nourished at the public ex pense. Because a man has received tbat license he is thrust down the throats of the people-you must accept him nolans, volent you have no voice in the matter-you aro told that the man (whoever he may be) is your 1 clergyman, that he is licensed to live upon your money; that he is licensed to be clothed at your expense, that he is licensed as your pastor to preach to you if he chooses the . greatest nonsense and absurdity. Now is not this being treated more like children than men? Talk of that glorious charter of British liberties-talk - of the freedom of . English subjects--why is not that liberty ex- tended by thc National Church to her people t In the Church of Christ-in the service of Christ there should be perfect freedom. Why are lots of working clergymen treated more like slaves than free men by men occupying ' 'the position of Bishops 7 Why, when they ' jnerceive that the Church of England requires ' - ' Reformation in many serious matters do they withhold the voice which should be exortod in a noble cause Î I will tell you. They are ,;' afraid to speak-that bugbear the Bishop's j. . licence which may be withdrawn at any time and no explanation niven (bis Lordship claiming privilege) completely putting a stop tp any just remonstrances on their part. And ' ' ' the greater portion of them knowing fully well that if such a catastrophe were to happen and they were to lose their Episcopal shield they would at the same time lose their means of subsistence. They consequently become ' dumb dogs-they dare not bark-but they can bite-I eau tell you as I have experienced to my cost on various occasions. But more of this anon, I now return to the Church-the Church to which we profess to belong-the Catholic Church-that is tho Universal Church-in other words the Church of Christ throughout the whole world. The word Catholic being derived from the fi reek, and meaning throughout the whole or universal. Now there are several branches of this Catholic Church, and the Church of England -that is the Christian Church in Great Britain, end .consequently in her colonies, terme!.' the Anglican Catholic Church, ia one branch-the Roman Catholic Church iS another-the Greek Catholic another and so on-neither of these Churches is TUE Catholic Church, hut each a branch of the great Tree. The Romanists have no right, \- therefore, to the exclusive-use of tho word and we should never permit them to usurp that wtiiob belongs to UB in equal measure. \- For remember tbat if we are not Catholics wo are not Christians-as being without the pale of Christ's universal Church, We should have ' just as much right to call ourselves (I moan the Church of England) THE Catholic Church, as tbs Romaniste have to call themselves TUE Catholic Church. And it would appear just as ridiculous as to call any building in Rock- hampton or in Brisbane or anywhere THE ' Church of England. I shall never forget the amusement it caused me upon my arrival in this town to hear the wooden building which . aportionof the congregation belonging tp the Church of England DBB for their services, designated THE Church of England. Yon might jost as well call the wooden building used by Roman Catholics in this town TBE \- Church of Rome. The whole thing is so ridiculous that further comment on my part .- wovild.he superfluous. * * * * There is another point which I should like slightly to , touch npon-it is this. In early times ' churches were never nailed after men's names, not even the names of the Apostles. Our Lord commands us not to call any man master upon earth ; and when some persons at Corinth said, " I am of Faul, and I am of Apollos, and I of Cephas," the Holy Ghost and they were carnal aud not Christian. The name by which I wish to be known, and will be known, is tbat of my Master, the Lord Jesus Christ, and the Church to which I belong shall not be called after some popular m an/however good; bnt by the name of the Master 'Whom I serve. And now, brethren, before we proceed to the second part of my subject, letme affectionately ask-Do we form a part of the Spiritual Catholic Church ?- the mystical body of Christ-the blessed eompsny of all faithful people t Have we, my brethren, been quickened from a state of spiritual death T Have we been pardoned by the blood of Christ, and justified by His righteousness ? Is the Spirit of God at work within our souls : carrying on His blessed operations from day to day, enlightening our minds, awakening our consciences, purifying our thoughts, elevating our desires, spiritualizing our affections, and bringing every thought and every imagination into willing captivity to the obedience of Jesus Christ Permit me to tell you, that our salvation does not depend upon our external connection with any Church, how- ever sound, ' but upon bur vital onion with Jesus. Let ns all take care, that we have not the name without the life, the lamp of pro- fession without the oil of Clod's grace in onr ?oula ; but let ns see to it that, after careful . aelf-examination, we are in a condition truly to state, that the life we now live in the flesh ia a lite of faith in the Son of God, who , loveth us and hath given himself for us. Now in the 2nd place I wish to make a few re- marks with respect to the Church of England in Queensland. I am enabled to do so from my own personal experience of the working of the \- «aid Church in the Colony. But prior to that I may as well state that I was ordained Deacon of . the Church of England by the . , Right Revd. FranciB Jenne, Lord Bishop of Peterborough, in the Cathedral Church of Peterborough, on Sunday, the 24th day of July, in the year of onr Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four. I.was ordained Priest by the Bight Itevd. John Londsdale, Bishop of Lichfield, on St. Matthew's Day, the 21st day of Septetnhor, in the year of Our Lord one thousand eight hundred and tixty five. After being a eu rate for a year 1 was presented to thc Perpetual Curacy of Holland, m Derbyshire-I was then instituted to the Rectory nf Crowie, Lincolnshire-at the death of my father the living was sold for the benefit of the children, and I succeeded to the Vicarage of Meare, Somersetshire. T then ex- changed to London, where I officiated at Ball's Fond, Islington. For the benefit of my wife's health I removed to LUvnstadwell, a seaport town in Wales, and seeing then tbat thc stipend was very nmall I was persuaded by some friends to visit the colonies. I wrote to Dr. Bailey, the thea Principal of St. Augustine's College, and he gave me every encouragement, guaranteeing, as Bishop Tufncll's agent, to pay my passage out, and to give me a stipend of at least £300 per annum on my arrival. Having every confi- dence in tliis man's word, I embarked with my wife and family, but only to find upon my arrival in Queensland a total ignoring on the Bishop's part of all that his agent hod said and dono. This was a speci- men of Episcopal truth aud juBticc. I informed bis Lordship (by which title, hy the-hyp, he felt delighted to bo honoured, knowing at the some time that it no more appertained to bim than it did to the man in thc moon, he never hating belonged to the Honso of Peers, nor was he ever likely to be- long to it) for you aro all aware that no bishop, unless he bc a spiritual peer, has any right whatever to the title "My Lord." How- ever, I informed him of my state of im pccuninBity, and his Christian-like answer was-" I am very sorry for a brother clergy- man, bnt I am a poor mun myself and cannot pay tho money-neither do I feel myself in any way responsible for Dr. Bailey's actions, but I shall lay the matter before the Synod, which will meet in about a month or six weeks." So that my family and my Belt were to live for a month or six weeks upon nothing iu a strange land. I left the man's presence, and though repeatedly sent for by him-1 never entered it again. Here was a man pleading poverty who possessed houses and lauds to a large extent which he had acquired in this cnlony-a man who bought up shares in mines, who speculated as eagerly in corner allotments, and lent his money out at as high an interest os any usurer in the country. I ask you was this man a follower of the Apostles who spent and were spent in the cause of Christ ? I have often looked at him as he drove along tho streets of Brisbane with his young wife beside him (and he, the bishnp, nursing in his arms a little white poodle dag which ho had got tied by a piece of blue ribbon), and I have said to myself what a noble successor to St. Paul ! However, after due consideration I was prevailed upon to continue thc Free Church in Brisbane, which I did and very successfully for three years in the face of clerical scandal of the loweBt type. At first the Brisbane clergy (chiefly literates, or as they should be denominated, illiterates) vouchsafed me a species of sympathetic recog- nition-but when they found their Hocks deserting on all sides, it was war to the knife, and there was nota stone loft unturned to upset my ministry-there was not a libel sufficiently mean-not a slander sufficiently base-not a depth of falsehood sufficiently ignoble for these clerical professors of Christianity to stoop to. But recollect these things were not done openly and honestly ia the sunlight of Heaven, hut were done in the dark-the victim was stabbed when unable to defend himself-the poisoned shaft was dis- charged from the poisoned mind, that it might increase in dimensions until it should rankle and fester in the hearts of my people to the detriment of my ministerial usefulness, and to the overthrowing of the great work of awaken- ing sinners to a sense of their starving condi- tion. These men were preaching peace, peace, and there was no peace. Church of England people were leaving the old church of their forefathers, snd were seeking shelter in dis- senting churches in order mat they might obtain that bread of life for which their souls were craving. At the same time these men were dressing children in surplices, intoning or droning out our beautiful services, and in fact aping the ritual of thc Church of Rome. The people ask bread, they give them stones-tho the people require to nave preached to them Christ Jesus, and Him crucified- and they give them the 39 Articles-the people seek and demand the pure unadulterated Word of God, and they present them with a holy canon of the Charon-the people desire to have brought home to their inmost souls Jessa the suffering and bleeding Saviour-and they serve np for the good of their souls a nicely cooked homily on religion. What is the con- sequence ? People on all sides are leaving the Church and the body suffers in the secession of its members. (Concluded to-morrom.J 