A FORTHCOMING NOVELTY. PUNCH has the gratification to announce to his innumeia 1 >le friends that he has made arrangements with the managers of t le Theatre Jtoyal, who are notorious for their zeal iu the cause of colonial literature, dramatic and otherwise, for the early production of an entirely new and original five-act drama, to be entitled THE MANIAC, THE MAID, AND THE MASSACRE. As public curiosity is sure to be 011 the stretch with respect to everything connected with what cannot fail to prove to be THE GREAT THEATRICAL EVENT OF THE "YEAR, lie will so far consent to allay that curiosity and to inflame the eagerness of the whole community to witness the performance of the promised masterpiece of genius, as to publish the following : — SYNOPSIS OF INCIDENTS. ACT TH*. FIRST.. Conference of sentinels on the Treasury estrade by moonlight. Appearance of a spectre. He says nothing, but walks clean through one of the sentinels, who feels as if he had been partaking too freely of spirits. - Scene changes to a mansion at Toorak. Enter Harum Scarum in deep mourning, preceded by his step-father, mother, and butler. They recommend the young man to get a new suit of clothes and look spry. He declines. Is making too much flesh, and black causes him to appear less corpulent. Enter some old pals, who had been on the spree the night before, and, iu theatrical parlance, had " seen the ghost walk at the Treasury." Harum Scarum is struck all of a heap when he learns that it is not one of Pepper's optical delusions, nor one of the table-rapping humbug, but the genuine article. Savs lie will be there punctually at twelve. "So-long.' Next scene, between premier jeune and pretty ingenue. Former tells latter to keep her weather eye open in regard to young Harum Scarum : and if she has got him on a string, to play with him carefully till he pops the question. She winks and nods. Enter comic old man, who tells him the Sydney steamer will sail in an hour, and that he had better take liis portmanteau and jump into a cab. Gives him a heap of good advice and a bank draft. Ta-ta. Treasury steps again, ttarum Scarum suffering from catarrh. Post Office clock strikes twelve. Ghost appears in a suit of green gauze; and beckons the young man into the Treasury Gardens, where they can have a quiet confab, out of hearing of the members of the local force. Tells him his step-father is a "villyan," and that he poisoned bun (the ghost) with colonial beer, in order that lie might marry the widow and obtain the business, including a warehouse in Flinderslane. This makes Harum Scarum as mad as a hatter. Uses very strong language indeed. Calls his father "an old mole," and goes out into Spring-street and 4 ' swears at large." "Is left swearing. ACT TBK SECOND. . Harum Scarum exhibits signs of crankiness. Is in. love with tne ingenvr, but behaves very rudely to her ; grips her by the wrist; and sends her a twopenny valentine with some bad grammar ana worse doggrel in it; calls her his " moBt best," and makes a fool 01 himself generally. The comic old man tries to find out if his in tentions are honourable, but is only "guyed" in return. Harum Scarum falls in with a company of strolling players, and engages them to play " George Barnwell," at the house of his step-father, with a view to prod his conscience. Then indulges in a long soliloquy! in which he calls the old rn.au hard names, pronounces himself to be an ass, and expresses remorse for having fallen into the bad habit of cursing and swearing. ACT THE THIRD. Harum Scarum puts the strollers through their facings and talks to them d la T. P. Hill. Performance comes off. All the neighbours invited. At the scene in which the London apprentice murders his uncle, the step-father is seized with the colic, and his contortions so alarm the company that they hurry off to the cloak-room, and go home without their suppers. Some of them say it was a mean dodge of their host to save the expense of a spread. In the next scene, Harum Scarum kills the comic old man in mistake for a rat; has half a mind to stick his step-father like an Indian pig; and interviews bis mother. By this time he is so mad that he believes in Spiritualism out and out, and carries on a long conversation with his father's spectre; although the deceased gentleman is quite invisible to his late wife ; after which Harum Scarum advises his mother to separate from her present husband. ACT THE FOURTH. Harum Scarum is persuaded to take a passage for England in one of the P. and 0. steamers. Pretty ingenue goes mad in white muslin. Sings some highly improper songs, and goes out, calling for a coach. Comes in again, just as her brother returned from Sydney, with a portmanteau full of oranges aud bananas for her. She does not know him and fancies she is a flower girL Brother is very much upset. Ha,rum Scarum's step-father lays all the blame on the absentee. Boys outside are crying '' Evening 'Erali, shocking suicide of a young 'oman in the Yarra." It turns out to be the fascinating maniac. Sensation—tableau. ACT THE FIFTH. Harum Scarum having changed his mind at Adelaide, comes back. First place he visits is the Cemetery. Why not? Chaffs the gravediggers ; one of whom is addicted to conundrums and ballad singing. Harum Scarum apostrophises the skull of the oldest inhabitant, and expatiates on the ancient custom of using a dab of clay instead of a bung for casks. Grave-digger says he should like to moisten his clay by bringing' his lips to the bung-hole of a barrel of beer. Harum Scarum doesn't see it. Funeral comes up. Gracious heavens ! there is all the family from Toorak. Whose can it be ? It is that of the fair and flowery maniac. More sensation. Coffin is lowered into the grave. Harum Scarum jumps into it, so does the young lady's brother. They box for half-an-hour, when they are separated after prodigious efforts on the part of the undertaker and his men. Then the two combatants get out of the grave and rant at each other, like a couple of stonewallers on the stump. The barney ends by Harum Scarum making some uncomplimentary allusions to cats and dogs. Next scene. Collins-street swell in a plaid Ulster and a dog-fighter's hat brings Harum Scarum a challenge from the brother of the deceased young lady, challenging him to a small sword combat in the presence of the whole family at Toorak. The challenge is acceptcd. Next scene is the grand finale, in which the spectators will find the agony piled up high enough to suit the most exigent of sensationalists. The duel comes off as announced, and the police have been squared not to interfere. Step-father has secretly poisoned a nobbier of battle-axe with which Harum Scarum is expected to refresh himself during the fight. Old lady's mouth gets dry with the heat of the room and the excitement of the scene. She tosses off the tipple and it settles her. Harum Scarum is mortally wounded, but kills his opponent, and kills his step father, then dies himself to slow music. Four corpses on the stage. Stunning effect. Everybody strikes a:i attitude of horror or anguish, and the curtain falls to the Dead March in Saul. I'USCH flatters himself that this entirely new and strikingly original drama will give the author of "Humble Pie " and all other dramatists ''particular fits ;" and he expects to be overwhelmed with applications from British and American managers for licences to perform it. To all such, he begs to intimate beforehand that his terms are ten pounds a night and half a clear benefit once in three months, during run of the piece ; which if properly mounted and powerfully ') ought to be good for seven years at least. All letters must be prepaid, and enclose stamps for an answer. 