THE SIGN OF THE CROSS; OB, THE GEMS AND GLOMES OF AN ANGLICAN NO-POPBET CANON, BEING POSTSCRIPT No. 1 TO CERTAIN LAST WORDS AND LETTERS ADDRESSED TO AN ANGLICAN RECTOR. 70 Blank-street, Melbourne, 29th Sept., 1877. MT DEAR REOTOR,—If you ask me what I mean by the-gems'and glories of your Canon 30, I reply, that 1 mean thereby the state- "iaents, or assertions, or propositions, or inferences, or deductions, or conclusions, or arguments contained in that wonderful document. Gems they are of the richest and rarest Protestant lustre, dug out of dark, unfathomed mines in the- barren deserts of Lutheran - Oalvin-Cranmerism ; fl&unting; gems of historic falsehood, of logical absurdity, and of theological self-contradiction; gems worthy of the ecclesiastical coronet that crowns the brow of a " Church" roughly constructed by a triple-dyed murderer, moulded into anti- Christian shape by the blackest and most villainous of perjurers, and fostered into abhorrent national life by a profligate harlot. The gems of this canonical diadem are deceit, hypocrisy, brutish perversity, rampant impudence, calumnious malevolence, tyrant pride, savage intolerance, ignorant presumption, and a general flare all over of Covenanting cant, Puritan slang, and a sickening Cromwellian sanctimoniousness of style. These are its gems and glories. These are the precious Protestant jewels Bet into your Canon to crown the brow.of Anglicanism, in 1G04, as queen of all the heresies, though her right to be called the " bulwark Church of the Reformation" lias been, and is still, disputed by all the upBtart fungi of Beets, of which ahe has been the unmarried mother. The goldsmith work of this orown was produced by the Hampton Court Conference, and this conference was called in consequence of (he "Millenary petition," signed by 1000 Anglican ministers, against theone use of the. flign of the Cross in the Anglican services. James, the. new supreme head of thenew and never settled " Chnroh," determined tomeet tho petitlonfers face to face, M^steted"inptj'letter thA outgoing September mail. I reminded yon that this conference led to the drawing up of your 141 Constitutions Ecclesiastical," of which the st, the 30th, the Canon of Subscription, nd the Canon on the sacred secresy of the onfessional may be accepted as the chief ems and glories. I said that these Canons ed to great Puritan discontent, and the disontent led to civil wars, which led to the urder of the reigning sovereign under the sual scriptural Protestant pretences. All his sequence of events occupied a period f six or seven-and- thirty years. But these Canons led to another and far more speedy result, which you, my dear rector, ave, perhaps, never properly traced out, and may never before have heard of This other remarkable event is very well known, however, to every costermonger's son, from Aldgate pump to K&dcliffe; Highway. Every dweller along the long line of Whitechapel, every chimney-sweeper's apprentice in Bethnal Green, Spital Fields, and Blackwall have the history and the event off by heart; and so they should, for it afforded your and their " Church" a pretext a secular institution like it was eager to seize to insert one more lying page in her Book of Common Prayer, and institute a secular civil holiday in the calendar, from which she had eradicated the festivals of God's saints. Tour Canons led to the immortal wet " Gunowder riot," which didn't go off, because Sir Wm. Cecil, Prime Minister to Elizabeth, and after her, to James I., didn't intend it to go off. Remember, remember, dear rector, the 5th of November. Don't you fear, ever remember. But this is precisely the thing you don't wish to. You wish to remember St. Guy Fawke's Day and the "bloody papish design." No more. You wish to remember, remember the 5th of November because you imagine it justifies your horrible and atrocious penal laws. You wish to know nothing above the lazy scavenger who sweeps in front of London Hospital, Whitechapelroad. James published the Canons on his own royal authority and prerogative by proclamation, and as supreme head of your robber- made, adultery-modelled and bloodcemented " Church." He didn't ask leave of his Protestant Parliament, assembled March 19, 1G01. The Gunpowder Plot was " detected" inNovember, 1605; don't be afraid to remember, remember all this, my dear rector; and you may suppose that I am going away from the gems and glories of your Canon 30, and to forget them in the sputter of squibs and the martyrdom of poor Guy. Not so. But the history of both Canon and crackers requires a little elucidation, and this it shall have. You are aware that Queen Elizabeth died three hours after midnight, or at three o'clock a.m. on the morning of Thursday, 24th March, 1G03. You also know that James VI. of Scotland, son of Mary Queen of Scots, was proclaimed king the same morning at ten o'clock by the Garter King at Arms, with all his retinue of heralds and trumpeters, seven hours after the late queen had breathed her last. This proclaiming of James was in direct violation of the last will and testament of Henry VIII., who directed the crown to go to the offspring of his younger sister. But James was the offspring of the qlder sister, who had married the King of Scotland. This departure from Henry's will was mainly caused by the fear of a civil war; and the English people had been so harassed and exhausted by the "Wars of the Roses," that they were prepared to accept, and did accopt, Elizabeth, a declared bastard, in order to have a quiet succession. Elizabeth reigned 40 years, during which time the nation had recovered by rest, and had grown rich. A disputed succession might again plunge them into all the carnage and confiscations of another civil war. Therefore the Privy Council, with Cecil at its head, assembled as soon as they knew the queen was dead, and after a deliberation of some hours, they resolved to let the crown go to the elder branch, and James was. unanimously declared king. Among the ladies in waiting on the dying queen was the Lady Scrope. This lady, probably being well aware of Cecil's mind, had arranged all with her brother, Sir Robert Carey. : The moment the queen gave her last gasp, ;La4y SoropB knelt down, and, dropping her -wimplo oyer the queen's hand on which she wore her royal signet ring, she removed the ring from the finger. Then she made the appointed sign to her brother, who had all things in readiness. Sir Robert approached, received the dead queen's ring, mounted his horse, and set ofl instantly to Edinburgh. He rode all the Thursday and Thursday night, all Friday and Friday night, and all Saturday, tt. airing only short stops for rest and refreshment ; and on Saturday evening, after an extraordinary ride of 400 miles, he was kneeling, before James in Holyrood Palace,, presenting Elizabeth's ring, and aimouncing to him his accession to the powerful ana weidthy'realm of EngUnd. James wm now in his 37th year,being born inl56li. Of this period he had reigned 36 TW«, bgag proclaimed King of Scotland, 1667, Under aregency. The ldng had h^n held in anirksojna sortof bondage byiloulton, Maton, Lennox, »n4 Morray, the regenta. put they had attended jroU to his oduoaUon, which was giren -by the oelebrated aohoTar, George Biiohanan. Four days after Sir E. Carey hiA delivered the ring to James, the official messengers reached Edinburgh, to invite the new king to commence his journey to London. But James, having been more familiar with Scotch bawbees than with English gold rose nobles, was obliged to send off to Cecil for funds. On 6th April he proceeded south, and the incidents of his "progress" would be very interesting, as illustrative of thoss scriptural times. Only one or two can be given. At Berwick the king, being in an ecstacy of childlike joy at his own good fortune, shut his royal eyes, and applied the match to the first gun fired in his own honour. At York the corporation received him warmly, voted him some two or three hundred guineas, in return for which his majesty knighted nearly the whole corporation. At Newark an unfortunate pickpocket was caught picking the pocket of one of his majesty's 6uite. The king thereupon wrote out a warrant and order to the mayor of Newark to hang the poor wretch on the bridge. This off-handed Highlander's law alarmed the mayor, who contented himself with sending the pickpocket to gaol. The king occupied 32 days with his " progress" through his new dominions. During this short period he conferred the honour of knighthood on no less than 237 honest burgesses. He had sent to Cecil for the crown and crown jewels and state carriages, that the new queen, a Danish princess, might appear in full regal splendour along the route. But Cecil made _ some excuses and kept the crown and jewels safe in the Tower. On 7th May, James made his public entry into London. There- was neither mail coach nor turnpike roads in those scriptural days, nor even railroads, which some people despise as inferior to mail coaches. But time makes many ohanges. James had left Scotland, April 5th or 6th, a Presbyterian, and believing that Episcopacy was wholly contrary to the written word of God. If so, it was wholly contrary to the mind of the Holy Ghost. But, on the other hand, the Anglican bishops believed that PreBbyterianism was quite contrary to the written word of God. The Scotoh Presbyterians were '' black mouths.'' The English bishops were " black prelacy," which was rank popery. The spirit of Jane Geddes was already rising. Puritan noses are in danger of being split. Such was the truly scriptural position of the Anglican Church. What was James to do ? Between Edinburgh and London he had conversed with half the nobility, and nearly with all the bishops in England. He was dead against the Sign of the Cross when he crossed the English border; but suddenly he avowed himself an Episcopalian. Of course he had strong scriptural , reasons for changing his mind. But how about the legion of Scotch Presbyterians who didn't, and wouldn't, change? They, of course, had strong scriptural reasons for not changing. It placed the Holy Ghost in this awkward position that the word He inspired was unreliable—doubtful—indefinite. Great changes have come, however, my dear rector. For now, in our day, Presby- terianism is fully as scriptural as Episco pacy. So that the Holy Ghost is taken out of a great hobble, and in 1877 the two systems, which flatly contradict one another, are both equal in the mind of the Spirit of God. Two hundred and fifty years ago the openBible was thrown down as a defiance,- and those who opened it challenged each other to come out with culverin,and pistol, and broadsword, andsettle their "slightdifferencesindoctrine" by chopping each other like butchers, and drenohing tue open Bible in torrents of blood—scripturally, of course—and by divine inspiration. But all this was only a little Protestant mistake, arising out of a mistake in reading the Word of God, whioli was harmless,. as being the fault of the Holy Ghost, who spoke ambiguously. Now—oh ! how different from 1604 and other datesfor Presbyterian deputations think it a great honour to be allowed to enter an Episcopal synod and salute the once " black prelate" as an angel of whiteness; and the black prelate that was fallson the Presbyterian neck, and in a transport of Episcopal love hails the coming of the newest of all new churcheB, which is to embraoe in its fold the (idolatrous) "Romanist," the Dean of Westminster, Mr. Herbert Spenoer, Mr. F. Harrison, Dr. Cumming, Prophet Wroe, Jew, Turk, infidel, and some 7.00 other new " independent churches." - Oh, dear rector, what droll wags Bome of your bishops are, laughing solemnly in the faoes of their Presbyterian brethren, and singing same evening at the synodieal banquet psalms and hymns with a oUorue which might be easily mistaken for " Tol de rol de ridle lol, Tol de rol de rido." Great ohanges since Glaverhouse was forcing the love of Episcopacy somewhat prematurely on he Scotch hill folk with his dragoons. No one knows with certainty how or when James adopted Episcopalian views. It is oonjeotured that Dr. John Whitgift, Arohbishop of Canterbury, and : Dr. Biohard Banoroft, Bishop of London, were the ohief instruments in the,king's conversion. Whitgift was .now oyer seventy and had been twenty years archbishop,under Elizabeth. He was a man. ol .profound learning, great probity and prudence, .Bancroft wag still in the prime of life, Very, learned, -very ze'alous.very eloquent, being one of thebeat debaters in theconvocation, a -man -fit -generous heart; . Certain it. is lames soon'deolared for Episcopacy, assign-, ing tiis reasons to bB that it was " no bishop, no kingf"and, theMillenarypetition gave him the opportnnity to show ofl bis controversial iktU in favour ,of his new opinions. I hare now go$ baok to the gems and glories 61 foot Oanon 80, whiob I ehalLtafee.a littto onble to analyse, and submit the reioltt* jour ftttantUfa aoniideration. r. Pimm 