THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (published daily.) JZfKttGSXOS; oc& 2xgh1s, A2TD ocr k2soc2czs. SANDHURST. THURSDAY. SUITEZl, 1S7T. PRESERVATION OF FORESTS. If tbwe is ou6 tiling more tbau another that requires to be promptly and peremptorily dealt with it is the_ preservation of growing timber, especially in the vicinity of the gold fields. For years past we have dwelt on the importance of this matter, and have endea- ToTed by every means in our power to arouse , the authorities to a sense of their responsi- bilitv with respect to it. Spasmodic egbrts | have been made by them to subdue the evil, but in such a weak and. hair- hearted manner as to suggest that iaey care very little whether ihey succeed or not. It is quite pos sible tliafc this apparent- feeling of' indifference may be engendered " by [ the difficulties with which the protection of the young trees is surrounded. It certainly requires great vigilance to prevent their destruction, but it is surely not because the exercise of great care and constant watchfulness is required , that nothing at all should be done. It is well known, that the felling or sapbn^ wherever ! they exist is carried on to a great extent, and the detection and punishment of some c.i ihe delinqaentrf need not■ be 3 difficult -matter. The, making of sharp examples, whenever persons can be convicted of illegally cutting down trees,woaId have: a very salutary effect. . The rapid denudation of forest lands in a country like this;' in which the domestic supply of fuel is limited almost entirely to wood, is a matter of "such a very serious nature as to demand that the most strenuous steps should be taken to. prevent its being .proceeded with'in a wanton and unnecessary manner. At the same time every thing,pos sible should be done to; encourage and pro mote reproduction. It is grievous, there fore, to find that little or nothing is being idone to keep mischievous hands off the grow ing wood in the immediate neighborhood of Sandhurst which might be watched without involving auy.verygreat amount of labor' or j expense. It will be asked, we suppose, on whom the duty devolves. - The Woods and Forests authorities will look -probably to - the police; and vice versa. The former will, no doubt, plead dis ability through impecuniosity, andf. ;£he hitter' inability from want of numerical strength, and on the ground of having ,tljeir hands full and their time occupied with.Jbtlier affairs. We do not offer to say how far such excuses may be. found to hold. good. We only know that something ought to be done, and as the Mayors of Sandhurst and. Eagle hawk, aiid the Presidents of surrounding \- shires, should ■ take : an interest" in, such^ matters, they might, .we should .imagine, otitof their combined wisdom, devise some means for preventing the con tinuation of the eviL -As to the police, we do ;iiot know that it is strictly their duty to look after such . things, .although "when private^property is invaded, as we hear is sometimes the case, for; the purpose of cutting and stealing the young timber grow ing thereon, they might certainly endeavor.to exert themselves for the detection of the offenders, as well as of other thie ves^We may ask'whether the Grown lands bailiffs and Jailgers arc attending to their duties in this important respect. We see that several per sons were brought up at the Eaglehawk Police Court'a'day or. tiv'o since charged with reuttiilg, do£n trees on Crown lands,! and that fines were . inflicted upon them by the bench. So far,this is as it should be; but notwithstanding, the extent to which the offence is carried on, the magistrates are not troubled mueli with £aSg§ of" the kind. We B{)8afe under correction if our memory is at .fault, but we do not remember; any such charges being laid before the' Sandhurst bench' for 'some months,; and in" the mean time the destruction of saplings lias been going on in the vicinity, iiv. a wholesale way, and cartloads of young wood are frequently Men passing through the streets.1 It is here that we think the police might properly, and certainly without extiu.exertion,.offer inter ference. It would be easy to demand from a carter.where he obtained his loading, and ithus to ascertain whether it was legally come by or not. '•;] Bnt/phdoubiediy it is a duty which the ; Department of Woods and Forests owes to the State, to take care that the natural and artificial renovation of our forests shall re ceive due protection! The destruction of the new growth is not a grievance of yesterday, nor evenof: last year: It has been going on fpr many years, and yet it still remains nn" checked to such a degree that the stolen pro ducts ofthe despoiled woods are openly carried with impunity to the public market*. It may V'cli :be asked, to use an Americanism, why • this should be thus I Is the local board, appointed a considerable time since by Mr. Casey, defunct! We have not heard any thing of it for a long while. A\ e know that it has bemoaned its existence as a farce, because it was not supplied with the sterling Wherewithal to carry out its supposed functions. But, whether it has absolutely given up the ghost, or has simply sunk into inaction through vexation or despair, is one of those interesting questions which it would satisfy an anxious curiosity to have answered. The idea of its creation was an excellent one, but, if it was not given the power to perform the offices delegated to it, its creation certainly was of little use. It would be well if local boards of the kind were so endowed as to enable them to work efficiently for the public good. It is absurd to call them into being and to leave them powerless. They cannot work without offi cers, and officers neither can nor will work without pay. In conclusion, therefore, let us say that, whilst the local authorities of all kinds, who can or may raise their hands for the remedy of the grievance to which we are calling attention, should do all in their power to that end, the central Department of Woods and Forests should bestir itself in the matter and exert its potentiality for the preservation of the growing timber on the public lauds of the colony. Arj:ivai. or 'ini: Knumsh Mail.—The R. M. S. Itongalore passed Cape Borda ycsterdr}* morn ing at half-inst four o'clock, ami reached Cleiiel^ a iitth: after o:i? o'clock. The ISan^alorc left Calle tin the l2ud .I une. A telegraphic summary of the Kur"])jau news will he found elsewhere. Cirv I'ttLK F. CmI'kt.—The Mayor (Mr. K. Xeillj and Mr. i'ioldswurth, -It.I'., attended at this court yesterday. One drunkard was dis charged. and another, who had to he conveyed t<» the h»ekuo in a cah. which h<-" damaged in transit, was tilled with 7s. (id. coal.H. lie was picked up <>n tin* pavement- at View Point, and at 'he time of his arrest had tT».~ I -Is. (>d. and a u"-»ld watch in hi.-; p'-ssv.^inn. J. M'Clcl land and Co. v. S. T. Ileal*---;--oonds, i'l .1<. Hd.; ordt r for the amount and cosU. M. llarcourt v. T. C"rhyn—work ami lah.ir, t'C; order for the- amount. u irh 1-V. !M. eo-t;. !.» two ca-s-.s there v.a- iiu ;»jtp*.ranee, and o::oe.v-j<j of a breach of the <*ity l>y-l;ov relr-.tin^ to do^>, was adjourned till Friday. Lscitke.—Wast is likely to prove a ~o. interesting and instructive !tw;r=_ tuI r-t^-e iirered 0:1 Monday eresisg rext ov t::■:■ i.e. J. J. HaEey, of Wiliiaskitcws, tL. t-e C'.-zzt gaaocil Church, Forest-rtrfr;:. ine rer. gentle man wfii describe the places a=d y-.gfits u.\ faim iaringa recent trip K> the =M co^rtrr. sac his weil-inowo .abiHtte* •-= & ie-ct^rer shcm-a sscaie'Hm:a good attract re. _ _ , _ \- A Foousa r'Eixojr.—A man was rotwa aoon; fc^-pos»eleveh o'clock or. Tcesday night insen sibly drnnic, and lying on tie pavement _ at ^ View. Pointy and, when he was search edat the lockup, -wis found to have in his possession_no !"g« a sum of money than £55 14— 6d.,besides a sold watch. He wu bronze', ip at the City P.Tlict C-onrt yesterday, and fined 5s. and Is. j o L costs, his "Worship the Mayor. remarking thai it was 'an exceedingly " fortunate thing for I him that the noliceThad Picked him up ana taken care of him. As Hdible Koot.—The toflowing .rather 'j^—liir notice "srxsobgervable yesterday at the ihop . o£.... Mr. , Cariwiight,horiicaltarist, in ilitcheH- street It 'was attached to a piece of the root of a; tree about 3.inches in dijuneter, with a brownish bark, "not unlike that ef wattle. —"Whilst bread is so dear, this /would be a great saving to" those having a* large family. Cat ami try." The rootwas soft tocut, andot a sweetish, taste,: evidently containing - a con siderable jiroportioa'of glntea and saccharine matter,/, and on inquiry was found' to pe a portion of the root of a Tasmaman curTajong tree.' Mr. Cariwright states ihai it ma«Le3 a \ capital addition to soaps or hashes The inner bark, when partially dried, is very strong, and cm be twisted into toleraWy good twine. _ The tree itself is not very large, and principally I atfects the shady and damp sides of galhes. < The Rifle Vou;»TKERS.^;There was a very, good.- master of -members—about seventy--— at last evening's parade of the Bendigo Rifle C^rps, -who were .told" off into two companies under the respective charges of Captain Ander son and Seigeaat Show. The column was-; marched to the Lower Reserve, opposite the ] Mall, and, there drilled'by Captain Blackham in. a number' of battalion rooveinients at the " q.iick " and " doable." which were exceedingly well and smartly, executed; It was an nounced by - Captain r' Blackham that a ba» talion. parade would take place at Castle maine next Monday, the Bendigo Rines "failing in at the railway station" at a quarter io seven o'clock- ' Forage caps would be worn, and . as that parade would be the last for the present financial year every man would be - expected' to" be present in orderto make them selves "effective." After parade a meeting of the match committee wa3 he'd, when the secre ary, .Corporal O'Brien; tread a;lett«: from the Kmerald' Hill' Artillery', suggesting "that the annual match .with the Bendigo Rides, should take place at "Sandridge' on Saturday, 30th inst It was agreed to fire the match on the •lay named,' and the following were chosen a* the team to represent the corp3:—Sergeant ajor Martin, • Sergeants j-J.-and C. Fly, Corporals O'Brien'aud Thomas; Privates David son, Dodgson, Hadden, Hall, Hope, Smith, and iVilkinson. Emergency—Adams , and Stone, i he members comprising the team are to start »y the first train on the day-named. - The third competition for Major Joseph's trophy was fixed for Monday, 9th July,*! competitors " for the morning squad to enter with lieutenant Metcalf on the Saturday previous; the ranges being the -j^inc as previously—400* ®00, 600 yards; n ve shots at each. The handicaps were revised, ■nd after some routine business the meeting adjourned. Quarterly Foresters^ Mekttsg.— The iuart«rly . summoned meeting ot the Court ^aeen'of the Forest, A.O.F., was held in the :.»nrt-room, Bendigo Hotel, on Tursday evening last ■''Upwards of one hnndred members wera .iresent, and tho business transacted was the receiving: jof: the auditor*' report and balance jhcet, election of officers, snrgeon, etc.; also the election of delegates -to the district court meet ing in July. The officers from Court Bendigo.. incl Court Alexandra were present, and went aordiaily-receiTed, with the-usual'.honors. 'After rea'ling the correspondence, and passing the iccounts for payment, the: auditors' report and balance-sheet were raid by Br». G. W. Schultz. enior ; auditor, which, certified to the correct ness of the books; etc., and showed the amount of £965 os. 7cL cash balance, most of which is ienfc?itpon .good lecurity..at a .fair; rate of in terest. The balance-sheet also showed an in crease in the funds of £37 Is. 6d.- One case oi distress had been relieved. . Th® total sick pay -Jamounted to £37 ' 6s. * Sd. One death had oc "cuiTed, - aud^ seven riew members had joined, \- making'the number riow 186 financial members. The report and balancfe-sheet were received and adopted. The election of. officfers was then proceeded with, ahd;resulted as follows:— iiro. John Rutherford, C.R.; Bro, John Groh •»ury, S.C.R.; Bro. George Barlow, S.W.; Bro. Ohas. BoxaU, J.W.; Bro. John Waller, secfe tary; Bro. John Melbourne, treasurer; Bro. Fredk. Meunhoeffer, S.B.; Bro. Willoughby Pain, /.B.; Bro. David Rutherford, sub-secretary; Dr. H. L. Atkinson, surgeon. Bro. John Mel r.ise, P.D.C.R., and.Bro. Robert . T. Barlow, •"'I'.aKT were elected delegates to attend the quarterly district meeting to be held in July. ' ilie newly elected officers were duly installed. A vote of thanks was accorded- to the retiring .^'officers. 1 The name of Bro. Frederick Meun n>e!fer, the retiring C:R.; was ordered to be .)Liced on the Respect Bdard, ind the usual honors were awarded him. In "speaking to the .ote of thanks an old meinlwr expressed ths pleasure he felt in complimenting the retiring J. R. upon the very efficient manner,in which he had conducted the business of the court, and •,rusted it would give confidence to some of the young members to aspire to office. The ^ re .iring officers replied in suitable terms. The dearance of I^ro, John Campbell, of Court Hope if ;Deumark, was accepted, and six new mem bers were proposed. The receipts of the evening .unbunted to £5S 13s..7d. The Cajstlemaint Rtprtttntal'trt of last night ■ays that Mr. James Farrell, M. L.A for this "district is nor improving, and that grave doubts .is to his speedy recorery are entertained. I The Weather yesterday was cheerless and ;.->ld. Late in the night a constant drizzle set in, which Continued tip to the time we went to j jress. The district-surveyor, Mr. A. Black, 'ivea the rainfall in the .Sandhurst district from 'he 1st of January to the 19th of the present month as 15.23 inches. Electoral District of Mandcp.axo.—It is notified by Mr.'G. I'. Marrack, the registrar, that supplementary lists for the Manduran^r division of the electoral district ot Mandurang lie at his office for inspection and sale. A Dangeuour VTatf.kiiole.—A correspon dent writes stating that there is a hole full of stagnant water near Bridge-street, which is not only a nuisance, but extremely dangerous to children who have to pass by it. Our corrs „l>riiident represents that a number of persons in the locality have horn summoned and compelled t» liil np dangerous hnlts oil their propertj, ami he considers it very unfair that tho inspector «f nuisances does not compel the owner of the land on which the nuisance complained of exists to remedy the evil. He thinks the inspector's apathy arises from the circumstance that a city councilor is the proprietor of the allotment in question. Service ok Sacred Song,—The residents of the White Hills hiimlet were treated to a musical entertainment of a somewhat rare cha racter last evening, when a service of sacred song, illustrative of "Daniel," was given at the local Baptibt Church. There was a very good attendance, the church being well tilled— a circumstance which i* rendered doubly grati fying from the fact that the proceeds are to be devoted to the benefit of the Bendigo Hospital. The Rev. S. Adamaon officiated as reader, and Mr. W. M'Kinun as organist. Both these gentlemen, the latter of whom resides at Castle maine, attended at much inconvenience to them selves, and are therefore entitled to some praise for the efforts they made to make the alfair a success. The following was the prnsramme gone through Anthem—" Oh how amiable are JL'liy dwelling" and " Where hast thou gleaned to-day," choir; hymn-—" When as we sat in Babylon;" anthem—"I will lift mine eyes unto the hills" and "Yield not to temptation," choir; round—"Like as a father," Mrs. Marks, and Misses Schleiger and Williams; solo—"Consider the lillies," Mr. W. Pallet; anthem—"Incline thine ear," choir; solo—"0, when wilt thou come to me,'' Miss Baker; solo and chorus—" Dare to be a Daniel," Misr. Wil liams and choir; solo—"Absalom," Mr. W. Pallett; anthem—" Awake, put on strength," choir; solo—"Almighty Father,"Miss Svhlciger; anthem—"Awake, awake," choir; solo— "Tired," Miss Baker; anthem—"Sing, O Heavens," choir; solo—"Abide with inc," Miss Williams; "The bright for evermore," choir. The programme was carried out in a manner most, satisfactory to the audience, and it was rendered apparent by the way in which the different nnmbers were sung that much .me had been spent by the different singers i.. re hearsing. The choir, which was under the con ductorsliip of Mr. K. Marks, deserves credit for the manner in which the members acquitted themselves. The entertainment throughout was a very pleasing olio, and as the coffers of the worthy institution in aid of which it was held are not in the moat flourishing state, we should like to sec the oxamplc taken up in other quarters. The amcunt raiBcd is not yet known, but as the expenses were remarkably light, there, will proljablj" remain about £G or ill to hand over to the institution. Mektisu This Day.—South New Moon, Mann, 4.30. The Latf.' Detective Black. — A gentleman who knew the late I leteetive Black intrnately (says the A;,r), denies that he nmuwl a fortune of i'S.OOO by reward:! in connection with his c:illi'.g. The i.iclare, he :;.ivh, that in the iirsl instance Black led a penurious life. lie tlieu speculated in l>.u:ii of Hope share*, and. b»i»g sn ;■.'.-ssful, bought *>00 ("ileal Kxten.led .'!i:>tL r's at 7--'. <>d. per shave, just before the company struck gohl. Hence hi.. D')sse-.:iou of so large a sum at his death ;u £8,UU0. Accidest.—The Stbasiian corresp--2 :.e-T of the Esilehcarl Ltadfr writes:—""* -v-Iti feeliags of regret that I chronicle a.verT seH'-ss aod whst might haye_ P\?T, n ;v«.ieai to a miner aimed Michss. Kenncs, tin" o'-oved at the Frederick the Great claim nere. It i Drears the shift the ajuotfanfi^e man was in •went" to work about 11 o'clock^ oa.^taraav akin. and thotuothiog nnnsual ' occorrea fill atv»ot 3 o'clock on Sunday niorningi any kimij a WMrtgf . ^ ~ " . , cwt, shooed out ot the face, _aboat txve zee from the Ijotiom, and coining in;contact witn Rennes.in its'descent, knocked.* him down, and censed a simple ftacture of the left leg aboa* fire inches above the kcee._ ' He knew at once his leg was broken, and iniormed_ his mates o the sad act They lost no time in raising him to the surface, and carrying him home on a stretcher. Dr. Thorn, of Eaglehi«fk,^as or&mpily; in attendance, and set the iractared ies. ..The- unfortunate-patient and- to large family are much sympathised with, he being a verv steady, sober,, and indnstrioas man, res pected by all who know him, and the sole sup port ot his family." - • .• ; V - RaH-vtat Acctdest.—At the proper fime, S.45, on Taesdav evening the express train (says the Sobart Totcn -Mercury) had not arrived, bu». intimation was given that it would-reach-tne rtation at 10.45. At that hoarnothingwas made knowii of the continued - delay, and_xno train did not reach the station till one^o clock 'next morning,;-when we learned1-that^ three tracks having, by the breaking of a pin, become detached from a 'ballast train inear the tunnel, ran down the incline* gathering speed as_tne\ went long, till one of the trucks going oil the rails, the three,were overturned, blocking ap the line. Hie men on the trucks, seeing the danger, jumped off; with the exception of one man,- who stack to the truck on winch he was, and was "considerably hurt when the overtoil!^happened. The express train coming up was detained till the line, wa? cleared; and-brought Mv.tb£- injured nun/'whn, hn the arrival of the train, was*con veyed in-a <sJ) to theTiospital. --Mr.-.firan^r^ras oh the express train and great care had heen taken in conveyingthe snlferer who jwas pro vided with a mattress,: and carefully placed in the guard's van, so'as to give biin'as little pain as possible. No one else was hurts •; The s mall train that left at 7 p.m. suffered no detention, bat reached Antill Ponds in due course. A Cvriovs Case.—An action was brought in the County Court on Tuesday (says the^njiM) by Mrs. ilary E Dobson to recover £49 dama|es from Mr. John Davis., a carter of Sandridge, for aflezei malicious prosecution. The action arose odt«f?<KsFltc*,,'Ms?ec? .to a; aopeared from the. evidence that *oii the 19 th ilarch last the^plaintiff-was serving in thee bar ofthe Gipps Land Hotel, Sandridge,-which war kept by her daughter, and that Davis went into the house and called for two glasses of' ale,;, one tor himself and one for' another man--who was With him. .He put. down' a bank notetand re ceived 19s. 8d. back, :the note having,"according to .plaintiff, been cashed for her by. a third in an, who was in the bar, because' she had not^isilver enough to .cash it herself, but, acwrding to Davis, Tiaving been put by her into her . pocket. Davis, after he got the 19s. S<L change,-saidthe note was a £5 one,' and as she "would not-gi^e him change . for a note of that/description" he prosecuted her at the Sandridge Police Court for stealing the note, but the ca3e ^ was dismissed. Mrs. Dobson then summoned him to the same -ourt for perjury,"and that case was dismissed jrithout prejudice, owing to a necessary witness being away. The next action in reference to the lote was that Davis sued Mrs. Dob3on in ' the Jounty Court: for. the: difference'between the ,-alue of.the two notes, and his Honor: Judge, t'ohiman gave a verdict for the. defendant with wsts, is he considered the evidence was in her favor. She then commenced a suit against Davis io rec-Vver damages for malicious, prosecution, and the case was Heard on Tuesday. -A good deal if evidence was taken, and his' Honor Judge ?ohlman.after hearing it, said he still held to '-.he opinion that the woman had only received^ a i £1 note. Healso thought-she was justified in wringing the action for malicious prosecution, and te therefore returned a verdict in- her favor tor. i49,' the amount claimed,' with costs.'" ' - The Detectives Foiled.^-At the City Police; •Jourt on Tuesday (says the Age), John Sherry, John Smith, and•' Catherine Smith,- his wife, .vere charged with having no lawful visible neans of support. It appears that the detec :ives have had these three under surveillance for some time, but the present case against them >roke down. They had made an appointment vitli a man named Grant to meet him at an lotel in Melbourne, where they proposed to leece him of hia money by means of the match >ox trick. Detective Forster, however, .inter joscd and prevented the swindle. When ar rested, Smith had £22 10a., hia wife £S I0i, iml Sherry £1S 10s. in their possession. In iddition to these amounts, a deposit,receipt for i409 on the European Bank was p'roddced in ;ourt and handed up to the bench, to' show that ,hey had plenty of means. . .. , - ..V! j . The Defences of the Coloxy.—^ir Wm. fervois and Colonel Scratchley, R.E., were the. ruesta of the mayor of Melbourne at a quarterly Iinner given at the Town-hall on Tuesaay even ing. His Excellency the' Governor was also present, and in replying! to the toast of his health, remarked that his official despatches ;ave him the assura::ce that there was no danger if Great Britain being immediately Involved in var with any maritime power. He added that Sir Wm. Jervois had imparted to him the wel come news that he was convinced that this port ;ould be effectually defended at a moderate cost. \\{r. Berry, who followed, made a statement .vhich was received with much applause, that if the report of Sir Wm. Jervois was anything like that which the gallant oflicer had submitted to ! the Government of New .South Wales, | ilinisters would be prepared to endorse i it, and to urge Parliament to provide the | necessary funds for giving immediate effect to j :he scheme. Sir William Jervois stated that ho | ■vas not prepared to apeak at present, as his , Inspection wa3 not completed, bat he gave the ' issuranee that he would not advise the eon- : .tructionofaQyoneunnecessary work. Sir William : Jervois said that, as an adviser in England on j the subject of defences, he had received valuable : lid from Colonel .Scratchley, and that he w.is j ,'lad to be associated With that officer in his ; Australian labors. j The Grexvills Eleciiok.—An amended jetition a"ainsc the return of Mr. D. M. Davios for Grenville has been presented to the Speaker, ind is published in a supplement to the Govern n<n' 'favJl-: i3-med on Tuesday evening. The •rounds of the petition are that Mr. Davies was Sn'i'ialilied to be elected a member of the Legis lative Assembly inasmuch as ho was at the time of his nomination, election and return, regis tered as a minister authorised to eelebrate marriages, and that as a minister of the Con gregational denomination he in diver.! ways exercised the functions of a minister between the 'no ith of August, 18(57, and the 19th of May, 1877\. The petitioner prays that Mr. Davius may be declared by the Elections and Qualifi cations Committee as being uii'[ua!iliod and in capable of being elected a member to serve in the Assembly, and that Mr. R. H, Lock may be declared to have been duly elected. The name of the petitioner is Frederick Faleonbridge, who describes himself as an ironmonger, carrying on business at Jiintingbool, near Smythesdale. A Richmond Ghost.—The Richmond (Vir ginia) Whin of the 26th April says:—A rumor has been in circulation in the city for Beveral weeks past that has caused no little nervousncs-; among the superstitious, especially those of_ the gentler sex. The basis of this story is:—Not a ■Teat many years ago a young and beautiful Fady, who came here ou a visit to friends, dur in" her sojourn was taken to one of the large manufacturing establishments upon the James River to see the machinery of the manufactory in operation. While going through, the estab lishment she ventured too near a line of hori r.outal shafting, and her clothing becoming entangled in one of the pulleys, she was lifted from the floor, thrown a distance of 15 or 20 feet, terribly crushed, and killed. This was many years ago. Since that event transpired the husband of the unfortuna'e lady has removed near this factory, and for the past few weeks rumor has it whenever he visits the scene that witnessed the horrible death of his wife, whether it be in the day or night, he sees what is to all appearances his former companion in life, in flesh and blood. The ghost or spirit, or whatever it may be termed, has ou several occa sions remained near him until he moved toward her, when she or it would quietly glide away in dim distance. These unnatural visit3 from one who has been dead for more than fifteen years have not onh' been witnessed by the husband, but by many others who kn«w the lady well during her life, and vehemently assert that they have witnessed all of these visitations. Tho story, whether it is true or false, has caused no little excitement amongst the friends of the parties most intimately connected with the affair. Two I!right Boy.s.—Young Victoria is not likely, we (BalUirat Star) think, to number a love for intoxicating liquors amongst its vices. It certainly takes to its pipe a little too early, but is on the whole safe from the bottle. How ever, occasionally our boys evince, perhaps, an inherent fondness for "malt," and a rather amusing instance of the fact has just come under our notice. A few days ago two urchins, scarcely four feet high, presented themselves at the bar of an hotel not a hundred miles from this otlic". ''Two pints of beer," said one, pitchini' his ischuol satchel into a corner and a shilling on to the counter; "and make it 'two ;>ie-,' " added the other. Mine bust, recovering from his surprise, explained that he did not st-rve b:>y:<, and pointed significantly to the water buttle. The hint was not taken a3 in tended. " Oh, come on, Ted," said he with the .shiiliiiu'. " Hang the old buffer; let's go and "ive them a turn at the ' threepenny shops." " And off the urchins went, just two lengths ahead of t\je landlord's riding whip. 