Soenes in Orate. On the day following our arrival wo shoulder our guns, and strike off for tho Akrotiri, peninsula. To say truth, sport-does not so much enter into our minds as a desire to coast along this famous bay of 8uda, and examine a harbour in importance and in safety second to uouo in tho Mediteranean Son. ,-nd it wits well so, for neither fur nor V\oather did we see throughout the long day. We did not expect big g&iiio; f for had not Fococko nlroady written, "As to wild beauts, I could not bo in formed that they have any other ox- cept tho goat and tho haro?" But ' this barren, thirsty highland did not even show these ferocious animals, nor did a single bird rise within our sight Yet were we woll repaid. At firBt our way lay along tho cliffs overhanging the bay. Then we turned, passing at rare intervals half-desorted villages, and still walled convonts, to einorgo again near the extremity of the peninsula. Hero and there a peasant tilling the soil looked up and bade ub good day. But desolation and silence ruled supreme for tbe dry soil scarce repayB culture, and the cistern water ie too scarce to be used lor gardens. In many places we found limekilns, whore tho limestone rock is broken up and burnt, and " oreta " or lime is mado. Evidently this peninsula was once an islaud, and geological proofs show how it was raised by successive up-hoavings. But our object is not to geologise, but to visit the ruins of the ancient city of Minoa, and thence to observe tho bay. We reach the village of Sternos, through . narrow bridle-paths betwoon thick stone walls; and ou the hill-side to wards the boy we find some relics of the ancient walls, stretching from a circular tower downwards towards a most remarkable deep circular basin, which once was the port of the city. Of profound dopth, this basin seems to have been the crater of a volcano, and is now completoly closed in by a semi circular reef of rocks. High up ou the hillside we throw ouraolves down to reBt. A fresh air was blowing on tho hilltop, hut calm and unruffled at our foot lios tbe Bay of Suda. From its entrance to the end, where it washes a salt-marsh, it is four and a half miles in length, while from shoro to shore its width is about a mile and a quarter. Imme diately below us, fivo hundred yards from the Akrotiri shore is the Island of Suda, and the clear water eh.ows a reef running ont to it, to any but craft of light draught. I wo and a half cen turies ago, Rycaut wrote that this pas sage was fordable, but the chart shows in places four fathoms of water. From our high position we look down into the island, and see the old masonry fortifi cations which the shells of modern artil lery would convert into splinters more destructive than tho shells themselves, and the guns behind the thin parapet look like toys glittering in the sun., Strangely picturesque it is, this island, which tho Venetians retained for long yerrs aftor tho mainland had passed " into Turkish hands. Until tho other day a fishing village stood within the ramparts, but some four years since the Turks razed it to the ground, as inter fering with some projeotod fortifications and transported to the mainland the in habitants, whose forefathers had lived for centuries, aye, and for thousands of years,, upon this little rock. But in true Turkish style, the works have never been begun. . . . "Wherever wo went in the country — whether on the hilltops among the villagers, or on the plains among the olive groves, however beautiful the land through which we rode — a sense of silence and of deso lation) oppressed us. Everywhere are the ruins of forms; tho villages are thinly peopled ; one hears no murmur of voices, no laughter or shouts of ohil- dren. The few peasants who are seen wander about listlessly like ghosts among deserted halls. Insensibly tho silent Elysian fields prosent themselves before our mind. For the waves of Btrife and battle that have passed over this beauteouB isle have swept away the flower of all its manhood, and the rem nant that is left is watched and held in check by armed men. For nearly seven centuries Crete has been ruled by force, always striving to exchange its exist ng government for another. — Blackwood's Magazine. 