ROWIKC AND SAILING NOTES Br 0. A. E. !Hfe offseason growing lias come upon as with avengeance. Those who a fortnight ago saw the platforms in. front of the sheds crowded with lasers of the sporty some active, but the majority passvdy watching and commenting upon the actions of their more energetic brethren, would scarcely credit their senses were they to look at tHfrsame place now.-. Quiet reigns around, broken onlj bj the mirth of an occasional pleasure party starting from the other side of the iwer. An apparition cf a well-known in dividual denominated 'Daddy' may be seen Borering about ready to assist any rowing man wba. ventures down to the scene of his recent tmnisg and labor. While sitting on the steps in '??? frsnfof Edwards's boathouse the other men may generally be seen smoking and lazily waiting till someone tarns up; with a wife or a sister, or per haps & 'lady, friend' to take for a row. In start, the view from Prince's-bridge at five cftlock in the afternoon reminds one that our rowing world lies for a Ehort time dormant, &n;& ia that condition it. will remain for. a week or s» at leasts The. Yarra has been much impanel this season by the cutting short of the long Branches of the overhanging willows. These trees were a great nuisance last season, as many mil camember,, nut only: by practically lessening the width of the streamJuut also by obscuring the Tiew round the^orners, and so rendering collisions jjjncn more imminent Then again, the opera tiens. of the rowers may now bo seen from the bank, with tolerable' ease, whereas in former timer one not only had to twist about in all shapes and forms to dodge the branches, but often a sharp run was necessary in order to\ reach a clear plica to renew observa tuna.. The -nest improvement I hope to see ? twooght abort, is the cleansing of our river. We 899-agood deal about this subject occasionally in tiic corresponding columns ot our papers, and Sometimes the corporation take the matter into caaaidenitioD. But hitherto, unfortunately, all consultations on this subject have failed. The p&Ufltofc; of oat river have obtained inch a hold on1 their right of rendering the water disgusting th&iit; seems a most difficnlt problem . how to stop ihem. Then there are all the dead carcases that on&a;«5 floating down towards the Falls-bridge. I: havft often thought that it the ghost of all the dogs; drowned, in that river were t« rise. again; we should nave no room for them in \- y&etAii;'Ju A. strong feeling of curiosity as to itharfr they all come- from often almost overcomes lay eegugoance at the unpleasant odor arising from tltam. If we could only do away with these and.1 the- fellmongeries our rivers wonfd be simply beaatifal, and when a capsize took place there iroafci be no fear of one's head coming up along side of some fearful jshopelees carcase* as mine ban dose before now. I fear,, however, that thesa ' blessed' dreams' will sever come to j-ass, aad;tiatswe shall have to baquito satisfied if the X&ra; uoei not grow worse than ifc is now. Qot neighbors of Albert I'ark seem hard at work ov« their coming regatta,. Both. e&Uing; ; and towing bp&te; may be seen on the lake almost at all times, tending, to make a lively, pretty scenes where-ap ti&qnite; recently the Eurround inga were an eyesore. Mr. Van Wycfc, who, has ieoeotl« retired from, the secretaryship of the regatta committee over there, seems to have been tfae - osJy gentleman connected with the affair mth enough rtenetration, to see that the pre sent fixed time is a moat inconvenient one; for the- regatta. Toe committee don't Beam, to think that ail. the dabs have done enough hard rowing for a month or two, and that it t&y;'^put off their gala, till the spring their eatry lists would be fall, and plenty of exciting con* taste would of necessity cniue. As it is, there will most likely be awry poor.ebow. Mr. Vau Wyck foresaw alt this, auo, vory properly, withdrew feom ail connection with, the affair when lie found Iris, good common-seni'e woald not bo listened to. : Many of oar readem will have already ssea that, ijbe; Murray cut* were met at Echuca, by some gBBtUtaen and a, brass band. The crow wore es corted' in tbis wine, to-a hotel, where ^jipropriaU) toasts and speechee were made. If these men -were-, ditqu&lifled;*. as, perhaps they will be, I -wonder whether tlus brass band and the gentle* men will.be called, into rcrinuitionjtgain. i At the latttmoelinj' ot the Victoria- Hawing Association, ? held' on 20tli March, the matter of' ' disqualifying this Murray crew wa»jp*«tpcnicd for (t,foi*uigbt foctho collection of eTidence,#o that on. the evening. of. the, 9:h we. may expect to hear «Ueirfate. , ,i, ,' - ? J'.ft serjesr of -interesting and pretty races took jlMb on- Saturday; mi the Albert; Park lake ? ?(torling) from Edward's boat bouse» The first ?wasa sohiliogTaee for a gold' medal, sercn boats oflntpotiDg, Tia, i— Onr Sots, Mr. lioimti; Dolly. Varden, Uu Smith: Emilic Melvilto, Mr, Idgetoyj'^rnii, M« Kodway^ Oar Girlt, Mr. Prior ; Thames, Mr. Benbow ; Scad, Mr. litowa, Tkt- caurs* ru three times, round the St. Kada.fetond. The BaulietMalvillc started with ' tMe»letul:., butaooo.h*d;to givowayitp Oar Boys, „ itfaicb: nmintainedi the, load- to the finisn, being only ten seconds in advance of the. second bout, tfa* Dolly, Varden, THo second race waa fora mifai -between two gentleman amateurs— Mr. Benboy in. Oar Boy*^ and Mr; Hod way in Oar Qfrh., tUo. former WJouing by a sb'ortr. distance after a very hard strode. The- third ,was a xaeliv mtato^a pn*^ between four y«-sht«— tbe $nma B»na-- Mr. Smith ; the Record, Mr. Bennett :, the Alborla, Mr. Prior ; and-the OresH ©f.U»e.Way^,»r^ EUge'ft ^o was disabled by carryiojf *w97 l-is 'radUor, This. race was also ptutx* tiiuss, touu\ tko. St.- Kilda Issland. The Prima Donna', too^.tto' lead^. and' held it to tho finish, lieingabout oneand'a-Ualf minutes ahead of the KeconJ^whicV secured second place; the Alberta and Crest o?' tho-Wftve following. Tho lourthrace-wns a contest between Oar Boys mid Oat Girls, alsosailedby two gentlemen amateurs, and was won easily by Our Girls, This race concluded the day*6 amusements on tho lake, Although, the weather was not all that could bo desired. There was a very fair attendance of tho public to witness the various contests. &c.; Alto gether the lake presented a very lively and phasing appearance, boats lTitliDg about from sunrise to sunset. The Connewarre Regatta wr.s held on 30th ult,, and was a great success; Several capsizes oc curred, bnt the occupants of the boats got off with a wetting. The committee carried out tho arrangements admirably. The following are tho results :— Second Class Sailing Jiaco : Gaban'a Marquis, 1 ; Bushly's Fairy Queeu, 2. Fisher? man's Sailing Race : Blackwell's Joan, 1 ; Lang's Prince of Wales, 2. Pair-oared Race : M. Bus by and S. Bleasby, 1 ; Dupe Bros., 2. Punt Sculling Race : C. \Yilmot, 1 ; J. Dupe, 2. Handi cap Sailing Race : T. J. Hewitt's Minerva, 1 ; Dupe Bros.1 Flying Scud, 2. 