TALES AND SKETCHES. The White Coffin. (CONCLUDED.) (By DETECTIVE JAMES MCLEVY, EDINBURGH.) With this affection for the tribe still hanging about me, I was one day, a considerable period after the robbery, going along the Pleasance, in an expedition connected with the house called the Castle of Clouts, where I expected to find some remnants not loft by the builder of that famous pile. I was not looking for sweeps, and yet iny pipe was not out. 1 had been blowing some puffs, when, on turning round, I saw two of my black gentlemen standing smoking loungingly, with their backs to the wall. " Ah, some of the blight creatures of my fancy," thought 1; " yea, those aerial beings who for months have been hovering over me in my dreams, yet altogether without •wings." My first act was to put that same pipe out, my next to watch their movements. They were very busy talking to cach other; but what interested me most was the curiosity with which they were contemplating some , articles which one of them was showing to the other,—nay, there seemed to be a silvery look about the tilings, which •was the more apparent that they were a contrast to the hands that held them. So straightway my pipe, which I had extinguished, required a light, and these curd's of smoke .could even produce that which they professed to banish. In a moment I was standing before them. " Well, lads," said I, " can you give me a light ?" One of them recoiled a 11 le as he caught my eye. He seemed to know me, though I am free to confess I did not know him. " To be sure," said the other. And striking a match upou tlie wall he handed me a light, whereupon I began to puff away; and as smoking is a social act, I found myself irresistibly attracted by my friend, who in my first going up appeared to be so shy. *" Do you know where the Castle of Clouts is?" said 1, as I peo.red and peered into the dark face of him who tried to avoid my gaze. But I was still at fault. His features were familiar to me, but the soot still camebetweenme and my identification. At length' J got iny clue. " Andrew Ireland," said I, " when did you come out of tlie Canongate churchyard ? Was there a skylight in tlie top of tlie coffin 1 " "Andrew Stewart is my hame," replied tlie black ghost. "And when did you turn sweep, Andrew ? " " When seven years old," said he ; " but I tell you my name is Stewart, and be d d to you. " «Well, I don't apprehend names," said I," only bodies. Then I'm not sure if you are wot a spirit, for Janet showed me your collin on its way to the Canongate." " Perhaps it was Andrew Ireland's coffin you saw," said be. "Jt wasn't mine, anyhow." "Oh, I see," said I, "it would be Andrew Stewart's, and I have committed a mistake. No matter; 1 want to know what you have in your right coat-pocket." And at that same instant I held up my hand. My assistant was presently at my side. I saw by the fire in his eye—something like a chimney on fire —that he was bent oil resistance, and instantly taking him by the neckcloth with my right hand, 1 was proceeding to plunge my left into his pocket, vllsn he seized me with his wonted ferocity, and for his pains got himself laid on his back. " Now, Andrew," said I, as he Jay grinning at me so like another black gentleman when angry, " as sure as you are your mother's darling, I will take you up and throw J T OU again if you are not peaceable, and behave yourself like a gentleman.'' And getting my assistant to hold liim, I took fi'ora his pocket three silver Bcrews. It was all up with my ghost, who almost instantly became as gentle as these creatures, even the real white kind, generally are, He got up, and we proceeded to the Office. Nor did all the parts of this remarkable case end here, for, as wo passed along St Mary's Wynd, whom should we meet but Janet Ireland. The moment she saw us, she appeared stupified. _ " He is risen again, Janet," said I, in a kind of whisper, " they forgot to fasten the coffin with the silver screws." "And the more shame yours, you tliaif of a thousand," she cried, " to steal the darling boy of a poor widow. Dead 1 isn't he worse than dead when in the hands of the biggest scoundrel that ever walked the airtli ?" And what, in addition to this ingenuous turn which Janet gave to the story of the white coffin, Janet said or roared, I cannot tell, for we hurried away to avoid a gathering crowd. I will never forget the look of the Superintendent when I told him that the man before him was the dead and buried Andrew Ireland, the stealer of the hens, the climber through the skylight of the jail, and the robber of the silversmiths' shop. What puzzled him most was, how, with the conviction on my mind that tlie lad was dead and buried, I could have recognised him through the soot. He looked at him again and again, nor could he say that, with the minutest investigation, lie could say that he recognised the well-known thief who had cost us so much trouble. Andrew was tried for the escape from prison as well as for the robbery ; and that thejudges did not tliink he was the short-lived person described by Janet, appeai-s from the judgment, which condemned him to fourteen years' transportation. 