ONLY A OLOD. CHAPTER XX. AN EXPLANATION. B* THE AUTHOR OF "LADV AUDLEY'S SEOnET, " AURORA n-OVD," &0., &C.; Francis Tredethlyn, now so frequent a visitor at the Cedars, happened to present himself there upen the day after that on which Maude had come to an understanding with her fether. The young man rode down to Twickenham in the afternoon, and found Miss Hillary occupied with two croquet-playing young ladies and a croquet-playing young gentleman, whose manners and opinions were of the same insipidly flaxen hue as their hair and eye- ^tEEm was a tired look in Maude's face that afternoon, which was very perceptible to Francis Tredethlyn, although quite invisible to the neutral-tinted croquet-players. Her eyes wandered away sometimes from the balls and mallets, and fixed themselves, with a sad, dreamy look upon the sunlit river or the dis- tant woodland. Francis saw this, aud that faithful Cornish heart grew heavy in sympathy with Miss Hillary's unknown trouble. There must be a little of the Newfoundland dog in the nature of a man who can love hopelessly j a little of that superhuman fidelity, a little of that canine endurance which has inspired so many odious comparisons to the disparagement of the inferior animal called uian. Francis Tredethlyn's eyes followed Miss Hillary with a dog-like patience all this afternoon, during which he established himself in the estimation of the flaxen haired droppers-in as one of the vilest of croquet-players and worstmannered of men. Hut the croquet-players departed, after taking tea out of a very ugly Queen-Anne teapot and some old Sevres cups and saucers, which had been bought for Miss Hillary at the sale of a defunct collector's goods and chattels, at Messrs. Christie and Manson's. Francis stayed to dinner, and dined alone with Maude and her father, and found very little to say for himself. He was distracted by the sight of Maude's pale feceand sadly thought fill eyes. How changed she was from the bright and sparkling creature whom he remembered a few months ago in that house! How changed! What was the secret trouble which had worked that transformation ! What could it be except Miss Hillary'6 sorrow for the circumstances that divided her from her distant lover? There could bo no other cause for her unhappiness, since her father's commercial difficulties had been smoothed by that twenty thousand pounds so freely advanced to him) and it never occured to Francis that Maude Hillary could possibly give herself any uneasiness about that money, 60 lightly parted with by him; nor could he think that any new trouble threatened the merchant's peace, for Mr. Hillary was specially gay and pleasant this evening. After dinner Maude strolled out into the garden, and down to that delicious terrace by the river, where the big stone vases of geraniums looked dark and grim in the twilight. She walked slowly up and down the long esplanade with a filmy lace handkerchief tied coquettishly over her head, aud her long muslin dress sweeping and rustling after her like the draperies of a fashionably-attired ghost. Francis furtively watched that white-robed figure in the shadowy distance as he sat at the dinner-table with Mr. Hillary, and would Iain have loft his glass, filled with the merchant's rarest Burgundy, for a stroll by the quiet river. Perhaps Mr. Hillary perceived this, for he presently gave the young man his release. Since you don't drink your wine, you may as well go for a stroll in the garden, Tredethlyn," he said, goodnatuvedly. " I see Maude yonder; and she'll be better company for you than I am." Francis was by no means slow to take this hint. But once outside the dining-room winnows, ho went very slowly to tho terrace on which Maude was walking. He walked in and out among the flower-beds,making a faint pretence of admiring nature iu this twilight aspect. He stopped to caress one of Maude's Skye terriers. The animals wore very fond of him now that he had learned to avoid that trampling on their toes which had been one of the earlier manifestations of his devotion to Mies Hillary. He loitered here and there on every possible pretext, and at last approached tho fair jdeity in the muslin dress with very much tho air of a schoolboy, who presents himsolf in that awful audienco-cliamber wherein a grim pedagogue is wont to pronounce terrible judgements upon youthful offenders. He did not know that Miss Hillary had been expecting him all tliij: timo; v aud that her special purpose was to bring .Jmn to her side upon that solitary terrace-walk, v^here she could talk to him freely without fear of eavesdroppers. no did hot know that ho was quite as much expoctod as the schoolboy who has "etin summoned to tho parlor, and wns to relivoasontencoas forcible. Maude welcomed him very graciously, and for a little while they strolled side by side, talking of the summer's night, and the flowers and Skyo terriers, and canary-birds, and other subjects equally commonplace and harmless. Then thoy came to a stop, mechanically, as it is in the nature of some people to do when they walk by the side of a river, and looked over the balustrade into the still water. And then a death.like silence came down upon them; and Maude Hillary felt that the time had come in which she must utter whatever she had in her mind to say. It was difficult to bogin; but then all her duties of late had been difficult; and upon her knees the night before, in the midst of tearful prayers and meditations, she had resolved that there should be no more sailing under false colors as regarded this young man. « Dear Mr. Tredethlyn," she began at last, "you have been so good to my father, so good to me—for to serve him is to render a double service to me—you have been so kind and generous a friend, that I have grown to think of you and trust you almost as I might if you had been my brother." Poor Francis listened to this exordium with a very despondent air. Inexperienced as ho was in the ways of the world, he was wise e- nough to know that there was nothing hopeful in such an address as this. When a young lady tells a gentleman that she can regard him as a brother, it is the plainest possible declaration that he can never bo any thing else. In this case it seemed an uucalled-for act of cruelty, for the Cornishman had never deluded himself by any false hope. " I think of you almost as if you were my brother," Maude went on, with heartless repetition of the obnoxious word; " and I cannot help thinking, dear Mr. Tredethlyn, that you are scarcely employing your life as wisely or as well as you might I don't think you were ever intended to be an idle man: and again, with such a fortune as yours, a man has scarcely the right to be idle. There are so many people who may be benefited by a rich man's active life. Oh, forgive me if I seem to lecture you. You will laugh at me, perhaps, and think I want to set myself up as a strongminded woman, a political economist, or something of that kind. But I only venture to speak to you because I think you waste so much of your time down here, playing billiards with the empty-headed young men who haunt this place, and lounging in tho drawing-room to hear the frivolous talk of half-a-dozen idle women, myself among tho number." She spoke lightly, but she was not the less earnest in her intention; she was only travelling gradually round to tho point she wanted to reach, " But I am so happy here," cried Francis Tredethlyn. " Ah, if you knew how I have trieo to stop away—if you could only know what happiness it is to me to come " Maude Hillary interrupted him hastily. " Yes, I know it is a pleasant life in its way," she said ; " very pleasant and very use- It is a little new to you perhaps, and seems pleasanter to you ou that rccount. But if you knew what dreary work it is to look back at a long summer season of operas, and concerts, and horticultural meetings, and boat-races, and not to be able to remember one action worthy of being recorded all that time! I am getting very tired of my present life, Mr. Tredethlyn. It has ceased to be pleasant to me ever since I have known of papa's difficulties. It is altogether unsuited to me; for I am engaged to marry a poor man, who would bitterly feel the burden of an expensive wife." The bolt was launched, and Miss Hillary expected to see some evidence that it had gone home to its mark. But Francis Tredethlyn made no sign. There was just a little pause, and then he said very quietly,— Yes, I know that you are to marry a poor man; but with such a wife a man could scarcely remain poor. I suppose it's only an ignorant foolish notion, but I can't help thinking that for the sake of tho womau he loves, any man could cut his way to fortune. I can always believo in those knights of the oldon time, who used to put a badge in their helmets, and then ride off to the wars to do all sorts of miraculous things; and I fancy it must be tho same now-a-days, somohow ; aud that a man who loves truly, and is truly loved again, can achieve anytliing." Maude was inexpressibly relieved by this speech. "You know of my engagement, then?" sbe said. " Yes, I liavo known it for a very long timer' " Ah, of course, Julia told you ?" " Yes, it was MiBs Desmond who told mo." " She had a perfect right to do so ; there was no reason for any secrecy in tho matter. I am very glad that you have known ot it. You am so kind a friend that I should qot like you to bo ignorant of anything nearly relating to my father or myself." " It is very good of you to callme a friend,'! Franois answered. It saeped'to him as If some angelic creature was stooping from her own proper sphere to place herself fora brief , interval by his side. " It is very good of you to take any interest in my welfare; and I feel that you are right. The life I lead is utterly idle and useless j but it shall be so no longer. Your fether has very generously offered me a grand opportunity of turning both time and money to account." "My father? But how?" «He has offered me a partnership in his own house." ,. . ,. «A partnership ?—a partnership in his difficulties—his liabilities?" cried M&ude;, in v 1 a tone of horror. "Those difficulties were only temporary. The thirty thousand I advanced have wiped out all liabilities, and your father's business stands on a firmerbasis than ever." • "Thirty thousand! You have lent papa thirty thousand pounds ?" "I have not lent it, my dear Miss Hillary. I have only invested it in your fathers business. There is no ^obligation in the matter, believe me; or if there is, it is all on my side. I get a higher rate of interest for my money than I should get elsewhere." He stopped suddenly, for Maude had burst into a passion of sobs. " Oh, how could he do it? How could he?" she cried. " How could papa take so mean an advautage of your generosity ? I love him so dearly, that it almost kills me to think he should be base or dishonourable. I thought the twenty thousand pounds would soon be paid, and instead of that he has borrowed more money of you." " My dear Miss Hillary, pray, pray do not distress yourself. Believe me you misunderstand this business altogether. It is not a loan. It is only an equitable and friendly arrangement, quite as advantageous to me as to your fether. Upon my word of honour you do Mr. Hillary a cruel wrong when you imagine otherwise." Maude dried her tears, and listened to the voice of her consoler. She was so anxious to think well of her father, that she must have been something more than an ignorant, inexperienced girl, if she shut her ears to Francis Tredethlyn's arguments. Those argumcuts were very convincing, very specious. Maude ought, perhaps, to have perceived that they were not the original ideas of Mr. Tredethlyn. She ought, perhaps, to have discovered the parrot-like nature of his discourse respecting ail the grand prospects of the house of Hillary and Co.; but she wanted to think well of her father, and Francis urged her to that conclusion. She listened to his discourse as eagerly as if he had been the most eloquent of living creatures. She felt a kind of tender friendship for him as he talked to her; never before had he seemed so nearly level with herself* She wanted to believe in his wisdom; she wanted to respect his sense and judgment, because he was the defender of her fether—that beloved fether against whom her own conscience had so lately arisen, a stem and pitiless judge. The quiet river rippled under the summer moonlight before Maude and her companion left the terrace; so much had Francis found to say about the house of Hillary and Co,, and the wonderful advantages that must come to him from a partnership in that great firm. Snrely his enthusiasm must have arisen from some vague idea that even that commercial alliance would be some kind of link between Miss Hillary and himselt He talked very freely to- night, for Maude's confidence had set him at bis ease; and in almost every word he uttered he naively revealed some new depth in his devoted love. Late that night, when the Cornishman had gone away, Maude stood at her open window, looking out at the river, and thinking of all that Francis Tredethlyn has said to her. " Harcourt Lowther never loved mo as this ;mau loves me," she thought, sadly. " Ah, what a pity that there should be so much wasted love and devotion in the world!" * And then the thought of Francis Tredethlyn's thirty thousand pounds arose In her mind,—a terrible obligation, a heavy burden of debt; a debt that was perhaps never to bo cancollod. CHAPTER XXL ItARCOUBT LOWTHBn'e WEIjOOME. Within a month from that night on which the merchant's daughter and Francis Tredethlyn had lingered so long together on the terrace up the river, Maude Hillary sat at her, desk in tho littlo study, trying to begin tho most difficult letter she had ever had occasion• to write. , Tho letter was to bo addressed to Harcou&t;* Lowther, and tho three words, "My dear Harcourt," wore already written on the roso- 'intod foreign note-paper: but beyond thoso reliminary words Mnudo found it veryiflicult to proceed. That which sho had to toll the distant 1 boldior^ sbrely tried by inglorious idleness in a 1 Vv penal settlement, and inclined to resent every stroke of ill-fortune, was by no means a pleasant thing to tell. She had to announce to him that the promise she had made to him long ago in the twilight by the river had been deliberately broken. She had to tell him that she was the plighted wife of another man; and she was not free to reveal to him any one of the strange circumstances that hod pressed so cruelly upon her, pushing her, little by little, into this renunciation of her first and only love. It' was only a very commonplace letter that Miss Hillary could write to her discarded lover. She could only tell the old, common story, and put it in the hackneyed picas so often heard ip the court of Cupid;—her father's wishes; her desire to secure his happiness rather than her own; and then a wild womanly prayer for pity; an entreaty that her lover would believe in the existence of stronger reasons—higher motives—the nature of which she was not free to reveal. And last of all, after many pages of passionate supplication for pardon, with not a little violation of the nicer laws propounded by Lindley Murray and his successors,—at the very last there came one page blotted with tears, earnest yet incoherent, in which Miss Hillary implored Mr. Lowther to foigot her, and seek happiness with a happier woman. Never had she loved him so dearly as while she wrote that last page, iu which she resigned him for ever. Surely Queen Guinevere's diamonds must have sparkled their very brightest just in that one angry moment iu which she flung them into the river. Yes, it has comc to this. Maudo Hillary, like a modern Iphigenia, had sacrificed herself for the benefit of her father. The burden of that debt which had been incurred by her agency had weighed too heavily upon her girlish breast. Somehow or other Francis Tredethlyn must be paid; and since he loved her so devotedly, so foolishly—since he held her as the brightest treasure to be won by aspiring man—it was surely better that he should take this poor recompense than go altogether unrewarded. It may be that Maude Hillary would under no circumstances deliberately have broken faith with her betrothed lover. But these grand crises, upon which the fate of a lifetime may depend are apt to come very suddenly upon us. The great flood-tideof fate arises, and carries away the weak creatures afloat on its resistless waters. A moment of hesitation—a few faltering words—half doubtful, half imploring, and the thing is done. It had all happened on the day on which Francis Tredethlyn accepted Mr. Hillary's magnanimous offer, and allowed himself to be created a sleeping partner iu the Australian house. It was only natural that on such a day Francis should dine at the Cedars; and it was only natural that Lionel Hillary should make a little speech about the young man, telling his daughter of the generosity of this noble-minded Cornishman, who had been something more than a son to him—a friend, a benefactor, a preserver. What praise could be loud enough for a man who would lend thirty thousand pounds without security? And then this noble-minded Cornishman whose heart was like a great lump of tinder— only wanting the feeblest spark to kindle it into a blaze—burst out into a passionate declaration of his love. What was his fortune but so much dirt, which he was only too glad to fling under the feet of Miss Hillary? Would he not go out into the world to-morrow penniless, barefoot, a beggar, if by so doing he could odd to her happiness ? He asked a few such questions as these; and then cried out suddenly that he was a despicable wretch, and that he was ashamed of himself for saying all this, when lie knew that Miss Hillary's heart was given to another man. He would go, he said; she should never again be tormented by him. She should not be annoyed by so much as the mention of his name. After which speech Mr. Tredethlyn grasped the merchant's hand, and then made a rush towards the door. He would fain have suited the action to the word; he wanted to go away that moment, and hide himself for ever from Maude Hillary. But before he could reach the door Maude was by his side, with her hands clasped about his arm her face looking upward at his, and drowned with tears. " How good you are!" she cried. " Dou't go away; wo cannot part from you like this. You have been so good to my father. Ah, how can we ever recompense so much devotion I If my esteem—my gratitude—can make you happy, they are yours,—they have long been yours.. I renounce every other thought, every other duty. I can have no duty higher than this." ( The,last words wore almost stilled on her lips, for Francis Trodethlyn caught her to his breast as passionately as in tliat last scone of the i'.sLady pf Lyons/' 1" Maude/'iny lovoi-my angel—you trill rondtiiice, for my skko—you—you—will be my own—my wife!" he gasped, incoherently. "No—no, I cannot accept such a sacrifice—I am not so mean, so selfish, as to—" But Mr. Hillary, hovering over his daughter and the generous-minded young Cornishman, would not allow Francis to finish his sentence- " My dear boy !" he exclaimed,—" my darling Maude! nothing upon earth could give me greater pleasure than this, because I know that it is for your mutual happiness. What joy can be deeper or purer than that of a father who knows that hisjchild has won for herself the devoted affection of a good man 1" " And thirty thousand pounds will be sunk for over and over in the firm of Hillary and Co.," the merchant may have thought at the close of his enthusiastic address. Thus it was that Maude Hillary arrived at the very point towards which fate and her father had been pushing her for the last twelve months. After that passionate impulse of selfsacrifice had passed away, a dull dead feeling of pain took possession of her breast. Alone in the quiet of her own pretty rooms ; alone through the long sunny July mornings with her books, and Berlin-wool work, and piano, she had only too much time to consider the step she had taken; she had only too much time to think of her broken vows, her scattered hopes. And she did think of these things,—with cruel remorse and upbraiding, with bitter and unavailing regret. And now Francis Tredethlyn appeared to her all at once in a new light. Alas! he was no longer the noble-hearted friend to whom she could appeal for help in the day of trouble. He was no longer the humble adorer, kneeling on the lowest step of the altar, remote and submissive. He was her affianced husband, and he had a right to her society. He had a right to attend her in her walks and rides, to linger near the piano when she sang, to hold perpetual skeins of Berlin-wool during those tedious morning visits which he made now and again to the Cedars. All these privileges were his by right; and other people gave place when he approached Miss Hillary, and watched to see her &ce; brighten as he drew near her. It was not that Francis himself was in any way altered. His adoration of his bright divinity was no less humble than of old—even now when he knew that the goddess was to descend from her pedestal and exchange her starry crown for the orange blossums of an earthly bride. He was in no way changed; the distance between himself and Maude Hillary was as wide as ever. He could set it before him—a palpable gulf, across which he beheld her, a strange ereature, in a strange land, —a creature who may hold out her hand to him once in a way across the impassable abyss, but who could never draw him near her. Alas for Francis Tredethlyn's loveless betrothal! that dreary distance was growing wider every day, now that Iphigenia knew the hour of sacrifice was drawing near. It had been one thing to think of Mr. Tredethlyn as a friend—a dear and devoted friend, worthy to be regarded with an almost sisterly affection. It was another thing to contemplate him as a future husband. All his ignorance, his homely ways of speaking and thinking, his little awkwardnesses and stupidities, his vacillating temperament in the matter of spoons and forks at those elaborate Russian dinners,—all these things pained Maude Hillary now as cruelly as they had galled Miss Desmoud'sproud spirit some six months before. And then to the faint shivering of disgust was joined all the bitterness of contrast. Never had Harcourt Lowther's image seemed so dear to this wayward girl as it seemed now, when she was the promised wife of another man, and tried most honestly to shut the memory of her old lover completely out of her mind. Never had he been so near her. His grace of manner, his accomplishments, the light touch of his pointed fingers upon the piano, the deep organ-tone that ho alone amongst amateurs could draw out of a flute, the free outlines of his pencil, the transparency of his water-color sketches, the graphic humour of his pen-and-ink caricatures; the airy wit, which never verged upon vulgarity ; the fervid eloquence, which never degenerated into rant; the trenchant satire, which never sank to the vile level of personal spite ; she thought of her discarded lover; and all the showy attributes that had won her girlish love arose before her in cruel contrast with the deficiencies of Francis Tredethlyn. Yet all this time she was very kind to her betrothed husband. It was not iu her to be scornfully indifferent to the man whom she regarded as her father's friend and benefactor. She was not a woman to sacrifice herself with an ill grace. The silent warfare wont on within her breast. She struggled and suffered, but she had always the same kind, cold smile, the same gontle words for the man whom she had promised to marry. And in the meantimo the hands went steadily round upon all the clock-dials, and the inevitable hour drew very near. Busy lAillinors and dressmakers, bootmakers and outfitters, came backwards and forwards from Wigmore Street to the Cedars, and were busy and glad. Mr. Hillary's credit was unlimited, and it was almost as if a princess of the blood royal had been about to marry. Francis Tredethlyn bought the lease of a big blacklooking house in a new neighbourhood near Hyde Park; and there were negotiations pending for the purchase of an estate within ~ few miles of Windsor. August was melting into September. Already there were bright glipmses of red and yellow here and there among the sombre green of the woodlands. The wedding was to take place very early in October; the guests were bidden, the dresses of the bridesmaids were chosen, and in the still evening Iphigenia walked alone on the terrace. She was very Beldom alone at this hour; but to-night her father had taken Francis Tredethlyn to a club-dinner, given by a bachelor stockbroker of some eminence in Mr. Hillary's circle. Tonight Maude was alone; and leaning upon the broad balustrade, with her elbow resting amongst the thick ivy that crept along the stone, she looked down at the still water—the dark melancholy water—and thought of her past life. It seemed so far away from her now, left so entirely behind—all that frivolous past. She seemed to have grown out of herself since the knowledge of her father's troubles had come upon her; and looking backwards she saw a careless and happy creature, who bore no relationship to this thoughtful woman, before whom all the future seemed seemed a blank and dreary country, unillumuied by one glimpse of sunshine. She turned away from the water presently, and walked slowly up and down the long terrace. There seemed to be a melancholy influence in the evening stillness, the dusky shadow lying upon every object, the distant peal of bells floating across the river from some church where the ringerswere practising; even the voices of passing boatmen and the monotonous splash of oars took a pensive tone, in unison with the hour and Maude Hillary's sad remorseful thoughts. She was near the end of the terrace, close to that ivy-grown old summer-house which had sheltered the patched and powdered beauties of King George the Second'6 Court, when shfe was startled by the sound of a chain grating against stone-work, and rapid steps on the flight of stairs leading from the terrace tc the river. The young men who came to the Cedars were very fond of making the journey by water, so there was nothing strange in the sound of a step on the river. Maude turned to meet the intruder with a sense of weariness and vexation. He would not be likely to stay long, whoever he was; but the prospect of even ten minutes' conventional discourse jarred upon her present frame of mind. She turned to meet the unwelcome visitor with a languid sigh, and saw a man hurrying towards her in the twilight; a man in whose figure and dress there was a careless grace, an undefinable air of distinction, which, in Maude Hillary's eyes, stamped him as different from all the rest of the world. He came hurrying towards her. In a moment he was close to her, holding out his arms, eager to take her to his breast. But she recoiled from him, deadly white, and with her hands extended, motioning him back. " Don't touch me," she cried; " don't come near me. Ah, you don't know—you cannot have had my letter." " What letter ?" cried Mr. Lowther, staring almost fiercely at the shrinking girl. These sort of things so rapidly make themselves understood. Harcourt Lowther saw at once that something was wrong. " What letter! " " My last; the letter in which I told you that—Ah, how you will hate and dospise me! But if you could know all all, Harcourt, as you never can, you might excuse—you might forgive " A torrent of tears broke the sentence. " Oh, I think I understand," said Harcourt Lowther, very quietly. " You have thrown mo over, Miss Hillary." She held out hur clasped hands towards him with an imploring gesture : and then in broken sentences, in half-finished phrases, that were rendered incoherent by her sobs, she recapitulated something of her letter of explanation. Mr. Lowther's face had blanched before this, and his lower lip quivered now and then with a little spasmodic action; but ho listened very quietly to all Maude had to say. " I ought never to have expected auythiug else," he answered, when she had finished her piteous attempt to explaiu and justify her conduct without revealing her father's commercial secrets. " I dou't know that I ever did expect anything olso," ho wont on very deliberately. " What has a penniless younger son to do among the children of Mammon ? How can an earthen pot hope to sail down the stream with the big brazen vessels, and escape wreck and ruin? Don't let thero.be any scene between us, Miss Hillary; 1 hate all domestic tragedy, and 1 think if my heart wore breaking—and men's hearts have boon known to break—I could,take things quietly., You hfcve grown tired of our long and appar-: sivtiy tbpoloss engagement, and you liavo pro-, raised to marry somebody else. It is all per-, feotJy natural May I know tbo name of my; fortunate rival 1" . „, , i « His name is Tredethlyn—Francis Tredetlilvn" ' "A Cornishman," addedHarcourtLowthor, _<« a fellow who has lately come into a groat fortune ¥' _ .„ " Yes You know hun, then * " Intimately. I congratulate you on you choico, Miss Hillary. Francis IVcdethlvu is a most excellent follow. I have Mason to speak well of him, for he was my servant for a year and a half out yonder m Van Diemen's Laud." "Your servant!" He was eeally the best of fellows j ana iu the art of brushing a coat or cleaning a pair of riding-boots was positively unrivalled. (To be continued.) 