ROME. THE HOLY FATHER ON IRELAKD. An occasional correspondent of i,„ Freeman gives the following report of the speech addressed by Pius IX, to the pilgrims from Canada and from Munster on the 13th June:—The Holy Father began by than Icing the Irish Canadian who had crossed the broad Atlantic,f tL the purpose of~givmg expression to their joy and congratulations on the occasioa of his jubilee. Sorrow and anxiety had oppressed him upon learning of tie accident that had occurred to theme their voyage to Europe, but these feel ings were converted into gladness an thanksgiving on hearing of their sal. arrival, and beholding them this dayfo fore him. Then, turning to the land, if not of their birth, at least of that fathers, he would speak of Ireland, She had, indeed, manifested her love for and fidelity to the See of Peter in the moving words he had just heard from one of her chosen sons. Yes, Ireland has the faith of Jesus, Christ in a manner peculiar t( herself alone. Fourteen hundred yean ago she received it with joy and i ness, and to-day it is the same, pure aid uncorrupted as then, notwithstanding the terrible ordeal of persecution through which she had to pass, Ireland has thus nobly preserved the Catholic faith, because of. the union and concord that always, and particularly in the tifiie of persecution, bound inseparably together the Irish hierarchy. The bishops of Ireland have always stood most firm and faithful to this, the See of Peter, have always maintained and defended its rights against all enemies at the lou of everything the world holds most dear even life itself. In like manner the * Irish people were always so united to their episcopate that nothing in this T world could sever them asunder. Hence has Ireland kept her most preciou deposit — union conquers everything, " Sf.e, then, beloved children," continued his Holiness, " what union can effect, h fact, you yourselves bear ample testimony to-day to its wonderfiil power, You are assembled here to-day from various parts of the world to receive from St. Peter a few salutary words ; for, to certain, dearly beloved, that Peter if speaking to you now through the lips® this his most unworthy -successor and servant. See, then, I repeat, again, beloved children, what union and loveOM do—they constitute the centre of»H human happiness in this vale of tesH and affliction. Let us then bless God, who, in His infinite mercy, unites us dl to-day by the sweet and pleasing boi of faith. As I said on other occasion* the lion, the ox, the eagle, and the mai are united together, which four oharafr ters signify the Gospel of Jesus Christ. The means, however, beloved children, of this union which knows no obstacle are one faith, one holy Catholic religion, and -one only 'God. 0, happy you, » you always remain firm and true to tw Church of Jesus Christ—the Holy Catholic Church. You may be sure of alway! -enjoying, this truly.supernatural union. And to this end I now impart to jo", from the bottom of my heart, the-A.p<* tolic Benediction. I bless you ro body, that you may always have he and strength to bless and praise At mighty God; I bless you in the that your thoughts may be alw»J» directed to and worthy of Him-tM the Great Creator of all things ; i * I bless you in lime, that you may ^ and glorify God when it is His holy^ to call you out of . misery, and tribulation, to enjoy J" happiness, joys, and" delights of eten* life. The blessing of the Omnipotent •Father, Son, and Holy Ghost; upon you aind remain with you for e —Amen." Mp. BEWMKnr Bbia, Fitzroy. pointed a,.magistrate within'tto Bailiwick. ' 