Occasional Notes. By CoSMpPOilTB. 1 too* often heard the remark that one '«&&& as well 'be out of tbe world as oat ^MhaMuttB^* and rnneh better if ladies «a3t ttii JMJfam ?owmifaiginat Home. lW*«lakm» 4na*ka woadaM wbdc rfart K*a«t»bi»fc» 41 fignna, and the fa»^» certainly natnatammf to any, fit i -nm»thiiigAp«king to ?ontamplato — — '— *j 'iiiif ii ill iT i. Tif ' -- -r'- rite «ata into atacet&rtaof; t&kk; wabfain&wd; .- am tiMnoalrvearw outer dnirof the ?nanniduBwatbn^the alrirtfteing tied teek m tight w possible, foil/ I fancy ?ookigo no further. Sea-aide suits are made of flag banting of the most Lrilliant colors. Yellow trimmed bonnets are known as 'jaundice helmets,' and the fashionable color is described as 'green I'' iiN*1 ** I wonder what the effect Wttufbe on those happy men whose better halves, having arrived at a foil age and a foil figure, appeared suddenly in the latest fflthfini trying to persuade the head of the family that alimttess and youth were re pcewnted t Perhaps an immediate enquiry lorlhe nearest Lunatic Asylnm. 4K idea that fresh water mar be found by boring throagh tbe bottom of salt lakes is. not -sock a wfld one as might appear tp those who have not studied the natter carefully. Many settlers in the Sab Lake districts of Australia know that often their oast supply of fresh water is to be obtained dose to the edge of salt pans, fd that while the water along the shore niy be almost as salt as brine, in the oaubBa jt is fresh eaoogh for birds to drink. mtgsnr-ifmnn iwiiij pM^ of a» ?oathern provinees of Algeria correspond -with our run country ; where a few years am* only the camel could lire, there are noar Tfaaiaive agricultural and pastoral areas. This wonderful change was effected by benog and well sinking. If sock opera tions an sacoBBsfnl in other coantries why ahonld they not be tried here ? Any Go vernment having tbo welfare of its sub jects at heart, and at tho jame time rintiring materially to increase the value of it* estate, would not leave the exploration far water to individual energy. It would take the work in band itself. That excellent young iw Thomas Campbell Carey, ex-M.P. and J.P., appears to have a lively sense of what con stitutes libeL He has been so frequently before the public as to have become almost an institution. His admirers may expect to hear of him again shortly through a littte pamphlet which he has had printed and circulated, in which considerable liberties have been taken with certain in dividuals who are not disposed to accept them. The consequences may be antici pated. The Herald would like to know how it is that tenders called for by Government for public works hang fire so long. My idea is this : in the first place they are generally so one- sided, and in a country like this so unreasonable, that contractors hesitate before tendering, and when they do tender are obliged to put in a high figure' to meet contingencies ; next, pay ments on certificates ; these cannot be de pended on ; and, lastly, the rotten system of red-tape and humbug, which has to be followed by the Engineer as well as the contractors. On the other hand, contrac tors in this colony are not immaculate ; they are also acquainted with the opera tion of opening their months if Govern ment requires anythingdone, and expecting to be paid fifty per cent extra over current rates for doing so, they have a modest way of considering that they are the best judges of the quality or quantity of their own materials and labor ; and as for time, thafs no consideration— there's uo hurry. There's a weak point on both sides. It is tint men of straw, if they can get good security for the fulfilment of contracts, go ib at anything, as they have little to lose and might 'win, while the Government, regardless of the contractor but satisfied with the security, care little whether the principal Carries out the work or not. Perhaps it is the intention of the Director of Works to pnt a stop to this system, and in doiDff mo he mw nnt ntnasn irnnM.he contractors, but is only doing what is right There's distant thunder foretelling the coming strain. Responsible Government is booming in the distance. Before the House meets again reactionists will be at work throughout the country, so that the next attempt to introduce the matter may not end in a miserable fiasco, as on a Conner occasion. Now is the time for men who advocate this form of Govern ment, to form their party, and let it be the country's tickets upon which their re presentatives will retain their seats. If the whole object cannot be obtained, some reform may be effected in the working of Jthe present Constitntion, which has practi cally proved a failure at the expense of the people. Good leaders in the field, such as the members for Wellington, Geraldtou, ureenough and others, are a host in them selves. Let them take up the cause, and as one of those gentlemen said, ' with the coantzy- at oar back ' something may be done to better the condition of the country, and place it in a more inde pendent position than that it now occupies. We are dragging on a miserable existence, backward in every action that makes a country progressive, hampered by a tontine which brings abont premature decay, a number of our representatives' being simple dummies or puppets — men who may be very estimable in their social f position, bat not as progressists in PakfctP sn&nt; — a Parliament in nothing but the' name — a House of men, but not of measures. I have had the pleasure of reading several letters from people on the other side making enquiries for squatting country. If there is a desire that exten sive tracts of unsettled country should be taken up and stocked, the Government p night' forward the movement by issuing a general note upon the nearest available colony, its character as far as it is known, anfflte nearest way of getting at it, with a great deal more information of the greatest importance to those seeking for 'pastures new.' The Surveyor General, who is pretty well known on the other side, uugiifc lurawn uw iacis ; ana emanating from a Government authority would bear their own certificate of accuracy. I have calculated from the letters referred to that if reliable information was furnished by authority it wouldn't take many months to place 100,000 sheep in the colony ; 20,000 of that number would come at once from the western and west Murray dis trict* of Victoria. On the Estimates there is a sanction for further introduction of labor. Row, as we have tried the whites, let us have a little torn at the blacks — not Chinese, but Indian coolies. It is a step worth the consideration of Government, and the class of labor which might be imported, throagh the usual forms of emigration agency, would be admirably suited to many puts of this colony where white labor is not bat could be employed as overseen. This is a matter of ao much importance to the telony generally that I can scarcely dismiss it in a casual note ; so with your permission will treat it in all its bearings in your next A parallel exists between domestic and political economy — the occasional require ment for a 'new broom.' The latest imported article is the new Colonial Secretary— light enough to sweep away the cobwebs of antiquated ideas, strong enough to .carry put the fifth labor of Bangles. It is not necessary to go into trnptuiius over his apparent bonhomie nor to irritate ids nostrils with the incense of fashing and temporary adulation, nor to ?nyigfi^nriy whisper in his ear what be ?Moid or should not do during his period **J**IBpy» bat I, daring to be the ex P««s*«t pi^idBr opinion, end junder *b* signature which he equally owns, may speak plainly. I have heard the 'new broom' is at work, touching in some places like a feather, in others like a harrow. One duty there is yet in store — the necessity for 4 clean sweep, com mencing with the House. All the rubbish reanires removal and the furniture dusted. At present tfee family is oat of town. This will allow the broom to search all the corners preparatory to taking the floor. However discouraging the duty may be, let the motto of the 'new broom' be donee purum. « We $haU meet, but toe ihaUtnisthim, ' There will be one vacant chair.' These lines of ancient negro minstrelsy struck me as being applicable to our worthy member for the Swan while he is on his continental ' tower.' ' We shall miss him,' although we sometimes indulge a little at his expense in the way of fun. Yet daily as I am brought into contact with the froth as well as scum of society, tbe soapy bubbles which ornament our social current, the muddy depths which are existent in our political shallows, I cannot but acknowledge the force of nature in that element from which W. P. is drawn, and generally confined, as is supposed, in the bottom of a well — (not water alone) . Truth will prevail. At this moment I could put my finger on the man who in the Legislative Assembly will fill the « vacant chair,' and although more or namental he could scarcely be more useful or more honest in his opinions than Hth predecessor. I feel in a' regular rhymical mood, and in the words of the immortal Bums I can say 'For me, an aim I never fash ; Irhyassibrfan.' The following was intended for posterity, but was happily nipped in the bud : — OWBD TO THB 'OUBB. Tbe House was dosed, the gas turned off, Vacant the chair and floor. The H's all had been swept up And pitched outside the door ; The ghost of good intentions sat 'Neatli Speaker's canopy, He was not like the Speaker fat, He owuedjnot £. s. d. But there he sat and filled the chair And sagely scratched his head, He wore the Speaker's suit, — and air, And this is what he said : Anthony, my friend, well done ! Your post was hard to hold, You boldly held it and you've won Something more prized than gold — The good opinion of thinking men, Men of the world whose view Is not confined by the upper ten Nor ruled by a rabble crew. Those men bid tb.ee adieu ! Dear treble H, whose fickle bride Your legal wig has constant wore Return to Chambers, by her side, O'er musty Acts together pore ; Stronger in law, come back again, Come back the Senate to advise, Buffer for right, steadfast in main, Prepared to meet another rise. Siney dize. Malcolm, general utility and knowing, Promoter in the House of motive power, Honest believer in the country growing Seeing far beyond the passing hour ; Thanks for thy zeal, energy and aid. Well hast thou performed thy devoir For railways, steamboats, wires laid, A vous la gloire ! O, reservoir ! Having executed the Executive we strike a livelier strain. — Good-bye, sweet Bart, good-bye, We soon agaiD shall meet ; Meanwhile you'd better try If you couldn't change your seat, While under the powers that be Ruling this Dominion It's unseemly for a nominee To stand on his own opinion. Next graces three, all nominee, Who give their silent vote, Dozey G. and ancient P. With H. all in one boat ; Whether question black be white, Whether short be long, Your vote is given wrong or right, Perhaps as often wrong. Dear simple Sam and Coburn Cam, and [Radical M.B. [Here the ghost vanished, feeling he was treading on dangerous ground ; he felt also that the eye of the Sergeant-at-Arms was on him, and he was not prepared to be called to the Bar.] When I was in America daring the civil war ' taking the oath ' was a daily occurrence and frequently repeated. I was startled the other day by the booming of cannon, and on enquiry was informed that the Acting Governor had ' taken the oath.' It struck me as rather unpleasant being an Acting Governor, who couldn't order a 'cocktail ' ora ' reviver ' without the banging of guns or an accompanying brass band. Bui what will one.not do for glory? SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. The following is the regular tip by 'Spuynx' for the Political Stakes. Dark Horse Bahadoor, imported, leads the Government Team, well backed for favorite. Beauty of the Bar changes his stable, bat still stands to the fore. Nominees — scratched. Nor- West — withdrawn. ? ? ' , ? . The Baronet — all serene. Sammivel — weedy ; gives room for his uncle. ?i : i: Radical — put on a pot. Geminjiof JT semantic — nohow and nowhere. ~'.~t*- Over' the Hills — Improving. Breezy — gone to grass. Multum-in-Parvo — transferred to the ;?-?'? French course. / Skipjack — scratched. ' Flatcatcher — unsafe and uncertain. Puffer— too good to last '?'/*- ? & Captain — all there, but wants holding in. The prophet — in the ruck. A considerable amount of religious sentiment may be destroyed by some violent act which tends to shake the nerves. I became aware of the fact the other Sunday evening at the Cathedral The last hymn had been given out and the staging had commenced, when, just as I had got as far as Al- al-al-le, I was startled by a gentleman with a heavenly smile holding out a red bag with hieroglyphics on it My train of devotional thought was at once diverted to my waistcoat pocket running something like this — Al-al-al-le— Hullo ! what's this? where the deuce is that shilling got to 1 AL ! all right. At the end I was just in time to catch up the following line and finish off with — le-lu-yah. But that hymn had lost a great deal of its solemnity and grandeur. The Western --Australian Agricultural Association has for its Hon. Secretary a gentleman for whom I have a great respect. He certainly has approached as near martyrdom as a man eonJd. Clause So. 3 of the conditions, a samples of wines,' has a protective clause as to' purity, and allows him a week to get over the effects in sampling, and to prepare to poison the judges under clause 6. In clause 13, I observe a word of four syllables which might require to be explained to some ' persons. ' We cannot all be immaculate, and there are very few who would derate the time and labor the hon. sec. has to make the show a success. All he has now to do is to keep cool and allow himself to be bullied by disappointed exhibitors. Thk Acrnro Governor. — On Friday last the Hon. Lieutenant-Colonel Harvest, Senior Military Officer of Her Afajesty's Land Forces, took the oaths of office and assumed the administration of the Govern ment of the colony, pending tba arrival of General Ord. The ceremony was accom panied by tbe usual honors. This is the third time that Colonel Harvest has assumed the administration of the Govern ment. 