.xrhcajoifiuuHU-2jhrLoiucJe WITH WniCH IS llfOOBFORATBD TEB LAUNCESTON TIMES. Fbidat. Juke 29m. 1877. Whosb is the victory 1 Thuistho ques tion now in everybody's mouth, and it U amusing to witness the eagerneas with which tho palm is claimed by tito sup portore of the late Opposition and by the journal! repreaenting that aide. The thirty-two new members are being aliaken about in all manner of waya with n viaw to demonstrate that Miniaten are in ? minority, and that they mast resign ; but we observe our Opposition friends steer carefully clear of any reference to the re sulta of the election u shown by the ballot box. Solong as they ran manage so to con tort nutters a- to allow even n majority of one on their own iiils in Parliament, they shut their eyes— and would fain also dose those of the public-to the fact that the electors throughout Ta.rn.nk have, by a majority of at least two to one, declared unmistakably in favor of the Beibey Ministry. This is on unpalatable fact to be kept in tho background. The voting power in the now Parliament ii auumod to bo opposed to Minis ters, or, at least, no equalised as to render the conduct of public business by the present Adminis tration difficult, if not impossible. And this is trumpeted forth as a triumph — a victory. Deing aatisGed with such a result, wo can only cay our Opposition contemporaries are easily pleased ; but wo think it exceedingly doubtful whether they will fmd thoir anticipations realised when Parliament meets. Our own opi- nion u tiiat Ministers hare a majority of one, if not more ; and it is quite within tho range of possibility that patriotic con siderations, and a desire to see progressive legislation undertaken without delay, may induce several hon. members now ro gordod as advorso to render the Govern ment a gonoral aupport. The voice of public opinion, as declared through tlio ballot box, affords every justification for such a course, and itis to be hoped Minis ters will be prepared to act in such a spirit of conciliation as will ensure the possibility of {practical legislation being proceeded with. The country is sick of the battles of ' outs and ins,' and cries loudly for immediate aud progressive legislation. It is tbe duty of Ministers and members, as far us practicable, toobey the public voice jwithout regard to party or political triumphs. The Mercury counsels Ministers to adopt a course whicli -ould be thoroughly unconsti tutional, and unwarranted by circum stances. Our contemporary says :— ' Much has been said by Ministers of their predecessors having abandonod office without waiting a direct adverse voto. The circumstances in which Min isters now stand demand that they should follow the axamplo they so much derided. If place and pay ore not the alpha and omen of their political existence, they will m men of honor not wait the meet ing of Parliament, but following the recent example of Sir James M'Culloch in Victoria, at once resign offico, since they cannot hope to carry their mea sures.' With all due deference to so great an authority u Sir James M'Culloch, wo do not think Ministers would be at all justified in such a course as our contcm porary indicates. In I he first ploco Uiey have no right to assume that a majority of the new Parliament is against them. The voice of the public is declared by the election returns, is decidedly in their favor, and there is as yet nothing to justify the belief that a majority in the House of Assembly may not be willing to represent the public fooling by giving n general support to Ministers, especially if such judicious modifications bo made in their proposals as may inspire confidence. To resign at once would be a craven part, and a beUtyol of that public which hu declared so unmistakably in their favor. in England it is usual for a Cabinet, even whore the verdict of the country ha. been pronounced against it, to retain office until Parliament has met and given a definite and final decision upon its merits, for it is held that ' tho House of Commons is the legiiimate organ of the people, whose opinions cannot be constitutionally ascertained except through their representatives in Parliament.' Of course, under such cir cumstances, the very first opportunity is availed of to tale a decisive vote, and a proper time will be by amendment to the motion for an address in reply to tho Governor's speech. That motion opens up the whole question of the Minis terial policy, and an amendment to the effect that 'this House huno confidence in tho present'^Iinistry,' will, if carried, bring Bbout in a regular and (constitutional way that resignation which our Mercurial contemporary seems so anxious to precipitate. Tlus was tho course followed by Lord John Russoll in 1841, by Lord Dorby's second Adminis tration in 1639, and it is a course gene rally approved by all recognised authorities. TheTrule is that tho opinions of members cannot be constitutionally in. erred from envthinff but thoir voices iu Parliament. We have as yet no indi cation as to what course Ministers may parsuo ; the hon. tbe Premier proceeded to Hobart Town yesterday for tho pur poso of taking counsel with his colloaguas. Parliament will, nn doubt, be summoned to meet curly in July, and wo can only once more express the hope that matters will be so arranged as to avoid political complications likely to retard tho ad vancement of the country. The report of the Police Committoe brought up at the meoting of the Laun. ceston Municipal Council on Monday last dealt with a memorial received some time back from the members of the police force asking for an increase of pay, and stating fair grounds for making the appli cation. Amongst other things the report recommends that ninopeuce a day addi tional pay be given to oach sergeant, bix nence to oaoIi constablo, and that a Provident Fund be established on the principle shown in a scrios of tables annexed to the report, to which fund every member of the police furco is to subscribe. The contribution ta tho Provident Fond will be nearly equal to the increase of pay recommended. Tho report, though brief and long de layed, is no doubt the result nf patient investigation and mature de liberation on tho part of the committoe. The elaborato tables, of which a synopsis wu given in last issue in our report of Municipal proceedings on Monday, show that every detail has boon carefully worked out, and that tho scale of deductions from pay proposed will, with tho amount now to credit of superannuation fund, suffice to give the msximumcompensation orsuporannuation on tlio scale proposed, and maintain a fund which will always bo more than equivalent to the contributions of tho members and interest thereon, The existence of such a fund is cssontial to the well-being of any police force— as its members should be intelligont, indepen dent in character, content with their wages, and neither seek nor accept gifts. If there bo not provision for compen sation or superannuation to induce to long service, tho young, intelligent, and vigor ous ! members of the force soon quit it, and the lout able physically and mentally remain, -o that tho whole body suffers moral and physical deterioration. It is true the Police Act gives power to the Municipal Council to gram from out municipal funds, compensation or super,, lumutfort to constables unfit for service, but no constable Is absolutely entitled to such allowance ; audit is very improbably it would be granted, save in a few case, as small communities naturally object to bo taxed for the payment of pensioners. The establishment | of tho Providont Fund as proposed will onablo compen sation or pensions to be granted to those constables oho wire with diligence and fidelity until they reach the age of sixty, or who, through injuries or disease, nre discharged boforu reaching that age, and iu the case nf Ihoso who die in the sorvico of tho Corporation, thoir widows and children will rccoivo a sum of money nhich will) raiHo thuin from inimodiaU! want and strengthen thorn to enter upon tlio battle of life. Wo congratulate the committoe on tho docision they uavo thus arrived at, and as their recommendations ore well calculated to benefit both police and tho public, wo hope they will bo fully carriod out Such an example is well cal culated to stimulate tho goll-*ral Govern incnt into introducing the Civil Siiviai Bill, so long promised, and ahow thom how to fonn a superannuation fund which slmll ouoctually provide for worn out pubb'c servants without burthening the rcrcnuo with charges for pensions. CoMcr.HT at Sr. Paul's CiiUHcn.— Tlic second of a scries of winter concert, wns given en Wednesday evening, in the ncliool room of the above church, tbe llcv. A. Barkwny presiding. The room was very prettily dmor&tcd; with nags and evergreens, AUd well fllled considering the counter attraction at tlic Theatre. The Rer. A. lfarkwiy first apologised for the absence -il Mr 1'oH'nrd, oho had been unavoidably kepi away. The audience would be sorrv to hear that Miss Kale Irvine was about to lesrc till-in, mtd this M-ouM be her last appearance in nulillc In LiuQceston. He then Intro duced Miss Irvine and Mr F. Ferguson, who pliiycd a duct on the pianoforte in a manner which received well merited applause. This tru follonod with tlie grand solo from i l.verctia Dorgia by Mr F. Ferguson, ' Vicnl ' )« riJa Vendetta,' which elicited great applause. Miss Kate Harvey then Bane ' When the toies bloom again,' in a mo«t toiiclilniraiid pathetic manner. A part sonc followed, entitled, ' Let tlio hills rcinund,' hv Mr. Hichards, Miswa Falrthnrne, Irvine, McDonald,MessniToTclcin,Mayhead,Fergu son, ondG. Collins, Miss Mason accompany in», which wa. very well rendered. Miss Irvine then sang 'Will be come,' in a manner which kept the audience Bpell bound until the conclusion, when there was such a round of applause that Miss Irvine hid to rrnpoud by slnping ' Oh lake tills flower,' which was equally well rendered. This was followed by ' Here upon my vcusel'. deck,' sung fay Mr Boston, and then a vocal duet 'Of Fairy Wa.id,' hv Miss Kate Uarrey and Mr F. Ferguson, Hiss mine accom panying which thoroughly delighted Hie audience, and the applause was so great thai they had to respond by singlnftthe last verse. A pianoforte solo, ' L'Kcossc,' by Miss A. Kaii-thorne then followed, which was played in the most brilliant manner. Mils luitj Isrvey sane; ' Scenes that are brichtest.'' from the opcraaf 'Maritjina, nndrocuivodan encore, to which she responded Ly singing 'Lost niiibt while dreaming.' The part mng, ' Swiftly from the mountain's brow,' was then giirn by Mm Richards, Misses Falrthnrne. Irtlne, McDonald, Mo«»r» Mar. boad,Teveleln,0. Collins, andF. Ferguion, Miss Mason accompanying, and It was well received. ' The lady of the lea' was then sung by Miss Irrine with such sweet patlion m to thoroughly delight the audience. 'The pilot brave' «a» Kltcn by Misses Uarrey and Irrine, to which they ri- cclved an encore, and responded by singlnc, 'Voices lingering.' At the conclusion of the entcrlainiiie.it the Her. Mr Uircway thanked the audici.ee for Ili-lr attendance, and hoped it would not be long before they all met there arafu. Lost in the Bttsn.— Under this head inn, It was stated in our Issue of the 161b Instant that Mr Wm. Mitchell, a mining prospector, who had lost his way in the hush, was dlaeorcred at Ferny Hill, near Dowood, all but dead from fatigue, hunger, and cold during fire days find fix nlglits he was exposed ta the fury of the dements without food. We arc requested to say that Mitchell was not found at Ferny Mill, liut in the bush nt Upper Piper's Itivcr, more than twenty mil™ away from Ferny Hill. Coronation Day. — Yesterday being the forty-first annlrcrcaryof Her Majesty's coronation, the Union Jock was hoisted at the Volunteer Building. LiUKCEsroN BESEvoiENr Society.— Return of the number of persons relieved during the week ending June 27th, 16' i— 28 men, Gtt women, 135 children. A K ANrnDiiBriAjr CouruKEKr.— A friend writing to the newly elected member far Selby, puts it this way:— 'The Mtrcmy says you arc a * visionary.' So you arc— visionaries nro seers, fleers look into the future, and predict weal or woe. Von look into the future and predict progress. The Merrvry laughs. Let it laugh, you need not cry. Koah was a ? vliionart.' Saw the deluge coming, and built a boat. Men of the Mcrttay stamp laughed but Koah won, and when the boat moved oft didn't the men of the Opposition wish tlicmselven in it?' This is what Ward, Artemiis, might call an ' Ark-y-Iogical' argument in favor of roads and bridges. Stindibd Lifb Assubakce Co. — In from the accounts submitted at the fifty first annual general meeting of the aliorc company, held in Edinburgh on the 1st May last. .A full report of tlie proreediugs can bn obtained mi application to the local agent, Mi W. K. W. Gunn. Caupbhu. Town tTjdliu School — The Chairman of the HomJ of Kdueailon notifies that the time for rrrciving tcndir or the erecli.m of public school premises ats Campbell Town hn. been cxli'iided lo Wednesday, the 4th July. Sl- iiuem Death op a Ciiilu — An Infant named George Kdward Lamb, aged six months, was found dead In bed early yester day morning. The child was the Illegiti mate son of George Lamb and Isabella Smith, and was in charge of the grandmother In a house In a street between Bathurst and Margaret streets. Mrs Smith says when she put the child to bed on Wedues-ay night it appeared to be in good health. About 3 o'clock In the morning she was woke up from sleep by ber husband, who said he heard the child oryiiin in the next room. She did not Interfere with the child, as ft ccaned cry ing, and when she got up at 6 o'clock she found the child quite dpad. An Inquest is to beheld at half past 12 o'clock today at the Jolly Butchers, Hal lour street. CnnlHTUKQoAi.ilicATioss.-Thcltcr.W, 11\. Fletcher, M.A., delivered a lecture in Stow Church, Adelaide, on the 10th in.lnni, on the Siege of Jerusalem by Caliph Omar. In the course of bis remarks the rev. lecturer said : — ' Jerusalem was the Bpot where Mahonmied had tethered his celcitial marc when on his journey to Puntdise. Kvery Arab who could raise a horse or a lance mustered on the plains of Syria. Obldah, with Kalld as second in command, led the host, lUmascus was soon Invested by on army of 40,000. The Emperor at Antioeh scut a small force to resist them. In the Srst skirmish this force was routed and it' leaders taken . Two armies, each of lOOfiilt) men, were sent to sucror the city. It wan in vain, division after division fell before the Mnslem, for Damascus was taken and entered from two sides »y the Amb leaders. This was the greatest blow to the Syrians and the greatest triumph to tho In vaders. A selfish joy filled tbe neighboring stAtc. at the downfall of the oldest city In the world. But they wrc soon compelled to the danger that inn. .' 'd Jerusalem. In Mecca Abu Bckar lay .'v Inc. Asa successor he made choice ufOiuu. the Keeper of the Koran, who was an upright and virtuous man. It was be who said, although he bad four wives, ' women are all evil, but the greatest evil is that they are necessary. ' Had this roan been n Christian lie would have shone with special brilliancy.' Dut the rev. lecturer doe. not explain why. On the contrary ho coolly proceeds wilb tbe siege operations. Tub Leoislitivk CoDNCit..— Mr Ken nerlcy's tctm of office in the Legislative Council, as one of the three representatives there of Hobart Towo, expires by eOluxlon of time to-morrow, and wo understand that Mr Kenncrlcy dacB not Intend to become a candidate for re-election. Mr W. K. HawkeB retires on the 21st October, and Mr W. A. B Oclllbrand on the Sib December next. It Is to be hoped that the elector, of the distrUtts of Hobart, the Dcrwcnt, nnd the Mersey, will do their dutf to t|]c oolony, and enable Tasmania to escape from the prolonged tyranny of that contemptible 11 majority of one.' Threat for Threat.— Charles Fox told an Insolent knave he would kick him lo ? . « If you do,' wai the reply, 'I'll tell your father how you are squandering hi. money.' Whether objects give rise to terror or not, depends a good deal .on their color. Ghosts would lose all their frignlflllnoM, If tbey could only bt Induced to dress In black dress coats Inileadof white. Wonts to bo an F.dltor.— A young man writes lo the JVno York Graphic that ho wants to be an editor, to which the Nik York Graphic editor re» piles:— Canst thou draw up Icrlatban with a book thou lettest down f Caost thou hook upgrcat Ideas from tlie depths of tulno Intellect, and clean, scale, and fry them at five 'minutes' nolicc? Canst thou write editorials Co measure 1 Canst tbou write an editorial to fit In a three-quarter column of Ihe paper, which shall be in length just twenly-two inches, having three iuchcB of flue sentiment /our jucbes froui the begin uiuit, and nine inches of humor in the middle, and an outbuna of maxiiu and precept, nine and three-quarler inches loni:, at tlie close ? on any new gold lace, and must, within eik'hl years, get rid of all they now wear. Tticy ore to l« trained, soys the Volunteer Service Gexctte, chiefly as light cavalry, nnd when possible arc to go through the cavalry course of musketry Instruction. They must not ride hired horses, except In snee! fled cases of treat emergency. Troop drills arc lo be ordered at the discretion of the commanding officer. A model set of rules for the government of yeomanry regiments is given, which appears to us to be very faulty, in that so much dependence is placed upon pecuniary flneH. And worst of all, officers are liable to flues at any rate for aboence from duty. Certainly, if an officer of any foree composed of civilian, is disposed lo absent himself from parade, lie will do so none the less because he has to pay a few shllllngB to the regimental funds. And with respect to the non- commissioned offi cers and rank and file, the attempt to enforce fines consULiitlv leads to dissensions and bad blood, and men conceive that If they arc ready to pay the fine, they may can agalnsUlBclpliuc and obedience upcciUed In the rules before ub. Kvcn drnnkcnncBs on parade may be expiated on its first occur rence by a fine of 10s! An Kxpensive Colony.— There were great complaints lately in the flousc of Commons of the few thousands which our colonies annually cost us for the purposes of military defence. What would the grumbler, bare Bald were we burdened with such uu expen sive ?' jewel In the Crown ' an Spain possoscs Cuba ? According to Mr Consul Phlpps report on the finances of that Island, its retention in nominal allegiance to Spain costs £705,872 a month, or at the rate of nearly £9,500,000 per annum. It Involves the maintenance of a regular army of 104,000 men, in addition to mltllia and 'other forces,' which It may not unchari tably be presumed consist principally of brigands and gentlemen of an equally ' shady ' character — wlio arc not merely, tike the regular soldiers, unproductive, but assist actively in the impoverishment of the iBland. To meet this enormous expenditure, the Government has lately contracted a loan for £5,000,000, of whicli at the date of Mr Phlnps' report only £3,000,000 had been received, which Is secured on the Customs revenues, which have been for years steadily declining, and which are besides subject to othtr mortgages. The Cuban debt up to 167G was estimated at £13,150.000 sterling, iiml tlie receipts at about £9,000,000, of which the maintenance of the army of occu pation absorbed nearly £0,000,000. A I.ilinuli.n Charier.— The Funjaub may boast of the Bmallcat pony in the world, If Ihe following, as published In the Lahore paper, ii tru- :-' Hit Highness the Nawab of Loharroo sent a remarkably diminutive Ncpaull pony, which Is only eight Inches IiIkIi, as a present to the young Maharajah of Pultinla. Tho pony Is a perfect minia ture of a well- bred horse, andls highly valued by the nalivcB.' A Drobdlgnaglan Fair of Shoes.— The Leather Trade Journal publishes the follow ing : — 'A New York bouttnaker 1« reported lo have just finished a remarkable pair of shoes for a negro man who lives in Arkansas. The length of the shoe Is bereuteen and three-quarter inches, anil &ix; inches across the sole. Tbe negro's foot, recording to hall, while the Instep Is nineteen Inches. The man l- over seven feet In height, weighs 400 pounds, and Is not more than twenty-six years of age. He has not worn a pair of boots for years, and this pair is Intended for Sundays, they with the last on which they were made costing ICdol. This big- footed negro is n preacher.' A New Mitrailleuse.— Something like a gun. C«aho /irrali mis. Ikh been Invented hv Sub-Constables Kcvnan and Fatcheils, of Waterfonl, and will (in we arc Informed) shortly be brougbtovcr to the War OIHcc for inspection. It consists nf 4C chambers of regular rifle size, enclosed in a single cylinder. Thechambers can be siinullunc ously charged with cartridge, fired, and cleaned out with such rapidity that Ihe weapon fires 800 rounds per minute. 'I he Inventors calculate that II 10,000 men were armed with IGGG of these irons, they would fire 1..132.SO1) «hntt per minute; whilst if 100,000 men wee armed with tbe Marlinl Henry rifle tin y could not firo more than 1,200,001) per minute. In other words, 10,001) men armed with 16CC of the 'Irresistible Guns,' as they are called, would be cquiva lem to lOO.lloi) men each provided with the ordinarrUrilMi rifle. 1'hi-cunls l.ulll on wheels, and Is rased with bullet-proof steel ; nnd in case of retreat the men could Btill fire about 600 shots per minute. The Way Freemasonry Works.— A phy siclan iu Washington, J).C. was ca'.lcd to visit professionally a young lady taken suddenly and seriously iP. Employed in one of the departments, bIic wa» compara tively without frieuds or resources, and when rendered helpless hr disease her condition was truly deplorable. The physician, ascer taining his patient's mime to be the same as that of a brother mason in Boston whom he had met some years previously, he inquired If she waB related to this person, llclng mid that she was the daughter of Ibis crcllRinan, whom it should be remembered the nhysician only knew as a member nf Ihe fraternity, he not only (rave her fkllful professional treatment, but saw that she wauled nothing of. care and proper nursing t and when she wus sufficiently recovered lo travel he accompanied her on her journey, ami was not content until he had placed her in her own Kastern home. Then exchanging fraternal salutations with his old-time Masonic acanalnlancc. be returned to his work and calling, nardly conscious, perhaps, of the moving power that had influenced him Ui so nolilc a deed, in the exercise of a large and gcnerouB charity. The Incident is only one of a thousand which might be adduced to prove tbe power and worth of Masonrv. Anecdote of President Grant.— Just before the close of the last session of Congress, while riding out one day, he was struck with the appearance of a horse that was driven before a butcher's cart. The butcher was Bent for and asked if he would sell. The butcher would do so for a proper consideration. The proper consideration was estimated at 25000!*., which was piid. Subsequently, ofterdrivingout with Senator Oonkllng, Ihe President sald-'C»me to the stable and look nt a new horse I've bought.' MrOinkllng, who Is something of a judge nf horses, lonkod him over thoroughly, poked him here, punched him there, aid did all that a first class Scuamrand horseman BhouM do In -uch a case. ' Where did you get him ?' asked the Senator. » I bought him nf a butcher,' replied Ihe President « How much did you pay for him ?' 'T -o hundred and fifty dollar.,' answered (jcneral Grant. 'Well.' responded the Senator, 1 he may be a very good animal, and doubt. lcs» Is, but if it were my case, J -*,„* J should rather have the money than the horse.' Thai If what Ihe butcher ihoughi,' replied the President. The Shah —The Shah of Persia has post poned his Bccoud European visit until 1878, wbcu lie will attend the FarlB Imposition, lie will be accompanied by his heir appa rent, 22 years of age, to whom his indulgent fnthcr granted a harem of beauties when the young gentleman had reached the mature age of 12 years. He also procured for him a French governess for the purpose of teach ing him French and dancing. Glrard's Secret.— Stephen Glrard used to say In his old age :— ' I have always con sidered advertising liberally anil long to be the great medium of success In business, and the prelude lo wealth. Andl have mudc it an invariable rule, too, to advertise In the dullest times, as well as In the busiest -long expe rience having taught me that money thus spent fs well laid out 1 as by continually keeping my business before the public, it has secured many sales that I otherwise would have tost.' I'oisoK Limns is the Am of low lying;, marshy localities, new clearings, In the vicinity of suuken lots, on. the outskirts of cities, and In the atmosphere of tropical regions. Its name is miasma, and It produces fevcrand ague, typhus, yellow fcter, bilious rcmltteul and Intermittent fever. Dweller, in sueh unhealthy localities, emigrants and travellers should remember tbi. and procure that most reliable preventive and remedy for malarial disease), Vikilviio WoLtt't Souibdax AnoxAfto SonKirrs.— [Advt. I snpposc, said a pybslclao, smiling and trying to be witty while feeling the pulse of a ps'lent who had reluctantly submitted to solicit his advice, 'I suppose you think mi | a bit of a humbug f » 'Sir/ gravely repjied tbe sick man, 'I mu not as-are Hit ran ' could discover a mall's thoughts by feeling his*pulsc.' 