The Argus. PUBLISHED DAILY. " I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and, therefore, the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications intended for In- sertion in tho news columns should be addroBSod to Tim Editor. No notice can bo taken of anonymous communications. Every leltor must bo accompanlod by tbo name and address of the writer, not necessarily tor publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. Rejected communications cannot bo returned under any circumstances whatever. To avoid inconvenience and delay to porsona Interested wo have to request that all business communica- tions, including advertisement«, orders for the Ëaper, and remittances, be addrossod to Wixaox and [ACKUiKON, and not to Tua Emroo. OPERA-HOUSE. To-night CHRISTMAS PANTOMIME-THE KING OF THE PEACOCKS. Commence at 8 o'clock. ACADEMY of MUSIC. To-night, CHRISTMAS PANTOMIME-THE HEATHEN CHINEE. Commence at 8 o'clock. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1877. We published yesterday a letter from the Rev. S. J. Whitmee, protesting against the continued occupation of Samoa as a field of missionary enter- prise, in conjunction, or rather in com- petition with, the London Missionary Society . and to that letter the Rov. Martin Dyson replies by alleging that the "vexed question now stimulated " into life again by Mr. Whitmee has " been answered over and ovor again in " the most impartial manner." No doubt there has been a good deal of controversy as to what may be called the pre-emptive right of the Congregationalists and the Wea leyans respectively to occupy that particular island for missionary pur- poses ; but the evils exposed by Mr. Whitmee remain in full force, and therefore we consider he is fully justified in calling public attention to them. Our own opinion upon missionary work is pretty well known. We are quite willing to credit those who undertake it with the best intentions, and to ac- knowledge the zeal and enthusiasm which they infuse into their labours ; but so long as there is such an immense amount of heathenism and savagery, of ignorance, vice, and crime, among the inhabitants of nominally Christian countries, we cannot help thinking that the mitigation of these should have the first claim on our attention, and would task all the resources available for such a beneficent enterprise. When we have accomplished this, it would bo quite time enough " to compass sea and land to make one proselyte." But as a good many worthy persons think otherwise, and prefer " telescopic philanthropy" to the expenditure of their time and money in converting white pagans who live in the next street to decency and morality, as a preliminary to their reception of religious truths, the least we can do is to abstain from wasting our means in maintaining two sets of machinery where one would suffice, and from exhibiting such a spectacle to the South Sea Islanders as that which is described by Mr. Whitmee in his letter. Quoting from a document which has been presented to the directors of the London Missionary Society and to the Wesleyan Conference in this city, he says that efforts are being made in Samoa to induce members of tho former society's churches to forsake their own communion, and join the Wesleyan one; that the native teachers belonging to the latter denomination persist in stirring up strife, which neces- sarily spreads to the peoplo; that it has been serioualy proposed to intro- duce a " Wosleyan Bible," for the pur- pose of superseding that promulgated by the British and Foreign Bible Society; and that " it is impossible to " overlook the evil effects of the animosities " and party feelings which " have arisen from the clashing of two " religious societies.* ' In fact, these have been so patent as to attract the attention of every unprejudiced tourist who has visited Samoa. When the Earl of Pembroke was there about six years ago, his observations of what was going on induced him to place the following remarks on record:—"The people who do the most mischief to missionary labour are the missionaries themselves. When one sect intrudes upon the field of upon the field of another, the improvement of the native character comes to an immediate standstill, as in the case of the Maories. The temptation to run down each other's faith, works, and power to the natives, is usually too strong for the priestly mind to resist. Tahiti, Samoa, and New Zealand (though in the latter place there were other causes) testify to this melancholy truth. Birds of a feather may flock together, but when they do, they usually fight over the carcase. In one island two different sects of so-called Christians did actually levy war on each other, but I believe such a case is not quite " unknown in Europe." What must the shrewder of the savages think of these sectarian animosities, jealousies, and rivalries 1 Tho miaaionary speaks to lum of a religion of peaco and {ove, unity and concord, and en- larges upon the fact that he and his fellow-believers are all included in one fold, under the caro and guidance of one Shepherd. Nevertheless, the duBky islander perceives that (figura- tively speaking) there is an immense amount of Bheepstealiug going on; that there is much bad blood between the Congregational and the Wealeyan pastors, and that they sometimes get so excited that thoy shake their crooks at each other with clenched fists and set teeth, as though thoy were the servants of separate and hostile masters. Indeed we have only to read Mr. Dyson's My Story of Samoan Methodism in order to comprehend the rancorous feelings which the two sects entertain towards each other. Ho complains that after the AVesleynns had made 13,000 converts, "several hundreds of them were beguiled by false teachers, and thus seduced;" and he tells us that the agenta of the London society declare their "deep conviction that the Wes " ley an missionaries are the most " grievous hindrance to the cause of " Christ in Samoa." Do not these recriminations bear a striking resem- blance to those which the poor crossing sweeper in Bleak Eouse de Bcribed the city missionaries as in- dulging in, when they looked in upon his squalid quarters ? "Different times, there was other genlmen come down Tom-all-Alone's a-prayin', but they all mostly said as the t'other wuns prayed wrong, and all mostly sounded to be a talking to theirselves, or a-passing blame on the t'others, and not a-talkin' to us." And this seems to be pretty much the state of things in Samoa, where the Wealeyan missionaries persist in asserting that the London society's men " pray wrong," while the latter return the compliment with interest. Mr. Dyson, in his book, talks of " individuals, families, and even whole " villages, having left the London ."society and become Methodists;" and of "the Wesleyan Church at " Seetaga having been burnt to the " ground by the natives of the London «' society, in order to burn out the last ,ei traces of Methodism, which shortly " afterwards was proscribed throughout " the island ; " while, as an indication of the sentiments with which these amiable proeelvtisers regard one another, "lae writes, "We really wish for none of " the London society's people, and " would not knowingly feather a 'pa' 41 to catch the best of them." If euch " envy, hatred, malice, and all uncharitableness" are the fruit of missionary competition in the South Seas, would it not be an act of kindness to the natives, as well as an evidence of respect for the Christian religion, to withdraw both missions from Samoa until the reverend gentlemen composing them have acquired something of the spirit as well as the doctrines of tho New Testament. A collision -which took place betwean the rival excursion steamers Williams and Golden Crown, on the 24th ult., off the Queenscliff pier, gave occupation to the Steam Navigation board during last Tuesday and Wednesday, and part of Thursday. On Thursday the board gavo ita decision in the case. It "cautioned " tho master of the Gulden Crown, on the ground that his vessel was astern of the other before the col- lision occurred, and " an article in the " steering and sailing rules of the port " directs that every vessel overtaking " any other vessel shall keep out of the " way of the said last-mentioned vessel, " while there does not appear to have " been any special circumstance to " ronder a departure from this rule "necessary in the case." Probably this Ending waB the only one that would have been technically correct. The Golden Crovm, as the " following " ship, was in the weak aud responsible position accord- ing to the regulations of tho port, but still it has to be borne in mind that two rival ships striving for priority of arrival at a pier, not quite in the same course, and not necessarily bound to arrive ex- actly at the same point, are not altogether in the relative positions of leading and following ships contemplated by the rule. It has also to be considered that the steering of the Williams was a little eccentric, to say the least of it, during the few minutes in which the collision was being matured. But we may let all that pass. The board probably acted in the only way open to it under the regula- tions, and in view of the evidence ad- duced in the case. What we more parti- cularly wish to insist upon just now is, that the investigation of the collision occupied the board two whole days and part of a third, -whereas it might easily havo been concluded in an hour. An experienced magistrate would have dis- posed of it in that space of time or less, and the incident supplies a new illustra- tion of the justice of the complaints that have long beon made, and have recently been enforced in these columns, of in- capacity and effeteness in the tribunal to which is entrusted the important duty of getting at the truth in regard to the shipping accidents that happen in Victorian waters. The contempt which the protectionist newspapers of this colony feel for the understandings of their readers borders on the sublime. It is assumed that the most reckless misstatements will be complacently accepted as impressive truths, and that the most extravagant inventions will be believed in as the trustworthy narratives of actual facts. All this, of course, tends likewise to prove how desperate must be the cause which is compelled to fall back upon fictions and misrepresentations in order to enable it to impose upon the credulity of the public. We have seen it asserted, for example, by one of the organs of class legislation and monopoly, that the Parsees of Bombay and tho Baboos of Calcutta refuse to accept the offer of European capital to develope their jute and cotton mills; the inference which is intended to be conveyed being that these manufactures are exclusively in native hands. Even if it were so, the fact would be highly creditable to local enterprise, and no Englishman who wishes to see India prosper would regret the circumstance. But what is the real state of the case? One of the largest jute factories in Bengal—the Samnuggur—is owned exclusively by men in Dundee. They have a capital of £150,000 embarked in the concern, which is superintended by six Scotchmen, and employs 'ou mon 375 womoll) and 375 ohiidr(m ??° w°rk °n the eight-hour shift system, ¿to Dunbar cotton milla, which are *fc» o ouIy a few hundred yards from tT°i^"».»ggtir jute factory, are being worked by a capital of £100,000, the greater portion of which is heldbyEuro íw,!i.n ?¿cutta. who are represented by inotirmof Mossrs. Schoene, Kilburn, and .Jo.,names which certainly are not thoso w «abóos or Parsees. They employ BnWi noashlre men, as manager, carder, ».»inning master, and engineer respec tively, and about GGO native men, women, and children, the wages ranging from threo to thirty rupees a month, according to capacity ; while, as wo learn from the Times of India, " the regular employ " mont thus afforded to tho local native " population has already exercised a " wholesome moral influence upon the " neighbourhood." Our readers will be able to learn from the foregoing what sort of dependence la to be placed upon the statements which find their way hito the protectionist newspapers of this colony, in their desperate attempts to mislead and deceive tho unfortunate people who look to them for information and guidance. The R.M.S.S. Tanjore, with the December mails, oki Suez, anchored ia the bay at 20 minutes past 5 o'clock yogterday morning The Tanjore has made a fast passage, and her mails yesterday morning, which were landed with promptitude, have been re ceived fully four days before contract time. She had a very fall passenger-list. Amongst those who arrived by her were His Excellency Sir W. H. Gregory, Governor of Ceylon, and Captain Thackwell, A.D.C. The Rev. Dr. Macdonald, of Emerald-hill, also returned from his visit to Europe. The mails, exclusive of those landed at Queenscliff, were distributed as follows :-Melbourne, 265 bags and packages; Tasmania, C9; New Zealand, 87 ; Queensland, 17 ; and Sydney, including the naval squadron and Noumea mails, 57 bags and packages. The mails for Sydney were despatched overland by special train and the New Zealand portion, exclusive ot the bags for Auckland and New Plymouth, go by the s.S. Ringarooma. The Tanjore, after deliveriog mails, went over to Wil- liamstown to land the Melbourne portion of the passengers and cargo, and tranship the Sydney contingent. News was rocoivod in town by telegram yesterday afternoon of the wreck of the ul- and A.M.S. Singapore at Lone Island, near Maokoy. The passengers and crew were landed without any lives being lost. At a meeting of the Executive Council held yesterday afternoon, Colonel Rede, sheriff of the southern bailiwick, waB ap- pointed temporarily to perform the duties of sheriff of the central bailiwick, in place of Mr. W. H. Wright, deceased. Mr. Call, P.M., waB appointed to the office of acting, inspector- general of penal establishments, during the absence of Mr. G. 0. Duncan on leave, the office being rendered vacant through the decease of Mr. Wright. Communications on the subject of the duty imposed in Enclaud on Australian wines were received by the mail. The agent for New South Wales, Mr. Forster, addressed a letter to the Colonial Office, enclosing a re* poit by Mr. Henry Lumsdaine, chief inspector of distilleries in New South Wales, on the strength of colonial wines, similar to the one prepared by Mr. LeBley Moody. Mr. Forster is of opinion that the facts adduced in the report might lead the Commissioner of Customs to a conclusion different to the one previously arrived at. The Commissioner of Customs, in reply, while admitting the results obtained by Mr. 'Moody and Mr, Lumsdaino, aa not only possible but euch os might have been expected, states that these only prove what has always been admitted, that natural wines may, under exceptional circumstances, contain more than 2Gdeg. of proof spirit, but they do not in any way disprove the allega- tion that the great bulk of all the natural wines of the world will not yield by simple fermentation that amount of spirit. The commissioners are of opinion that no new facts have been adduced of sufficient weight to call for a reconsideration of the principle upon which the wine duties are levied in England. The following information concerning Colonel R. Michael laffan and Colonol Scratchley, who aro about to visit these colonies in connexion with the question of defences, will be of interest. Colonel Lbffan has been 39 yeara in the Imperial service. He entered tho Royal Engineers in 1S37, became a lieutenant in 1839, and a captain in 1816. He obtained his majority in 1S08, and became Lieutenant-Colonel in 1859. He was granted the brevet rank of colonel iulSGl, and obtained the full rank in 1870. In 18G5 he went on a special mission to Ceylon to arrange the defences of that colony He now occupies the position of command- ing officer of Royal Engineers and colonol on the Btaff at Gibraltar. Ho doos not appear to have boen present at any engagement. Lieut-Colonel Peter Henry Scratchley, also an officer of the Royal Engineers, has been for 22 years in the Imperial service, and now occupies the position of diroctor of works in the manufacturing depart* mont of Woolwich Arsenat. Ho entered the army in 1804, and was made a lieutenant in the same year. He became a captain in 1859, and obtained the brevetrank of major in 1801 He becamo fall major in 1872, and re- ceived the rank of lieutenant- coloae' in 1874, Colonel Scratchley served in the Crimean war, and was present at the Biege and fall of Sebastopol from August, 1855. He accompanied the expedi- tion to Kinbourn, and received the medal with clasp and Turkish medal. Ho also served in the Indian mutiny in the Oude campaigns in 1857 and 1858, having joined General Windham's forces at Cawnpore ia November, 1857. He was prosont at the siege and capture of Lucknow, and re- ceived the medal with clasp. No reply has yet boen roceived from Mr. Steavenson, secretary for railways, to the com- munication Bent to him from the Govern* ment, calling upon him to answer certain charges made against hie character. The Lincolnshire, the vessel by which Mr. Stea- venson was a passengor, arrived at London on November 25, so that ample time has elapsed for a reply to be sent. The following candidates announce their intention of contesting the next election : Mr. J. Danks, Mr. J. Whiteman, and Mr. James Hennelly, Emerald-hill ; Mr. Bosisto and Mr. L, L. Smith, Richmond ; and Mr. John Gray, member of the Mining Board, Sandhurst. A rumour is current (says the Advertiser) to the effect that Mr. Andrew Rutherford will place himself in nomination for the constituency of Geelong at the general election, Mr, P. Hanna bos issued his address to the electors of Moira. He admits that a revision of the customs laws is necessary to restore our commercial prosperity, but thinks care must be taken not to destroy industries that have grown up and prospered under the present !aws. He will Bupport a land tax on hold 'ngs of 1,000 acres and upwards, and a tax on incomes over £500 a year, and an absentee tax. He ia opposed to payment of members. So far as Gipps Land ia concerned (writos the Mercury) the election campaign has fairly commenced, the suffrages of the electors of loth north and south being already solicited hy Mr. W. E. King for tbo formor and Mr. W. SykeB for the latter. In South Gipps Land Mr. Sykes has been cordially welcomed by many of the residents of Loy Yang, Buln I Buln, and Burrounding district, and tbe can did ato will, we believe, next week prosecute bia canvass at Tarraville, Woodside, Port Albert, and will probably proceed thence to Stockyard Creek and Turton's Creek. Mr. Mason, the present member, will also present himself for re-election, and Dr. Macartney bas also notified his fixed resolve to contest South GippB Land. A numerously signed requi Bition ia being prepared by the selectors at the Moe and vicinity, asking Dr. Lloyd to Btand, and bo far as we can gather thal gen. tie man will do bo. South Gipps Land will thus have fonr candidates to select from, but notting is definitely known yet respecting the number of candidates there will be for the two seats for North Gipps Land. The Ararat Advertiser states :-" We were informed yesterday that a certain section of the protectionists of this constituency, who desire to see their policy ably carriedout, have held a meeting with the view of iûvit. og some gentlemen to stand for the repre ssntation of this district, in opposition to Meiere. M'Lellan and Gannson. We have not ret heard what conclusion waB arrived at." Mr. S. V. Winter, a candidate for the representation of Itichmond, addressed a large meeting of the electors at the local town-hall last night. After stating his views, a question put bom the chair as to .he acceptance of Mr. Winter's candida- ture, waa carried unanimously in the adinna tive. The turret ship Cerberos returned to her mooringa yeBtarday evening, after a three days' trip down the bay, in order to give Gunnery Lieutenant Dugdale an opportunity o! judging of tho capabilities of the vessel as a means of defence. The Cerberus steamed down the Boutli channel on Wednesday, where some shot and shell practice was given, and the capabilities of the vessel were fairly tested. Lieutenant Dugdale will make an official report of the result of his inspec- tion. There will be no sittings of the General Sessions to-day, as the funeral of the late sheriff takes place at 10 o'clock. The following magistrates have been ap- pointed :-Within tbe Central Bailiwick JaraeB Godfrey Pearson, Craigieburn ; George Young, Raleigh-street, Prahran ; John Blair Elmes, Lillydale. Within the Midland Baili wick-Henry Frederick Leech, Boort ; William Johns, Berlin. Within the Southern Baili- wick-John Henry Webb, Piggoreet. The weekly abstract of births and deaths registered in the metropolitan and suburban registration districts during the week ending 27th January, 1877, shows that there were 141 births and 80 deaths. Thirty-eight, or 47J per cent., of the total deaths were of chil- dren not exceeding the age of three years, 31 being under the age of one year. The health of the districts is good. In the Equity Conrfc yesterday, before Mr. Justice Molesworth, an application was made in the suit of Smith v. Blacker for an ordor requiring the defendant, Mrs. Blacker, to bring back from New Zealand the plaintiff, who is about 10 years of age, and is a ward of the Court. Plaintiff is the daughter of the late Mr. IS, S. Smith, solicitor, who died last yearat Fiji. Prior to her father's death, she had been living with a Mrs. Mitchell, one of her aunts, at Toorak. By her father's will it was directed that Mrs. Blacker should be her guardian, and that plaintiff Bhould live with her. Mrs. Blacker, who lives in New Zea- land, came to Victoria, obtained probate of her brother's will, and under a writ of habeas took the child from the possession of Mrs. Mitchell. The lattor, however, still desiring to have the ohild with her, in titated a suit in the name of the infant, n which, among other things, it was asked that there should be an inquiry as to whether it would be for her benefit to remain with Mrs. Blacker or Mrs. Mitchell ; and pending thiB, it was Bought to restrain Mrs, Blacker from removing the child to New Zea' land. Mrs. Blacker, however, paid no atten- tion to this, and on the 28th December left Melbourne for Dunedin, taking the girl with her. It was now asked that she should be directed to bring the child baok. A technical objection was, however, token that the writ of summons on the bill was informal, inas- much ob it did not show who the plaintiff wa?. This objection was allowed, and the application was refused, but without costa. An duplication was mado to Judge Noel yesterday to set aside a composition entered into by Captain John Dane with his creditors. ItwaBollegedthatthe composition wasmerely a sham, and had not been agreed to by all the creditors. The composition Baid to have been accepted wan Id. in the £, His Honour granted a rule nisi calling on the debtor, the trustee, and the creditors to show cause why tho application Bhould not be granted. The General Sessions for February were continued yesterday before Judge Cope. Three lads named John Rochford, Robert NewhouBc, and Matthew Ryan were charged with having assaulted and robbed a Chinese hawker named Lew Clik. Tho offence was eaid to bave been committed on the 3rd De- cember last, when a number of boya set upon the Chinaman near the Benevolent Asylum, and took some tea and £3 14s. from him. Rochford and Newhouso were identified as having taken part in the affair, but the evi- dence against Ryan was not satisfactory, and he was acquitted. The others were convicted. Rochford was sent to gaol for three monthî and Newhouse, who had been convicted of other offenoes, wbb sentenced to 12 months' hard labour. Another youth, named George Harris Adams, was charged with breaking into the house of Wm. Oliver, of Gardiner, with intent to rob. The prisoner had been indentured from the Nelson to Mr. Oliver, in 1873, for a period of five years. Latterly a number of articles were missed from the place, and ultimately the prosecutor determined to set a trap. He therefore pre- tended to leave the house, having fastened the windows and doon. He returned to the house, and concealed himself unknown to the prisoner, who broke through one of the windows, took off his boots, and went into one of the rooms, where he was in the act of examining a drawer when he was arrested. He was found guilty, and remanded for sen- tence. A young man named Peter Travers was charged with assaulting a police con- stable in the execution of his duty, with resisting the police, and trying to evade cap. ture. On the 25th November, Constable Michael O'Grady was on duty in William street, when he saw a crowd collected near Little Bourk e-street. He heard the prisoner making use of some very foul language, and on Travers refusing to desist, O'Grady pro- ceeded to apprehend him. Travers resisted, and though the constable threw him down in the struggle, O'Grady was also knocked off his legs. Prisoner fell on one of O'Grady'a legs, whether by accident or design was not apparent, and the constable's leg was broken in two places above the ankle. The defen- dant denied that he had used any bad lan. guage, and his father gave evidence to the same effect. The jury found the prisoner guilty of resisting the constable in the exe- cution of his duty. Travers admitted a pre- vious conviction in 1S71, for larceny. He was sentenced to six months' hard labour. Alexander Young, a resident of Richmond, was charged with a common asaault upon one James Barr. It appeared that on the 25th November IaBt Barr went to Young's honse to complain about a letter he had received. Young said he would show him what he meant, and took up a pistol and fired it at him. The pistol was loaded only with powder, which scorched Barr's neck. The defence waa that Young had been frequently annoyed by the Barrs, that he took this means to prevent a continuation of the annoyance, and that he did not intend to fire at Barr or to hurt him, but meant only to frighten him. The prisonor was found guilty, and was sentenced to a fine of i'10, or a month's imprisonment, Mr. Candler, the district coroner, held an inquest yesterday at the residence of Mr Geo. Higinbotham, St. Kilda street, Brighton, touchas the death of the late sheriû, Mr W, H. Wright. Mr. C. J, Tovell, Burgoon, stated that he was sent for on the previous morning to see the deceased, Mr. W. H, Wright, about 9 o'clock. He found the do ceased then lying on his right side, in the position of natural sleep. He had evidently been dead Beveral hours. The pott- moilem examination disclosed no marks of external injury. Internally the organs of the chest and abdomen were all healthy. There was a bony sub stance growing, and slightly pressing upon the upper part of the brain, which caused coma and death. The stomach was free from all signs of poison. Mr. T. Higinbotham, ohief engineer of Victorian Railways, Btated that deceased had visited Brighton at his invita- tion, with the intention of dining and stop- ping the night. He came down with Mr. Higinbotham in the train, and was in good spirits during the evening. He retired to his room about a quarter-past 11 o'elock, and ap- peared then to be in perfect health. Deceased did cot appear at breakfast nextmorning, and in a short time Mr, Higinbotham entered his room and found him lying in bed apparently asleep. He was lying on his right side. He then laid his hand upon the shoulder of de- ceased, and found him cold and dead Medical aid was at once sent for. The bedclothes were not disturbed in any way. Mr. George Higinbotham informed the jury that he had slept in the apart, ment adjoining that occupied by the deceased, and shortly after he retired he heard Mr. Wright pull up the window-blind and cough slightly. He heard no other sound arning thenight. The jury returned a verdict of death from natural causes, in accordance with the medical evidence. It has been decided to hold an inquiry into the causes of the death of Mr. James Hope, a squatter in the Geelong district, who died at Williamstown a few days ago from the effects of injuries received through falling from the balcony of an hotel. In a para- graph in yesterday's issue we referred to the peculiar circumstances attending the removal of the body to Geelong before an inquest could be held. Application has been made to the Minister of Justice to issue his order for the exhumation of the body, which has been granted, and an inquest will be held at Geelong. An inquest was held yesterday afternoon by Mr. dandier, city coroner, on the body of Abraham Gordon,' who committed suicide on the previous day. The deceased had recently arrived in this colony from Sydney, where he kept a public-house, and on Tuesday last he applied to the Collingwood licensing magis- trates to have the licence of the London Hotel, in Smith-street, transferred to him from the previous tenant. The appli- cation was postponed to Thursday, in order that inquiries might be made about Gordon, and the police, in answer to a telegram sent to the Sydney police, ascertained that Gordon was fined £5 once for assault, and that there was nothing else recorded against him, but that it was considered he kept a house for questionable characters. When he ap- plied again for the transfer on Thursday it was refused, and he went home and ate a good dinner, after which he went to bed. When he bad been there some time his wife went to his room and observed that he waa snoring heavily. Soon afterwards, when a person went to the room again, it was found that the door was fastened, and a table blocked up againBt it. An entrance was made, and it was then ascertained that deceased had hung himself, having tied a rope to a rail at the head of the bedstead, and then pnt his head in a slip-knot at the other end, and twisted himself so that, hia head came down nearly level to the bed, and remained there till he was dead. From the evidence of the deceased's wife it appeared that he was given to drinking heavily at times, and she stated that she thought he was rather unsound in hia mind. The jury found that the deceased committed suicide while of unsound mind. Al correspondent sent us yesterday a small bottle, half-filled with water, and having at the bottom a long, thread-like worm wriggling itself incessantly into innumerable contor- tions. Our correspondent explains this curious creature's presence in the water as follows:-"I have to enclose for your especial gaze a very odd subjoct. The worm, or whatever it ia, came through the ordinary Yan Yean tap in Collins street thia forenoon. I pro- ceeded at once to experimentalise upon it. I found the worm lively and quite fiieky, wriggling into coila and out again, its Bmallest coil being easily admissible for Bwallowing, say half the size of a little finger nail. I then placed the worm in whisky, wondering how long it might live. For 23 minutée it wriggled about in doses of Btrong whisky, and in 25 minutes it apparently died after uncoiling. Under a poweif ul microscope the worm pre* Bents a head not unlike a snake. For further test I placed it again in fresh water. The result is now with you. The wretch haa come to life again, after a drunken sleep o! three hours. Thia sample of Yan Yean purity cannot evidently be killed with strong whisky, and ia an excellent illustration of tbo dangers of unfiltered water, as illaatrated by Mr. Cosmo Newbery in your columna two days ago. I send you the warm, or whatever it|moy be, as a very intereetiugproot of the 'olly of imagining that taking whisky or other spirits upon impure waters will kill insect or worm life at the early development on closed." A very liberal programme ia put forward by tbe proprietor of tbe Konsington- park Racecourse for an afternoon's racing to-day. The events are numerous and well-ûlled. From the quality of the animals engaged iu the different events, the visitors to thia pleasant suburban course should enjoy some good sport. The first annual meeting of the Sandridge branch of the Free Trade League was held at the George Hotel, Bay-ntroet, last evening; Mr. Swallow in the chair. The principal interests in Sandridge were well represented at the meeting. The minutes of the first preliminary meeting were read, and the officers elected at that meeting were unani- mously confirmed in their appointments namely, Messrs. Thos. Swallow, president; James Elworthy, vice-president; John Turnbull, treasurer; and Henry Dando, secretary. The draft rules, submitted by the secretary, were considered seriatim and adopted. On the motion of Mr. Gunner, seconded by Mr, Salmon, an executive com» millee was elected, comprising the officers of the branch and six members, namely, Messie. Lee, Delbridge, Emerson, Moss, Wilson, Aitken, and Trodd. It wasresolved to ap- point a collector to thoroughly canvass the electorate, enrol adherents, and obtain sub* scriptionB. The members present who bad not previously subscribed handed in their subscriptions, amounting to £20, An infant child, only a few days old, was found last night, about 9 o'clock, in the porch of St, Francis' Cathedral. It was well wrapped up in a Bhawl, and was given over to the police, by whom it was taken to the Lying-in Hospital to be cared for. Nothing is known ns to who left the child in the porch, but inquiries will of course be made with the view of finding out who placed it there. The adjourned general meeting of the Vic- torian Protection League was held at the Temperance-hall, Russell-street, last evening, at 8 o'clock ; Mr. James Fullerton, vice president, in the chair. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed The secretary pro tem. reported that at a meeting called by Mr. Danka for the purpose of forming a branch of the National Reform Loague at Emerald-hilli and nominating a committee to choose two Liberal candidates, an amendment waa carried to the eflect that a branch of the Victorian Protection League bo formed ; and that a meeting be held at Prahran, for the same purpose. Other membera of the league reported that the branches already fo mel were progressing favourably. A meeting of tbo executive was then held. Some experiments were made in the Mel- bourne Gaol yesterday with a new antidote for snake-bite, discovered by Mr. Hurst, who has had a good deal of bush experince [experience] in Queensland. Mr. Hurst has not divulged the nature of his antidote, but the Chief Secretary has promised that he shall be handsomely rewarded should it prove a specific. It is maintained by Mr. Hurst that his remedy will never fail if applied in his way, but yesterday it was applied by Dr. McCrea and Mr. Girdlestone in their way, which was that of injecting snake-poison into the blood of a dog and then injecting the antidote. In one case in which the antidote was applied five minutes after the poison, the dog which seemed to be at the point of death, rapidly recovered. In another case in which the antidote was applied immediately after the poison, the dog died; and it appears that it is injurious to apply it until the poison has had time to circulate in the system. In a case in which snake- poison and the anti- dote mixed were injected, the dog suffered nothing beyond a little sicknesss. A large number of purebred Antwerp calder plgeonR-50 in ftÜ-haye arrived ia the Blackwall liner Highflyer, from London. The birds are in first rate order, and were selected by Mr, Robt. B. Heald, of Wake- field, Yorkshire, Several pairs of the pigeons have been imported by Mr. Fleming, of Brunswick, The Rev. James Martin, of the Collins street Baptist Church, who is spending a holiday in Tasmania, was taken ill with pneumonia a fow days ago. A telegram was received yesterday to the effect that he was not expected to recover, and his son will go over to him to-day. 1 he Wesleyan Conference had its attention called yesterday to the letter which appeared in The Argus from the Rev. S. J. Whitmeo in reference to the Samoa mission. Aa the letter had not been addressed to the Confer- ence that body considered it would hardly be consistent with its dignity to notice the matter. Moreover, the missions were under the charge of the Sydney Conference. It was understood, however, that the Rev. Martin Dyson would answer Mr. Whitmee on behalf of the Wesleyan organisation. The half-yearly meeting of the shareholders of the Commercial Bank was held at the bank, Collins-street west, yesterday, the Hon. James Service presiding. The report re- commending the payment of the usual divi- dend at the rate of 8 per cent per annnm was adopted, with the balance-sheet. The retir- ing directors, Messrs. Service and Jenner, were re-elected ; and Messrs. Tuckett and Bickerton were re elected auditors. Mr. Thomas Taylor, of St. Kilda, as at the last half-yearly meeting, attacked the directors and the manager, but he met with no sup- port whatever, and on the motion of Mr. W. A. Zeal, a resolution waa carried amid ap- plause discrediting Mr. Taylor's statements, and expressing the confidence of the share holders in the management of the bank. The dividend will be payable to day. The subscribers to the Melbourne Home and Governesses' Institute, Lonsdale- Btreet Weet, held their 13th annual mooting at the Town-hall yesterday, the mayorof Melbourne presiding. The report stated that the insti- tution was not only fulfilling the objects for which it was originally founded, but was extending its sphere of use- fulness by the establishment of various classes in connexion with it Daring the year there had been registered ' at the institution C8 governesses and 598 needle women and servants. The daily average of inmates during the year was 19. The balance-sheet showed a credit balance at the end of 187G of £82 Os. 7d. The report and balance-sheet were adopted, and office- bearers appointed for the ensuing year-Mrs. Moorhouse being elected president in the place of Mrs, Perry, and Mrs. Macartney vice- president. The half-yearly meeting of tho Melbourne Woollen Mill Company was held at the Tem- perance-hall, Russell-street, last night. Mr. J. Munro, M.L.A., occupied the ehalr. The chairman, in moving the adoption of the report and balance- sheet, stated that last year they wore' £058 in debt. A good deal of the succeBS of the company's work, he considered, was due to the skill and energy of the manager. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. The sum of £80 was voted to the directors for their services during the past year. Messrs. Bell, Bowen, and J. Robertson were re. elected directors. Mr. F. E, Beaver was elected a director in the place of Mr. J, Danks resigned. A unanimous vote of thanka was passed to the directors for their services rendered during the past half-year. A young man named Edward Nunn, who had represented himself as a brother of Mr. Nunn, of Buckley and Nunn," drapers, was charged at the City Police Court yesterday with stealing a portmanteau, some ladies' underclothing, a suit of clothes, and other goods, the proporty of Mr. James Leighton, of Lonsdalestreet, outfitter. The prisoner bad been in the employment of Mr. Leighton, and the goods were sworn to aa being the property of the latter. They were found in a room occupied by the pri soner at the Niagara Hotel, in Lonsdale Btrett west. It was shown that the prisoner was no connexion whatever of Mr. Nunn, and as he pleaded not guilty, he was com- mitted for trial at the Criminal Sessions, to commence on the 15th inst. Several publicans were summoned to the City Police Court yesterday for Sunday trading. James Chanter, of Chanter's Hotel, Eing-Btreet, was summoned by the police for permitting drink to be consumed on his premises last Sunday evening. The evidence was that over 50 people went into the hotel by the back door in little more than half an hour on Sunday evening, and that when two policemen went into the house some men were in it drinking ale, who said they were not lodgers. The defendant waa fined £5. Mrs. M. A. Lafonta, keeper of the Greyhound Hotel, Bourko-street west, was aleo summoned for permitting drink to bo consumed on her promises on the evening of Sunday, the 28th ult, and was also fined £5. ; In another case, Mrs. Margaret Court- ney, landlady of the Exploration Hotel, in Little Lonsdale-street east, was charged with permitting liquor to be Bold in her house last Sunday. Two constables went into the housointhe evening, and Baw two men with pint pots of beer before them, but the beer waa removed by a young man as soon as he saw the constables in the house. The Bench thought there was some doubt as to whether the evidence was sufficient, and dismiseed the case, at the samo time giving Mrs. Courtney a caution against Sunday trading. A warrant waa issued by Mr. Sturt, P.M., about a fortnight ago for the arrest of a young man calling himself A. E. St Vincent, squatter, of Warrego Station, Howlong, N.S.W., who Btayed a short time at Grim bly's Hotel, Brighton, ahd paid for his board, &a;, by cheques on the Flinders-street branch of the Bank of New South Wales, which tnrned out to be valueless, the answer being, "no account." By adroitly using tho acquaintance he formed at Brighton, he ob- tained a large musical-box from Messrs. W. H. Rooke and Co. of tbo value of £810a., and jewellery, consisting of a mosaic brooch, and earrings, diamond ring, &c;, from Mr. Kleiser, of BcurUeatreet, to the value of about £19, which he also paid for by valueless cheques. Although information was promptly given to the defectivo police, and a warrant was placed in their hands, wo have aa yet heard nothing of the captare of the impostor, or of the finding of tbo proporty. His descrip- tion is as follows :-Height about 5ft Sin., ago about 30, face shaved, dark hair parted in middle, flat nose, disposition quiet, fond of staying at the best hotels. The following casualty cases were ad- mitted to the Melbourno Hospital yester' day ¡-Edward Anson, a boy eight years old, who reeided at Grant-place, Emerald-hill, srfferiDg from a fractured tbigh. He had attempted to get on a lorry in the Btreot, but fell, and the wheel passed over his leg. Alfred Sawyer, aged 211, a resident of Napior street. Fitzroy. A bag of grain fell on him off a ehoot when he was loading a waggon at Kirapton and Rush's Hour-mill, and fractured his knee-cap. Mary Elizabeth Grimshaw, four years and a half old, whose parents reside at Jamea-Btreet Fitzroy, suffering from burns on side. She was reported to have set fire to a bed ehe was lying in with a match. Peter Faulkner, aged 31, admitted with a fractured skull, and a severe wound on his leg. He was employed driving a carriage and pair of horses for Mr. Bolitho, of St. Kilda, and while he was near Alston and Brown's with them, the pole by some accident broke. The horses then bolted, and capsised the carriage, which cansed the injuries to Faulkner. There was no other person but him in the carriage at the time. About half-past 2 a.m. yesterday a fire broke out in a wooden stable at the baok of the Bay View Hotel, High-street St Kilda. The fire quickly spread to a four-roomed cot- tage occupied by Mr. Stuart Robinson, and tbo roof ovorono room was completely burnt off. Tho St Kilda Fire Brigado were quickly on the Bpor, and stopped the progress of the fire. The Btable waa burnt to the ground. The canee of the fire ia not known. A meeting of the publicans of Prahran and South Yarra was held last evening at the Mechanics' Institute, Chapel-street, at which resolutions were passed in favour of carry- ing out the Sunday trading clauaeB of the present act, and of obtaining the views of all intending candidates at the forthcoming eloction. The meeting was very unanimous, and was, 'numerically, a good representation of the trade. Allan's Premier Brass Band will perform the following selection of music on the St. Kilda Esplanade this afternoon:—Grand march, "The Inflexible," Kelly; quadrille, "Spanish Bouquet," Metcalf; fantasia on Scotch airs, "Bonnie Scotland," Sibold; waltz, "The Dragoon Guards," Jones; musical extravaganza, "The Derby-day," Basquit; galop, "Cliquot," Riviere; fantasia on Irish minstrelsy, "Erin-go-bragh," Metcalf; waltz, " Messenger of Love," Coote; galop, "Orphée aux Enfers," Riviére. Leydin's Carlton District Band will per- form in the Carlton gardens this after* noon, from holf-paets to half-past 5. The following is the programme ¡-March, " I'm a Soldier,"Sydney Jones ; selection, "Christy Minstrels," Metcalf ; schottische, " Lui. laby" (by desire), Fritz Dremling; overture, "Baeur and Dichter,"Suppe; waltz, "Messenger of Love," Coote; selection, "Grand Dúchese," Offenbach ; march, " Tann. hauser," Wagner ; galop, " The Ghost," Musgrave; "God Save the Queen," The Bishop of Melbourne is to lay the foundation-Btone of the Collegiate School on the occasion of his visit to Sandhurst on i he 18th inst Arrangements were made not night (writes our correspondent) at a meeting of clergymen and lay gentlemen held in the vestry of All Saints' Church, to give the bishop a fitting reception, and a committee waa formed of representj^wetp rom AU Sainte', St. Paul's, and St Pöwlfas churches, to carry ont the dotaila. \T biBhop is to be entertained at the Masofitc hall at 3o'clock in the afternoon of the loth inst., and a service will be held in St. Paul's Church in the ovening, at which the bishop is to be requested to preach. A telegram dated Singapore, December 23, states :-" The Malay tribunal appointed to try thoee accused of the murder of Mr. Birch, baa sentenced Panic Adam and the Mahara- jah of Lela, and Bix others, to be hanged. The sentence will probably be commuted." A Shanghai telegram of the 4th January saya:-"The Shanghai Courier states that Spanish Minister has broken off rotations with the Chinese Government. The Spanish fleet baa been ordered to China. Tho cauae of the rnpture is doubtful, but unsettled claims and the Cuban difficulty are men- tioned." We leam from the Times of India of the 1st January that "the s.S. Travancore, from China, reports having spoken the ship G. F. Manson, Captain Humphrey, off Viugorla Rocks, which ship had been in collision with the steamer Ambassador in lat 15deg.l5min, N., Ion. 73deg. 27min. E. off Goa. The Am basiador sank in 15 minutes, and 23 of her crew went down in her, including the second and third officers and second and third engineers. The captain, chief offioer, and chief engineer were saved. The Ambassador waa bound from Calcutta to Bombay. The G. F. Manson has a large hole in her bow." Mr. Parsons' team of Hindoo polo players will appear first at Ballarat on the 10th inst. The /Star/ states that the Hindoos belong five to one tribe or people, and five to another, and play five against five. One team are said to be able to hold their own against any ten in Australia. A very attractive programme is announced for the People's Concert in the Temperance ball, Rueaell-street, this evening. In addi- tion to the usual vocal and instrumental selections, Monsieur De Croix will make bia re- appearance in new feats on tho invisible wire. Tbe chair will be occupied by Mr. R. S. Inglis, M.L.A., and Mr. Frank Richardson will act as conductor. Miss Dwight will preside at the piano. The Theatre Royal waa well attended last night. The pantomime has bBon consider ably altered since it was first performed. Mr Harwood creates much fun in the character of "The Vagabond." Mr. Cavanagh'^ benefit ia announced for next Thursday evening, when the pantomime will be par formed for the last time. Mr. Garnet Walch takes bia benefit on Monday, and Tom Wieland, the clown, on Tuesday. The pantomime of the "King of the Peacocks" was performed last night at the Opera-house, for the benefit of the persons employed in the theatre. The pantomime will be performed for the last time this evening. Next week the dress-circle will be closed for decoration and upholstering. On Monday night "Giroflé-Girofla" will be given. The performance of the comedy drama "Danicheff" is announced for Monday the 12th inst. The clever performances of the Royal Illusionists at St. George's Hall have been well patronised during the week. The tricks performed hy the Davenport Brothers are well exposed by Mr. Keller, who takoa leaa time to perform the so-called spiritual mani festalions than waa taken by the Messrs Davenport. Tho sudden growth of rose bushes, performed by Mc. Keller, ia a very clever and pretty piece of conjuring. The performancea of "Yamadeva," the "man serpent," aro most extraordinary. The pleasant pantomime of " Bluebeard ', continues to attract the public to the "Academy of Music." The singing and dancing of the sisters Grey are much np. plauded, Thero waa a splendid attendance at Cooper, Bailey, and Co.'a Circus and Menagerie laat night. The circus performancea were very good, and Signoretta Zenobia with the flying rings, and Mr. Robinson and hia son in their riding feats, wero especially applauded. Aa n statement has boen circulated to the effect that cats and doga are given to the animals in the menagerie for food, and that boys taking them were admitted freo to the exhibition, the proprietors desiro to contradiot the re- port as being untrue. Occasionally boya take dogs and cats to the door, offering them for sale, but thoy have never been purchased, nor do the proprietors desire to purcboae any. The meat the animals are fed on ia pare and wholesome, and ia procured daily of Mr. T. K. Bennet. We have received £2 from J. Clarke, for the lady who wishes to join her huBbandin California. Wo havo received from Mr, A. J. Smith, ot Swanston-street, the Sunday Magazine for December. The Melbourne Debating Society meeta in the Assembly-hall, Collins-street, on Monday evening. The nubjoct for discussion ia, "Are there signs of decay in tho British empire ?" The inhabitants of Springfield offer a reward of £50 for the discovery of the peraon who, on the 23rd ult., aet fire to the property of Mr. John Savage, farmor. A lecture will be delivered under tho nuapices of the Fitr.roy Young Men's Asso- ciai ion on Monday evening next by the Rev. D. Meadowcroft. We have received from Measrs. Gordon and Gotch the " Australasian ABC Hillway nnd Road Guide" for Fobruary ; aud from MeeaiR. Sands and M'Dougnll their pocket diary for the earne month. The "Victorian Postal and Telegraph Guide" for February hue also reached ue. The Sorrento Mechanics' Institute will be inaugurated this evening by a public concert, in which Mr. and Mrs. Perraton, Mr. George Coppin, and others will take part. Sir C. Gavan Duffy will also deliver a brief ad The report of the Lying, in-Hospital and Hospital for Diseases of Women and Children for the wceking ending February 1, shows : 4Ü patients in hospital, 12 admitted during the week, 11 discharged, none died, 41 remain in hospital. Total number of out-patients for the week, 113 ; new cases, 10. A steamboat excursion down the hay to Portsea, to celebrate the anniversary of the Port Phillip District of the Manchester Unity Independent Order of Oddfellows, will take place on Tuesday, the 6th inst, the steamer Williams having been chartered for the occasion. A very efficient band has been Íirovided, and every provision baa been made or the comfoit ol tho visitors! both on. board and at Poiteee, 