THE SCULLERS' CHAMPIONSHIP. (From tlie Daily lelegraph. May 29.) A more active and efficient agent even than Mr. Lord, of the Thames Conservancy, in clearing the course between Putney and Mortlake yesterday after noon, was a tempest of rain and wind. The river was lashed into an angry roar, and seemed as though it would vent its fury on the slender boats of the com peting scullers. Many persons had assembled on the hanVe -(vyi* +\ip Tnnvnino- nrna vow 'Pair nf ?nrnmico a-nH there was hope even in the keen, dry wind that ac companied a too early brightness and warmth of sun shine. But the hurricane that swept the river and threatened to swamp the boats had a marvellously sudden effect in diminishing the crowd, as well as in changing what was left of it into a black shining mass of umbrellas. Of the two men who met to try their strength in the scullers' race for the championship of England and £400, it is not necessary to say much, as their former achievements are in the memory of all who take an interest in aquatics. John Higgins is a Shadwell waterman, who, in the International Regatta, last October, was vanquished by the youthful Blackman, and Robert Watson Boyd is a Tynesider, who in turn beat Blackman on the memorable occasion we have just referred to. Four steamers were chartered to accompany yesterday's race, and they were all crowded. The time appointed for the start was a quarter-past 2, but as usuaL it took place somewhat later, the word being given precisely at a quarter to 3. As Boyd was known to be suffering from an attack of boils, the betting had been strongly in favour of Higgins, the odds at an early period of the day being 2 to 1, but as soon as the rough weather began to affect the state of the water, making it as lumpy as it might have been at Blackwall, the differ ence gradually sank till in a few instances 11 to 10 was taken. Boyd was attended by B agnail, and Higgins by Drewitt, and each man was cheered on stripping, though the appearance of Boyd was decidedly bstter than that of his opponent. A clear lead of two lengths was gained at the start by Boyd, who from that moment held the race secure, Higgins not having the ghost of a chance against him. To the Gates head man the storm-troubled water was a piece of good luck, and the knowledge of this fact, indeed, had completely changed the betting. Before the Bishop's 'Walk was quite passed by the leading man, his boat was four lengths ahead ; and he was sculling easily at an increased distance— probably at five or six lengths— when going by the Crab Tree. Higgins, on the other hand, laboured hard, as the south westerly squall was rising to a dangerous fury. The Soapwork6 were reached in 7 minutes 8 seconds by Boyd, and 7 minutes 17 seconds by Higgins; and Hammersmith Bridge in 8 minutes 41 seconds by Boyd, and 8 minutes 50 seconds by Higgins ; but the nine seconds' difference might easily have been in creased by Boyd had . he thought it necessary to exert himself a little more. So hollow a race would necessarily have been a very dull and unexciting one, had not a* cause of auxious uncertainty arisen from the perturbed condition of the tide. It was by no means unlikely that accident might turn the fortunes of the day ; for a positive sea was running, and the frail craft were buffeting with white-crested waves that ever and anon hid them from sight. Still, it was far more probable that Higgins should be the sufferer than that mischance should happen to Boyd : for while the latter shot his boat with comparative steadiness through the foam, Higgins seemed all abroad, and was compelled again and again to stop, in order to right his staggering vessel. A space of at least 200 yards was between the men as Boyd went under Barnes Bridge, and that he could have won by a quarter of a mile is undeniable, had not he judiciously slackened pace. As it was, Higgins, who showed an ?utter inability to contend with rough water, was about twenty lengths behind at the finish, Boyd winning in 28 minutes 24 seconds by Benson's chronograph. With the stakes of £400 and the scullers' champion ship, Boyd also took, as a challenge trophy, the hand some cup given by the proprietors of a Newcastle paper. It is very likely that Boyd or Blackman may go to Australia, and there compete with Trickett, who last June easily defeated Joseph Sadler for the Thames Championship, but declined, before leaving England, to row with Higgins. Members and Local Charities. — Everyone (says the Australasian) must, approve of the reply sent by Sir Charles Duffy to the Bairnsdale Mechanics' Insti tute, which canvassed him for a subscription as a member for the district. The hon. gentleman declined the request, not wishing to recognise the ' vicious principle ' of any obligation on the part of members of Parliament to contribute to local objects. ' 