( From the Courier.) Dalby, April 9.— An old woman named Beeton was found drowned in Myall Creek this morning. She is supposed to have fallen in while intoxicated. Sydney, April 9. -Advices from New York report the ships Locksley Hall and Stella Marls loading with kerosene oil, &c.;, for Queensland. \- There was a great influx of visitors into Sydney during the past week from the country districts and the other colonies.— The steamers on Saturday and to-day, from Melbourne, Bris bane, and Grafton, were crowded— A man named James Jones attacked h is paramour on Saturday, on the Dubbo-road, with a tomahawk, inflicting six wounds on her head. He also wounded two children, and when locked up ran with full force against a log inflicting a frightful gash on his skuli . He is supposed to be insane. — — The schooner S. M. Statson,- bound from Newcastle to San Francisco, with coal, sprung a leak when 400 miles to the eastward of Cape Howe. The water gained rapidly, so the cap tain bore for Howe's Island, where he beached his Tessel, landing all hands safely. Three of the crew took a boat and reached here yester day. — A lunatic escaped on Saturday from Gladesville. He mounted a visitor's horse, and galloped away until thrown in jumping a fence, and afterwards swam across the Parra matta River, but was eventually recaptured. Melbourne, April 9. — The Supreme Court has granted a rule, nisi for leave to appeal to the Privy Council, in the case of Langton v. Syme. — A new automatic buoy, an American invention, for lessening the danger or ship wreck, was fixed in the South Channel on Saturday. Adelaide, April 0 — There were originally seven cases of .smallpox on board the British Enterprise, ship, from London. — An order has been issued for all the children to be vacci nated. ( From the Telegraph .) Cooktown, April 7.— A largely attended meeting was held last night to protest against the proposed removal of the Palmer escort from Cooktown to Cairns. It was pointed out that the removal would prove no economy, as the Mitchell, on the new route, would be uncross able in bad weather. Should the escort be changed it would prove a great blow to the credit of Cooktown.— The Thales is still lying off the port. The Government persist that she shall proceed at once to Fitzroy Island, but the oflicers of the vessel positively refuse to go, i stating that the vessel is so badly injured that j were she to proceed to sea she would most likely sink. April 9.— The Thales is still lying at her anchorage off this port. All on board declare that it would be iusane to move her in her present condition, as she requires constant pumping. The sick man on board is nearly well.— The body of a man has been found in Lhe Barron liiVcr, partly eaten by alligators. The body is believed to be that of Mr. Mai thews, lately a ordial manufacturer in Cookie, wn. — The wc-ather -, shewery, but the roads are tvaduaJly drying up. SYDNEY. April 7. -There has been a very large increase iu the number of cases tried at quarter sessions, principally larcenies. — A man named Henry Homer Ellis has beeu drowned by the upsetting of a boat in the harbor. An other man was saved after he had been on the bottom of tbe boat for five hours.— The woman wha claimed £8,000 under a second will of the late Mr. Hancock, and which has been decided by the Courts to be a forgery, declares that the ghost of Hancock appeared to her two nights back, apparently in great grief. April 9. — The spiritualistic lectures have called forth many replies. — A man. whose name is unknown, was run over by an omnibus in the city on Saturday night and killed. — An- other Australian Blondin has announced his appearance in the city. Mebourne, April 6. — A burglar, while making a daring attempt to rob the Post- office at Echuca. was shot at aud wounded by the keeper, and captured. Adelaide, April 6.— Mr. Villeneuve Smith, who was imprisoned and lined for libelling the Judge iu Insolvency, and afterwards became a candidate for the Legislative Council, has been rejected. (j From, the S. M. Herald.') Yass, April 6. — Sergeant Foley aud trooper Townseud, who were indicted on a charge of manslaughter, for causing the death of Father William Healy at Narrandera, have beeu ac quitted. The jnry returned the verdict of not guilty without leaving the box. 