FORTUNE. WE are all more or less the children of chance. Some of us seem to be more particularly favored. by fortune; some, seem to be the victims of adversity; and others, neither the one thing, or the other—tumbled about from pillar to post ; with here a streak of fat luck, and there a very faint streak of the leanest kind. But every one of us is lucky in one respect ; that is, in gaining admittance into this living and breathing world. Our being born is but the result of accident, philosophize as you may upon the subject. We have unconsciously managed to squeeze into this world and exist, and feel what a glorious escape we have made from remaining for ever in the womb of non- entity. Let us congratulate one another then that we live, move, and have a being upon this important globe. Many persons imagine that they are born to misfortune, and seem to strive their best to foster these ridiculous fancies. They will have it that their neighbours reap richer harvests from the fields of chance than themselves ; but were they to view things in a proper light, they would find that while they, through care- lessness, or some paramount cause, were never ready for the ever-changing goddess Fortune, their more careful neighbors are reaping a double harvest. They find a shilling in the street, and exclaim as they pocket the disap- pointment—" Just my luck, if anybody else had found it, it would sui'e to have been a sovereign." If they feel for a knife in the dark, among a bushel of knives and forks, they seem certain to lay hold of the latter. What ever they do, and wherever they go, every- thing (according to their manner of thinking) works against them, but in accordance with my humble opinion they work against themselves. If you think to the contrary, you labor under a mistaken idea. The man who petitioned for the removal of some lamp-posts because they interfered with him in his nocturnal perambu- lations, considered himself a victim to misfor- tune. He might have been so ; but the poor lamp-posts had more reason to complain of hard rubs than himself. The fact is this, some, rather than depend upon labor, are too apt to rely upon fortune ; and when the latter betrays confidence, they owe it a grudge that time can never pay. To test your luck, don't throw dice or buy lottery tickets, but put your hand to the plough, and hold on ; or drive the cattle and let some one else hold, but be sure that you do one or the other, and the end thereof shall be fortunate. You may as well expect a bar of iron to melt with the breath of a northern wind, or the stars to be blown out by an equinoctial gale, as to expect, that good luck will keep company with a loafer, who is too lazy to work, and so de- pend upon the precarious crumbs of chance for an existence, if you firmly believe in an unalterable decree of luck, you must not com- plain if you have more of the bad sort attach- ed to your remembrance. Monday and Satur- day will enter into a conspiracy against you ; all your new moons will be seen over the left shoulder, and the clouds will be certain to take the opportunity to rain when they catch you without an umbrella. One mortal is just as liable to mishap as another. Keep clear of the fire, and you will escape being burned, go not near the water and there is no danger of get- ting drowned ; look not for the apparitions of ill-fortune, and you will see but few of them, at the most ; and they, like all other ghosts, possess more power to scare than harm. 