'Tlie Ghost in tlie l*awn Shop.' (To tlio Editor of tlii! ' Illawarra Mercury.' ) Siu, — In justice to our Company of Christy Minstrels, I hope you will permit me to correct a somewhat erroneous impression that a remark in your report of the entertainment given at tho Temperance Hall, on Wednesday evening last, by us, on behalf of the Hospital, has given rise to. In alluding to tho farce of 'Tho Ghost in tho Pawn Shop,' as performed on that occasion, your reporter says, ' With reference to this part of tho proceedings, wc would offer one word of advice to the Company, and that is that, i;i,„,.i;no tl.r.iT tolen ivifl. Hi,, innln iTiiinurm nuuii/.vo '?'.j »»» ? ? - ? ? sex in the courso of their ' Pawn Shop' business, the names of ladies should not be introduced, as was done in a most unwarrantable and improper manner on Wednesday ovening.' Finding that many persons who havo read these remarks aro under the impression that tho names of ladies must havo been mentioned in a most vulgar, coarse, and indelicate manner on tho occa sion, I take this opportunity of stating most emphatically that such was in no way tho case. Ladies' names were certainly mentioned in tho i courso of tho Pawn Shop proceedings, but I con tend that such was dono most delicately, and I without tho uso of even ono word, hint, or insinua tion that could in tho slightest degree bo construed into coarseness, slander, or contempt. I fully admit the impropriety of the names of ladies being referred to in any way whatever on such occasions, and in this instance it was done inad vertently, unthinkingly, and in the most innocent manner possible, nothing being farther from tho mind of every member of our Company than to wound tho feelings or give olfenco to any of tho .fair dangliters of Eve. And I appeal to all who were present at tho entertainment as to tho cor rectness of every word I hero state. So far as your remark refers to making use of the names of ladies in any way whatever in the course of our entertainments, T may state that such rule will bo rigidly adhered to by our Company for tho future. My only object in writing is to correct the idea that has got abroad to tho effect that coarseness and vulgarity had been used by us on tho occasion in question. Our object in giving entertainments now and again is to amuse our audiences, and at the same time benefit some charitable objects or institutions. Tho mero money proceeds of our efforts as a Company we caro not for individually. that 'He who steals our purse, steals trash, But he who filches us of our good name, Takes that which naught enriches him, But makes tis poor indeed.' I remain, &c.;, GEORGE COCHRANE, Hon.. Sec. Wollougong Christy Minstrels. June 15th. 