G. A. SALA ON ANTI-RUSSIAN PANIC. The bodies of some eight thousand Englishmen, moulder peacefully in this (Scutari) graveyard. % fancy that the remembrance of their deaths might moderate the frenzy of the politicians who seem base on hounding England on to a fresh war with Russia. Surely these politicians must be mainly young linen, or they must have very short memories to remember the episodes of the Crimean War as though they had happened yesterday ; for then, as now, I was earning my daily bread by literature and journalism, and the war brought me every day fresh materials for my part. I was within an ace in 1856 of going to Sebastopol, but I went to Russia instead. Can you not recall, you who'ars middle aged, and whose memories are good, those two miserable years between the fight at the Alma and the fall of the Malakoff? Do you remember the Ghost's Derby Day of 1855? Do you remember when, on the cliff' at Brighton and the Marina at St Leonards, you could scarcely walk ten paces without meeting groups of ladies and children clad in deepest mourning for their fathers, husbands,, brothers, sweethearts slain in that wretched Chars?, rise, or who had sickened And died in the cheerless wards of the Scutari Hospital ? Are we to have these years of private agony and bereavement, of public blundering and mismanagement, over again? I suppose so ; glory is a very fine thing. I am only . pekin, a civilian, and I know nothing about glory ; but I confess that my blood grows cold, sod that my heart sickens, when I hear politicians prating about the arbitrament of the sword," and "war clearing the atmosphere," and so forth. I never met glory yet, and I don't know what he or she is like ; but I have met war face to face half-a-dozen times in as many countries. I have looked into the whites, or rather crimson, of his eyes, and I have gazed upon the sisters who follow him whomsoever he goes. They are three sisters, and their names are " Rapide," and " Disease " and " Death." This is, of course, a miserably craven and spiritless way of looking at war. I cannot help it. I have seen only war's madness and wickedness, its foulness and squalor. To me it has represented nothing but robbery and profligacy, but famine and slaughter and I cannot but think that if the warlike politicians were to witness just half-an- hour of actual warfare, as I have witnessed it in America, in Italy, in Mexico, in France, in Spain, their martial ardour would cool down a little, and they would not be quite so prompt to blow the bellicose trumpets.- Illustrated London News. A TRIUMPH OF CIIEVUSTUY.--Arnon? the chemical triumphs of the nineteenth century none has been fraught with more important results than the discovery twenty-five years ago, that by combining with a certain stimulant of absolute purity and agreeable flavour special medicinal ingredients of vegetable origin, a remedy was obtained for local or general debility, kidney (disease, Riavcl, dyspepsia, romrUtia tion, and many other ailments. The name of (Ms remedial wonders Huonville WOLFE'S Scaup .AsoMATiD Sons Are. 