THE MYSTERIES OE CRIME ; . .. ; OEj , ' • The Expediences of as Edutbtjbgh Detective.—Xo. XXX. [Published -by special arrangement with the Author.] SPIRIT NELLY'S MISSION. Did you oyer, gentle reader, in your wan derings come unexpectedly on alone flower, rearing its wee head in neglect and obscurity, and seeming to have no particular mission in tbe world but to wither and_ die ? I tliinlr you have. You came upon it in tbe most unlikely place—perhaps among shaggy, frowning rocks,; or in the midst of a barren waste, or on the brink of a boiling torrent, where'a single spray would have swept it to destruction ; but there it was,' catching the faintest glimpse of the sunshine, breath ing the tiniest portion of the.-air, unchoked by surrounding weeds; and srniling upwards, untarnished and:unhurt,' wliile it fulfilled its mission.' 'That mission inightbC tbIe|L. you a-thinkifig^perhaps to inspirey on with'., some pure thought or kind feeling, or to point you to a holier and better life. ! Nature repeats itself. _ Human flowers crop out here and there in just the same way and under the same adverse circum stances. Perhaps you will say this is a truth unlikely to be discovered by a detec tive. Ah, it is the lot of a detective to come upon many sweet and tender things even in the prosecution of his stern calling. The following story presents a case in point. Hundreds knew Spirit Nelly, and those hundreds, looking in wonderment and awe upon her slender figure, strangely winning ways, and soft dark eyes, unearthly in their lustre, first, said she was like a spirit, and then for shortness called her Spirit Nelly. Spirit Nelly was just thirteen, and too white and pinched-looking to be beautiful. It was not want so much as a world of care and thought that dwelt in her oval jface, and made strangers turn round and gaze aftert - her _ aa 'she glided along: our smooth. streets, carrying - her paper screens, flowers, andother tasteful-handiwork. ' Nelly's.; father, was "a thief—a powerful, hulking vfilain, who upon one occasion had broken a policeman's arm, and nearly bitten off one of McSweeny's. ears—but of course, , she could not help that. She had tried hard to help it of amend it ever since she had been able to put two ideas together; but though she had a great hold on her father, crimeJiad.a stronger one, and all her" schemes and plans seemed ;to b<f thrown to ,the winds. Every year saw Nelly more slender and spirit-like, every year saw Tom .Heath, her father, more depraved,- more .involved with the worst of criminals, and more reckless and daring than before. TTis wife Kate—Spirit Nelly's mother—kept a cheap lodging-house or traveller's home | away up at the top of one of those high lands in the Lawnmarket, and had a hard | enough struggle to live. Live, did I say ? : She didn't live. Her life was a continual death. The villain she was tied to absorbed all the profits of her house* and more, and when he failed to make up what more his pockets demanded outside in his own way, he.came home and vented Bis fury and strength on her. To lift up a, -fender or a stool and fell her to the ground were but : cpuijtton occurrences with mm, ?' - ^ The only gleams of happiness that made life endurable to the j>oor, long- suffering woman were the society of Spirit Nelly and the absence of her husband, when we had liim safe by the heels in prison. Then they had happy times, and the " huggerv muggery" garret they retained for their own use appearedia little heaven. Singing was there, and sunshine, and quiet joy; and the rosy paper which they cut and-crimped with nimble fingers into flowers then seemed positively to throw j its reflation; up\into SpiritNefly's cheeks.. r'_ •' And did they hate the cause of so much misery and unhappiness? Reluctantly, I must confess the truth—No. Did they lo ve liim ? Still more reluctantly, and quite as truthfufiy,Tmust say—Yes. : ; . Spmti 'Nellyj loved, him'because he was her father—because he never struck her, '■ and because she could see good in him that no one else had eyes for; and ; Kate; Heath loved ; him because—because , she was a woman add he her husband. And : so they prayed and hoped, and fought back | the crushing despair which often tried to ; creep into their hearts, and Nelly .yearned, : after her father as the' one object which she .was willing to live or. die to save from : crime or evil. " But I'm afraid it's all no use," she said one day. to her mother, over the paper ; work which kept them from starvation, i" I don't see what God sent me into the 'world for at all—only to be a burden to you .and every-one else." " j " A burden, Nelly ?" cried, the mother, j looking up at the strange words. "Do'you j want to cut my heart open that you said 1 jthem cruel words P A burden 1" and she 'dropped , paper, scissors, and all to strain [Spirit Nelly to her breast. " You are all j •my world, Nelly, and if you were taken I •would lav down and die." — I i Nelly thought something -which had often idwelt in her mind before, but' ittook a long time to bring it to her lips. Her tone was low when she answered, but every breath of it fell- sharp and quick on the mother's ears. " Ah, but, mother, I will be taken some day—I'm so weak, and—oh, mother, what have I said?" ' i A stony whitening of her mother's face had caught, her uplifted eye, and, with a fearful pang at her heart, she drew her mother's face to her bosom, and then tried to kiss away the imprint of terror. : " Nelly !" gasped the mother, " You're always strange, but if you love me—if you don't want to kill me, never speak such a word again." ■ " I won't, I won't! There, don't look so awful. You don't understand me. I meant that I would perhaps not live so long—so lpng as other folks—that's all—that's , all, mother. But I'll live a long time yet—oh, 3fm sure of that!" but the hasty assurances only brought the tears in the mother's eyes and it took a great deal of kissing to.get them away. Nelly tried to throw the sunshine of a smile through her own tears, and, drawing her mother closer, whispered— "Now listen, mother, and I'll tell you why I'm sure—because on Sunday I heard that every one, though they should only live a day or two, has some good to do in the world. My good isn't done yet. It won't be done till father is an honest, good man. Something tells me so, and that, I'm afraid, will be a long, long time," and strangely enough, with the smile of triumph there came a heavy, weary sigh. " So you see, mother, I'll be spared—oh, ever so long!" • " And you're doing the good every day," rejoined the mother, carried away for the moment by the girlish reasoning. " No one has such power over him as you, and the wonder is that when you beseech him he , does not change entirely. But he won't; and it'll go on and on till he kills somebody, and gets hung for it^and disgraces us all for ever. Oh,* wistharu ! did ever I think, " when I was a young, simple girl, and took him for better or worse, that I'd be the wife of a thief and a robher!" ! There could be1 no cheering answer to this, but by and bye Nelly found courage to break the silence and say— ' - : " There's something oh your mind to-day, mother; I've seen it' ever since he went out., May I know about it?" . ; " You're, better without it, darling," re turhed Jthe mother, darkly and bitterly, frmilVlo'll rrnmfl on mi mimirrli trnftirviTf : The trouble']! come soon enough without you knowing now." r. ! Nelly whitened at the words, and her eyes shone out, as they always did when She was under great excitement, ! " Is it danger to him ?" she got out, with a gasp. v - . . . j "Yes; and disgrace to lis. It's tlie old tiling over again- .You might know that when you see that devil-eyed hound, Barney Flynn, comesneakingahout." . I "Thenthere's going to .be a—a robbery," faintly: breathed Nelly, with great sinking at the heart. ; Her mother started forward-and placed her hand over Nelly's mouth with a fearful glance around. 1 " I dotft Iniow that there is—I didn't ^y so, did I ?" she said, in alarm.! ; "No, but' I guessed it. Don't be afraid for me,- mother,"' returned Nelly,'' with startling-calmness.; " I will not faint. I am firm and strong now. I could.see the world burst in pieces and not be moved. But, tell me, can we not save him ?" A mighty strength had suddenly sprung up out of Nelly's weakness, and her mother gazed on the radiant ives and firm-set lips in amazement; ; • ; "Fve- thought pf that, and I've thought of a plan'," she/liesitatingly returned; " put you're only a girl, and there's danger in it. He might kill you." "Never inina me. He will woMrill me— not though I angered him ever so," firmly returned Nelly. "I'll save him. Tell me the plan." "I'm doing wrong," cried the yielding mother, with a burst of tears. "Evil will come of it." "t - : ! Nelly stopped the words with a kiss, and waited to hear. i "But it's difficult," demurred the mother, with a look up at the clock; " besides, I'm jnot sure but it's too late now." - ; " Oh, tell me quick what it" is!" cried 'Nelly, starting up with feverish haste, and jbeginning to tie on her bonnet. < • " Well, they're to meet at twelve o'clock, ! at Barney's h'ouse in the Cowgate—in the !back ..place where they , used to keep the J sticks. He let it all out in his sleep last : night, and I heard every word." " " - " It's near twelve now>" put in Nelly. |"Goonl" j " Well, if you could get into the yard j behind unseen, und get up by some of the. j barrels or baaxows on to the shed,, and then, i! crawl along the.boarfc tmknown'st to thagv till you're above' theirfieads, you might hear' :-every wffltfjiheY &y; "I'll doit. Well—the rest?" "The robbery's to be to-night. If you could find out where it's to be, and keep it in yourjmind, we may save your father." " Would you tell the people that's to be robbed?" "No; because they're away from town; and besides, they'd be all caught alike that way," ".You won't tell the police?" " Not exactly; for they'd have little mercy on your father. He's been there too often already. Besides, we couldn't get hear the office without being watched or seen by somebody, and the news would fly to them like ;.the: wind. He'd : murder us bothfhat way." •... .1 "You have another plan—I know you have!" " Yes, and this is it. If you can find out all about the robbery, there's a detective v called McGoyan who might be able to help us. Tbey say he's a kind man at the bottom, and-never takes a cruel advantage of folks even when they're . in his power. I don't know where he lives, except that it's either in Bristo-street or Charles-street; but if you went there, carrying your screens, you could hunt him out, ana no one would suspect'what you were after— not though they saw you going." "I'll find him out, and I think he'll help me!" said Nelly, with a strange kindling of the eye. • ; • ' - " But mind,-he must save your father-* that is the condition. Make that sure before you tell him a word." " I will make that sure." There were only five words,, but Nelly spoke.them with a heavy, distinct emphasis on each, more as if impressing them on her own. mind than addressing them to her mother. •" Then that's all. My now/ lite a darling; and God's blessing go with you." Nelly did fly. She cut down the long stairs as white and swift as a ghost, crossed the. street, and flew down by the West Bow to the Greenmarhet, and thence turned into the Cowgate. Just as she passed under George iV.'s Bridge, she heard twelve strike. The autumn sun was shining bright and strong, but a great darkness had settled on Spirit Nelly's heart, and she neither saw nor felt it. She soon came to a low, dark entry, very dirty and foul, and without hesitation glided in, and made her way to a deserted yard awav up behind, shrouded from the sun by the crowding, rotten houses looming up on every side. In hurrying out into the semi-darkness she stumbled, almost fell, over a shock-headed ragamuffin squatted on the ground, dig ging holes with his hands. " Look where you're goin', can't ye!" shouted the child, with an oath. " There's nobody lives up there, so ye needn't go." Without uttering a word or sound, Nelly glided swiftly on and vanished. A. num ber of unused fish-barrows, and a pile of boxes and barrels, hid her from the boy's sight. \- But his curiosity was roused, and he left his mud pie-making to hunt her out and watch. He saw her get up on the roof of a donkey shed with'some difficulty, scram bling and climbing, and begin to crawl along the-boards to an outhouse in the next close. She looked round fearfully every foot of the way, and got more and more cautious in her movements, but she stopped at last. "She's on the top of Barney Flynn?s woodhouse," said the boy to himself. " Whatever can she want there ? Til tell my father if he comes home to-day, for he • sometimes goes in there to play at dominoes. She's listenin' like. She's not feared—I wouldn't do that for something, 'cause father thrashed me for only asking what was inside of it.' Pr'aps' I'd better not say anything about it, in case I get another thrashing. I'd better get out of here, quick;" and with this thought he ran off and amused himself elsewhere. The odd cir cumstance was soon forgotten,' but his boyish memory was destined to be quickened on" the subject before twenty-four hours had passed away. Meanwhile Nelly was listening; Three men were below her,, and had the boards only been a degree more rotten, she Would I have crashed through, and dropped into their, veryjnidst.. The first, speaker was her own father. ■- " We'll,Tve brought the tools, and we're all here," he said. " Let's hear about the iob." - " Softly," interposed another: man, whose voice Nelly could^not recognise, hut who afterwards turned out to he Tim-Regan, the father of the hoy she had just passeajin the yard, " softly.' We must firstaecide which, place it's to:he. If 11 he time enough then, to arrange ahout the stowing of the swag.?' "Well, which is it to be ?" returned Tom ■Heath, a little tartly. "Decide that for yourselves—it's all one to me. I don't pro fess to he an area snealr." "But I do," said Regan, with a, soft laugh. ." I'm afraid vohve risen oft your wrong side this morning,. Tom; yon're so devilish cross." "Ugh, don't lefs quarrel," intf jrposed Barney Flynn. "Is it to he Black'et- place or Lander-road?" " Well, Lander-road's the saf est," re Elied Regan., "Its lonely, and. th'are would e few ahout; hut there's not so much to lift^For a good haul, I say No.' Blacket place." "All right—you're the hestr judge. Let if he Blacket-place; we may try the other again. • How are we to get ir 1 ?" "At the hack. There's on.e of the inside •shutters ajar—: the fas tening's come loose, I think.. We can & .tsily manage it it's onlyfivefeet from the ground." " What time shall we /meet ?" "Say twelve—at the. Cemetery gate in Preston-street. We cam go round by the hack'way, and get over.- the railings one by one as soon as. the bobby is past. It any one is past the hovir, we don't wait for him, ana he loses all right to share. Is it agreed ?"' ' ' "Agreed." There was a pause after the last rejoinder. Nelly could not see it, but the three were making some peculiar motions with their hands, which. Wind' them to inviolable secresy and good faith. ' Fearing that they were coming out; she moved quicker and more unguardedly than she had hitherto done.- • "What's that ?" cried one, starting up. " Rats; don't bother," calmly returned Barney Flynn. ' ■ Aid "Nelly heard no more. She was down into the next yard with a ran and a L scramble, bruising and skinning her knqeaia the fall,: but feeling, heeding nothing. People saw a sacred, white face speeding up the Cowgate, hut such a thing was common there, and excited no remark. And so it camethat, after what seemed an age of suspense, Kate Heath heard her daughter's light step on the lobby floor once jnore, and rushed to open the door and ^ catch her almost fainting-in her armsi One fear was uppermost. "Did he see you?" . "No."- . ' V " Poor darling, you're nearly dead with fright. X wish I had gone myself, instead of flustering you." "I'm not flustered. I'm calm and strong—you could never have managed it," Said Nelly, in quick pants. " I heard all about it, and where it's to he. Get the screens ready." " You're not able—indeed you're not Let me go." " Get the screensj mother—I am going. I will save my father, though I shoifld the for it." v The words were quietly spoken, but there was a rigid determination in the tone that the mother knew it was useless to try to move. * In a few moments Nelly was out in the sun again, carrying her fluttering mass of gaudy tissue- paper and hurrying south wards—on business. Yes,- there was no loitering with her. People stared at her i white face, fevered cheeks,- aud brilliant eyes> and fancied, as she flitted past them, that she was rarely beautiful. But they were wrong. It was a beauty of wild fear and terrible .excitement—a beauty that had behind it. a great rush of tears, only waiting a mere word or touch to burst forth and flood all. She began at the top of Bristo-street and worked herway downwards, taking Charles street on the way. Had she been "ahleto read, she might. have found my: house, quicker; but: as it was, she had not only to stop at every door, hut make very cautious enquiriesas well. " At about half-past one my wife opened, the door in answer to a very gentle knock, and was about to close it again with little more than a glance at Nelly's wares, when some words caught her ear and made her pause. The words were—"McGo van—thief-catcher." " What do you say P" " "Doesn't he live here,: ma'am ?" - • "Yes." ■ ^ . / . ../ V ; " Oh, could I see him> just for a minifte ?" and Nelly seemed to tiumwhite with eager- . ness. ' ' ' My wife hesitated. "He has just come id), and he's very, tired.". ; - - " " Oh, but please, - ma'am^ it's something very important. " Could you not go to the Office about it?" " I diu'sn't. I'd be' watched, and killed for it, and my mother too. Oh, do let me see him!" and with a burst jof tears Nelly dropped on her knees and seized my wife by the skirt. There was no more hesitation. "There, don't cry—that's-a good girl Come, I'll take you to him "--and in a few minutes I was roused out of the land of dreams and listening to Nelly's story. She told me all that I have recorded, and a great deal more that there= is no room for; but though the narration occupied some time, she had concluded before I had quite thought out a plan for helping her. It did hot seem to me that: the task of saving her father was quite as easy, a one as she had hoped and thought. I pondered and walked the room in silence; while she watched me with tear-stained - face and fevered anxiety. At last, though anything but satisfied with my plan, I looked up and said— " I think I'll manage it—at: any rate, take' my word for it, your father shall- be safe. You'd better go home now. I heed" hot warn you against breathing r a- syllable of this to anyone ?" A look—one look—answered me. She seized my hand with both, her otvn and : kissed it passionately. " Oh, sir, if there was only, something I could do for you in return just to show you how happy you've made mei" j " Bub remember one thing, Nelly," I Igravely returned, " you know your father a great deal better than I do; he will do. anything in a passion. When he finds himself kept out of the way, and his two ;pals neatly captured,-' he'wittat. once;siis-• ipect treachery. If any circumstance should ; spring up to connect the- betrayal with you or your mother, I tremhte-for the result." "But it's for his good," she said, with girlish simplicity. " Isn't he better with lis • than transported ?" "Yes; but he may. not look at it that way. Your father ought never to have been a thief; he is not unprincipled enough. ; He has a Iriiid of rough, honor about him, : and that feeling, misapplied, will prompt him to clear himself ; for, mind you, he escaping, will be the first to be suspected." The tearful look of gloom that over spread Nelly's face gave me a pang of self reproach. "But never mind, Nelly, it may all go well," I. cheeringly.added; "I only wish you to be cautious. Good-bye." There was more emotion and fervent thanks on her part; and then she Went away, and| I made for the Office. I had a lot to do, but I got through it all much more easily than I had expected. I had to telegraph to St! Andrews for power to use the keys of the house in Blacket-place; and then had to go and getthe keys, inspect the house, and arrange a plan of capture. Whileall this was. going on, McSweeny was away after Tom Heath. ,. Alter a good deal of trotting about, he. came on the intending burglar lounging up St. Mary's Wynd. Heath was for going by with averted eyes, but McSweeny could not allow that.. "Well, Tom, what are ye after this day?" he cheerfully enquired, stopping the other and turning him round. •' "I'mafter—thetip of my nose," scowled the other. " And an ugly blackguard of a nose it is," grinned McSweeny. "If it was me I'd be feared to followit—I'd rather go the other way. Stop! come here—rwhisht now* ye divil! I've got something- to say to ye. Would ye mind goin' down to my house ?" " Am I' wanted, ?" aslpd 'the other, with a ; start, and a piercing . look* of j suspicion. ■ "Not a bit of it—ye're not wanted at the; Office at all at all; c I swear. it, ' man: so don't look so, queer. But I want ye; "ah(J if ye're wiseye'U go" ' "Ill go; .biit ddn't. try any. tricks "with me. . It'll be -worse for ye if ye do." - i "Would ye take a snap at me otbei' ear ?" enquired McSweeny, with mock fear and simplicity. ." Never mmd—don't try me." They got up the Heasance to McSweeny's stair, and then, while groping their way along I the dark passage, Heath's arms were sud- ■' denly pounced upon, fugged behind him,! and securely handcuffed! Before the torrent! of oaths could burst from their prisoner's j lips, the two polibemen who had so deftly ; accomplished this feat collared him and I hustled . him through the open door into McSweeny's house. ^ ".Now I'll talk to you," said McSweeny, with a grin. "'T was. neatly done, wasn't it?"J■ ' : .. " You- swore a; lie cried the other with gleaming eyes. f'l. didn't—r-you're not wanted] at the : Office—I swear it again." Y: ~ " Thenwhat right have you to keep me here!" * " ' .> ^ No right at all, my jewel. I shan't keep, ye at all unless ye give the word. I give ye your .choice—willye go to the Office an' be locked up for helping to plan, the robbery at'Bkcket Place^or. wait here till: the mornin-air-go free ?" "Betrayed!" hoarsely exclaimed the other* - f Who has done it ?" • - But that -was precisely what McSweeny wishedjto keep to himself. ' " Ye haven't answered my-je wel," he evasively returned! " Will-ye go', to the Office or; stay here ?" ' , " Curses1 on you—I'll stay here'?" • ■" Manners wasn't taught at your school; Never' mind, I forgive ye," returned McSweeny. " We'll-have to sit:up most of the night waitin'for: orders btitthere's dominoes—this man 'ill hold your hand for ' ye ; so we'lbpass the time comfortable.- Is itabargain?'^ -' A!sullen nod was the answer. . " And if ye'Ve any money on ye,-an' would ; like] a drop o' something, this man .'ill go down for it afore the shops shut,", continued | the obliging McSweeny. "I don?t drink myself—not while on dnty; but you are as i welcome to it a® if it was your own " . This, too, was amicably arranged, and I the two sat down to pass the night. . : Meanwhile r I. had made my way to Blacket Place, with other three men, and 1 snugly ensconced, myself in the roomy with : the shutters ajar. It wa3 a long; weary i wait—foi* 'we had to he there a good hit ; before twelve, to make sure of no blunder —hut. it was gone, at last; and about a . quarter-past the hour our cat-like patience : was rewarded by hearing a fight tramp: on : the gravel walk outside. This was fol , lowed by another, and some whispering, ; and then a shadow crossed the slit in the ■ shutters. They had dragged something to the window; ahd one was standing.upon it carefully smoothing a pitch-paper over one of the glass panes. More whispering—. a dull thud—a slight jingle of some escaped scraps of broken glass—and then a hand came through, shoved one shutter in, and undid the window fastening. We crouched down, lower and lower, scarcely daring to • breathe. The lower sash of the window was-, raised to the top, the man outside tugged his cap tighter on his head, swung himself; into the room, and then turned and waited for the other. The second made a scram bling slip in getting up, and was cursed heartily in a whisper by the other looking out on him. At last both'were in, and then Flynn—I knew his voice—said— "Close the shutters, before we ■'turn.;up the glym." They did.close the shutters, and bar them, too—much more securely than the owner of the house had done; and then the - slide of a- dark lantern was turned back, and the light flashed full—on my face! I don't think he recognised me, but the sight of a human .face was too much for him. With a frightful yell, he dropped the lantern, and then I had him fast. The others,.with a sharp struggle and fight, ■throttled and secured the other; and then wetooha breath and turned up our own>, lanterns.. The eyes of the handcuffed and pimbnedl jburglars instinctively sought each other. "Betrayed!" ■ " ; " That hell-hound, Heath!" they gasped;, ; almost simultaneously. " Now, there you're wrong," I interposed. ; "Heath is innocent of peaching as you are ; yourselves; and if he had got this length. , he- would, have been nabbed.,, too-r-but he : didn't; We took care of him:beforehand."' My word was law . even among thieves, • and they looked puzzled accordingly. But no. more was said; and, leaving a man on the premises, we took them away andlocketl them up. v . .. And now comes a part of niy. story which * I wish I could cut off. My. pen seems tb travel more slowly.as I approach it. - - ; ' At 8 o'clock next morning,. Tom. Heath was unhandcuffed by. myself -and- set free, with a few words of advice, which he only received with .a sullen and- ferocious scowl. ."He did not go straight .home. • No; after leaving McSweeny's he made for ; the Cowgate, where he- spent some time ! hunting about and c'oUecting information in various ways. Then, with bloodshot eyes, whitened Hps, and twitching fingers, he made his way to the Lawnmarket. Nelly and her mother, at the first glance, saw .that lie knew all, and shrank hack shivering ahd white. "I've warned ye, times upon times, against betraying me or my pals," he said with frightful calmness, addressing his wife. "'You've doite it, and T mean to Ml youand the last .two. words came out with a fierce, wolfish snap* " Father, father! it wasn't her—I did it all I" hurst in Nelly, springing. forward, and dropping on her knees before him. 'f Oh, j hill lne—but let mother live!" ! He pushed her from. him. \- " I don't blame tb.e girl," he heedlessly: continued, still kee'ping his eyes fixed on.; his -wife. " You set her on to it. I've heard; it all from, the, boy who watched: her at it. Traitor I' why have you only one life ?—why can^t I .hill you twice ? • and, foaming at tl^e mouth, he hurled Nelly : aside, and sprang onfhe defenceless woman.; • They stru/vgled together; terribte.screams, rang out, rmngled-.with hoarse Curses,..and thenj witTh a: terrific- wrench, Kate Heath: tore herself free and snatched up a knife. , ! H^ saw the position, felt for the poker, "and "then with deadly distinctness, keeping .'hip; 'eye : steadily , on the bright weapon, Kissed ;out— . i " Lay down the knife 1" - i 1 ,«.i won't r.. •: The poker was swuhg.back ia the air,, ■; " Lay down theknife;!" "I won't!" J w Then take it!" . With a terrific swing the poker descended ; but not oh his wife. No—poor Nelly, poor Nell)"'!, She .Md flown in with a rush to savelier mother, a'ud as the heavy iron caught her head her blood spurted over her father's face and hand. ;-r. " Tom, Tom ? ybu-'ve' hilled my Nelly V* screamed the mother, as she flewfoirward and caught the falllipg figure. Tom Heath staggered slowly bach, and the bloody poker dropped from his hand with a dull clank; 'jThen he slowly ,drew his hand across his eyes?'and shivered.: Ho knelt down and tried to lake the girl in his arms. v : . " No, no! not dead—no t dead! my poor, weeNelly!": •_ "Run, run ! if you've a heart, rtin for « doctor!" " ' _" Yes, yes; I will vim.' Nelly must not? die—Nelly must not die!" People saw a man with bloody hands,, tangled hair, and glaring eyes, tearing along the streets, and thought that he was mad. r I believe he was. "Nelly must not die! Come,, cornel'* was all the doctor Could get out of Mm. He almost tore the doctor from the housa —would-have lifted him in his arms, add rim with'him every foot of the. way. , But what could a doctor do P Cut away the soft brown BaiiydresS the hollow wound, and recommend rest and quiet—that; was all. : ' For nearly a fortnight, rn delirium and out of it) Nelly lived on 'r. and all that time Tom Heath sat by the bedside, never speak ing but to-say one'thing— ; "Nelly must ncrt die ■!":' -At last the fever- wan gone y, the deep eyes opened anishone with aratibnal light, and, though- die' could not move, NeHy spolce; ' "Father!". . . , It was weak and fhiiit that sound, hut he instantly started up and'bent ever her. 7 " Yes, ,NeEy; Fm here—here, standingf. beside yoii." ' j "Something—something has happened,'*' she faintly breathed. " My head—did hot somethiner strike me ?" THe face of the strong man twitched ner- - vously; he covered it with-his hands, and, groaning, sank on his knees at the bedside. - "I—I did it:- Lstruckyou) Nelly. But; you're better now ? Yoim soon get strong again,-won't yon?" ' j Nelly did not; answer; . Her eyes wan— dered Way at the open; window, and her - mother sat down, covered' her face with; her apron,"and cobbed aloud. "Is that the snn that; shines down on the sea over there ?"'whispered Nelly. " How - bright and beautiful' it fe? if a just—just like heaven!" " Don't, don't L" groaned! He? ith—" don t speak of heaven £ You would: n't go there and' leave us ? ©B> .Nelly, N elly, „L have killed you !" " Hush,. hushT No,, you didn't. Kiss me, father/' whispered' the dy ing giii. ; : He bent ever her and torn jhed her lips, and his hot tears-rained down . on her white cheeks. • " Yon; must rest, Nelly," he feverishly, got out; " you must sleep ar id get? well." " I—E—will rest," breathe d the girl, with a faint smile wreathing hei .• lips.. " Is—is. mother there ?" " Yeshere, liere,.. darlit) g!" " Let me feel your haj ad; every thing seems to»be-growing ^in. I <km't see the light on the sea now; Is it t timing dark?" "A choking burst of -sol ,s w as tbe answer. " Hold:me higher;. fat! ier- -higher. Take mother'ahand—so. You . wo nt—won't steal iany more?" "Never more) so- heh p m e heaven!"' " Ah,Jhn glad1 of tha t ! I think—I think I'm going to die now, r not? aer. Hush, hush ! don't cry; You oug ;ht jto be glad; for 'father—father-——n A strange sinking»and the fading light in her eyes drew a sa/ Ider i scream from her 'mother. At the s tar' thug, sound a, few wordaseemed to sha ,pe themselves on Spirit Nelly's dips,',but no:- -soi ind came; Her-eye lids^ drooped-; a si ow , heavy sigh escaped ■her; and Spirit Nf illy was" gone for ever. ; No one chargef l F feath with her death, ; though' all the »circ iimStances were fully known tp us. • 3No punishment that mau could have infii cte d could have "equalled what he endure d, ; In. one night his dark hair had turne .d completely grey. For j some months h .e wandered continually!) e~ itween the Iiaw.mr market aiid the churchyard jwhere Nelly v/as laid; hut no-one would : have recognis ed " him as the same .. man. jHe hardly ewer spoke, and certainly never smiled.. ,. . ■' At last some .friends advised his wife to get him away f rom the scene of his troubles. ; Their things were sold off, and they took : passage for So uth Australia. In that country | they have doi re well, Heath working at sail j making, to y rhich he had served an appren ticeship in his youth. But they have no /desire t'p re turn; and the last,letter I got :' from them , was simply a request -to send 'them a tuf jt of grass or a flower from Spirit. Nelly's gr ,aye. " ' 