miscellafikeous. Cardinal Manning, who seems to be able to live upon a straw, and yet feel no effects from his abstinence, has received a warning which he ought to take, for the sake of the ecclesiastical organisation -of which he is the mainspring. It is fanny to think that a priest who is a tee totaler iand eats hardly more food than he drinks wine, who will toy with a crust of bread at a marriage feast, and who goes about a drawing-room almost like a Visibn of Death among revellers, should have to pay the penalty which usually falls to men who indulge : in high living; yet it is nevertheless strictly true that the Cardiaal has got the gout-—' poor gout,' as it is called. He fasts stilly however, and preaches very much the same as usual, Pius IX. eats rand drinks enough to sustain his old age, while the English Cardinal eats hardly enoogh to keep a bee alive. Dr. Schliemann a Grocer. — On Tuesday evening, May 29, Dr. Schlie mann was a guest at the grand banquet given by the Grocer's company in their corporate hall, situated in the Poultry. Replying to the toast of his health, Dr. Schliemann said : Masters, Wardens, and Gentlemen, — In rctnming my warmest thanks for the signal honour you have conferred upon me by your kind invitation to this hospitable banquet, I feel an infi nite pleasure in thinking that I am myself a grocer, and that in praising here the grocer's business, I praise a traue which I have followed up with unremitt ing zeal for a period of 23 years. I was hardly 12 years of age when I became a grocer's apprentice in a small country shop in Mecklenburg, where, during five years and a-half, I was engaged in sell ings, butter, salt, whisky, sugar, and cof- i fee, by halfpennyworths,' and my master I thought it a very lucky chance if we sold £2 sterling worth of groceries in one j day. By a great misfortune, which after- ! wards turned out to be the most lucky event in my life, I was raised from that honorable situation and became porter to the wholesale grocer, Mr. F. C. Qnien. of Amsterdam- In that new capacity I suc ceeded in two years in making up for my neglected education, and became corres pondent and bookkeeper with the whole sale grocer, B. H. Schroeder and Co., of Amsterdam, who, after an interval, sent me out to St. Petersburg as their agent to sell groceries on commission. A year later I established myself in the same city as a wholesale grocer on my own account, and have conducted there an extensive trade for 1SJ years. But my business has never prevented me from continuing my studies, and when, in April, 1864, I thought I had money enough to retire from commercial pursuits, I found my sely also in possession of sufficient theore tical knowledge to devote the remainder of my life to Homeric archaeology. The habit I had acquired in my long career . as a grocer, not to do anything superfi cially, but to proceed in everything with tact, system, and perseverance, has been of immense advantage to me in my arch seological explorations ; and I feel bold to say that .had I not been a grocer, I could never have succeeded in discover ing Troy or the five royal sepulchres of Mycenae. I deem it superfious to say anything to the praise of commerce, be cause without commerce there could be no ambition, and without ambition, there could be no science. Thus without com merce, men would be brutes. Gentlemen, I have pleasure in doing honor to your glorious corporation. May it live as long as our globe is inhabited by men. Mr. Schliemann was enthusiastically cheered on resuming his seat. Payment of Members. — In tbe Legislative Assembly yesterday, (says the S M Hcrald of Friday last, Mr. Terry gave notice of the following new clause to be proposed in tbe Electoral Bill with a view to provide for the pay ment of members : — ' Every member of tbe Legislative Council and of the Lcg islative Assembly shall be eu titled to receive reimbursement of his expsnses in relation to his attendance in tbe dis cbarge of bis Parliamentary duties at tbe rate of £800 per annum, and the same sball be payable out of tbe Con solidated Revenne to every such member from the time of his taking bis seat until his resignation thereof, or his retirement therefrom by effluxion of time, or tbe dissolution of the Parliament, or otherwise as the case may be : Provided that no member whilst in the receipt out of the Consolidated Revenue of an official salary or any aunual pay ment, shall, (to the amount of such salary or payment) be entitled to receive sncb reimbursement a6 aforesaid.' ' The Japanese native papers,' remarks the Hongkong Daily Press, ' appear to be in some trepidation on account of th-- war betwepn Russia anil Turkey. They believe that Russia regard the land of ihe Rising Sun with hungry eyes, and only bides her time for swallow ing it up. And it most be confessed that the movements of Russia in Asia dming the rastfrw years have net be-n of a very r-'assorng aatnre to the Ja panpse. First she nianag* d to secure a lar^e slice of Matwhuria from China, next she took southern Saghalieu from Jap-m ( giving the latt-r the Korih s in exchange, for the s»ke of ^appcari.nces), an-i lastly, she has conquejed and annexed Khiva. This looks like aggression.' Arming of the Mormons. — Tlie Salt Lake -correspondent of the Neiv York Herald writes, under date May 14 : — ' The arniiug and grilling of Mormons continues throughout -Utah- Gentiles, and especially those in the northern and southern settlements, are alarmed at the few -'United- States troops in Utah. Fourteen companies inhabit' Camp Dou- j glas, which overlooks Salt Lake City, j aud the fragment of a regiment occupies Camp Cameron, near Beaver. The ghost of a company haunts Fort Hall, in Idaho. Governor Emory has written a letter to the Secretary of War, which will reach Washington on Thurs day or Friday nextj requesting that Camp Douglas be provided with five companies of infantry and two of cavalry ; that Camp Cameron shall have two full companies of infantry ? that one infantry company shall be quartered at St. George, that another shall be sent to Logan, in Cache Vadley; and that the company at Fort Hall shall be retained and rein forcedi' 