THE SUEZ CANAL. SINGAPORE, June 7. I Earl Derby refuses to accede to the pro posai made hy Russia to neutralise the Suez Canal, and has informed the Russian ambas- sador in London that the Porte, the Khedive, and England had determined to disallow all warlike operations in the Ganai. ' I ONCE a year we are favoured with a glimpse I into the working of the Rockhampton branch of the Government Savings Bank, and tho auspicious moment has again come round. At our local office, then, 331 accounts were opened during 1870, C5 were re-opened, and 320 were closed, so that, at thc ced of the j'ear, C7G accounts (including a previous balance of 600) remained open. During the same period, there were 1701 separate deposits, and 0G5 separate withdrawals- including 863 made by telegram ; and thc total deposits amounted to £2.1,138 (as against £18,072 in 1673), and thc total withdrawls to £22,941 (an against £18,903 in 1675). This shows satisfactory progress. TBE popular readings to be given thia evening at tbe School of Arts should not be forgotten. The Rev. Dr. Hughes ia said to excel aa a. reader, and there is to bc the ad- ditional attraction of music.-Tho monthly meeting of the Hospital Committee takes place this afternoon. ,' «y"thc Boomerang, and will give his first per- formance ou tho tupe, some forty feet from the ground to-morrow evening. The enclosure will bo lighted by means of the limo light, which has a very brilliant effect. Wc may state that as the steamer came round the bend nf the river, Mr. L/Estrangc'a presence on board was announced by tbe discharge of rockets from tho vessel's deck, and Mr. Lyons replied in the same fashion from the enclosure, rocket answering rocket. Bloudin arrived last niglrc-. THE Kev. J. J. Westwood arrived in town yesterday, after a ride of nearly SOO miles, from Warwick via Banana, thence to Ranna's Station (Mr. Cunningham's), a distance of 35 miles, then to Dundee, on the Dee Uiver, a short journey of 15 miles, and next to West- wood, some !6 miles further, the subsequent stages licinf to Stauwell, and lastly to town. The rev, gentleman seems halo and Icarty, and is full of work. He states that last Sunday ho preached twice at Dindce, the services toeing well at- tended, tut he had been preaching and lecturing rght along whenever opportunity offered. He bas two horses with him, and fkoaa ho ascii alternately. lie found plenty of gran at all the stations until he struck Banar«, where there has been little or no rai) since last September, and where the herbaje is consequently scanty. After leavjug thc Dc River the grass again became scarce, aud cmtinucd so, throughout the final stages of the rip. We understand that Mr. West- wood »ill preach at thc School of Arts on Suudayevening, and ho also intends shortly to délier his interesting lecture on the Pyramids. Tiiniti' are ups and downs in Queensland journalise. The Northern Advocate, the property rf a company, and printed at Mill- chester, Charters Towers, gave up the ghost on thc 26b of last month, having apparently died from nauition. In itB place bas sprung up the Tiwere Herald, tho first number of which appareil on thc 2nd instant. Thc new proprietary are Messrs. M'Clolland, Jones, and Cartel, the first two coming from thc staff of tin Northern Winer, and the third having been manager of the now defunct print. Mr. M'CIollaud was long a resident of Rock- hampton, aid is well known and respected. The now voiture is neatly got up, and, judg- ing from the number of advertisements, makes a gool start. But it may not be so by and-bye-sach the croaker. We quote from the Miner " If one paper has become de- funct where is the foundation for hoping that another, witl nothing new to ofter, will ex- perience a beater fate ? There was no neces- sity for it, »or was it needed to provide a means of living for any destitute and dis- tressed printers. Messrs. McClelland and Jones, two of the proprietors of the Herald, had comfortable billets and tidy 'screws* on the Northern Miner, and could have remained as they were is long as they liked. They gave up a certainly for a speculation, and if they fail they may blame themselves." We wish long life and prosperity to tho new journal. HONESTY.-A short time ago a store kooper residing at Grafton, who was leaving frSaMtefiefaMfa iSlÄntSt Sis'out standing accounts within a month from thc data of tho first advertisement. HÍB debtors responded with a cheerful alacrity, which spoke well at once far their honesty omi their bank balance, nud within thc prescribed month (says thc Clarence Kxam ncr) the whole of thc storekeeper's claims, amounting in thc aggregate to £20(K), were settled in full. CLEARING LAND.-Ul r. M'Neil, the agent for tho British Dynarnito Company of Glasgow, has been in Mossvale district during tho past week (says tho Scrutineer), making some experiments with dynamite io clearing timber on Mr. Gilchrist's property near Moss- vale. An angel -hole is bored about hnlf way through thc tree, a short distance from thc ground, and a small charge bein.; inserted and ignited, the tree is cut completely through, and the stump shattered, so much eo that it would ho easy to durn or drag it out with bullocks. In one or two iu&tauces; a hole was driven under the roots with a crowbar, and a charge put in, when ft whole tree was blown out of the ground. Unless thc wood is sound the powder has little effect. The more resist- ing power there is the better it does its work. FIRE ARMS.-Thc Cornwall Chroniele re- ports a shocking accident with fire arms : " Mr. Clarence French was ploughing on his i father's farm at Qlonorc, when some boys came tn him with a gun, and asked him to extricate tho ramrod, which they had got fast in thc barrel. Ho tried to pull the ram- rod out, and one of the boys put a cap on the nipple to prevent the powder from falling out in that direction. In struggling to get the ramrod out, the hammer came down on the nipple, and the result was almost immediate death, as the ramrod was shot through his chest. The poor lad only spoke once after being shot, and that was to say, 'Take mc home to my mother.' Mr. Bennett, hear- ing the report, went over to the field and took Clarence in his anns to carry him home, but the poor lad died almost immediately.' I HonuiîD MEN.-A pacer hy Captain J. S. Hay, on tho horned men of Africa, waa read I at the hut meeting of the British Association. He also exhibited two sketches of Africans with horns. Mr. Hyde Clarke said it was very difficult to assign any reason for tho appear- ance of horuB, hut there was no doubt Captain Hay bad seen them. One way might bc that they had been inserted or inoculated into the fane, but Captain Hay informed him that it was thc object of thc parents to remove the horns, which he regarded as a natural growth. One suggestion was that this was a case of malformation of which there was a memorable example in the case of the " porcupine man," who had horny plaits on parts of his body. He had not beard from anybody any sufficient explanation with regard either to its being a natural phenomenon arising at birth, or its being artificially produced in tho manner to which he had referred. It was remarkable that the horns were peculiar to the male sex. The subject was very obscure, aud had not been sufficiently investigated hy anthropo- logists, because there were great prejudices to takinc it un. PRÍSTINO AND CoryiNO. - The fac-similé printing process is based on the well known and remarkable qualities of aniline. Thc document from which a number of conies are required ie written with a patent aniline ink of immense strength, which is allowed to dry without being blotted up. A sheet of transfer paper is damped, tho document is laid on its face downward, they are then placed in tho " printing pad " (which is a leather portfolio of peculiar construction), and sahjected for a few moments to pressure in the enpyiug press. On removing the original document, a copy in reverse will be found on the transfer paper, and the operator can afc once proceed to print thc required copies, which is done by laying a sheet of ordinary paper on the transfer paper, and impression plate over it, and pressing for a few moments in the copying press, whon it will be found that a duplicate or fac-simile of the original document has been produced ; and so the proceBB goes on until tho impression becomes fault, when it is at once revived by damping the under sido of the transfer. If a large number of copies are required, a second, anderen a third, transfer may be taken from the original document, and printed from in the same manner as the first. The fac-BÍmile printing prooess is somewhat analogous in its results to, but far simpler than lithographic printing and is being extensively used in government and public offices. It ia so simple that the smallest or dullest office hoy can work it without any fear of coming to grief ; and as a useful adjunct to the counting house it will be thoroughly appreciated hy all classes engaged in com- mercial pursuits.-Paper and Printing Tradet Journal. TUE HURRICANE AT TONGA.-An eye- witness writes:-Wo have been visited by» fearful calamity. On Sunday, tbe 18th March, at 12 noon, a gale set in from the N.E., and gradually increased to a perfect hurricane hy Monday. It blew thc hardest from 7 to 9 p.m., and then commenced to moderate. Thc damage dono to the Group was enormous, and it is estimated that over two years must elapse before Tonga becomes what it was prior to the gale. Such a storm has not been experienced here since 18G9. Between 600 and 700 houses have been blown down ; thousands of cocoa- nut trees were torn up by the roots ; all the windows of Government House were blown out, and general min caused all over the island. The ketch Pearl, and tho schooner May Queen, left Tonga for Koa, tn load sheep, on the 17th March, but the weather being bad, only a few were got on board, when it was determined to run hack to Touga. Both vessels left Eoa on the 18th, and were caught in the tale before arriving at Tonga. The Pearl managed to get in before the passage became impassable, but tho May Queen could not get in. She was seen on tho lee sido ot thc island, on Sunday, the 18th, in the afternoon, lying on ber beam cuds, but has not been heard of since. It is tantamount to a oertainty that she is lost with all hands. The indications of thc storm were visible for three days before- hand. Tho brigantine Tapalla, belonging to the natives, had all her yards sent down, and was the only vessel in Tonga which rode out the hurricane. The schooner Favourite arrived off Hapai on the IS th at noon. Three of her sails were carried away, and also the forestay. Captain Savory then put the vessel before the wind, and narrowly escaping several reefs, was enabled tn fetch thc leo of a small island, wbcre both anchors wore dropped, and, by shackling the chain round thc mast, managed to ride out the storm. She has since been sold to the natives of Vavau, for the sum of £1001 The ketch Pearl, cutter Prince of Wales (late of Auck- land), the ketch William, and the cutter Caroline were all driven high and dry. The Prince and the Caroline have since been re- launched. 