OUR LETTER HOME. In our present fortunate position, with the disgraces of the last Parliament almost forgotten, and with the next one still remote in the future, there is nothing to disturb our political quiet save the paragraphs in the papers giving the names of the patriots who have in various ways intimated their willingness to accept £300 a year and perquisites as a compensation for the surrender of their time and labour to the country. There is nothing yet to give an inkling as to the turn events are to take. But it is pretty well understood that there is a serious split in the camp of the protectionist and "bursting-up" party. The metropolitan journal by which that party is represented has repeatedly pointed out the necessity of selecting a suitable leader. The generalship of Mr. Berry, which subjected his party to one ignominious defeat after another, and gave to Sir James M'Culloch a lease of power which at the outset he could hardly have hoped, is considered to be too seriously discredited to be followed again. But there is another side to the question. Mr. Berry's patriotism is too ardent to allow him to take any other than a first place and the largest share of the spoils. So that, as matters stand, that party which aspires to "burst up" all estates bigger than those owned by its members is in a fair way to burst up itself. The revenue returns show that the revenue for the last quarter amounted to £1,082,700, and for the year to £4,462,262, being an increase for the quarter of £16,070, and for the year of £246,738. The head of Customs gave an increase for the year of £53,744, and that of railways one of £79,515. The statistics of the gold yield for the year show an aggregate return of 937,260oz., being 121,563oz. less than the year before. The number of miners employed was 41,564, being 574 less than at the beginning of the year. The gold yield is about 350,000oz, from alluvial working, and about 600,000oz. from quartz. The general decline is shared by both of these classes, although it is more rapid in the alluvial returns. A conference on the subject of additional cable communication between Europe and these colonies is to be held at Sydney in a few days, and all of the colonies will be represented. At the request of the Victorian Government, a superintendent of the Training Institute has been selected in England by Dr. Lyon Playfair and Mr. Jolly, senior inspector of schools. Mr. Gladman is the gentleman appointed. The Right Rev. Dr. Moorhouse, Bishop of Melbourne, arrived from England with his family by the last mail steamer, and has been a guest of His Excellency the Governor at Government-house. On the 11th inst the bishop was solemnly installed at St. James's Cathedral, and a luncheon was afterwards given to him at the Town-hall, His Excellency the Governor presiding. The speech made by the Bishop, in which he specially dwelt on the necessity of making provision for the proper culture and proper remuneration of the clergy, was very well received. On the following Sunday Bishop Moorhouse held an ordination service at the Cathedral. An unfortunate attempt made by the Roman Catholic Archbishop, Dr. Goold, and some of his clergy to excite sectarian dissensions at the Melbourne Hospital has been much commented upon. It grew out of some absurd and unfounded complaints made by some of the female servants of the hospital, and gravely fathered by Dr. Goold, to the effect that the matron showed unfairness towards the Catholic nurses. The archbishop and his clergy have adopted the petty course of forbidding patients belonging to their church from accepting flowers that were sent by Protestants. So ill-judged a piece of religious intolerance has naturally recoiled rather unpleasantly on those responsible for it. The obituary of the month is a heavy one. Mr. R. D. Ireland, Q C., the well- known barrister, and leader of the Victorian bar for some years, died on the 11th inst, after a long illness which has for the last year or two incapacitated him from work. Mr. Ireland at one time took an active and prominent part in politics, and was twice a member of the Ministry. He had, however, retired from all share in politics for some years. Mr. Matthew M'Caw, of the firm of M'Caw and Adamson, and for four years member of the Legislative Assembly for East Bourke, died on the 30th ult. The Rev. Edward Apps, curate of St. James's, died on January 2, from consumption. Mr, Matthew Marwood, of the late firm of Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome, died on the 8th instant. Captain Coffey, shipbroker and auctioneer of Melbourne, died on the 9th instant. A sad accident, the upsetting of a small boat at Brighton on the 8th inst., caused the death of two young men named Adamson and Paterson, the sons of parents well known in Melbourne. Sad intelligence, two or three weeks ago, reached Mr. Stevenson, of the firm of Stevenson and Elliot, coachbuilders, announcing that his second son, who lived on his station in the interior, had perished in the bush from exhaustion from having missed his way. The New Year's holiday was celebrated with great spirit both in town and country, and the various amusements open to the public were well patronised. The Railway department has accepted the tender of Messrs. Fishbum and Norton for the completion of the works on 20 miles of the middle section of the Gipps Land Railway for £89,758. Mr. W. H. Williams, printer and publisher, has been visited with several fines, forming in the aggregate a considerable amount, for publishing a periodical named the /Clipper/ without obtaining the sanction of the Attorney-General, as required by law. The Kyneton Mechanics' Institute has been destroyed by fire. The man William Hastings, who is charged with the murder of his wife, Ann Hastings, at Mornington, was committed for trial. A baker, of Sandhurst, named James Windrum, has been committed for trial on the charge of murdering a woman named Louisa Critchley. The murdered woman was married, and had two children. The man Windrum, who was much older than she was, was on terms of intimacy with her, and the act is supposed to have been instigated by a feeling of jealousy. The chief mate, named Bewley, of the ship Antiope, then lying at Sandridge, was brought before the local police court on the charge of murdering a boy named Southern by making him attempt to ascend to the masthead at a time when he was utterly unable to go. The consequence was that the poor boy fell and was killed, but the magistrates, believing that there was no evidence to show wilful intention on the part of the prisoner, discharged him. The Opposition in the New South Wales Parliament has been called upon to elect a leader, Mr. Parkes having resigned that position. The choice has not yet been decided on. A Civil Service Bill, which is but the shadow of the reforms which it is on all sides admitted were wanted, has been introduced by the Government. Sydney is suffering from an alarm of small-pox introduced from widely remote quarters. The disease was brought to the colony by the steamship Brisbane, the captain of which is to be prosecuted for bringing his ship up the harbour with the complaint on board. Soon afterwords the San Francisco mail steamer Australia arrived and was put in quarantine, having had the disease on board during the voyage. The disease has only extended from the Brisbane importation to two or three cases, and the timely and energetic measures taken by the authorities have up to the present time been effective in preventing its further ravages. Commodore Hoskins has hoisted his pennon on the Wolverine, lately from England. Small-pox is reported on board this vessel, and is said to have extended to the Sappho. Mr. D. G. Jones, of Deniliquin, proprietor of the /Pastoral Times/, died on December 26. A case of bushranging lately occurred near Albury, but the robber was afterwards arrested. The revenue returns for the year show a total of £5,037,661, being an increase over the former year of £911,358. Of the total, the land revenue yielded £2,772 999; customs, £1,000,000; and railways, £678,391. H.M.S. Pearl has sailed for England. An importation of small-pox was also brought to Queensland. It came by the steamer Mecca, from Hong Kong, but the steps taken have prevented its spreading. The Customs revenue for the year was £282,000, being the same as last year. The gold shipped at Cooktown during the year amounted to 170,000oz., being an increase of 7,000oz. as compared with last year. Four men were recently found in the bush, near Cooktown, and stated that they had come on an exploring expedition a distance of 1,000 miles from Port Essington, and had found a very rich tract of land 30 miles to the northward from Cooktown. In connexion with this it may be mentioned that a cotter, with only one man (the captain) on board of it, was boarded off Cape Flattery, when the captain stated that the crew had deserted. It was believed that she was from Port Essington, and that the crew were the men who had described themselves as an exploring expedition. Very heavy runs have visited the northern part of South Australia, and have been productive of very much benefit to the country. An order has been sent to England for 23,200 tons of rails, being the total requirements for six railways. Mr. W. Villeneuve Smith, barrister-at-law, who was sentenced to six months' imprisonment for libel, has had portion of his sentence commuted, and is to be released at the end of this month. Margarey's flour mill at Port Pirie was destroyed by fire on December 25, the damage being £9,000, On the 14th inst, Dawson's flour mill at Gawler was burned down, the estimated damage being £5,000. His Honour Mr. Justice Gwynne goes to England by the February mail. A young woman, named Gertrude Dudley, has been murdered by her husband, who had discovered her intimacy with a sailor named William Blackwell Bishop Short has received a presentation of the value of about £500. A singular difficulty has arisen in Tasmania. Last session the Government got an act passed consolidating the law relating to juries. It set aside the old jury lists, but made no provision for new ones till the end of the present year. The effect was that there were no jury lists from which juries conld be empanelled. The objection was raised at the Launceston Criminal Sessions, and the Chief Justice deciding in favour of it, all the prisoners for trial had to be released. The Government, in this state of affairs, found it necessary to summon a special session of Parliament to correct the blunder. In New Zealand the work of introducing the new county system proceeds satisfactorily, and all opposition directed toward the re-establishment of the old provincial system seems to have died a natural death. Sir Donald M'Lean, who was so long identified with the office of Native Minister, died on January 5. Mr. Donald Reid, late provincial secretary of Otago, has joined the Government, and Mr. Richardson, Minister of Public Works, has resigned. Lady Normanby has been very ill, but at the latest news was improving. In Fiji His Excellency Sir Arthur Gordon delivered an important speech to the planters at Vuna, in which he reviewed the revenue and prospects of the colotay, and said that in spite of all drawbacks the estimates of revenue and expenditure would be nearly realised. On another occasion he answered in a very discouraging manner some who laid before him an expression of a desire for a return to the system of responsible Government. Sir Arthur told them that universal suffrage was clearly out of the question, it would not be practicable nor desirable to limit the franchise to a few differing in race and interests from the mass of the people. Late intelligence states that 70 mountaineer prisoners had escaped from custody at Savasavu, and got away to the mountains. Troops and volunteers were being organised to provide for what emergency might arise. The only meetings of any importance during the last mouth have been the V.R.C. Champion Meeting, on New Year's Day, and the Tattersall's Club Meeting at Sydney, on Boxing Day. The former was only moderately successful, owing to the weather in the forenoon being very unfavourable, but it improved afterwards. Mr. Goyder's Dalesman won the Hurdle Race very easily, and the favourite St. Albans stable carried off the Two-year-old Stakes with First King, by King of the Ring, a grand colt; Lockleys, by Talk o' the Hill, second; and Mr. C. B. Fisher's Rawdon, by The Marquis, third. Topper won the £100 Plate, and Barmaid the Midsummer Handicap, and then seven horses weighed out for the Champion Stakes, viz, Briseis, 3 yrs; Richmond, 4 yrs; Calamia, 3 yrs; Pride of the Hills, 3yrs ; Aldinga, 3 yrs; Volo, 3 yrs; and The Deacon, 3 yrs. Briseis, the Derby and Cap winner, started at even, money, Richmond at 4 to 1, 5 to 1 Pride of the Hills and Calamia, 10 to 1 Volo and Aldiuga, Briseis looked fresh and well, but Richmond, though in good condition, went very short in his preliminary. Pride of the Hills and Volo were both in fine order. The race, considered a moral for the St Albans filly, was won with great ease by Ptide of the Hills, by four lengths, Calamia second and Volo third, Briseis was never in the race at all, and either could not or would not gallop. Aldinga ran very well for two miles, but nothing had a ghost of a show with the fine colt by Talk o' the Hill, who ran the three miles in 5m. 34½s., the fastest time yet made in Australia. The Steeplechase was a good one, although only seven horses ran, Saucepan being the winner, the game and good horse and fine fencer All Fours second (he gave the winner nearly 2st.),and the Adelaide horse Lansdowne third. Filibuster, by Panic, won the Three and Four Year Old Handicap. Altogether the racing was good, and had the weather been fine there must have been a great attendance. At Tattersall's meeting (Sydney), the Two- year-old Stakes was won by Sir H. Robinson with Viscount, and the Cup, with its 500 sovs. added, by Mr. Rouse's Viva, by Yatendon, 6 yrs, 7st. 61b.; the Valetta colt (now named Malta), 4 yrs, 8st 4lb, second; and Mr. Tait's Melbourne, 5 yrs, 8st 51b., third. The All-England Eleven arrived here from Sydney on the eve of Christmas, and commenced their first match here against fifteen of Victoria on Boxing Day. Unfortunately the weather was very unfavourable. The morning was hot and close, with a heavy thunderstorm, but cleared up at noon. After a short time to allow the ground to dry, the match began in the presence of about 10,000 spectators, but after a couple of hours' play the wind shifted to the west and a perfect deluge of rain set in, which prevented any more play until the Thursday, which was fine, and the weather was delightful the rest of the week. The match was concluded on Saturday in favour of the fifteen by 31 runs, after a capital display of cricket, which delighted all who witnessed it, for a more interesting match was never played. The Eleven won the toss, and sent the Victorians in, who, by some fine batting on the part of Gibson (12), Alexander (21), Kelly (16), Horan (34), Midwinter (41), and Blackham (20), totted up 190 runs. Horan and Midwinter showed fine batting, and one or two hits of Midwinter off Shaw rather astonished the premier bowler of England. One hit was clean out of the ground, and elicited great applause. The Eleven only put together 135 runs, although the turf was in fine order for batting, the bowling of Midwinter, Allan, and Kendall being first class, and the fielding excellent. Greenwood made 27, Selby 32, Ulyett 16, Armitage 10, Emmett 13. The Victorians' second innings was a curious one. At first the wickets fell fast, at one time there being 5 wickets for 3 runs, then 8 for 10, but on the Saturday morning Horan and Blackham made a stand, and things looked brighter. Horan played a splendid not-one innings of 47, and Blackham 16, whilst Midwinter gave a useful 12, again hitting Shaw out of the ground. The total was 105, leaving the Britishers to get 161 runs to win. They played a good innings of 129—Selby (12), Emmett (35), Greenwood (38), and Charlwood (28), showing some splendid batting, and at one time, when they had got four wickets for 92, it seemed as if they would win. The bowling and fielding were, however, first-class, and eventually the colonials won by 31 runs. The spectators, who mastered in great force every day, enjoyed the play immensely, and cheered winners and losers most impartially until they were hoarse again. The Eleven played a drawn match at Ballarat, and defeated 22 of Geelong very easily. They then proceeded to Sydney, and played 15 of that place on the 14th and 15th insts., and were defeated by 13 wickets, the score being England, 35 and 104; New South Wales, 124 and 17, with the loss of one wicket. An eleven a side match was commenced on the 15th, and the Englishmen ran up the fine score of 271, Ulyett getting 95, Pooley 37, and Selby 32; the colonials made 82 in their first innings, and 140, with six wickets down, in their second, of which Dave Gregory scored (not out) 54, and C. Bannerman 32. The Eleven proceed to New Zealand on the 17th, and return to this colony in March, when they will play a combined eleven from this colony and New South Wales, after which they will return to the old country. At the three theatres the pantomimes are attracting a reasonably profitable attendance. That at the Royal is an original work by Mr. Garnet Walch; at the Opera-house, Planché's "King of the Peacocks" has been revived; and at the pretty Academy of Music Mr. Farnie's "Heathen Chinee" has been produced. The pantomimes will give place severally—at the Royal, probably, to the Italian opera company now in Sydney; at the Academy, possibly, to the Pixley troupe, also now in Sydney; and at the Opera-house, certainly, to "Les Danicheff," with Miss Minnie Walton and Mr. Lytton Sothern (who arrived by the last mail) in the principal parts. The Royal Illusionists at St. George's Hall are drawing remunerative houses; and at the Apollo-hall, some other illusionists and variety people are drawing very small houses. On the 5th and 6th inst. Mademoiselle De Murska took her leave of Victoria in two concerts at the Town- hall, assisted by Miss Christian, Signor Rosnati, Signor Susini, Signor Luisetti, and, of course, Mr. John Hill. During the Christmas period there was something more than the usual number of concerts, for the most part sacred, under the direction, respectively, of the Philharmonic Society, Mr. Summers, Mr. Herz, and Mr. Perraton. Wilson's Circus brought its performances to an end—for the present—on the 6th, and it has since been in the provinces. It has been succeeded by Bailey and Cooper's Circus, which brings with it, also, a menagerie and a museum. Mrs. Gladstane's company, augmented by a section of the Royal company, is in the provinces, Signor and Signora Majeroni are resting for the present. Out of the colony, and commencing from the west—Mr. Frank Towers lately left West Australia for England; in Adelaide, the Fakir of Oolu has been for some weeks; in Tasmania, the Clara Stephenson company still retain a good hold on the public; and in Sydney they have prospering pantomimes at both theatres. 