If we JaaIc cftfefiilly at the operation of our present financial and public works policy, m> net forth by nome of our leading politicians the lens reason shall we have to be satisfied with it. "SVe have luvge loans entore'd upon for the coh ntrnctinn of public workn, none of which can by pry prMihtiity pay the interest upon their cop \- ntrnrMun, nnd some of which arc not even in. tnd»-d to . do so; and we have other loans to provide fyir. thft introduction of labor to .bo employed ftijion them. Oar railways, as at pre«"nt sinnding. nre estimated to produce a return over 'and above their working expenses of uhont '£120,000 tor the present financial yoar, hut. innvmneh as this is Imsod upon an antici pnted iocfeftfie of £Co,00ft in the tntJTic receipts' over those of- l»:.i vat, wc-cnnTiotaccept-it-QS- Telinblo. It .will, in the prcaent circumstances of the colony. _be leas by £20,000. We take tlie \- cost of these lines, supposing, the estimates not to be .exceeded, at abont three millions and three, quarter, and tlio avercge interest p&y;&blo; from wthe.firit 'to. tho lest at 5 J perfcent. — tliia last ""L'risod on, tho. fact that we pay on ti groat nropor- -..-tipn fi-pii the ttotuinnl £100/ hut get for a'dehen ture, to that amount not more than 00 to 95. . Five and. a half per conL on three millions and' -r-three-quart«rs- ftnmuntgto,-enyr£'100,00ilraDd-iTr ..viiKstfcose- thcro' Jb an annual loss of ninety thonsRnd,a year upon the lines which have, and for yerirato borne mtiRi have, the largest amount'- colony. Upon the short . portions of 'line for which tlie £720,000 'was 'voted, jndiiig hy our experience of the working; of the Southern and Wt-Rtoni one in its earliest' , .yea thg.wiliuot .onlv.nut contribute to the iSinterfestiqfon tbo'debt/f but cannot be oxpooted i/.eyeojmy their working oxpenyes. Tliii, we' ?UantiweV>tdll bo for sq'rnn time the cano with v:, tlieSbxtension from Drilby .to Roma— for the paesefigif|:trafiie, .wliich'.on- the-rauia line pro , fluced .forty b ;x thonsund poiinds but of a' hun- ,drcd'apdyiysix tho«Band/-will bo but smail aud 'thejgobnfl traffic, .altliotigh maintaining a ' fair pv'oragd. down, from the nature and extent of the production, will bo poor upward;. from the. limitf-npmhers of tho population: n»» compared with thnhl()Tter.dow»i the lino. ' : .AV|th:this/spn of result ftaring ns in tho face . v" orelbld 'tliut it in neccpsiirj to. bring out more imnugriiiits «npply the labor that ia or will be raqnircd— wijile on tho other lmnd we aro in ' , formed 'that. onc.great benefit tobe. dri ved f rorn the rnilw'nyq propospd is tljpt they will alTord omployinruit to. those ..who would otherwise .he bo tocd one why to bring people lufro, nnd on tlie bthor to firid cmpluyment whori' they ahivo. This .wctus to; iib to be hurtling the candle at > "hotli,ejid«5. It- Js all noiisennn' Jo say that tho phIph of land -will pny the inlereFt-— they may nominally, hutUhriy won't really. In a colony likfi this there i k alwryfi a proportiounte amount of it.oaioml fniiVnhlpripr fixed'; invcHtment of thiit- kttid j1, riVicf fnis .-hnlifgcsn' tho cixuet locality .::/of- invcMm«!it"ia?ofiun iuipnrtancc; Wlielliftr linving£50O to spend, you lay it out/inn railway ;alresnCTe,.or oiUridft'ofiitjiifi bf-t'10 eouKotjuoiieo in , thajong tifnj for if it gocH to tho railway fund yiPftilMUdiHidiminUhed ; and if it goes to the r gonbrah fund: the railway one must ho . - Auppleuientrid," -Tlioro in in. cither cqto not mora fhnn tbe £500 available, ini/ule over tho torniK or you wlfr; and 'wherever a railway cannot .mcTHt-' its- wbrkltig -f-xpe-MFes it is worne tliati a nonproductive work— it becomes a charge utrou \- tho;wliple colony for maintenance ns well as "" conBtruotion.-... , ..-Ir,.- .Onb lhiog iti vej3'; desirable, and, in fact, cs . . ncxitiul to tlio fonnatiou of a thoroughly accurate " dceisidh ou>lhiB suhjecl, and that is the preimra tion of what might be termed M conntautn for — cnir- dcduciionBr\Vowantr-nutr"merotnbulftr .. » Ktateuienls of Uuifie receipts in groRK, aud . working expeuBea in groeHj but of both receipts dfilandsiftFenseB,-. and munhera of paaRmgern and USjBgBht-ii. and kindn of trnfiio distributed be'ween SBWiilbruat bectioa; Thus,' from Warwick to -T' owixiRiba, front Dnlby .to the same place, from T.mn'ootnba to Ipswich, aa'd from- Ipswicl» to Iri=hanc downwards, and tlie reverse up-p-as to tratne. Tlicti the actual cost of ihaintenabce on cr.?U section, tlie nnmber of train- iiiiles run on e wrh. and the actual payment made in fact, or emulated on each for the current "expense?. V\\- vcrnme to say thsfwerb rc-tirriTS made, in tj-i- -vy. the rtsnlts would astoui.-h some of the a(vr-,H »?«- of railways evet'where and at any cci'---.'tf-n whose firat idea is to spend money sor.. i- >w no matter whence it comes or hov it g-.f a;-;d.v.hose second ifi to avoid the'nnplea sr.:.: retrospection tbat follows by adhering. to ; ti.T—.-if-jh maxim tbat what is done canlilbe lic/. d. and txierefore its no nse making a fnss jibii-: it— a_srt of excuse, that might be -ac c- > i with DJiiclt tivorhya thief, .though hardly :& '.-a: ,;aWe to his victims. j !. '.J.jubfedly rozne sort of se'cclion will hire I 1 i.- nrade, and npon sosnc sort of basis, it,j a- tr P.-mir leads us to believe, the whoIrJof j ,tl: rtiiwavs are not to he commenced at onc| — j V. : hi that ense it might be found advautagtana ; i». <.-o tlie pntnary choice rather 0:1 some sich I ti -s those at which we have hinted , thou ton j j-. -re political exigencies and party speculntibn. ; K .ring fonnd the point-at which a line ceased to h.- remunerative, or became couiparatively nfcn- J paring, the Application of that to the eircqra- J stincAs of a given £listrict,-taking into account i;: population and production, would be c6fiv p"raf:velr easy. Tmre xoiild'oe" fectstoiu3i- cite the paving capacity of a line. At present we have little but random assertions and as-- mmptions to fall back upon in favor of mora than one; yet surely an ultimate jnrtuer ex penditure of four or five millions and a taxation for interest of another £200,000> a year might jnstify;and more than justify, . at least a com mencement of common souse and pertinent enquiry. . ,,t. ; ; Mall WALsn is a Meciber of. Parliament whose -hair, -like the tails of aitwirling mop, is always on etul. l lf it isnot stiff iu abhorrence of the iniquity of his opponents, it is in amazement at his'tfwn mental-greatness and consistency, at 1»» nnznerited safTerings, and at the calumnies with whk-h he' supposes the air to be filled against him. Jlri WlLsa", therefore, revels ill" FtipcrfAtives apposite to the presumed occasion, and his speeches sometimes read like a litany of execration. An objectionable estimate becomes a " dialh'lic&T;' one; An obstinate Minister a 4i stnpid" or an 14 infamous" one ; a Bill of dubious policy an/4 execrable measure." " Liar" ; and impostor" are descriptiv'e epithets which, j coming from him, are milu expressions of con , viction. He cannot if-he wouid be moderate. : If a 'hnndred or two selectors suffer from a , drought his imagination expands and he raves I over starving thousands ont of a population that i.« notyet a quarter of a -million; I10 snielh a I job in every promotion, and stalks in a phrenzv i of wrath and terror amongst the corrupt ghosts of his pwn creation, in:, that ngohy of npprc- henrion-ii is not'to be- wondered at that hit memory sometimes fails, nnd that with his usn&l; precipitancy ho overwhelms others _%rith_nbuse, for statements of which he is hlmself-the author last Thoraduy week he afforded another instance to the many on record of this kind of blunder. In the course of a discussion on. the policy of commencing all the railways at once, Mr. DoudiAs referred to the Brisbane extension of the 'Southern and Western Kail way and its enormous coat, connecting Mr. Walsh with both. At this the honorable member? biliary system seems to hare become doubly irritable, und lie. is reported to have said, 44 He hurled back the 44 statement agrnust the i'reinier, and also against 44 the mLsrable -hung < writers- who were con. ' sta'ntiy "prating the same tliing,ftud savihgHiat u.he pruuilsed limt. the railway slionld he made u. wituin £200,000. He never said anything of 4l .the kind, and was not fool e.iougli to have done 44 so. Whatever that line really cost he washed " hi hands of the expenditure, because,, da he 44 ha i over atfd over again repeated, he left office 44 &li; rtly the oiunieijcement of tlie work, 44 a zii was tlie rr. fine no more responsihle fur the 44 'iditure than be v:r.f» for the expenditure of ".the lino now constructing between DaJjiy and " Iloina." There is much more of the samq sort, but u Mr. Waiar's eloquence is eminently that of repetition it is not necessary to trouble our reaier?- with it. ' Tirstly, with reference' lo tho £200,000.— When Mr. Robert Watson, the Victorian En gineer, brought up here ia 1876- to investigate the causes of tlie enormous cost which had been gone to on the line referred to, took evidence, he examined, am'ongpt others, the Honorable. H. "E._Kis-o, tliWMmiien. for Works, and noiy 8fK-ekvr of the Legislative Assembly, and, that gctiiienian. testified thus; — 44 It was certainly rre 11 presented to the House that it (the voto of- £H«2,000) was to cotnpleio the Hue, beoias I " took an active parr in deputing the efficiency f4 of the estimate, I then e xpressed : niy corivifc ".victton it would not be sufficient, and loth the P'llome and 'ynyji'lf ictrc atmrcd by the Minis' .44 Ur for Works at tlie tunc that ho believed it t would be fintficiont"— -nVATRoN's Reubrt.y.ev; ;p. 10T) Tliat ' Minister for Works was IrT Walsh ! Other Members . besides Mr. - Kino' Jiave oyer and over, agalu in public, botl- in: -Parliarnent ahd out ''of it,"said thoTanie.' If. public writers assume these gentlemen to have Ataled a fact arc they therefore.4 lying writers?'.' Jjt-i Mr. Walsh refute Mr. Kino, Mr., Fbaser, Mr. Onoojr, and others aud we will then own that tlioy were miRtaken. -And Ictus nisk.who 'wp the person referred to by the Hon. I«'.;Hart when the approval of tho plans was before tho - Council,'- Bod that gentleman > (an opponent stntedTh&t;, having in the interval of discussion been nsRurod " hy gdod: authority that ..thb £102,000 would be sufficient; 'ho withdrew his opposition.; The whole debate is reported in the Barnard of the Council, debates ot tho Session ,o.f 1872. t "... . . \- Secondly, with reference to the initiation 'of the eystcnis which led. to thedncreaso complained 'of, aiid Mri Walsh's sharo in 'that.— Mr, Watbojt attributes that increase to three .caiiseR, thefirst two beiug — (l.)'Tbo commencement of tlie works beforo Bufliciont time had been given for the' preparation of the plans, Ac. (2.) Tho. .iuloptJ0n_oL-wlmt'-j8_ejTonoously_ cnllcd tlie. "small contract" Ryu torn. In thin opinion it is clear ibat Mri MTLWRAlTH'concurred; and that -Mr#-iKiNG,-both-on-thq— V/otson-Knqtnjy -and- hcforo'tJio Select' Coninlittco of the Legislative Assembly, agroed'with him.' Now, what share had Mr. Walsh in' both ? 'On tlie 27tlr November, 1872,_Mr._STAi.LKy,; the Engincer-iti- Cliiof, made certiiiii suggestions astuthorcol 44 sinull contract" flyBlem, and on ihem.vprooosed-r4.4 Thut -tho Chief Kngiucor Hhall.'-fogether ivitl! th6 working plans, dmwingE, itc., ;proparo andBubmia t;dotailed ; es'.iniato- of tliu 'coot of the' works on th'b several sections into whioli for eonvonienco riho. lino inay bo Biib diyided" 'bofpre. any?coftl!ractfl;,woro entered' into. In December .instructions were furnished to Mr. Stanley onibodying tljut siiggoBtion ; but, acting under verbs! ihstriiclifma of the Minifiter or the Ccimniissiouor, his proposal was set on. onb niclo— (Ev. Report, p, 81 to h-1). Mr. M'li. wraith found when ho csiuo into office on tho 4th Januaiy, 187'1, that 44 from first lo hist tho Estimates wero never sout iu until tho works were in a great miuiy cases finished, and 'in almost evoty other casolet to small contractors and ho addB l4VVlion I became Minister, U10 44 first thing I did w&h; to ask for an Estimate, to "compare it with tho corI of tho wurku as- 44 actually oonstructod; and I found to my as- 44 tomshuent that no Estimate hud ' been fur 41 nUhed, akhough almost all the works wore iu 44 progress on every section." Mr. Kino states, 44 "Works were commenced not .only before tho 44 Estimates wero framed, but almost beforo too 44 surveys were complotod." And as to con- ! tracts, Mr. Stanley, in his eridcnco beforo tho I Legislative Assembly Committee, admitted that the so-called small ; contracts, were simply agreements which tho Goveriimcnt could ter minate at any time— (E v. to Report, p. 25, Q G70 nnd I1S9). Mr. Kino nffirraa' thnt tho ?o culled contracts wero no contracts qt all. TIiFpyorkTirs"urOTiee"W"era- cotnmuct>'dlwf_re" I'ubruary, 1873, and considerable progress nrst l»ave I'peu made by Jtdy, as in ,7auuary,-f16M, j Mr. M4lLWKAiTn found 44 all tho works hi pro- ! uress on every section.' Mr. Walsh did not ienvo office. till tlie IOtli Jnly, 1878, between five nr..! six months after tlie no-systcm complaiuod "of "by Mr. Watson was begun uuderhim. ' Where is the error in holding him responsible for the initiation of a slovenly "and irregular course, to which, in the: opinion of two. of his «>.ieces«ors— and of Mr. Watson — no small ivr- , tion of the extra costs is due ? Is it not de sirable that he should continue 'to 44 wash hi? | hands'' and — iraless he can refute the tcstim ny i wc have quoted — be temperate in his langnaiv '? \ He has never attempted refutation, and pcrh ips never wilir 