CHAPTER LXII. " Das Glttck iBt elne leicbte Dirne, Und Weill nicbt gern ameelbeo Ort; 8ie Btreicht da8 Haar dir von der Stirne Und kUast dicb rasch und flattert fort. Frau TJnglllck hat im Oegentheile Dich liebeteet BII'B Eerz gedi llckt; Sie sagt, sie babe keine Eila, Setzt sich zu dir ana Bett und sttickt." -HEINE. Something which Mirah had lately been w&tching; for aB the fulfilment of a threat, aeemed now the continued visit of that familiar Borrow which had lately come back, bringing abundant luggage. Turning out of Knightsbridge, after singing at a charitable morning concert in a wealthy house, where she had been recommended by Klesmer, and where there had been the ueial groups outside to Bee the departing conpany, Bhe began to feel herself dogged by foctetepB that kept an even pace with her own. Her concert dress being simple black, ov«r which she had thrown a dust cloak, could not make her an object of unpleasant attention, and render walking an impru dence ; but this reflection did not occur to Mirah : another kind of alarm lay uppermost in her mind. She immediately thought of her father, and could no more look round than if she had felt herself tracked by a ghost. To turn and face him would be volintarily to meet the rush of emotions which beforehand seemed intolerable. If it wero her father, he must mean to claim re cognition, and he would oblige her to face him. She must wait for that compulsion. She walked on, not quickening her pace-of what nse was that?-but picturing what was aboit to happen as if she had the full cer tainty that the man behind her was her father; and along with her picturing went a regnt that she had given her word to Mrs. Mej:ick not to use at>y concealment about him. Tbe rf gret at last: urged her, at least, to try and hinder any sudden betrayal that would cause her brother an unnecessary shock. Under the pressure of this motive, she resolved to turn before she reached her own door, and firmly will the encounter in stead of merely submitting to it. She had already reached the entrance of the small equara where her home lay, and had made up her oind to turn, when she felt her em bodied presentiment getting closer to her, then dipping to her Bide, grasping her wrist, and easing with a persuasive curl of accent, "Mirah!" She paused at once without any start; it was tbe voice Bhe expected, and she was meeting the expected eyes. Her face was as grave ai if she had been looking at her ex ecutions, while his was adjusted to the in tention of soothing and propitiating her. Once a handsome face, with bright colour, it was low callow and deep-lined, and had that peculiar impress of impudent suavity which :omes from conrting favour while acceptirg disrespect. He was lightly made and acive, with something of youth about him which made the BignB of age seem a dis guise ; and in reality he was hardly fifty-seven. His drera was shabby, as when she had seen him bifore. The presence of this un reverses father now, more than ever, affected Mirah vith the mingled anguish of shame and griif, repulsion and pity-more than ever, now that her own world was changed into on« where there waB no comradeship to fence hin from scorn and contempt. Slowlr, with a sad, tremulous voice, Bhe Baid, " )t is you, father." " Whr did you run away from me, child ?" he begin, with rapid speech which was meant to have a tone of tender remon strance accompanied with various quick gesturei like an abbreviated finger-language. " Whai were yon afraid of? You knew I never nade you do anything against your will. £ was for your sake 1 broke up your engagement in the VorBtadt, beciuse I saw it dide't euit you, and you repaid me by 1 leaving me to tbe bad times that eame in coneecuence. I bad made an easier engage ment for you at the Vorstadt Theatre in Dreedin-1 didn't tell you, because I wanted to tale you by surprise. And you left me Elantxd there-obliged to make myself scarce ecanie I had broken contract. That was hard ines for me, after I had given up every thing for the Bake of getting you an educa tion which was to be a fortune to you. Whai father devoted himself to his daughter morf than I did to you. You know how I bore that disappointment in your voice, and mad) the beat of it; and when 1 had nobody beetles you, and was getting broken, as a mar. must who has had to fight his way with his brains-yon ohose that time to leave me. Wbo else was it yon owed everything to, if not to me? and where was yonr feeling in return ? For what my daughter cared, I might have died in a ditch." Lapidoth stopped start here, not from lack of invention, but because he had reached a pathetic climax, and gave a sadden sob, like a woman's, taking out hastily an old yellow silk handkerchief. He really felc tbac tiis daughter had treated him ill-a sure of sen* sibility which is naturally strong in unscm. pulous persons, who put down what is owing to them, without any per contra. VLuah, in spite of that sob, had energy enough not to let him suppose that he deceived her. ehe answered more firmly, though it was the first time she had ever n^.ed accusing words to bim. " Ycu know why I left you, fat' er: «nd I had reason to dietiust yon, because I felt sure that you had deceived my mother. If I could, have trusted yon, I would have stayed with you and worked for yon." "I never meant to deceive your mother* Mirah," said Lapidoth, putting back his hand* kerchief, but beginning with a voice that; seemed to struggle againBt farther sobbing! "I meant to take you back to u. r. buc chances hindered me just at the time and then there came information of her death. It was better for you that I should stay where I was, and your brother could take care of himself. Nobody had any claim on me bat you. I had word of your mother's death from a particular friend, who had undertaken to manage things for me, and I sent him over money to pay expenses. There's one chance, to be sure"-Lapidoth hath quickly conceived that be must guard apainet something un likely, yet posBible-" he miy have written me lies for the sake of getting tke money oat of me." Mirah made no answer; she could not bear to ntter the only true one-"I don't be* lieve one word of what yon say"-and she Bim ply showed a wish that they would walk on, feeling that their standing still might draw down unpleasant notice. Even as they walked along their companionship might well have made a passer-by turn back to look at them. The figure of Mirah, with her beauty set off by the quiet, carefal dress a£ an English lady, made a strange pendant to this Bhabby, foreign-looking, eager, and ges ticulating man, who withal had an inefface able jauntinees of air, perhaps due to the bushy curls of his grizzled hair, the smaUness of bis hands and feet, and his light walk. " You seem to have done well for yourself," Mirah ? You are in no want, I see," said the father, looking at her with emphatic examina* tion. " Good friends who found me in distress have helped me to get work," Baid Mirah, hardly knowing what she actually said, from being occupied with what she would pre sently have to say. " I give lessons. I have eung in private houseB. I have jast been singing at a private concert." She paused, and then added with significance, "I kava very good friends, who know all aboat me." "And you would be ashamed they should Bee your father in this plight? No wonder. 1 came to England with no prospect, bat*?*"* chance of finding you. It was a mad quest; but a father's heart is superstitious-feels ft. loadstone drawing it somewhere or other. I mieht have done very well, staying abroad : when I hadn't yon to take care of, I could have rolled or settled as eaBy as a ball; bat it's hard being lonely in the world, when your spirit's beginning to break. And I thought my little Mirah would repent leaving ber father, when she came to look back. I've had a sharp pinch to work my way; I don't know what I shall come down to next. Talents like mine are no nse in this country. When a man's getting oat at elbows nobody will believe in him. I couldn't get any decent employ with my appearance. I've been, obliged to go pretty low for a shilling already." Mirah's anxiety was quick enough to imagine her father's sinking into a further degradation, which she was boand to hinder if Bhe could. But before she could answer his string of inventive sentences, delivered with as much glibness as if they had been learned by rote, he added promptly "Where do you live, Mirah?" "Here, in this equate. We are not far from the houBe." " In lodgicgs ?" "Yes." "Any one to take care of you ?" " Yes," said Mirah again, looking full at the keen face which was turned towards here-" my brother." The father's eyes flattered as if the light ning bad come across them, and there was a slight movement of the shoulders. But he paid, after a juBt perceptible paase : "Ezra? How did you know-how did you find him ?" "That would take long to tell Here we are at the door. My brother would not wish me to close it on you." Mirah was already on the door-step, but bad ber face turned towards her father, who stood below her on the pavement. Her heart had begun to beat faster with the prospect of what waB coming in the presence of Ezra; and already in this attitude of giving leave to the father whom she had been used to obey-in this sight of him standing, below her, with a perceptible shrinking from the admission which he had been indirectly ask ing for, she had a pang of the peculiar, sym pathetic humiliation and shame-the stabbed heart of reverence-which belongs to a nBture intensely filial. "Stay a minute, Liebchen," said Lapidoth, speaking in a lowered tone; " what sort Of man has Ezra turned oat ?" "A good man-a wondeifal man," said Mirah, with slow emphasis, trying to master the agitation which made her voice more tremulous as ehe went on. She felt urged to prepare her father for the complete penetra* tion of himself wbich awaited him. " But he was very poor when my friends found him for me-a poor workman. Once-12 yearn ago-be waB Btrong and happy, going to the EaBt, which he loved to think of; and my mother called him back because-^bec&uae; she had lost me. And be went to her, and took care of her through great trouble, «?"<* worked for her till she died-died in And Ezra, too, bad lost his health and strength. The cold had Beized him coming back to my mother, because she was for saken. For years he has been getting weaker -always poor, always working-bat fall of knowledge, and great ? minded. AU who cr me near him honour him. To stand before him iB like standing before a prophet of God" \- Mirah ended with difficulty, ber heart throbbing-"falsehoods are no nse." She had cast down her eyes that she might not Bee her father while she spoke the last words-unable to bear the ignoble look of flustration that gathered in his face. Bat he was cone the less quick in invention decision. "Mirah, Lkbchen," he said, in the old cnrePBing way, "shouldn't yon like me to make myself a little more respectable before my son sees me? If I had a little sum of money I conld fit myself out, and come homo ? to yon as your father ought; and then I oould offer myself for some decent place. With a good shirt and coat on my batik people woald be Rind enough to have me, I ooold offer myself for a courier, it 1 didn't look like a broken-down mountebank, - I shouldlfke to be with my cfcildretv and forget and foigiv*. But yon have newt seen your father leak like ibis before. If you had tea pounds tfc land-or I could appoint yon to bring it me somewhere-I could fio mjself oat by tUe day after to-morrow." Mirah felt herself under a temptation which she moat try to overcome. She an0wered, obliging herself to look at him again " I don't like to deny yon what yon ask, father; but I have given a promise not to do things for yoa in BO ere t. It is hard to see yon looking needy, bat we will bear that for »little while; and then jon can have new clothes, and we can pay for them." Her practical sense made her Bee now what was lbs. Meyrick's wisdom in exacting a pro ?use from her. Lapidoth'e good-humour gave way a little. He said, with a sneer, "You are a hard and fast young lady-you've been learning useful virtue!-keeping promises not to help your father with a pound or two, when you are setting money to dress yourself in silk-your father who made an idol of you, and gave up the beat part of his life to providing for you." " It seems cruel-I know it seems cruel,' ?aid Hirab, feeling this a worse moment when she meant to drown herself. Her tif» were suddenly pale. " But, father, it is more cruel to break the promisee people toast in. That broke my mother's heart-it baa broken Ezra's life. You and I must eat new this bitterness from what has been. Bear it Bear to come in and be cared for as yen are." " To-morrow, then," said Lapidoth, almost turning on his heel away from this pale, trembling daughter, who seemed now to have cot the inconvenient world to back her; but be quickly turned on it again, with his hands feeling about restlessly in his pockets, ?ad said, with some return to his appealing tone, "I'm a little cut up with all this, Mirah. I shall get up my spirits by to ?sorrow. If you've a little money in your pocket, I suppose it isn't against your pro wee to give me a trifle-to buy a cigar with." Mirah could not ask herself another ques tion-could not do anything else than put her erid trembling hands in her pocket for her portemonnaie, and hold it out. Lapidoth grasped it at once, pressed her fingers the while, said, "Good- bye, my little girl-to morrow then!" and left her. He had not taken many steps before he looked carefully into all the folds of the purse, found two half- sovereigns and odd silver, and, pasted against the folded cover, a bit of paper on which Ezra had inscribed, in a beautiful Hebrew character, the name of his mother, the days of her birth, marriage, and death, and the prayer, "May Mirah be delivered from eviL" It was Mirah's liking to have thin little inscription on many articles that sbe used. The father read it, and had a Quick vision of his marriage-day, and the bright, unblamed young fellow he was in that time; teaching many things, but ex pecting by and bys to get money more easily by writing; and very fond of his beautiful bride Sara-crying when she expected him to cry, and reflecting every phase of her feeling with mimetic susceptibility. Lapidoth had travelled a long way from that young self, 'and thought of all that this inscription signi fied with an unemotional memory, which was like the ocular perception of a touch to one who has loBt the sense of touch, or like morsels on an an tasting palate, having shape and grain, but no flavour. Among the things we may gamble away in a lazy selfish life is the capacity for truth, compunction, or any unselfish regret-which we may come to long for as one in slow death longs to feel laceration, rather than be conscious of a widening margin where consciousness once was. Surah's purse was a handsome one-a gift to her, which she had been unable to reflect about giving away-and Lapidoth presently found himself outside of his re verie, considering what the purse would letch in addition to the sum it contained, and what prospect there was of his being able to get more from his daughter without submitting to adopt a penitential form of life under the eyes of that formidable son. #n such a subject his susceptibilities were ?till lively. Meanwhile Mirah had entered the house with her power of reticence overcome by the cruelty ol her pain. She found her brother quietly reading and sifting old manuscripts of his own, which he meant to consign to Deronda. In the reaction from the long effort to master herself, she fell down before him and clasped his knees, sobbing, and crying, "Ezra, Ezra!" He did not speak. His alarm for her was spending itself on conceiving the causa of her distress, the more striking from the novelty in her of this violent manifestation, fiat Mirah's own longing was to be able to -speak and tell him the cause. Presently she raised her hand, and still sobbing, said btokingly "Ezra, my father! our father! He fol tawed me. I wanted him to come in. I said 9«s would let him come in. And he said No, he would not-not now, but to- morrow. And he begged for money bom me. And I Cave him my purse, and he went away." Mirah's words seemed to herself to express all the misery she felt in them. Her brother found them less grievous than his precon ceptions, and said gently, " Wait for calm, Mirah, and then tell me all," putting off her hat and laying his hands tenderly on her head. She felt the soothing influence, and in a few minutes told him as exactly as she oould all that had happened. "He will not come to-morrow," scud Mor decaL Neither of them said to the other what they both thonght, namely, that he might watch for Mirah's outgoings and beg from her again. "Seest thou," he presently added, "our lot is the lot of Israel. The grief and the glory are mingled as the smoke and the flame. It is because we children have in herited£he good that we feel the eviL These things are wedded for us, as our father was wedded to our mother;" The surroundings were of Brompton, but the voice might have come from a Rabbi transmitting the sentences of an elder time te be registered in BaJbli-bj which affec innate-Bounding diminutive is meant the vast volume of the Babylonian Talmud. "The Omnipresent," said a Rabbi, "is .ecupied in making marriages." The levity «f the saying lies in the ear of him who hears it; for by marriages the speaker meant all the wondrous combinations of the universe whese issue makes our good and eviL 