RIDICULOUS RHYMES, TWO TRIPS IN THE "STORM KING." TRIP THE FIRST. BY A MODERN MARINER. OUR good ship lay in Hobson's Bay, And her cargo all was stored; And we only stayed for Captaiu Wade And his mate to come on board ; And none more brave e'er crossed the wave Than that captain we adored. And when he stood upon the deck, He read a letter o'er, And his face grew white as the moon at night, Or the crest of the wave when the wild winds rave, And shout in their mirth, and roar ; And while he read, he shook his head As he groaned full sad and sore. Then said the mate to our captain brave— " What tidings have you heard ?" " The greatest woe that man can know, Or lips have e'er declared : I had a wife," the captain said, "As fair as flowers of May ;" " And has she died ?" the mate then cried. " She has flown like a bird away— Like a bird she fled," the captain said, "With my schoolmate, Hector Gray." And we sailed away from Hobson's Bay— Away for the Indian shore ; And fast and free through the Southern Sea Like a steed our good ship tore ; And our captain brave would view the wave, As he'd sigh and moan full sore. The moon was full, but dim and dull, When the tempest struck our ship, And she laboured sore aud our hopes were o'er, For we thought that we, as well as she, Were making the final trip ; But our captain brave gazed on the wave With firm, undaunted lip. Yes, she laboured sore, and our hopes were o'er When the quartermaster roared— " See, captain, see what stands by me : A ghost has come on board !" And we turu'd our eyes when we heard the cries, And we saw the crier reel; And a shadowy form, waved by the storm, Was standing at the wheel. And he steered the ship, and he made her slip Like a dolphin through the sea; And proud and brave she topped the wave, And never a drop shipped she. A frightened group, we thronged the poop ; And on the spectre's brow, By letters red these words were said— " Vengeance is steersman now." And he steered the ship, and he made her slip Through the raging sea that night; But his form grew dun ere the sun's pale rim Arose from the ocean white. But still the crew and the captain knew That his presence there was real; For we felt that he whom we could not see Was labouring at the wheel. And he made the ship o'er the wild wave slip For three long days and nights, Like the seagull bird; and on the third We saw the signal-lights Of .a ship distress'd, on the sou'-sou'-west, Like blue stars in their flights. And when they'd done, the signal-gun Boomed forth a shriek for aid; And he who steered our good ship cheered— And we all grew 'sore afraid; For it smote the ear and heart with fear; But our captain stamped his feet, And he clenched his hand and said—" 'Tis grand : 'Tis music wild and sweet." And the phantom steered as loud he cheered, But his cheering sunk to rest When he'd made our ship o'er the wild waves slip To the lee of the ship distress'd ; Like a bird he made her swiftly skip O'er the ocean's billowy breast. Beneath her lee we lay, for he Had power to hold us there ; Then cold and pale at the strange ship's rail We saw a lady fair; And we heard her cry for aid and wail Rise o'er the tempest there. And by her side stood one who cried— " Oh ! save—oh ! save her life." Then our captain said—" By heaven o'erhead, My foeman and my wife ! In the tempest's strife we have met," he said— "We shall meet in a deadlier strife." And our helmsman cheered and onward steered, And through the tempest's frdwn We saw her dip—the stranger ship— Then struggle and go down ; And a wail rose wild, as she disappeared From the ocean's foaming crown. And we gazed with pain on the cruel main ; And on its breast of gloom, That heaved and swelled, we there beheld Two forms upon a boom— A man and woman whom he held, There fought against their doom.. And he who steered laughed wild and cheered, And laid us by the twain ; Then our captain bravo stepped forth to save The stragglers from the main ; And he placed them on a deck once more, And he met his wife again. But never a word a sailor heard Fall from our captain's lip— No glance he threw upon the two He'd dragged from Ocean's grip ; But fierce and wild he looked, yet smiled— For Vengeance steered the ship. The gems of night were shining bright, The moon was full and clear, When " Land a-head!" the lookout said, Then Vengeance gave a cheer ; And the captain's eye looked proud and liigh, And it made the sailors fear. And when we'd neared the land, loud cheered The form who steered the brig, Then cried aloud—" Ye sailor crowd, Get out the captain's gig." And we swung her out, with cheer and shout, From the davits of the brig. And the hapless twain, with sin's dark stain, Went from our ship once more ; And our captain true, with sabres two, Swung from the brig into his gig With a tiger yell or roar; Then Vengeance said as he waved his head— " I will steer these three ashore." The gig came back o'er her moonlit track With two, and only two— A woman cold and our captain bold, And his brow was damp with dew; And his hand, was red, as he smiled and said— "Your helmsman's gone from you." And that woman pale gave one wild wail As we bore her down below, With a tender care, and we left her thera With her guilt and with her woe ; Then we trimmed each sail, for we felt the gal« From the island freshly blow. And day by day she pined away, And the shark was in our wake— And the captain knew, and the sailors too, What he had come to take; And her soul took flight at the dead of night, While the shark was in our wake. Then the first mate said to the captain—" Dead ; She sleeps the dreamless sleep ;" And our captain bold looked stern and cold, And he seemed as if he'd weep ; But he raised his hand—oh ! proud and grand— And he pointed to the deep. Next day we flew through the water blue, But no word our captain spake ; And his face of snow was full of woe, As if his heart would break ; And he paced the deck with his heart a wreck— But no shark was in our wake. (To be continued J 