THE GHOST OF LONE T?EE DELL ta ?eage posels?bllities spring from minute nes in our lives, and we,who aen only see as the future is revealed to aeprope blindly, never dreaming that upon the meet .crvial things hang one entire lives for weal or Idttle did the Uev.Speneer Belby imagine, as be was ess usmedonde dark, weird October night to administer aeseilstln to poor old Mrs. Flynn, who lay dying, .tl .,4out of the think gloom through which he was * sggling would cme to him a revelation never , :dneard oflob~is tsloopyy esateo;befor the o ful study Are, listening to .al e..eplasinlng winds, and feeling a sense of esoenrity and comfort, he had drifted deep into abstruse spoon. lotion when the summons same. And it was not p that be left his oesy home upon such a night aem ensae of duty. lhe wind is like a knife, sir, as you will and, and a bet to be on the safe side," said the housekeeper, Iflmas nsotoy gues it will rain beforemidnight," Swith the prophesy she dosed the door upon the ,popr m , who (o she bhad declared to some familiar adp again and again) " did not know enough to take Se s a pself, larned as he was." * r time the lantern revealed fitully and dimly Shp. he turned aside from the well.beaten , t into the path leading through Lone d to the m ettge beyond. Then a sadden d, more fore than any before, neerly ubbd im of breath, lifted him from his feet, and g iasd the light, leaving him with the sense of . L been swallowed by the intense darkness. And ar s tm b.e was only conscious of propressin in the l .t diretlun Presently, however, has eyee beoame to the change, and be could dimly disoern Sray, d began a more systematis march onward, h no is e, he distinetly seaw the libht form of p .orsanglidnq ounjust in advanoe of him, with a ts beating shout her delirate limbs and ( the wind. This mueh he determined as a clud let through the rifts a gleam of star Could this have been the messeger from the P Was the poor, young thing thus braving o aend nit use? He would speak to her \- i pebreeof his company and protection. At tews oment his voeins went out upon the winds Wbl.iy movlng clouds blotted out the little light pperitted, and blackness, as the wing of a a tut ot everything again. He could do nothing sut ble o, tr?t?ing that thegirl's knowledge of wa would take her dafely home, while the fact ;,) mleowIng so loely would give her a sense of seeo ad andgai he alled to her. had there relections .paeeed through his ore the suddng clouds once more revealed thbe sarlighted sy,and the path beca?e S ut pthe femae figure he expected to ?e nu before his, and which he thought to lthat he might lend his strong arm to nsupport, ia t ,, diso -thei path winding plainly f considerable distance was before him, but all That the girl could have outetripped p impossible The glimpse he bad obtained of 6 ersd a slight petite form, and one whose eth we unequal to the struggle of making much ,bepdw ga neueh a tempest. That she must hney i anes ire m the beaten track seemed evident und, e 'ghepeered around in every diretion. Nothing 'a waste of lowland, lying between the hills, with :ca le tee in the centre, and from which it behad i e aI? mem, met hip sight. A thought of the story of a ghoat, said to haunt this lonely spot because of the murder of a rich traveller rae thele one tree, flitted through his mind, but only to e esriled down the next instant as a bit of superstitions nussepid of the ignorant villagers. And then even the most creadulous head never professed to have seen aything but the spirit of the murdered man, with his epl- g ounds, and his especial apparition was surely a wh i and though she had mysaterionuely disap. "ered, beaad not a doubt of her being tangible flesh -ad blood. ' Upon arelviug at his destination he spoke of the me?sege- baving outltripped him in some unaceount. able ?iuner to ther Flynn, and questioned as to Swhich of the tall lassies (who were clustered around the ire with tear?swollsn faces, for their mother lay dying) It was who had been so swift of foot and o Ter some moments the old man stared at the minister with vasant expression. Then it changed to a troubled one, and, sheakiug his head, he sank his wolke to almost a whisper as he replied : "It was either "of them, sir. A forty.horee power couldn't dra one o' my gals through Lone Tree Dell after "Who same for me IP" questioned Mr. Selby. S" Ohs of the Smith boys, and he 'lowed he'd be all night with one of his chums. It were so dark, and mother so bad, and kept wishin' for ye that I thought ?asybe you wouldn't mind comin', 'spesly as you don't put no dependene on that air ghost story. Though, to be L with you, sir, some strange thing happen do#n by thet lone tree after dark." The incredulous smile upon the fsee of Mr. Selby answered him, and brought out a fresh pretest. * I've lived here going on ten years, and I tell you -s mighty strange things have been goin' on down -_?s SA'green from the sufferer, whose feet were stand. ing near the river'st bank and waiting only for the Ssummons, interrupted the revelation, and drew all to the bedside. Seons of this kind were becoming fa. millerto the young peastor, yet they were always in expressibly sad and solemn, S Upon-tLis ocasion, eloquent were his exhortations and prayers, as he spoke words of cheer and comfort. SThaen, s the invalid sank into the lethargy which pro. cedes death, he took his departure, leaving her to the ministrations of kind neighboure and friends. The wind was somewhat abated when he turned hi' steps homeward through the glen, and the grief of the poor family he had just left wse pressing upon his mind to the exelmsion of all else until be bad acr complished half the distance, and had reeched the vicinity of the lone tree. Then the fact of the mystiou appearance near the spot of some unknown e tle forced Itself upon him unpleasantly, and he involuntarily looked around. At the moment a low moan broke through the pauses of the wind with em phatle distinetness, and caused the cheeke of the brave pastor to grow a shade more pale, and his hair to And it annot be denied that for an instant Mr. 8elby meditated taking to his heels in ignominious flight It is to be presumed that he would never have coknowledged, eve, to hi ec f, tt- surh was t fect t and upon second th gate the matter, and .14evdlee good fire in his study was awaiting him, even if his careful housekeeper had retired. Now and then a slight moan or shiver of the deli ,ate form within his arms proclaimed life and return ing animation as he strode rapidly forward. But be made no pause until he had accomplished the distance, and placed his borden in a great arm-chbair before the cheerful blaze, and disclosed to his wondering vision the flae of a noted village beauty-Diana Danforth I The soft blue eyes opened and glanced wildly and questioningly about the cosy reoom. A rosy blush sueoseded the death-like pallor when she had taken in the surroundings, together with the earnest, puzzled face of the handsome young pastor. "Miss Danforth, is it possible P" he exclaimed. "I will aruse my housekeeper. You are ill and-" " No, mo. Do not retreat," exclaimed she, in a dsaed, frightened manner. o Of course I will oblige you in every way possible a only tell me what I oan do for you. Shall I take you home P Will you have a glass of wine P" questioned he. "No, thank you, sir. Only tell me how I ame here." "I found you lying by the lone tree in the dell, partially insensible, and thoroughly chilled with the cold." "Oh, I remember it all now," said she, covering her faoe with her hands as if to shut out some hateful vision, while a thrill seemed to pervade her frame; end when she again removed her hands she grew so deadly pale that the pastor disappeared and brought a glass of wine, which he gently forced her to drink. " I think I will go home now," said she, somewhat strengthened by the draught, " but first, Mr. Selby, will you promise not to tell anyone what has happened on this occasion P" "I am safe in making the promise," he returned with a smile, " since I am in perfect ignorance of how you came out in Lone 'ree Dell at midnight, and in a fainting, perishing condition." "I know it most seem very strange, but that is just what I want you to keep a secret, and of my havic been brought hither, even from your housekeper, and again a crimson blush mantled the beautiful foe. "Uertainly, I will premiseyon that, Miss Danforth," thinking how more than interesting she looked in her confusion. She had always seemed so self-posesseed, almost boldly, that this now timid face was a study and punzzle to the impressible pastor. "I think I will go now," she esid, rising and ad jonting her ahow, and hat. Then, tin a moat womanly fashion, wholly incomprehensible to Mr. Selby, she covered her face with her hands and burst into tears, and sank back again into the chair. But this indulgence of weakness she permitted only for an instant. With a wonderful self-command she dried her eyes, looked upon her companion with a smile so sweet and pathetic that he had all he could do to refrain from indulging in snaoe nonsense in the way of sympathy and condolence that would have been quite unbecoming to one of his cloth-to soy nothing of the time and place. "I am sure you do not know what to think of me," she continued, "and I fear I have forfeited all claim to your esteem and respeet." "Do not be too certain of that. Miss Diana. I.am very sorry for you, espeoially as yon seem to have some ' deep trouble." " I think I ought to tell you how I came to be in the Lone Tree Dell at asuch an unseasonable hour. Indeed, your kindneess is entitled to someexplanation. But that can be given on my way home, for I shall trespass upon you so far as to ask your essort. I am not so brave so I was when I left home in the even ing." Again she rose to depart, the pastor expressing pleasure in being permitted to attend her. The wind had saubeided, and the stare looked tranquilly down. The way so dark and desolate previously was now bright with the moonlight When they had fairly started Diana commened her story by the question : "Do you believe in ghosts, Mr. Selby P" " Not in the least, ]ies Danforth, although tonight I fancied I saw one." "Down in the dell P" "Yes, Miss Danforth but, if you please, I will hear about your ghost first. It may prove a solution to mine." "You must be aware, Mr. Selby, that this in the old country is celled Hallowe'en iight. Several of my girl friends were spending it with me, eitting up late, telling tales of strange tests and old legends gathered from our grandmothers, and finally we con eluded to try some of them. We placed chestnuts in the fire, and in the event of any we had named pop ping out, we were to eat the nut in silence before the glass in an adjoining chamber, with the expectation of seeing the face of our future husband appear over our shoulder. This, of course, semems very silly to you, ae it did to me. Yet when one of the nuts popped out of the fire to my very feet, I declared I would do any thing the girls commanded save the foolish trial of the lookngglasu. All taunted me with cowardice, and I declared I would go and bury the nut at the foot of the lone tree in the haunted dell. That being as severe a test of one's courage as could be afforded, they accepted the challenge, and dared me to do it, declaring that if on to-morrow they found the not at the designated spot, they would concede to me the crown of bravery, little dreaming that I would dare attempt such an undertaking. My spirits were up, and though the night was dark and the wind blew fiereely through the dell, I resolved that nothing should deter me. Accordingly, I wrapped myself up, and, knowing every step of the way, was soon in the path leading to my destination." A brief pause, as if to collect her thoughts, and she resumed. "As I left every homen habitation behind, and the dense darkness of the night settled down about me, my courage began to cool, and I regretted that I had been so foolhardy. All stories of the supernatural visitants of the lonely spot arose in my mind, and filled me with intense dread. I longed to torn back and fly homeward, but the fear of ridicule determined me to go on at all hazards." "It was a dangerous experiment," suggested her compamnon. "Yea, very. But I reached the lone tree, and was congratulating myself that I should soon aneomplish the task and be at home again, for as upon going I faced the wind, upon my return I would be driven by it But all ast once the clouds lifted, and I could plainly distinguish the surroundings. The solitary tree standing in the midst of desolation outstretched its leafless branohes as if to grasp me. Then ame a cry like nothing I ever heard before, and which struck terror to my very heart, and glancoing over my shoulder I distinctly saw a tall form pursuing me. Then again the darkness abshut out everything, and I only reeol leot flying oat of the path end reaching the tree and sinking at its roots more dead than alive. I dropped the nut I had grasuped in my hand and strove to rise and ftee. But at that moment that ter rible cry swept again up theglen,and I felt something like ice lng round me, my limbs refaused to sus tain me, and I sank down among the dead leaves sad knew nothing more until I felt myself lifted in human arms and the voice of kindness sounding in my ears. Yet even then I did not know from whence it came, so death-like must have been my swoon. I did not know who was my preserver until I opened my eyes upon your face. Now you know my whole story, Mr. Selby, and know how foolish and wickedly daring I have been. But you can never know how gratefol I am that you found and rescued me, and to my dying day I shall never forget this night, or that I have seen the ghost thathaunte the Lone Tree Dell. The minister knew, from the trembling of the little hand upon his arm, how truly she believed what abe had said and suffered. They had reached the gate of her home when she ceased speaking. The moot' looked radiantly down and disclosed the tearful and pale face of Diana Danforth. Taking her hand in both of his, Mr. Selby explained to her that he war the ghost-indeed, said much more that he had in tended, and at the last found himself going througb with a more tender leave-taking than had ever entered his wildest dreama. And when he again stood beside the chair in his study so reently occu pied by Diana Danforth, he looked upon it as forever hallowed, for the dear girl had promised to sit by hit hearthstone all the days of her life, and to brighten it. with her emile end presence. " As for the test. At the foot of the lone tree in th dell the companions of Diana found the half-burnee chestnut0 but what had caused such a prolonged absence of the ghsot she would nocer tell. The seoret teas looked in the breuste of the two whose interest it aviolate. Yet to esch other they th ghost an ell "qtieu t 