GEMS FOR THE THOUGHTFUL. The coward reckons himself cautious, ? the miser frugal. We cannot do evil to others without expe riencing it ourselves. The man who cannot laugh is only fit for trea sons, stratagems, and Bpoils. It often happens that life is very comfortable to those who expect little, but get all they can. The greatest pleasure is to do a good action by stealth, and to have it found out by accident. .n. moo care snouici oe to avoid the reproaches of his own heart ; his next, to escape the censures of tho world. One of the most fatal temptations to the weak id a slight deviation from the truth for the sake of apparent good. Every human being is intended to have a character of his own, .to be what no other is, to do what no other man can do. A good education is the best legacy we can leave to our children. It is the best invest ment we can make for ourselves. Few things are impracticable in themselves ; and it is for want of application rather than of means, that men fail of success. The useful encourages itself, for the multi tude produce it, and -no one can disponse with (jt ; the beautiful must bo encouraged, for few can set it forth, and many need it. Swearing is an offence which is most inex cusable, as there is scarce any temptation to it. It gratifies no sense, it yields no profit, it pro cures no honour. Therefore, of dealers in sin, the swearer is the silliest, and makes the worst bargains for himself. Nothing is less sincere than our manner of asking and giving advice. He who asks for advice, would seem to have a respectful defer ence for the opinion of his friend, whilst he only aims at getting his own approved of, and his friend responsible for his conduct. He who betrays another's secret because he has quarrelled with him, was never worthy of the sacred name of friend ; a breach of kindness the other I,ot Justify a breach of trust on We may judge of a man's character by what he loves, as readily as by his associates. If a person is wed to low and sordid objects-if ho takes delight in the bachanalian revel, the vulgar song, the debasing language — we can at once tell tho complexion of his mind Wisdom and truth, tho offspring of the sky, are immortal ; but cunning and deception, the meteors of the earth, after glittering for a moment,- must pass away. , It is with little-aouled people as it is with narrow-necked bottles-tho less then have in them the more noise they make in pouring out. Men are born with two eyes, but with one tongue, in order that, they may. see twice as much as they. say. .We know some who say twice as much as they see. ' Ma, does pa kiss tho cat?' 'Why, no my son. What, in tha name 'of ? goodness, put that in your head 1' ''Cos when , pa came down stairs this morning, ho kissed Sarah in the hall, and said, ' That's better thin kissing that old cat upstairs, ain't it Sarah V' ,i. 1 Thoro lives in London an old crossing sweeper a :cripple from birth, who was a pensioner of Charles Dickens. So long as Mr. Dickens lived ho received a regular allowance, and. never wan tod food or lodging. He still fre quents the squaro in which is Tavistock House, where tho great novelist wrote many of his books, ' Grace Greenwood ' writes that while in London, not long ago, slio stopped one clay and talked to him of his 'great friend.' His cheerful face clouded, yet glowed at once — ' Yos, madam, 1 suppose he was great,' he said ; but I only know he was good, and not at all proud. You sue, it was a good deal to remem ber a poor fellow like me, win n lie had so ninny things to do and so much to think out. He was a great loss to me, he was. Wlion I heard he was to be buried in Westminster. Abbey I walked all the way there, but they wouldn't let me in. I went another time, though, and found his grave all by myself. Ho lies in a grand place ; the country couldn't do more for a prince. ' Mi. Hallain Tennyson- son of tho Poet Laureate — is understood to be following in his father's footsteps as regards his devotion to the muse. » Charles Dickens, jun. , has abandoned literary pursuits, and is now chief partner in a London printing house. ' Experience.' says Jean Paul Ritcher, 'is tho best schoolmaster, but tho school-fees are somewhat heavy. ' Hood, tempting Lamb to dine with him, said, ' We have a hare. ' And many friends 1' in quired Lamb. Penn the founder of Pennsylvania, abhorred smoking. His Quaker Council one day, ob serving him approach, laid down their pipes. ' I am glad to see,' said Penn, ' that you are ashamed of that vile habit.' ' Not at all, returned a principal friend, we only laid them down lest we should offend a weak brother.' ?'An American Sunday school teacher recently provoked a not very agreeable answer to a ques tion put to his class. ' Why,' honsked, 'should we celebrate Washington's birthday more than mine?' ' Because he never told a lie ?' shouted a little boy. A Use of Crinoline. — Douglass Jerrold said an elderly actress, who used carmine and ? .i ? ,i ? ? c„,. ti,„ pearl ptiWUtJl .lM ill! Olll'OLlLltLU 1U1 HID JUUIillllll charms which had deserted her. 'Egad ! she should have a hoop about, with a notice upon ,it, ' Beware of the paint !' ' This was Sir Robert Stephenson's remark to the man who used to bother him .about per petual motion : — ' If you will take yourself up by the band of your breeches, and carry your self round the room, I will consider the matter.' A PuN.--Oaleb Whiteford, of punning no toriety, once observing a young lady earnestly at work knotting fringe for a petticoat, asked her what she was doing, ' Knotting, sir, replied she; ' pray, Mr. Whitford, can you knot?' ' I can-jioi, madam ' answered he. ' The English people,' Queen Charlotte one day said to the lady in waiting, ' did not like me much because I was not pretty ; but tho King was fond of driving a phaeton in those days and once he overturned me in a turnip field, and that fall broke my nose. I think I _was not quite so ugly after that.' Others were of a different opinion, however ; for once when a volunteer review was held, an old Kentish women made her way into the tent, where her Majesty was seated. 'She stood staring at -me,' says the Queen, 'with her arms akimbo. At last she said, ' Well ! she is not so ugly as they told, me she was !' ' Well, my good woman,' I replied, ' I am very glad of dat.'' More than twenty years ago Baron Bunsen called Max Muller into his library at Carlton House Terrace, told him, ' with beaming eyes,' that the Directors of the East India Company had granted funds for printing the Sacred Hymns of tho Brahmins, with commentary by Mr. Muller and added tkese words : Now you have got a work for life — a large block that will take years to plane and polish ; but mind, let us from time to time have Some chips from your workshop. The essays contained in these volumes are the chips with Max Muller has favoured the world in the interval. Dr. Chalmers told the followincr to Dean Ramsay : — ' A member of Robert Hall's flock, presumiug on his weight and influence in tho congregation, had called upon him and took liim to task for not more frequently or more fully preaching predestination, which he hoped in future would be more referred to. ; Hall, tho most moderate and cautious of men on this dark Question, was verv indignant : he looked steadily at his censor for a time, and replied, Sir, I perceive that you are predestinated to be an ass ; and what is more I Bee that you are determined to ' make your calling and election sure.' ' ' 'When Mrs Whately and I first married,' observed the Archbishop, many years later, ,' one of the first things we agreed upon was that, should Providence send us children, we would never teach them anything that they did not understand.' 'Not even their prayers, my Lord ?' asked the person ad dressed. ' No, not even their prayers,' he replied. To the custom of teaching children of tender age to repeat prayers by rote without attending to their sense, he objected, even more strongly than to any other kind of mechanical teaching, as he considered it inculcated the idea that a person is praying when repeating a form of words in which the mind and feelings have no part, which is destructive of the very essence of devotion. Whosoever considers the revolutions of learn ing and tho various question of greater or less importance upon which wit and reason have exercised their powers must lament the unsuc cessfulness of the inquiry and the slow advances of truth, when he reflects that the greater part of tho labour of every writer, is only the des truction of those that wont before him. — Dr. Johnson, If we pity the good and weak man who suffers undeservedly, let us deal very gently with him, from whom misery extorts not only tears, but shame ; let us think humbly and charitably of tho human naturo that suffers so Badly and fallB so low. Wliose turn may it be to-morrow ? What weak heart, confident before trial may not succumb under tempta tion invincible ? — Thackeray. There aro natures in which, if they love us, we are conscious of having a sort of bap tism and consecration ; they bind us over to rectitude and purity by their pure belief about us ; and our Bins become that worst kind of sacriledge which tears down the in visible altar of trust. If you are not good none is good ' — these little words may give a terrific meaning to responsibility, may hold a vitriolic intensity for remorse. — Georqc Eliot. Victor Hugo writes to Alfred Tennyson as follows My Eminent and Dear Brother — I read with emotion your Bupurb vorses. It is a reflex of glory which you send me. Why should I not love England, which pro duces bucIi as you — the England of Wilber forco, England of Milton, and Newton, England of Shakespeare? Franoe and Erig; land are to me a single people, as truth and liberty are a singlo light. I bolieve in tho unity of humanity, as I believo in tho unity of Divine. I love all people, and all men, and I admire your noble verseB, Ho that torments himBelf because things do not happen just as he would have: them, is but a sort of ulcer in the: world ; and he that is Belfish,- narrow- souled, ; arid sets .up for a seperate interest,- is a kind of: voluntary outlaw and disincorporates himBelf from mankind. r— -Defoe. ? ? ' ] . , : ; ?, r r . , ' ? ; ^ The latter part !of a' wise ' man's life Is taken up. ill curing, the follies^ prejudices, rand false bpmio'nshe liad'contracted in the farmer.—' Smft, Vermin in Colts. — Lice may accumulate in great numbers before they are discovered. Sometimes they are diffused all over the skiu ; and at other times they aro confined to the mane, the tail, and ] arts adjacent. The horse is frequently rubbing himself and often tho hair falls off in large patches. There are many lotions, powders, and ointments for destroying lice, ft! urcurial ointments, lotion of corrosive sublimate, and decoctions of tobacco are so dangerous that they never should bo used. Refuse oil or lard, rubbed on a lousy beast of any kind, immediately destroys the vermin, and there is no danger to be apprehended from their application. It merely occasions the hair being early in the Spring, and requires a little extra attention in tho housing of such animals as have been affected. Vinegar mixed with three times its bulk of water, is also a good application, and not dangerous. It is most irritating, but tho irritation soon subsides and does not sicken the horse ; tobacco often will. Next day the skin should be examined and wherever there is any sign of living vermin another application should 'be made, two days afterwards the horse should be washed with soapy water, and applied with a brush, that will reach the skin without irritating it. — Golden Rule. Pneumonia in Pigs. — Either of tho fol lowing formulas may be given three or four times a day, throwing the dose dry upon the root of the tongue, or mixing it with a little honey or treacle, and smearing it upon the tongue ; Take the ammonia, two scruples ; liquorice powder, half an ounco ; mix. Or tho following ; tarter emetic, three grains ; calomel six grains ; mix. In the convalescent stage, associated with debility, the following dose may be given thrice daily : Camphor, ten grains ; powdered anise seed and ginger, of each half a drachm ; mix with sufficient honey and treacle. Sour milk to drink.. Sloppy, steamed, or boiled food,. Plenty of straw bedding, and warm housing. Rain, formerly very rare in Lower Egypt,, has become frequent in Alexandria and Cairo, in consequent ot the extensive planting of the mulberry in that vicinity. It has been calculated that from an acre of ground, during twelve hours of a summer's day, more than 1,000 gallons of water are drawn up into the air in the form of vapour. Oyster Sauce. — Open three dozen oysters carefully and save their liquor ; strain it into a clean saucepan (alined one is best) ; put in the oysters, and let them just come to the boiling point, when they should look plump. Take them off' the fire immediately, ard put the whole into a basin . Strain the liquor from them, mix it with sufficient melted butter made with milk to make half a pint altogether. When this is ready and very smooth, put in the oysters, which should be previously bearded, if you wish the sauce to be really very nice. Set it by the side of the fire to get thoroughly hot, but do not allow it to boil, or the oysters will immediately harden. Using cream instead of milk makes this sauce extremely delicious. 'Why is an overworked horse like an um brella? — Because it is used up. ' Don't worry yourself about my going away, my darling. Absence, you know, makes the. heart grow fonder.' — ' Of somebody else,' added the darling. A clergyman recently aroused his sleepy audience by asserting in the most positive man ner that, ' notwithstanding the hard times, the wages of sin had not been cut down one iota.' Match factories are tho best places to look for amateur - pugilist b. Tho work-people are con stantly engaged in boxing matches. The nerve which never relaxes, the eye which never blanches, the thought which never wan ders ; those are the masters of victory. When young ladies blush and weep may they be properly charged with being disturbers of the public peace, on the ground that they raise a hue and cry. Nobody is more like an honest man than a thorough rogue. A teetotaler can never prove a friend at a pinch, because he has a horror of a ' nip.' ' I had nine children to support, and it kept me busy,' said Smith to Jones, as they met ; I but one of the girls got married. Now I have ] — ' ' Eight,' interrupted Jones. ' No, ten,' said Smith, with a sigh. A minister was tolling a young girl, who was about to become a bride, that she must remem ber that man and wife are one. ' Well,' said she, ' if you were under my father and mother's window when they are quarrelling, you'd think they were at least a dozen. ' Sometimes when you attend the theatre you observe in the gorgeous drop-curtain a small slit at one end, where active shadows pass to and fro. Suddenly a dark round object appears at the slit. This is the eye of the star, who is looking to see what kind of a house he has got, and who, in another moment, will bound upon the stage with the exclamation, ' Her blood be on his head !' At a spiritualist seance in Paris, recently, the ghost of a long-since-dead atheist put in an ap pearance and was interrogated. At last inquired one: ' How about the other world ?' 'There is no other world,' replied the spirit. Most men like to see themselves in print. Ladies like to see themselves in Bilks andvelvets. Sentimental young men insist that it is im possible to talk love to tho suburban belle be neath the treeB and in the moonlight, owing to the interposition of the mosquitors, that even get between clasped hands and beating hearts. In any business never wade into water where you cannot Bee the bottom. A young woman being asked by a politician which party she was in favour of, replied, that she preferred a wedding party. Season abbe. — Nimrod : ' What ! out again, Vicar? Fresh nag, too. I thought parsons did not hunt just now.' — The Vicar: 'Ah! but this is a Lent horse.' Pattinc! the Piper.— Settling the plumber's bill. There are two ways of going through this world — one is to make the best of it, and the other to make the worst of it. Those wlio take tho latter course work hard for poor pay. As a canal boat was passing under a bridge, the captain gavo tho usual warning, 'Look out !' when a little Frenchman, popping his head out of a window, recoived a severe bump. He drew it back in a great pet, and exclaimed, ' Dese Americans are queer people. Dey say, ' Look out,' when they mean ' Look in.' ' A lady a Bhort time back presented a tele gram at a post-office. The messago was enclosed in an envelope. On receiving it the official at once proceeded to open it. ' What are you about?' exclaimed tho ladv. The clerk Re claimed that he could not send a message with out first seeing it. ' Then,' exclaimed tho lady angrily, 1 ' don't suppose I'm going to let you read my private affairs ! I won't send it at all and forthwith she hurried out of tho office in disgust. Owing to ' the failure of the Government to make provision for the survey department eight of the staff have resigned, and.it is ex pected that 150 surveyors will follow this week The Government owes them £16,000. for work already done. . The Government Astronomer, Mr! H. C. Russel, ha3 directed attention through the Herald, to the approaching ' opposition' of the planet Mars. This star which nqw appears with great brilliancy, may bo seen in ' the evening in the eastern sky. One of its nearest oppositions /will take place on tho 6th of 'Sep- tember next, on which occasion it will then appear ;sixty times larger than 'when at- his greatest distance from tho oirth— the nearost approach being 34,000,000 miles, and 1 : the groatest recessiciii 220|000,000 miles. 