ItoMisi. Si lb ciln liter gentr ; on, TWENTY-FIVE YEARS OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE. BY DONALD CAMERON Author of " Scripopolis." &c.;, <0c. TIioiiGish.ulun\s giillior, .smisli hie fades, .-Will life appears a vale of sorrow ; I'aint is the heart that ilotl upbraids — The suit will shine aijuin to-morrow I EPOCH 11.— IHiiO.— DEATH. I'AItT II. ScKNK IV. A dull, tiark, lain' Jay was closiug upon the mining camp. calioJ Sludgetown, ono of those spots which had been neglected in the earlier mining times, save by a low fossickers, but whicli, as tho rielior goldliclds bccamo worked out, was sought by tho miners. Within tho pnst two years Ibis field had bocomo known owing to several rich lines of roof having been discovered on the hills which frowned over Shidgu Gully, where, heretofore, tho principal interest bad centred, owing to thu licit and shallow alluvial deposit-. In this regard Sittdgctown was hut n reflex of nearly a. I the g.ddfields in Australia. First of all, the inns!, easily put at gold was taken out, that which abounded in alluvial ground ; but us-:hut c.dtld not last long, atiention was now being bestowed upon thu matrix — whence flowed the modern l'actolus- found in each camp, and the quartz veins, despised in earlier times, began to bo woiked with moderate success. At lirst, it is true, the appliances were very primitivo ; tho quartz was picked out of tho lodes which cropped up oil tho surface, and crushed in " dollies,' or Chilian mills. Soon, however, as capital was sunk in these undertakings! crushing mills wuro erectod, and tho sound of tho stampers was hoard over tho land. Scientific men gave little encouragement to tho pursuit of tho lodoa below a hundred feet, as such men as Sir Roderick Mtirchison, Lyell, and Professor M'Coy held that tho gold would dio out at that depth. But the practical minor disregarded the learned men, and the result is that quartz shafts are now down closo upon 12000 feot in Stawoll, and that rich gold has been found at a depth of 1(100 feot ! Tbonowsourcoofobtaininggold entirely altorcd gold mining. Tito "digger," pure and simplo, began to disappear, and was being replaced by tho "miner;" tho times were passing away when ono or two men could work a claim. Miniug beeamo a oo-operativo affair, nud largo companies wore formed to work quartz lodes, Tho independent digger is soon to ho no more, and soon tho miner will altogether supply bis place ; tho difference being that one worked for himself alone, tho other works for a master, liko any othor artisan. Sludgotown was not a placo where anyouo would caro particularly to live. The " town" was situatod on tho hanks of tho gully, which, being denuded, presented ono surface of red, miry clay— clay of such putty-like consistency that, ouco it had encircled a person's foot, it required, as tho " natives" said, a bullock team to extricate tho pedal extremity. This elay pervaded Sludgotown, and by it the locality was known in tho dis trict. A casual visitor would not get rid of it for months after ho had boon in the town. As for tho dwellers in tho town, it would bo folly to suppose they oould over got rid of it ; for tho clay worked into their clothes and their skins, until nothing short of a dolugo oould have washed it out. On the whole, however, thoy woro rather proud of their clay, nnd boasted that it kept thorn healthy, and prevented any prido of dress, for to put on oxpeueivo garments at Sludgotown would bo looked upon ns tho work of a lunatic, and bo rewarded accordingly. In the summer time this clay became dry, cud would sweep down upon tho town und scurry over tho roads in fiery clouds, sullioiont to suffocate anyouo except a Sludgetouian, hut tho townspeople seemed to revel in tho simoon. From tho gully rose precipitous hills, tho prido of which was .Mount Sludge, whicli towered above tho littlo town, aud, lieu Mount Sinai in tho Pilgrim's Progress, seemed as if it would topplo down upon thu " city" at any moment. Those hills woro covered with huge stringy-bark . and iron-bark trees, the undergrowth being bush of all kinds and stunted plants, whicli socincd always on the point of giving up t ho ghost, and yot manuged to exist'lunger than their mora succulent friends on tho ricli lowlands. Wbenco those plants drew their nourishment was a moot point, for tho hills woro com posed of flinty sandstono and quartz pobhlcs. let, at this season of tho yoar, tho end of winter, the Bcarlet nnd whito flowers of tho heath— dehcato scarlet, waxy whito— gave to the lone hillsides a beauty that put in tho shade the moadows. Blue and purple orchids, too, pooped out of tho ground horo and tbero, adding to tho glow of colour, and con trasting with tho dull, groyish-groon of tho foliage and lierbago. The great Sludgo Hoof, on which tho !"oii. rr riz miuppiiy f;ihn district ba! ' 1 1 ' ' claim, wiiieii leid yielded thousands "f uunees of gi'M, rii ii Jtb'i.jr the almost perpen- iieiii'ir face i f Mount Sludge, nnd on the south nnd nortli lino it made, claim after claim lool been taken up; und poppet-heads, and eiicii es, ami .stumper houses were to lie seen, while pn ITs of whito smoke rose, denoting that work was going on, and tho dang— clung i f the "signals," giving in- sti notions to the engine-drivers lo-w to haul, were to be ln-aiii. Bucki ts, containing wafer, ipiintz, or nmlloek, ro;e up tic |io|e,e'-l,i ads, were discharged, and sent on. vn again on their mission. Otherwise, there was not a siKn of life. Tlio principal work was going on down below, where hun dreds of nn-n were wielding the hammers and the drills, or trucking tho stono away. This absence of nbeveground life gives to quartz mines n weird and ghostly effect. Sludgotown rumbled along tho banks of the creek, straggled up tho hillsides, and travelled along I he red, miry roads. Adven- 'irons miners had built wooden eyrios for themselves on tho platoaus of the hills, and ns the deep gloom of tho rainy night fell, and Iho mist came down upon tho mountains liko dew, ti e lightH in those huts twinkled on every hillside liko stars. The good-wives, or the miners who filled tho placo, woro prepar ing l lie evening monl early, for already the whistles were sounding, announcing thnt the time of the afternoon " shift" was over, and that, tho evening shift men (tho Sludge Company only hud an ovouing shift) were wanted. Tho meal was onrly this evening. The Sehrnper Opera Company woro to por- form that night nt the Mechanics' Hall, and as it was some timo since thoro had been any nniusoment on tho " diggings," ovoryono wisliod to bo I bore. Horr, Schrapor and his company had rrivod that night, hnving sont on, howovor, fat, spectacled German, who had dono tho hill-posting, nnd linishod tho evening by getting drunk nt tho Sludgo Hotel, for ho dared not indulge in liquor when tho oyos of Sehrnper wero upon him. Tho groat musician was not in tho host mood that night, for ho fenrod that tho ruin would koup tho people awny.' However, hud ho glanced outside, ho would huvo soou numerous lights gliding down tho hill, which would havo reassured him. Thoso wero bottlo-lantorns, homo hy diggers, who woro coming into town to bo at tho concert. Tho company oeotipied tho host room in tho hotel, and, having finishod tea, woro gossiping or studying tho songs thoy woro to sing that night. Oloso to tho window sat Flora nud her hoy looking out into tho darkness. Thoro is no euro for sorrow bettor thnu work. Flora found that tho doop melanoholy which had threatened to almost cud her life woro away when alio went,to work as a mem ber of Huhrnper's Oompauy. The bustle, tho excitement, and tho ploasurablo foolings en gendered hy study und rohonrsal, and tho great liopo which rose in hor breast that she would ouo day become a colobratod artiste had, to a groat extent, obliterated hor grief nud despair. It was only at times— nnd the present was ono of thoso occasions — that tho whole oxtont of tho awful calamity which had ovorslindowod hor lifo returned to hor, and then, indeed, hor sufferings wero groat. Nepenthe was also afforded by tho study of tho characters of l.or companions, and the humours thoy displayed. Horr Schrapor himsolf was sufficient to amuse tho most morose. In appearance ho was most romnrkahlo. His face rosombled a nutcracker, the nosu being something enor mous, and hiH person was long and thin as'a talli. In f-tct, he had often been likened ton tomahawk stuck on a telegraph- pole. Horr Seluaper iiad throe great pussions — ouo for the violin, another fur his wifo, nud a third f"i i.'uld. Between thoso throo his lifo wob a continual worry. Tho son of German paivnis, ho bad taken lo tho violin early, and hud, after a whilo, burning with fame, whon a raw-boned lad, gono off to Borliu, where he inanngt d to start in lifo by picking up a few kreiilzeis for playing in the streots. Evenuinlly ho got with tho band of a travel ling troupe, nnd, many years afterwards made thu acquaintance of a young fruuloin who sang in tho oliorus at a Borliu Theatre Ho was l ather old, slio a mere child ; but ho had saved money, aud was recognised as an artist on tho king of instruments ; therefore inai ringo was tho result. This strangely- assorted pair afterwards migrated to Aus tralia, where they led a most eventful lifo flerr Schrapor playing tho violin, and his wife siugiug. Thoy travelled everv nook and corner of the oontinont, roughingit everywhere, and obtaining a goldon reward from the miners, with whom Gertrude Sohrnper's singing beoamo a proverb. At last thoy returned to Syduoy aud formed the company winch was now assemblod at Siudgetown. This was a more ambitious affair, for scones or acts of oporas wero to bo performed By this timo Horr Schrapor had become aB bald as n ecalpod Indian, and as repulsive in appearance as ono of those wooden figures to bo soon on the corbols of old ohurohes in England, or on Chiuoso carvings, whilo hiB wifo hnd developed into a plump, well formed woman, with a groat mass of goldon hair, nud a voico rich, poworfui, nnd oapable of attacking the most diffiouit musio. Sho was very spirited, and as hard to control as a young colt. The business of Herr Soliraper's lifo was to control her, nnd to soo that sho did not oomo to harm with eomo of the young follows who wero always hanging about her whorovor sho wont. Poor old man ; ho was always in torture. He would liavo hnd an opora company long ago had ho boon ablo to stnnd tho speotncloof sooing his wifo embraced on tho stage hy a handsome young touor. And now his condition was indeed dosperato, for the tenor ho had ohoson was a youug fellow of twenty summers, as handsome as Apollo, and as fond of tho fomalo sex as young men of that ago usually are. True, Gortrudo wns older than Mr. Wilford, but thnt did not matter. Tho only hopo Llerr Sehrnper had was that the youth nnd superior beauty of Flora would act as a oil. But, uufortuuatoly, Flora was cold as ico to Iho tonor and tho baritone, Frank ltisden, and they had to court tho prima donna or tho two minor lady singurs, who wero not much to look at. It was well for Flora that sha was so cold, for Gertrudo had n temper, and sho brooked no rivalry in lovo or song. Sitting thoro, looking out into tho fast gathering darkness, Flora foil into a deep reverie. Sho thought of hor mother and aunt away in their poor cottngo on the othor side of tlio mountain; of her husband, lovod so dearly still, now far away; of the two graves in the Armidnle cemetorv, whore lay hor father and faithful Black Jim. Then her mind went hack to tho dnys gono by, and sho marvelled for a niomont whether Bhe was awako or iu a dream. A few years ago she had languished nt Silvorwater Bond, pining ul the humdrum lifo sho led, desiring adven ture aud rumanco ; and, now, sho had had romance and adventure more than sufficient. Sho thought of tho approaching coucert, and remembered how, years ago, sho had sat in Silvorwater Hull, listouiug to tho grout Catherine Ilayes, aud wishing that sho woro in hor placo. Ah I how different was tho reality from tho imagination. Thon sho thought how oasy it was to sing, how idle tho lifo of a singer was ; now she know that it was a lifo of labour, of disappointment, of many crosses. The gifted singor to whom sho and many thousands had 'listoned, was lying in hor nogloctod gravo, after a lifo of whirl, fevor, triumph, aud exoitomont, and she was about to start, out upon a similar career. How would that earner end '! " Come. ladies and slientlomans," cried ITorr Sdiraper, entering (lie loom, rubbing his bands. " Do timo is goin ; got ready for do performance. Lots of peoples are coinin' in, and wo'll havo ono big liouso — ha ! liu I" Schsb V. A misty rain oozed, as it were, out of the sky, upon Sludgotown, am! profound darkness reigned in tho forestsf.thut hemmed in the tmvu, broken only hy the twinklo of tin- miners' lights. Still, cheerless although the evening was, tlio population of tho district appeared dotorminedj to brave tho elements and to attend Horr Schraper's concert. Hidden away as thoy were in this desolate region thoy wero glad of any break in their monotonous oxistor.co. Prior to entering tho Mechanics' thoy took enro to dispol tho iniluoncos of tlio mist by resort to the many well-doctored stimulants dispensed hy thu vory Inrgo number of publicans on tho hold. "It's many .'years Bince I last saw tlio Frauloin Schraper," said ono of thoso, a tall, imposing-looking old man, as ho tossod off a glass of brandy uont. " Lot's soo, where was it — yoB, up at Ballarat, whon I took n flying visit to Victoria." " Thorn was the grand days, Harry," replied his companion, a sturdy, middlo-aged diggor, whoso trousers wero almost scarlet with tbo red clay, " I remember Ballarat thon — wasn't it a placo ! Why, thoro wero nino ot ton theatres aud oirousos thoro, nil going, and G. V. Brooko, Kato Hayos, Anna Bishop, Mrs. Hoir and all thorn groat pooplo plnyin' Ah I wo'll never seo them days again. Thoy'ro gono with tho gold. Every thing goes with tho gold." " YJ'oll, I'm hanged if I haven't seen that young man somowhoro," said Hnrry — in whom tho roador has no doubt recognised our old friond Mad Harry. "Who is ho?" " That chap," said his companion, pointing to a tall, handsome, woll-boardod young man, with a somewhat reckless, dissipated, out-at-olbows appearance, who just then caino into tho bar, " why that's tho now editor oi tho Siudgetown Independent ; only boon horo a fow weeks." Mad Harry looked at tho man narrowly, hut Bomchow ho failed to romombor whoro ho had seon him, though tho foaturos woro familiar. Suddenly tho young man's oyos met Mad Harry's, and his faco flushod, and tho hand which hold his glaBS trembled. " Ho knows mo, too," said Harry, shouting aloud. Ho walkod up to tho young man, and said, " Havon't I seon you before, sir." " Not that I am awaro of," was tho. reply. " But you seom to recognise me." "No; but I was somewhat upsot at tho way you stared mo out of countenance." " I hog your pardon, sir," suid Mad Harry, dropping tho diggor stylo, and at onco assum ing that high gentlemanly hearing which fitted him so woll, no matter how ho was dressed, and he walkod back to his companion. Tho young editor left tho bar vory shortly afterwards. Mad Harry musod for sorno timo, and thon, as it was eight o'olook, hurried to tho hall with his comrade. It may bo as woll for tho reader to under stand that Mad Harry, who, Binco tho out break of gold, hnd devoted himself to mining, hnd visited nearly all tho goldfiolds in tlio colony, and his latest " spec " was a quartz olnim on the Sludgo Reef, out of which him self and his mato wore gotting vory fair stone. Indood, there was somo ohanco that their fortunes would bo made. Harry, old as he was, oould work with nuy man on tho diggings, and nppenred to havo thoroughly recovered his reason. I'rospority seemed to havo an extraordinary effect upon him for tho better, and tho reason wns that fortuno would give him tho revenge which was tho power that sustained his lifo. Tho hall was crowded to overflowing with n somewhat damp and clayey audienco, from whom soon a subtle stoam began to rise, porfumod with a very oarthy odour. But no ono soomod to notice this ; all woro bent on onjoymont. Harry wedgod himself in botweon two diggers, and did not notice until tho concert had begun that his young friond of tho bar room sat a fow seats from him. In front of him sat a tall, strong young man attired in diggers' oostumo, his folt hat woll down. Horr Schrapor and his "orchestra " (three) opened tho concert with an overture of his own composition, in whioh tho loading themo was given to the violin, from whioh instru ment tho Herr drew tho most extraordinary sounds. Herr Schrapor was a violin player. Hia head and body soomod to bocomo part of his instrumont when he drew tho bow. It was a sort of Laocoon business. When a violent passage camo, tho Herr's hoad nodded away liko a pendulum, his body hoavod, and his legs woro everywhere. Whon ho laid down his violin for a fow moments, and " conduotod," his gyrations wore terrible to behold. It was gonorally holioved that Horr Sohraper woro out a " baton " ovory night. Frauloin Sohraper, attired in a charming blue silk, elegantly lacod, then was led on, and sang, in her charming German-English- Sootch patois, " Auld Robin Gray," and sang it so woll that sho had to give two onooros. Miss Adelaide Ardon was next on tho list, hor song being " Una Voce," tho colobratod aria from " II Barbiere." Tho audionco wore stamping for another onooro from the prima donna, whon a vory beautiful but timid-look ing lady, whoso cheeks woro red with oxcito- nrent, soomod to glido out of tho narrow wings on to tho stage. Tho stamping ceased, and the audienco began to " tako in " tho young singor, somewhat carelessly, wonder ing whothor Bho was a stick or a good vooalist. But Adelaide Ardon — Flora Leigh ap- poarod to powerfully impress throo men in that building. Mad Harry gasped, and sat back as if ho hod soon a ghost. Tlio editor uttered an exclamation, and gazed at the singor with inquiring oyos, as if to persuade himself that ho was not under an illusion. Suddonly ho drew baok, and tried to hido his face by holding it down. " My God 1" Mad Harry started. Who had uttered that? This was a night of strange illusions. Surely ho kuow that voice ; surely it was that of Horaco Leigh. With a fierce glanco he looked around, but failed to seo a faco resembling that of tho forger. Mad Harry's hands clenohod, nnd ho rosolvod to stand "at the door and watch oaoh porson on coming out, and to pouuoo upon tho wrotoh if ho was there- Flora had never faced an audience, and now when sho found herself tho foous of six or seven hundred oyos, her faculties seemed to become paralysed, just as was tho case when she was on her trial before Mr. Lyster. Tho symphony was played over twioo, yot sho did not begin. Horr Sohraper began it a third time with an impatient gosture. " Vy don't you sing ?" he muttered. " Vat for you frightened of dom fools ?" Flora reflected that tho bread of herself and hor child depended upon this effort, and the thought of the little darling, who was standing at tho wings in ehargo of poor Mrs. Soaforth, gave her what is the great requisite in facing tho puhlio, for- gotfulness of their presonco. 'At the proper momont sho started Rossini's beautiful melody, and soon her voico was filling tho hall, and tho audience was silent. She threaded her way through all tho intricacies of tho piece, and interpreted every phrase with emphasis and feeling, nevor missing a note or singing in the slightest degree out of tune. As Herr Sohraper listoned, liis anger fled, rapture was in his face— for lie was a devoted of his art — and his third passion, avarice, was thoroughly gratified. He had a treasure. Ho counted up what ho would gain by her, as he ran up Iho chromatic scale, and how much Mr. Lysler lost as lie run down tbo scaln. Vos ; lie could beat all other opera troupes. What if Lyster had Lucy Esoott, Rosalie Durund, Sara Flower, Fanny Simonson (immortal Fanny .Simonson,) "had ho not Gertrude Schrapor ami Adelaide Ardeu. Whon tho song was ended and Flora retired, the whole building shook with cheer ing. Diggers roso and waved their hats frantically. Fraulcin Schrapor fumed for a moment, und then, reflecting there was liionoy in it, sho swallowed wruth for her Iho timo. Just at that momnt thoro was a great bustle at tho door, and in strodejfour mounted policeman armed to tho teoth. They went close to the oruhestra and stood there during tho renifiindor of tho performance. " What are these fellows doing at Sludgo town ?" asked Harry's mato. "Why, don't you know?" said Harry. " They liavo'como from Bathurst to guard tho gold escort, whicli iB so heavy this woek. It is known that Black Satan and his gang are knocking about, ami great caro will have to ho taken that thoy. don't got that gold.'" " When does tho escort start ?" askod tho othor. " The day after to-morrow, in tho morn ing. Tlio worst spo; thoy havo to go through is tho pass close to Dismal Glen." " Yes, that's where tlio four diggors who lmd tlio rich claim on Bink's Flat woro shot dead by tho bushrangers." " And whero tlio mail coach wns robbed, tho gnard killod, and tho passongors tied up to tlio troos naked, although snow was falling. In my opinion wo ought to do horo what they did in tho early days in California, form vigilance oommittoea, scour tho country, and exterminate thoso wretches. I would make ono of tho voluntoors." " Harry, you're a wondorful fellow for your ngo. You'vo tho spirit of a youug follow of twenty." " It is not my spirit," ropliol Mad Harry, with somo return of his old appoaranco; " it is tho socond lifo implanted in moj,for tho purposes of Providence." " Well, hadn't wo hotter got a drink," said his comrndo ; " I'm gotting hungry." " I thonght I hoard somoono spoak hero to-night, replied Harry, " whom I would liko vory much to see. I don't want to Iobo him if he is horo." " Why, you're up to your old tricks," said his mato, ironically. " If thoro's any friend of yours horo they won't leave till tho concert is over, yon bet. Como on." Harry was provailod upon, and walked away. When ho returnod the concert was going on ; all had got back to thoir scats, all but one. Harry started. Tho soat in front of him, whioh had boon oocupind by tho young man who kopt his hat over his faco, was empty. " By heaven I" cried Harry, " if it isn't too much oven for me. I'd swoar he was there. But what nonsenso ; bo's in 'Frisco by this timo, working hard towards tho accomplishment of tho ond. I must wait nnd seo Flora after tho concert is over. Poor girl, she's taken, I supposo, to tho only means loft hor by which to earn bread. Oh, tho wrotoh that cnusod this I" It was a highly successful ooncort. Tho linnlo was tho groat quartette in " Lucia di Lammermoor," and tho applause was terrifio at its conclusion. Tho curtain had to bo raisod, and all tho porformers camo forward, Gertrudo and Flora in the midst. It was thou that Flora for tho first time looked thoroughly at tho audionco. As hor glanco wandered round, just when the curtain was descending, she uttered a ory and became insonsiblo in Gertrude's arms. She had seen three faoos, and theso three faces wero connected with her fate. (To be continued.) 