MELBOURNE. ["From our own Correspondent.] October 22,1877. The Government are busily engaged in ap pointing officers to carry out their Land Tax Bill, the passing of which I advised you of in my last epistle. What a chance for some of the needy and seedy hangers on to the People's Ministry, aud what an amount of scrambling and fighting for the various positions there will be. For instance, there are to be fifteen valuators appointed. Siow I know for a fact that every member of each House has his own particular friend whom he is bound to put in, so that for fifteen vacancies there are something like ninety suitors, each backed up by Borne amount of political influence. I really do not envy the Minister of Lands his task. Please whom . he will, more must be offended. Tbe appointment of tbe chief officers under the Act—viz., the Commissioners—was a source of uneasiness to many. It was feared the Government would fill tip these positions from their political friends without any consideration as to the fitness of those so appointed.: I am very glad to say, how ever, that in this matter the Government have exercised a wise discretion (for them), and with their selection no fault can he found. Tbe gen tlemen appointed are—Mr. Le Peer Trench, the present Attorney-General; Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, the well-known barristers and Mr. Fisken, a squatter. Indeed when we find that the most rabid opponent of the Government, the Daily Telegrajyh, speaking as follows, we may safely say the appointments are unobjectionable :—"If all the deeds of the Government were on a par with its appointment of Commissioners under the Land Tax Act, there would be little fault to find with it. Gf the three gentlemen selected, two are well-known public men in their respective spheres of action, and concerning the third, he has the recommendation of being nearly, if not altogether unknown, a negative qualification, of no little advantage in a country where there are so many men concerning whom so much is known that they would have preferred to remain in ob livion. There will no doubt be many inquiries respecting Mr. Fisken, as to who lie is, and why he has been selected for the position, but as he is unknown to public fame as a political fire brand, and there is no. reason to suppose that he has not been chosen on his merits, and outside of all personal or political feeling, the public will accept him for better or for wo'se—especially better. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen may prove a sore point with the ultra-democratic section of Mr. Berry's supporters, who will na urally feel ag grieved that a full-bred aristocrat should have been preferred before some one of the patriotic democracy of "Victoria, who have been devoting their lives to the service of the o -untry. What ever weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth there may be in this respect, the general public will recbgnise in Sir Bryan's appointment a com mendable (ie«i e - n 'Jfefei m:nation o 1 thep irt of the Government to mike the new tribunal one in which tbe country may have confidence. As regards Mr. Trench, he possesses the double I recommendation of being qualified for the posi tion and of costing nothing, ae be is to receive no additional salary for his new duties. Here agaiu, however, the Government is. likely to get into troubled waters, for with a commissionership worth £1,500 a year at its disposal, why should it forget all its faithful friends ? i ' This is the most unkindest cut of all| but if the appointment evinces ingratitude, it! involves: economy." . j The second political topic on which I must; touch is the unseating of Mr. Gillies (who was a member of the obnoxious McOulloch Govern ment). The Election Committee have had the case in hand for such a length of time that out siders began to look at it as interminable. The charges against him were those of having used his position-in -the late Ministry to favour his. re- election, and bribery. The evidence certainly showed that leases, &c.;, for selection in Mr. Gillies's district of Rodney, were pushed forward | before the election to a greater extent than rea-1 sonable 9 but Mr. Gillies pleads ignorance of .that, j patting the blame, if any, on the shoulders of bis ' subordinates. However, to make a long Btoiy short, the Committe found that Mr. Gillies had been guilty of corruption through his agents, though withouthis knowledge, perhaps, and there fore unseated him. A writ has been issued for a new election, and the contest between Mr. Gillies and Mr. Shackell (the petitioner against Mr. Gillies' former return) bids fair to be exciting. Both parties seem confident of returning their man, but of course one wid have to be disappointed. There is some talk of defraying Mr. Gillies' ex penses, but the Age ridicules the idea, and in rather a warm article on the subject rakes up an incident in Mr. Gidies' Parliamentary career, which should (says the Age) show people what kind of a man they would like.to make a martyr of. Details would not interest yon, so I omit. But to state the matter "briefly—the Age accuses Mr. Gillies when in a former Ministry of having kept back certain papers asked for by the House, and states that a Committee having been ap pointed to investigate the matter, passed a reso lution to the effect that the Minister had wilfully suppressed these papers, knowing of course they would tell against himself This is prostitution ef power, and of this the Age accuses hioi in the matter of the recent election. JSrgo, what Mr. Gillies did in 1868, he repeated: in 1857, and would repeat again if he had the opportunity. " These be thy gods, O, ye people! " For tbis view of the matter please hold the Age responsible, although I must admit the Age has certainly proved a very strong case. Having given you an outline of the Age's opinion, you might like to have a little on the other side, and so I lay oar old friend the Telegraph under con tribution (need I say the Telegraph is in favour of Mr. Gillies principally because he is an Op positionist) and extract the following:—" The decision of the Elections and. Qualifications Com mittee in the case of Mr. Gillies was denounced last night by Mr. Service as' an outrage on the Constitution, and an outrage on common sense ;' and we apprehended that the public will very generally agree with the hon. member for Maldon. His opinion of the mysterious finding of the Committee is entitled to the greatest respect, inasmuch as he, as a member of the Committee, had heard all the evidence, and summed it np with that impartiality which ap pertains to a gentleman whose position in politics leaves him perfectly free to exercise an independent and unbiassed judgment. So far as the public is concerned, it will not be -ecesarj that they should be as familiar with the evidence as Mr. Service is in order that they may agree with him concerning the outrageous nature of the Committee's verdict. There is no occasion to read one word of the evidence in order to dis cover the twofold outrage which has been per petrated, the Committee having convicted itself by its own report. If a line, of the evidence never had been published, the written verdict of the Committee would have. been suffi cient to convince any unprejudiced minds that it waB contrary, alike to justice and common sense, and in casting about for a solution of the mystery connected with it, the conclusion.. most likely to be arrived at is that Mr. Gillies has been made the victim of a party conspiracy. While everyone will agree with Mr. Service that a gross outrage has been committed, we imagine that there will be few to endorse his opinion that the" Assembly should have accepted the report of the Committee, and allowed it to pass without comment or protest. The British-mind will rather incline to the views of the hon. member for Sandhurst, Mr. Mackay, who contended that the House was bound to take notice of such an extraordinary decision, instead of silently submitting to it through a ' super stitions reverence' for the Committee. It is indeed hard to discover any reason for regarding the Committee with any other feeling than that of supreme contempt, and if, as the hon. member for. Maldon states, it has 'outraged the Consti tution,' surely the Assembly is called upon to enter a protest * against such a proceeding. Had the House not been ' under the heel of authority,' it would undoubtedly have accepted Mr. Kerferd's proposal, and sent the report back to the Committee, but it was not to be supposed that the Government would allow its subjects to take any step likely to interfere with the removal from the House of such a formidable opponent as Mr. Gillies." The. only other item calling for attention in. the proceedings of our Assembly is the discus sion on the Education Act. Sir John O'Shanassy came forward as the champiou of the Bomanists, and, as usual with that body, denounced our system as most unjust and unfair, inasmuch as Government collected, revenue from that body for educational purposes, while they conld not conscientiously avail .themselves of the advan tages offered. He endeavoured to prove that the Catholics were under a doable charge—support ing the State School (which were of no use to tliem) and educating their own children as it ! suited them. Sir John proposed a system of | payment by results, tbe State not interfering with j religious education. I need not say he has no ! chance (nor even the ghost of one) of making, any alteration in the system, which on the whole satisfies every one except a few of our Catholic j colonists, while a remarkable fact cannot be dis puted is that four-fifths of the Catholic children in the colony are actually attending State Schools. Bearing this in mind, it is easy to be lieve that the opposition comes only from the priestly craft and a few bigoted sheep of their flocks, and the reason of their opposition may easily be surmised without a vast effort being put | forth. Power, or the fear of losing it, is the un doubtable root of all their efforts. However, their efforts in the case are perfectly harmless, and I fear our State Schools will go on prosper ing, and still be found the adopted means of | educating children of the Catholic persuasion, in | spite of all tbe right. reverend fathers in Vic toria. In the Council nothing has yet been done with the Railway Bill, but it will be taken in hand to-morrow. The general opinion is that the Council will stick to their amendments and again ' send the Bill back. Mr. Berry seems equally firm in his determination of not giving way, and if so a crash must come. If Mr. Berry is wise | and prudeut (which is doubtful) he will at once introduce fresh Bills, one authorizing the lines to which both Houses have agreed, and the other thoBe in dispute. The latter might then be fairly settled by a conference of both Houses. Fair j progress has been made with the Estimates, and 1 in all probability the session will terminate inI about a month. I have occupied so much of | your space with political matters that other items must be dismissed briefly. ! You will remember the great jewel robbery ! mentioned in one of my notes some months back. Folks had almost forgotten all about it, when the detectives pounced upon a man named Rowley, a watchmaker, in Elizabeth-street, whom they had been watching for a long time, and found some of the missing articles in his possession. On 1 being thus caught Rowley seems to have looked out immediately for the main chance, and Baid he was going to the Inspector to give information. Likely! The brilliant idea of tnrning Queen's evidence occurred to him, and so he begins to : work upon the detectives, who almost promise to secure a pardon if he does so. Rowley then gave evidence which led first so the arrest of three men who actually perpetrated the robbety, and secondly to the recovery of about £1,000 worth of the properly, which had been built in a wall in his own shop. The trial came off during the past week, and it came out that Rowley had been .the receiver only. The burglars got ten years, . Rowley his discharge. Most folks were disgusted at this result, being of opinion that had there been no receiver ready there would very likely have been no robbery. And .now in conclusion a few words on some thing more agreeable. Our contributions to the Indian famine Fund have already reached £10,000, which has to be yet supplemented by a good many up-country subscriptions. It was feared that this would interfere very materially with the success of Hospital Sunday (thq 21st inst.), but I am glad to say such was not the case. The collections on Sunday were actually in advance of last year's by some £500—the ; total amount advised as yet being in round figures £5,000. A grand assemblage met on Sunday afternoon at the Town Hall. The Bishop preached an eloquent sermon, and a col lection of £110 was taken up. In the evening Mr. Varley preached in the same room, and the collection realized £80. In individual churches the Scots' Church, Collins- street, heads the list with £160, closely followed by Episcopalians at St. Hilda and Catholics at St. Erancis's. Col lectively, Episcopalians are as usual at the top of the list, contributing £900, followed at a respect ful distance by Catholics, Wesleyans, Presby terians, Ac. It is very gratifying to be able to announce such a genuine success as this, proving as it does that the colony has a heart yet. One reform is needed, however. The public subscribe liberally, but have no control over the expendi ture of their free gifts, and it is well known that the charities are imposed upon to a large extent by people well able to pay. I know a case myself which 1b to the point. A family—(I will name it Brown)—having a child ill, managed to get it first into the Melbourne, and afterwards tbe Alfred Hospital. In tbe first case -1 know a declaration has to be signed to the effect that they are unable to afford medical attendance, and I believe a similar form is gone through at the latter. Some few months after these very people cleared out of the colony with close on £1,000 cash in their pockets. To show the utter carelessness of the Hospital authorities, it is'Only necessary to add the fact that these people were in business within two minutes' walk from the Hospital gates, so that if the slightest enquiry had been made the deception must have been found out. Such things should not be, and it would be well for the authorities of our charities to pay a little more attention to the point than they have been in the habit of doing. It is good to see ourselves sometimes as others see us,, and so I hold up the mirror to Mr. Rowland Rees. Here is what the Adelaide cor respondent of the Age says:—The question of payment of members was brought forward in out House of Assembly a short time ago, and nega tived. Mr. Rowland Rees, member for the Burra, announced himself as an opponent, although previously a supporter; and the reason, he stated, for biB change of opinion is the work ing of the principle in your colony. I do not think his opposition to this question will be very injurious. He is very conceited, and his great ambition is to be a member of the next Ministry, a position there is not much likelihood of his at taining to, as he is well-known as a political weathercock, and his utterances in the House and out. of it carry little weight. It is very amusing to hear our censors of Parliaments in other colonies, and then notice their conduct and demeanor in their own House." 