? Silkrirmfcr § a t £ r ; OK, TWENTY-FIVE YEARS OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE. BY DONALD CAMERON Author of " Scripopolis." <£c., die. Though shadowt gather, sunshine fades, .- lid life upbears a vale of sorrow: Faint Is the heart that God upbraids— The sua will thine again to-morrow 1 EPOCH III.—EETEIBUTION. PAST III. SCENE II. Oca readers will, no doubt, have guessed at the chaDges which have taken place in the history of our characters since the awful tragedy at Dismal G.eu, but it may be as well to briefly review the incidents of that eventful period. Both Flora and Mrs. Sinclair were ill for weeks afieiwards; indeed, their lives were despaired of j but "the affeotiouate care of Percy, who had the best medical advice the district eould afford, brought them round ; and at last they were able to again sit rouud the fireside, greatly cuanged indeed. Mrs. Sinclair had aged beyond belief. The anxieties, troubles, and excitement of the few months succeeding her husband's death had proved too much for her, aud she bloke down. Fortunate, indeed, was it for her that her eon had camped out on the hill that nibht; elBe she would have died, aud with her, perhaps, Ailee and Flora. And fortunate, indeed, was it for Percy himself. A new and pleasing oare devolved upon him; he had an objeot lor whiou to live, and, iu takiug the headship of the family, he became auother man. Harry sold out his share iu the claim at Sladgetown, and Peroy ana himself began to develop the lode they had discovered at Dismal Hill.. The yields ob- tained from the surface stone were sufficiently handsome to erect plant and machinery to suit, and to leave a good balance. A good house was built, and ou the Bite of the wretched hut in whieh Mrs. Sinclair had settled arose a mining town that rivalled filudgetown, for, ot course, the pioneer mine being so successful, chime were taken up in every direotion; and some of them did well, though none ever topped the golden Binolair Beef, which was one of the beBt in the colonies. The returns were, indeed, splendid, and when an oSer was made to tarn it into a publio oompauy, Percy and Harry sold their mine, and retired with a fortune beyond their dreams. AuntEtsie had been'lraried on a little rise come distanoe from the bonse. Peroy bad a stone enolosure plaoed around the grave, and a ueadstone bearing the' inscription:— Elsie Sinclair, murdered by bushrangers •on the night of 27th August, 186 -." There the cold, uard- hearted woman, , who had lived unloved and feared,, because of'the gloomy .religion which she, in ,her ignorance and Selfish pride, thought to be the faith inculcated hy Christ, took her la*t rest. No one spoke of her ; ail'felt that, after her laBt aot, it .was'better She was dead. . , .:. Flora broodedand fretted sogreatly that t lerbrotherdeterminedtosendliert'oEngland witu his mother.while rihe^intfjras u - = ~Vopthed, abd;thw;wftsM old home again; alas I to find it a home no longer. All whom Bhe had known had long sinoi died or gone elsewhere, and she found herself among strangers. Qnly the familiar features of the landscape were unaltered— the streams and hills and plains—and with these she communed, recalling the past and the days when, a happy, hearty-lass, she was oourted and won by the love of her heart, John Sinolair, although hie dour sister, Elsie, discouraged the wooing, saying John was too aood for a dairymaid I How little she then dreamed ot what would happen afterwards ol that sist r's terrible death? Flora beoame tired of travelling, and she resolved to go to Italy and finish her musical education.. It would give her a part in the nusiness of the great world ; it would make her independent of any reverse of fortune, and help to wean her Irom the regrets which seemed eternal. Leaving her son at a private academy in England, she went, with her mother, to Florence, where they resided in a viila. Here she npplied herself to the great ;ai-k of beginning again at the bottom of the ladder; enieriug upon her studies only to dii-covor how little she knew of singing. But her masters told her her voice was a priceless organ, and she persevered. After an appear- ance at La Scala, in Milan, aud in Vienna, she sang in Paris; and then, after some negotiation, obtained the opportunity to try her fortunes in Drury Lane, the great ambition of her life. How did she feel towards the man who had been so ciuel to her ; who was guilty of such 'errible crimes; who infereniially aided in :lie murder of her aunt? Flora persuaded herself that she hated him ; that she would bo revenged upon him; yet, how weak aud forgiving the heart of woman is. Though she tried to persuade herself to the contrary, Flora loved him Btill, and oircumstances eould have made all her old passion return. If, in her wanderings, she had met hiui, poor, penitent, forlorn,,the beautiful woman would have forgiven him, as she hoped God would forgive her, and taken him to her heart—lor she was still willing to believe that he was more siuned against than sinning, that a perverse fate was more to blame than himself. What if he was weak, sinful, unfaithful, he was her first, her only love I Evtn as she pursued her ambitiou, and worked hard to become a great Einger, how often did her cheeks glow when she thought of the chance, when making a great debut, that he would he iu the audience, aud would be astonished and proud ! The uiiiibhaviiigheeu sold, and affairs in Australia tiled, Harry aud Peroy eagerly preESed on to Eugland, Percy to see hia mother, sister, and nephew, and to witness Flora's debut; Harry to ocliievo the great purpose, though how, he did not himself very clearly know; inn' would he commuuicate to Pircy aught of i hat dread and mysterious past, which brooded upon him like a nigutmare, and ma >e him ai times almost ineaue. Aud thus it was that our dramatis personnel Were assembled in London to begin the final act of the trag'dy. How Horace Leigh came there, time will explain. SCENE III. IN a luxurious parlonr at the Langham Hotel late on that night sat three men. A tray with refreshments was set upon the table, and the two were helping themselves IO whatever waB most pleasing to their tastes. Tue enteriaincr was Mad Harry, and his quests were two London deteotives. One of the latter was an old man, the other quite a pruce and smart juvenile, with all the put <>u air of the seim-SDObocracy of Loudon. He wore unexceptionable clothing, grew his Heard according lo the fashion, smoked bis cigariiiie a real "swell," and spoke with the total diBregard of the letter r, which is supposed in some circles to be the shibboleth of geuiility and fashion, occasionally lapsing ii.to ridioulous Cockneyism. The elder man was quite different; in fact, there was something about him of St. Giles, and he spoke with an nnmiftakeable Cockney accent, without the elaborate attempt ai concealment I his plebeian origin which distinguished his junior. Mad Harry—be still kept his real name concealed from everyone—was evidently greatly excited. Well," said he, as he put down his glass of wine,almost untested, "have you performed your task, have you examined into the oase I placed before you ?" " We have, sir," said the elder detective. " And what have you found ? You have been a long time over the affair." It was werry difficuli, sir," said the detective, " werry difficult, for we'd to go back such a long lime." Well, what have you found?" cried Harry. " >ve have learned, sir," said the deteotive, draining off a glass of port, "that in the year 182— there was great excitement in Henglaini hover a crime committed by Mr. Henry Hayler, the only sou of a Midland oouutieB squire, who, though he 'ad no >itle,. was oue of the richest men iu Heugland. He waB tried—" But what waB the crime ?" Well, sir, it seems has 'e wor a fast friend of young Lord Badnor, the son of the then Earl of Bucclesleigh—" " Good," said Mad Harry. " Very good." " And that the two were always together. They were well-known in Lunnon aB two of tue wildest scamps of the time, and wild young scamps were as plentiful then as street arabs now. Well, all of a suddint, a beautiful girl, with whom Lord Badnor was living, was found murdered, her throat cut, and young Hayter was discovered hiding in the house. It was proved, sir, that Lord liadnor was at the family seat, which adjoined Mr. Hayter's property, _ and also that young Hayter was madly in 'love with the girl, who chose Lord Badnor instead. She'd been a member of the bally at Droory Lane. And what made things more certain was that young Hayter had blood on his clothes. There was no doubt he'd done the deed; and if it weren't for the influence of his friends, he'd been hanged, but they got the sentenoe of death ohanged to transportation for life. It ceems Lord Badnor tried hard to save him in givin'evidence." " Of course—of course," said Harry, with olenobed hands and teeth. »" But he 'ad to give in to the lawyers, and tell the truth." " But did not young Hayter try to make some delence?" " He did, sir; be said that Lord Badnor had killed the girl beoause be found she had been unfaithful, and that he obanoed to come to see him, and he haxed him to help him to conceal the murder, and ,htt, in their attempts to -carry the body to the oellar, the "blood had got on to his clothes. At last, Lord Badnor told him he would go for a man who would do the job, and he had waited his return, but he never came back. Instead of that, two servants of Lord Badnor's came and found him in the house. He tried to hide, for fear,-bat they ferretted bim out." " Did anyone believe him i" „ "Not a sonl, sir.;.it was too transparent altogether. „ So the young fellow was sent tff to Australia, and was heard of no more," ".Ton have ferreted that case out pretty welli" eaid Harry." Now, what about .the other case, Jhat.of Lord Badnor, the son of young Hayter waB transported— turned out SB wild as his father—" " Stay," said Harry; " what beoame of Hayter's parents?" " They were never able to lift np their heads arterwards, and died of broken hearts. But to oontiner. Young Lord Badnor, as soon as he 'ad got from colledge, got to playing all kinds of pranks, and went it iu Lunnon. The family was poor, very poor, though tliey 'ad expectation from a wealthy relative called Seafortb, but there were Beveral persons who stood between 'em. However,;arter a while, the old lord got the young one to oonBent to marry a very wealthy heiress. They hadn't been married a few months, when up turns a young girl who claimed to be the young lord's wife, an' you may gu< ss there was a shine. However, the young lord deolared he'd never seen her afore. Hia wife was not pleased with him for all that, an' she leaves him aud goes to live by beiself. Two days arterwards the young woman who claimed to be Lord Badnor's wife was found murdered in her cottage. The police soon got to making inquiries, aud from what they heard they made t-ure Lord Badnor. had killed her out of revenge." " And did they catch him?" " Not the.v ; he was too fast for them. He got some inkling of their suspicions and oleared out." " Has he ever been beard of ?" " Not till we made inquiries a few weeks ago, when you put us ou the scent. But I ouRbt to euy that Lord Bucc'eelcigli had a younger FOU who went as midshipman, and ABB supposed to be drownded in a war vessel as went down on the high seas, and when the gentleman to whom you drored our attention came home quite a lot was made of him, lor the father gave out as his son, Lord Badnor, had died long ago, but this one was the son who had been in the ship. He'd been picked up by an Australian vessel, and had lived in the bush for years. He'd done very well on tue digdn's, an' didn't care to come home as the family were so poor an' he 'ad no hexpectatiouB whatever, and didn't care much for his father. Bat, 'appening to hear as ail the Sealorths 'ad died out—one on 'em was smothered in a shaft on a i-oldfield in New South Wales—he canic heme lo take the property." " And did everyone thiuk this Btory was true ?" " In course they did. Why, the old affair bad died out of everyone's mind. The detectives hadn't the slightest idea of anything being wrong until you saw ns, when, after going over the files of the Times, we got hold of all the particulars. He was made quite a lion of in Lunnon society." " And do you think the story is probable?' 1 " Not a bit of it," cried the young detective. " Why, it is all as plain as—haw—mod in a wine-glass, when one has become aoquaiuted with the facts—haw. You see, we r>-ad the account of the shipwreck, and it's as clear there as daylight that the younger son went down. Here's the paragraph that we copied out of the Times." Mad Harry grasped the document and read it with furious eagerness. It ran :— "Amongst those who were lost was a promising young midshipman, the Hon. William Seafortb. The boats made an ineffectual attempt to get him off ihe wreok, but before any help could be tiven the vessel lurohed over, and those in the boats had to save themselves by rowing out of reach of the suction. When the waves created by the plunging of the vessel into the deep had subsided, the boats hovered round the scene of the catttftrophe for several hours, but no sigu of a human being waB discovered." " There, jou see," said the younger detective,''there's no doubt on it. This man is Lord Badnor, and the clever ruse of personating his younger brother was got up as he knew he could not show his face in England, long ago as the murder took place, as himself." " And what are yon going to do ?" asked Mad Harry, almost fiercely. " We would not do anythink," replied the elder man, " until we'd seen yon, who'd set UB on the soent." " Well, then," cried Mad Harry, "make all hssie, aud arrest him this nit;lit." " But why BO suddmt ?'' asked the deteotive. " It's a serious thing to do anything with lords, and there's a lot of formulas to be bobservrd." " Whatever you do," said Mad Harry, " do it quiokly, or he will escape." " 0-v can lie?" queried the deteotive. " He hasn't^'he slightest idea of what's going on. Why, lie's been recognised by all as the younger son." • " He has no ideal" cried Mad Harry. "I tell you, don't be mistaken about this. He knows the worst to-night, and you'll IOBS tbe bird before one day is over unless you are sharp. Away with you, and I'll see that you are rewarded. Put all tbe maohinery of the detective uffioe at work, or all is lost." " Depend upon it, sir," said both, rising, " he won't escape. We'll oonsult with .our chiefs at once." The men went out, leaving Mad Harry alone. Hie face was illumined with a strange joy, and he walked up and down the room like a man whose yonth had been renewed. " Dead I dead 1— all dtad 1" said the strange man, as he paced up and down the room with the elastic step of youth ; " aud there are no means of clearing the grand old name of tbe shadow that has fallen on it, nor of recovering tbe estates, whioh have gone to strangers. But what need ? Am I not the last of tbe honoured race ? Vengeance only is left, and that vengeance is within my reaoh. And an awful revenge 1—darker and more terrible than tbe soenes of tiioBe melodramas I used to attend in my youth—of tbe seusation novels,! have read in later days. Good God I I could grind them to powder 1 I could burn tbem to ashes 1 1 oould— But, there; if I allow these fierce passions to surge through my heart, I will go mad again. I feel my reason tottering. Through tbe son I will strike the father—through the eon will John Sinclair be avenged, as I swore by biB dying bed. When I think of tbe terrible retribution in store, I begin to have riome glimmering that, after all, there is a God—a just and avenging Deity—who, though He allows guilt for a season to be triumphant, in the end overwhelms it in shame." " What's the matter, Harry ?" asked Peroy, walking into the room. " Do not over excite yourself; remember tbe weak slate of your brain." •' Matter I" cried Harry. " Sit here and I will tell you;" And he rapidly went oyer the story of ths deteotives, without adding anything to it himself. Percy Was astounded. " Now the darknesB begins to roll away," said he, "and I understand some of the mysteries which heretofore puzzled me. Howl understand the awful agony of yonr lifetime. But there is one thing that gives me joy unspeakable. "It is. plain to me that, after all, Horace was not a married man when he married my sister. She is his wife. Harry is. legitimate. Heaven be praised 1 But what will be done to him ?" ^ . "He will die .on the sosffold." .Both were nnconsoions that a listener had been present all the time, standing at the; door in an attitude of intense'interest; a' listener whoturned her eyes, heaven wards when Percy spoke. It was Flora. But the moment Harry prononnoed the awful doom of her • husband she staggered awsy, and hurriedly went to her owb apartments. Tbiire she-passed .a sleepless night. ° rH SB a felon. A thousand excuses arose before ber; the strong passions of youth; a crime committed in a moment of insane rage ; these were the exouseB her love invented, and for hours she lay awake, tossing about in agony, thinking, thinking, how this wretohed man could be saved. The same night Lord Baoclesleigh and Lord Badnor left London suddenly for Bucolegleit,h Hall, to the no email astonishment of tbe fashionable world, when they heard of it next day. SCENE IV. ABOUT the same hour Horace Leigh, or, as we uill now call him, Lord Badnor—for the reader has by this time understood the position—cat in tbe drawiug-rdom of tbe familj mansion in Grosvenor-rquare, face to facr with his father. The two men looked pair and anxious. A nameless horror seemed to weigh them down to tbe earth. In a few wotds Lord Radnor's history since the tragedy at Dismal Glen may be given. He had escaped with M<ok Bradley to New Zealand, after a series of exuiting adven tures. In that colony he had joined with his companion the very large band of " travellers" which infested the West Coast diggings. The^e were men who lived by their wits, frequenting the botelB and playing cards or dice »ith the "soft" or drunken diggers, wberebj they managed to make considerable sums of money, which they spent, however, as soon as they acquired, according to the true instinct .of vagabonds. Lord Badnor, the scion of a noble race, educated and refined, sank fast into the miry Blough iu which his companions had become submerged, and became essentially one of themselves. Naturally weak and inclined to pleasure, passionately fond of wine and women, iir took readily to the dreadful life. Besides, in such company, and in the whirl of Ion dissipation, he forgotthe past, that dreadful past, which haunted him like an evil dream, and for the time forgot the terrors of the police. His cowardly nature made him ever fear an officer of ihe law. He moved about very lit tie in daylight, and when be did, he slunk through the streets thinking tsvery glance oast at him was one of suspicion. There is no telling to what depths he would have fallen. He narrowly escaped joining a band of bushrangers, for when their tortune8 were very low, Mick bad proposed to form a band to rob miners travelling fmm the goldfields to thrietohurch or Dunedin, who had generally good " swags" of gold on tbem, and thuB imitate the horrible exploits of the Maung&i;&pu; murderers, Sullivan, KMlv, L-vy and BurgeBs, who murdered travellers in tbe most atrocious manner for their gold. Those who know anything of Australian history will remember the oareer of these men, wbo ma le tbe part of N<-w Zealand where tuey were a hell for a time, and who spent tbe proceeds of their murders in wild Bprees, in the course of wnich they let out sufficient to cast suspicion upon them. Sullivan turned Queen's evidence and ea.eii bis own neck, whi'e his comrades remained firm to the last, never opening their lips. What an awful romance of crime that was I Who but does not remember that the free pardon granted to tbe villain Sullivan turned ont a farce; that he was compelled to fly for his life to the prison, with a crowd behind him eager for his life; that he languished for years in gaol; that at last the New Zealand Government, tired of himself and his oomplaints, smuggled him away to England, whence, in a short time he had to go, SB life was made unbearable, owing to the espionage of the police, who made him known to everyone ; that he returned to Victoria, tbe colony in which he had resided when the goldfields first broke out, only to be apprehended and sent to gaol ; to be released ajiain, after remaining in durance vile for Bome time, through his knowledge of the law; thai, af.'erwaras, his house was besieged at Wedderburn, and lie stood in danger of his life; that everyone refused to even speak to him, or supply him with the necessities of life ; and that at lust he has disappeared, no one knows where. Truly, Sullivan will be the Wandering Jew of Australian history. Lord Badnor narrowly escaped that fate ; bimee f and his desperate companions were medi. tilting such a etep, when a couple of diggers, wbo had made a pile in the gullies, returned to Hokitika, and Mick Bradley cleverly relieved them, with his companions'ai I, at poker, in a few nights. This set the coterie up for a little while. They then began waudering about New Z 'aland, from goldfield to goldfield, occasionally spending a few months in gaol, until they became so well known, and the miners so prudent, in CODSPquence of gold Dot being so plentiful, that they discovered, as Mick Bradley said, " that the game was played out." It was at this time that tbe scheming brain of Mick Bradley conceived an idea, which wus ultimately worked out. As a matter ol course he]had long since gathered from Arthur (that was Lord Badnor's Christian name} his true history. At first he thought little of it. for he felt that, owing to his youthful crime, he could not appear in England or claim anything ; but during one of tbe conversations a brilliant idea flashed tbrongb his mind. It was to trump up a story, and to make out Arthur to be his brother William who was drowned years ago. Arthur, wbo was but a tool in the hands of his oleverer though lower companion, at once wrote to his father, giviDg the outlines of the plot. After a long time a letter arrived from the old lord, requesting Arthur to write a communication, giving the story of the supposed William, tbe details of whioh he supplied. An affecting letter was oonoocted ana sent. As a matter of fact, the old lord wanted to get the Seaforth estates, which were speoially entailed to his heir. Months again elapsed, aud another letter arrived stating that the bait had taken, and that no danger was to be »pprehended. Arthur was to sail at once, aud a draft was forwarded to him. The two friends departed for England, and on' arrival they found everything smoothed for them. To Bay, however, tbat Arthur was free from the terror of the punishment. of bis crimes would be wrong. He was no longer young, and his health was broken by his irregular and dissipated life. Though be goon recovered all the outward appearancB of a handsome aristocrat, he was, in reality, weak and nervous. He oared little to move in society, and preferred to lay in bed half ihe day, read the remainder, and at night seek some haunt of dissipation, iu wbioh alone he could enjoy himself. He had become a perfect Blave to the dice-box, and was known in London as one of the best chioken-bazard players in the higher circles of gamblerdom. But for all that, there was tbe constant fear tbat the ghost of ths past would rise up to confront him, and that he woald be flung down from his high estate, and executed M a common felon. The horror that fell npon him when be discovered in the new. prima donna, bis lost wife, was .Iherefore'profound, and it was tbe greater .because he saw she had reoognised. him. But if a climax to his terror was needed, it'waB supplied when. on rising from his box to hasten away from the theatre, he saw Mad Harry,-Peroy, ana his own son. To say that be'fled- from the theatre is not figurative, He rusbed out'inkoihe darkness, and, disregarding his own' carrisge, took tbe first hansom and; drove', hbme. itnagining all the time/that theiurieB-of the law were in' to do, the obvious course being to fly to South America with all the wealth he oould realise, he was surprised to hearhis fathet'b voioe, and in a short time he entered tinroom,' dosing the door. Arthur looked up, and confused as his miod was, he waB startled at Lord Bucclesleigh's appearance His faoe was of an BBhen grey. Ho threw himself into a chair, and claBped bis hands. " What is tbe matter with you ?" asked Arthur. " 1 might as well aBk that question of you," fieroely replied his father. " Why did 'you leave the theatre so suddenly ?"' "Because the devil conjured up spectres of ihe paBt from whom I fled," replied Aitbur. " And the same fiend treated me to one sptctre, and such a spectre," groaned his father. " Who? what?" cried Arthur, hiB mind at OJ1C3 reverting to the many strange iillusions Mad Harry had made at Silverwater Bend. " Can this Mud Harry bo—" " Henry Hayter," replisd his father, putting his hands ever his face. " My God 1" cried Arthur, " then both of us are lost." "What does be want here, with his damnod, accusing face i"' exclaimed Lord Bucclesleigh ' furiously, risiug up and walking hurriedly across the room. " Ho knows he can do nothing. He has no evidence ; he oau have no evidence. I am secure against him. Eut is he here ta haunt me like a spectre, to dog me to my death. Curse liim! I thought he was dust anditsheslougago; th:t hecould not live through the horrors aud privations which he must have endured. 1 have read in legends of dead bodies which became animated with a devil, and wandered up and down tho earth to ruin and destroy, and surely this is one. It cannot bs he, and yet Ilia look—it froze my very blood." "It is be," replied Arthur. And he briefly narrated all he knew concerning Mad Harry. His father listened with a face wiiich was clouded with shadows of pain and irritation. " I'oh !" said he, " I have it. This man shall not rise up as my accuser, he shall not breathe the same air. He was exiled for life, and he is illegally on English ground. I will have him seized by the police, and sent back to whence he came." • His faoe cleared up, and he looked quite relieved. Lord Bucclesleigh had of late years become an altered man. From his earliest youth he had pursued a life of sensual pleasure, sparing no woman in his cruel and devouring lust, but at last nature had refused to obey his calls upon her, and desire died with the food it fed upon. It was then that two new passions arose in his soul, the love of gold and a superstitious religion—his sophistical mind malting these two discordant feelings agree. The old sinner seemed to feel that he was upon the verge of tho grave, and he hoped to make his peace with heaven ere ho departed into thi Hereafter, without, however, sacrificing one of his inclinations. "It is impossible," Baid Arthur, after his father had ceased speaking. "Impossible! Why?" asked Lord Bucclesleigh imperatively. "What do you mean?" For a while Arthur's lips were glued with terror. He had not told his father of his career of crime in other lands; he thought it unnecessary. But ho felt that he must reveal all, for he leaned upon his father's strong, practical and rfotting mind. Still it was some tims before he could tell the terrible tale. As Lord Bucclesleigh listened to the con- fession of his son, the dark clouds returned to his face, and long ere tho close it wore an evil looi, in which fear was mingled. It seemed to this bad, cruel man that after all his sins were to find him out in this world; that, as here he had erred, hsre he would suffer. "Fool! Idiot! Madman!" he halfscreamed, when the last words of the confession came from the blue, trembling lips of Arthur. " You have ruined us all. I feel that through you we are in the meshes of a net from which escape seems impossible. This man, Henry Hayter, appears possessed of a devil and will hunt us to the death. He will place the matter iu the hands of the detectives, and they will ferret out of the newspapers of the time the details of the sinking of the war vessel, and then it will be plain to any jury that William could not have been saved. Death, a horrible death, must lie before you, aud, therefore, youmust fly at once. Even to me all this may be fatal. He may again demand justice of his country, and have some new facts. I know not what to do." He resumed his promenade. "There is nothing for it," said Lord Bucclesleigh, " but for you to fly as early as possible. He cannot take steps very quickly; your rank shields you, and throws a thousand obst icles in the way. Let us go' to Buxlesleigh Hall to-night; there we will be safe, for, in case of emergency, you can hide in the secret chambers. I will realise some of the property, and get you sufficient money. Up and away—we will have time to work out the problem at Bucclesleigh." And by the last train the old peer and his son were whirled away to Bucclesleigh Hall, which was not very far from the metropolis. (To be continued.) 