Triaity Church. ANN-STREET, FORTITUDE VALLEY. THIS church, which has just been completed so far as is at present intended, has been in progress about fifteen months. The building will accommodate about 700 persons, and the sitting accommodation is afforded by the nave, aide aisles, and transeps, which form the general plan of the church. The style of architecture is that known as the early English Gothic of the geometrio period prevailing during the 18th and 14th centuries. The church was formally opened on Satur* day afternoon, when the usual evening prayers were said, the sermon being preached by his Lordship Bishop Hale. On Sunday morning the edifice was consecrated, according to a special form of service appropriate to the occasion. Every available seat was occupied, and numbers •f tpejrtoas were unable, until several form* i beloaging to the sohoolhouse were brought in, to find more than standing-room, the total number of those present being upwards of 1000. Shortly after eleven o'clock, Bishop Hale, attended by tile Revs. Messrs. Mahalm and Smith, arrived at the main entrance of tbe . church, and were there met by the Rev. James Love, the incumbent, attended by Messrs. Gibbon And Wjfcern, churchwardens, and the .following ' petition was read :— To tbe Right Her. Matte* Blagden Hale.D.D., by dWine permiaaion, Bishop of Brisbane. The petition of the undersigiied respectfully showeth that tar many jnh the parishioners of Fortitude Valley hare worshipped in a building used both m a tohool and a church. Thia edifice, nerer well suited for a church, haa become too ■mall for the requirement* of the pariah, and the pariah* knar* at considerable ooat hart erected a apaoioua and elegant building, and they now request you will dedicate it to tbe ever blessed Trinity to be called Trinity Church, so that it may nerer be claimed as prirate property, alien ated from sacred ueea, nor appropriated to any purposes dishonoring to God, but that for the present ana tor all time it may be a temple wherein our children and our children* children may worship Almighty God, according ' to the teachings of His Holy Word and the ritual of the ' Catholic and Reformed Church of England And you* petitioners at In duty bound will ever pray. (Signed) James Lots, Incumbent Jams Gibbon, > /«,„_*_,«i_. H. W. WTBoaK. f CJnwehwardena, A. R. Roans, \ KGILLISPIE, (.Vjrt-m,^ •< ■ J. Robmson, f twwt™" -& Rinaro, ) , His Lordship replied .-Mr. Love, Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Wyborn : It gives me very great pleasure to be able to come here to-day to comply with your request. The Bishop and attending clergy then pro* oeeded up the main aisle to the oommunion ■ table, «nd the oonsecration service was proceeded with. At the close of this portion of the oere mony the Bishop delivered to the incumbent the following certificate:— This is to oertify that this church—to be henceforth designated and known as the Churoh of the Em Blessed Trinity, Fortitude Valley—ia now oonaeerated and set apart foreTer from all profane and oommoa uses, and ia dedicated to the worship and aarrioe of the erer blaaaid Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. (Signed) Mathew R. Haui, Bishop of Brisbane. July M, 1877. The prayers being concluded, his Lordship preached from the lesson of the morning, 1 Kings, viiL, 22—62, and in his prefatory re marks said that it had not been cus tomary in England to consecrate churches the building debt on which had not been extin guished, but that the ciroumstanoes of the o»lo nies frequently rendered it desirable that this regulation should not be carried out. He hoped to see the pariahionersenterinto some systematic and methodical scheme for the extinguishment of the debt on the church within a given period. At the conclusion of the sermon the usual offertory was made, after which a large propor tion of tbe congregation left the church, and the Holy Communion was administered to those who remained. His Excellency the Governor, Miss Kennedy, and suite were present at theoonsecration service. There was a very efficient choir, and the psalms and hymns were well sung. Mr. Vidgen pre sided at the organ. In the afternoon and even ing the church was again filled, the sermon in the afternoon being preached by the Rev. J. R. Zillman ; that in the evening, by the Rev. R. Mahalm. The collections during the services amounted to £125 6s. Bd., which is a very fair addition to the £8000 already subscribed by the parishioners. The material used in the construction of the. main walls of the churoh is brick, with a foun dation and base courses of stone, and thewalli have been relieved by cement dressing with whiU pressed brick for the windows. The nave, which Is entered by the western door, is 100 feet in length by a width of 23 feet, and rises to the centn of the main roof to a height of nearly 60 feel from the floor. A range of six handsome yel light cast iron columns on either side carries the walls of the nave, the clerestory and main roof forming a substantial support without the ma* sivenees of stone columns. The main roof i framed in six hammer-beam principals, carrying the ordinary roof timbers and enriched by opet tracery panda. The tide aisles have a length of 92 feet bjf width of 13 feet, and are roofed with half principals, having curved riba resting on carved stone corbels in the aide-walla, and carrying common ranerjr'and purlin* framed in aucha way aa to give the effect of a panelled roof. The whole of the rpoft^are atained,and varaishefl inside ; .but the principal timbers being of teak, are left their natural color. Outside, the roof » faped with large Duchess slates, and surmounted with an ornamental ridge-tile of cast-iron. la order to secure proper ventilation for the build ing, openings are left under the main roof for the ingreaa of oold air, and an arrangement ia made on the outside for the egress of heated air. The nave of the building is lighted by the clerestory windows, a four-light window, with traoeried head, at the western end of the building, and a three-light window with cusped head in the chanoel, but in addition to these each aisle has eight three-light windows with cuaped heads, and there are alao two two-light windows with traceried heeds in the western gable, and wheel window* ia the transepts. JTba chancel stained glass window ia tne gift of the Hon. Arthur Hodgson, in memory of his late daughter, for* merly connected with the church and Sunday •bhool, and bears the foUowfitfnaeription at the base —M In memory of Emily, wife of CardroßS Grant, daughter of Arthur and Eliaa Hodgson } born at Brisbane May 30,1850 ; died at Swatow, China, December 9,1876." The clerestory win* dows (thirty-two in number, sixteen on each aide) are the gift of the children attending the Sunday school, and wiU always attest the share they had in raising funds for the construction of the church. The wheel windows in the transept are 9 feet ia diameter, divided into seven compartments, ousped and foliated, and are filled with two tints of cathedral glass—the centre a pale green, bor* dered by dark amber. In order to provide for the requisite lighting of the church at night, gas arrangement! of a very effective and novel nature have been fitted. The seats of the church are all cedar and pine combined, and are varnished and Frenoh polished, the bookshelf being placed underneath the seat They are, however, nicely got up, and do their constructor. Mr. T. P. Hardy, credit. The floor, of tike church is a bement eonerete, the aisles and vestibule being bordered with encaustic tiles, presented by Mr. R. R. Smellie. At the western end of the church is a gallery or organ loit. in, wUch an .instrument has been placed.' 4Mb will aeoommddate an ex tensive choir. The building baa a handsome appearance ex-; temally, and the point* of the, roof at the, western or main entrance are ornamented with pinnacle*, in imitation of the Abbey of Holy* ro»d, and fioals frem/lona, as being the earliest symbols of Christianity. In case of lightning, the church is provided with copper ribbon light ning conductors—the latest improvement in this respect The total cost of the building has ex ceeded £4000, to which the ooat of a chanoel re mains to be added when the liberality of the parishioners will afford H, bat even now there is cause for congratulation that Fortitude Valley has secured a church of such pretensions, and likely to meet the requirements of the locality for some time to come. The architect ia Mr. Stanley, and the contractor Mr, Jas. Robinson. Tn BriMol Po* publishes the followingl account of a service held in a Congregational church in that city:—ln accordance with annual custom, the advent of the month of May, and with it the happy spring time, was celebrated by the holding of an early morning service at Bed land Park Church yesterday morning; and though the hour—seven o'clock—was an excep tionally early one^ there was a very large congre gation. The service might not be inappropriately termed * "floral servioe," for the handsome interior of this* the prettiest of Noncon formist churches in our city, was redolent with the rich and fragrant perfumes emitted from innumerable bouquets of flowers, which, the congregation had brought with them. Spring-time has been ushered in with cold, bleak winds ; winter is truly lingering in the lap of May, and Flora's offerings have not as yet been so profuse as they have been in former years, but many a conservatory had been laid under contribution, and choice exotio and other flowers charmed the eye by their beauty and the rarity of their excellence, while large bunches of the modest primrose and the pretty cowslip were principally the floral offerings of the children who were present. The hymns were singularly appropriate to the occasion, and the Rev. Urijah Thomas preached a short but earnest sermon, addressed principally to the young. After the servioe the flowers were collected and sent to the hospitals. Aornro upon the recommendation of Sir Wil liam Jervois, the New South Walt* Qoremment hare, we (Evening Newt) understand, ordered th* following military stores from England for the defenoe of the colony :—45 ton* gun cotton; 6-inch ■labs, damp ; 80 miles Hooper's core, on drums; 5 miles Siemens' cable; 200 torpedo cases for 2501b. cotton, and 50 for 5001b.; 100 circuit closers, Mathieson's; 60 Mathieaon's electro contact, lor 1001b. ootton; 250 discon nectors; 200 junction boxes, T shape, for Hooper's core; 2000 plantinum wire fuzes ; 100 chain slings, for ground mines; 1 drying appa ratus for ootton ; 1001b. cotton powder; 10 sets shutter apparatus ; 6000 fathoms wire rope, for mooring; 2 pairs of firing and observing arcs; 2 Walker's signalling apparatus; 100 feet vul canised tubing, to cover Hooper's core ; 200 ebonite fuzes; 1000 cells for firing battery. The above torpedo stores have been ordered by tele gram, and wQI be shipped direct to Sydney without delay. It is intended by Mr. Cracknelf, superintendent of telegraphs, to have a series of torpedo experiments made, and to put his tor pedo corps through a regular course of training. Iv the meantime some torpedo experiments will be made with the use of powder, and at these Colonel Scratchier has signified his intention of being present with Mr. Ellery, the Government Astronomer, and captain of the Torpedo Corps of Victoria, 