T5W1TJSH SPORTING. Sporting circles were exceedingly quiet when the February mail closed in England. Small steeplechase and hurdle race fixtures constituted the whole of the business that was being done. The Little Steeplechase Meeting at Eltham was held on Monday and Tuesday, the 29 th and 30th January. As the weather was fine on the first day there was a considerable attendance ; but Londoners woke to see a very great change on the next— something more like the season — and so it fell off to about one-half. Mr. Cart wright's Condray wen the Hunters' Steeple ehase, Mr. Bracher's Swift the Selling Hurdle Race. Mr. Billinghurst's 'Mainmast the Belmont Hurdle Handicap, Mr. Greenwood's Edward the King John Selling Handicap Steeplechase, the Duke of Montrose's Labryinth the Maiden Hurdle Stakes, and Mr. Gavacan's Moortown the Eltham Handicap ; Hurdle Race. On the second day, JMr. Thornton's Hawkhead won the Hunters' Flat Race, and Mr. Quartloy's Napolitaine the Selling Hurdle Plate. The Chislehurst Selling Handicap Steeplechase was won by Mr. Poole's Dunois, and the 'Woolwich Handicap Hurdle by Mr. 'W. Harris's Bailiff. The Maiden Steeplechase Plate fell to Mr. Nightingall'8 Glaucus, and the Middle Park Hurdle Race to Mr. W. Burton's gelding by Marsyaa. The fields were small. The English sporting papers report the French race meeting at Nice on the 28th January, when the Grand Prix de Mondes was won by Baron Finot's Blairette, beating eight others, and the Hurdle Race by Mr. H. Gibson's Macaron. The teetotallers in England seem to be gain ing ground in their crusade against those who imbibe intoxicating liquors, and have been able to induce the Magistrates of 'West Drayton not to grant a licence for the sale of liquors at the 'West Drayton Race Meeting. M Augur' of the Sporting Lift, who of course writes on the other side, says : — ' West Drayton in future will be regarded as historic ground, and be held up for pity as an instance of the mock liberty of the land we live in. One by one our constitutional rights as free men are being trampled .under foot, and it is now actually proposed in a con temporary that Government should have the power of licensing a race meeting in like manner to a dancing saloon. It will be a dangerous step to take, I think, as well as of doubtful benefit, and one still farther illustrative of how practically unjust is that law which boasts of being alike for poor and rich.' The meeting took place on the 1st and 2nd February, and the fields were remarkably small. Mr. Billinghurst's Mainmast won the Maiden Hurdle Race, and the same gentleman's Reform walked over for the Hunters' Flat Race after a deadheat with Mr. Cartwright's Condray. Mr. Bracher's Swift won the Selling Hurdle Race, Mr. Cartwright's Condray the Hunters' Hurdle Race, Mr, 'Winfield's Peep o' Day the 'West Drayton Hurdle Race, and Mr. Da vis's Bowland the Maiden Hunters' Flat Race, on the first day. On the second the Middlesex Hurdle Handicap was won by Peep o' Day, the Hanters' Hurdle Race by Bowland, the Selling Hurdles by Mr. A. Yates'g Peggy, the Hunters' Flat Race by Mr. A. Yates' Joyeuse, and the Selling Hurdle Stakes by Peggy. The Birmingham Steeplechases and Hurdle Races, which usually open the principal part of the Steeplechase and Hurdle Race season, began on February 6. It has very often been neces sary to postpone this fixture, owing to the rough winter weather of February ; but this year that month was very mild, and did not s,poil sport. Mentioning the principal events of the meeting, the Duke of Moutrose's labyrinth won the Maiden Hurdle Race, beating Lalage and Kouge mont. TheErdington Steeplechase Plate waswou by Mr. I'itzroy's Chilblain, who started the favourite. Thellunt Cup Steeplechase was woaby Mr. Warner's Inez, beatiug a Lrjjj f! Id, and started almost as an outsider. Mr. J. Hefford's 'Verity carried off the Elmdon Hurdle Handicap, beating some gt»d company. In the Birming ham Annual Handicap Steeplechase Mr. A. Crof ton's Abdallah was the victor, Mr. Percival's Sparrow taking the second place, with Mr. Howein's Lady Christiana third. Chilblain had another triumph in the Paget Plate. The fields were small for the minor events. The Croylon Steeplechase and Hurdle Race Meeting tvm held on Tuesday and Wednesday, 13th and 14th February. The Maiden Hurdle Race was won by Mr. T. V. Morgan's Gilestone. Mr. H. Hobson's Peter Simple, by Plntus from All Black, was the winner of the Steeplechase Sweepstakes, only three others starting. The Spring Handicap Hurdle Ilace fell to Sir J. D. Astley's Bridget, by Hermit from Bertha, out of a field of 14. Mr. J. Percival's Roug^mont wou the Selling Hurdle Race, and Mr. Fiizroy's II .Zirigara the Hunters' Flat Rice. The weather was so very wet on the Tuesday that people vere drenched, and the attendance on the following day comeqieii^iy f«Il off. Thj i.itc'tlechzse was won by Mr. G. T. Dbbson's Adieu, and the Croydon First Spring Steeplechase by Mr. J. Winfield'a Birdcatcher, beating amongst others Austerlitz, the winner of the Grand National. Thinskiu won the Selling Hunters' Flat Race, and Mr. H. Hobson's Peter Simple the Addiscombe Steeple chase, Mr. E. W. Taylor's Red Huntsman winning the Handicap Hurdle Race. The acceptances were made for several of the principal Spring Handicaps early in February. Twenty-eight have paid up for the Newmarket Handicap of the Newmarket Craven Meeting, in which Roaeberry heads the list with 9 st, 7 lbs., Lord Gowran being allotted 8 st. 3 lb^., Coltness 7 st. 13 lbs., and Enguerrande 7 st. 12 lbs. Eighty-eight have accepted in the City and Suburban. The top weight is 9 st. 2 lbs., carried by Controversy, and The Ghost, a five-year-old, at 7 st. 7 lbs., was in favour when the mail closed. Roseberry has the place of honour in the Great Metropolitan, in which there are 36 contents ; and 42 have accepted for the Great Surrey Handicap, with 41 for the Prince of Wales Stakes. Jhe Chester Cup has retained a large proportion of its nominations, 60 having accepted. The Bromley Spring Steeplechase and Hurdle Eaces were held on Thursday and Friday, Feb ruary 15 and 16. Accounts are only to the end of the first day. Mr. J. Shrimpton's Helen Mar won the Hunters' Flat Race in a canter. Mr. C. Connor's Lord Eldon and Mr. J. Nightingall's Chief Ranger ran very close for the Bromley Hnrdle Handicap prize, the former winning by a neck. Mr. Cartright's Edward won the Selling Steeplechase, Lord M. Beresford's Inchcape the Selling Hurdle Stakes, and Mr. C. S. Halford's Great Eastern the Hunters' Steeplechase Plate. The principal race of the meeting —the Railway Steeplechase — was declared void owing to in sufficient entries. 