THE ALARM BELL . , It was a chilly antnmnal evening — one of those that partake of the brightness of .snmmer and .the bleak sharpness of winter. The son, which had been shining brightly. all day. without giving the slightest -apparent -heat, was - sinking rapidly in the west The trees were ail leafless, aand their gnarled branches and jknotted stems shone .out sharply against, the cold, grey sky in strange, fantastic shapes. A keen wind blew iu iheavy.,gosta from the north, rushing up the long, white, country roads, twist ing and twirling the dry fallen leaves before it ; now gathering them' into heaps and now -scattering them broad cast .. It was on snch an evening as this, that a poor, littie ragged boy might have been seen plodding his weary way along the Northern-road in the direction of London, where he was going in the hope of obtaining work. He had walked a long way- that day, and was footsore and hungry. He looked forward to .the coming night with dread, as he knew that he shonld not be able to procure either food or shelter, for he was utterly penniless. But Jack' was a courageous littie follow, so he pushed on, trying to scare away the painful thoughts by humming a tans dear to the village he was born in. As he was paBsing the gate of a hand some mansion .that stood a little way from the road, Jack saw a man, seated on a barrow, eating aome-faread and meat Jack looked wistfully at the man, and at the bread and meat, . and fonnd so much fascination in the latter articles, that he could not' help panting, for a moment, to examine them more care fully. .... Tbe gardener,' for the man -was evi dently of that ancient profession, looked so jolly and good-tempered, that Jack ventured to ask him how many miles it was to London. ; « It be more nor forty good mile, my lad," replied the man. "Are yon going there 1" Jack answered In the affirmative. " Have yon any friends there T" " No, sir. I have no friends in the. world. My mother and father are both dead — so I am going up to London to seek for work." The man seemed to' take an interest in Jack, and, having ascertained that be was very hungry, invited him to sit down on the other handle of the barrow, and gave him a share of the bread and meat. "So, yon are going toXondoh without a halfpenny V after Jack had fold his history. " Well, I admire yonr pluck ; bat I don't think you'll succeed. Lon don is a very large place, my lad, and the people are mighty wicked." "Have you ever been to London, sir ?" asked Jack. "Never," replied the man. "I've never bren more than twenty miles away from this spot No, no ! I know when Fm well off My master Mr. Thorni- croft, gives me all I want, and all the riches in London could get me no more." "Is Mr. Thornicroft the master of that large honse i" asked Jack. "To be sure be is; and I'm his gardener — and a better master or ser vant never lived, although I say it as shouldn't" . replied the man. " What is that large bell on the top of that tower 1" inquired Jack, at the same time pointing to a large bell that hung on the top of an ivy-grown tower adjoining the halL "That's the alarm bell, which we ring in case of danger— snch as fire. You see; this house is a good way from any other, so that, when we ring the bell, all the. farm servants, who live in yonder small cottages, would come to our assist ance." " But who could get np there to ring it t" asked Jack, innocently. \- "No one goes up there, stupid," re plied the man, laughing, " unless it be the bats and the owls in the ivy. The rope runs through every room in the tower, and. comes out by the grand hall, so th&t; anyone can zing - the telL .I most, go now, it is getting late. Where are yon going to sleep, boy ?" " I don't know, -eir ; I have no money," said Jack. "Yon can't stop out all night i So follow me, and Til show you a barn, where- you can sleep comfortably, and to-morrow I'll speak to master about you. I want a boy to help me in the garden, and mayhap he will let you come." . ' ' \- - Jack, with a lightened heart, followed the kind- gardener to a barn that stood at soihe . considerable distaqce from the house. It Was a ' gloomy-looking place, but to the poor little wanderer it seethed teeming with comforts. . . " It used to be a stable at one time," said the gardener ; " but now we use it fo stack nay and straw in, so you will be warm enough. Jnst undo that bundle, and strewit out in that corner: That will da Now, lay dbwn while I place some more trasses round yon, to shelter you from any draft.? - . ,, Jack did- as -he. -was- bidden, -and -was, soon encompssserijiy wjggafLc,ipgh wall of . straw.. Then the gafoener . wished him jfood night, and five nofos_ After wards Jack was eound asleep. .'i It wic?biieir t>cfotk f wlileu' ack' fell asleep, and for five-hours he slept on without hearing ; anything ;-but as - the large chxpt it TQie Hall strhek'i twelve, .Jack awoke, ) As he opened bis eyes, hewasaurpriBed to .see t.-a. strange light inMhfeJjafnli1 ' v--' : He . was so"'etrack with amazement, t bathe -could not move; and aa he lay. in that stetet fhe hesrd the. sound of men'swbifosin low -conversation, i ! " I tell yer what it is, Tom," said1 one voice; don't see: how ' it's -to be done," ->& -5 - . .. "You're, a fool, Bill," -replied a gruff voice. " Old Thornicroft sleeps in a room by the libraiy. Well, I know how to open the library window- In we gets; and goes to old Thornicrofc's room, claps a pistol to bis bead to keep him quiet; and : empty the plate chest; which is in his room. We takes the lot and off we goes. The thing's as beasy as heasy can be." Jack's blood ran cold as he heard this -conversation— the purport of which . he could not . understand. The villains evidently , intended to rob, and, if necessary, murder Mr. Tfaornicrofh ; Turning carefully round, eo aa not, fo make any noise, Jack managed to get in snch a position that he. could see between two of the trasses of straw the . gardener had so kindly and luckily : < placed around him, and he beheld fonr rongh-lqakiog men seated on the ground ronnd a lantern. They had all evil, ' ferocious-looking . faces, and evidently belonged to the - worst class. As Jack moved he neces sarily caused a alight rustling in the straw, at which one of the men started, and exclaimed in a low voice.: — " What's that !" " What a chicken hearted fellow yon are, Bill," replied one of the men. " It's only the rats." " Rats !" returned the other. "It was too heavy for a rat." "My eye V. said a third. "Too heavy for a rat 1 Yon should only live where I do, and hear them walking abont all night. Why, they aonnd jnst like an old follow in top boots." Jack's heart sank within him when he heard the above dialogue ; and it-was with no little feeling of relief that he heaVd them resume 'their conversation — having been persuaded that the - noise was really cauUd by 'rats. ' " Bat supposing," raid Bill, who - was -evidently the coward of the party, " bat eappbsibg the servants awake 1" ' " Why, even then, there are only three men fo four." , . > "But the women!" " Sleep in another part of the home altogether." " Bat if they shonld ring the alarm- bell?" " The first thing we do, when we get into the house, is to cat the alarm-bell rope close off eo that no can reach it. After that the game'e onr own ; and if old Thornicroft, bis servant, or gardener interferes with me, I don't think they will-say mnch dfforwarda." " - As tbe wretch said , this, he drew his ' finger across his throat in a way that made Jack shudder. For an hoar Jack had to remain in - this ' uncomfortable position, afraid to move, and scarcely daring to breathe. The conversation of the four -men turned npon crimes they bad committed, and eo horrified Jack that he nearly fainted. Bnt he knew there was.-work to be done, and, like a brave littiedad, he determined to do it." ' As the ' Hall clock chimed one, the - men extinguished their lantern, and left tbe barn, carefolly closing the door be hind them.- Jack waited a few minutes so as to let the robbera get a little way in advance, and then crept from his hiding- place. He had just got his hand upon the latch, when the door was slowly opened from without. Jack retreated, so that, when the door was opened, he was concealed behind it. One of the burglars entered softly, searched on the floor, and, having fonnd a box of matches he had left there in mistake, went after his companions. By this time Jack was in soch a state of nervons excitement' that Jie could scarcely forbear rushing out and frying to reach tbe Hall -before the robbers; but, on reflection, he knew that to attempt it would be fo lose aU chance of raving Mr. Thornicroft and the gar dener. After he had waited a Jittle time; he crept ont of the barn. It was a dark stormy night. The wind came in lohd tempestuous blasts, and howled among the trees, tearing the dead twigs aud smaller branches, and hurling them through the air like feathers.' Heavy clouds flew rapidly across the moon, making her light to seem to glide along the fields like the trailing garments of a restless ghost. Jack hurried on in the direction of the Hall, keeping a sharp look ahead for the thieves. Suddenly the moon bnret from behind a cloud, and Jack saw the men entering a window in the HalL No sooner had they disappeared than Jack ran forward ; bnt the window ' was tight feet from the gronnd. How was he to reach it f He looked about for some way to obtain an entrance to the building, bnt he could not find one: " Lf I conld only ring the alarm-hell," he said " all wonld be wtiL" As he spoke a heavy gust of wind rattled among the thick ivy that clad the tower, and in a moment Jack's reso lution was taken. Seizing the ivy, he immediately com menced clambering up it. Hie branches shook beneath his Weight, some gave way, shaking the dust and mortar over bim, and nearly blinding him. Still Jack clambered on, feeling for the thick- ' est stems to - place his hands and feet on, for he had got so much dost in his eyes that he could not see. He had jnst placed his foot on one when it gave way, ani' hjB wonld inevitably have' fallen headlong .fo the ground, had it not been that his foot -rested on a stone - ledge. He, placed ikon farther, and was startled by the breaking of glass. It was a window. He pushed it violently. It gave way, . .and, forcing himself, through .the ivy that had covered " it he sprang through the casement, and was safe in the tower. ' He felt about for the rope of the alarm bell, which- he knew must run . through this . room. As his hands came ' : upon it he felt it move. The burglars, were ciittioig it < In a moment it was still again. Jack tried it cautiously. 'There was no one cutting it now. Eo, catching It firmly' in his haiids,'' he-took 'tf. abort run, .sprang into the air, and- the next moment the neighbourhood was : alarmed ' by the sounds of the sbrovbeU-' \ \ , 1 ; I In a fowseconds the fiouse was filled with shonta and ;OTes of people running up and down stairs ; still Jack palled «t the 'rope) the gatden onnd tH«; honse became ' cfowded '. with form ser vants ; "Still Jadc26eut:-.farth the deep note of the aUrindfoff Afoi only )gave upr 'when Mr, Thornicroft; followed by the gardener and bis other servants, came into the tower to find who it was that had given them such seasonable -warning of danger. Jack's story was soon told, and he learned in ieturn that he had only been just in time; for the thieves had got hold of Mr. Thornicroft, and would un doubtedly have killed him, had it not been for the tolling of the alarm-bell, which so frightened tbem that they turned and fled, bat were captared by the firm servants who had been sum moned by Jack's means Mr. Thornicroft rewarded Jack for his courage ; he sent him to school, and afterwards placed him in business, where, by honesty and industry, he soon accu mulated a fortune ; when he retired iuto the country, attended by his early -friend the gardener, who served in the capacity of steward. Jack adopted for his crest an alarm- bell, with the motto, "I warn when there is danger." ' 