The Great Will Case. FURTHER EXAMINATION OF THE ALLEGED FORGERS. AT the Central Police Court on Wednesday, before Messrs Jolly and Reading, Mrs. Burton, James Mar shall, John Conlon, and Charles John Braithwaite, were brought up on remand for further examination on a charge of forging a certain document purporting to be the willoi the late Robert Hancock, of the Glebe, with intent to defraud. Mr. P. Gannon for the pro secution, Mr. W. Roberts for Marshall, Mr. P. J. M'Carthy for Conlon, and Mr. Joseph Leary appeared for all the prisoners. The following evidence has been taken. George Hincksman, one of the legatees under the first win, deposed to the circumstances under which he laid the information. Thomas Michael Slattery deposed that he was Pro thonotary of the Supreme Court and Curator of Intes tate Estates, and produced a will of the late Robert Hancock, of Bay-street, Glebe, of 4th August, 1870. The estate came into the hands of witness at a date he could not now exactly recollect. The papers relating thereto were filed for probate on the 26th Pebruary, j 1876. He went as curator of intestate estates to a Sublic-house, the Lady of the Lake, Bay-street, Hebe, with Thomas Chapman, his agent, when de ceased was lying in the house. It was believed that Hancock died intestate, and no search was then made for the will. Mr. Thomas Chapman found a box, which was taken to witness's rooms, at the Supreme Court. In the presence of Thomas Read, Mr. Chap man opened the box next day. There was a sealed Sacket therein, purporting to be the will of the said Lobert Hancock, deceased, a deposit receipt for £16,000 on the Bank of New South Wales, a public house license for the Lady of the Lake public-house, Bay-Btreet, Glebe, and other valuable property. The will contained in the packet (produced) was the will spoken of, the will of 4th August 1870, commonly spoken of as the first will. The will was handed to Mr. Thomas Read, solicitor, and probate was sub sequently taken out. Had made an appoint ment with Mr. Thomas Read to be present to witness the opening of the will. Had seen a draft of the will, in which Messrs. M'Cormick and Dwyer were mentioned as. executors. Witness on this occa sion was set in motion by Mr. Thomas Read. He (witness) thought he had seen Mr. Thomas Read before this on the subject of the will. Mr. Hatton, he thought, had told witness that he had drawn a will, but he was not quite clear whether it was Mr. Hatton or Mr. Read. The papers were finally lodged in April, 1S76, and probate was granted on the 12th April, 1876, the same day to Mr. Thomas Read, as solicitor, to Mr. John Cecil Read, with power for Messrs. M'Cormick and Dwyer to come in if they thought proper. No caveat was lodged against this will ; if so, letters of probate could not have been granted. Mr. Slattery also produced another docu ment, purporting to be a second will of the late Bobert Hancock, deceased. It was dated the 1st November, 1875, and an application was made for letters of probate therein. A citation was thereupon issued to bring in the> first probate, with a view of having steps taken for its cancellation, and upon this an ecclesiastical suit was founded. The application under the second will was made by Mr. J. C. Read and Mr. W. Hammett, baker, of the Glebe, by Mr. Tbomas Read as solicitor to the executor. The documents, after being initialed by Mr. Stuart, the Clerk of the Court, were returned to Mr. Slattery (as a suit was pending in the Supreme Court), on the understanding that they would be produced when called for. Mr. John Cecil Read deposed that he was Gover nor of H. M. Gaol at Darlinghurst. He knew the late Robert Hancock well. He had known him for twenty years. In the beginning of March, 1876, probably about the 1st or 3rd, after Hancock's funeral, who was buried on the 29th Eebruaiy, he saw a draft of the will first produced. This was before he saw the original. It was left at his own residence by one of his sons, who said his name was mentioned, and that he (witness) should take some steps to give effect to tho will. He accordingly, after the funeral, put a man in charge of the property, and placed it in the hands of the Curator of Intestate Estates. The Curator's assistant, Mr. Chapman, found a box con taining a will, in which witness was interested. Wit ness, therefore, gave all: instructions that wero necea sary to get probate of the will. Before probate was obtained-a few hours, in fact, before probate was granted-namely, on the 18th April, ne saw the prisoner Marshall, who called upon him at his quarters at Darlinahurst. Marshall told him that he was a clerk and had been intimately acquainted with thc late Bobert Hancock, that he had done a great deal of writing for deceased from time to time, and that about six months previous to death of deceased had made' out a draft of a will for him, leaving blanks in the body of the draft so that Hancock could fill them up himself. Witness asked Marshall why he had not brought the will forward sooner as probate was ap plied for under the will of 1S70 ? Marshall said he did not care about that ; and further stated that, a few days after his writing out this draft and his giving it to Hancock, deceased gave Marshall a sealed packet, saying " Take care of that, Jemmy ; if anything hap pens to be, it is only to be opened in the presence of Mr. John Bead, senior, of Darlinghurst Gaol." Witness asked him why ho did not give up the packet ? he replied, it was at his office in George-street, near the Post Office. Witness offered to take a cab and proceed thither, but Mar shall said he had an engagement at Waverley, but would call again, probably between six and seven that evening. He did not keep the appointment, and witness wrote to his son on the matter. The next evening, namely, 19th April, be saw Marshall and his son on the Randwick road in a cab. They were looking for witness, and he went -with them to a lawyer's office in Elizabeth-street, where Marshall opened a drawer without a lock and pointed out the parcel. The packet was sealed and directed to be opened by me. Witness opened it in tho presence of witnesses, after which the lawyer, who said he was acting for Marshall, declined to give it up excepting witness brought up Mr. Hammett, the other executor and the legatees named in that (commonly called the second) will, which he now identified. Witness got a hst of the legatees in pencil. That was on the morning of the 20th April. Witness got the legatees together on the next day, when the will was again read. Witness renewed his application for the will, when Marshall, with a grimace, amounting to more than a laugh, said he did not know that he should be justified in doing so. Mr. Brennan, the lawyer spoken of, ultimately gave up the will, but he charged about £11 for it. After a lengthened cross-examination, during which Mr. Read stated that he sealed the box after Han cock's death, and did not afterwards see the seal broken, and that he had never seen Marshall since the ghost story, the witness James was put into the box, and swore that he had been an attesting witness to the second will, and that the signature " Robert Hancock," was a forgery, and his former evidence given at the Supreme Court was false. John J ames, of SuBsex-street, formerly carrying on business at Holterman's Hotel, Abercrombie-street, was recalled, and deposed that he had known Mar shall for about eighteen months. Last March twelve months Marshall came to his place, and, introducing a portrait, said, "Who's portrait is that?" Witness said it was his own, and asked where Marshall got it from ; he said it did not matter. That photograph was wrapped up for £2000 in a will. They got joking about it j and witness asked him who had left him the money. Marshall rejoined, " Never mind old man, you can have £4000 if you will sign a paper." He subsequently stated that he meant Hancock's will ; and added that himself and other persons were conspiring to make a second will. Witness objected to sign the paper. He went away. Conlon came with him a day or two afterwards. Conlon said it would be all right-I should be sure to get £4000. Witness said he would not sign it for the whole estate. A general conversation took place as to what they would get from the will. Saw Marshall alone several times afterwards. About a week before the will was opened by Mr. Read, Marshall came again, and witness consented to sign it. Marshall asked deponent if he could get another witness. He replied, he did not think he could. During the time he saw Marshall again, did speak to a man about it. That man was not here. Next time he saw Marshall t"ld him he had a man that would go as witness. Marshall said, "All right, old man; I've got one." Thir was anight or two before Mr. Read opened the will. He would not swear, but he thought it was on the 19th April ; but Marshall had been to see Mr. Read on that day. He again saw Marshall, who brought Braithwaite with him, and the will (the second will) was produced, and Marshall said he had to send it in the next day. Braithwaite was pretty,, nigh drunk at that time. Previous to.this interview Marshall had introduced a paper to me, during that week. The paper was produced after I consented to sign it. (Paper identified.) He objected to his own name and Braithwaite's being placed in tbe will, said it would look suspicious. He said "All right all cove, I'll take mine out and Braithwaite's too. He ran a pencil through the names, but he put them after all in the will. He took the paper (the draft will) away, and returned again next morning with two documents. (To Mr. Leary : That document, the draft produced, was exactly in the same condition as it is now.) The erasures were made in my presence. (Second document identified.) Both documents had blanks in them. The second had a mis take in it, and this rendered it necessary for a copy. Braithwaite was with him. The blanks were filled in in the document in witness's presence, and Braithwaite's presence also, and after the EVENING NEWS copy had appeared, and from which the amounts were taken. The signature of Robert Hancock was there when Marshall brought the paper. That signa ture was not signed in my presence, but Marshall showed me how he did it. Marshall told me that he got a bill from Mrs. Burton with Hancock's signa ture to it. He put it up to a light, and traced the signa ture on the will. The copy was filled in a day or two after the will was signed in witness's bar parlour. Marshall told him he was to have £4000 and gave him a promissory note for £1000. (Promissory note produced and identified). He filled up another and took it away. He brought it back with the sig nature of Mary Ann Burton. He was about an hour away. He stated where it was payable, and the line was filled up about a fortnight afterwards. After the note was signed saw Conlan and Braithwaite often at his house, but did not see Mrs. Burton till the trial. Had no conversation with Mrs. Burton about the note, but had some talk with her aa to the witnesses to be called on the new trial. She called for a paper after the trial her son's indentures-Mt by Marshall. These in dentures had been used by Marshall to copy the signa ture on one of the instruments produced. She said Marshall was a d-d fool and Bhould never try to take signatures any more. Witness gave her the in denture. She had a glass of porter and went her way home. Saw three of the defendants once or twice before to arrange what to say. Had seen the four defendants one evening together after the trial. Mrs. Burton said a man named Ellis, an engineer on the Glebe, was going to give evidence at the next trial concerning what he had heard Han cock say in refereuce to her. The conversation was. so general that ho could not remember it all, but it was about money matters. She said "As true as the stars you and Braithwaite will get your money" (£4000). Had spoken to Marshall about a bond for tao money. Told him that things looked a little crooked, and he . did not wish to commit perjury any more. Marshall said he would bringa bond down, but he did not do so, Was up at Mr. Hammett's, the other executor named in the will, with Marshall. Told Marshall, from something he had seen in the posses sion of Mr. Hammett, that he (Marshall) had made his money, with the exception of £400 transferred to him, out of the concern. Marshall said that was nothing ; he could alter that any day. This took place about three months ago. Saw Mar shall, Braithwaite, and Mrs. Burton at the house he was now occupying in Sussex-street on several occasions. That house belonged to the estate of Hancock. Witness was put into it by Mr. Reynolds, but he paid rent for it. Had repeated conversations about the will and the bond. Mrs. Burton supplied witness with firewood, but he had no money to pay her with. She never charged him with it. Braith waite boarded with witness for several months. Never knew Marshall to have an office, and had never been ia one belonging to him. Had seen Conlan at his place in Abercrombie-street, both before and after the trial. Witness said to Conlon "What about my £4000?" Hundreds of times Conlon said " That's all right." Never was at Conlon's house, and did not know where he lived. In the course of the examination witness stated that the documents produced were kept by him in his cash box, and that they had been given to him by Marshall . while the trial was proceeding, as he (Marshall) was afraid hi« house might bo searched. His photograph had never been taken by any one in the colony, except Mr, Ross at the Haymarket. Marshall copied the signa ture on the will by means of the indenture. Mr. Thomas John Chapman, agent for the curator of intestate estates, knew the residence of the late Robert Hancock. Went there when he got judge's order about February 28, 1876, to take charge of the effects. The body was not interred. Saw a tin box containing papers. Opened it in a parlour off the bar in the presence of five or six persons. Saw a small box inside the large one. Collected all the papers in the large box, and put them in the little one. The boxes werolocked, and the man in the bar called out to Mrs. Burton, and asked her where the keys were. She said they were on one of the drawers, and the keys were there and the boxes were then opened. Mr. Slattery asked MrB. Burton if any will had been made by Hancock. She said " she did not know." The box as locked was sealed and taken to the curator's office. Witness saw the will taken out of the box. To Mr. Leary : Could not say whether tho will was in the little or in the big box. The papers were all mixed together. Mr. Read told me he had been there the night that Hancock died. Was aware a seal had been placed on the box by Mr. Read. When witness went to the house the seal had been broken off. Mr. Martin, Mrs. Burton, and Hancock, and one or two others, were present when tho box was opened. Could not identify Mr. Hincksman as being present. The seal must have been over the key-hole at the side of the box, connected by a tape with a seal on the top of the box. The seal over the key-hole was the one that was broken of. At this stase the hearing was adjourned to Friday morning at 10 o'clock. I The P. and O. Company's steamship Avoca, on her late trip from Sydney, was exposed (says the AGE) to more than the usual amount of peril generaUy met with, and had it not been for the excellent look-out kept, the consequence might have been so serious as to have resulted in the total loss of the ship. It appears that during the gale that raged sb furiously on Sunday night, a dense body of water was ob served coming down towards the vessel, and on nearer approach was made out to be a waterspout, preceded by a whirlwind. The helm of the vessel was at once shifted, and the ship's course altered two points, thereby avoiding the peril that must have accrued if it passed over. In the houses that I visited in the Chinese quarter, not a hundred miles from the Argyle Cut (remarks one of our reporters),the stench and filth was well nigh stifling, and the manner in which the occu Eant slept was simply shameful. At a number of ouses in a street to the left, you will find several occupied by Chinamen, and, strange to say, colonial young women. All are said to be married ; at any rate there are children, and the way in which they are huddled together certainly requires looking into. 'Tis most pitiable to see the unfortuuate children. What is their future. In the front room downstairs one family, numbering man, wife, and four children, reside, a couple of goats adding to the lively crew. At the back, tho room is occupied by four half-breds. Before ascending upstairs, just look into the back yard, and a Btate of affairs can be witnessed that baffles description. Filth of all sorta (it is needless to dilate) lies about, and whether it is that there is no drainage, or that the drains are choked, I cannot say, but the smell is disgusting. On the first floor of the house, in the front room, a family numbering five take up their abode, and as if it were to keep themselves comfortable, a couple of large cats find a resting place with them. A very small room at the back is rented by a young couple, and may be said to be the most respectable of the lot. On the top story, nothing could be worse than it is. I had to stifle my sense of smell, and although only about a couple of minutes on this landing, I could easily find out that nö less than thirteen human beings found accommodation in that small space. A pestilence would find a splendid field here. Next door is a den of wickedness, and mortifying to Btate those who have been laid astray are of a very young age. When I looked in, an awful row and fight was going on, and not caring to be knocked down, I quickly left for a house a little further in, at which a concert was to be held. Of all the dismal affairs that ever came within my notice this certainly carried off the palm^ Every night "Johnny " comes here, and with a liking for a night's amusement, sits himself down on a plank in a miserable room to listen to a strain of music, that, to me, resembled an attempted duet between a donkey and a black beatle. The amuse ment was entertaining in a certain sense, but the movements were so flammergasting that half-an-hour thoroughly satisfied me, and finding the order of tho evening was the smoldngof opium, I left. Approach ing midnight, I came walking down Callow B Hill, and as a finish strolled into a wood-yard dose by. Nothing of any moment attracted my attention, but a dance through the door of a wooden houHO at the back revealed a family of Chinamen huddled together in a manner altogether against a sense of decency. There was evident proof that China Town was fully occupied. This is of course the black side of the picture, but in the region I visited it was impossible to find any other. The miserable wages paid to those who will work is cer tainly not sufficient for a Britisher to live on ; but "Johnny" has a knack, somehow, of being able to Biirvive where an Englishman would starve. One fact is certain, that at the preßeut moment the affairs in the lower circles is most degrading, and should at once receive municipal attention,] 