MISCELLANEOUS. The English Cemetery at Scutari. GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALO, writing to 'The Illustrated London News, says :--"The bodies of some 8000 Englishmen moulder peacefully in this (Scutari) graveyard. I fancy that the remembrance of their deaths might moderate the frenzyof the politicians who seem bent on hounding England on to a fresh war with Russia. Surely those politicians must be mainly young men, or they must have very short memories. I remember the episodes of the Crimean war as though they had happened yesterday, for then, as now, 1 was earninug my daily bread by literature and journalism, and the war brought me every day fresh materials for my pen. I was within an ace in 18356 of going to Sebastopol, but I went to Russia instead. Can you not recall, you who are middle-aged, and whose memories are good, those two miserable years between the fight at the Alma and the fall of the M'alakosl ! Do you remember the Ghost's Derby day in 1855? Do you remember when, on the cliff at Brighton and the Marine at St. Leonards, you could scarcely walk ten paces without meeting groups of ladies and children clad in the deepest mourning for their fathers, husbands, brothers, sweet hearts, slain in that wretched Cliersonese, or who had sickened and died in the cheer. less wards of the Seutari Hospital? Are we to have those years of private agony and bereavement, of public blundering and mis. management, over again ? I suppose so; glory is a very fine things. [' am only a pekin, a civilian, and I knows,nothing about glory; but I confess that my blood grows cold, and that my heart sickens when I hear politicians pertly prating about the ' arbitrament of the sword,' and ' war clear ing the atmosphere,' and so forth. I never met glory yet, and I don't know what he or she is like; but I have met War face to face half-a.dozen times in as many countries. I have looked into the whites, or rather the crimsons of his eyes, and I have gazed upon the Sisters who follow him wheresoever he goes. They are three sisters, and their Snames are ' Rapine.' and 'Disease,' and ' Death.' This is, of course, a miserably craven and spiritless way of looking at war. I cannot help it. I have seen only War's madness and wilckedness, its foulness and squalor. To me it has represented nothing but robbery and profligacy, but famine and slaughter; andl can but think that if the warlike politicians were to witness just half.an-bour of actual warfare as I have witnessed it in America, in Italy, in Mexico, in France, in Spain,, their martial ardour would cool down a little, and they would not be quite so prompt to blow the belli cose trumpet." 