Coinrixeroial. COURIER Office, Saturday Evening. THE Customs revenue collected at the port of Brisbane to-day amounted to 317 is. 2d, The S M. Herald of Tuesday last says The news from Europe published yesterday has caused some excitement in breadstuffs Sales of wheat were in side it 7 for Adelaide, and MO lit ml of a refusal later ill too ill) to place a parcel millers '11 At profit the iiidicitions.iru m f ii r of this upward movement being niiiiiiUiiii.il Here is also trained, with sales up to jolt his , mill is fully men asked In other in. payment of trust time has been more engine for trade supplies, an I country orders are coming to hand a little more freely IJianiliLd no little, nail holders of inso are din council to accept a slight dululu lights are bte till the lee of produce market has ate all bales of maize it is ell to K o item li is quoted it as you. to CO 106 , lucerne, 6 10s to the KIL , cheese, had to Had , Brocoli, 3d told , Warra millet! potatoes, L Hw to be the stock mail line in market opened to d n Mithullrm tons 11 ink stock in inland, and some sales effect ted at improved prices Citi uno done at 03, Joint block at 11, Not the ii of Queensland at 12 Messrs. Mort and Co Sydney, in their monthly circular, dated Saturday last, report - Wool -Latest telegrams inform in that the London voluntary Hales closed on the 20th March without having tion, and that, general trade being stud disfigure, the future of the market is w uncertain Of the 20,000 biles eat rescued the bulk or about two thirds, was in grease The reduction esUblishc 1 is stated to be equal to 123 to nil per lb on ^noiuborntCH, Shield, training, it will be iclucliibcictl, showed very high average values The greatest decline occurred in inferior and faulty wools, and cannot be regarded as an absolute full to the extent stated on tho value of the people, so much as a readjustment of comparative values taking former condition into account Rather more than one half of the wool sold a is taken for export, and taking 40,000 hides are dull one for next series The necessity to withdraw a , 1 ago a queen it) must, no doubt, to some extent be reunited lies ill item of Me chances III tile dom mill, but, on the other hand, is of choice of the confidence of those c recorded in the stability of the market, mt I of in anticipation of an plums paces further on The next sales e nummee on May 3, and it is estimated that nearly m train Mill lunch hour Jill,ODO bales. We cannot report any in Hill is also item on this side at the latest sales there h is been even disposition to do business it I can quite c put to Mint might have been expected in view of the reported condition of the r.ii|,lish market The qualm generally has been indifferent, and many of the use washed lots in very dusty conditions to fulfil condi- tioned lines of god stapled mudie.) Hie. e the competition has Ken Len active, and all null lines have Ix en umpires lied We regret to lillie noticed the evidence this action, in a number of instances, of a great want of care in the p ticking of the wool sent to this man but no dis rum nation apparently in such cases having been ox. raised in regard to the quality and condition of the fleeces, good and his being picked in the same bale- l proceeding which MO need li and) six) ounces MI) greatly against MOolsno heart and destroys all considered in the bidding in other i es s we have noticed merino and crossbred fleeces freely mixed together and although each d. M np tion Mould if itself ensure t nil) while, the winner, of the fleece lines unit used for a unit, roll) 11,1111,1 i farm Moncreiff in the Helping Went me to go into thin matter more fully it in inch date but in the quantities) think it Mill to refer to the lil itter hero inception from the colony) to date include 1758.' bird, or o|S7 loans in excess of tori-usiHinding shipments to 11 nail or twelve best vein Sheepskins have sold a wish through out the. mouth, and it pines equal to those previously current the bulk of those for ml More of on plant growth, but still) full fleeced skins Mile cloth competed for (Jin sales fresh in the follow his, ] edge of v lines -Medium to sell gnIMn, led to add pelts and short, woolled led to the corner, VJd to 10d per lb tallow 1 rich sized parcels of b 7th Wf and mutton have met and) wife, and small I its of mixed quality only sat till 1 fu ha d ministering June 1911 been a still etc and this is a suit me in in of prime must in suitable for candles, and mi) small 1 its of the iii selection offered have met return manipulator Weilllotc -beef, fair to (come, LU till further, L'H In I II 105 arrived, £10 to Lil find much it, 2-6 to LET ME ton Hides hue soil len fall true ghost but the market his not IMJOII with us MOI timber unions, island) during the Easter lion while Will 1 opinions I lots, medium nine l weights, have Ixxiii limit in annual, auditions pi ice I 1 huge number ntqtiotitloii«, 11 - Medium t in 111 will d, bid to 4d , light 11111 in led to 11d inferior, JJd to Id 11th close hides, if carefully planned and well cured realise from 5s to 7s for best and 'i id t, Is 6d each for c m I am not), but bulli 1911 he had lots are not III claimed leather -soles! cood t mince hash 11 n Hills quitted, 111 Thrussell a car hill e when a motor dealt in., but n without my written mt dur mines III paid s Vii i|iu.l«-»ili, so to put him M, lead t and kip, 1 lil t II Jil to turn, Bill to "lil llilMiilllto, 2d to Jill and other sorts at about propose, "are mined The Melbourne Argus of Saturday List was. ~ Marie is still alive and the lo wales football, to be made at 4, Mining meet with quite 1111 being no demand but as III mint UW 1 holders June 12 am. all Still III their unions, to and form have not been in use in almost Hu udiic.si,comdin telegs nun uii.Miiiiritlii» id, Vlitt.iuuld not possibly beiiioiefuoiublciiniliiiin man is butter tone has been imparted to the at last iii e UKOquuico, find quite leocsUllllg to hold a Berlin TITMUS link us till llelequotedul»-!, Jlllull UlKtlU 1 as I', Hun will be lit 500, and almost Mine it 41 In our own 111111 ki I 1000 his Miners 1l11n4.il h units in the, tim null ii rang out an entire imputing line Hops in mining at is 11d lots sd for lu.iiiiiniuu 77 2, Mr |lm kilts hlllllK hull diffused of 111 pullets it OUT quo in um 1 1 must pin el of him bus at 1 In It quite, d, in mind turns M.liliiilitlliiliitontliu, t art still a shipment of xiii 12 s uri, Iron has been sold at, mills in LJ I part of fun in), MHO has been quite. 4 at the, 1 for S S soil ment is 1 um In mind), a m', unit. 1 he is now taken the truth in the House Homing chiefly in the 1 le -silos of Venus tens tobacco in upon us for export to some extent in this, the quit ( turn of all pullets, lay Catherine Minehan, is the only feature Is Due to be held MILS realised Of the men kit for live stock, Messrs R. Gibson and Co , under date April 11, report I at Cattle -About line) had Lame finnan) till milk to most the union. most of the time, the great in those yarded being rather better quality) than usual, and, I contrary to expectations, sold at an SIR Since of from 10s, to 12s 6d per head over late rates, The rise being in doubt attributable to the termination of Lent and the weather being more favourable for the consumption of beef We quote- Best beef to 6d per 100 Hw 1 it Sheep -14, 300 forward, chiefly medium to fair quality, with only a few really pi nee crossbreds from the western district Silica were brisk throughout, at prices from 6d to 4s per head in advance of last week's cur longer We quote best merino wethers, 14s. to 18s., seconds, 14s to 15s , others, 7s 6d upwards, best merino ewes, 9s to 10s , seconds, 7s to 9s others, -5s upwards. best crossbred wethers, 18s. to 19s., extra 20s 6d to 21s 6d , good, 15s, to 17s seconds, 12s to 14s , others, 10s upwards store stock a considerable advance in the value of sheep has taken place in Ki\ erina since our last, caused easily by the demand from the outlying districts, where they have had abundance of rain In\ictorm, priced are unaltered, with very few sales taking place We quote best we thorn in the urine, 7s to 8s. ditto ewes in lamb, SA. to 10s. Extra good lots could be placed at much higher figures Quotations for Victorian lots, 1s. to 2s. per head lower. 