Literature The Storyteller. Found at Last. BY JEFF CRAMER. PART I. MR. HACKWORTH BATLEY sat in his sanctum, despair in his heart, and thirty-six shillings in his pocket. Listlessly he jingled the whole of his available capital, and vacantly he gazed at the pile of letters that lay on the table. To judge from the appearance of H.B., he was in state of collapse, as for about half an hour he had remained in the same position, mechanically repeating the jingling process. Rising at last, he opened the letters. Judging from the portion of their con- tnts containing printed matter, they appeared to be tradesmen's bills, and the contemptuous style of his disposing of the same as he extri- cated from their covering, glanced at their contents, then threw them behind the fire, war- the above supposition. " There is no mistake," soliloquised Mr Batley, " things are getting very hot. ' Come like shadows, so depart,' " he said aloud, throwing the last enclosure into the fire ; " and if things don't alter H.B. will shortly be amongst the de- parted." And seating himself in an armchair he again resumed jingling operations, and once more became absorbed in thought. Mr Hackworth Batley was the sole lessee of the—well, we'll call it the Royal Theatre, Sand- bourne. My reason for not giving names and places arises from the fact that there are many old residents in the colonies who will be able to recall most of the incidents in this ow're true story, and the mention of the parties connected with it will be unnecessary. Mr Hackworth Batley, as I said before, was sole lessee of the above place of amusement, and for the last six months it had been a losing spec. The stock company had been on half salaries for the last two months,—at least they were supposed to have been receiving it. This true history com- pels me to state the melancholy fact that the amount received by each member did not exceed a fifth of their original stipend as per agree- ment ; as a consequence, his original company, which had been a very good one, had become shorn of its principal attractions by the defection of nearly all of those who had any pretensions to talent, their places being filled by amateur as- pirants for histrionic fame. Business, as a matter of course, did not improve with the ad- vent of these sucking G.V.Brookes ; and at the time I start this story, H.Batley Esq., goaded to madness by unsympathetic tradesmen and other malign influences, had under his serious considerationthe choice of two courses—flight or bankrupcy. " Confound it," exclaimed Batley, rising and pacing the room rapidly, " it's enough to drive a man to the Yarra Bend ; I never saw such luck in my life. I've tried everything : Shaksperian revivals, genteel comedy, operas and as for leg pieces—why, my account for false calves alone was enough to have started a small company on a provincial tour. There is no public spirit. Time was when half a dozen pretty girls, with well developed understandings, used to fill the stalls. I begin to think that all taste is dead, and nothing is left for me but to seek in some foreign lands the fame and lucre I can no longer command in this"—— He was interrupted by a knock at the door, which opened immediately after the knock, ad- mitting a lady, who, without any ceremony, seated herself in the armchair and looked up into Batley's face, as if waiting for him to commence the conversation. " What do you want ?" said Batley after a pause. " Money," replied the lady, folding her arms and looking defiantly at the manager. " This is no time to ask for money," said Batley with a managerial scowl. Monday is treasury day ; see me then." " To be put off with a paltry thirty shillings or or two pounds. No thanks ; I'm about full of that. We have just had a meeting in the green- room and we have decided—'No pay, no play ;' " and the lady who was the soubrette of the com- pany, made her feet execute a pit-a-pat on the floor— a kind of ' hear hear' accompaniment to the above determination. " But my dear woman," said Batley implor- ingly, " there isn't two pounds in the treasury. This piece we play tonight, will, I believe, knock the public as high as a kite ; we shall have crowded houses after the first performance. Why your part alone, with your song and dance, is bound to have them. There's been nothing like it since I've had the theatre. I put it up on pur- pose for you." " I don't care," said the lady, keeping up the pit-a-pat. " My landlord gave me a week's notice to leave his house. I haven't got any tea, sugar or meat in the cupboard ; and I want a new pair of boots to play the part in." " Look here Lucy," said Batley putting his hand on her shoulder. " Do be reasonable. God knows I pay as far as I can. Here's a pound ; do the best you can with it, and keep the people square for the week. Something tells me this piece is going to be a success. Now do, there's a good girl," continued Batley,—observing a dis- position on her part to refuse the proffered silver. —" I haven't been a bad friend to you ; I may be a better one yet," and partly coaxing, partly pushing, he succeeded in getting her out of the room. " All over," said Mr Batley ; " down with the curtain. Exit H. Batley Esq., followed by the execration of his creditors and a sheriff's officer. I don't believe Lucy will be able to pacify those greedy wretches ; if she doesn't I won't have enough money to take me away from here. I must see the week out—— Hallo ! What the devil do you want ?" he shouted as a small boy —who did duty as general factotum—poked his head in at the door. " If you please," said the small boy depreca- tingly," here's a letter." " Drop it," said Batley fiercely, and dropping the letter the boy disappeared. Batley eyed the letter suspiciously as it lay on the floor, saying, " Another polite invitation from one of my numerous friends to call and see him, I suppose. No, it is from a lady," he continued, taking it up and scanning the superscription. " One of my company asking for an increase in salary, I expect," and he laughed whilst opening the envelope. " What's this !—' Sir,—I take the liberty of asking an interview with you today at twelve o'clock. If we can come to terms, I believe it will be mutually advantageous. As I cannot explain within the limits of a letter my reason for soliciting an interview, I shall do myself the pleasure of waiting on you as above.—Emily Merton.' Rather mysterious," said Batley, read- ing it over again. " Another blushing aspirant for colonial fame. They seem to take my theatre for a kind of benevolent asylum. I wish she had been more explicit. " Mutually advantage- ous ;' they all think that. There isn't one of all the duffers I've engaged lately that doesn't think him or herself a star of the first water, and blame the public for their non-appreciation of their superhuman abilities. There are at least two-thirds of my present company that are not fit to carry on a banner in a penny gaff ; and I'll take a very small amount of odds there is not a lady amongst them that wouldn't go on for Lady Macbeth, and not a man who doesn't think he can play Othello better than G. V. Brooke." " If you please, sir," said the small boy; re-ap- pearing, " there's a lady as wants to see yer." " Show her up, you young rascal," said Batley. The boy disappeared, and Batley, shoving his fingers through his hair in a vain endeavour to spread out and show his limited stock of that article to advantage, sat rigidly in his solitary arm chair and put on his managerial and most impressive countenance. The boy returned, ushering in a lady. A thick veil covered a portion of her face, preventing Batley from seeing it. She appeared slightly nervous, so Batley, by way of commencing the conversation, said, " Miss Merton, I presume ; may I offer you a chair." She bowed and seated herself. " I owe you an apology," she said, lifting her veil, " for taking up your valuable time ; but, as I stated in my note, an interview will do more to facilitate matters than a letter. I hope you will accept that as an excuse for me troubling you." " My dear madam," replied Batley, who was struck by her ladylike appearance and her really beautiful face, " you can command me. My time certainly is very, valuable (it's the only thing I've got, he thought to himself) ; so now, madam, if you have no objection, we will go to business. Your object in calling on me was "—— " To make an appearance in public under your auspices." " You have played before, I presume," said Batley. " Never publicly," said the lady, sweetly, " but in private theatricals I was considered very good." Batley groaned inwardly. " Another of them," he thought. " It's astonishing the amount of floating talent there is in the colony. If friends' opinions only represented so much hard cash, there could be enough raised to pay off the rail- way loan." Then turning to her he said gravely, " About your talent there can be but one opinion, judging from your personal appearance "—the lady bowed ; " but there is at certain amount of mechanical routine that can only be obtained by practice. Without previous knowledge of this, success is almost impossible." " Precisely," said the lady; " hence my desire for this interview. I want you to teach me my business." " Madam, I will be frank with you : it is my intention to close the theatre at the end of the week. You see (forcing a laugh), empty benches don't fill the treasury, and actors, like common people, must eat and drink. I should only be too happy to be of any assistance to you in my theatrical capacity, but pecuniary considerations prevent me offering my services ;" and Batley leaned back in his chair with the air of a man who considered the interview over. " Supposing," said the lady, " I am willing to pay for any instruction I may get. How much money would it take to keep the theatre open till I should be able to make my first appear- ance ?" Batley mused a moment or two while he men- tally gauged the amount he was likely to obtain, then said slowly, " With one hundred pounds and my financial ability I could keep the theatre open for three months." " If I am willing to put three hundred into the concern are you willing to sign an agreement that has reference to my appearance under your auspices ?" " Three hundred !" said Batley, gasping. " Three hundred ! My dear lady, I'll sign anything. Is this to be a cash transaction," he con- tinued, with a cunning look, " or is the three hundred contingent on your success ?" For reply the lady took from her pocket a purse, Batley's eyes greedily following her move- ments. Opening her purse and taking from it ten crisp ten-pound notes she placed them in front of Batley, who gazed on them as if fasci- nated. " There," said she, " there is one hun- dred pounds on account ; the remainder you may have as my education progresses. Please give me a receipt for the money, stating at the same time the purpose for which you received it ; also, in the event of my being successful, the terms you are willing to give me." Batley's hand grasped the notes, which were soon transferred to his pocket. They seemed to make quite a new man of him, and he appeared in his true managerial form—impressive, polite, and business-like. " Quite right, madam," said he, drawing a sheet of paper towards him and writing rapidly, " there is nothing like having everything in busi- ness form." A pause of a few minutes took place, which the lady employed by putting her purse in her pocket and Mr. Batley in writing. " There," said he, handing her the paper. " I have given you receipt for the money, pledged myself to instruct you in the profession, and agreed to share with you all profits made during your engagement to me. In return for this, you must give me the option of retaining your services for two years on the same terms." " With pleasure," replied the lady, " I only hope my money and services may help to revive the fortunes of your theatre." " I have no doubt of it," said Batley, who by this time had again become the shrewd fellow he used to before a continually empty treasury had crushed all his hopes and aspiration. " Let me see ; it's a pity you could not go for a trip to the States ; it's easy enough to come from there with a reputation. You would only have to appear in some backwoods settlement, with a population of about twenty-six inhabitants. You could then come back here as the Nevada Ruby or the Arkansas Humming Bird, and success would be assured. True, the public ought to be full of Californian diamonds, and such-like spuri- ous gems. We've had some very rough ones come over lately ; but somehow or other wood- cuts about ten feet high seem better able to fill a house than all the legitimate talent put to- gether. You leave everything to me and I'll make you the biggest success that has been known for years, that is, if you're the woman I take you for. Three hundred pounds,"—and here he slapped his pocket gleefully ; —you need not have any fear of your success, if my opinion is worth anything." " I do not know anyone more capable of judg- ing," replied the lady, laughing. " However, I am in your hands, and I think you will find, me an apt pupil. If the public will endorse your opinion, everything will be quite satisfactory. And now I must go," she continued ; " here is my address. I shall expect you tomorrow." And rising from her chair, she handed him an envelope and opened the door. " Madam, I have the honour of wishing you good day," said Batley, bowing with the grace only to be attained by an actor after long prac- tice. " You can depend on me for tomorrow ;" and after a smile on the part of the lady, and another elaborate bow from Batley, the lady took her departure. Batley, with chest expanded and his round hairless face showing intense satisfaction with himself, waited till the lady was clear of the theatre, and then shouted in his pompous tones, " Boy !" and the boy appeared, saying — " Did you call, sir ?" " Did I call, sir. Yes, sir, I did call, sir. Are the ladies and gentlemen at rehearsal ?" " Yes, sir," answered the boy, who held the door in one hand, ready to make a dart in the event of any hostile demonstration on the part of Batley—an event of frequent occurrence. " Well, go and tell them the ghost will walk in half an hour. I shall expect to see them in my room ; and here"—putting his hand in his pocket he pulled out some silver—"here—here's three shillings for you. Don't go and make a beast of yourself ; and putting the silver in the boy's hand he bundled him outside the door. Then seating himself in his chair, a smile of in- effable benignity spread over his countenance, and he muttered, " H.B., redivivus." [TO BE CONCLUDED IN FOUR CHAPTERS.] 