A VILLAINOUS CASE. {London Weekly Times.) Richard Watson, 51, a clerk in'-. Holy Orders, ?who pleaded guilty at the last sessions to" an in dictment for feloniously sending a letter demand ing, with menaces, the sum of £200, was brought up, before Mr. Justice Lush, on Wednesday, for judgment. Mr. Seymour, addressing his lordship, said the prisoner, who was stated to be a clergyman of the Church of England, had recently carried on business as an ecclesiastical agent under an assumed name. In the year 1855 he married the sister of the prosecutrix, who was herself the daughter of a country vicar ; and in 1864, his wife being still alive, he seduced the prosecutrix, who had a child by him, and from whom, for many years, he had obtained large sums of money under the threat of exposing the shame of which he himself was the author. The mother of the prosecutrix died in March last, and she became entitled to some money, when the prisoner committed himself by writing the letter on which he was indicted. The letter, which was read by the learned counsel, after, making monetary claims against the lady's father, which was stated to have no foundation, threatened that unless within a week's time she provided him with £200, the whole story should be placed before her father. The letter enclosed a certificate of the birth of the child, adding that most of the people at Craven terrace, where the child was born, were alive, and well remembered her. The learned counsel commented strongly on the baseness of the prisoner's conduct, and appre hended that this was not an isolated case of his villany. Prom letters found at the prisoner's office, it was to be feared that many young women had become his victims, beguiled by promises in dicated by a form, a copy of which, in the pri soner's handwriting, and signed by some young wo man, wasasfollows: "I, Emily-»takeyouRichard Marsh Watson, from this day forth to be my wed ded husband, and I now swear ever to love you as your faithful, devoted and obedient wife, and to marry you so soon as you are free, and call upon me . to do so ; and in the meantime to live solely and wholly as your true wife, and, forsaking all and every one else, to cleave unto you as long as we both shall live. I, swear this m the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen." Mr. Seymour commented on the case in strong terms, which, he said to his mind, did not present a single mitigating circumstance. Mr; Straight addressed the jury for the defend ant, explaining, in mitigation of punishment, that his health had been for years of a most trying character,and in consequence of disease he had to undergo the amputation of one of his legs. Mr. Straight believed, apart from the state of his health, he had been for a considerable time sub ject to very great pecuniary pressure, and it was under those circumstances he wrote the letter, which was utterly indefensible, and which he nöw bitterly regretted. Later in the day, the prisoner was called up for judgment. Addressing the Court, he said he had not had the means of calling witnesses as to the state of his health, from which he had suffered for many years, and that he had belonged to a family, several members of whom had occupied honorable positions. He concluded by expressing his regret that he had been betrayed into wilting the letter which had been a subject of comment. Mr. Justice Lush, addressing the prisoner, said, he had given the fullest consideration to the case, and he must say it presented an instance of heartless viUany, such as was seldom met with. He did not think he could give the least effect to any excuses which had been used either by the prisoner himself, or his counsel. He had been carrying on for some time a system of demanding money by threats of exposure. In this case he had demanded £200 from his own sister-in-law, whom he had seduced some years ago, and he had threatened that if she did not procure that £200 he would make it known to her family. One could hadly conceive, said the learned Judge, a worso case of the kind ; and, looking at the surrounding circumstances, he could not do less than pass a sentence of twelve yeaiB' penal servitude, 