WHAT HE COST HER.* BY JAMES PATH, Author of " Lost Sir Masilngberd." " At Her Mercy." " Halves," &c.; CHAPTER XXVII. ELLA DOES MOT ENJOY HER NEWSPAPER. If there were no men in the world, it is my belief that women would keep house very differently. They think more of being warm and well-dressed themselves thin of tueir dinners being bo, and, indeed, care little or nothing for eating and dricking. Many of them-though thus is not so universal a fault as some wicked men aver-are downright stingy, and have a _ natural yearning for Baving and cheese-paring; and when a female frienu comes to visit them, will preface their syBtem of economy by the treacherous ob servation, " Well, my dear, I know nothing will please you better than my making no stranger of youand thereupon they put her on short rations. Ella bad none of these notions of retrenchment about her-which are horrible when not dictated by necessity but yet she fell at once into a different way of living, now that .Grade and ehe were alone, from that she had practised with her husband. Their meals were less protracted, but, on the other hand, were very Beldom punctual; they drank little or no wine, but were very extravagant in candlelight, for they would sit up talking in one another's rooms till all wsb blue-or altnost so-that is, till the small hours of the morning. Ella would have taken her to the theatre every night had circumstances admitted of it; but of course Gracie had no desire for amusement at pre sent ; so they talked together all the more. It is but fair to add that they did something else. For three hours every day Gracie pur sued her Btudies in French and German, with the object of fitting herself for that educational calliDg she had in view; and &B; for Ella, she was an omnivorous reader. "There is one great advantage, Gracie, in my dear husband's absence," said she gaily, as tbey Eat down to their first morning's meal together, " that we shall have the newspaper <o ourselves at breakfast; otherwise I never tetasightof it till he is off to the city. I daresay the commissary bides himself behind the broad sheet of The Times just in the same way, BO that you never get a word oat of him." "Papa doesn't take in any newspaper." said Gracie; " he finds them all in the mess anteroom, you know." " I shouldn't like that at all. I should feel lost without my newspaper; You must read all the tit-bits out to me while I make your tea, if you please." " But what do you call the tit-bits ?" in quired Gracie, takiDg up the paper in obedi ence to her friend's directions. "Well, I think I like the accidents and offences beBt," returned Ella, gravely; " especially the offences; not the police reports exactly, though they are very in teresting, in their way; I am not a bit aBhamed of saying I like the police reports." " Oh, Ella!' "My dear, it's all cant and nonsense; a person of intelligence, as I flatter myself I am, may read of anything that happens. I never read wicked books, I hope ; I consider I ought to have a good mark to my credit somewhere for eschewing almost all French novels. I might have read a thousand of them, for no one ever forbade me to do so, when I was a girl, but, having heard upon what I believed to be good authority that moBt French novels are not written for young ladies at all-though, I am sorry to say, some EDgliBh young ladieB seem to be of a different opinion-I always used to ask advice before venturing upon any of them. I can imagine harm being done to the mind by bad fiction; but to shut one's eyes to facts that go on under one's noBe is, in my opinion, weak ness." " But are not some of the facts quite hor rible, Ella?" "Of course they ere; and those are the most delightful. Nobody wants a ship to be wrecked, of oourse; but if it is wrecked, everybody goes down to the Bea side to see ic. Similarly, I disapprove as muchaa you do, I hope, of murders; but when they nave occurred, why should I not get my little en joyment out of them ? I absolutely dote on murders. Come, I believe yon have found one now, and are gloating over it all to you* self, you selfish thing." " No, Indeed, I have not," said Gracie, hur riedly, and, unseen by Ella, changing the direction of her eyes to another part of the sheet. " Well, what are yon reading? What is it that seems to interest you so?" "'The Queen and theprtoceweswalked out this morning on the slopes,'" read Gracie, aloud. " Well, that's not my notion of a titbit* Grade," laughed Ella; "but pray go on. What dress did the Princess Mary wear at the Graves's ball last night ? I beg to say I was asked to that myself, but the claims of friend ship intervened." " Ob, I am so sorry, Ella; I should have been quite content to be left alone." " My dear, I didn't 'care twopence,' as my fatberin-law says, about the ball, especially ub dear Cecil could not have accompanied me." "Have you heard from your husband this morning, darling ?" _ . " No, nor did I expect to do so. He is rather naughty abont writing at all times, <:nd it was only just possible-if it was even that-that he oould have written from Well borough by the evening post; he did not Arrive there until quite late. It is a long way «jff, you know.*' . , .. " Yes! and the line is not direct. He had * The right of republishing " Wbat He Ooat Hot" bis been putchwed by the proprietor Ot " The Aufr> tAlNtta." to change at Pollham, had he not and then at Middletoo, to get on to the branch line." "Why, foo are Bradshato personified, Gracie. " No, you told me about Middleton your* self, and as to PuUham, that is in the paper. Now, don't be frightened, ^riii^^ because there is nothing the matter ; your husband is quite safe; but there has been an accident at Pollham." _ " An acoident f Ella's face had become a picture of horror; it was certain that all kinds of facts were by no meanB welcome to her nor even, as it afterwards appeared, the nar rations of them. " How do you know my husband is safe cried she, " that he is not killed ?" " Because nobody is killed, Ella; and the names of everybody that is hurt are men* tioned. There is nothing very shocking ia the account; you can read it for yourself, darling." " No, no, not I," answered Ella, with a shudder. _ "You are quite sure all the names are mentioned; there is nobody 'unknown,' to whom the most dreadful thing of ail always bsppene." "No, darling; there is nothing of the kind. All the passengers, with the exception of those named in the list, it says, were seat on to Middleton by the next train." "Thank Heaven," said Ella, fervently. "Now, tell me all about it. Not in the newspaper words-it always exaggerates thingB BO horribly-but in your own." " Well, it seems the 40 minutes put 11 train from London " "The very train he went by," murmured Ella; yes, goon." " Well, that arrived at Pullhain in good time, and proceeded on its way; but the train for Middleton was kept waiting there for a certain up train. Ic had to cross the main line it, seems " "How horrible," cried Ella, wringing her hands; " it was cut in two." "No, darling, _ it wasn't that After waiting a long while the station-master tele graphed to the next station to stop the np train, while he sent the branch train down the line to the point of junction, which was some little distance off." " Ah ! I see," cried Ella, like one who is suffering an intense physical pain, "and the message never arrived; so the trains met." "No, darling, that wasn't it, The up train was stopped till the branch train started, after which the former was re leased by another telegram, and oame on. There was plenty of time for the smaller train to have got across out of harm's way, but the pointsman at the junction made a fatal mistake, and turned it on to the main up line; and before it could be stopped the up train ran into it." "How very, very dreadful!" shuddered Ella " Yet it WBB not quite so bad as you wonld think, for the line was fortunately a straight one, and the engineman of the up train saw what was about to happen, and Blackened tpeed. _ However, there were a great many casualties- broken bones and contused faces -but nothing worse; and all the paBsengen that are not in this long list escaped, it says, ' unhurt'" " But why did not Cecil telegraph to ma that he was unhurt ?" "Well, my darling, that may not hava occurred to him. When we are all safe our Belves it does not strike us that others mar have their fears for us. You will, doubtless^ hear by this evening's post" " I shall telegraph at once to Well borough, to make sure," said Ella. She was one of the few women in the world who recognise the practical advantages of the " wire." This was done at once, before breakfast was proceeded with: for which, indeed, the poor hostess had quite lost her appetite. She had gained courage, however, by this time, to peruse the account of the catastrophe herself. " What a brave fellow that must have been, Gracie, who jumped with his young wife oat of the train!" " Yes, it must take a good deal of courage to do that; the poor girl could not have dona it by herself, no doubt. But I think he might have contrived to fall undermost As it was, you see, she got her arm broken, while ha escaped Bcot- free." " He did his best, Gracie, you may be cer tain." " Yes, indeed. I was only joking, in hopes to keep up your spirits, darling; but I think ehe must have loved him very much to con Rent to jump with him from the carriage while it was in motion." " I should jump with Cecil from the Monu ment-if he told me it was the best thing to be done," said Ella. " Ah, that's what comes of marriage, I sup. pose ! For my part, I think I should exercise my own discretion; or, at all events, sea how it went with him before I followed his example." " 1 wonder how long it will take?" said Ella, thoughtfully. " What ? To reach the ground from the top of the Monument ?" "No, no; for that telegraph to get to CeciL" " Well, he may not be there, you know-I mean, at his place of business-when the measuge cornea" " But where can he be else, Gracie ?" " Well, I don't know; there may be a thou sand things that prevent a telegram reaching him immediately. A man is not a magnet, my darling, that he should attract it turn self." In the days to come, Ella often thought of these attempts of Grade's to preserve hoc from anxiety and disappointment from the very first. But, alas 1 not the most loving, care can avert the arm of Fate. Poor Ella, could "settle down" to no occupation that morning; but flitted, like a ghost, from, room to 'room-bat all were rooms that looked towards the street And yet whea, about noon, the telegraph boy knocked a* the door, she waited for the missive to-be. brought np to her, and trembled with appre hensions of she knew not what, and wfciote. only love can suggest. " Why, Gracie, there are two tolirsms 1'' She opened one, and uttered a "brill ory of delight. "Cecil is all safe!" said she. "Ohllasa BO thankful!" "I never had any fears, my darling; hot what does be say T "' I am all eight, dear, though ttm was an accident to the train at Patlham. FoM particulars by post to-day.'M "Is not that just what 1 said, Ella ? He had forgotten the news wonld be in the paper this morning, and not being hart nimself, he did not think it worth while to telegraph." " But there is the other message, not (roes Cecil at alL but from the manager ofth* house M Wellborough. ' I opened jroer , telegram, thinking it might require auirnm*. diate reply. Mr. CecBhaa not yet arrived, bat will do so, he sends word. tUs all*. BOOM. There waa MI to tfertakte. which delayed him, bat he is unhurt' Why. what can tbis mean ? Cecil telegraphs from Wellborongh." "Yes, my dear-but if yon look at tho date, you will probably find it a fe<v minutes later. He innst have arrived jum after the manager had Beat off hia des patch." " No; they are both dated Friday,of course, bnt Cecil's telegram was despatched s few minutes earlier than the other." "Letme look at it, Ella. Ah, I Bee ; the office this came from is at Middleton. H* Bent word from there, yoa see, both to you and the manager." "Bat what business had he at Middleton to-day? The paper says that all the paase ti gers that were unhurt were sent on yesterday by next train." " Well, yon will hear all that to-morrow morning, darling," said Grade, laughing. " The main point is that your husband is none the worse for the collision, and, with that assurance, I do think yoa should be con tent" " But he must have received some seriou9 hurt. Gracie," persisted Ella. "He is not one to be stopped by a triile. If it had been a mere shaking, he would still have bee a taken on, for that could have done him no harm." " Very likely, my dear, it might even h^ve done him 'good,'" laughed Gracie; " ' before taken to be well shaken' is a recommenda tion of the faculty. But I think I know yiur husband well enough to understand that the delay and discomfort at Pullham station wera not at all to his taste. He probably drove into he town and slept at an hoteL' "Then, why did he not telegraph from Pall ham, instead of Middleton V "Nay,my dear Ella, you have now 'tracked eq^gestion to her inmost cell,' so far as I am concerned. To-morrow morning all will be clear as daylight, and in the meantime there is nothing to fear." 