\ TALES AND SKETCHES. | THE GHOSTLY EESTAL. I CBSTXSVtD to smell the flowerr from time to time, for its oddity of perfame bad tVanaterl me. I potted by the boose on the ctosHOid again, bat never cucountBrea tbe old tnn ta the doit, or any other wayfarer. Tt seemed to keep observer* at t dtttener, and I was oarafaT nottograip abort it; one inquirer, I void to myself, may edee lib way into the secret, bat there is no roam for two. At tbe save turn, of conise, I would have been thankful for any dunce sute4igbt Hut mar fall across die matter _ fhongfa E conld not see whence ft w« to H9«V elsewhere, bat u the days paned by without his reappearing, I ceased to expect ft And I reflected that he probably 1M in that neiebbonrbood, tnaemncb as be hei made bi» jnjfrrjfn*p+ to tbe Tacant bouse on foot. If he had come from a diffuse, be would have been sore to arrive, in aome eld deep-hooded eig ?with yeSov whee*..— -« vehieV « venerably grofepgQe as hnneelf. One day I toot a aboil in Mount Auburn cemetery — an institution at that period in its bx&ncr;, aad feli of « eyivm chann which it has now oompletely forfeited. It contained more maple and btrch than willow and eypra-s, sad the deepen had ample elbow mom. B; was not a dty of the dead, but at tbe most * village, and a meditative pedestrian might etaou there wiuiuttt too importunate reminder of tbe giutasqnc- aide of our daims to poetiuxmooa oonnderatKn). I had come oat to emaytiM&st; foretaste of Spring— one of those nuld days of late winter, when the torpid earth seems to draw the first loop breath that marks tbe isptor* of tbe spell of titxp. The eon was TeEed in haze, «nd yet warm, and the frost was oaring from it's deepest inrktng-plaeeF. I had been treading for half sn hoar the winding ways of the mmeieiv, when suddenly I penseiTgd * frmiiMf figure seated on « bench agon* a southward baogtheervrgreen hedge. ZeBtedtbe figure familiar, t^mf I had seen it often in fancy ; in fact, I bad beheld it bnt oner. Its oboe wastflraeo to me, but it wore* TDlmninooB cloak, which then was no mr»l»lrrng. Heir, at list, was my fcllDW-vistor at the hsnnted home, and here was my fhanfy, if I wished to towHra tnBX from in front* He raw me, at tiu end of tbe (lies', and «* motionless, with his bands on I3*e bead of hia stick, watching me from under fan black eyebrows as I drew near. formidable ; they were tbe only tiling I saw in lusfiee. Bat on a closer view I was re- assured, amp)}' because I immediately Mttbatno man could really be aa bntaabxauy fierce aa this poor oldgentlsonn looked. Bis bra n a kind of wtwijii.iii- of martial trocoloicp. I stopped in front of him, and respectiallv asked lesve to sit and Test upon the bench. He grantrd it witfi « silent igMv_c( jmneh-diznitv.-and T placed mn3rbe£a£lum. lit this poeitum I vu able, covertly, a observe him. He m quite aa much an oddity in die morning sunshine, as he bad been in the donjons twflhjht. Tbe lines in hi face were ai rigid « if they had been hacked oat of a Mock by a dmttsy moftcunr. Hia era ware flamboyant, his note terrific, his mouth implacable. And yet; afisr awhile when he slowly tamed and looked at me, fixedly, t pemcucj that in apitB of this portentous mask, bewase nsry mOd old man. I was rare be eren would have been glad to smile, bat, evidently, bis facnl muscles were too etiff — they bad taken a different fold, once for alL I wondered whether be was demented, but I dismissed the ides ; tbe fixed glitter m hi. eyCT fb not thst of insanity. Whit his face redly expnesed was deep and simple sadness ; his heart perijape was broken, bat his brain was incut. His dress was shabby but neat, ana his old bine cloak bad known half a century's I hastened to make aante observation upon the exceptional softness of £be day, and be answered me in a (r-nUe, mellow voice, which it was almost startling to hear proceed from bellicose Upe. 'This is ? Tery comfortable place,' he presently added. 'I am fond of walking in gnmraidi,' I rejoined deliberately ; flattering myself that I had strode a rein that might lead to some thing. I was encouraged; be turned and fixed me with his daskny glowing eyes. Then Tery grsTdy,— ' Walking, yes. Take all yonr exercise now. Some day yon win hire to aettie down in « graTavard m a 6xeo* position.M 'Very true,' said I. ' Bnt you know tbere are aome people who are said to take cxetcise after that day.' He had been looking it me etSl; at this be lacked away. ' Ton don't andentand ?' I said, gmfly. He contained to gaxe straight before him. 'Some people, yon know, walk about after death,' I went on. At Ust he tamed, and looked at me more portentously than erer. ' Ton don't believe chat.' He aaid etmniy. ** How do you know I don't ?' ' Became you an young and foolish. ' Thai was said withont acerbity mm kindly ; but jn tbe tone of an old man whose coo sckrasneoB of hi own boary experience made everytiuiig else arwn ujgfat 'lam certainly young,' I answered ; 'but IAm'tttint tt-at,on tie whole, I am foouah. But Bay I don't believe in gboats— most people would be oa my side.' 'Host people are fools ?' saidths old man. I let the question test, and talked of other tinngs. My companion seemed on bb gnacd, be eyed me defiantly, and made bnsf answers to tny leuisns ; but I ijevuihsleas g^siend an nxmteesUD that ottr mettmg waa m agreeable thing to him, ami ran ? social incident of crealmre, and his upportumWa tor gamp were rare. He bad had trouhks, and they had dentched him from the world, and dmee bus backnptn mmsalf-, but tbe eoeUl ehort of bb ?ntiqnated soul waa not entirely broseo, and I -M sans he ana gn^Eed So find tbat itooold atai feebly resound. At but, he began to ask oneatvms'himseffs be inquired whether I was a atudeat ' T am a student of dhrinuy,' I answered. 'Of divinity?' 'Of rheoiogr. I am studying for the at this he eyed me with peculiar intensify — after wfaicb his gate wandered away again 'There are certain things yon ought to know, then.' be said at last. 'I bare a great desire for knowWdgF,' I answered. What tirings do yon mean ?* He looked at me again awhile, hot without heeding my question. ' I Eke your appearance,' he eaid. ' Yon seem to me a sober lad.' 'Oh, lam perfaetiy sober!' I exdsnned — yet departing for a moment from my soberness. ' F think yon are nur-nunded,*' be went on. 'I don't any longer strike you as fasten, then ri ; asked. *'I stick to what I eaid about people who deny the power of departed spirit* to return. They are fools !' And he rapped fiercely with bis ataffoo the earth. I hesitated a monent, and then, abruptly, -( Ton have seen a ghost?' I eaid. He appeared not at all startled. 'Ton are right, air V he answered with great dignity. '* Wnh me it's not a matter of eoM theory— I have sot had to pry into old books to learn what to beUero. I 1mm ! With then eyes I h»e beheld the departed spirit etenduig before me as near as you are I ' And bis eyes, as he spoke, certainly looked as S they bsd rested anon etrange uraeB. . I was irnaistialy iopnesed— I was toochaJ with crednuty. ' And wss it Tery tembU r I aaked. 'Cam Baoidaokuer— I ssi not afraid fn 'When was it?— where was it?' I asked. He looked at me nristrastfiilly, and I aaw that I was going too bet. 'Excuse me from going into particulars,' he said. '* I am not et liberty to epeak more fnDy. I have told you eo mod, becanse I cannot bear to hear this subject spokm of lightly. Bemember in future, that you hate ens ? rery honest oU man who told you— on his fannonr-^diathenadeeene. ghost!' And he got up, as if be thought be bad esid enough. Beserrr, ehyneaK, pride, the fear of befan| laughed at, the memory, possibly, of Conner atzokse of esrosm— all thai, on one aide, had iu weight ntbhim; but I euapuoej tinted the otber, his tongue was loosened by the garrulity jf old age, the erase of solitnrU, and the need of sympathy — anti, perhaps elso, bjthefriend Uness which be bad been so mod ajstoexnteas toward ravsdf. Evidently it mold be nowise to pren him, but I hoped to tee bin again. ' To eive greater weight to my worde,' he «3nVi^ *? lot tu mention my name — C3aptain IKamonB, sir. 1 hare seen asmce/* 'I hops t nuvyfaave the pleasure of mmiug yon again,' I eaid. ' Ihe same to yoo, fir V And brandnhille his stick pMentoosly— tfaoogh with the biend Itest intentiona— he marched ctmly away. tasked two or three, penons— «deeted with discretion— whether they knew anything about Gaptian Diamond, but they were quite unable to enlighten me. At last, euddenly, I smote my forehead, and, dubbing myself a dolt, remembered (hat I was nepjrrimg a source of information to which I had never applied in *ain. The excellent person at whose table I habitually dined, end who dispensed hospita lity to students at eo mneb a week, bad i sister as good es herself and of conventions! powers more Taxied. Ibis sutwr, who was known %s ftfisa Deborah, was en old maid in all the force of the term. She was deformed, and she never went out of die house ; she sit all day at the window, between a bird-cage and a. Sower-pot, stitching small Uuen articles — mysterious bands and frOin. Sbe wielded; I was assured, an exguisite needle, snd her wark was highly prized. In spite of her deformity and her conSnement, she bad a little, fresh, round face, and an imper torbsble serenity of spirit. Sbe had also a. Tery quick little wit of her own, she wu extremely observant, and she had a iugh relish for a friendly chat. Nothing pleased her so much as to have you — especially, I think, if you were a young drrinity student— more your ehair near her sunny window, and settle yourself for twenty minutes' 'talk.' ' Well, sir,' she used alwayeto asy, 'what is (he latest monstrosity in Biblical criticism?'' — for she med to pretend to be faornned e-t tin* rationalistic tendency of the ege. But she waa en inexorable little pbuosenher, and I am convmced that she was s keener rationalist than any of us, and that, if she bad chosen, she coold have pro pounded questions that would have niade the boUest of as wince. Her window commanded the whole town — or rather, the whole country. Knowledge came to here, she satainging, with her little cricked mice, iu her low rocking-chair. She waa the fint to learn everything, and the last to forget it. Sbe had toe town (gmwip wt her nngere* *inai«. and she knew every, hing ?boat people she had never seen. When I aaked her how ebe aemnred her learning, she eaid simply — 'Oh, I eheene!' 'Observe closely enough,' ehe once eaid, ' and it doesn't matter where you aie. Ton may he in a pheh-dsrk rJoaeb All yon want is ?ome- thmgtoetartwitfa; one thing leads to another, end »H things are mixed up. Shut me up in a dark closet end I will observe after a, while, thst eome places mat ere darker than others. After that (pretne tune), ana I wul Ml you what the President of the Doiud States is going to ban for dinner.' Ooee J paid liar aeonjpii menr. ' Xonr observation.'' I said, 'i es'&w; H JiHir medle, maA yvwt wl«ila*iTsWilii are aa Lrue. Of coune Wu Seborab b-3 heart of Captain Diamond, fie had !)een fimehlsflred ahontmsny yean before, tot he bed survived the scandal tbat attached1 to bis name. ' What was the acandsl ?' I asked. -He killed his daughter.' ' Baled her f I eried ,- how «r- ?' ' Oh, not with a pistol, or s dageer, or a dose of arsenic! With fab tongue. TJkofwotnenV tone^ies! He coned her — with tome honzble oath — and ahe died !' 'Whsthulehedooe?' 'She bad neared s Tint irom a Ton ng man who loved her, and to whom he had forbidden the house.' -Tbehoine,' laaid— '*b yes! the boose is out in the eoanfary, two or three Dulea trom here, on a lonely crnM-road.' Hias Debeob looked efaarptj »t me, » ehe bit her thread. 'Ah, yon know about the house t' ehe eaid. '» Ultle,' I answered; 'I ban seen it. But I want you to tell me more. Bnt here lCss Deborah betrayed en uneom mnsiealiTBness which was most onn-ual. ' Ton wouldn't call me euperstitioas, would youf' the asked. 'Too?— yon ere the quintessence of pore * Wen, every thread has its rotten pf ace, and every needle itt grain ef rust I would rattier not tilfc about that houie.' ' Ton hive bo idea how you excite my cariosity!' I eaid. ' I esn feel for you. But it would make me 'Whit harm can eome to too?' I asked. ' Some harm came to a friend of mine.' And Miie Deborah gave a Tery positive nod. ' What hid your friend dime?' 'Sbe had told me Captain Diamond's secret, which he had told her with .mighty mystery. Sbe bad been an old fismeof bis, and be took her into his confidence. He bade her tell no one, andveurad her that ff ehe did something dreadful would happen to her.*1 » And what happened to her F' 'Shedied.' 'Ob, we are ell mortal !' I said. Had she ghren him a promise'?' 'She had not taken it seriously, ehe bad not beuevedhim. Sbe repeated tbe story tome, and three days a&erward;, she was token with inuammKnm of the longs. A montS afterward, here where I sit tow, I was etitebingliergiwe dothea. Sioee then, I bale never mentioned whstsnetoldtna.' ' Was it Tery etrange?' 'U was etrangr, bat it waa ridiculous too. tt its tiling to make you shudder and, Co mak* yon laugh, both. But you can't worry it out of me. lam enre that if I were to ten you, I should immediately break « needle in my finger, and die tbe next week of tockjur.' ^ I retired, and urged Hiss Deborah no farther; bat eteij two or (lues days, after dinner, I nme and eat down by her rocking chair. Hw»de no further allusion to Captain Diamond; I eetenent, clipping tape with her sensors. At last, one day, ahe told me I was looking poorly. I was pale. \--I*m dyiogof enrisrity,' I e«U. 'I have lost my appetite, t have eaten no dinner,' 'Bemember Bluebeard's wib ;' raid ICse Deborah. 'Onemayeaerall perish by the sword as by funine!' I answend. Still ahe eaid oodung, and at last I rose with a melo-dnunafaie eigh and departed. As I reached tbe door ehe called me and pointed to the ehair I had Tacaied. ' I never was hard hearted,' ehe aaid. 'St down, end if we are to perish, may we at least perish together.' And tfiffn, in Tory tew troraB, ene conmmnicMtei what she knew of Captain Diamond*., secred. ** He was a wrj trigh-tempaed old man, and though be wtm may bad «f faia &agbter.; Ins will was law. He had picked oat * husband Cor her. and given her doe notice. Her mother was dead, and they lived «Ione together. The bouse had been Mis. Diamond'* own marritge portion ; tbe Captain, I believe, bado't a penny. After hLr damage they had come to lire then, and he had begun to worfc the farm. Tbe poor eirl'fl lover was a young man with whiskers from Boston. The Cftptun came in one even ing and found them together; he collared Hie vonog man, and hurled a terrible cone at the poor giil The young man cried tbat &e; on his wife, and be asked her if it vutrne. Sbe aaid. No! Thereupon Captain Diamond, his fury growing oBTccFf repeated bis imprecation, ordered her out of the boose, and disowned her forever. Sbe ewosued away, but her fattier went aging off and left her. Several boon later he came back and found the house empty. Oa tbe table was a note from the young nun tellm? him that he had killed Us daughter, r6p*wtai|g tbe unwiraoce that ehe was his own wife, and declared that he hiTHftM' Hninvrfl tbe ?ole ngbt to commit her remains to the earth. He had carriad her away in a gig ! Gtptain Diamond wrote him a dreadful note n answer. **jiog3tjmt fae dido V beStm Sob dBOgbtor *» dead, but that, whether or oo, abe was dead to him. A week later, in ttw nuddlo of the night, he «aw her pboet Xfaen. I *nppo*e, he was eonvinccd. The ghost re- appeared eeTenl times, and finally began regolady to bannt the Q0Q8& U TPbPG ZBB Ota SSD WJ OOOMII* Ibrtahle, tor Dttle by Uttb m. pssaon had pasaed away, and he was given op to griet Be determined at list to ln-v the place, asd triea to sell it or cat it ; bat meanwhile the atory bid gone abroad, the ghost bad been aeon by other pereOBs, tbe honae had «bad name, and it waa impossible to dispose of it With tbe farm, it was the old tun's only property, xni hi- only meant of sttbsbteoce: 3 he coold neither lite in it nor rent it he ms beggared. But the ghist had no mercy, as he had bad aooe. Be straggled for ox months, and at iast he broke down. He put on bn old bine cloak and took op his atafi^ aed prepared to wander asmyasd beg ha bread. Then til* ghoelrt&mtrd;, mad proposed m compromise. ' Leave the bones to me Tit said; ? I have marked it for my own. Oo off and lire daea-bae. Bat toeaablt job to live, I win he yoor teuant, ainee you can find too other. I wuVhhethe lumaa of yon and pay' 3-bn certain rent. And the gboet named a eain. The oU man. -w»— niii^ and he goes every quarter Is collect has not !' I lanahed tt this natal, bat I cmCsM I ehnddered too, for mv own observation had exactly confirmed ». Had I not seen witness alone of tbe Ceptain'e quarterly visits, had I not all bat neen bun sit witching his spectral tossnt count oat the rent-money, and when he trudged awiyin the dark, had he not m. litttle bag of etnaeety cotton coin bidden in the folds of bis old bine doak? I imparted none of these reflections to ITus Deborah, for I was detennhMo Ih.t my obesrvations should have a seqnsl, ana I promned myself tbe pUaonre of trestinE bar to my story in its loll maturity. 'Ospbun IKamood,' I wiked, 'has no other known meazn of eubastooce f ' None whatever. Be toils not, neither does be spin— his ghosts ennoorts him. A hsnnted bonse is valuable propertr !n ' And in vrtut coin does tbe ghost pay 7' ' In eood American cold and eilvBr. ft inn only tiiM pecliirity— that tbe pieces are all dated before the young girl's deslh. Ife e atnnge miztnre of nutter Hud «pirh !' 'And does the short do things handsomely; is the rent large?' ' The old man, I believe, lives decently, and has his pipe and bia eWf. Ee took a 3We honse down by the nver ; Ihe door is etdewise to the street, aod there is a littfe garden hctare it. leere he spends bis dayF, and has an «3a eoloored wooaan to do for him. Some yean ago, he was a fanuitr figure in the town, and most people knew bis legend. Sot of Isle he has drawn b«* into his eheD ; he aha over the fin, and curiosity has forgotten him. . teuppoee be is falling into his dotage. Bat I am aura, I trust,' aaid Miss Deborah in eoodnsnm, «tbat he won't outlive bis iuuuies or his powers of locomotion, far 3 1 remember rightly, it was part of the bargain that he ehoald come in person to eoueet bn rent,' We neither of as seemed likely to softer any especial penally tor IGss Deborah's indiscretion ; I found her, day aS» day, singing over tar work, neither more nor less active than usuaL For myself, I baldly panned my obserratioBS. I went again, more than once, to the great graveyard, bnt I was disappointed in my bone of finding Oiptain Diamond there. I had a prospect^ however, which afforded me cotnpen sstion. I ebiwwdly inferred tint the old man's quarterly pugrimages were made upon the last day of the old ousrter. ily fint sight of him had been on the 31st of December, and it was probable tbatbe would return to his asuntedhome on «he last dav of Hires. This wss near at hand; at hut h arrived. I betook myseUlsb) in rhe afternoon to the oli house on tibe cross road, supposing that the hoar of twilight was the appointed season. I was not wrong. I had been hoverine; about for a ehort time, feeling very mneh iiie a nastiest ghost tnyeeiT, when be ?ppeared milxaw manner as before, aod wearing the nn costume I again concealed myself, and saw Urn enter the bouse with the ceremonial which he had used on the former occasion. A light appeared enoneamly in the crevice of euh pur of shatters and I opened Ihe window which bad yielded to my imponnnity before. Again I eaw the great ahadow on the wait, moti-role-« solemn. Bat I tnt nothiae; else. Ihe old man re-appeared at hut, made bis botanic aiuwn before tbe house, and crept away into She dusk. One day, more than a month after this I met him again at Mount Auburn. The air was loll of tbe raios of Spring ; the birds had corns hick and were twittering over there Winter', travels, end a mud west wind was making a thin murmur in Ihe raw verdure. He was mated on a bench in the sun, still muffled in his enormous nunUe. and he recognised me as sum as I approached him. He nodded *t me as if he were an old Bashaw giving the signal for my decspuation, but it was apparent that he was pleased to aee me. ** I hsve looked Cor yon here more than onoe,1* I Slid. 'Ton don't eome often.' 'What did yon want of n»?' he asked. ' I wanted to enjoy your conversation. I did so emtly when I met yon here before.' ' You found roe amming?' ' Interesting !' I aaid. *? Sou didn't think me cracked V ' ttneked ?— My dew «ir— ' I protested. w Fm the sanest man in the coanby. X know thst is what inane people always asy ; but generally they cant prove it I ean V ' I believe it,' I aaid. 'But I am curium) to know how each a thing can be proved/1 He was silent ewfaSe. t will tell you. I onoe committed, unin tentionally, a great crime. How I pay the penalty. I give op my life to it I don'tetjrk H; I bee it squarely, knowing perfectly what it is. I haven't tried to Waff it off; I haven't begged off from itj I haven't run from it Ifce penalty is terrible, bnt I have accepted it I have been a philMapber -' 'If I were a Catholic, I might hire turned monk, and spent the rest of my life in tasting and praying. That is no penalty ; that is an '?raston. I ought have falowed my brains out — I might hue gone mid. I wouldn't do either. I would ahnplv&ce; the made, take the eonse quenee?. As I asy, they were awful! I take them on certain days, four times a year. Sa it hss been these twenty yean ; eo it wDl be as long as I last. It', my buainan; ife my avocation. That's the way I {eel about it I call lhat reaaonahie !' ' Admirably so!' I aiii 'Bat you SB me with curiosity and with compassion.*' ??Especially with cariosity,- he aaid oun ajngly. 'Why,' I answered, 'S X know exactly what yon suffer £ esn pity you more.' Tm mneh obMged. I AmTt want your pity; it won't help me. IT] tell yrm sorae tfaing but B's not for mjwOt ; it'. t£ yon own aike' He paused a Jong time and looked all round him, as if for chinos eeras-dronwia. I ausonsly awaited his revelation, but be dis appointed me. 'Are ysn atai rtadring theoloeyr«l»e*ea. J *'* ' Oh, yes,' I answered, perhaps watti a afaaoe cfirribrtiuL 'If., thiagoneourtieamin 'Idunldtbink not, n long u you ban nothing bat your boob. Do you ten the proveili, *A grain of experience is worth a pound or precept?' Tm ? pnl theologian.'' 'Ah, yoo have bad experience,' I mnmuirad eymnstbeticaUy. -Ton line raid .boat the immortality of tsesool; you have seen Jonathan Elwards and Dr. Hopkins chopping lope over it, and de doing, by chapter nd verse, tint it i» true. But I ham Men it with then eye' ; I have trachea1 it with time hand.!' And the old man held up fan rugged oM fists and shook them portentously. 'That's betterF' be went -n ; « but I have booebt it dearly. Too bad better take Em tbe books— evidently you always wul. Ton ere a very good young man ; yoo will never ht-e a crime on JTaD^S-^theon»jorena.6itoitr,-iiatI certainly boned I bad my share of brass T» ?out, good yoone raao and prospective Doctor 'Ah, bat yoahtv. a niee^onirtUttie temper,' very.brntal— very brutal- Ton ought to know that such things are. I killed my own chad.' ?Tour own child?' 'I struck her down to the earth end left her to die. They cooU not bang me, tor it tras not wilfainvbsnd I struck her. It was with fool and damnable words. That makes a 63ns«nce ; it's a grand Uw we live under! Well, air, I can aanw lor it that tor soul m immortal. Wchananappauninent to meet tour times a year, sad then I catch it!' ' She fan never forgiven you f 'She baa ftn|»ieu me aa ttw angels forgive! That's whst I cant aland— (be soft, quiet way she looks at me. rd rattier sbe twisted ataafs about in my heart— the soft, quiet any she loofa at me. rd rather ebe twitted a knHe about in my heart— O lord, lord!' and Captain Diamond bowed1 hie bead on fan atiek, and leaned hi. fotebead -n in emend hands. I wss impressed and moved, and bn attidwde aeemed for the moment a check to farther ouesnona. Before I veutured to aafc hbn any thing- more, be elowlv now and puBed hie old doot amned him. Be was unuted to tatting about his tronbka, and Us memories ovur whelmedhim. « I not go my way.' be add s 'I mast be creeping along.' 'I shall perhaps meet yon here again,'' I 'Oh. Vm a atjff-johjtod old Mow,' in auewecd, and tins is nsberfar for me to -isriei I ban to mom invent. I faavesstsomstDnes a, month at a time emoldng «y pipe in my chair. ButlabouldUaetoaeeyou acam.' And he atopped and looked at me, terribly and kindly. 'Some day. perhaps, I shell be chd to be able to lay my had on ? young, napermrted eool If a man can make a friend, it is always some tiiing gained. What is yoor name?' I bad in my pocket a small volume of EaaeaTs ' nouabB,' on the flyleaf of -fa«* were written iny name smd ajidrcsa. I took it out and oftersd it to my aid friend. 'Pray keep tins little book,' land. 'Itisonelam very fond of, and it *nH tall yon eomettimg stomt me.' He took it and tamed it over slowly, then laoidng np at me who a emwl of gratitone, Tm not much ofa reader,' he said; 'bat I wont refuse the lint present I shall have re eeivedsmee— my troubles ; and tbe hst. Thank toe, ah-!' And with flu little book in to hand be took fail Departure I was left to imagine him for aome weeks WJM3T max anaang BQiTOiy m ms arm-mair wiui fan pipe. I lad not maaOm gimp* of ton. Bat I me .witting hit dance, and on the lut day of ajnoe, another quarter hawing dspeed, I deemed tb«t it had com*1, Xbe cveniog dmt in Jane falls ttte, and I tu imfttfunt for its com ing. At last, toward the end of a lortiy eomrner'u day. I revisited Captain Diamood'e property. Erarj^tiunf dov was green sroiina it rave the blighted orchard in its Mar, but ifai own inhmmble graynen and aadneu were as ab3dngaswfaenlfaadfirat bebeU it beneaA a Vecembereky. A« I drew near if, I eaw that I was late for my purpose. Cor my propose bad simply been to atep tocward on Captain Diamond's arrival, and bravely ask him to let me go is with him. He had preceded mr, and thera were lights already in the windows. I was unwilling of course, to disturb him daring bis ghostly interview, and I waited tai he came forth. Tbehgbb) disappeared in the course of time; then die door opened and Captain Diamond stole out. That evening be made no bow to tie banntea bouse, tor the first object he beheld was his fau-minded young friend planted modestly but firmly, near the door-step. He atoopsd short looking at me, and tins time hie terrible scowl was in knpuig with die aittiation. ' I knew you were here,' I aaid. ** I came onourpoee.' He eeemed dismayed, and looked round at tin boose uneasily. * 1 beg your pardon if I have ventured too fat,' I added, 'but yon know you have en couraged me.1* How did you know I was bore F' 'I reasoned it out Too told me half your Starr, and I guessed the other half. I am a p-eat observer, and I noticed tins house in ness ing. It aeemed to me to have a mystery. When yon kindle confided to me that you aawapnjb, I waesnrr that it could only be ben that you eaw them.' ?? Ton am mighty derar,' cried the old man. ' And what broagbt you bam Out evening f' Iansobh-adaevaaetiusaaaation. . 'Oh, I often cone; I like too look at the house it&adnatojme.;' He turned and looked upattthiutaelL 'K- awtbmg to look at ootsiae.' He was evidently and this odd bet, oommaoioated to me thai is master dwelling, aeemed to make his vision of the strange things within mm real. « I ban bean hoping.' I aaid, for ? chance to ace the inside. I flungut I mifht find yon hen, and that job would let me go in wKfa you. I afaonld Uk» to an what you aee.' Be aeemed conbuoded by my boUoess, but not altogether displeased. He hud his band on my arm. 'Do you Know what I aee?' he asked. ' How can I know, except as van aaid the. other day, by experience. Pi»y, open tin door Captain Diamood'e brilliant eyes expanded beneath their dusky brows, and after balding Ida breath a moment, he indulged in the bat and last apology for a laugh by which I was to eee bis solemn visage contorted. It was pro fonndly grotesque, but it was perfectly noilrtw. «Taazyoum?'abeaoltlyerovled. 'I wouldn't co in aaam before my time's up tor a rhonamn times feat aum.' And be trust out his band frocntbefoldsofhisdoaka-dcihaiitadaemaU aggtommeratioo of coin, knotted into the corner ofanoMauV pocket Jiandkorrfiief. 'labekto s;hrnms-lta,tnt«inmr ' But yon told me the Cnt time I bad the pleasure of tatUngwidi yon tint ft was not ao terrible.' 'I don't aay it's terriWe— now. But if« damned disagreeable f This adjecbri! was uttered wit* a nme that made me hesitate and reflect WhOe I did eo, I tiaought I beard a ?light numnst of one the window- shatters above us. I hooked TO. but every thing eeemed inotieuleas. Captain Daunand, too, bad been thinking ; aodoenly he turned toward the bouse. ' H you win go in elope,' be said, 'yon are wrieomf.' ' WB1 you wait far me here P* ' Tea, yoo: wnl not atop kug.' 'But die bouse is pitch dark. When yoo go yonbeveUebta.' He thrust his hand into the depths of Us doafc and produced some matches. 'Take tiKas,' be aaid. 'Tan wfll find two canoV abeka with candles on the table in the hdL Isgbtjhem, take one in each hand asd f/- ? ??Whereehanigo?' -Auiwhtie cueijaben. Tin can trast the ghost to find yon.' I wm not pretend to deny that by (bis time my heart was beating. And yet I hnaene I motioned tb* old man with a ml. ieullj digni Gad gesture to open tiie done. IhaneDaneup n^inrndtbattberewasiaiiactaehast. I bad conoededtiie premise. Onry I bad aasond my «etf that once the mod was prepared, and the fiaBgwaaautaaurpriseiit waaprnaiHe to keep cod. Captain Diamond turned the look, fiuoz open Ac door, and bowed low to me an I peaasd in. I atood in the uarkneam, and I heard the door cW behind me. Foraome aaomeata, I aurrad neither wager nor toe ; I stared bravely into ?he impeneteaMe dost. But I aaw oothmc and heard nothing, and at last I abuek a match. On Ua table were two old ha emdhabcb maty bomdisuse, I hghted the candles and began a^ tour of exploration. A wide staircase rose in front of mr, eoarirf by an antione babntiade of tbat rjgidW ddicate earring which is found « often in oU Few Bnghnd honsei. I purposed aaeendinf! if. and turned into the room on my right. This was an old^athioned parlour, meaajerly farmnhsd, and musty with the absence of human life. I rataod my two Bghta aloft and saw nothing hut its empty chairs and its blank walls. Bemud it was die room into which I had peeped from without, and which, in bet, eommnmested with it, as Ibad supposed; by folding doom. Here, too, I fomdrnjaelf confronted by no menacing spectra. I crossed toe ball again, and visited, tin rooms on the other side ; a dining-room in front, wueie I might haw written my name with my borer in the dean dust of the axest equate table ; a kitchen behind with its pots and pans eternally cold. All this was bard and grhn, but it wm not formidable. I came back into the hall, and walked to the foot of toe staircase, holding up my candles ; to ascend required a fresh effort^ and I was scanning 'the gloom above. Suddenly, wrta an inexpreeable sensation, I became aware that tins gloom was amn'1^ ; it ?' ' 'i-$ p* tmrm and gather itaelf ogether. Slowly— I aay aloaiy, tor to ny in tense expectancy tie instants appeared ages— it took the shape of a iarn, definite figure, and this figure advanced and stood at the top of the stain. I frankly eonfew that fay tin time I was conscious of a Ming to which I am in duty bound to apply die vulgar name of far. I may poetise it and call it Dread, with a capital letter ; it was at any take the feetine that makes a man yield ground. I measured it as it grew, end it seemed perfectly irrrairtiMe . for it did not appear to come bom within but from without, and to be embodied in the dark image at tin head or the staircase. After a **??*!??»'? I luimiml — £ — mmh.Imu Hamming I eaid to m ysdf, 'I had always thought gbotui were white and transparent ; this is a thing of thick ahadwowt, densely opaque.' I r-nf''*— * myself that the occasion was momentous, and that if tsar wen to overcome me I should gather all possible impressions while my win remained. 1 stepped bask, foot behind foot, with my eyes ataioo the figure and placed soy candle, on the table. I was perfectly amtekm. that the proper thing was to ascend the stairs resolutely, face to isce with the image, but tin soles of my «hoes aeemed suddenly to have been trans formed into lead™ wrignta. I had got what I wanted; I was eeoing the ghost I Wed to look at the firore distinctly so that I could remember it and fairly chum, afterward, not to Dave lost my Mlf -possession. I even asked my«Jf how long it was expected I should stand looking, and how soon I could honorably retire. An this, of C0OTB6, pMBCd tSufDttgb toy WY'***^ W.UL aUtlWDft rapidity, and it was checked by a further move ment on the part of the figure. Two white hands appeared in the dark perpendicular mass, and ware slowly raised to what seemed to be toe level of the bead. Hem they were pressed toeettan. over the reeion of the taocand then they were removed, and the bee was disobsed. It was aim, whin-, strange, jnevery wajgbosBy. It looked down at me for an instant, after which one of the bands was raised again, slowly, and waved to and fro before it There was something very aingolxr in tba gesture ; it ml ,i.,.,i,i «o denote resentment and iiwmiansl and yet it had a sort of trivial, familiar motion. Fsmnwoity on -hepsrt-n' Ibe baonling Presence bad not entered into my calculations, and did not strife me pleasantly. I aereedwith Captain Diamond that it waa 'damoed disagreeable.'' I was pervaoed by an intense desire to make an orderly, smd. IT poaAla, a graceful retrest. I snsbsd to do it gallant and it sterner! to me that it would be gauent to blow out my candles. I turned and did ao. praetiliously. and tiam I made my way to toe door, craped a moment and opened it. The outer light almost extract as it was, entered tor a moment, played over the draty depths of the bonse and .bowed me the solid shadow. Standing on the exass. bent over his stick, under tbe early gSannerme stars, I fornd Captain Dansmd. He looked up at me fixedly braasonsaat.batsskedno question-, and then be went and locked the door. made bis obeisaoee lake the priest before tbe altar— and then without heeding me farther, took bis departure. life UcomdMiei mot ioae.) 