THE MODE -OF ELECTING .A POPE. Now that there is so miih wvritten about tle "'next Conclavd '"whihli will have to elect a Pope (that is, when Pio Nono dies), the following description of the mode of proceeding on such occa sions hitherto' will be read with some intere.st Of course it:'is not impro bable 'tha the great changes Which have taken. place since the election of the present:Popo will make a consider able difference in the ceremony the next time. The creationi of the Kingdom of Italy, and the abolition' of the: Tempo ral Pdi;r of thei Pontiff, would make such ?grceedings, as ,ltking :possession of tihe gt??es,ofz tlie city, the Castle of St. Angelo, the command of the guards, &o.;, unmeaning, : if not impossible, forms: but the routine :wvithlin the Vatican ;' will i?robably remain the same : Tlheprireijal rekrogative of a Cardi nal is exercised in, the:,Conclave, so called because ,,the, members- of: the Sacred Collegeiare then confined with in the precincts-of the great halls of the Vatican Palace?:where they remain immiiirdd till.tliey'agree in theeledotion of a dPoitiff. As soon. as the 'Holy Father; h expired, the a Cardinial Cliam berlain, in a purple dress, presents him self at. the ! door of his chamber and knocks three times with a gold hammer, calling 'each ::time the Pope- by his Christiaii family, and Papal naiies. After a hbort time he saysiin presence of the clerks of the chamber and his apostolical notaries, who take :act of that 'ceremony, ." He isi then, dead." Theifisherman's ring is thenbiougbht to the Cardinal, who 'breaks'it w:ith'thd sanie hammer.. He tlheri?tkes' posses sion of the Vatican i'the n'ame of the apostolical 'chai~er. After ;.having established his authority in tliat palace, he sends guards to take possession of the gates of the city andofthe .Castle of St. Angelo; and. when he hase pro vided for the safety of Rome, he quits the Vatican in a carriage, preceiled by. a captain of the Pope's guard, and hav by, his side the .Swiss, who generally accompany his Holiness. WVhen this march begins, the great bell of the Capitol is tolled, and, as it only tolls on this occasion, announces to the whole city the death of the Sovereign Pontiff. The body, having been embalmed, is clad. in its pontifical dress, and, with the mitre on its head,, liesin state, dur ing .three days on the bed of parade. It is next. carried with great pomp to the church of St. Peter, where it re mains nine days exposed to public view, afterk which the burial takes place..The next day the Cardinals assemble in the same Cathedral, where the oldest of them: celebrates the mass of the Holy Ghost for the election of a new Pope. Another prelate, in a Latin oration, exhorts the Cardinals to choose an in dividual worthy of so eminent a station, after wlhich they all march in procession behind the Papal crossi the musicians singing the hymn 'f!Veni Creator 1" to the hall -of conclave, which occupies a large portion of! the 'Vatican. The large rooms 'f thait palace' are divided by tompo-ary paititidons into what aie called cells, which are subdivided again into little rooms and. closets. Every Cardinal has his own for himself and his assistants, and it is only large enough to hold a bed, five or six chairs, and a table.' The hodr' of holding':.the Con. clavo being 'dome, a bell 's rung to cause the ambassadors, princes, and pro. lates, aiid othi?' perstons of distihction who may be present, to 'retire.,..When they' are: all gone outthe doors: and windows are wallediip' with the' except tioi 'of one,' which' thrdws":but' aidiii liglht upolis theCoiicbahi.u Th'onlj coimunication with 'tlie exterior is by themeans of f iours, i 5ie samet pe as those used in convenits of nunse., One door is 'also kept for? the removal: of any .Cardinal who may be ill, brit. who loses the iight of 'givinig an actii' ivote if 'he .reties? ' The m'ode of election now, in"use is by seciet ball't.. Two chalices isaind' on .a long tableo' in the thoe chapel of Sixtus, into :which the Cardinals deposits their bullotins, con taining the name of the individtial for whoml they vote.' One of the scruta torsireads it aloud, whilst two t othei~ marlk the number of votes foer eelt in dividual bythlo"side of 'liis' nameo,'n the lalige tabletwhlieie all. those of tlh Caidinals ae ,inscribed.,,, .Whoever ob tainstwo-thirds of the votes:present is canonically elected. His name is im mediately proclaimed aloud,:iand the Chaidinals sitting onl' his right and left rise and q'it thes places.? His coiseis is asked, and when .'it 'isgivenh the Cardinals; beginieng by thlieoldest,.per form the:first adoration--that is to say, kiss his foot and then! his hland ,The first Ca-idinal-deacoi 'iannouiices the election teithe people,''iindthe artillery of thel Castle of St. 'Aungelo aRd .the' bells of the cityspread' the inows; 'faiK The' people: are then Ralowed., to break' into the:Conclave; and to..carry off: allt 'Tthere tare a 'iultitude o?f ?airbum-! stances .vhichs pomiote ci piroeeeixtthie electibon of isuch lai'd subl a "ieroeotias Pope.:, In order, to ,unclerstand,1this. mattei, . it is necessary to knoiv; thet theSacred;Oollege is divided into fac-o tions, andithere are as many factions as, there area Caidinals' of iifferent 'Papal; reigris,'f which 'the liCal'diiial-neplheiw of 'each pontificate is the leeader. The Emperor, tthe' Kinigs of ,France' (if France has a Kingdlom aitlhe timeb)aid' Slaini 'land several ;other,. Sqvoreign Powers, have also their factions. They, are composed of Cardinals ivho are their natiral-borns iubjects :' the' leaders ::of' these factions are such 'leirsoiis si the King pleases to nominaiite, in ordei to' accomnplish his object. Genierilly, the; leaders of the factions are assured ,of. the: votes of, those who <depend upon: them; and it is sufficient that two, or' three 'Ileaders of" factions;: hot 'very. 'numerous, should agree, in order to be nihsteis'of the election; iprovided'th'ey makei', up twou-tlirds ,of trhe votes. Hence 'it is that' the Sovereigns~ hlio; have been mentioned, and who. take a considerable, part in, the "election of a Pope, on' account of. ,the vicinity of their' States, never fail to. exclude a' :Cardinal who is nbt agreeable tothrm '; hiid i'whie onice hi is excluded fromsthie' ponitificatetl.e neeier retorns to it.. ' 