THE CORNER. AT'I' THE FOUR POSTS. No. 1.-" Vanity of vanitios," saith the probhtoer; all is vtn.ity and vexation of spiric. Man that in born of wonton is of few days and full of trouhl,. He comoth up as a flwor, iand is cit dovni; hi filetlh also as a shadow, tras ct?ft irunth nort!" . How lon; [ hb d boom ruusing in this melaricholy humor Iust neiit in my accust ,mt:d placo., I scarcely know, hlt hearing a clock ut a short distance musically usr ikiug thi' ini'iln:ght hour, I awoke from my revoeri, buttoned my caist up to the chin, and became conscious that my poor feet were dreadfully cold. "' [Iuh," I said to myself, "'' What is this?" as I heard the distonat heavy tread of i l:rge body of ni'n colling down Grant street. Scalooly had I time to recognise distinctly the unmistakable tread, which seemned to make the very oertlh shako, than I hoard similar sounds in tih direct.ioin of \Whauroaarvwen, Yea, and Gobur. " ''his tmust be the Russians," I said in a torlo ningled with fear, conutornation, and resolution; so placing my hack firmly against No. 1 Post, I said in a aoto voce toneo " Coine one, egua all I thic port shall fly From its firtm base an oan nos ." Come up they did, and as they marched rank' aid file till they came opposite to where I stood, and each of their leaders called out, H halt, front, stand at easo!" I began to wondoer whether I was not somebohody else, but toy sIuIpriso incro.sed a thousand-fold whin another pJo:esion urtived, consistiung of old and young ladies, who took their places in front of the sterner sex. For a second or two I felt perfectly bowildered. " What means this pompous martial array ?" I at tast von tired to uack. I lihad scatIcolv finished the quehtion when a boeautiful girl of sweet six teen walked grace lully up to No. 2 Post, and' with a curtsey that would have graced a princess. opened a scroll and read thus: No. 2.-" To our nuch eateemed and dearly beloved No. 1.-Wo, iho weakoer but fairer sex, having heard with heoart-felt grief anid sorrow that you are about to leave us, and that we shall hitr no moro of those rmid night interviews with ghosts andll all manner of strange living things with 'which we have bin- so much surprised, astonibhedl, and mmused, bhog to tond-r you our best love and good wished, trusting that happiness and every oearlthly tiles-ing may attend you wletcrovr -you go. You have but to name anything we can do or say that would induce you to r'elaiai amonllllgt us, and it shall be done." With outste'rohed aims, and a warm look of affection that dispelled the chilly atmosphere of the night, who burst forth in clarion notes of silvery sweetness " Oh, stay with tme, my darling, stay ! Aid like a dream our lilo uhall pasv away." As the last nota soundiled away up amongst the hills of the fI.T. Cro"ck, she waved a kiss from her lily-white hand and retired to her position auto: gp t her lovely 5:sters. Then ,ae..rlL,.t fl.th tb.on ti. dlr. tthihlndi a mean with hrotall chliet, brawny arm, andtl talwa; t frame, and placin:g himself at No. 3 Post, said- No. 3 -'Ve, the people of Thornton, recognist in you, No. 1, the exponent of the grand principles of protectin. Free traders nill freooililater atire ini oul'r mesriin.ition synony m11115 trisu., iSolecto6r and llinrs aire almost to a iman protectionists. Squatters,, bank clerks, nd counter jtumpers, oil the other hindl, are fr-etraders to .the backl-bonoe nd spinial imarrow. Our in:erests dilffr. A. bullock taur of free tradea tracts, and all the Stnroad.'tar ever unfurled, cin never convince us that it is for our advantage to glut the elbourlno mnarkot withl New Zolmoud, Ade laide, and Calit'orniln butter, ohiease, bacon, oats,- wheat, potlatoes, tand other ftrnl produce. We are not such pumpkiit-hoaded fools as they take us to be. We comn on this occasion to present you with an " illuminated address," an liquor which was refused by our Shire Council to a late Prosident, run act of ingra- titude which that goentloman has not yet forgotten. You are about to leave us; and althughir you are not no porfect as you might bo, still,. as Byron said:of Englaud,? " With all tliy faults we love theno still' As the last spaaker conclided,: thoriwas a rush for No. 4 Post. T:'ho representatives of Aloxndrn;' Whrinregitrwen, Gobur, aid Yea w.re ' 'truggling. and: liushing. ,eso .otherl. about; strthving. which'slhuhld have the' right pf preotlenco. After a good: deald of rough worek, it was mutually agreed that the Prosi dent of the Ye Slhire should be the spohkes-i man,' so ho placed his back against thepos`t, dlrew his hand over his long flowing beord;j and.c'ormenced' thus- : ; No. 4.-Why did you not oomin doitrnto 'Yea oocaiouialhy,' hal. hold a conference ht Oliver'/ i)josts.I . Wo'l have been, neglboteds ti'hut is s hretso?Su wihy'"M 'ulnit gobt 5': imaeny votues-L1--im 'oau qiuarter. The ,Godfrey I're.tisadt uhad antiU-Bdorty-prty hadi vory hlittlo minfluonce amongst the Ytritea1s ii tsLn'a sort of: froeradler ihyself'u but hit'who got ls sheep nid cattle yards :st Talleaoolk, station is the man-for my money. 1 am sorry, bowe';vi , oit~ ' aire gtoing awnay and so are a good many pebplo about ',Yeai' Yi)u ire notait bad sdoit. I oortinly.proeaeised to 'tKke a'shtaro ini thbi lew. papdr. ': did hone kilpjidso younwere going toleav,. Looki;hereil Illsell1 you my statio-dd.-?10,000 o isha doriw:' t,.I .mi go back to Tasmtuasian and buy half the island for that money.. .....: . . :No 4 : lidseoond.-~ ami ithe tol- a yer of' the intended oppositioq' paper. Ti grateful pi'blio aee about t6t praseant ine with a seit'vo teis-iet: for my;valnabl' services in conrinection with the Alexandra Free"trade Loague,cand strenuous efforts in distributing free-trade tratai. inight:llaave gota'ri dirinner Orvide for starting the opposition paper if' Mir Ml'Oll' hir'd not dome in' the way. l My objsbmit wds to ocrush a?id bhtchor the' Altddledi'td rimr :tiado its' arprolorors. I dothfesu s I never paid for't ,oiagle copy'of that journal, but butcherinm is amy business (A storm of hisses and gr(ihonli;. proventeil theo sRejaker going fiarther). Nq, :1. l- I iadu isnd' gaintlemen, .accept, my tltiaks tfr this expression of gutod frieondship aof this,: my'lust meeting at the Foir Paost.e- I S io doubt but that the now paper, which 1 . raly reooltlnunlld to you, will ld.voto at c.? .:rn to you in which to ropr?(Oen your iro"vnnes when you loivo any. The change S not I sucl h n' s'rimusH maitter :in yoiu aIeaiI S, gi; ? . IYo kn1 ? that thi bhit of fLri(ndtl . a ,I-pr, and althoughl this parting is serno ,;:t unllxp.oted llanll tulddei, still tino, that , r ,f' the tinddest hereaw:r xente, will heul .t ouind, and na then ,d lilwl saiul tshen hin th ough her specticlei a wedding al a 'A i"mA ! tlht isthlo ro~ wot niiut nil S, As. for tho e l t s nt sp lkter. who calIII lnsiolf .;;-.wyor of the opposition, I would reclmon ui?,k him to devote ai littlo of his enirty in :?;,euvering the nearest of kin to hbi Into ittoter, as they mhay find something to Letr audvautaug. Au rivoir. X,Y.Z. 