ARRIVAL OF THE WHAMPOA. LATER ENGLISH NEWS. Tho following addditional porliculnrs are from the Herald's message ■ Cuptain Huino, lato in-command''-of the Immortalito, of tho detached squadron, has boon dismissod tho ser\x=req-\ *vico by a sentence of court-martial, for conduct unbecoming ail officer and gontleman. Tho Duko of Cambridge reviewed 14,000 men at Aldershot oil tho 27th May. Thoro-wero, in addition, 2000 horses and 46 gnus on tho ground. Tho Army and Navy Oazclto states tljat, in case a cavalry corps is sent abroad, tho Household Brigade will form a part of it. Her Majosty, it is roportod, has purchased the extensive forests of Ballaek byno, adjoining Balmoral, from Colonel Farquharson, of Invereauld. It possesses the largest area of natural-grown Scotch firs in Scotland, tho size, beauty, and symmetry of tho trees being unequallod. An international British celebration of Her Majesty's birthday has been held at St. Petersburgh, Virginia. It . lnsted three days. There was a' very largo gathering, every British association in Canada and the United States being represented, and Americans exhibiting marked sympathy. A meeting of several thousand agricultural labourers was held in Somersetshire on the 21st May. Tho Prince of "Wales hud been invited to preside, but had written stating that he was unable to do so. Mr. Gladstone and others also wroto oxcusing themselves from attendance. The object of the meeting was to assimilate the country and borough franchise. • Lord Cains has- introduced a Bar Education and Disciplino Bill into the House of Lords, providing for the establishment of a council of thirty, to lie appointed by tho four Inns of Court, -and six by tho Government. The council is to have jurisdiction over barristers, with power to disbenoh or\x=req-\ disbar, subject to appeal to the Supremo Court Judical Court. In consequence of the English Press\x=req-\ Conservative, Liberal, and Radical, with singular unanimity condemning the action of MacMahon in dismissing M. Simon, these papers have been subjected to a censorship on entering Franco, and they are delayed several hours. ' It has been stated that Marshal ■ MoMahon intends resigning if another Republican Assembly is elected. A gross act of treachery on the part of Russia was noticed by tho Borlin correspondent of the Times. A man . named Krysiuski, a leader in the ..Polish insurrection of 1863, who escaped, applied for leave to return. In answer, he was invited to come back. On doing so, ho was tried and sentenced : to banishment in Siberia. He made his escape, was caught, and tried a second timo, and shot. Colonel.Porter, R.E., has been sent to Ears on iv special mission, to report ' on the'war-in Asia Minor. The date of the doparturo of tho Czar from Buokharesfc is purposely not rando \- known. The frequent accidents on the . : Roumanian ruihvuys has given rise to a fear that a conspiracy to cause his death is alloat. . Advicos from Goneral Louis Moli\x=req-\ koff, recoivod at St. Petersburg, stato that the Mussulman population have, risen en masse since tho, proclamation of tho fotwa, by tho Shoik.ul.Islnm. General Rescheff, it is said, has been • compelled to retreat before the Cir\x=req-\ cassian insurgents. According to n Tiflis telegram tho Russian garrison of Sukhoum Kalob, after the destruction of tho place and • fort, retired, to the forts and block\x=req-\ v houso of Maoamba, on tho heights to :the > norfch-oast, and have been reinforced by battalions of riflemen from the Kuban, and regular field and . mountain batteries. Notwithstanding V these reinforcements, an attack made on the Turkish positions at Sukboum Kaleb, a few days ago, seems to havo been completely unsuccessful. The Russians were driven back with loss, leaving a considerable quantity of arms and ammunition on the field. Tho natives of Abkasia, as well as tho Circassians are, it is stated, now in full insurrection. The Sultan has ordered 20,000 revolvers to bo purchased out of his ■ private purse, and distributed among the insurgents. The effect produced by the insurrection in tho Caucasus, the Vienna correspondent of the Times says, seems to bo all the greater in Russia, as it was quite unexpected. . All accounts previous to the war wero such as to oxcite no apprehension about a possible rising there. The race between Boyd and Higgins : ; was rowed in tempests of wind and . rain,- and the river was lushed into nngry roar. Ab Boyd wob known to bo sufFeung from an attnek of boils, " the botting was' strongly in favour of HigguiB A clear load of two lengths was gmnod at tho start by Boyd, who ■;":from' that moment hold tho raco secure,.Higgins not having a ghost of a chance ngainst him; Altogether it wbb a hollow affair. Tho Daily Tela\x=req-\ • - graph, commeuting on tho rneo, snys thoro was a spneo of at loast'two .hundred yards between tho men as Boyd went under Barnes' Bridgo; and that ho could havo won by a quarter "of a mile is undeniable bad ho not : judiciously slackened his pace; as it : . I was Higgins, who showed an uttor inability to contend with rough water, was about 20 lengths behind at tho finish. Boyd won in 28 minutes 24 seconds, by Benson's chronomotor watch. With the stakes of £400 and the sculler's championship, Boyd also took as a challenge trophy; tho band' some cup given by tho proprietors of a Newcastlo paper. It is very probable that Boyd or Blackman will go to Australia and thero compete with Triokett,, who last June easily dofoated . Joseph Sadlor for tho Thamos championship, but decliued, boforo leaviug England, to row with Higgius. ^ The following account of tho sinking of a second Turkish ironclad is tolo\x=req-\ graphed by tho spocial corrospondont of tho '1'imcs atBuckharcst:—" Onoof • tho most daring deeds ovor recorded in tho history of warfare wns performed on tho Lower Danubo, near Ibralia, on Saturday morning, May 20. A small dotachmont of Russian cavulry, commanded by Lieutenant Dubaachiff, siccoinpaniod by tlio commaudor of tbo Eoninaniiin flotilla, Mnjor Murgeson, loft tbo northern shoro of llio Danubo in n number of small boats, and pro\x=req-\ ooodod towards tlio point Petra Fetoi, below Maclim, and opposite Ibralia, at which point thero was stationed a largo Turkish monitor. The night was very dark, and they managed to surround tlio monitor before being .discovered by ■■tlio Turkish sontrios on board. Tlioy wore challenged, arid ' Who goes .'■■there-.?' rang.out on the night air. Mnjor Murgoson replied in Turkish, ' Friends.' The Turks; evidently not satisfied, commonced firing in the direction of Mntcbin, not knowing whero these boats were\x=req-\ During tlio firing, several of the Rusf siau soldiers, under the direction of Lieutenant Dnbaschiff, plung'ed into the water, swam silently to the hull of the ironclad vessel, aud placed the deadly torpedo in close contact with the bottom of the monitor. Aftor tho destructive machinobad beon securoly fastenad,and the wire of an electric battery had been accurately adjusted, tho mon retired to the neighbouring sboro of the river, and at half-past 3 in the morning the monitor was blown into the air with all tho officers and crow. Tho explosion was terrific; and as nothing is Baid of the crew being saved, it is supposed ■that all on board porishod with the vo9Bol. The cool determination with which this fearful enterprise was successfully carried out, speaks for itself. The fate of tho second Turkish monitor already sent to the bottom of the Danube with all on board, shows bow futile tho expectation that gunboats can maintain tho mastery of a rivor lined with hostile batteries, filled with enemies as rosoluto as the men whose deeds are recorded abovo. The name of the monitoi-'destroyod was the-Dar Mdtrin." At an annual meeting of the National Rifle Association it was resolved to get up a united team from Bnglaud and Ireland to shoot in tho long range international match in America. 