THE AMERICAN DRESS CRUSADE. "The Women's Whisky War" having come to an end, and " Mother Stewart" having finished her " mission" to this country, the ladies of America are now directing their attention, and using their energies, to secure what they are rtlaaeorl fn nail uri linnrnvpmenf" nnnn tlift nrfi- sent fashion in female apparel. A scoffing and irreverent editor thus alludes to the subject, which, it would appear, ib engrossing some con siderable share of public attention on the other side of the Atlantic : — The deepest sea may have a bottom that is findable, and the longest road an end, but the length, breadth, and depth of bores is past find ing out. Of all bores that are incorrigible and intolerable, the female with a hobby is the worst, and of all female bores, the unbalanced mem bers of the Tomfemaleary Troupe, by courtesy called the American Free Dress League, are the most incorrigible. Twelve of these bores have been holding a convention at Philadelphia in the interest of bifurcated garments and spiritualism. Just think of it. Twelve puny souls encamped in the scrawny clay-coloured bodies of twelve old maids, meeting to turn the fashionable world upside down and regulate apparel for the mil lions of women in the world. Twelve, lacking sisters, met to offer the following resolutions 5 — Whereas, the fashionable dress of women- is unnatural and incompatible with health and ex ercise ; is never likely to- b9 consistent,- and would not remain so if it could reach that point ; and- Whereas, it is inhuman1 in form fir the inflation of obstacles to locomotion and respiration, thus causing constant waste of vital- force ;- there fore, Resolved, That as friend's of humanity we re pudiate fashionable dress, and recommend indi vidual choice in fabrics and forms of clothing; ; that to obtain firuo lives and equal opportunity in the pursuit of happiness,- to- elevate women above slaves and pernicious habits we will reason with her, admonish and' entreat her to. cease ac cepting. bodily burdens and murderous inven tions, and use her own mind, skill, and1 taste in forming comfort-favouring, labour- lightening,- and- life-preserving garments; Resolved,- That such- garmenture should- be of dual. for the legs as well- as the arras, as their ubb1 and all reason indicate that the prejudice agdinBt trouBers for women is based' on ignorance- and: tyranny, viciouB- and- sordid motives, and ought to be banished from1 the- earth by the sanction and- fearless- efforts of ail good- people.- Resolved, that women have duties in reliev ing the world- of poverty and- unequal condition-, of present and prospective prostitution of many kinds, and that by abandoning extravagant and debilitating costumes they directly reach the most fertile cause of human ills, and without this effort for prosperity, liberty, and equality, all others are abortive. After these resolutions, had been read ten or a dozen times, an aged spinster said she did not think these changes could he brought about un til they had completely changed society. She thought that members had better stick to prevail ing styles until that which education provided had been obtained. But nothing like common sense was allowed in the convention, and. this Bpeech met the censure of a Californian woman. She said it was cowardice. A medium from Vineland supported her by stating that he had lectured for twenty years on physiology, psycho logy, harmonial philosophy# equal rights, wo men's rights, anthropology, phrenology, spirit ualism, magnetism, and isms c'ountleBS in num ber, and he did not intend to back out now. He went into a trance and yanked up the ghosts of Honry Clay and Demosthenes and made them Bupport him. Can anything bet more supremely ridiculous in this age of civilization ? The affliction of such a gathering of lunk-headed men and women could be borne with a degree of comfort if they would wrestle with some practical question — something that the community are interested in. For instance, the identity of the man who struck William Patterson; the care of infants in fly time ; the missing link between a Hotteutot baby and the baboon, or the failure of the -angel crop. . . - The same ill-mannered, unappreciatiye brute of an editor, a man who evidently has no soul for the beautiful in female adornment — says, with withering sarcasm: — A dozen or so Des Moines ladies are going to the Centennial on their own responsibility, their male relatives be ing unable to leave their business to accompany them. . 