| TALES AND SKETCHES, j STELLA GBETLAND. (Scribner** MomtUg.) Lawbzbcb recalled a remark of Dr. Kane's; — how when, on one of hi Toy ages, in their iee-giit winter quarters, the whole ship's company. Bare hhnael^ were prostrate below iiecka, and he with incredible strength and fortitude waa literally doing everything, not passable beroum among the polar aolitnd«p, he fell at night a diaatiafecrion with the day aa baring been spent to eo little purpose worthy of fan power*. Stella listened and w» still a moment before ' Tea, I can understand that.' That was it. She coald understand. She kaew what he was talking about ; she knew mod eared. He had always remarked her peculiarly melodious, low voice ; he thought now he had never beard one so ezpmstra. It was never either load or faint, but exquisitely modulated, like all her motion*. He could ear things to her; when he began to talk to Cora, fats words came bade odoq him aa in an echoing hall, and smothered him with the sound of his own voice. Stella Grayhmd, sitting com posedly, aayine fittk, stirred him like noble mnaic,— made him strong and fervid. They talked of many thing*, the dark back ground of his thought firing a sober undertone to hh part. They came back to music. ?'Too enjoy it as mochas erer?* he asked. 'Ob, yes,' she answered; 'I think it grows constantly apou yon. One's deficiencies become painfully .clearer and had mane seema to increase and become more of a trial. Bat it is a Batttfection to feel that one erow* a little, taking the years together; and it is wit pleasant to know that there will always be plenty to learn and enjoy.3* She ended with a littie si'eb. He was looking at her but he only said = Herwoxdi exactly expressed his feeling for literature. He felt as if they two bad been cforitgng the ''if bill by different prtfo»s and stood side by side for a moment looking np to the height* beyond that rose one above another, — where over the dark pine forests the glitter ing enow-peaks pierced the eky and the men of ice shone gfonooslr. Kate came to tell ' them that Jenny was asleep, and they went op softly. Lawrence wrote ont his directions for tbe night and came down, Stella accompanvmg him. At the door he pansed a moment abstractedly. ** Don't you think il'e a prat loss for a person to mus the pleasure and appreciation of a noble art?' be asked, seriously. She looked at htm questaomngly, bat replied: ' Tee, it makes me very sorry sometimes ; it is a ereat loss. But I reflect that there an a prat many people who pet on without it, and they seem quite contented and happy. I think those who hare tbe advantage of the finer influences and delights should be very good and try to prevent the younger ones from growing op without caring for soch thing?.' ' Ye*, that is trap,' be replied, and he went on with suppressed agitation ; ** But fnppuaii one should grow op bund to ait art and yet not contented or happy, without any true know ledge, or faith, or cultrration, but the outward HffffTTfinp, nnnrttlWi, unsatisfied, buncetiiif? for one knows not what, despising all that' one He leaned back, and neither spoke for a moment. She tamed away with a shudder ing movement. aThat would be terrible,31 she answered. 'But do you think there are any so onfor famafe?7' ' Yes, there are some,' he returned ; ' I hope indeed not many.' ** And can nothing be done for them ?' ** I don't know. I am afeaH not.** u Ofa, I think you should not say that,' she continued warmly ; rt1ierr friends should not despair. It would be like earing a sool from death!' 'Thank yon,' he said- 'Good-night f* Hie offered her his hand and she gave him hers fanklv. Be ?'«»?**» away softened and warmed ; the night was not so bard and cold now. All that waa compassionate and unselfish in him waa re enforced, and the view of hia better nature con firmed. Hie feeling toward Cuea waa only gentle and pitiful. Bat there was a difierence between them thenceforth that be could not equalise. He saw that the novelty and excita tion of her altered position were going from her and that the quiet of the early winter was growing irksome. She said nothing, but be got the feeling of having a chad in the bouse whose playthings wen worn out and whom he felt bound to mfirtf'1- It «v-»*h3-»3 and fretted him. He was necessarily at the mr^-ir— ? m great deal for woe time and hoa admiration for Stella, grew with the eight of her unwearied and ekOfnl can of (he little ones; through the most trying scenes she was steadfast, tboneh deeply concerned; she executed b» directions with fln.rtn.-w She was never taken at a disadvantage ; under all ^'iipj'^ she was the eame simple, friendly, relf-respectfnl, admiraMft penon. He was always tbe better for seeing her ; however confused and wnmg-vded the world might seem, at eight or sound of her all things fell He did not disguise from himself that he want to aee the Hariake children oftener than he would havs gone, to others £ be knew no n ebrdtogo then and knew the reason. He blew that he sometimes thirsted tone her, t» beer her speak. Why should be not? He did not know bow he ehanld get on if she were ?way. Hli wife eoon won ont his better tarings ;aao»timss as was in a rage with her, eometbaa aJbcted with a great melancholy; abecooUiiot rest'et home mln there wen people there; ebe wanted to he at all meeting!, bin, parties, Mans, aoncerts. She would talk with moat people glibly enough, eatdunE tsecwofeadi with wonderfal adnib» and echoing each after ma kind. Hbat people thought her charming when ebe cared to charm; to be confirmed in one'a opinions by such pretty, vtvackns «yee and fipefowmen would find distasteful. To Lawrence ebe bad nothing to say. She knew that he knewthet abebad nothing worth saying. She resented tus penetration ; ehe lffff'ltM* his pity ; and pity TO the only ugbtin which he found tbe thoofhtof hertolmble. He had thongbtta show her throagfa his syce widening vistw of beauty and grandeur ; and instead he caught glimpses through here of awml heighta and depths of vacancy, peopled only by thinly veiled phantoms oF darkness and horror. Bat ebe coald not look with his eyes, end if she caught sight of eneb dismal prospects bow and then ehe could not be expected to want to look that way ; it was as if sae nued with a etrang ewiuuner to whom she fnyini.-J«»ay looked lor help and aueconr when storms came, hut who c-uild do nothing in fiur weslber but steer toe boat. A cloud or a breaking wave might remind her of tempest and dark depths full of cruel creature*, but while the sun shone and the sea ws smooth ehe could hardly be blamed for preferring merrier comnany than one who was forever on die lookout for foul weather, and whose gravity and very reserve power of succour were suggeshve of distasteful things. They eame to no open rupture ; what was there to aay ? His prevailing mood toward her was compassion as for a lost souL Bat masy times that mood broke down with iaj own weight. Her light, child-like laugh, her high, dear voice talking so gliblv and cheerily to people whom, as like as nor, he knew ehe despised, came to him with a hollow, heartless ring that was maddeninr. He could not etadv: be could think of nothing worthy. He would rush away from the sound that he 'was frightened to perceive was becoming hateful. Should he not go to Stella then? He must go. He believed he should never bare married Cora but for the stimulus to bis compassion that he got bom Stella. He did not know what be should do now but Cor her stimulus of bis for bearance, his tenderness, his whole better nature. He put confidence in her. He spoke to her again and again with increasing bank ness when he found her alone. And she took his confidence with concern and respect, kept him steadfast, and by her refined and restrained sympathy made up to bun part of what he bad lost at borne. But the children got well sfter many weeks and SteEa went sway. When ehe was gone be missed her very much. Some time afterward Lawrence had a letter from a friend : ' I have an opening here for a young surgeon of parte and character. It will be tbe making of some one. Can, you send me the name of some young fellow you can recom mend?' Kow, Lswrence happened to know that Stella bad a cousin, a young surgeon ; in tact sbe had asked him shoot his chance of success an that part of the country. He now invited young Wnilock to come down and make him a visit with a view to recommending him. He was a handsome, lively- young feuow, and [awrence Eked him from tbe Erst. He and Cora got on well together, and Lawrence found the house pi ? iilu than he bad for a looe time. SfceOa came back to £hnuree two or three weeks liter. Kate bad Celt the long strain after it whs over, and had stumbled and broken-down. When Winlock eame to aee his cousin, the morning after her arrival, she was struck with the change in hint. He was a bank fellow, and he and Stella were good friends. She made him come and ait with her. She talked to him and watched him. Hetook out bis watch and use to go. She stood np ucun nun. ** Eugene,' she said, ' where are you going, now?M Tbe tall fellow looked down at her and ' I am going to ride.' 'With Mrs. EnfieM?' ' Yes,' he answered, doggedly. She looked awsy slowly and Own back, tin their eyes met again. Sbe spoke in a lower voice than usual, but ateadHy. 'What do vou think of lbs Enfield ?' He did not turn away bis eyes, but his bee grew haggard. 'I think she's an angel,' he said. She threw herself into the chair beside her without moving her feet, and eat with her hands toeetherin her lap, and her bee bent out of his sight He turned hack, shaken and fcdplest. Her attitude affected him more Hum any words. Presently he eame round and took her bead between Us trembling hands. ' Don't fret about me, Std,' be said. 'I'm not worth it' Sbe sat up straight. ' Eugene, you most go away directly.'1 Hb turned away his head. « I cant 'be said. She ttfwp^ up. Sbe led him to Kale's sick-room. 'Awake, Katy? You slept nicely. You feel Iw llwi now. Hercrs Bugene corse to see you. I have to go ont and Lane's busy, ao Eugene vnHsit in the next room and emu her S yoo nnt aavtlzmg. {rood-bye, dear !' Sbe was cone before be could say * word. In fifieen minutes ahe was in Dc EoSeld'e parlour. A riding whrp and bat lay on a tabu. She walked from them to the back of the room. Cora came down in her habit. She had a cheerful erecting on bar Ups and aavaUH towards Stella, but stopped half way; and Stella backed a step. ?'Wul you takes seat, ICs- Gorytandf Cora said, with cold pditeneea. 'No,' ahe answered, only haUeonacioosof her words, a burning shame and aversion | enveloping her Ifte e cloud ana shutting out ?aht sad mud. 'I have come to speak to you about my cousin, Eugene Wmloek. He's not coming to ride.' Oora waa staring withs horrified njiiuwnillli past Stella's bead. She answered hoarsely : 'That arm do, Uhm Grayrand. Lawrence, you bad better come in.' Steua turned. Tbe door behind her into tawtence'soEee stood open; be bad come in npbeard and was leaning against tbe door-post, white in thefw. StaUa waa startled, bu» ehe only bowed dntmnHy and cams out of rhe bouse. This was not altogether new to Lswranee ; he had felt vaguely fearful before. Cora turned her back to him and looked ont of die window ; tbe prospect was sunny and bright with sprine'E promise, but it did not look so to ber. He came forward and stood beside her. 'Ton camutdeny this,' he eaid. 'What do you auppose will be the end if you keep on?' She answered without tnnnns or lifting her head, and in a hard hiOar voice .- 'I neither AeBj nor admit anjtiasg. Tod are both jealous. And it does not become yon who wore flncb a long bee because she wait away. I .suppose yoo can see now that she cares more lor some one else. She caught eight of his meeand would have slipped past him, but he stood before her. Tbsn she was afraid. He was afraid of Him self ; hs had to keep back bis bands from taking hold of ber. 'If you ever speak to me like that again,' he said slowly, after a little, ' I cannot bold myseu responsible tor the consequences, xou are not fit to take bar name between your lips.' SteSa sent Eugene swsy the same evening. After that she avoided Lawrence ; there was something abhorrent to all ber instinctr, in meeting him now with ihtt repulsive under standing between them. And, tor bis part^ Lawrence found that detestable suggestion of Cora's coming between bfm and Stella at a time when he stood more in need of help than ever. But the effect was to throw him the farther from Cora, and in the end the more «hon£ty toward Stella. Sitting down one night to write directions for her esre of her sister, a great bom himself. He wrote on another slip, ' I want Winlock to have the place. Can you belt) me to do it?' The next day ebe fbnowed him aownstaurs and asked him into the parlour. A new timidity bad eprunff qd between them^ they ?poke only of the one subject he bad suggested. She had already writtai to her cousin. Zn a day or two there was an answer, part of which ehe read to him. Then Lawrence wrote ; tiiey were a week arranging it. He could not bat admire her conduct of the affair. She read him a grateful letter from her cousin and expressed ber own thankfulness ; the were both suent s w I hava decided on a very serious step in anstfaer nutter,' he said then. 'May I teD ' Certainly,' was all aba replied. Then he told her that he had resolved upon a aepvratian, that he would give Cora every tfring be had and begin life anew. She tamed sway ber ftce end sat slilL -Don't you think it would be best?' be asked. ' Not for both,' ahe answered. 'And most I never think of myself? Have I not suffered enough? What can I do ?' ' Have you counted tbe cost?— the scandal, the -whispering, the looks askance ?' 'Tes, I am not afraid. I win face it all.' 'SHU, there is one thing you seem not to have thought of' ahe added sVnrly. 'You would have to eo away from here.' A shadow passed over his taees his eyes and thoughts wandered, and it war, a minute before he said, 'Why?' Usr eyes were tttronQ away, aoa they cssic back with a peculiar, dow. smooth motion of uib orau ; ana nun bubvcru = ' For my asbe.' If be had needed toy explanation, ComV hateful insinuation leaped to his tnmd* Was the world bad enough to tske up that con struction ? A. heavy black uess fell upon ewry* thing. He sat looting down, then got np said came away as if carrying a load. Her words had cbaqgedthe whole outlook; where hsd seemed the way to the tight was only a will-o'-tbe-wisp among deeper darkness and Docertsin footing- A night or two later, he aa looking over his dusctioas by Kate's bed side, Stella coald not help noticing bow suffering seemed only to bong out the finer Knee of his bee, yet it made tier very Starr. He looked np and met ber eyes, frank and serious. He wrote on the bottom of the paper, and when he was gone ehe read : 'I dunk you wens right I «m gome: to keep on. Yoa wfll help me, wffl yon not ?' Welching late that mgfat, she thought long and eobedy of LwnoceV bard lot. She questioned her feeling durply, bat amid find no rasson lor wnunouiing snea am ana ^o'11'^- as she coald fpve him- There seemed to be every nason for giving it. She met bun with bank fc-^HnfWr in tie morning. aSuy said no more of Cora, bat by erary helped tdmtoi be ytimil and torfaeariog. Hit frequent mooting! wnh her bttame (fas given pieces in a thirsty land. So momin passed by. Kate got up, but was a long whDe gaming ber strength. They ceased to need a doctor atOe Mariakes; be could see StaUa but saUmn. Then sbe west away sooUi again. He bund hb nan to endure. One day, wusu it seemed quite intolerable and be was osaSngvamlyabout, his heart went out to Ids old frierjd Loramer. He went to see bun. Tbe grip and amue of the feuow warmed him Eke wine. Hxtv spent the dubmtW IT« 1^— Jrf Tj»»w»» !»????« -III. him. lley aat, walked, rode, talked together by day and by nir]it,snd werebappy. ffliey said nothing sWOom, hit tbobgbt many tfnnga. Tbe liMethat Lorsmer saw of bar.be chdM and made merry. One day, Jookhajfer Lawrence, he found mm out, and Cars slooe. Sbe bade him corns sod wA don, suu vepni ft chat, but b. would only laugh sad aaawei uunzmtjy, working oaf. cradle, with her worsted and big needlee, She fa* sBent under his banter, eying him furtively and stirrh inc «wsy with ber head bent. After sirifle be held « cnsneal figure before ber bee. Bbs could not help joming in Us laugh, but aba stopped short and began to sob end cry. She stood up, letting ber work go where it would. ** You've no busmen to laugh at me, Harry Lorainer.' ebe enmnlamed. 'Yon and Lawrence an chatting and laughing all day feelings than if I were wood or stone.' She hid her bee and went out sobbing Lorainer laughed less sfter that. Lawrence bad to take a long ride and Loramer pujpuaed they shoold «n eo together. He and Cora rode on s little way while Lawrence made hk caU. They rode together everyday after Hist, bnt lAwrsnee could not always be one of the party. XTaturauy, Lawrence and Loramer found less to talk about, and aat leas together. When his tuaeeame, Xawreneedid not pi ist Lorainer to stay, but be did not go. Three days later Lawrence eame home and met Lmnwr cominr out of the house, their greeting was brief and cold. Xdwrence went in and found Oora. He could not apeak at first 'What qevillry are you at nowf' he demanded. Sbe tried to pass out, but be took bold of ber by the shoulders, and made her bear. ' listen to me,' he said. ' Do you know VOH yuu mix ooing s u vdv wv bu bimit w pily. have you no tear? Don't oy me too tar, I trJl yon it's not safe.' Ob grasp hurt ber cruelly, bnt ehe kept fan bead swayand made no sound. Two hours later, Lawrence came borne again and Jbund noose in Hie boose. Sefaao* at all to make to thB west. Three mfleaont he turned into s bridle-palh that led op to a height Presently be cams in sight or the top. Tbe shadows were thick about bun, botebove the sunset Unshed splendidly. On the crest sat tsro riders, dose together. He bowed ins head and rode away. ?? Hai'iy, you are a coward ? Cors was say1' ing. -Oh, I wish I waa a nrmf She raited her arm with a passionate gesture. 'We loved each other from die first, and be drove you away. I never cared for him ; I bad to marry him. And I tell you we live in unserv. We are nothing but s torment to each other. And you do not know him. He is in Ion with another woman, and be is cruel. Xeok here!' Sbe threw back her mantle and slid ber supple shoulder out of ber dress. 'Those are the marks of his fingers !' Hjb gaze was bent upon ber, his eyes seemed, drawn beyond bis control; be trembled, sod caught his breath. But be broke the spau. He eat up. He found his voice, thick sad '' Don't tempt me. I am his firiend ; tojz are bis wife.' Sbe looked to right and left, then tamed, and took hold of bis barm. 'listen to me I' ebe commanded. 'Bend down your bead,— tower, lower!' Sbe looked in his face intently ; ahe put her own dose and said, ' I am not his win r* Adomo,iocreduli)as«larewas his reply. He foamed and Bhook bis bead. 'Ton don't believe me!' she cried. ' Come borne, I will show you.' Sbe tamed ber horse, struck htm with the whip and DUnged bun recklessly down the steep patti- He could not overtalce ber uu ehenmed np and walked through the village street. 'Go into Ibe parlour.' she said, 'and wait tail come.' Sbe ran uuslairs. Sbe asked fur bimnee. He was ont,— would not be back till eight. She looked at ber watch. Hot qtuteeeven. From a locked drawer she took a locked jewel box and from under the lining a written paper arith a printed slip pinned to tt. She came down and into die parlour with her band in her pocket, walked np to locamer where he stood before the fire, gave him the paper and aat down to watch him. It was a certificate of marrisee between GoraBninavd and Clarence A. Harlow, dated three yean back and signed by an eoeentxie dfisgyinan, across the mountain. A feeling of ihlniea i came over Loramer. ' 'Then yon are HarloWe wife,' he said. s 3?o, L am no man a wife, sue anaansteoT impatiently. 'Bead on; read the newt ptperslip.' He read: 'On board TJ. S. S. ?Tnsca- looea,' off Cherbourg, October SO, Ensign CUrenee A. Harlow, aged twenty-four, by the bursting of a gnn.' AaCoramer lifted his eyes tbe door opened and Lawrence eame in. Cora uttered a low cry and reached tor the paper, but Iamiauue's' look frightened her so that she teu back into her chair. He kept his eyas upon bar, but went toward tjoramer ana rescued ont a CBasr case which be brought in his hand. ' Here's your dear-case,' he arid. 'You'd better take U back.' Loramer swore at the ease and flung it into the fire. 'Look here!' he cried. 'Bead Jfcst' He thrust it before bis bee. 'Qo on! Bo yon see? She was hw wife when she matried you. You're a tree man f A. brutal exultation ariasd Lawrence. He shouted and laughed,-' Ha ha ha, ha ha! She's mads toob of m both. Too on nan ber. Harry, and welcome. I wish you Joy. Ha ha ha, ha ha! Eta/a the devil! start the devflr bnxmer answered with a «~— -»W| . i-nn of where sbenrifbtco tor him. Keitbertook any other notice of her sitting torn, sunken together, crushed, hiding her bee with her hands. Loramer turned away and ran tramp ing up tfeshura, crammeu In. tfamg. intoius vabae and came tamping down. lamenoe we/ backed sgainatthe post at the sour-fcot. Loramercra^UshanrTb rising. -Oooa. bye! Come and see na,n^ea-Iled. HewanV Wad bnpdtfe don, «nd*l»; land hk ? ke«»J»ngbterfcdoemU«ouiet-net. ToGomlhatlsnsjhlar aoanuud Into the knell **tfaeead«f all things. She antes they had lett bar «ail did a* nun tor « fane whOt 'after ta' too had gone out. t*wrence's nAxhM tan, pri »«, ^dddy. He ?lew ftiD ofa most ddeeUble m of freedom, &seemed.;»^.eflfioeatiiia; net-work bad been tightening s*ontb»hes*t and, now that it bad brat, the Joy at Aeptf ndoqcM &bmana;«enedsnra flam In breast could hold. He could not breathe in-daors,— he '|W«BU»«i« ooold get on ft. windy U the nfeht moidto break out and sing. AB ihe mU yearned «m -my: On .tan leaned oat of their course, and looted, not at lam, bat sooth .the north wind wentfcyhim, nooning, hurrying, end the moon sened eouth md pest the tigged eknds. All his sou! wentout with them, and hi. body sickened ts &uow.; He came home and changed his drew. It to lite. Hk«yes and -an were fall of out ateadisst fsoe, ooe low, flats-use voice and lansmg laugh. Ha lighted no lamp; tin shortly moonlight atmmed through the window, end a figure still and ghost- like stood at the door. J-lnwrence! le-wreoce!' ate ailed de spairingly. Bat be did not im to hear. Be felt no hardness toward her; abe had brought Jam the great deliverance as mil u the (grievous bondage. But be conM us mote heed zternowthan turn back if he wen drawn by unbridled horaes sod eome one cried behind. But whoa at kat he eame to go out, he almost atnmbled upon her lying acmes the dim. He stooped ana picked ber op; shews, as caldas stoor. She dung ?boot fan neck. The tempest had come; her ship wss r. wreck, tb» dark waves tumbling about her and dash ing bar with their cold spray. She erangto the atrong nrimmer she had flouted when winds ?met, but was afimM abe came too late. ??'I coold not help it; be deserted me bseelj. Ob, fjwrenes, do not cast me off!* sto implored. 'Do not go sway. Pity me; I em very miserable. Ishould netham done that if you had not forsaken me. 5o«rnt helped « hut you, and I ban not been happy, yon know I ban nof. I do Dot know what will become of me if you oat me away. I won't vex you any mom; hebn God I win not! Sou ban me at your merer: anil you notbexoercHnir He laid her on the bed and wrapped her on. He spoke fa) a deep, enlemn voice : 'Be eta. Icamwt hear you to-night I bans been memnd. I win fey in do what is sjght. I am going away now; wait tin I come He took the midnight tain south. Steua wMontof town. Be followed her. He felt that be could not meet her beS» strangers with self-control, or p- through forauoties. Be wrote a brief note at the hotel asking to we JMCahne. Then he shrank from the thought of mooting her with detestable (bine* ts ex pbm.sndtle.dded: ?I -should like you to know my altered log job by ? personal explanation painful to a both. Borgmow, then. Cot indoringp^pera eAichsrffl inform yon.' The snessetsjsr brought back a uotswineh alMiaul mrrk. of as- jtsnoa : Phase excuse me lo-ujgbt- I wfll walk on tin beach early in the morzrinf.' . As the am came up oat of theses, the next maminK. and he tamed away Asm watching the snssnotn n»ji| oe ssw tnecuex mraeu as snore. She stood a little way oft; looking intently asaward -, and hr tbongst die moraine took ? new grace from ine Bosh on faereheek and the light in her dear, eahn eyes. ffiseyes grew dim as he looked at her. HebebsdMt any agitation, it was goue when ehe fjjrued and vatted for him to approach. She gave bha her «I» » not *be«rti!a motmng?' abe aaid. 'Don't you think a abould make ns nry gentie ssd maaffisb f' * The laulne; cadeaee of her voice was more . niminl Hun the «n« that bihUed at her A feet They walked aide by side along the 4BX]S. 'Tea,' he answred, 'yes. V all mormnga ?rare like tins ? ' he broke off and looked ?oat toece. Ussy came amoiu! adttored bowlders and atooditai. Witii diffidence «he toe* oot of hi. Jetar the paper with the printed slip attached, and (an it to him. 'Ion were not offended at my amding isemr 'No, I was clad yon aent them. It was ihoaghtinl of yon.' She apoka low and sarioualy. ?- Bm do I quite understand F* 8he .Aed him MTHaS qnertiom, modest hut etaigbtfonrard, with her gave eyes on hu feee. WhBe be answered he was Hanking, 'To the nun, all Urines are purr.' She dumped her «yea and saghad. 'Uss a dreaded story ; it makes me ray -fad.' Then .fter a minute abe looked op again and asked: 'What an you going to do r Ho snook with ngue apprehension, and leaned anewiseon the rack. f With her P' hearted. '[ hardly know. I thought you wonUadriK sae. Too cannot think? am under any obligation to beep her ?nyjongerr I am not bound to her by any *Babedid not snswer txm ntmuhi or uak at Urn. Wb»el»did, there waa a stwaj fewer inbsrwaioa: «W« «ra all bonndt we are all uadar ufcrsmtamtebsfr.togaard.ttnOT^toetA and toaawthemtbat an lost,' She atooa befcrs Urn. Her toe was Bke ?Ok jb»«f theisnjelof pitr, her tones nil of passnwatepkading. 'Did JM take bet feuxantlyf Ban to kept her only became the law made you? I know 50a. benn1 What win become of her 3 you east her off? She might be worse then ehe is.' She turned away and shuddered. Ear word, pierced him the deeper because they wen the aVune Cots oma oaes* faeCaUiaB they vrere dm own tuuoitncL thoQjghtB* He was silent, leaning against ? gnat rack as he stood before her, and ahe went on, with ttror her ofl; ehe wfll draw yon down with her, yon and an—' aba csnajht her bnatn— 'all connertea with yon. Sou cannot pmnsh her asaoriminaL What could you aay to justirj yonraohon? Think of the position yon would atand hi before the world, with your tongue tied. Ton coold not hear it. In your hast you may think you coold, but you might as wen flank to rerist the sea. Beware fast in your haste yon throw away the good yon ban orerher is molttolied ten-fold. Tour freedom »yom power. Sha must know ehe is in your hands now; the femes an all down; ysn an laid by no bond. She wul know she can no longer presume; her rnstinraiof orif-preserration willweiahoa ^reor «ne, mA yoax CcR%ei»nce be a perpebud nxtrnoi npon her. I think yon have no good altertts^n, asd that yoox duty is plan. Don't think I am bard ; we ban all our ta«ks that eeem too hearyat times. We can't understand j 'His ways are psst finding out.'' ' Her voice grew tremnloas and ahe held her fcee away a inmate or two. but then looked np sud smiled nuntiy : ' ' Iheirs not to nuke reply ; theirs not to reason why,1 you know. Who knows what great things you nuy accomplish yet?' All bis sense went with her, down in some unseen depth , bat above that rolled a stream whose wares bore him past all mritsnffr. And now the WIowb swept over him and wen bitter fa bur eyes and throat He bent backward and rested his bead nnou the high. rock, and scratched up his arms above fahn. The freshness of the morning tamed to ashy pallor; the Ian j and the ssa sickened with pain. Slowly he bent forward again: 'ABthat « troa, Ihne no donbt. Ton ban dear eye*, and some day I may see it ao aysett Bnttcas*taee,Iesn%bair-hatnow. Ta-»re is only one thins lean see or hear. I disowned it, I pot it awire, Icmshedit doom; twas^tainfnlto tiwgallmg bond; I did soy He'txstsdliisaineas«m;nai'roiee was Bke aerytsbaaseo: 'SheraademylffTeberpUythior;; ahe won H oat with hssenses. She has need me desnite tully ; she has been the curse of my Ine f And the low answer came back steadnsby : ''Bless them that enme yon; do good to them that despitofiiUy use youT Tonaayyon bare done your duty; I know you have. Oeave test to that. Take cere, bet you have not that to say by and by.' Her votes nltered ; Iheie was a low of fepnsssd tears atwnt her drooped eyes. She had plainly been over the fin* part of this path bs&n;, but ahe was getting tra n&tndden; ground. 'Duty is the principal thing; there is alwsys some sweetness sooner or later with that; tmt without it. the beat thing, win tarn to ashes and dost' 'I know. I know,' he cried. 'Bat I cant feel (hat now. I can only ted one tWng ; tcanonly esre lor one thing. I only know that then is but me person in all the world lor me, and that duty, and mason, and heaven itseU^mean eothhaj beside her. AniitssGke death to hear heresy these things to me, and to know that ehe coold not aay them if she cared for me as I do for her.' lie thought her «a steady as the rock», and tohertheeoHd eacthesemed to heave round her man than the nmtabled ess. But ahe atesdied beneirand replied : ''Ought you not to be gtsd if it is notso? It would not niter yaor dutv. Would it not mskeit. the harder in too? Woald it not make your way darker that it is r »GUd!'h««JWdCTrt.deaptiringlj. '(Had that the son it pot out in thecky; that the earth is a. desert and my heart «n intolerable bcbb i fshft dm u no mot* pmpo-of *w iw'*f t ordeminuiflue! Oh, yw, I .m glad, glsd, She dssped her bands ; abe kdd her shoulder and face agsisat the rock; ehe spoke eagerly 1 'Would it help you if I coold ted 00? Would it make your duty easier f 'Xes,' he cried, 'yes! If I knew Ott. I could scale the mountains and swim toe seas, I do anything, and endure anything ! nice rose like a trumpet-oil . - 'Then I coold! I do ?' He bent toward her, hut a horrible doubt seisadhhn. He daspeo his hands behind his head; be swung torn side to side. -For another? Notfcraier hedeanmded hoarsely. Sue stood unsteadily; ahe lifted her joisied hands; her nptarawS fine was ansme but ahe could not apeak. Then her self uuiweujo broke down. She sank upon the rock and covered her face and wept nncontroUablj. He threw himself down oearne her. ' Oh, i. it true The besought her. 'Osn it he truer 'Xai-yes!- ehe cried, eobhun vehe mently. 'I tried to keep it down; I would not bear it I tried to do right. But I can't Bripit' Be tamed his free np to the sky and groaned. 'OOod!'it we. asH bearenc.UK witBinhisresob,aod rewtless bands stretched out and held him hack. But a ana too mush. Rene joy rushed upon him and swept amr evervthoa; «!«. He atrstebed out his ?tmss be bowed overher; heeaugbt her and held her fast. The ann Seeped up in the sky. ?Bhe wans and the wind* sang together. There wss a sew heamm and a saw earth! «O SteJUI' wss»Uhea»d. She tay sffll; she bad no strength. But '0 Iaunence, Iran weak! You must hdntnetodoricht.' ' H**p you V* be cntA, pittouuy* *f Hop the angeU of light! OSteuaBtelU! Don't trust in me. I nave no goodness but yours, no right but you. I tad rather the tide would cm over us bere. tfasn ntw to gOetway udbd yon.' Sheaobbed, thentnznedherhesdwahalone, bug breath, and elowlj, smaduy, with weak, limp fingers begin to loosen Ins dam and ruse herself up. He let her go. The world seemed suppiwfrom; the shadow, of (right sen abort him: They »t side by aide and looked at each other. -Is then on way?' he asked. ** So,— no way bat one.' She tried tsanstch her tears, but they would Sow. 'Don't cry, don't cry V he besought. ' I can't bear Oat.' 'Ob, never mind,' the replied. 'It's a relief to cry; lam -not altogether unhappy. It is very bitter et first and chokes me.' She bowed her fres » moment, then ESed it and west on, with the tears inner eyes end 'So; then is only one way. Eqs if it were easier, I could not tfarast her out, I should hate myself if I did ; you yourself would despise me. If we could enter heaven by shotting the door upon her, could we be beppy watting together in the golden streets? Would Dot the thought of her wandering in outer dsrkoeei come in and torment ns and make us afrsM. 1 do not grudge her,— at least, at least ? Her voice filtered, bat raseegsin. ' I oegHt not ; has not her Bouy been my great gain? I do pity her wBh all my heart. If I afaooM take away the onrr good she has, would it not torn to ray corse?' TSiey hsd risen and stood on the etsnd. His eyes wen bent npon her; her words played upon BOB like the winds on a harp. 'Bo right! do right?' heexdsimed. 'What- ever von do or say is right to w.' Herhesd dropped. She lifted her hands; ehe apike brokenly. 'Bo not apeak so; help u ; I am weak He caught her bands. 'Ivrgive me,— I will, I soD,I know I coold die lor you. Can I not ttve and eodora for your sake? took up! look up.' She k»ked np and emiled through tears. HeheUher hands last, she atenped smonthe low rack and atoodapon Ins kve'. 'Why abould ve nwora?' abe c-ied. 'E« mt not the best things?' Her eyes turned from him and looked out across the sea. And her thoughts west on beyond sea, and land, and enn. Bat he could only look at her. And pmently her eyes csme back to Ms. They locked ia each other's fue- long, butdid not speak. ' T«en »'o«!j, slowlyssd bttteriy they dre« their eyes awsy and aet their nnwnlmg saees toward the north ; and Sngeriag, etep by atso, they came aUehyaide alone the suds again, ptrted and went their allotted, divided ways. — ScrOma'i UomtUg. 