®ItasMw SMmfe.er. Saturday, March 24, 1877. In our capacity' of censor of publii morals and opinions we cordially expres: disapprobation of the peculiar theolo gical,views of the Rev. Tnos. Serjeant of which “ Churchman ” Nos. 1 and ; have been the exponents in the recen columns of this paper. The refusal o that gentleman to officiate at the funera of an unbaptised infant evidences 01 his part a return to that barbarisn which characterised the Church of Eng land and all other Protestant communi ties subsequent to emergence from th darkness of medireval Popery ere thi ascendant sun of Reformation had dis sipated the vestiges of error still per ceptible. Unfortunately while the ex tempore devotional services of other de nominations facilitated their advanc toward religious purity, the liturgy o the Anglican Church stereotyped am perpetuated these inconsistencies. Thu when Mr Serjeant appeals to the Rubri in justification of his act, its evidence i at once adducible in his favour. "IV would, however, impress on our reader that while this injunction is laid dow: in that standard of authority, neither it > observance nor the opinion of the ever lasting suffering of unbaptised infant incidental on it are at all imperative 01 a clergyman. In recognition of the prc cepts of the Rubric a certain discretion ary power is implied on the part of th' individual officiating—a prerogative tha Mr Serjeant and every other Angli can minister never fails to avail liirasel of. Thus the same Rubric omitting th' funeral service at the interment of ai unbaptised infant as absolutely insist: on a healthy one being submerged ii the baptismal font. Docs he or any o his fraternity comply with that direc tion ? Does he in accordance with tha guide of canonical etiquette drag fortl into public notice the ladies of his com gregation, placing them in a prominen part of the church when returning thank: to Almighty God for successful accouche ment ? or does he pause midway in the matrimonial service till the amount oi remuneration required for its perform ance be deposited ? The conventional proprieties of society, his gentlemanlj instincts, preclude such a course ; bul if his custom in these and analogous instances establish a rule of conduct fai from objectionable, why make the inter ment of the unbaptised innocent excep tional to that rule, injuring not it buf the feelings of the bereaved parents and tiie civilised community of his habita tion ? Our editorial compliments arc presented to “ Churchman No. 2 ’’ with the opinion that ten thousand souls such as his could be poised on the point of a cambric needle. He insidiously suggests the eternal destruction of unbaptised infants. May the Almighty expand his spiritual capacity to comprehend how libellous the imputation on Divine bene volence. St. John impersonates the Deity under love—his darling attribute, “ God is love.” How is it possible that such a God, presciently contemplating the salvation of the whole of the human species, past, present, and to come, in the sacrifice on Calvary could exclude an unoffending infant for adult neglect 1 Having an orthodox confidence in the doctrine of baptismal regeneration, we, on the authority of both Scripture and the Anglican Cntechism, refuse to define that process in the simple application of water. Intelligence and faith aro es sentially antecedent to regenerative bap tism, which baptism is not an influence imparted by external rite, but a principle of internal experience and sensation, the operation of the Spirit of God_in other words, the baptism of the Holy Ghost. The three agencies are conse cutively alluded to in the passage— “ Preach the gospel to every creature. He that believeth and is baptised shall be saved,” &c.; To precisely the same effect are the sentiments of the Cate chism—“ What is a sacrament?—An outward and visible sign of an inward and spiritual grace. What is the out ward nnd visible sign or form in bap tism ?—Water, wherewith the person is baptised in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. What is the inward part or thing signified ?—A death unto sin and a now birth unto righteousness, &c.; What is required of persons to be baptised ?—Repentauce, whereby they forsake sin ; and Faith, whereby they stedfastly believe the promises of God made to them in that sacrament.” Thus we see the the water is but the type of baptismal regeneration, which baptismal regeneration is a simple confidence and mental energy imparted by the Almighty on our receipt of the truths of the Gospel by the exercise of reason—an effort that a child is perfectly inadequate to and therefore an event of later years. Hence it will be seen that the only ad vantage in infant baptism by water is the pledge exacted from the sponsors to train the child in the knowledge of God, the position of the baptised and unbap tised not differing one iota in His esti mation. A collegiate cotemporary with Manning, Newman, the brothers Wil berforce, Pusey, Oakly, and other leaders of the apostate theological school at Oxford, Mr Serjeant will find great difficulty in running the gauntlet through the salient objections to his conduct coercing the decision that he is morbidly inclined to Romanist views. He refuses to recognise or associate with other ministers of the locality ; refuses to co operate with them in evangelical labour; refuses to enter their pulpits or permit them to occupy his; refuses to promote Christian harmony by uniting the child ren of his Sunday School with theirs in innocent enjoyment—all which are traits and features significant of religious cha racter. His apologists “ Churchman Nos. 1 and 2 ” plead for these eccentri cities on the hypothesis of their neces sity in the guarding and fortification of a Church encircled with enemies, sus taining the attack of Romanism on the one side and Dissent on the other. Are they not aware that in repudiating the claims of other denominations he assi milates and almost identifies himself with the former, to whoso ranks men of his opinions have contributed so many deserters, and of whose character wo have heard JJr Serjeant speak in terms of glowing eulogium without stricture on their- perfidy in becoming apostates ? His ideas, of' the attitude of the Non conformist churches in relation to his own are radically wrong. Candour bids us acknowledge that at home where Anglicanism was an institution by law established endowed with vast tempo ralities erroneously imagined5 to be wrung from the limited revenues of a dissenting population, a hostility was engendered and reciprocated of- a secular rather than a religious; character in which doctrinpl differences were very little if at all. involved. Transition to Yictoriq effected & thorough revolution in her position. Depressed in temporal circumstances she assumes the level and status of other denomination-- fraternis ing' with them in spirit though not per fectly identical in doctrine, and equally recognisable as an integral stone in the glorious temple of Christ’s Church. The Church of England was never dis eVangelisedin the estimation of Christen dom. We never could forget our obli gations to the} martyred bishops and laics, and such champions as of the faith as Taylor, Steli.inofleet, and Barrow. Most cheerfully other com munities have with her interchanged courtesies of Christian love, bearing each other’s burdens. Let the illusion be dissipated from the intelligence of Mr Serjeant and his advocates ; and in God’s name let them co-operate in the eradication of Popery and the extension of the kingdom of light, secular and religious, perfectly concordant on the great essentials of Christian faith, but reciprocally conceding minor points— that toleration which is the bulwark of Christian liberty. A special meeting of the Williamstown Council will he held on Monday evenin'? next at seven o’clock, for the purpose of con sidering the appointment of a commissioner to represent the horougli at the new Harbour Trust Board. . The ordinary monthly meeting of the Wyndham Council will be held on Monday A child named Charles Stubbs, about six teen months old, having died suddenly in a house in Nelson-place east, 'Williamstown, on the lGth inst,, an inquest was held on Satur day last at the Telegraph Hotel to inquire into the cause of death. Dr. Goldie made a post mortem examination, which proved that it arose from exhaustion consequent on the irritation of teething. The deceased had been in weakly health for some time, and was brought from Carlton to Williamstown by its parents about ten days prior to death in the hope that a change of air would pro* duce a far different result. Tenders have been accepted for fitting the dredge Wombat with a screw. Surely the Harbour Trust Commissioners will protest against the expenditure of money on this vessel—especially when it is suggested that this alteration is being made with a Tiew to send the dredge down to Warrnambool. The Government divers have been busily engaged during the past week or so in taking borings in the Sandridge lagoon. This taken in conjunction with the fact that tenders are invited for forming a boat harbour there leads to the conclusion that Dr. Madden’s seat is not altogether safe, and it is neces sary to pander to local wants to secure it. One question we should like to see answered, and that is—Where is the money coming from that is being so liberally spent in this locality ? One thing is certain, it is not to be found on the Estimates. The piece of land situated near the Pres byterian manse, Williamstown, which was temporarily reserved for the new Central State School, will shortly be available for other purposes. The number of births and deaths registered in Williamstown during the week ending the 10th inst. were respectively five and two. There were two births in Footscray, but no deaths. In the month of February there were thirty-one births and fifteen deaths in. Williamstown. Footscray had sixteen births and eleven deaths during the same period. Last week we were requested to correct a statement with reference to a bridal doll at tbo Congregational bazaar, Williamstown. The other day wo were again interviewed on the subject, and informed that the first report was correct. A battalion parade of the Williamstown Artillery and Naval Reserve will take place on Tuesday evening next. The Rev. J. Bayley, of the United Metho dist Free Church, Pasco street, Williamstown, will preach his farewell sermon to-morrow evening at half-past six o'clock. He is about to leave for the Sydney circuit, and will he succeeded by the Rev. J. Ross. We understand that owing to the great in crease in the consumption of gas during the last two or three years the Williamstown Company are under the necessity of making extensive additions to the works, which are now taxed to their full power of production: The directors contemplate the erection of a. third gasometer of very much larger capacity than those now in use as well as a now retort house with a number of additional retorts. They are also about to lay larger mains ira several portions of the town, and in order to. raise the necessary funds for these works they announce the issue of the remaining ISOO shares of the company for allotment,, and’ intend shortly to make a call of 2s Gd on the 10,000 shares, which are not fully paid up,, as. will be seen by our advertising columns The children of the Welsh Sunday. School! in Williamstown have presented, a, photo graph of the s.s. Oscar to the.owner, .Mr; White, Footscray. The gift is a.memento off the recent excuriion, when the steamer was kindly paced at the disposal of the young sters. The picture i3 in the window of Mr Craig, Nelson- place, WilliamBtown. The publio and members of the Wesleyan. Church, Williamstown, are invited to take a farewell of the Rev. J. Harcourt at a public meeting which is to ba held is, the school room, Pasco-street, on Tuesday evening, tha 2nd of April next. The Sunday services in connection with this clergyman’s departuva will take place on the 1st of April in the morning and eveaing. The particulars o-'£ the whole proceedings appear in. the advertising columns. Th? turret-ship Cerberus will -leave her moorings on. Monday and prow-ed to tha Meads for shot and; rmell practice. She i3 expected’ to be away B week. The United Ambient Ord-er of Druids—s benefit society gaining strength financially and num«irically rapidly—purpose opening a lodge in the Belgravia Hotel, Footscray, where intending members may enrol at all times at reduced fees up to opening night. It is only recently the order has effected amalgamation with the Sydney society, which, has changed its style- to meet the views of the Melbourne order, so that the U.A.O.D: now oilers facilities for members travelling over the Australias, th«i old and new worlds; in the latter they nu mber thousands: All information as to bei lefits is conveyed in advertisement in anothi ir column. The com mittee meet at the Belg ravia Hotel on Mon day evening next. The necessity for a th ird polling booth for the Parliamentary distr! ict of Williamstown has been observed by Mr - Mason, the newly appointed returning offic. er. He is to apply for a new booth to be ph iced near the Wil liamstown Junction, whit :h is in the centra of a large and sparsely pc ipulated part of tho borough. The long dis tance from Stoney Creek and its neighbourl lood to Stevedore street has, especially in -. wet* or stormy weather, prevented manyin elector from re cording his vote, and the p croposed new booth would accommodate those who, travelling ta Melbourne, have no time to • spare in the earijj part of the day, Lieutenant G. Perrin, Williamstown Artil lery, has been appointed Acting Brevet Cap tain, pending confirmation. Two tenders for Government contracts m Williamstown were accepted by the Board of Land and Works on Thursday last. For fencing and mooring posts at the Alfied Graving Dock Mr James Muir's oiler of £199 ■was accepted, and for boat house, boat slip and iron palisading at the Custom House Mi Thudill was successful with the sum of £611 10s (id. The fittings, &c.;, to the dredge Wombat is to cost £137S. The small patch reserved to Williamstown for cultivation as a public garden or recrea tion ground is often a matter of complaint by those who desire fo improve the barren appearance of the borough. An application was made to the Lands Department some months ago to extend the grounds to the westward, giving an increase of five acres Like many others, the requst has been lost sight of; but the Council at their meeting on Tuesday evening last determined to remind Mr Gillies of the unfair proportion of laud which they have received for pleasure and healthful exercise. A deputation will shortly wait on the Minister on other business, when an opportunity wilt be taken to discuss the application, which, it is to be hoped, will be granted. The Commissioner who will represent Wil liamstown at the new Harbour Trust Board can hold that position for four' years by the Act; but the dissatisfaction of six members of the Borough Council may any day force him to give place to another. At the meeting of the Council on Tuesday evening last it was resolved that before any gentleman re ceive his appointment he be asked to pledge himself to resign at the request of two-thirds of the members. The election will take place on Friday next. The candidates announced for Williamstown are Captain Perry, Crs Jobsou and Dowman, and Messrs Mason and White. An accident of a painful nature occurred on the afternoon of Wednesday last to Mr Bobert Stone, of Russell-street, Williamstown. He was employed testing the nature of the soil at the Sandridge lagoon, where the Go vernment propose to building a dock. Iron tubes, on the end of which was placed a wooden fender, were being driven by a mon key in the usual way. After this heavy weight had fallen and rebounded, Stone attempting to snatch away the fender, got bis right hand smashed, although fortunately no bones were broken. A serious and unaccountable accident took place at the Builders’ Arms Hotel, Ferguson street, Williamstown, on Monday evening last. An infant, about nine months old, was asleep in a cradle, over which was thrown a mosquito net. Mr Gilbert having entered the room about nine o’clock found the net ting in a blaze and his child severely burnt about the face. But for his timely rescue the baby would in all probability have been burned to death. The street window was open, and unless a lighted match was thought lessly thrown into the room by some one passing by, a cause cannot be given for the accident. The child is recovering as well as con be looked for under the circumstances. To speak a vessel bound for Guam is no extraordinary event at sea, but to fall in with a seaman making for that port at the rate of knots was a sight left to a Williamstown waterman and his party on Saturday last. About twilight Air Elliott was in his boat a long way oil the Back Beach, beating home wards against a head wind. A small object, some considerable distance ahead, was seen bobbing on the surface of the water, and they had all but run it down when it was observed to be the head of a swimmer striking out at his hardest in the direction of the Heads. He was taken on board, but could give no intelligible account of where he was going or why he was there. To the fortunate circumstance of meeting a boat in a large Bay when darkness was coming on he owes his life. The Williamstown Artillery were inspected for the third time during the present year on the afternoon of Saturday last. At three o’clock the corps, under the command of Captain Douch, mustered in Nelson-place, near the Custom House, and accompanied by the band marched to the Lighthouse Battery. Shortly after being drawn up in line, the uniform and accoutrements were minutely inspected by Colonel Lemarcband, after which they were dispersed to witness the big-gun match. A big-gun match took place at the Light house Battery, Williamstown, on Saturday afternoon last. The competing detachments were under Sergeants Drew and Pitt, and Corporals Jones, Iloldsworth, Stone, and McCalluin. The guns used were 80-pounders, each detachment firing five rounds, three as shot and two as shell. The shooting on the whole was considered to be excellent, shot after shot falling apparently in close proxi mity to the target, and to the uninitiated there appeared to be little, if any, advantage .which ona detachment had over the other; Captain Stubbs, who acted as judge, some what confirmed this opinion ; for at the close of the competition he expressed his surpiise at the advanced state of efficiency in which he found the detachments. The band played at intervals during the afternoon, and the public attended in pretty large numbers. Tuesday last was the day fixed for re ceiving tenders for the new Central State school, Williamstown. On the Wednesday following Mr A. T. Clark waited upon the Minister of Education, who, after carefully going into the whole matter, decided on ac cepting the tender of Messrs Eeanlaud and Spencer, which amounted to £0827, the material being bluestone. Althongh this sum was about £300 above that for a brick build ing, Mr Bamsay considered that the durability of stone more than counterbalanced the dif ference in price. We congratulate our local contractors on the result, and from a Pro tectionist point of view are glad that the sub stantial materials which the borough can produce will be utilised in this national work. Mr Bamsay has our hearty thanks for the prompt and vigorous action he has taken throughout the whole affair, which may be mainly attributed to the deep interest the people of Williamstown have shown in all matters appertaining to the education of the young. A new clipper schooner, to be called the Martha, built to the order of Captain McLachlan, of Williamstown, is to be launched on Thursday next from Legg’s building yard. No expense has been spared by the owner in his endeavours to obtain a substantial and well equipped vessel, and in consequence of the workmanship and material being of the best description he has been fortunate in securing one which has been pronounced by competent surveyors as “ well •and faithfully built,” and reflecting great • credit on the builder. Her dimensions are as follows.: Length on keel 63 feet, over all 74 feet; beam, 17 feet 3 inches; depth of hold, 5 feet 6 inches. The framing and planking ■ are blue gum, topsides and decks being of 2-1-inch Oregon pine. This is the third vessel ■ which has been built at this establishment ■ within a very short period, the other two ’• being successfully engaged in the Gippsland ■ Jftkej trade. I- Edward Toby Stone, qnmryman, Yarra >- ville, is reported to be insolvent from losses on a road metal contract. The liabilities are £:,2 7s (id ; assets, £5 ; and the deficiency, j £u0 7s Gd. William Smith, of Twvford street, Williamstown, contractor, states the d cause of his insolvency to be losses on cou g tracts. The liabilities are £(113 Is ; assets, £623 11s ; surplus, £10 7s lOd. r a very important matter to publicans was 1 mentioned at the meeting of the Footscray e Council on Wednesday evening last. .Some time since a piece of ground was granted , near the Stone Cutting Company’s works for the erection of a morgue. The Council urged f the Government to proceed with the work at once. A letter was received, which appears 1 in the report of the Council’s proceedings j intimating the decision arrived at. For in s formation we publish the 73rd section of the , Act—“ Every licensed publican shall at the j. request of any officer or constable of police , receive into the house mentioned in such j license or upon the premises occupied there I with (not being a house or-premises situated j within a distance of two miles from any . morgue or police station) any dead body that l may be brought to such house for the purpose , of an inquest being held thereon.” It can be , easily understood that the police will not take dead bodies to their quarters when they can go to an hotel. [ The following notice, which appeared in . Inst .Saturday’s Gazette, is important to s quarrymen :—“ The temporary reservation, , by Order of the 23rd October, 1871, of six r acres of land, ns n site in the parish of Cut , Paw- Paw, whence stone may he procured under license, being portion of subdivision 1 , of allotment 3 of section 13, is about to be . revoked so far as regards the portion thereof , comprised within the boundaries hereinafter described, viz.:—Three acres thirty-eight | perches, county of Bourke, parish of Cut Paw-Paw : Commencing at the south-west angle of subdivision 2 ; bounded thence by that subdivision bearing S. Sit- 30’ E. three chains ninety-two links ; thence by lines bearing respectively 8. 0- 30’ W. eight chains twenty-six links and N. 89- 30’ W. three chains ninety-two links; and thence by a road bearing N. 0- 30’ E. eight chains twenty six links to the point of commencement.” Last week’s Gazette contained an amend ing Port and Harbour regulation with re ference to boarding vessels before the blue flag is hauled down as follows :—*■ No person except the pilot and other duly authorised officers of Government and such reporters for the press as hold a written authority from the Commissioner of Trade and Customs shall go on board of or leave any ship carry ing passengers entering or within any port until such vessel has been cleared by the Immigration Officer, which clearance will be indicated by the blue flag bei»g hauled down: Provided nevertheless that agents of ships and their authorized clerks may, by written permission from the Commissioner of Trade and Customs, go on board vessels consigned to them after the clearing oflicer has boarded, and with his concurrence, notwithstanding the blue flag is still flying.” A SPLENDID variety of pure alpacas and new spring fabrics, just landed ex Loeli Vennackar, at George Davis’, Importer. Barkly-street, Footscray (next Charles War ren’s, Grocer, and nearly opposite Wilson’s Barkly Hotel). Ladies wanting millinery or costumes before purchasing at a small suburban store, should inspect the MAGNIFICENT stock at Edwin Geach's, 143 Bourkc- street east. Win cey and alpaca costumes complete from 14s 9d. Quilted alpaca skirts 60s per doz,. or as each. Wilcox and Gibbs, Machine Depot. —(Advt.J We beg to call the attention of our readers to the great clearing-out sale of ladies’, girls' and children’s costumes, underclothing, baby linen, millinery, Ac.—commencing on Satur day, February 3rd, and continuing for four weeks, at Mrs Dorgan’s, Eastern Arcade, Melbourne. For particulars see handbills.— 