PROVINCIAL WAGGA WAGGA. *Thb frosts, which had been filling the minds of a good many with fear for the future, broke up in the middle ?of the week before Ia6t, and a change set in for rain 'with that mild temperature designated at this time of the year as nice growing weather. The quantity of rainfall that followed was not very great, as we had but a few light showers in the latter part of the week. In the week now past with its new moon the weather has oeen unuormiy ary, vain, a moderate warmtn in tne «un. Yesterday was decidedly a genuine spring day, with bright sunshine, the sky without a cloud, and most refreshing breezes blowing all day long. Judging from present indications I fear that we are not likely to have any more rain for a time. The JIurrumbidgee continues very low — is, in fact, lower at this time than it has been for the correspond ing seasons of past years. As a consequence, and a very important consequence for us, the river trade is held completely in check. As yet we have had none of the cargo steamers up. The Enterprise, the Government enagging steamer, of very light draught, ?came up in the early part of last week, after having been stuck fast for some day6 a short distance down. The Corroug left Hay with a full cargo a fortnight : back, but was unable to {jot along, as she was j aground the other side of Narrandera, and cannot ! get up until we have a rise in the river. With this state of things, we have a produce market but ill supplied, and the prices nil ing are high, and promise to be higher. Oats are bringing here 7s. , per bushel, with low stocks; maize, 8s. 6d. per bushel ; flour, £20 per ton ; whilst the housekeeping purse is sorely tried in the high prices of many articles, ' potatoes at 15s. per cwt., butter, salted keg only to be i had, 2s. 6d. p«r lb. ; fresh butter' and eggs being veritable memories of the past. I do not think we , are likely to see much change in dairy produce this year. The prospect of grass is not sufficient to lead . ; us to hope for much reduction, and the severe losses ? of dairy stock amongst the small settlers have dried ? up to a'great extent the local sources of our supplies, i so that we shall be dependent upon distant pastures, ?with the attendant evil of costly carriage. The business of the stock market has not been very brisk, owing to the general scarcity of all classes of stock. With the heavy losses oi the past season in sheep there are of course large demands for re stocking, the more so as the lambing returns this ' season may be in most localities set down as almost j nil. But no very large quantities of sheep are offer- ] ing in any of the important 6tock centres, and hence j we find that business in. the country markets i6 every- ] ?where very 6low. The probabilities are that a great ] many runs will have some chance of a recovery now j from the evil effects of successive years of overstock- ' ing, and that the grazing prospects of twelve months i hence will be very much changed for the better. Despite the great demand for sheep, the pastoralists of this district are in no wise charmed by the picture of advantages to be gained, drawn by those of their 'Victorian brothers, who were agitating some time back for the removal of the quarantine restrictions between the two colonies. The feeling given expression to, at the meeting of sheep owners in the .Albury district reported by vour correspondent, is similar to that wliich exists here. Judging by the general opinion of the large number of pastoralists ?who visit Wagga, the Albury flockmasters may be 'taken as the representatives of Riverina ideas on this matter. Fat stock movements are few. Cattle difficult to get hold of, sheep still more so. Prices are high, and meat, in spits of the keenest competition amongst the butchers, is very dear. Some moderate-weight bullocks, say about 700 lbs., were sold last week at an average of £8 10s., and 60me other lots are offering from £8 10s. to £10 10s. Fat sheep are quoted up to 12s. 6d. ; but as our butchers do not appear to have been able to obtain supplies I suppose this quotation is merely nominal. The list of electorates under the new Electoral Act has gone the rounds of criticism amongst us, and the committee appointed at a public meeting some time back, at which a petition for a member for the borough of Wagga Wagga was adopted, have taken cognizance of the matter. For some reason or other, those of the Wagga electors who take any interest in public mat ters were tolerably sanguine that the prayer of the Jetition would have great weight with Sir Henry arkes, and the promotion of the borough to the ' dignity of an electorate was looked upon as almost a certainty. That it is omitted from the list is a disap pointment, though the division of the Murrutnbidgee into three electorates be ever so great a concession. The committee held a meeting on Friday last, presided over by the Mayor, at which a letter -was read from Mr. Leary, announcing the fact that the Premier had not seen fit to make provision for a member for Wagga. After some discussion it was agreed to adjourn the meeting, as it -was not considered well to take any further steps in the matter until the boundaries of the new electorates were obtainable. I note that the cry as to the desirability of getting local men as representatives is being revived, and it is urged ad nattteum that these with a money stake in the ? district would do more towards its improvement, by obtaining aid from the public purse. The likely men no one attempts yet to name, and, vf the truth may be told, when the matter is considered at all, the confession is invariably forced, that we have no men in this district of sufficient ? ability who have the means or the inclination to epend so large a part of their time in Sydney as the Par liamentary work of the present day demands. The reply of the t ,olonial Secretary to the appli cation for a grant for the waterworks' scheme of the Municipal Council, has been received. It means that ?Government will help those who help themselves — in other words, for every £2 subscribed by the Wagga people for the proposed -works, £1 will be placed on the Estimates. If by subscription ?we are to understand what is vulgarly known as Bending round the hat, a man need not be verr much of a prophet to relegate our waterworks to an indefinite future. It is to be hoped, however, that with this aid offered, and the smaller sum necessary, the objection of the majority of our aldermen to borrow money will give ?way for this work, of which we are in such absolute need. The request for the services of Mr. Clark, the hydraulic engineer, has been, as I predicted it would, refused. A new idea in our town improvement has been started by the Mayor in the introduction of the tar pavements. Mr. 'Hodson has had the frontage of come shops, his property, hud down with this material, and a number of other property holders are about to follow his example. In appearance the new pavement ?will be immeasurably superior to the glaring hot-looking red brick, the material upon which we have hitherto relied for this class of work. The appointment of Mr. Scarr as handicapperto the Murrumbidgee Turf Club was decided on on Monday last, and will no doubt give satisfaction, as his'handi \- caps for last year met with prettv general approval. j An inquest was held on Friday, on the body of a ] man named William Fiskin, in which the evils of j excessive indulgence in drinking colonial wine was ' .forcibly illustrated. From the evidence it appears that deceased called at the house of Steiner, a Tine yard keeper, near Wagga, on the 1st instant, bearing the appearance of a man suffering from the effects of a heavy drinking bout. He remained for a few days indulging more or less in colonial wine, and then was seized with fita, on which he was taken to the hospital. There he was seen by Dr. Wren on his admission on the 10th. The doctor found him in ' a fearful state of prostration' and could not get any information from him beyond the fact that he had been drinking a great quantity of colonial wine, and on the following day he died. Dr. Wren made a post-mortem examination, and gave positive evidence that death resulted from excessive drinking, and that of a recent date. A pigeon match, for £25 a side, took place on Thursday last, about which there was more than the average interest. The competitors were Mr. A. M'Entyre, of Oura, and Mr. E. Stedworthy, Mr. M'Entyre winning by two birds, the number of pigeons fired at being twenty-five for each. In the matter of amusements we have not had much to talk of of late. An announcement that Mr. Levy, the celebrated cornet player, with, a concert company, will visit us for three nights, on the 26th instant, has therefore been received with much satisfaction by the music- loving portion of the community. The company includes Mrs. Smythe, Mr. Vemon Reid, Miss St. Clair, and Mr. F. Rainford. The Postal Reform -Committee have again addressed the Postmaster-General, urging upon him the neces sity of a mail to Hay three times a week, and I believe memorials are being forwarded from Hay and Narrandera for the same object. We are looking forward with considerable interest to the probable result of Mr. Leary's efforts to get the Government to purchase the bridge. Beyond a doubt it is time the keystone was pulled out of this monopoly. Its pressure on the wealthy owner of buggy or carriage is hard enough in the extraordi nary heavy tolls, but to the poor selector who trade3 with the town the tolls are a frightful tax, and the bridge during the past hard times has been more than ever to them a ' bridge of sighs.' If Mr. Leary succeeds in his good work, you may take my word for it that not even the much-coveted coming local man will have a ghost of a chance against him in the new electorate of Clarendon. The stock sales for the past week have been with out any importance, no large sales having been reported. The Land Office business of Thursday shows con ditional purchases of 355 acres in four selections. At a Crown lands sale held on Thursday, 2104 acres were 6old to various buyers. Shearing operations this year will not only be on a scale considerably reduced by the decrease in stock, but will be commenced at a very much later period than usual on a great number of stations. From Coree, Wunnamurra, Moonbria, Widgiewa, Coonorig, Bundure, and Boonoke, the announcement comes that work will not be commenced till September, and the stations in this neighbourhood will also be over a month later than their usual time for commencing work. July 16. ? 