MUSIC AND DRAMA. After three months' successful season in Sydney, Mr. Daiupier appeared for the last time, at present, on Friday evening, the 11th instant, at the Victoria Theatre. For his farewell he chose the first play in which he appeared here ? ' Hamlet.' Scarcely, if ever, was it better performed during the season. Mr. Dampier surpassed himself, and the company evidently acted with a will and desire to do justice to the play and the eminent actor who made himself so much their friend. Mr. and Mrs. Fulford were called at the end of the fourth act, and Mr. Dampier at the end of the others. The cast of the play was the same as on former . representations with the exception of the Ghost, which, in in the absence of Mr. Bartlett, was taken by Mr. Booth, to whom it is due to say that he spoke the lines well and that he acted very carefully. After the fall of the curtain Mr. Dan.pier, in'reply to a loud call, appeared, and hi a few neat rcmarkt: expressed his gratification at the success he had met with in Sydney and his obligations to the company genaa ly, to Mr. Bryan and Mr. Burgess, and to the pubBc his acquaintance with whom, he trusted, might be renewed at no distant date. Mr. Dumpier then retired amid loud cheers. A notice of the varied parts impersonated by Me Dampier during his 6tay in Sydney must be held over thie week. A complimentary benefit was tendered on Monday night to Mr. B. N. Jones, the stage manager. The pnrf ormances cen nistcdof thecomedy 'A Bachelor of Arts,' Madame Franzini' bicycle act. and the Irish drama ' Savourneen Dheelish.' There was a crowded house, and at the end of the first piece a presentation was made to Mr. Jones. On behalf of Mr. Dampier, Miss Annie Pixley presented him with a hand some pearl pin and ring and a gold locket ; and, on behalf ?of the company of the theatre, Miss Myra Kemble presented a purse of sovereigns -and address expressive of the kind feelings entertained by them towards him. Mr. Jones ap p-opriatcly acknowledged both presentations. The Hercules Amateur Dramatic Society gave a most successful entertainment ou Wednesday night in the Victoria Theatre before a large and most appreciative audience, in aid of the society's wardrobe and library fund. The pieces chosen were Gilbert's fine come-dy 'Under his Thumb,' and the well- known farce ' The Artful Dodge.' Some clever tricks of legerdemain, including the well-known canary cage illusion, were also performed by Professor Lees. The amateurs were assisted by several lady professionals connected with the theatre, and all performed their several parts to the satisfaction of the audience, as shown by the applause given during the performance. The other performances at this theatre have been unimportant. At the Theatre Royal on Saturdny night the ' Woman in Hed ' was produced. Notwithstanding the 6tormy ?weather there waB a crowded houso, and subsequent repre sentations during the week have proved the popularity of Ihe piece. This is no new play, and it has frequently been performed here ; but the present version is said to be the London one, as played there by Miss Ada Ward. This lady, as Rudiga, had another success. The part was carefully played, and made very effective, especially as phe looked the character so well. The piece was splen didly mounted, the scenery in particular being excellent. The Rainford Amateur Dramatic Club gave a perform ance at the Queen's Theatre in aid of the Glebe Volunteer Fire Company on Monday- There was a tolerably numer ous attendance, and the entertainment consisted of the drama 'Lizzie Leigh,' Mr. Lohrie'e clog dance, and the farce, ' My Neighbour's Wife.' A young amateur society calling themselves the Royal Ster Minstrels gave their first performance at the Odd fellows' Hall, Ashfield, on Thursday evening last, to a large and appreciative audience, who, by their repeated plaudits, seemed to enjoy the entertainment. The London Echo says *. — ' A performance of Verdi's 'Requiem,' free from the interest and excitement which attended its introduction under the auspices of the illus trious composer, was needed to confirm the favourable opinion that has been expressed of its merits, and test its powers of enlisting the sympathies of the general musical puWJc. Though anxiously looked for, such a performance has been long delayed, owing doubtless to the inability of our musical societies to command the same amount of execu tive ability as was brought to bear upon the work whea Verdi himself first introduced it to an English audience. The desired performance took place before as large an audience as ever assembled in the Royal Albert Hall. The result testified to the worth of previously expressed opinions, and indicated the measure of the future popu larity in store for Verdi's chef d'amvre. Before an audience well versed in the sublime oratorios of Bach, Handel, and Mendelssohn, and the no lees sublime ' Re quiem' of Mozart, it would not have been surprising had the more dramatic character of Verdi's ' Requiem ' found, objectors, especially as the performance was experimental, and was to decide whether the ' Requiem ' music was of the order to justify its being associated with those works ?which constitute the repertory of the Royal Albert Choral Society. But the proofs of genius v, are too numerous to admit of nice distinctions being made between what is ecclesiastical and what is sacred, whilst the pathetic character of some of the phrases was so touching, the de scription of the anguish of the unredeemed so graphic, the originality of every motivo so striking, and the skill of a great master so apparent, that the judgment pronounced by Spohr on Rossini'B ' ' Stabat Mater ' ' might fairly be said to be that of the entire audience : — ' If we may not call it Church music, let us agree to speak of it as fine music, as the best fruits of a composer's giftslaid on tlie altar of his religion.' In answering the question, ' Are the English a musical people r' the same paper has the following : — To refute error and vindicate truth is no less a duty in matters musical than in the greater affairs of life ; and although from a utilitarian point of view long-cherished fallacies in the domain of art are of little account, it would not be difficult to show that these are often as prejudicial to the material interests of a country as they are to its artistic renown. At all events, it is right to combat them on every fitting occa sion. There is no greater fallacy than that which stig matizes the English nation as unmusical, and there are no statements more mendacious than those which accuse English musicians with being less instructed, and English performers with being less artistic, than those of other countries. Now, so long as foreign musicians, with no finer talents than their English confreres, are more esteemed, and so long as foreign artists of second-rate ability are more patronized and better paid than English artiBts of the same standing, excuses for Continental super ciliousness must be admitted; but the assertion that the English people are unmusical — i.e., inappreciative of the noblest thoughts expressed in music by the great composers — is perfectly indefensible, and can be refuted, not only by arguments, but by facts, ' which blaze with too great an evidence to be denied.' In no dry besides London are concerts like those . directed by Mr. Arthur Chap pell, and known as the ' Monday Popular,' given bo frequently, eo continuously, and so free from ad captandum appeals to public favour. Yet the Monday popular concerts are always fully attended, and never lack support. This fact, combined with the interest taken in our Philharmonic societies, our Sacred Harmonic institutions, and the Classical Concerts at the Crystal Palace, shows forcibly what are the musical proclivities of the country, and relegates the idea of our being uumusical to the category of ' vulgar errors;' In fact, the only accusa tion that, can be sustained against English audiences is tha of favouring foreign talent at the expense of that which is native. The Claimant and Hi6 Treatment in Prison. — The wifeof the ' Claimant '(says the Scotsman) has written to Mr. Secretary Cross complaining of the manner in which her bneband is treated, and asking for a personal interview upon the matter. The letter is signed ' M. H. Tichbome.' Mr, Cross replies to « Mrs. M. H. Castro,' and states that the prisoner lias the same opportunity as all convicts have of making any complaint he pleases— either to the Directors of \ Convict Prisons at their periodical visits to Dartmoor, or to the Secretary of State. A complaint was made by the prisoner in July last that he had been improperly punished by the prison authorities. This was fully inquired into, and it was found that the convict had been confined in a separate cell for one night, and not further punished. The reply also states that no further complaint had been made, and that the Secretary of State must decline to grant a personal interview.^ 