RODNEY ELECTION. (To the Editor of the Riverine Herald.) SIR,-Mr. Fraser has announced his un compromising hostility to Mr. Shackell, and reliably lie will now put forth hiB utmost energies to secure the return of his bosom friond, tho Hon. Duncan Gillies. In so far as this concerns himself personally in his private capacity as a resident of Rodney, there can bo no reasonable objection raised to it, for it is to be presumed he knows his own business best. But when he assumes the questionable behaviour of a political flirt in ^tempting to lift into public favor a politician whose conduct in parliament has become unpopular throughout the colony, he subjects himself to suspicion. When we re pose confidence in a man wo feel iv sudden repulsion of feeling at a breach of faith. In Mr. Fraser's published in timation to tho electors, he insists on it being understood that ho would run alone, and identify himself \vitbl tho candidature of no one, yet in the face''.J that announcement ho has from tho first in tended to take, and of late has actually taken, the Hon. Duncan Gillies by the hand. Now if this is not a breach of faith I would be glad to know what is. I maintaiu Mr. Fraser has broken faith with his committeo in Echuca. He has taken this course on tho plea that his honor has been assailed. ' It ap penrs Mr. Shackell holds the opinion that if Rodney had had more representation in the House (say two members) its political signifi cance would proportionately have beon in creased, which I take it is a very reasonable inferenco. Mr. Fraser thinks, however, that it is neither more nor less than a reflection on his honor, which is very singular, for never before in this world that I know of has a man considered his honor impeached by be ing told that two has more lelative valuo than one. It is reprehensible in any man, particularly in a man like Mr. Fraser, who has had the confidence of Rodney to the ex tent that ho had, to shelter himself under a cover of evasive trickery. At his committee meeting on Friday evening last, a gentleman asked Mr. Fraser tho truth of the rumour as to his being running in disguise witli Mr. Gillies. .' If," answered he, the " ministerial programme when announced is in agree ment with my views, I have no other alter native than to run with Mr. Gillies." This is no answer at all, but a leap from tho present to a contingency' in tho future. The question asked, referred not to the future, but with his association with Mr. Gillies since that gentleman and he announced their intention to contest the election. Now, by your per mission Mr. Editor, I will put the saiuo question again, but in a ditl'erent form. Has not Mr. Fraser from tho outset of Mr. Gillies' candidature, assisted that gentle man by his company I Has he not solicited personally, by letter and by circular, in and around Heathcote, Rushivorth, Costerfield, and Mooroopna, Ac, the votes and influence of the electors in Mr. Gillies' favor I If Mr. Fraser lias done this, his honor, of which ho seems to be so solicitous, is liable to become the subject of criticism, and his interpretation of Mr. Shackell's expression will be at once under stood. Mr. Gillies is dearer to him than Mr. Shackell. Ho believes himself certain of being returned, and knowing as ho does that without his influence his protege wonld not have the ghost of a chance, he has furnished his friends with a piece of incon sistency and slipperiness which they are un willing to believe of him. As I may have I occasion to trouble yon again, Mr. Editor, I I will conclude by wishing Mr. Fraser tho benefit of his proceedings. -Yours. &c.;, MUTII LABBEN. 2Gth March, 1877. 