\ [:-r^iM:: 0Mmjn^.;7^Ui ;i .:?'??? ' ,' ?. ' i ... ?; :j.«r- '.'.'? ??? i ???? Jl'-1 ! [ Any ?one- who will refer to the j colnmna o£ ! fh&Sph-itualist;, ov other o'rgana of vjhafc olasa,1 I willbe able to form an idea , of tlip'^ztent tjf ; tbQ system which has b'qon'jet;pn;fobt. :( Tho j ie^d-giuai'ters of fcho bod^'in'XpnSobLiire ai thetoomsof the 'British Natipnfd; Asaoci , ation of Spiritnalista' ini BIdomsbury, where there are 'frequent meetings and seances, and : everything is done by social arnnsements to attract' adherents. This : organisation, . we ; are told, has public offices, a .readingTroon), and libilary, with a lady secretary in atten. dance toreceive visitors and answer inquiries j and the admiasion fee is a guinea a year. We leam further from the Spiritualist that, 'iflmong the numerous advantages offered to visitors' at these rooms, *?', it is perhaps not generally known that the truly. English in. stitntion of four-o'clock tea is included, and furnished for a very moderate sum' j and that 'tho afternoon being the favorite time for callers, Spiritualists often meet their friends and enjoy refreshment simultane ously.' Concerts, , recitations, and other per formances aro occasionally given in the oven ing ; and we observe an advertisement announcing that a number of ladies have rnado arrangements for a ball 'for thei amusement and entertainment of the younger Spiritualists.' Moreover, it would appear that a private boarding-house has also been set np^ in the neighborhood , of the aKsociation's rooms by V the generous efForts of . friends of the Cause,' in order to meet ' the long- expressed want of a metro uoli tan. centre where Spiritualists visiting London can secure domestic com forts without vthe inconvenience of a public hotel.' It is stated to be ' in the very area of tho Spiritual movement,' and 'its ar rangements have been designed with ? a special view to tho requirements of Spirit* ualitits,' ?which, wo suppose, means that visitors will be roused in the morning, by spirit-rapping and other noiseB, and that the waiting will bo done- by aerial attendants. There is also a bookseller, occupying part of tho promises of the asuooiation, who seems to do a good busineoa in Spiritualistic publica. tions, including snoh works aa Strange Visitors!, which is, it seems,, 'a sories of original papers, embracing Philosophy, Sciunce, Government, Religion, Poetry, Art, Fiction, Prophocy,' &o.;, V by. tho spirits of Irving, Willia, Thackeray, Byron, Bronte, IUohtcr, Hawthorne, Wesley, Humboldt, Browning, and others,' whioh wondorful artioles were diotated through a clairvoyant, while in a tranco state, and are of tho most intonsely intorosting and enthralling nature.' Another book of this cIoeb, called-. The Soul of Things, ia said to bo based on tho testimony of olairvoyanta who wqro em ployed by the writer .to 'reveal to him by vision events connected with tho early history o£ geological opooimona,' ,Thoy V thus saw tho mastqdon and othor extinot animals, as if living and moving hoforo thorn ;' nnd furthor oxaminod difforont t)lanots and obtained particulars of their in mbitnuts, physionlgoography, and vego.tation« Thoro are also collcotions of. poetry *' given by spirits'' through mediums. Tho trado of nicduuna ^ is, of oourso, promoted by tho introduction of novices under tho auspices of a social orgauioatiou. Tho National Aanocia tion ia in connootion with a numbor of alliod i eooiotiea in tho euburba of Lon doa and iu various ucvrfco of tho oountry, do that thoro must bo a wide oirolo of inlluoncp vory .poworfnl' in its otl'oqt ou light nud guldy. minds. .Sorao inodiuMw nro not afraid to advoitiao openly m tbo Spiritualist ami othor.papors. Ouo of tlltilll. a lr.llv. lUninlDIIMnt.hnUlin I. in ?-„ fnnrv scaucc tor Jloaling ' ovory Muuday moruiuo ? ami that, though tlio public aitho^a In tho evening am givou ?up,-..-i-Spiritualwt friouda aromlnnttodnulioforo,' m»l ' private cou uultiitiono ' can bo arfangud at the rate of ouo guinoa a lioad. , Tho pvograinmo inoludoa 41 trnuqo, olnirvoyonpo, healiug dovolopmout, &o;,' Tlu'ii tboro ia a Mr. M— — , who oallo himself »n 'jjiffpirationol trauoo npoalw,' and ib alwnyavuuily to «ocopb an onganemont to puiform. Mr. W ? alao civea his , ml. druao iuul Iiouiu of profosHioual attoudauoo for tho t'couptiun of viuitaiaamlfriumlij, Au othur modtum atmotuwos that, 'iiaving tho promise of ussitttanoo by my ppirit'guidoa,' no propoaoa . to open vecmea in tho usiat of Jjouilou. A. Fronoh lady prooloima hovaolf a ' good uiodiuiu for rape.' iu nhort, it wouU nppoai- (hat n very lirluk -uid prolitivblo buai. niiu in ilono by a good many pooplu within 'tbo urea of Spiritual movoinout.' . Modi* uma, Uowovti'r, »ro aomotimos unfortuunto j audonoof them in tho (tU«Aling' liuo tUtaa that hohoshndftbud -tlmoof U lately, nnd would libo toomlgrRto If nuy ouo would pay bin pasango wid gtvo biiu aoiao- vwfc-off olothlug. , , ,| ?;? , ? .?.:?.' A Urga put of tho Spiritualist U of ooproo oooupiod with accounts oi tho iej^a of wodK uu« *t Uio fcMoolAiiou , auii ♦tb,w,.-!ea»wikt llii- i . modwio, ) , who ,t»i ..? «uppoaed . to bo i Uod - up, uilko; i.ih» » il5»y«nport broUiwi, am -«, .ta,., to uAmibl^.tftmovo; ot^o^od«l^ACttrk^,wWohittw«aS view in f the redncedgasHglit.'?) / ThU cabindt is . linden ther- rfpeoiatiTpatrdria^ejtff eilxtky, Bgirit: nrtraed Josyvvwho Ima'kiea ? fnanyii re-I marks andi^dcoatiiSnally ipinchca oc; pobcbefc the:' Company.- r:Ib iscadmitt^d-;; Dyiiither Experimental; Eetfeat'choi Coinmittee .thafi hitherto .they haver not. obtained! any phe-i ?nomerift ?; MrtinSer J;.'what;!infty;-nbffrftormedL absolnte .te3fc cofaditionSjVv ?whrch^- they ? re* mzsrk, ;aro: difBcolt'cfco apply; ;and theyy therefote, suggest that tho more satisfactory i conrBQ \b to - eeEk 'Mot: jrldral ; as well as 'physical proof in a receptive father than iitt. an .Inveatigating- and analytical frame of imind. '! : A' happily cultivated mental - frame! !of. ' ithia ; kind munfc ; certainlyi ihav& ? been re : quired inr order to believe in, the middle-aged 'lady; ;with ' dark :tiair,i who: ia: transformed, i first intd the appearance at a man with ! heavy, dark &air; sdi then into ithht of aa jold .lady 'with silver- hair y. on the yonng ilatly wbx^assumes the 'ispect of her deceaned brother and other people who have died, not only in features^ butin height and size ;-s or that other' yonng lady .who-, .by.-tho aid o£ ,tka. ghost r. of ' art i old dootor, when, told !tho:o.diBeaj/e3^ of V- persona, ,can ? proscriba for ?-??': thoni 'without .even: . seeing: them, and.- produces:, writings* :- in Frencli and; Latin,- , of which :Iangnagea. oho -has bo knowledge. ; Something of; the same frame of mind, too, iB.eviden.fc in. a, theory; .started by Bliss- Kislingbury,.: the.1 secrsfory of the JfTationaL . . A&ociatibrfi.; ? , ,It seems that' it happens not. Unfreqtieatly at the , rseancea of that' body- that; attempta at materialisation are not BiicceaafnJ, and ithafc ^ Joey ' pro mises to'ahow- opirit hands which are not forthcoming ; and' Miss Ki3liogbury heiseli admits that, she has 'more than, once seen co- called materialisations which bore every evidence of the medium in disgnisey and very poor disguise .too.' But she charitably accbanta for this.by the supposition thatthe medium is in the hand3 of a spirit which forces him to do this, and thatbe is thna 'to some, extent transformed.' The practical qaeatiou is, of course, whether these mani festations are not of much the aame order as thoae for which Lawrence hks been sent to prison : arid it is at leafst easy to see how im becile and fanatical credulity on the one hand,, and the cunning .'of interested per-, formers on the other, naturally furnish abundant opportunities and encouragement for the most arrant impostures.— Saturday JRevieu/m ?„?.??'.;????.?: ?'.'. . '. 