of the performers -we shall criticise them as amateurs, 'being-,* as is oar wont in each cases, 'to their faults a little (though perhaps only a little) blind and to their virtues ever kind.' Taken from this standpoint, then, we must pronounce Mr. Whinhanrs Hamlet a ^success. Doubtless other critics might hold a different view, and might even object to his whole conception of the character. It is cer tainly a pretentious one for an amateur to essay. We. think that in some parts, especially in dialogue, he portrayed in a natural and very effective manner the peculiarities of the melau choly Prince of Denmark. But in some other vortions — the soliloquies generally, and more particularly the beautiful one beginning 'To be,' or not to be'— he was decidedly stiff, and even harsh and somewhat unsympathetic. ? The selectioas rendered included the Ghost Scene^ that between Hamlet, Polonius, and the I'layers; and the portion of the tragedy in which Hamlet bids the fair Ophelia 'get to a nunnery/7 In Mr. 'Whinham's acting during the ghost scene some of the attitudes were qnitc original; and when we say this, and add that they were highly dramatie in effect and yet natural, we have paid to the actor the high compliment which he deserves. In our opinion he was best in the ghost scene, which Le had evidently studied with care and intelli gence. His worst effort, we think, was when speaking to the players, while the representa tion of lti* interview with Ophelia did him credit. The same meed of praise mast b^ j;aid to the*- lady amateur who under took the part of the fair Ophelia aud mourned in bitterest agony the woful change which had taken place in her quondam lover. The lady was perhaps a little too slow— a very unusual fault — in her delivery ; but on the whole she very fairly realized the spirit and profundity of the words she uttered. Before concluding our notice of Hamlet we must not forget to mention Mr. Laughtoifs Polonins. It was decidedly original in its conception; but unfortunately, as it seemed to us, a little too much of the low comedy element was allowed to enter into the dress and deportment, and even grimaces aud attcrances of the old hypocritical courtier. Mr.$ Laughton would do well to alter this defect. His acting was decidedly good. The leading performers were very well supported by the other members of the caste, not oue of whom proved a fuilure. The entertainment was concluded with Mr. H. J. Byron's burlesque of 'Aladdin, or the 'Wonderful Scamp.' The play had been very cleverly ami extensively localized by Mr. D. M. Magill, of the ReyUttr Office, and the whole of the persons who took part in it, with two exceptions, were members of the staff of this journal. The caste was arranged as follows :— The Emperor, Mr. R. J. Rigaut! ; Vizier, Sir. C. H. Franklin ; Pekoe, Lady Amateur ; Aladdin, Master F. Bevilaqua ; Abanazar, Mr. D. M. Magill; 'Widow Twankey, Mr. J. C. F. Johuson : Princess Badroulboudour, Mr. B. H. Friend ; Slave of the Lamp, Mr. S. J. 'Wbitniore ; and the Genius of the Ring, Jlaster AY*. Carr. As indicated in the prologue, the burlesque was acted on Thursday night for the second time. It was originally arranged for and played at the re union of the Rnjiite.' employes which took place a few weeks ago in 'White's Rooms. It was then so favourably received that ' the manage ment'' decided to repeat it for the benefit of the Children's Hospital. We must confess that, taken as a whole, the repetition of the per formance was uot equal to the original. The siug iug was again the chief defect, and the voices of some of the performers are not strong enough for the stage. Still, with these two difficulties to contend against, the entertainment passed off well, and evidently to the great delight of the audience. There were a few hitehes apparently, though, of course, iu the burlesque they would be little noticed by the uninitiated —excepting iu oue rather flagrant instance. The dancing, too, was not performed so re gularly or with such grace — if grace be under Mtood to form part of the acting in a burlesque — but iu spite of all these minor failings we think the performers, considered as amateurs, did remarkably well; and there i« great credit due to them for the amount of time aud trouble they must have expended in their preparatory rehearsals. Beginuing with 31r. Johnson (who also acted as stage manager), we must say that his u make-up' as the 'Widow Twankey was excellent, and the vitality and humour he threw into his part were highly creditable to him ns an old favourite in the amateur dramatic '? line.' He was several times loudly applauded: and what is more, he de served it. Several floral offerings rewarded Master Bevilaqua for his clever interpretation of the character of Aladdin. To us, he did not seem so much at home on the stage on Thursday last as on the previous occasion; and, moreover, his magnificent clear voice is now breaking, and it had very sensibly deteriorated since we last heard him. Had we criticised his performances a month ago, we should have said that a better Aladdin could scarcely be found in any youth of his age in tha colony, his enunciation being shrill, clear, aud pleasant, his ** make-up' very agreeable to the eye,and his daucing,acting,and singing, especially the latter, being excellent, He is still a capital Aladdin, and all who snw him on Thursday must liave been delighted with his perfor mances. To Mr. Magill was due a gre;it deal of the merriment heard on the occasion, AVe are sorry that the want of space forbids our reprinting some of his highly amusing local hits, which were profusely aud skilfully interwoven with the text of the play. Mr, Magill's couception of Abanazar was excellent, but his voice is not strong enough to be heard throughout White's Uoouis. Of the Priucess Badroulboudour little need be said.- She (Mr. Friend, kept a perpetual smile upon her capti vating (?) face, aud the repeated applause which drowned her words when makiug local references were the best tribute that could be paid to her acting, aud the wit and judgment of the interpolator, Mr. Magill. We should uot forget, to mention that the Widow Twankey snug a song written by herself, and of course ' expressly for the oecasiou ~ We have not space to criticise individually the actiug of the other members of the company. Each of them performed his part— and the lady amateur her part especially— with considerable tact and skill, and with a degree of earnestness which at intervals ' brought down the house.'' In conclusion we may add that a few new or popular sougs were introduced during the burlesque, including 'Silver^ threads union-' the gold,7? admirably sung by Master Bevilaqua, and that 'The Cure' was parodied and sung as well as danced by '* f he company.' The enterfcuu inentdid uot close until 11 o'clock, the National Anthem then concluding a capital evenings amusement. ? CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL. An amateur dramatic entertainment, nuder vice-regal patronage, and in aid of the funds of the Children's Hospital, waa given in White's Rooms, on Thursday evening, January 4 hr several members of the Mejister staff, assisted by Mr. K. Whinham and a number of amateurs under his direction. The audience was larg* and appreciative, but not quite w- Urge as was desired considering the institutiou to be benefited, or as would doubtless have been th« case had a few more members of this Hospital Committee taken a deeper interest in its success. However, there was a good Iiouhp, and the result will be a welcome though perhaps not a large addition to the fund* of the new claimant for public sympathy. On the arrival of HU Kxcvlleucy and Lady Mu-sgrave and suite, Mr. T. H. Jones, wh» acted as the pianoforte accompanist during tha evening, played ' God Save the Queen.' Th» entertainment itself was opened by a double prologue, kindly written for the occasion by 'Geoffry Crabthoru,' and spoken by Mr. R. Whinham (James Brown) and Mr. Johmon (John Brown). Though both speakew wrro scarcely perfect in their text, and conse quently rather uncertain in their delivery at times, the prologue (which was somewhat of ? novelty in itself), was well received, some of the more prominent puns in it being followed by hearty laughterand applause. It was especially the case after the palpable hits in reference to the dia ciples of various ' schools' of medicine agreeing to work together in aid of the Children** Ho» pitnl, and to the second preseutation of Aladdin as ' the mixture as before.' In respect to the prologue, we are requested to state that tho central idea of a dispute as to who should apeak it was suggested by a clever prologue writUm some years ago by Mr. H. Ryrou Moore, of Mel bourne; but the dialogue and treatment were oC course not the same. The following Is the PROLOGUE. Enter sitmltonemuhf at opjto.tite doors, Jame* Brown and John Brown. James — Kind friends, I come ? Jolw— Stop, stop! Jamts— One moment, pray - I have to speak the Prologue. John— 1 CoraeMgaj! That's pretty cool, when I've been aakod to d» it; Make way for me at once, or you shall rue it. Jamts— If anything is rved it's you, I think ; But from my duty you shan't make mo shrink. Therefore — Kind friends, I come to ? John— No, you don't ! James— To beg ? John — Now stop. James— Pny, let mo apeak ! John— ' I won't. James— Why atop my words before I can begin 'em? John— I tell you I was asked by Mr. Whinham. James— To apeak the Prologue ? John— Here's his letter. James— Nonaena©! Here'* my request— a note of Mr. Johnson's. [They exchange *ot«s. John (reads)— J, Brown, Kaquire! Jamts (reads) — J. Brown, Esquire '. John— Absurd! Is th&t; your name? James — It {a, upon my wori. John— There cau't be two with auch uncom mon names! You call yourself John Brown? James — _ Not John ; I'm Jamea. Joitv — This letter's miue, then — opened Hy mistake. And now, Sir, what excuses can you make? James— Excuse? The letter yours? What are you at ? Jolm—3. clearly atanda for John. James— 1 don't 800 that; It stands for James as well. Joint— Through all the tow« Tax known to every body aa J. Brown, An elocutionist whewe reputation No doubt auggeated thii communication. James — I never heard of you, I frankly own. John — Not to know me argues yourself un known. James — Well, I wont -*rgu» longer, for our friends ' ' ' Will be impatient till this quarrel ouda. Don't let it on the Prologue put a stopper. Or folks will say these Browns aren't wortk a : copper. Is there no way by which we can agreoi1 John — A very simple one — give way to me ; And afterwards, lest you should feel » wrong, We'll send you on to sing a comic song. James — I don't siug comic songs. John— Theu if that fail*, Try the arbitrament of heads and tails. Come! Heads go off and tails remain behind! James— I don't play pitch and toss. Jt.hn— Well, I don't mind Making the audience our referee; I'll bet you three to one they go for mo. Janws—I don't make beta. John — Because you're safe to lose. Who votes for me J* (to the audience). James — Who will t»y Prologue choose F There ! Own I've got a clenr majority. John — Quite the reverse; the votes are all for me. James — Oh, nonsense ! John — Well ! to make our quarrel ahorter Leave it to Smith, the Register Reporter. He's sitting in tho corner there. James — Agreed ! Smith knows 'twas I they sent for. 1SW//1 — No, indeed! John — That shuts you up, my friend ; bo g« ( James — No I John— , Oh t I appeal to Smith Hfnith — I mild I didn't know. John — What's to be done then r Since t» leave weVe loth, Just tell us who's to apeak the Prologue I Smith— Both f Jam es— What ! bath at ooce? /Smith — No, apeak in turn. Jofm— Twill d»; A prologue spoken no will be quite new. James— Agreed, provided I begin it. John — Done! Finish the sentence you have twice begun. James— Kind friends, I come to beg jour liberal aid For children who've been left too long to fad* In squalid homes from no hard influence free, Nurslings of ignorance and poverty, Uncared for while the fevered eyes grow din And pains unsoothed assail each quivering Hiul». John — The Children's Hospital no praine »e»4 bear To recommend it to your generous care ; So with the sorrows it in bent on bpaling I will not seek to harrow up your feeling. James — Nor has it failed tho generous aid to gain Of those best skilled to foil disease and paiu; T:h «aid that Doctors differ, but our rule* Invite assistance from all Horta of schools. ,/0/,M_Allo-and homujo-and hydro- pnthic, ' Eclectics,' ' regulars,' with zeal xeraphic Unite to help, while we rejoice to see Doctors who take such different ' patluT agree. Jmnei — To- night some humble followers of the Htag«\ Eager the children's Bufferings to assuage, Are for the Hospital your poor potitioueni ? ./o/;h — All amateurs, not regular practitioners ; And y-»t their ' dressings' for each fancy part Will, like a doctor's, make the wearers smart. Janes — First we invoke immortal Shaka peare'n aid, Whose mighty scenes with reverence we've essaved To represent, in form though incomplete. For lack of time and lack of actors ineet. Hcuce, if you note some failings in our playing, Recall the spirit of his kindly saying — ' Naught comes amiss when duty tenders it.' John— Think, too, that ' brevity's the aoul of wit,' And modern hurry must approve the proem* Of Shakspeare given in homoeopathic dona*. Jamts — A quaint burlesque our bill of far* will close ? John— Which for its aptness you may think we chose, For when 'tis built poor children's hearti t» gladden. The Hospital will often have a lad iu. Yet, to speak truth, we lately playwl it o'er ; To- night 'tis but the mixture w before, And much we hope that when it has bw*n takna The patient*' sidcH— tbat'fl youra-will 1» well shaken. James— Now for our cause just one more wurd I'd say ; Lpt not your interest cease with our p'jor pl»j ; Of all to whom the Hospital atfoni* Itn help be friends ? jo]m ? Ami giianliauNof its wanw. Janet— tet not the children who may r-*tl««i l;e Within its wills lark lunrlly sympathy. To ease their suffering* au-l :tssi:it their cure* Be at their service ? j/};.,;_ , As wt' am-at-yvirs. ,/,„.,(.;— Thai pmi'rf too bad. jo};r— I' punning go the whole hog, A douhle sense well ends our double Prologue.^ After the prologue selections from ' Hamlet** were given by the following ca.ste :— Hamlet, Mr R Whiuham ; Polonius, Mr. ft. Lvighton ; Horatio, Mr. T. Gepp; Marcelhw, Mr. M. HudUestou; Guildcnstern, Mr. G. H. OHrgeeg; Rosencrantz, Mr. F. J. Dobbs; Ghost, Mr. O. Warren; Ophelia, lady amateur. la flpeikmg 