CRICKET NOTES. By Third Man. At the outset of the Cup match between Melbourne and South Melbourne there were few who thought that the latter had the ghost of a show. Looking at the names of the two teams on paper, the Melbourne appeared to be by far the strongest in both batting and bowling, and many felt inclined to blame the South for pre- sumption in refusing a handicap. The leading club brought three professionals into the field to do battle for her, and the bowling was thereby considerably strengthened, while nearly every member of the eleven was a reputed batsman. The South, on the other hand, were weak in bowling, and, although there were one or two brilliant batsmen in the team, yet every man could not be called a batsman, while there were several who had not received a trial in big matches. The sympathies of the public have, to a great extent, this year been enlisted in favour of the South, which has been peculiarly unfortu- nate. For years the club has maintained a lead- ing position in cricket, and during that time has brought to the front several good cricketers. Blackham, before he was taken notice of by the club, was not known ; and his wonderful capa- bilities would probably have still been unknown, and his past valuable assistance in intercolonial and international matches lost to the colony, had he not been taken notice of by the South. Midwinter, although he learnt his cricket in Bendigo, would have still languished there had the South not given him an introduction to Mel- bourne. Besides these well-known cricketers, the names of B. B. Cooper, Allan, and others who have done battle for the South, are this year missing from their list of players. A better quartette could not be picked in the colony; and, having lost such strength, it is pleasing to find that the club was plucky enough to tackle their formidable opponents level- handed; and that they have, so far, been able to worst them in the struggle. It is of course a matter of sur- prise that the South, so far, should have got the best of what is looked upon as a stronger team. It has been said by the captain of the Melbourne team that their opponents were in better batting form than the Melbourne, because of their having had more practice, but this scarcely in accord- auce with facts. The Emerald Hill ground was deserted prior to the English match, while the Melbourne ground presented a very animated appearance, nearly every member of the Cup team at that time taking part in the practice. More than that, I find that the Melbourne have played in almost twice as many matches as the South, so that on the score of practice the Mel- bourne should be in the best form. The secret of the success of the South so far may, I think, be found in the splendid manner in which they have worked together in the field. In this de- partment of the game the contrast has been strongly in favour of the South. Scores of runs have been saved in both innings, and catches, both difficult and easy, were securely held. Four brilliant catches are attributed to Woolf in the first innings, and one in the second. The holding (For continuation of "Cricket," etc., see p. 16.) ( Continuation of "Cricket" from p. 5. ) of these catches made a great difference in the game. Altogether, the splendid fielding so well backed up the indifferent bowling of South Mel- bourne, that it was rendered even more fatal than the superior bowling of the professionals on the other side. So far as the batting is con- cerned, that of the Melbourne team is by far the best. In J. Slight the South have one of the best batsmen of the colony, while M'Gan seems to be evergreen, and played while he was at the wicket the best cricket shown in the match. His innings was commenced at a time when the game appeared to be hopelessly lost for the South, but his appearance and success at the wickets infused new life into the batsmen, and the result was that the game turned in favour of his side. Although M'Gan, while he lasted, played the best cricket, the innings of J. Slight was of course the best and most successful. After his display, the match committee of the Victorian Association should, I think, be inclined to admit that they are but poor judges of the game of cricket, as evidenced by the fact that Slight was left out of the late match with the All-England Eleven. With regard to last Satur- day's play, the South had a great deal in their favour. The wicket and ground were dead, and under the circumstances the score made by Mel- bourne was a very large one. Kelly, Midwinter, and M'Donnell batted remarkably well, the latter particularly so, but he was let off before he had scored. Had Major held that catch, the match would have been a tolerable certainty for the South. As it at present stands, it promises to be a close and exciting contest. I felt sorry to observe during the day that a circumstance oc- curred which caused some unpleasantness. Major, who was bowling from the railway end, was no-balled tor throwing by the Melbourne umpire. For some time there has been a variety of opinion as to Major's style. Invariably he bowls with exactly the same motion of the arm, and therefore, if one ball is a no-ball, every ball he delivers must be. Yet, although he delivered twelve balls at the Melbourne umpire's end, only two balls were no-balled, while in the first in- nings he delivered more than 100 balls at the same gentleman's end, and was not no-balled during the whole of that time. To evidence the difference of opinion among umpires as to the fairness of Major's bowling, I may state that, when he bowled from Jerry Bryant's end, that well-known judge of the game could detect no throw. For my own part, I consider that Major bowls fairly, but his delivery is such a peculiar one that an umpire might think it was a throw; and, if he did so, his duty clearly would be to no-ball him every time, because his delivery when attempting to bowl fast is not changed. I hear that the date of the Combination Eleven of the two colonies against the All- England Eleven has been fixed for the 15th, 16th, 17th, and 19th March next. The Eleven are expected from New Zealand on the 12th. 