I IMatter-of-Mtaaiice. i BE CHABL.E6 EEADE. '; -TThy, Mies, she is a very experienced woman iaud8lie says— Oh dear Job dear! And »ucU a dark cold jiight for you to be out !' 'Nurse? Nurse? What did sue say ? ? Oh, 1 havent the heart to tell you , u you svoulQ i'l.nt /vim.. Inxlr liny«l- Tfilh mt ! SUB SSi'S BB mUCll 'as thai jwor master's troubles vrili be over long be fore Wean get. him.' And with tins sarali burst ! out sobbiHg. . , „ . . 'Come Juicter,' cried Julia, desiianngly. But aftera while 6he said, ' Tell me : ouly don t £toji ?'''Miss die says she umsedMr. Campbell, the 'young curate that died last harrest-tuna but oue, you know ; and he lay just like master, and sue ex ?peeting a change every hour: and oh. Bliss, sbe/uel fim comintr down stairs in bis night gown ; anc lie sud, 'Nurse, 1 am all right now.1 says be, and died momently iu her arms ai the stair-foot. Ana she nursed an old fanner that lay as weak as master, and. just when the looked foe liim to; go. Jo and behold uiin dressed aud ou( digg-«R 1' Jta' toes, and fell down dead before they voubl pet hinds on him mostly; aud nurse have a friend. Mint have seen more thau she have, which is older tbau nurse, and says a body's life is all ok as a rush light, flares- up strong momently, justly belore n goes out altogether. Dear heart, where uvet aie wo going to iu the middle of the nigbt r' ' Don't, you see ? to the quay.' ' Oh, don't go there, Miss, whatever ! 1 can t abide the sight of the water; when a body's in trouble.' Here n drunken man confronted them, and asked them if they wanted a beiiu :and,ou tlieu slipping past in silence, [allowed them, and offered lepeiiteoUy to treat them. Julia moaned, and hur ried faster. 'Oh, Miss,' said Sarah, ' what could you expect, coming out at this time of night? I'm sure the breath is all out ot .me ; you do tear along £0.' ?Tear? weave crawling. All, Sarah, you are not his daughter, 'there, follow me ! 1 canuot go 60 slow.' And she set off to run. Presently she passed a group of women stand ing talking at a coiner of the street : aud wiudows were op&n; with uightcappsd heads framed iu ihein. She stopped a moment to catcli tlie words : they ?were talking about a ghost which was said to hare just passed down the street ; and discussing whether it was a real ghost, or a trick to frighten people, J ulia uttered a low cry, and redoubled her speed and was soon at Mr. Richard Hardie's door ; but the street was deserted, .and she was bewildered, and began to think she ha»i been too hasty in liur conjecture. A chill came over her impetuosity. The dark, drizzly, silent nigi'it, the tall masts, the smell of the river, uowstran^'e it all sunned ; and ehe to be there ulone at such an hour. Presently the heard voices st-'Uiuwbere near. She crossed over to a jiassage that /wined to lead to wards them : and then she heard the voices plainly snd iimong them one thai diil not L'lingle with llm others, for it was the voice ehr loved? She sturtiil tack and stood irresolute. WouLl im ins displi.'iita.'d with her? . Feet cams trampling slowly niou? tbe pass *2e. .His voice came with tbetu. She drew ?back and looked round fur Small. . While the stood fluttering, ilie foolbtups came c'oBe, and there emerged from the passage into the fm.'t iiglit of ilia gas-lamp Alfred and two police men carrying a silent, senseless figure, in a iiigbi $fowa.- with a great coat thrown over part of JiiDj. It was her father : mute and ghastly. The polk'*-nen still tell of that rtmnge meetigu wider the gVs-light by Hnrtlie's Bank; and how the young Isdj'llung her arms round herfother'u head, and took 1'im for dead, Bind kissed his pale cheeks, and moanixl over him ; and how the young gentleman Taised her against her will, and sobbed orerlKr ; and how Uiey, though policemen, cried like children. And to them I must refer tlity 3«ader ; 1 have not the skill to convey the situa tion. They got more policemen to help, and carried 'him to Albion Villa. On the way something cold sihd mysterious seemed to lisfre come between Julia anil Alfred. They wiilked apart iri.gloooiy silenee broken only by t'orboding sighs. 1 pass over the tempest of emotions under which that sad burden entered AHflou Villa; and hurry io the next marked event. Kext day the patient had lost his extreme pallor, and wore a certain unifom sallow hue: and at noon juet before Sampson's rturn, .'ie opened his eye., wide, and fixed them on Sirs. Woi.'d and Julia, whrt ?n-ere now his nurses. They liniled this with delight ' aud held their breath to hrar liiui speak ho them tbe first sweet words of reviving life and lovu. 1 But soon to their surprise anil grief Uioy found Le did notknowtheju. They sjiufco to him, each in turn, mid told him pihsously who they were, and implored him piteously to know them, and speak to them. Jlutuo, li« fixed a stony gaze on them, thatinade tlieiu shudder ; and thuh- beloved voices passed over iiiin li ke an idle wind. Sampson, when he came, found the Indies weep ing by Hie bedside. . They greeted him with affection. .1 ulia especially, the boisterous controversialist had coiuu out a centle, zealous, artist, iu presence of a real danger. Dr. Sampson knew nothing of what had liap Ucned in his absence. He stepped In the bedside cheerfully; aud the ladies' eyes were bent keenly .'on his face iD silence. ? He had no sooner cast 'eyes on David than his countenance fell, and bis hnrd but expressive features filled with concern. Tliatwas enough for Mrs. Dodd ; 'And he does not know ine,' she cried ; ' he does not know my ?voice. His voice would call me back from tlio gravu itself, lie is dying, lie will uever speak to one again. Oh, my poor orphan girl !' 1 No ! no !' said Sampson, ' you are quite mis taken ; he will not die. But— — .' Hie tongue said uo more. His grave and sombre face spoke volumes. CIIAPTER VIII. To turn to the Bank ; Skinner came hack from the Dodds1 that miserable afteruuon, in a state of . Renuino agitation, and regret. He was human anil therefore mixed; and their desolation had shacked liim* The footman told him Mr. Hnrdie was not at liome : gone to London, he believed. Skinner 'walked away dejected. What did this mean r Had lie left the country ? ?'? He smiled at his tease, and felt positive Jlr. Hardie had misled tlio servants, and was quietly Waiting for him in the Batik parlour. . It -was now dusk ; he went round that little dark jiook of the garden the parlour window opened on, and tapped : there was no reply ; the room looked empty. He tried the sash'; it yielded ; ill. Hardie had been too occupied with embezzling another's property to take common precautions iu defence of liisowu ; never in his life before had he neglected to fasten the iron shulte!'svith)-isowD JiaJ.'rf, aud to-day he hud left the very window unfastened. This augured ill. ' lie is oft ; he has dona me along ?with tile re6t,' thought Skinner. He stepped into tterobm, found a iucifor- uox, ehut tlie. uliutfers, lighted a caudle, and went peering about amongst the banker's papers, to sco it' he could find a clue Id his intentions ; aud, as he potiered and peered, he quaked us well ; a detector by dishonest menus feels thief-like: and is what he feels;. He made some little discoveries, that guided him in liis own conduct ; he felt juoreand more sure bis cniployrr ?would outwit him. if be could; and resulvcd it should lie diamond cut diamond. The church clock struck one. He ttartediit the liour.creptout, and ejoseil tuo Iviudow softly ; then away by the garden gate. Alightyas still burning in Alfred's room: mid at this Skinner had another touch nf compunction : * There is oue wou't sleep this night along of our tvork,' thought lie. v At three next afternoon Jfr. Hardie renp ' peered. _- He had gone up to town to change the form of 'the deposit: — He took care to think- of it as u dc . .posit still', the act of deposit having been complete, (the withdrawal incomplete, and by no fault of liis, {for be had offered it back ; hut Fate and Accident lhad interposed— He had converted tbe notes into 'gold direct, and the bills into gold through notes; fthis was lite going into tue river to hide !iis trail. iHext process ; he turned his gold into £500 notes : ?and cahie flying home with them. 