CHARTERS TOWERS. Tuesday. A Cliinmnnn lins boon oommittcd for triul for iittoiiiptitig to lnihg liiinsolf. The osoort left for Townsvillo with tho fol lowing (iuiintitios : of irold For : tho Quoo'ns- lund Nutiouul liunk, dUod ounces; for tho Bunk of Now South Wales, 582 ounces ; for tho Australian Joint Stook Bunk, 2932 ounaes, — making a total of 9170 ounces. Sandy.— Sandy, the aboriginal, was further remanded, yesterday, for a week. Police Court.— Before the Police Magis- trate, yostorday, ono inobriato was Auod 10s. or 4S hours iu tho cells. Rookhasipton Jookey, Glud. — A, mooting of tho siibsoribors will bo hold on, Tliursduy night' at 8 o'olook, at tho Critorion Tlotol. : Mails. — Mails for Brisbauo, tlio Australian oolonios, Now Zouland and Fij i, will ! oloso por Floronco Irving — for rogistorcd letters at .9.5, and for ordinary lottors at 9.15 this morning. Reception House. — Honry Vorsuiann, pub lican of North Bockliamptou, was committed to tho Reception Houso, yesterday morning, for one month; ho boiug suffering frora.an attack ot delirium tremens. Weatuer.— T'ho l-oports received stated tlio rain- fall for tho 24 hours proocding 9 n.m- yesterday to bo — nt Ravonswood, 0-40 ; Towns villo, 0-42 ; Watorviow, 1-20 ; Junction Crook, O'l-l ; Uoorgotown, 0-2G ; Oilbort Rivor, 2'00. It was still raining lit ;Tatb, , Wnlsli and Burdokin rivors, ' Miloliostor, Townsvillo and Cashmere. There was an appearance of rain at Clormout, Copporiiold aud Hpringsuro. Mr. Milford.— Our readers will be pleased to learn that Rockhampton has charms to which Cooktown, with all its gold, cannot nspire". Mr. Milford, solicitor, has returned from the northern " capital," and has rosumod prnotico lioro ; aud wc havo no doubt that his mnny friends and supporters will again rally round him. No doubt ho fouud Cooktown woll enough iu its way, but alittlo too hot to bo pleasant, aud not to bo compared to Rookhampton, with its ngrooablo oliinato, and its many other advantages. Farewell Address and Presentation. — In anothor columu wo publish an addross pro- sonlod to Sirs. Connolly, lately Houd Mistress of tho girls' .Primary School, Rookhampton, on hor ; doparturo for Brisbane, Tho me morialists express thoir sonso of tho admirable munner in which Mrs. Connolly porformod tlio dutios devolving upon licr, und tho groat progress mado by hor pupils through her unremitting attention, oaro, nnd ability- Mrs. Connolly, in hor roply, which wo also publish, romarks that no proudor testimonial could havo boon offorcd libr, or ono mora dearly prizod. Thoro was anothor' faro woll tokon, consisting of a presentation volumo .of, ongravings, suitably iusoribed, from tlio toaohors connootod with tho 'soliool. Th'cso presentations must havo been very , gratifying to Mrs. Connolly, aftor bar long - yoars of labour; and hor dopurturo will be rograttad'by a large oirolo of friouds. - Disobkyinq Lawful Commands.— Thomas Jolinsou nppoarod under warrant beforo tlio P.M., yostorday, to answer n. 'olinrgo of dis obeying tho luwful oommands of his employor, Edwin Batos. Mr. .Tonos nppoarod for tho complainant. Coustablo Eiohurd HoIiiiob gnvo oviduuuo us lo tlio arrest of tho dbfoiiduut by virluo of a warrant produced ; Edwin Bates, tlio complainant, stutad that 'tho dofondnnt wns in his omploy as an approntioo, undor indentures - 1 produced, to tho shoomakiug business j tlioro was u similar ouso against tho defendant hist yoar ; on Friday afternoon ho gavo dofondant a pair of boots . to finish by tho following night ; it was a reasonable amount of work to (to iu that timo ; tho prisonor did not finish thorn and , ho (oomplninaut) lost Ids, through it, tho ouBtomor who ordorcd tho boots rbfusing to .tako thorn. Ou Suturday ovoning dafondaut oamo for hiB wages ; thoro is no fixod timo in tho trado for work. By tho dofondant : Tho dofondnnt had tho boots givon to bim at 4 o'olook on Friday afternoon ; lia had to wait about 10 minutes for tho uppors. Juntos Sluickloton, a journeyman shoouiukcr iu tlio I omploy of tho comphiimint, statod that ho was lirogbut when the woik was- givon to tho dofondnnt ; it was n ronsonablo job to oxpoot him to do in tlio time moutioncd. This wns tho onso for tho oomplaiinnnt. Mr. JoncB addressed thg Ooii'rt bu behalf of-.liis oliont, and thojBbrioh 'ordorod ' tlio dbfondnht to bo im prisoned 1 foi; itliroq. , days with solitary oon- flnomorit in tlio pqliqa.ooilsi'qri.No. 2 rations. Laroeny,— Tho - honring of tlio ouse ngninBt John bimpson ohurgod with stbnling mnizo and ohiifL ut-Radrgok, -..tho...prppccty„ .of ...Mcasrs> . Cobb and company, was tosumcd yostorday afternoon, boforo tlio ;Poiico Magistralo. ho' ovidonoo of Mrs. Plioobo AVarrall, liotcl-koopor at 1 Rodrook,— wi«B-to tho effcot that sho had1 known prisonor. for a. fpw-nioiiths:Wliilo ho was omploy cd us groom by Cobli and Co. ; tbo firm had stables iu tbo yard of tho. inn, to whioh was nttnohodj a foed-room iu whioh thoir food was lcopt; tlio food bohig in qhqrgo of tho groom; tho horsb roforrod to in tlio lottor pro duced was brought to Rodrook by a man, named Thomas Gray who sold it to llio prisoner ; tho liorso wns kopt iu tho stablo and wus Btublofcd; alio did not know whoro tho food was obtained from ; slio had. maizo wliibh wns kopt undor look and k'oy ; tho prisoner novor 'had any food from her atoro ; alio "heard Mr. Williams usked prisonor whoso liorso it was iu tho yard but did not hear tho reply, .nor did slio bonr anything said about tlio food ; prisonor gavo hor a reooipt to mind whioh ho said " thoy might find if thoy looked ovor his oloth'os ;' " this reooipt slio had not rolurnod to him ; thoro was no food near tho hotel ; liorsoH had to bo stublo fed." This closed tho oaso for tho prosecution and no witnesses being oallod in bolinlf of prisonor, who olaotcd to bo dealt with summarily, Mr.. 0\. S. D. Melbourne addressed tbo Bonoli, and tho prisorior was sontonocd to four mouths' im prisonment with hard labor; in Rookhampton Gaol. The.Fairlib Engine. — It is alrcndy known, that tlio Into successful trials of tho Fairlio Engino.on tho Southern aud Western Railway havo rcsiiltod in tho puroliaso of- tho locomo- tivo by tlio , Government, tho last being tlio host t'ost of all. Wo published tlio reports of tlio'diffpreiit trials at tliotiiuo; and our rnndors nrb.'.htynrb that they wore tlioraiighly satis- factory iu cveiy respect. Yostorday ,wo had tho pleasuro of meeting with Mr. O. II. Royoo, the representative of tho Fairlio Engiiio and Rolling Elocl Company of London, who has just tnkou n run ovor our northern railway, of which h o -s|iuaks very highly, both as to its cnginocring features nnd tho oxcollonco of its ooiiBlructioii. Ho returns to Brisbauo boforo going home, and rany possibly prevail upon tbo Govoruiacut to order a fow looomotivos from tho company. Thoy possess ninny nd- vnntnges cvor tlio ordinary, locumotivo, as wnB shown by tho way in whioh thoy took a honvily lndcn train up tho Main Range. On our lino wc have no suoh steep ascent ; yot wo bavo plenty of protty good ourves rind gradients, and it is said that tho Fairlio Engino is bottor suited to; grapplo with those diiKcultios thun uny other yot invented, Tlio Company's pamphlet, whioh contains illustrations of thirtoen bnginos, varied' ncoording to sizo and pattorn, shows that tlio Fairlio prinoiplo is already woll "known all ovor the globe, and iliut it stands tho test undor' all conditions. Fnirlio locomotives nro nqw running ovor fivo railways in tho United Kingdom, tlirco in Russia, two iu Sweden, .'ono bach in Norway,' Belgium, Franco, and Portugal, fivo in Now Zealand, six in Canada, -ono nt tho Capo of Good II' po, iiino in tlio United Statos, sovon in l'cru, and ono oaoli in Moxico, Mouto. Video,. Brazil", Havana', and Venezucln. ' On many of thoso railways tho Fairlio system lias been long in use, aud tho publisbod reports boar unequivocal testimony to its inorits. .. Wo liopo to "boo it fow' iiibro iutroduood' in this qolony. Postal Casus, — Thoso oards nro now to bo purolmsod at tho Adolaido Post Offiuo, iu packets of ono dozon, ut ono shilling por packet., Thoy woro issuod for tho first timo on Dcoembqr.8, and, qnito n run was mado upon tho i,0bt nifico in consequonco. Various rogulntions woro published respecting tho alinraalcr of tlio mosaagos to bo sent.1 'I'ho writing of courso was not to lio' obscurod in nuy way. Ntiinbors of thom woro sont out of novelty, and from a puro lo'vo of mischiof ; but tlio post oilico ollioials soom to havo been " got at" by inombors of tlio fourth ostato Bonding mossagos to thoir frionds in shorthand. Whilo tho novelty of tho thing lasts, tlio officials at tho post' ofllco will bo us hardly woi-kod as ou St. Valentine's Day. : Six and Half.a-Dozen.— 27io Pall Mall Gazette in oouoludiug on . .nrtiolp on tho Eastern question " Thb siinplo truth is that tho Russians and tho Turks havo boon " both roolnimcd quite rocoutly from nttor bnrbarisin. The Russians, howovor, liavo boon somowbat more oivili'sed and humanised than tbo Turks, and thoy havo uudorgono tbo ohango bcauuso thoy liavo hoop brought undor tho only influcnco from whioh unythiug good enu be hopod for Turkey — tho iufiuenoo of Western Europcnn' opinion. To pluoo; orio! half-bar barous ompiro undor tlio foot of anothor .very imporfcotly humnuisod would bo a blow not; only to tho British power but to tho hopes of civilisation." The Chinese.— -A Palmer ltivcr correspon dent of The Evening News sayo: — Tho Chitioso. arc almost solely in possession of the alluvial workings. Several robborios by OclostiiilB havo ocourrod lately, notably that of Messrs. Cnssidy and Culliuauo, of ovtir £200 worth of gold. T'lio robbors, two Chinnmou, outorod tho store early in tho morning, and ubstrnctod tho gold from undor a counter ori' tvhioh Mr. Cnssidy was sleoping. Making somo noiso, thoy. aroused tlio threo persons on tlio promises aud. a Bcvoro tussle ooourrod. All three gotstubbod olio sovorcly in the linnd, They seourod ono Ohinamnu, but tho btliur uufortuiiatoly osonpod with tho gold, and has not yot boon oapturod ; ho' is supposed lo havo osoapod south by ouo of. the stoamors. Tlic policc. &c.;, havo a groat donl of troublo in ideutifiyiug those Oelostials Turkish Atrocities.— A public mooting has been hold ut Duncdin for tho purpose of giving expression lo the fooling of tho oommuuity' in regard to tho Turkish atronilios iu Bulgaria. Bosolutious woro passod oxprossiug horror aud iudiguation at tho inhuman atrocities perpe trated by tho Turks upon tho Christian popula tion 'of Bulgaria, nnd dosiriug to unito with other communitios throughout tho ilrilish oiupiro iu tho expression of sympathy with tho sull'orcrs, and also undertaking , to collect subscriptions for tlio l-olicf of the famishing. Tho subscriptions, in tho words . of one of tho: speakers, " to bo placed in tlio srimo hands as; that uoblo Englishman Mr. Qludstouo, has pu t his." A Faithful Doo.— Tho fuitlifulnoss of a dog was mauifostod in u vory romurknblo mtiunor rooontly at Glonolg' (says a wAdelaido Exchange), A-fino blnolc writor spaniel belong ing to a Mr. S. J. Skippor osoapod from bond- ugo, and sooing liis m istor appnrontly off to purts uukuown jumped -fnto' tlio wat'or, and ultliougli it was rough mid overy son buriod him, swam pluokily out sonwurd to tlio Mourner. Ho scoinod dotermiuod to rcuch tlio distant bout or parish in tho uttdi'npt, and as thero np poarod to bo groutcr risk of tho lattor nltoriiu- tlvo, a gantloman who udtairod his oourago olforod a llborul rowurd to any boatmuu who would rosouo liim. Ho was finally bronght aslioro by tho mastor of tlio Ilygoiii, not muoli tho worso for liis long uwhn. Tho dog was ouco loft bohiud at Editliburgh by tho Eloauor, and whoa tho first stonmor hovo iu sight plunged into tho wator und boldly swain out to tlio vussul, although she was quilu u milo off. Tiiiiee Ghosts ! — An amusing story, which may bo of Bomo profit to beliovoys in spirits, is told by a Paris napori fSk fow days ngo n sliulont dibd, qjirdinhouBo. .Tho dooonsod was buriod, liu't inimodintely nft'or sumo persons prptpuded thjit his feliost returned ovory night to tho' room whoro ho died, Noad- loss to sny, nobody ootild bo got to ooaupy tho clianibor. At last n studont of n loss supor- slitious naturo arrived, and oonsontod to sloop ,in..tho huuutod-room. -But -two-oftlie -old- lodgors, nnnoyod at his iuorodulity, dotor- vminpd to donviifob'bim against his will. Thoy aovorad' thomsolvos up 'in shoots, and, aB tho olooh struck m!dl»lghl,glldod Inly 'thn nhnmlmr, muttoring tho most awful groans. But thoy had roukonod . 'without 'thoir- host, who, hnving his suspicious, nho put on a slioot, and hid himsolf iu tho cupboard, and as tho two disguised lodgers stnlkod around tl\o bed., ho, quiotly l oatrid out of his rotront and folldwod' tliom. Tlioy no sooner -caught sight of him than tlioy .rushod'off- trombling, .and,' tbo noxt morning paid ' thoir biils, and loft tho houso. firm convotts' to spiritualism, -u i i The' 'Northern ' TEnriiTpRY.-L An offort. is, boing tnn'do to pUBh this terra mcogniia. .Mail'; servioos luivo boon established for tbo Eastern. Ielos, and tho following ciroular published ut Batavia und othor Eastern ports " Our population, though small; is n inodoratoly 'prosporous ono, und is solf-supporting. Our only industry nt present is gold mining, but rocuutly explorations of our inland country aud of oountry upon tbo bunks of tho Viotoriu and Daly Rivers, both of whioh aro navigable for many miles from tho . ooast, show that wo possess largo tracts of land 'capable of produo- ing sugar, rioo, ooiton, coffee, and almost any-' other tropionl products. Our. only, want is skillod labor for planting, und plautors with capital to omploy it. Our land laws nro ex ceedingly liboral, land boing obtainable at Gd. por ndro por 'annum; and should any bona jitle planters with labor and' oapitul visit our shorcu wo havo ovcry roason to boliovc that our Government will givo thoni ovory oncourugo- mcnt, uud would probably ovon go bo far as to givo grunts of land iu foo-siinplo to suoh Bottlers. Tlio Government aro now offering a bonus of £5, OUO to tho producer of tho first 500 tons of sugar. At l'ort Easington wo liavo two cultlo stations established, and thero is ovory probability of thoir boing ublo lo supply tlio JCiiHteni Islands with salt boot iu largo quantities at roasonublo rates." How strungo ! Iris just men and capital tbut wo want in Queensland! The Gold in Victoria. — Calculating, roughly, tlio vuluo of gold at.XJil 10s. por ouuoo, latest advioos from Viotoriu show an onormoils falling off in tlio rosults of tlio yoar's opora- tionsin tlio premier industry of that coltiny.' ' A; deolino,Huys our tolegrara, of 100,000 ouuoos is, shown on tho roturus for tlio yoiir. That is to say, this ouo branch of industry yiolds £350,000, less than in tbo precoding yoar. In a oum- nmnity of u littlo ovor 800, 000 persons, this is n deficit sorious enough to affcotall classes, lin'd' opons up questions for consideration which will, no doubt receive from the Victorian Pross thoir customury vigorous treatment In that colony ovorything under tho sun-, nnd, wo bcliovc, tlio sun itself — is looked at through froo-trade'or protectionist spcotaolcs, and tho dcclino in tho yield of gold will, no doubt, bo shown conclusively by tlio Argus to. bo the result, mainly, of the bulefuli influcuao of protection in raising tlio price of oaudles, by whioh tlio minors sock for tho precious rnotul The Aye, oti tho othor bond, will probably nssqrt that ouly for; protection,' the falling off, would be muoh grantor, as tbo minors would bo obliged to uso imported oaudlos ot quality so iufoiior that thoy would be utterly usoloss in tlio minos. Neither argument would bo mora absurd than many wo have scon used in tho journals moutionod whou thoir peculiar crnzo was touched, but it iB to bo hoped that, iu spito of a partisanship so adverse to plain truth, tho public will got at the innuy facts of real iuiorcst inrolvod in this rcm'afkablo'dccliuo of tho mining industry iu . that, . colony.— . Courier. Rather Confused.— Somotimos in small cominuuitios tho ooncmitration of ofiioos'louds to, confusing issuos. (says " iEglos," in, tho Australasian). ; Tho' liotol-koopqr ut Slush villc is iiIbo a Justioo of tho Pcnoo. . Unto him' outers tho local police constable, who statos tlia't'ho has a " man in tho logs" ( Angliee watch-lion nc) arrested for being drunk and the rest. ' Will Mr. Shooalc drivo himself and. tho prisoiier'lo Quurtzborough, the noarost polioo court?" This Mr. S. kindly oonsonts to do', it boing a Government job, aud paid for, nt tho rat'o of Gd per paRHcngor. Arrivod at Qiiai'tzbcrough, thoro is no J.P; knookiug around, nil having gono to Molbouruo for Christmas' by tlio nowly-opouod railway .liniis. So Mr; Slioonk has , to take a scut on tho bonoli himsolf, and, aftor , lioariug' the ovidonoo of Souior-coiiBtablo Q., disinissos tlio prisonor with a caution. Mr.-S. and the uotistablo return that uftornoou.to Slushvilloan Mr. S.'s oonvoy- iinoo, with that culm satisfaotion whioli. grows out of duty dono. On his worship boing askod how tho uiifoi'tuuatq prisonor was to got homo to Slushvillo, liis reply wns ready—." Oh, tho . boat ,. way . bo can. . Governuiont doesn't allow nnytliiiig for tho roturn trip." Nqw, ulthough I don't' know that it' roally wus so, it is quito possiblo tbattho ucquiltod delinquuiithud boon oolebrqting tho scuson in Mr. Slicouk's own tavorii— it being tbo only oiio in that township. And if tbut be uddod to tlio other oiroumstauuos, tlio inolauoholy Jnquos liud no mora prognaut tliomo for moralising than that woary wayfuror on liis solitary tramp to liis bomo near Slush ville. South Australia. — South Australia has just boon colobratiug (says tho Australasian ), tho 40tli iiiinivorsary of its foundation. Forty yoars ago, on Doooiubor 28, 1830, tho populu. tiou.of South Australia consisted of GlG por- so'riu, nnd now 230,000 persons' livo in co'mfort aud in tho onjoymout'of all tho ridvautagos of civilisatiou within its ample domaiu. As tlio South Australian dlegistor says, in. touching upon somo of tho snliout features of, tlio pro- gross of the colony, forty yoars ngo it was thought improbnble that,, wheat , >vould grow riu'd ripen iu tho oolony. But aiiioo tbut timo, besides supplying, its own 'requirements, it husi oxportcd broiidstuffs to tho valuo ofupivurds of £20,000,000. South Australia has upt boon liolpod in its courso by any grant stiimiluB as that givcu1 to this oolony by tlio discovery of gold. . Its growth lias boon slow and stoudy, but it has. been , q genuine ono, und its pros perity now stands on a secure foundation, into which nothing lius ontored of a morely u dvon- titious obaractor. ' But tho .most wonderful matter for couteinplati'ou iu regard to the pro- gross of South Australia, is not so much what has boon dorio as what remains to do. Tlio pophlaiion of tho oolony only sonutily skirts tho edgo of tlio enormous territory it possesses. Muoh of that is perhaps dosort aud burro i. But iu tho oourso of scttlomuut in ' Australia wo liuvq so often soon regions dosoribod ,ono yonr ns au inhospitable dosort, uud oooupiod q fow yours aftor as innguifiaout country, that ivo riro not likoly to . pay muoh iittontiun tolthoao a priori oondomnutions. T'ho rosquroes of South Australia aro yot hardly ontored upon. Tlioro is, at prcsout, no imaginublp limit to its dbvolopmojit, nnd tho oliiof valuo attaohing, to q rotrespo'ob' of tho pnst is tho groat onoour- rigo'trioiit, whioh it londs to, thb' anticipations of the future. I 'DriEiis.-r'VVq liavo liow on viow at', our offloo saya.tho Warwtek Argus) ia ouriqsity .iu tho shupo of mi axis door antior, about, two foot in longth, the brauoliOB , of whioh are. about six inches long, Tho autlor itsolf is nat so muoh a ouriosity as tho faot that it is ouo of muuy that havo bocu fouud by Mr. B, Urostian on his farm, wbich'is situutod ou tho banks of tlio Coudutnino, in tho vioiuity of Mount l'loasaut, aud tbut it provos< beyond question that thero are door ou Cuuuiug Downs, u fuot whioh wo were, wo oonfoss, until roocutly, vory muoh' inoliuod to doubt. Somo timo ngo wa copied from The Graphic, au illustrated paper pub lisbod in Loudon, ; a paragraph stating that oousidernblo diinmgo wum being douo to tho orops in tho neighbourhood by axis door that had buou imported for ' tho purpose of ucolimu- tisntton. Wo novor for n moment supposod thqt-TT-Xhorq-.-! was nn iota of truth irixft'oSpariigrapli, but sinoo printing it, wo lipVo found out that there was, and also tjint tbriro is odusidorablo t.rutli iu tho old saying;- ;« Thqt ono must go from Jliorao to hour nowsJ Theiarrabf'Mr. Brosnun sooins to bouspotmiioh favored' by at loast ono of tlio ainull . but rapldly- inorbasing floolts of door that havo takou up thoir abodo on tho rioli pnBturo of tho valloy of tho Condumine. Mr. Brosnun informsuir thntfor-soveral-montbs' baok"ho— has- - aufforod oousidoriiblo duinugo from tho dopro- dutions of tlioBO uuimnls. During moonlight nightB thoy break into his farm nnd commit groat liuvoo iu youug -oorn and othor . groon . orops, wliilo all his efforts to got a sbot at thom havo hitherto; proved ! Vain. Hunting tliom has ulso provod usoloss, as kangaroo dogs are afraid of tliom, und dogs that would attnqk tliom nro unablo to orit.oh tliom. Mr. Brosniin is offering a liboral reward ; for thoir dostruo- lion. Farmoi-s rnaidont.in tliq, .neighbourhood of Killurnqy nro nlso boginning to oqmplnin _ of tlio drimago dolio to thoir orojis1 by thoso mid night marauders. Horse shoes.— In our issuo 6f last wook wo published . a lottor, from q corrospondqut who has evidently givon oaroful thought to tho sub- joot of tlio comfort of our horsos in tho mattor of sIioob. Ho udvisos- tlio introduotiun of shoos m'ndo of ' vulcanised india- rubber. Tho idea is scarocly . a now ono; but yot it dosorves tlio most sorious attention. T'ho writor is n farmor of a high order; arid ono whoso sogges- Hoiib aro dosprving of notice by all intclli,' cnt moil. His reasoning is somiibio and to tho point. IIo altribntos many of tlio' ills to which horseflesh is. hoir to, to tlio prosont.univarsuh plan of shooiiig thom with' wrought ifoii. Vulouuisod indiu-rubbor bus ' boon succossfully tried us tiors for wlicols, and honco ho argues: tbut it' should bo: npplioiiblo. to tho shooing of , liorsos. Wo nro in- olinod to ugroo with liiin. Any substunco whioh will yiold lo tho iuoqunlitios of tlio ground must bo a relief to tlio nuimul shod with it. Agaiu, iu a hot climato lileo this, where tlio rouds become excessively hoatod, a horse's shoos bccomo doubly so , by, thoir fric tion ou tlio ground and thb transmitted boat, Tlioy must unavoidably suffor considerably from tins cuiiso,,and we commend, tlio.; subject to our principal liorso-sliocrs as wortliy of trial. Thu iudiiv-riiqbor slincs could bo fastunod with haiD in the same manner ns tlio iron shoos, and tboy would last oqually as long as, if not. longer than, tlio latter. T'ho horse is of such iuiiiiito value to all olassos of tlio ooiiiniiiiiity, that anything which has a tondqucy to re- duoo tho possibity bf injuring the noble animal to a miuimuin should bo rogardca with tho attention suoh au important matter dosorves. Queenslander. Her Sweetheart. — Tho Jaokson (Toun.) "Sun vouohos for tha.truth of tho following: — During tho war tliore lived in tlio vioinity of this city a solitary uiaidan of sixty summers, who had no ono to protoot hor ngainBt tho rude buffets of tho world. If any flower of affec tion for tbo othor sox had ever WHrmod' arid bouutiiicd hor innidon heart, it bloomed in fiocrot and " wastod itB swootness on the' dosort riir." At tho timo whioh " tried moil's souls," slio ooutiuuod to livo ulono, untorrifiod by tlio evils bf war. . Ono day,' whilo this oity' wus oooupiod by Fodoial troops, a soldier wont into bor potato patch, and ooinmonood liolpiug him solf to tho potatoes. She soou discovered his pyosouco, and rushing out, slio. screamed in a high shrill key, " Get out of my potato patch, you vagabond ! " Soldier— " I shan't do it; your sous nro in the army fighting against us now, and l am agoing to havo ail tho potatoes I want." Maid—" You're u liar, you're a liar." Soldior— .'.'Wbllj.ifyour sons ain't, your husband isj and, , I am going,, to have tbo potatoes.'';, Mqid—". You're a liar, sir ; I bavo. got no liusbiiiid." Sqidiqr— '/ Well, if your husband ain't, your swbothqart is." Maid— "Woll, I deolaro (sbftouiu'g),"who' told' you I had a swoothourt ? " Soldior — " Novor mind." Maid " Woll, I rookon you can liavo a fow potatoes, but don't tako moro'n you want for your own use." ; By tho mail lottors: have bocn. roceivod, stating that tho Governors of Triuity Collogs, Dublin, and tlio Professor, of iho Dublin School of physio, have roooguisod Professor Coughtroyof Diinodiu as a looturor on anatomy. Professor Black has also boon aoknowlodgcd by tho Univorsity of Abordoou for his chemistry Disturbs. _ Professor Coughtrcy of Duuodin oommoucod his summor oourso' of popular looturos en " Anatomy 'and' physiology of Brain and Special Sonsos" on tlio 20th Novoinbor, nnd gavo tho last of tho series on Tuesday, Dooombor tlio l2tli. Thoy woro dolivorod to a scientific class with 38 mc'rabbrs in ono of tlio class rooms at tho Uriivorsity. T'ho attoiul- auoo at tlio sovowl looturos wus vory good. 