WOMEN AND BOEES. r-*v •' (From" the Saturday Review.) Mbs aro^mbre'easily. "bored' than women, while ■women' are more subject" to' ennui than meh;'and the fact 6eems to throw some light ;on.''ithe delicate distinctions between ennui and boredom. It would be a mistake to sup. .pose that the latter is the English type of the former malady, which more nearly resembles ,the mythical disease that the "French call le •spleen.Perhaps, if wo try to be accurate, we .might.define ennui as a general and per manent weariness resulting from some theory of life..or. from some Bet of conditions that affect the whole tenor of existence. Boredom, .on- theJofcher hand, is the. chance, depression scaused- by particular circumstances;, as, for example, by. the presence of this or that sort ofr.companions, by . the weather, and so on, .Jtfow,'. it seems natural to expect that, if a /woman is to be bored at all, she will he bored in detail, so to speak—will ho subdued by this ■or .that' uncongenial influence, rather, than depressed by a morbid theory of life as a whole, or by a gloomy habit of mind. Philosophers, . from r xAristotle. downwards, have , spoken •,of?the<:iair ias ithe creatures of a fleeting •moment, and as the spoils, in a harmless, sense, of .opportunity:. > But. this-%plausiblo -theory is jcontradicted. by -the facts of boredom and. of ^entiui. i Women never appear in ao. amiable.alight as :in their,;.relations. with bores. , The world •.is fullofmeh like St. Aldegonde/in " Lotbair," .aensitlvQ creatures. who are always shudder ring at,the: distant prospect of being bored. jBut; .there .-.are so fow women ; like , Lady .Dedlockin t" Bleak House," .that. Dickens •.mav-be-supposed to have fashioned her, like •his'other, lords, and, ladies, out of a phantasy } which»borrowed: nothing, from ohservatiou. .When hush an Is and wives are obliged or in duced-to go in searoh of pleasure, the lady .naturally foresees a crowd of perils which will .haunt the. man, rhut which do not scare her. /She knows that she will have to lead bim, as -Faith guides reason in a popularprint, through , desolate regions:beset by ghostly foes which tiare; to. her- invisible. She will have toi protect .' him with the buckler of good temper and other .•spiritual armour from the assaults .of bores ooffievdry degree. She will he obliged to i.conaolea him, • or .at least to listen to • his .complaints after, . dinner parties in o,which the doll and" the prosy have beset him ti on: thiazide and on. that. From old ladies who chave; seen a great deal of forehm society, and .arefull.of about the dear Khedive and the vsweet.Empress; from amateur mediums, from •/political prigs, she .does not suffer, or does not ,.Beem to sufferjand in, fact, she rises above the biacts.;.of -he^ environment, while he is. the \- fodora.iTictiinuof circumstance. In visits to u Country-houses, and in the inevitable encounters ^with kinsfolk, this peculiarity of .women i» ^'peculiarly, precious. Even before breakfast, in. ■. Some rural home of dreary creatures, a man .-beholds, asheidresses,.the spectre of the bore •i dom which, dwells on. the threshold of the day. •jln.the.raiay.morning, when the funereal pine .trees wave theirwet plumes '.before the windows,! ..the spectre takes palpable shape.' The letter-bag , arrives,, and contains nothing but bills/ and accounts, of. 12 hours' fighting,j.which look ^vastly; different from tho point of view of .'Belgrade' and; .of Constantinople. . JEhero is ' - nothin g to do but to inspect the hind-quarters of -the carriage horses .in the stables, of tocon . 'template one of . those fox-terriers which, accor . ding to tho sporting advertisements, " will fill a , gentleman's eye." A gentleman whose eye cannot he thus easily filled, and who can find '"neither hooks nor sympathetic company, is the victim of a melancholy at once snappish and ignoble.^ If he looks forward to dinner, he also looks forward to conversation as dull as the echoes in a . whispering gallery, or in areso -:hanf sepulchre of prehistoric kings. Ho knows ''that for the twentieth time he will he found to ''have forgotten the ramifications of his wife's family, and will be detected in shameful igno ' ranee about the connections of the first husband of the widow whom her grandfather espouaed ' at his third nuptials. Meanwhile the partner : of his cares is alert, and even joyous. She has * not the' scent for bores, as the blacksmith in \- Siltu. Marner had not the smell for a ghost. * t"Women are fortunate in'their exemption /froin a severe social trial,'hut tho spectacle of of their mild enjoyment of the boro is often ' irritating. No man likes a woman's man, and he'who becomes .a woman's man by virtue of /the very qualities that make him distasteful to 'his own sex is peculiarly odious. It is not ' very difficult to discover good reasons why ladies should often welcome (him whom men •flee from in terror. The bore is almost • always in earnest, and this characteristic is /sometimes a welcome change. It must be \- remembered that when men meet women, they naturally expect what tho poet colls " an hour . of ease,' and are not disposed fo for stern intel lectual exercise. Many women of our day, on : tho other hand, look forward to • meeting men as-.their .only chanco of really itnprov ; ing,{conversation. This is where persons like Baniel Beronda have an unfairadvHntuge; > for they are ready in all seasons to "quarrel -with a duchess about theology." A ballroom , or a lawn- tennis party nfiords them as good an /opportunity as they could wish of adapting the /views'of Mr. Herbert pencer to the minds of ' untaught listeners. A man who .carries about " everywhere his farrago of philosophy, politics, ' ethic8,andsoon,is naturally considered a bore by ' men ; but there are always women who can only ■/get their speculative wares from pedlars of this ' sort. . Tho ordinary discussion-shops and lec * ture-roomB are closed to women/whose demand, indeed, is not regular, and so they welcome the \- occasional visit of the prig. His 'stock of 'knowledge—his "notions," as the Americans ' say—may not bo of tho best quality, • and ho. : may not expose thorn in the fitting place; but • there is no othor place open, and thoro are no . other notions to be hadl Thus women will put .up .with the scientific, or tbo spiritualistio,- or, -the travelling, or the tuft-hunting bore. • They i will listen to him whether: ho proses of - Eg> pt; . or of Lord's,' and they1 are gratified-, by• the \- demure attention of the - well-informed' bore,1 who neglects no possible source of ireful know ledge. \ •. •''. , •' It must .always be remembered that, .if women are tolerant of this or that individual bore, it is partly because "they-have not time to find him out. 5® probably talks woll about himself and his speoial subject; and if ho has not time to spoil the impression, he may deceive the unwary. A man, to be sure, knows a bore from the very fhst by that un failing instinct which is perhaps tho permanont effect of ancestral experiences. The well informed prig rarely takes a man in, lot him charm nover so wisely. Still there are excep tions; we are allliablo to bo imposed on; but the bore soon reveals himself in his true colours if he has a chance. There are so fow people who will listen to him that he sticks to those who do, and makes life hideous to them in dabs and places where men. congregate. "With women he naturally has not the same chances, and on intellectual, woman may live in the same house with a bore for weeks and never find him out. If there ore female bores—a question which is, perhaps, too subtle for discussion—it is probable that they are not treated by their own sex with quite such gentle tolerance as the male of' the species. A man may find a woman to be a not unpleasant neighbour at dinner, and may afterwards learn from his wife that she is a bore. Possibly there is some good and sufficient reason why she should be spoken of with bitterness, quite apart from the reason assigned. Possibly, on better acquaintance, he, too, would find her out. At the worst, women, cannot suffer as much as men. do from tedious and depressing' persons of their own sex. The male bore has really nothing in common with humanity; his pet theme, or theory, or grievance entirely absorbs him. There are topics, on the other hand, about which every woman can' talk as well as another, and' on which no woman ought to weary.'' ThuB a lady may he a bore about, the higher education of women, about 1 Cambridge' examinations she may wax ex- j cessively dreary, about decorative art,' or i about missions to the Fuegians she' may have far too much to say. But it is easy with a little tact to allure her from 'the question of woman's rights to that of lady helps, >'tnd so, insensibly and by degrees, to servants at large; and then into. personal gosBip. A stream of twaddle about decoration may be turned into the channel of dress, and may then be made to flow-through rich domuins of small talk about people. "Thus boredom vanishes ' tinder ' the spell'of scandal; and woman escapea from the , plague which is peculiar to the experience of 