CbfRTOUS NOTIONS ABOUT THE DEAD. } ' In a Russian tale a grandmother says to' her granddaughter, who is threatened by a j fiend ' Oh, dear me, my poor, unhappy child! Go quickly to the priest, and ask him this favor — that if you die, your body shall not be taken out of the house through the doorway, but that the ground shall be dug away from the threshold, and that you shall be dragged out through the open ing.' This was originally tho coin'mon mode wl |-rucut;uiii^ -miuu«^ v«inuu» iictuiuno. They thought that the spirit could jonly return by the same way that it went out of the house, and in order to prevent, its return, they took the dead through an opening that could be afterwards stopped »p- .- . ;? The Tislci of Alaska always carry thoir dead out through a hole at the back of the hut, and then close up the hole with the greatest care. Tlie Hottentots break an opening through the side of their hut for the' same purpose, and the Siamese, not content with this, having taken the dead body out,- hurry at full speed round to the other side of the house. Another strange custom in Russia is this : When a person suffers a veiy lingering death, in order to render his departure more easy, they let a black dog by a cord down' through the roof over' the dying person's head. They regard a black dog as an emblem of the human spirit, and their action is intended to show the departing spirit which way to go. The Chinese arid the North . American! Indians have also the idea .that the spirit always leaves through the roof, supposing that bhe life musb depart in bhe same way, bliab it came— from above. In ancient;E.onie a person. who had bjeen belieyed to be-: dead could only be per mitted to re-enter his house through tlie roof. I n Germany the general belief is that the soul departs through the 'window. When a person dies the window of the room is at once thrown open - and somebimes a cup of water is placed on the sill for the' refreshment of the spirit as it enters ori its ' long journey.' The Social System of the Ant.— We' are all familiar with the ant, and to some' exbenb with the organizations of their communities, but observations have re vealed , some extraordinary 'qualities in these little insects. .Sir John Lubbock lately delivered a lecture : at the .Royal In-. stibutiori;' on.1 the ant,, in which what die' .s'aicl- is thus summariiied by. the Spectator'.' j— rr'f:Modern 'fints' are- very eoriservative. ;-j !that they w;ill. keep to the track by which; tliey 'h'luvc ^rjib /found their , way to food,-; ^rnther:.than;,tVy -|a. short cut ndiich would, shorten:. ib.-.by'a;great many feet-; ; that .tliey; will go a very-long way r'orind, rather, than jump the third 'of an inch or fill up as. crevice of that breadth with fine mould provided ] for - tlieni ; that they prefer the' priest's and Levite'spart to the Samaritan's, -nob taking the trouble to dig a comrade out of light mould as the}' pass by, on the other side ; tliat they distinguish between the ants of their own nests and -strangers, ? and that if- a mixed group of their own people and strangers tire found intoxicated with alcohol, they drop' the strangers into water, but carry their own ants home though they sometimes make' mist tikes between the two when found' in that humiliating Condition ;? that .they keep standing armies and herds of cows ; and that, like human beings, .they are 'wholly demoralised by the- institution of slavery, so that they even forget how to'feed them selves. Still, the'y are obviously intellec tually nearer us, both in, their, contrivances' and the abuses which- result,Jfrom those' contrivances, than'any other sociarcreature, ? though they seem not ^tp.h'ave'.'any warm? insect affection., -i.'iCretirly^tlYey.ifhrtve ari organised. administration', an'army,-!a civil, service, and public-nurses. Possibly tliey'i have medical-anf/S; and if,' as seeth's-'Certftin,' they keep -tame 'beetles in: their- rie'st, J' as humble companions,- — to this Sir John Lubbock' expressly testifies— it; -. in.ty' ' be' 'that they keep them to experiment') ori by .way 'of, vivisection. , , L ;;1 ' /X'he Ghost op'.' a ?, -Boat:— A-i 'boiit that must have belonged to the ship commanded by the' ',F.I, y ing .DutcKraan' via, said to' have made its- appearance on the 'Manning River tTlve '^Yeitts '6^' . Saturday last relates' the, fol lowing W6'a-:e'lj!if6rmed! by jSeveral jrersoris that' maiVy reHrden ts „of the Lower Manning-jftre-jsaid :to.;have:i.witncHBed the extraordinary appearance of it boat mimjs any occupant;' ini the;-'lrieighbourhood of Oh inn] ^hinni.^.Qn.^beingj.approached it' ? either' ' 'disappears ' beneath ' 'the ' water or approaches the/shore -,apd/ vanishes: r -It is on starry or 'moonlight nights that it is observed, r;v, -The', r.afl'air l is ; creating': -xiuch -talk', arid' is-quite a mystery.' - ? ? ? 1 Sad iBeiikavkjiemt.— On'tho 25th:ultinio (the MucAcay Herald reports), a fino littlo boy about eight -years' old, the only child of- Mr. 'Hewland, ,tlie .liiafitor of the Sarah Crawford schooner, 'trading between Sydnoy and tho Mrtclcay River, took the stopper of a bottle, - with Iwine.ftt-lacbed, and wont to the rivor side to fisli ; bo tumbled in and was drowned. Oit being missed, continued-search .was made for the child, and, on Thursday morning- his body j was found in the river. The circumstances of the 'case render the accident particularly ! die- 1 tressing j the lost child was the only one spared I trf the parents out of eight, and Mr. llewlnnd | liad brought him- and his mother from-Sydney | to the Iilaoledy for change of air. (1 I 