WORRY AND ITS PHYSICAL EFFECTS. To so every-day and common a state of mind as worry, ranging; as Jt may, from a passing "lit of the bines" up to the most poignant mental anxiety regarding life itself, little importance is popularly attached ; and especially among so exceptionally nervous , and rapid a people as the Americans, the ' fact of a person succumbing under mental strain is of too ordinary occur rence to give rise to extended comment. To the list of the insane immured in asylums and brought thither through here ditary or by their own excesses, tliousauds are added suffering with brokeu minds in duced by anxiety ; but the great majority o. people thus anected continue in their places in society, by no means lunatics, nor maniacs, nor idiots, but nevertheless of braiu unsound in parts. The world sometimes dubs them ^ eccentric;" and, if they be so di; tinguished, their odd habits, absence mind, and like traits furnish rich ma terial for the biographical; iu other cases the eccentricities become crimes, and indiscriminating justice may declare tbe life forfeited because of the working of hidden faculties, uucontrollal >!e because disorgauised. "Worry, then, is dangerous, more so than the alcohol which kills the drunkard ; for the latter involves a habit and a taste which ma3r be put aside ; the former is the creature of necessit\% and creeps insidiously into every man's life. Its physiological effects, there fore, should be clearly and adequately rea lised ; and the kuowledge of the ills may, in some instances, prevent the existcuce of the case. During the early stages of dementia induced by mental anxiety, Dr. Richardson tells us, in his "Diseases of 3Iodern Life," there is nothing more than an increased ten sion of the minute vessels which supply the brain. In later stages the snbstance of the nervous tissue itself undergoes a modifica tion by which its activity is perma nently lost. Tliese are the physiological consequences, most Ijriefly summed up. The first symptom is a want of full bodily vigor; then follows craving for more work, disturbed sleep, acute sensi tiveness to external impressious, and, finally, strange figures and sounds are seeu and heard. This condition may continue for years, and the sufferer in time may begin to accept abuorinal creations as naturaL Dr. Richardson, cites a case of a mer chant, who for a week retained in his vision the spectra of three lights, oval in shape, of the size of an egg, and so clearly defined to the observer that he would watch them half-eousciously as they floated before him on the wall the ceiling, or in space. In this stage of the disease lies the foundation of all hypotheses of ghost-seeing, of ecstatic visions, and even of poetic frenzy. A curious in stance directly iu point, which came to our notice very recently, is that of a well-known writer in the Press, who, lor some time past, has devoted attention to the subject of mor bid mental conditions. This gentleman, in a letter to a daily journal, states himself to be the victim of the horrible spectacle of two men hanging from a gallows, a sight which he once beheld while acting as a city reporter. The suspended corpses are clearly brought before him by the sound of rain (the execution occurred during a rainstorm), and also by the sound of laughter, siuce, through some uncontrollable impulse duriinf the hanging, he was induced to utter an untimely peal or merriment. That the writer's brain is injured, possibly by the excessive mental strain peculiar to liis pro fession, seems probable ; and the lesson is manifested, as already described, by the constant recurrence of the apparition. It is a well-known fact that we have two na tures, one purely organic and emotional, the other subject to the reasoning powers. The organic nervous chain exists in the body as a link between emotional mental acts and vascular supply. An impression from with out, made through the organs of the senses upon the cinotioual centres, is reflected directly from them to the vascular expanse. The part flushes or blanches, and the heart hesitates, palpitates, rebounds, or intermits; so that these centres, excited by auxiety, or grief, or joy, or sorrow, influence the waves of blood passing through the sj'stem, aud the brain promptly feels the imperfect regu lation of the supply. Under varying tensions of the vessels, there are flashes, chills, coldness of the extremities, aud other op pressive symptoms, while in addition appear the distressing ringing or hammering sounds in the head. These sounds are arterial murmurs, vibrations of the blood which press with each impulse of the heart on the buiy* surroundings of the relaxed carotid canal, situated at the base of the ekulL The canal is in direct cuaueeticn, by solid concluctiuj, substance, with the organs of hearing, and thus the faintest vibration is detected. The sound produced when it is sudden aud unex pected, as in moments of fear, is occasionally mistaken for a sound proceeding from with out with no obvious cause. Thus the sufferer is ^ likely to see visions and hear strange noises, imi>alpable so to speak, but as purely physical as the most common things in life. In some instances they are actual perceptions of real facts or objects, caught by an ex tremely susceptible and delicate nervous surface. In others tucy are an intensi fied recognition of movements within the body; bat in the vast majority of instances they are actual impressious made at some time ou the organism, and now recalled and rendered more definite by constant recur rence. At this point, if the mental powers be allowed rest, aud the fountains of care be closed, recovery may take place ; but if the overstrain continue, the disease assumes still graver form. There is a maddening desire for work, more work, coupled with the sad sensation that the physical powers are failing; and then there are lapses of memory. The man of business forgets important details, he is irritable, distrusts everybody and him self most, makes mistakes, and yet persists in accumulating more work on himself. The poet and novelist become over-sentimental and morbid ; the man, troubled with remorse for guilt, coufesscs his crime, or commits suicide The downward course is rapid; in one case epilepsy occurs, in another para lysis, a third developes some hereditary malady like cancer, a fourth dies from ner vous failure and local disease of some vital organ. The majority, escaping these special ends, become prematurely old, and siuk helplessly into death. The brain becomes disorganised, the] balance is brokeu, and anarcuy succeeds to what once was order. In every brain, in fact, there is set up primi tively a kingly force, to which all other forces beud. The king may be good or bad, he may be an hereditary king or a usurper, buthe holds the balance; kill the king, ami in 119 cases out of a 100. the kingdom is made a chaos and dark ni^ht. —Scientific American. 