? DKPAHTUBE OF THE P. & O. STEAMER.—The R.M.S. China left Glenelg at 3.30 a.m. ou Friday morning, some slight delay iu her hour of starting having heen made to accommodate passengers ashore. Some 20 Aifghaits were taken on board by the Fairy, and the poor fellows presented a piteous appearance, having been subjected to 13 hours' imprisonment on board the hulk. All else passed off without the slightest difficulty, and at 4 o'clock everything was quiet at Glenelg. WRECK OF THE FANNY WRIGHT.—We are able to add a few particulars to those published this morning concerning the wreck of the Fanny Wright at Waterloo Bay. The following telegram was received by the President of the Marine Board from Police-trooper G. McCord:— "Schooner Fanny Wright wrecked in Waterloo Bay on the 7th instant at 8.30 p.m., in two and a quarter fathoms of water. She had some cargo on board that was saved from the Freebridge. The master, Captain Glenn, found she was making water about an hour before she sank. Worked both pumps. Could not keep her afloat. She is 700 yards from shore. No lives lost. I received this news by letter from Police-trooper Clode, to whom it was reported last night. He immediately started for Waterloo Bay and will send further news per mail." The Fanny Wright was a handsome and smart brigantine of 95 tons register, and owned by Mr. R. Honey, of Port Adelaide. She cleared out July 20 for Eucla, Western Australia, with the following exports:—12 iron tanks, 10 loads timber, 41 pkgs., Smith and Paqualin; 7 tons chaff, 25 bags oats, T. A. Brock. The vessel was purchased some 18 months since for the South Australian trade, and has been in charge of Captain Glenn. Waterloo Bay is said to be a dangerous spot for craft to anchor in on account of its exposed position to the south-west gales. MB. HENHY TABLET.—The Argus of August 6 lias the following:—"Mr. Henry Vailey, the Evangelist, who lias acquired some fame in England and America, and who arrived from London last Wednesday, preached in the Wesleyan Church, Emerald Hill, yesterday morning to a large congregation. In the afternoon he addressed the senior scholars at the Wesleyan Sunday-school, and in the evening he preached in the Clarendon-street Presbyterian Church. Some 20 years ago Mr. Yarley was a resident of Geelong, where he amassed a competency, and he is row devoting liis means to the spread of the gospel. While in England lie built and supported a large tabernacle at Notting Hill, London." FIEE IN HESDLET-STBFJET.—Shortly after 2 o'clock on Friday morning, August 10, a fire broke out on the premises occupied by John Faliey, bootmaker, 126, Hindley-street west. The police and fire brigade authorities were soon on the spot, and succeeded in subduing the flames, though not before they had caused considerable damage. The origin of the fire is unknown, and the damage is covered hy insurance. THE LATE SIR C. M. O'LOGHLEN.—Telegrams have been received in Melbourne, announcing the death in Ireland of Sir Colman Michael O'Loghlen, Bart., who from December, 1868, to November, 1870, was Judge Advocate-General in Mr.Gladstone's Administration, and who from 1863 has represented the County Clare in the British Parliament. Sir. Bryan O'Loghlen, brother of the deceased, who was (says the Argus)- " Till recently Crown Prosecutor in Melbourne, succeeds to the title, as Sir Colman died without issue." THE Crops ABOUT KAPUNBA..—The local paper states that in many parts of the district the late-sown crops present a very unfavourable appearance. For these in {articular rain is greatly needed, otherwise they will not give a better yield than was obtained last year. The early-sown crops are standing the dry we ithej much better than those which were put iu later. RIVER NEWS.—The following were the height of the rivers at the localities mentioned, -n reported at the Telegraph Office on August 10, 9 a.m.— Wentworth (Darling), 10 ft.T3 in., falling. Euston (Murray), 9 ft., rising. Eclrnca (Murray), 9 ft. 11 in., rising. Bali ana Id (Murrumbidgee), 5 ft. 3 in. Hay (Murrumbidgee), 3 ft. 3 in. Wagga Wagga (Murrumbidgee), 3 ft. THE MEJ.HOUENE FOOTUALL CLCIS.—Tlie Melbourne Football Club held a practice match on the Adelaide Ground, lent iheal by that Club on "Friday morning, August 10. The players evidently held themselves in reserve for Saturday's match. They are far more weighty aiyl strong than their opponents, and excel iu kicking and pace; but it is yet to be seen how they will shape against the "little mark" play of the Victorians. SMAI:T Trip TO STDXEY.—The barque "Wistaria hr.s made a splendid run to Sydney n-om Port Adelaide in little more than four days. WRECK AT WATERLOO BAY.—We have bee courteously informed by the Superintendent of Telegraphs that he last evening received intelligence of the wreck of the schooner Fanny Wright on Tuesday, August 7, at Waterloo Bay. The vessel, which was bound to Eurl ". with a cargo of telegraph stores, went down iu two ami a quarter fathoms of water at a distance of 703 yards from the shore, but no lives were lost. It will be remembered that Waterloo Bay is the locality at wliich the schooner Freebridge was wrecked on June 12 last. ADELAIDE BENEVOLENT AND STRANGERS FMEND SOCIETY.—The Committee o£ this Society held their monthly meeting on Tuesday, August 7, at the Church Office ; Mr. H. Hussey in the chair. The Treasurer's miuute was read, showing a balance in hand of £13 9s. Id. The sum voted to relieve the various cases brought forward at the meeting, together with that for emergency-orders during the past month, amounted to £13 Is., beiug to relieve 26 cases. Each member of the Committee was empowered io tiraw to the extent of 10s. in case of emergency during the ensuing month. THE LARRIKIN ELEMENT AT A MEETING.—To show how obtrusive the larrikin element is becoming at public meetings, it may be stated (remarks the Ar-jv.-i) that at ilie Trades Hill, when manufacturers of leather, curriers, and others had the leather duty under discussion, a larrikin impudently put a lulf-filled bottle of beer before the Chairman aud was encouraged by the laughter that his act provoked from his friends to attempt a speech, but he was promptly brought down from tlie platform. His intrusion was preceded by an unseemly motion from a man who did not appear to be sober, to the effect "that what we call our honest importers are rogues/' Much stronger words than the one indicated by the blank were used by different persons in an interjectory way iu the course of the irregular discussion which lasted from beginning to end, but nobody appeared to be shocked. The Chairman (Mr. Thompson) spoke with soaie indignation of the conduct of the larrikin, but this was only when the lavrikin (whom lie callei " a gentleman") rose to complain that Mr. Thompson had offered him 30s. a week as wjges. an'I nat on the appearance of tlie bottle, which was merely regarded as a joke. A NOVEL WAGER.—The Southern Argus of August 9 relates the following:—" One eveuiug this week a merry party iu Stratlialbyn were seated round a fireside indulging every passion for horrors by telliug the most extraordinary ' ghost stories' that could be brought to recollection. Gradually the subjcct of 'cemetery bravery' was brought on, when one of the party, a young gentleman, declared his willingness to go to any part of the Stratlialbyn Cemetery at midnight; and this statement led to a wager being made that he woidd not that night go aud deposit a bunch of keys upon a specified grave. This he accepted, and started shortly before midnight, returning in the course of the next halfhour, having traversed the whole of the distance, two miles anda half, overa sandy and rough road, walked 50 yards into the cemetery, and deposited the bunch of keys upon the grave. The gentlc-man who laid the wager thinking that the distance could not be done iu the time, tiie courageous one was sent to his room with a companion who was to see that he did not leive it during the night, and early next moraiug they then drove up to the cemetery, when the keys were found upon the identical grave agreed upon. The time occupied was so short as to deserve notice—any one knowing the road will at once recognise that fact, the distance from the house from where he started to the cemetery gate being lather more than a mile and a quarter, so that our ' brave' friend must have stepped it out pretty considerably—whether impelled by fear or courage we cannot say." HORSESTEALING.—On or about July 26 (says the Border Watch), two horses mysteriously disappeared from a grazing paddock near the town, known as Nobes's paddock. The horses were well-bred valuable animals, were of nearly the same colour—dark-brown—aud were in general respects well matched. But they had different owners, one belonging to Mr. AV. Hiller, the other to Mr. E. Kiull. How they got out of the paddock was a mystery. The gate£ were securely locked, and so they remained after the horses had got away. The fence did not appear to have been interfered with either. After various surmisings it was concluded thit, as the fence was weak in one or two places, a rail had been removed, the horses taken ont, and the fence then repaired. On Friday afternoon both Messrs. Krull and Hiller reported their loss to the police, and fortunately the very same evening Corporal Field received a telegram from the Supeiintendent of. Police at Belfast, Victoria, stating that a man named Garratt Wheelan, alias Miles Garratt, had been detained by the Koroit Police on suspicion of having stolen two horses he had in his possession. The descriptions and brands given in the telegram exactly corresponded with those of Messrs. Krull and Hiller's horses, and information to that effect was returned to Belfast. On Monday morning evidence was taken at the Police Court to justify the issue of a warrant for the arrest of the offender, aud Police-trooper MacFarlane, armed with the warrant, was at once dispatched to bring Wbee".an to Mount Gambier. WheelaD, who seems to have an olkts for nearly every place he visits, was a recent arrival at Mount Gambier from Victoria-. SOMETHING FOB THE SPELLING BEES.—A citizen from Baltimore has been hunting up some big words, and publishes them in the American for the benefit of the getter-up of spelling matches. The first word offered is said to be the longest word in the English language used ofterfin old plays, and placed in the mouth of Costard the Clown in "Love's Labour Lost," Ac* 5, scene 1:—" Honorificabilitudiuitatibus." The next in "Pilgrims of the Rhin?,"by Bulwer:—"Amoronthologospliorus." The nextfroin Rabelais: — " Ansioerieatametananaparbeugedamphic-Ribrationestoordecantium." The nest is the name of an officer now in Madrid, Doa Juan Nepomuceno d-.- Burionagonatorecagagezoecha. The next is a town in the I-ile of Mull: —"Drimtaidhvrk-.khilliclmttaii." The next:— " Jimgfrauexzimmerd'arehsch windsuehttoedlungsgegenvererein." " Nitrophenyienediamine " and " Polyphrasticontinomimegalondulation*' are two names that recently appeared in the London Times. " Sankashtachaturthivratodyapaua." "Swapanchakrliarimanamantcastora." The names of two productions of Sanscrit literature. "Lepadotemaclioselacliogaleokraiiicleiphanodrimuposrimmatokishlepikossuphophattoperiserirtliskt&uonopsegkeplilokigkopeleiolagoosiraiobaphetra; ganopterugon.'' This last word is the longest in any language. It may be found in the " Ekklesiazousai" of Aristophanes, a very excellent coniedy, and placed in the mouth of one of the actors. It consists of 169 letters, aud makes 77 syllables, and must have created some laughter when spoken. Some actors of the present day would Lardly risk h.—Z<.«la,ii Tabid. 