THE PAN-PRESBYTERIAN COUN CIL MEETING AT EDINBURGH. No. 2. We continue our report of the proceedings of „ the Presbyterian Council held at Edinburgh, July 3rd,- 1877. (The paper of Professor Kraft, of Bonn, read .y the Rev. Mr. Cusin, of Edinburgh, in the abaence of the Professor, showing the spiritual / harmony and unity of the Reformed Confes- \- sions.) One section of the Reformed Confessions puts . the principle of Scripture foremost, to express 7 thereby that the whole doctrine and all the in- ' stitutions of the Church are to be considered in ' the light of Holy Scripture, as the one and only source of knowledge and the supreme standard." But another startB from the article "De Deo," and in its succeeding arrangement of topics seeks to follow the (Ecumenical Confessions of the Catholic Church, in order to show the har- ' : mony and connection of the Reformed Churches, which arose - out of the Reformation of, the t sixteenth century, with those oldest testimonies. The Consensus adopts the latter arrangement, because the tendency of the Reformed Church to universality in the Confessions asserts itself astheprominent and prevailing one. ." .Art. l.'Of the Beingof God.-- We believe and confess that there is one only living and true God, to whom alone our worship is due, a simple, , spiritual being, eternal, infinite, un changeable/immense, almighty, who is perfect, ..wise, good and righteous. Art. 2. Of the Revelation of God. — We be-, lieve that this living God has revealed Himself to men, first, by His works in the creation and f overament of the world, but more clearly Btill y His Word. Art. 3. Of the Holy Scriptures. — We confess that' the one, only source of standard of this divine revelation is Holy Scripture, the con tents of all those books, which God has caused to be written by the instrumentality of men en lightened by the Holy Spirit — prophets, apostles, and evangelists. Art. 4. Of the Canonical Books of the Old and New Testaments. — Those books of the Holy Scriptures of the Old and New Testa ments, which are called the canonical books, have from ancient times been received by the . Christian Church, and are set down unanimously in the Reformed Confessions. Art. 5. Of the Authority of the Holy Scrip tures. Destinctionk between the Canonical and Apocryphal Books. — These books are the rule of our. faith (canon), not only by the general -consent of the Church of God, but also by the testimony and inward assurance of the Holy Spirit, who teaches us to distinguish them from the ecclesiastical bookB, called Apocrypha, on which, though they are useful, it is unlawful to found any' article of faith. Art. 6. Of the Perfections of the Holy Scrip tures.— We b.elieve also that these Holy Scrip tures of the Old. and New Testament contain perfectly the whole counsel and will of God, and that in them everything is fully taught which it is necessary for man to know and believe for the obtaining of salvation. There fore, nothing is to be taken from," and'nothing added to the Scriptures, and everything must be proved and ordered, or reformed according thereto. Art. 7. Of God and the Holy Trinity. — We believe, according! to the Holy Scriptures, that the one Divine Being consists of three persons — the Father, the Son, andthe Holy Spirit. The Father, the First Cause, or ground and origin of all things.; the Son, His eternal Word and His eternal wisdom, the Holy Spirit, His eternal . power and energy. The Son iB begotten from eternity of the Father ; the Holy Ghost from eternity proceeds from the Father and Son. These three, persons are not divided, but com pletely the same in substance and glory. Art. 8. Of the Creation of the W orld and of Angels. — We believe that God to reveal His incomprehensible power, wisdom, and goodness, created all things out of nothing — heaven and earth, and all that is therein, also the invisible spirits, of whom some have fallen away and perished, hence become the enemies of all good ; the others have persevered in obedience, and are glorified, and, as the servants of God, glorify Him, and promote the salvation of His elect. Aril. 9. Of the Divine Providence and Govern ment. : — We believe that God also preserves and "governs all the creatures, and that nothing hap pens in this world without His will and ordering, so that even evil (sin) whose author God is not, must serve His highest ends, and those who have been elected according to the counsel of .'HiB grace before the foundations of the world may be assured of tbis, that no one can do them / barm, and that all must issue in their best " good/ Art. 10. Of the Creation of Man, the Fall, and Corruption.— We believe that God created man, male and female, perfect after His own image, gave him wisdom, righteousness, freedom of will, which was subject to change, and clear self-knowledge ; that man, tempted by Satan, fell by his own guilt from the Divine favour, and his nature is so wholly corrupt that he cannot, by his own power, reason, and will, draw near to God. . Art./ 11. Of Original Sin. — We believe that this corruption as a debt (guilt) has descended . "as an inheritance to Adam's posterity, and this original sin is really sin, which manifests itself from youth upwards as eirl concupiscence, and makes man wholly incapbale of good, so that he can do nothing but sih. Art. 12. Of Divine Predestination.— We be- lieve that God rescues from this universal cor- ruption, by reaspn of which all men have come under condemnation, those whom He has elected in Christ to . eternal glory, according to His ' eternal and unchangeable counsel, of His free grace and love, and not from foresight of their faith, while He, to the Honour of His all- overruling sovereignty and power over the creatures, leaves the rest in their corruption and condemnation, into which they have cast themselves, to the praise of His glorious righteousness. Art. 13. Of the Restoration of Mankind by ; the Son of God.— We believe that God accord- ing to His promise to the fathers in the Old ; Testament, did; at the time determined by Him , , send into the world His only begotten and .eternal Son, that He, who was to be" the seed of the woman, might bruise the serpent's head, and save 'as many as should believe on His name. Art. 14. Of the "Incarnation of the Son of God. — We believe that God's only begotten Son voluntarily took the form of a servant, became even as other men, and truly took to Himself our human nature, with all its weaknesses, yet without sin, "when He was conceived by the power of the Holy Ghcfet in the womb of the Virgin Mary. Art. 15. Of the Personal Relation of the Two Natures in Christ. — We believe that by this conception the divine and human natures are truly and indissoluhly joined and united in one person, Jesus Christ, though each of the . two natures retains its own properties, so that the divine nature remains, uncreated, infinite, filling all things ; and the human has remained finite, retained form and dimensions, and, though the body of Jesus, at His resurrection, became pos sessed of immortality, yet it lost not its true human nature. Art. 16. Of the Showing of God's Mercy in Christ towards us. — We believe that God has demonstrated His unbounded love and mercy to us by showing forth His righteousness on His own Son, when for our sin and -guilt He gave Him over to the death, and for our justification raised Him up from the dead, that we through Him might obtain immortality and eternal life. Art. 17. We believe that Jesus, our one only Mediator, by His voluntary obedience, and His one sacrifice, which He offered to God in the death of the Cross, has fully satisfied the justice of the Father, and accomplished our reconcilia tion, so that we are accepted as righteous before God, though we are yet sinners ; and therefore every other way of reconciliation with God, save this sacrifice offered once for all, is to be rejected. Art. 18. Of Justification by Faith and Justi fying Faith.— We believe that our whole right eousness is founded on the forgiveness of our sins, which is vouchsafed on account of the merit of Christ, and that we became partakers of this righteousness only by faith, which the Word of God and the Holy Spirit awake in the hearts of men ; that this faith is a special gift of God which He bestows on whoever He will, and that this faith is not given for a time once only to the elect, but secures that they persevere to the end. Art. 10. Of the New Life in Sanctification. — We believe that by faith we are born again to a new life, freed from the bondage of sin, and translated into the state of sonship ; that the power to live holily is not only not weakened by faith, but rather is strengthened, since it neces sarily produces good fruits, but that this sancti fication, which extends over the whole man, during this life, remains still imperfect. Art. 20. Of the "Value of Good Works. — We believe that the good works which proceed from living faith are only good and .well-pleasing to God, because they are hallowed by His grace, but must not be so regarded, as if by them Ave could merit anything. We should be tossed perpetually on a sea of uncertainty if our miser able consciences could not stay themselves on the alone merit of Christ. Art. 21. Of the Alone Mediation of- Christ.— We believe that Christ is our one only inter cessor, through whom alone Ave have access to the Father, and in whose name alone we should turn to the Father in prayer. It is there fore unlawful to pray othenvise than according to the direction of the Divine Word, and to implore the intercession of the saints is wholly to be condemned, ' they not being thereby honoured, but put to shame. Art. 22. Of the Catholic- Church. : — We ac knowledge one Catholic or universal Church, which is a communion of all believers, Avho look for their Avhole salvation from Jesus Christ alone, who are cleansed by His Blood and sanctified by His spirit ; that this holy Church is confined to no special place, or limited to special persons, but is scattered over the whole earth, and yet is united in one and th& same spirit by the power of faith. Art. 23. Of the Marks of the True Church. — Its Distinction from the False.— We confess that this true Church is thus distinguished from the false — (1) that she busies herself with the pure preaching of- the gospel ; (2) observes the pure administration of the sacraments according to Christ's institution ; (3) practises Church discipline for the removing of scandals — in general, does everything according to the dirretion of God's Word, abhors e\\-erything opposed to it, and acknowledges the Lord Christ as -her only Head, and therefore can in no sense regard the Pope of Rome as her Head. From this true Church it is unlawful for any one to separate himself. . Art. 24. Of the Communion of Saints within the True Church. — We confess that there js a communion of saints, who by faith are united Avith Jesus Christ, their only Head by His ' Spirit, and who join one with another, according to the Word of God,, to shun sin and pursue righteousness ; so, to love God and their neighbour, and to serve one another ; and though they make constant progress in sanctification, do ever again turn to Christ, as their refuge, to obtain from Him .alone for giveness of their sins.. Tho wickedness of hypocrites, who are found among the saints, cannot annul the name of the true Church. Art. 25. Of Church Government. — We confess that this true Church of Christ should be governed according to the orders appointed by God in jHis Word ; therefore there should be Church office- bearers (pastors, elders, and deacons) that the Word of God may be purely taught, the sacraments administered according to their institution, Church discipline rightly excercised — the office bearers acting by way of warning or excommunication from the table of the Lord according to the deserts of each case ; also .those appointed thereto should minister to the wants of the poor. Art. 26. Of the Calling of Church Office-, bearers. We confess tliat the office-bearers of the Church (pastors, elders, deacons) should be called thereto in a lawful way by the Church, that they should be set apart to their offices by the laying-on of hands, in the manner prescribed by God's Word, that those office bearers form no essentially distinct rank from believers generally, and have all, in whatever place they may be, equal authority, and power, under Christ their one Head. Art 27. Of the Saoraments. — We confess that the sacraments are instituted by God as sacred pledges (seals) of the divine covenant of Grace, to support our faith, that they are outward, signs of invisible blessings, whereby as means God Himself works in us by the power of the Holy Spirit. There are, however, according to the saoraments of the Old Testament, Circum cision and. the Passover, only two in the New Testament, instituted by Christ Himself, Baptism and the Lord's Supper. Art. 28. Of Baptism. — We confess that bap tism, in which water is to bo used as . the ex ternal element, is administered to the baptised catechumen (candidate)' in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, not only as a sign of his reception into the Church of God, but also as a seal of the covenant of grace, that he has thereby been engrafted into Christ, cleansed by HiB blood, and renewed by His Holy Spirit ; also wo hold that because God in His Church receives tho children "with the fathers, the children of believers are to be baptised. Art. 29. Of the Lord's Supper. — We confess that the Lord's Supper, whicn our Lord Jesus instituted that night in which He was betrayed, as the sacrament of His body and blood, serves in the case of those already received into the Church of God, to seal their communion with Christ, inasmuch as they who come truly be lieving to. the table of the Lord are spiritually fed by. Christ, though He sits on the right hand of the father in Heaven — you, as truly as they, partake bodily of the outward signs — bread and wine— so certainly, by the power of His Spirit, are they spiritually fed by Him on His real body and blood ; but the unbelieving receive, indeed, the elements of the sacrament, bnt not the things itself, and are, therefore, guilty of the body and blood of the Lord to their own condemnation. Art. 30. Of Magistracy. — We confess that God has ordained civil ruler s to govern the world by laws, and given the sworn into their hand to punish the wicked, protect the good, and to repress sins, not only against the second, but also against thefirst tableof God'slaw. Therefore, Ave hold that all, of whatever rank they may be, are bound to pay their taxes and dues, and follow and obey them in everything which is not opposed to the Word of God, and also to pray for them that God may guide them rightly in all their doings. Art. 31. Of the Lost Judgment, Resurrection of the Body and Life Eternal. — We believe and confess that our Lord Jesus Christ, when the number of the elect Bhall be completed, will come again to judge the quick ana the dead, that the quick shall then be changed, the bodies of the dead raised up by the power of Christ, and that these all shall appear before the judgment-seat of Christ, to give account of their thoughts, words, and deeds, to receive, each according to the good, or evil which he has done during his life in the body, the righteous, eternal life ; but the godless, who have been disobedient to God, the punishment of ever lasting suffering. 