THE MERCURY^ WEDNESDAY HORNING, AUGUST S9, U77. I To all who desire to see the Colony attain -the position which a bountiful nature has destined for it, it must be gratifying to watch the efforts which small communities make in the direction to which the COLONIAL TREASURER in his recent political manifesto pointed, when he promised the aid of Government to " the development of a prosperity having for'it« base the industry and self-reliance of the people." On that base the people of Spring Bay have lately been building. At any rate that portion of the municipality embracing the township of Triabunna and a certain area around it, has been showing that self-reliance to which -tho COLONIAL TREASURER would give so much countenance. An estuary divides the township into eastern and western portions, which it ia desirable to connect by a causeway and approaches ; and whatmightotiier ' wise "be the valiiahk>«effect of such a anean* «1 traffic as the estuary, is rendered a hindrance to shipping and commerce by the absence of a jetty, for, consequent ob the want of such »convenience, themastersof the schooners and small craft plying to those waters have to convey their imports from their vessels a mile in boats before they can land at tho Spring Bay jetty. 'When such an obstacle stands in the way of small sailing vessels trading with Tria- bunna, need wo wonder if tho newly laid on steamer Truganini har had to give the placo a wida berth, and if tho inhabitants are merely tanta- lised by the sight of her smoke and the know- ledge that, however anxious they may be, the Steam Navigation Company do not dare sending their steamer there. The township is further isolated by a deep stream of water which forms the end of the main road from Swansea, to keep up communication with which and othor places 1 ' on the other sido, " a bridgo is an indispensable requirement. The absence of such conveniences has every now and again culminated in an outburst of local indignation. A year or two ago, Government, we believe, went so far as to prepare specifications for a causeway at Spring Bay, but, boyond " good intentions," they have gone no further, while the other wants we have enumerated have not re- ceived even that modified extent of Government notice. The people accordingly got disheartened waiting for the realisation of the fair promises sa often held out to thom. But their hopo de- ferred, if it may havo made the heart sick, has also bad the healthier influence of stirring up the people to industry and Belf-reliance ; and the districts more immediately interested, taking the matter into their own hands, resolved the other week to form themselves into a district for the purposes of the Local Public Works Act, 1872, for the construction of the following works re- quired in tho district, viz., a causeway and approaches over the estuary, to. ponnpet the eastern and western portions of the township of Triabunna ; a bridge oq the main-road towards Swansea ; and a jetty, The public'works scheme of the late Government proposod dpajing with a niggard hand with the requirements of the East Coast. Among the little proposed to be dono were a jetty and causeway at Spring Bay and a jetty at Swansea estimated respectively at £1,600 and £2,600. The present Government will, we hope, deal more liberally with a long neglected community, and extend that helping hand without which no individual industry and self-reliance on the part of a population so sparsely spread over so large'an area, can bp reasonably expeoted to successfully cope, It is evident, at any rate, that a considerable portion of Spring Bay is not to longer dangle in the expectation on the gracious smiles of Ministers. They are to take the reins' into their own hands. But when Government favours ¡ire going, not the less are they entitled to thoir share because they hare shown their determination to bo aplf I reliant. The people of the East Coast liare been paying thoir alnuo of Hie annual cost of tho Launceston and Deloraine -Railway | the burden of the Main Line is looming in tho dis- tance. For these lu Mirica they have to pay, and they haro to do so under tho not very soothing fact that they can hardly boast of decent bridle tracks in their own district. If afforded a reason- able amount of aid, tho East Oqaafc districts are bound to go a-hoad. This may be especially prophesied of Sptiug Bay that undoubtedly overlays a wide oxtent of coal deposits, and the peoplo not unnaturally ask aid in their develop- ment. In Victoria, in Kew South Wales, and in South Austra'ia the reanegtiyp Gfoverninents aro making vigorous efforts to disoovcr ooal and to add now fields where, as in New South Wales, they alroady aio to bo found in abundance. Spring Bay, with a littlo nid, would afford exceptional facilities for tho transit of coals when raised, lying so muqh as it does on the highway of the soa between New Zealand, Vic- toria and South Australia. For those Colonies it would become the principal market were a good coal discovered. The prospect of obtaining such a coal is encouraging as seams crop out in all directions, extending from the edge of the harbour waters at Spring Bay over 20 miles inland to tho Eastern Marshes. Thero was recently enclosed to the COLONIAL SECRETARY a chart of the locality distinguishing between private property and Crown lands. Any Government assistance would not bo for the sole benefit of prtrato land owueirf, for Ü00 acres lying in the township of Triabunna moat of it abutting on the harbour, remain unsold. Any discovery would enhance its value. Several efforts havo been made, and in each case indica- tions of coal have been found. But either through want of practical knowledge or lack of funds the discoveries were not followed up, and there is reason to believe that several shafts sunk in the township wore abandoned just when success was * most probable. These shafts all went through a five feet seam of coal with six feet of splendid fire clay underneath. Tho several town- ship shafts, wo are told, were, from want of scientific knowledge, sunk in the immediate vicinity of what has been described by Mr. SELWTN as "a fault" which he imagines destroyed the coal formation in that vioinity. Still good coal was traced ; and in creekB and other similar places excellent samples havo been found washed down by floods, thus loading to the inference that a proper Geological Survey would likely result in the disoovory of a valuable coal. The probable importance of such a dis- covery should be sufficient to induce Government I to give their favourable consideration, to any proposal for a proper test of tho district. The late Ministerial changes have interrupted the négociations that wore proceeding. Let ns hope they will not intoirnpt the prosperity of the Colony, nor stop Government enterprise, on which, as on the industry and s«lf-reliance of tho people, so muclTdeponds. IN this, as in many other communities, the liygeian HWB meet with n sort of tacit recogni- tion. The necessity for good drainage, pure water and air, and the other precautionary mea- sures which have been so frequently urged upon tho public, aro admitted, and occasionally feoble and isolated attempts are mado to carry them out ; but we know from daily experience and observation that what ÍB done in this way falls very far Bhort of what is required. It has been appositely said that if people paid us much attention to tho preservation of their health as they do to its deterioration, the medical frater- nity might be reduced in number by at least one-half, and people would be stronger in body, richer in pocket, and better able In every rospect to enjoy life. There is, howover, a singular indisposition to notice the premonitory signs and the primary causes of sickness and death. People appear willing to submit to any inconve- nience and discomfort, to allow the atmo- sphere in which they live nnd move and have their being, to be redolent with the pestiferous odours from noglected drains and accumulations of filth, rather than un- dertake the removal of any of tho vitiating influences 'With which they are surrounded. Hence it is that the rate of mortality and the amount of sickness, even in a healthy climate such as we have in Tasmania, are much larger than they ought to be if a' proper sanitary system were maintained. It might be supposed that on this subject we are rather inolined to the pessimist's view ; but this is not the case. It will be admitted that there are many grounds of complaint as to the criminal neglect of hygienic laws'in Hobart Town and other parts of the Colony, and it ia our duty sometimes to revert to the subject in the hope that by degrees Borne improvement will be made. We do not wish by this to let it bo inferred that the presence of noxious influences in our midst, and the re- markable heedlessness of many persons with regard to the causeB of ill-health, are matters which are not constantly being condemned ; on the contrary, the readers of this journal must be aware that not only have wo frequently written upon these point«, but that the Health Officer for eba «ty and aubasbs never lea*» an opportunity of showing in its most telling light how dangerous to the general health of tho com- munity are the bad drains, the impure air and water, and other similar things which, he meets with in his daily perambulations. Turn to the report which was laid on the table of the City Council on Monday, and what do we find Dr. HALL saying :-" It is high time that legislative action should bo sought to enforce proper sani- tary arrangements in all buildings about to be erected, and to amend tho defects in those heretofore constructed" ; and as a complete endorsement of this representation, it will bo noticed that ho reports the death in the Hospital of two young' women of typhoid fever, " which he could distinctly traco to have originated in the defective construction of the water-closets and sewers of the dwelling in which the first girl was a domestic servant." The most disgrace- ful and alarming fact of all is unquestionably tlie condition of the Hospital itself. Some im- provement is now to bo effected, but the fact of an institution appropriated for the reception of the Bick having drains and sewers in a gross state of foulness, having water tanks in a dis- gusting condition, and with disgracefully defec- tive provision for the disinfection,deodorization, and removal of offensive matter, is the strongest possible commentary on its management in times past, and would afford ample scope for the pen of the satirist were it not that it is to be feared many persons have lost their lives through these causes It is too much to expect that private houses should be models of sanitary perfection when the principal Hospital of the Colony has been surrounded by the moat uncongenial and deleterious seeds of disease. Rather than allow such a condition of things to remain, jeopardising the lives of patients and attendants, it would be better to raze the building, and erect a structure on entirely different principles, with all the latest improvements in hospital construction. Batching and repairing are very expensive ; and it is a question whether the wisest course would not be to undertake the improvements on a scale which) though necessitating a large outlay, would ensure perfect freedom from tho effect of the main causes of zymotic diseases. The Statistician,in the report for 1876 issued a few days ago, makes some very sensible observa- tions on the subject we are discussing. After giving some figures relating to the births and deaths lost year, he introduces his remarks with an axiom, which ought to be well remembered, to the effect that " the health of the people, physical and moral, ought to be'one of the first considerations in every well-regulated State ; " after which he proceeds to analyse the figures he has summarised from the vital statistics. ? He shows that zymotic diseases were leBs prevalent last year than in 1875 ; for instance, in 1875 there were 129, deaths from measles, while there was only one in 1876 ; but then again there were moredeaths from soarlatina, diphtheria, and typhus, typhoid, infantile, etc., fever, so that the impruveincnt was comparatively slight-so Blight, in fact, that the Statistician is prompted to declare that .< diphtheria and other diseases produoed by accumulated filth and bad drainage arc increasing in various parts of the Colony to au extent that ought to arouse, if anything could, the public from its apathy." " It is a disgrace," he goes on to say in pardon- ably strong language, " to the vaunted civiliza- tion of the nineteenth century th,.it ¿he causes of these terrible maladies ahould not be removed. The remedies, or rather precautions, are effec- tual drainage, pure -water and air, and the prompt removal of night-soil, -which ought to be applied to its proper purpose-the fertilisation of the earth." Bu.t he goes,further,' and con- tends that tho nogleot of 'sanitary measures Is a heinous offenco, meriting the severest punish- ment. " So little do people generally know of the laws which concern their health, and so careless aro they of it, that nothing less than the most stringent measures will make them take the necessary precautions. Every day, lives aro sacrificed vyhtoh, under a rational sanitary systom, might be preserved. A »ingle riinrder will cause tho most intense excitement in the public mind, but a wholesale destruction of life through discaso engendered by morbific matter suffered to remain and poison air and water, is looked upon almost with uncon- j eera, or else profanoly styled ' the visitation of GOD.' If we viewed the question in its true light, wo should pionouuoô a verdict of suicide or manslaughter against the individual who thus poisons himself or others, and against society which, in spite of our present enlarged knowledge of sanitary science, does nut make proper regulations for the preservation of the people's health." The fapts of real life tell us that such language is not one whit too strong. Hobart Town itself affords numerous illustra- tions of tho criminal neglect hero so sternly reprobated. The facilities for catrying oft' tho sewage are of the most primitivo and incomplete character ; stagnant matter is allowed to accumulate until it exhales the most pestiferous malaria ; people live in hovels which are scarcely fit for pig-styes, and repel admonition about their unwholesome style of living as an interference with that freedom which we are too fond of hearing is the birthright of every Briton, but which is taken advantage of sometimes to an injurious extent. Under these circumstances, the Government and the civic authorities have a sacred duty to perform ; they aro bound to see that the recommendations of the Health Officer receive due attention, and to adopt such measures as will ensure the speedy romoval of everything which ia injurious to health. The idea, for ii tia ice, of permitting* patients suffering from contagious diseases, to bo conveyed to the Hospital in public vehicles ! " A surer or more effectual method of spreading theso diseases, " as the Chairman of tho Hospital Board has pointed oijt, " could hardly bo imagined ; " yet it is a fact that this practico lias been brought under the notice of the Council on more than ono previous occasion without any step being taken to interdict it. Surely it does not require much consideration on the part of the Health Committee to come to the conclusion that the sooner the practice is stopped the better, and that if there is no law to prevent it, one should bo passed at the earliest possible moment. " Who would not give a trifle to pre- vent what he would give a thousand worlds to cure ?" When the mortality from contagious diseases has grown to an alarming height, then, perhaps, the gravity of this subjoct will be properly appreciated, ' THE REPRESENTATION OF TUB MFBSEV.- The resignation of the Hun. W. K. Hawkes has been placed in the hands of His Excellency. The hon. the Colonial Secretar)' is a candidate for the dis- trict, and his address appears in onr special column. NORFOLK PLAINS ELECTION.-Mr. ex-Attorney General Bromby is again representative of Norfolk Plains in the House of Assembly, and the result will astonish no one who hal noticed how Ministers played into tile hands of that gentleman. Though quite aware that Mr, Gibson and a number of his friends had to be in MelboUrno yesterday, Minis- ters, for bomu mysterious reason, unduly postponed the election till a day on which many of Mr, Gib- son's friends could neither vote nor exercise their influence. Yet, notwithstanding these drawbacks, Mr. Gibson only pollod four less than in June, showing ho must havo'had an accession of outside strength, while Mr. Bromby did not poll a single vote more. Such bungling on the part of Ministers is disheartening to all who expected with new men a uioru careful muiMgeiiji'iit of business. On public ërounds we ought not perhaps to be gorry that _ Mr. ¡rainby is in Parliament. Incapacity and laziness made him a most objectionable Minister, and we can scarcely imagino auy possible mixing and f uaiou of parties that would call him again to office. But in Opposition and with other people's ideas to work on, he may bo useful. But to be tlfis, he mnst bo a little lees original, less given to- manufacture facts to suits his argument ; for unfortunately for himself his imitation of Baron Muiichaupen has hitherto been too close to hied auy weight to his unauthenticated facts. Could he tone down bis imagination, could he eveu "keep probability in view,"his presence in Parliament wul not be the unmixed ovil his having a seat in the Cabinet was. ENTERTAINMENT AT KINGSTON.-An entertain, nient will bo given this evening at the Retreat Assembly Room, Kingston, in aid of the fund for rebuilding St Clement's I'arsoaafe. Doors are announced to be opened at 7.1ft. ...>." - '. I AT IT AOAIN.-The fertility of imaginatou in the telegraphic correspondents of the Northern papers knows no bounds. Among the telegrams in yester- day's Examiner is the following :-" It is rumoured that the new Colonial Secretary, Mr. Moore, will be nominated for the vacancy in the representation of South Esk in the Legislative Council caused by the death of the Hon. J. 11. Scott." Had any of our readors previously heard of such a rumour ? We have heard of several, but certainly not of this one, and wo think we may safely say that no such idea has suggested itself either to Mr. Moore or his friends, political or private Tun REPRESENTATION OF SOUTH ESK.-Wo un- derstand that anticipating Mr. Gibson's defeat at Norfolk Plains, in hiB necessary absence from the colony, there has been manifested a desire on the part of some leading gentlemen of South Esk to secure Mr. Gibson's services as representativo of that constituency in the Legislative Council. His return may be considered a dead certainty " against all comers." THE WAK.-The news to-day is favourable to the Turks. According to the report of the Turkish commander, a brilliant victory was gained over the Russians on the heights of Keziltep after severe fighting. The Russian loss is estimated at 4,000, but this number is certain to be reduced when we receive the account from the other side. Colonel Wellesley has furnished a report denying the Rus sial cruelties, thus confirming a statement made a few days ago that the accounts of these alleged cruel- ties were fabrications on the part of the Turks. This places the atrocities of the Turks in a worse light, if that be possible, than before ; for it was surmised that, in the heat of passion, they had followed the example set them by their invaders. The latter portion of the telegram we published yesterday is explained to-day. It was Btated that Sulieman Pasha had captured a Pass, but which one we were at a loss to discover. Now, however, it appears that Shipka Pass waa referred to, only that its capture is unconfirmed. It is not likely that the Russians will be easily dislodged from this posi- tion, for they have hitherto repulsed the attacks of the Turks, and are in a good condition to maintain themselves there for some time. SUPREME COURT.-Yesterday was the first day of third term, and their Honors the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Dobson sat in Banco. Judg- ment was delivered in the Equity Suit of Dobson (administrator) v. Brown (executor), which will be found fully reported elsewhere. On the mo- tion of the Attorney-General the Court made absolute cortnin rules nisi declaring void a num- ber of mineral sections held by T. C. Smart, Isaac Wright,' William S. Hammond, and William Ferguson, no appearance having boen entered on the part of the defendants, Tho Attorney-General then moved, in pursuance of the 71st section of the Equity Procedure Act, that Thomas Frodsham be appointed special guardian of Thomas William Butcher, an infant, for the pur- pose of concurring in a special case as to the con- struction of the will of Thomas Earle, in which the said infant is interested. The Court granted the motion. The remaining business consisted simply of applications for orders as to the days of hearing the divorce suit Osborne v. Osborne and Teyg, anil the Presbytery case Gellie v. Budge, both of which were fixed for Tuesday next. The Court then adjourned, . TASMANIAN COURSING CLBUB.-A meeting of the above club was held at the Ship Hotel last even- ing. Mr. J. A. Gunn, M.H.A., in the chair. After the minutes of the previous meeting had been read and confirmed, the Secretary, Mr. W. G. Weaver, read a number of letters which ho had re- ceived from various gentlemen,., some agreeing, and Home declining, to become members of the club. Atnong the number of - communications was one frp,m Lieut.-Cqkrac} St. Hill, desiring to bo en- rolled as a member q£ tho olub ; and one from the Secretary of the Victorian Coursing Club, enclo- sing a copy of the rule» of that club, and oppressing the hope that before long^they would have some of the members of the new Tasmanian Club paying Victoria a visit. A code of rules, adapted from those of the Victorian and Ballarat Clubs, was then read by the Chairman, after which the meeting ad- journed for a fortnight, when the consideration of the rules, election of committee and officers, etc., will take place. FAREWELL MEKTINO TO THE REV, WI BRADI.EV. A valedictory toa meeting was given last evenicg in tho Union Chapel .Schoolroom, Bathnrst-Btreet, to the Rev. William Bradley, who for the past month has filled the pulpit of the Union Chapel. There were about one hundred persons present, and the Rov. B. S.' Bird presided. Addresses having refer- ence to the ministrations of tho rev. gentleman during his brief stay in Hobart Town were delivered by the Chairman, Mr. Finlayson, the Rev. W. 0. Robinson, and Mr. Russell, and a tes- timonial, vvhicjt had been nicely engrossed by Mr. Samuel Cato, of the T.S.N. Co.'« office, was pre- sented to Mr. Bradloy. It contains an expression of kindly feelings from the congregation to Mr. Bradley, with a hope that his labours would prove beneficial, and that ho would return home with renewed health. Mr. Bradley, in an appropriate speech, thanked the meeting for the presentation. DAVEY-STREET TENNIS COURT.-At last the final tie for the champion cup has been played off at this fine court. The players were Messrs. Charles Butler and Travers, and as the conditions npon which the cup was offered were that no odds were to be given, the victory was won, as we had anticipated, by Travers, who, under ordinary circumstances, gives 15 to Butler. We had not, therefore, expected to see the match turn out so hard a fight, Butler winning four games out of the first set, and gaining the third set in spite of all his antagonist could do, but he began to tire here, and lost the next, and last set love. Travers played a steady, though by no means brilliant game, and had Mr. Weld- BIundell been here, we should have made him our favourite. The cup will now be held by Mr. Travers, subject to the challenge of any permanent resident in the colony, and if held for three years will become his property. NEW COAL DISCOVERY.-A quantity of coal was brought to The Mercury Office yesterday, which we were informell was taken from a seam recently dis- covered by Mr. Torpehoy, of the Snug River, at a spot distant about 2J miles from Gardener's Bay, and between Garden Island and Port Oygnot. Mr. B. Rushforth, late engineer and manager of the Port Arthur coal mines, has been over the ground, and reports having suuk a teinporary shaft 30 ft. below the outcrop of the coal. At 23 ft. he found a seam of 3 ft. 1 in., and upon driving into the hill the seam increased so much in thickness that Mr. Rushforth has not the slightest doubt but that it will turn out from 4 ft. to 4 ft. G in. when properly proved. He also speaks highly of its quality for domestic purposes, aud from a sample which we have ourselves tested, we can say. that it throws out a good heat, burns brightly and _ cleanly, and is entirely free from that crackling noise which dis- tinguishes seine qf our Tasmani.in coa)?. A meet- ing of persons interested in the discovery is to be held at noon to-day at Mr. Toby's Office in Eliza. beth-streot. A SHIP NEWSPAPER.-A copy of the Kent Chronicle, a newspaper issued on board the S.B. Kent nu her last voyage from Plymouth to Mel- bourne, has been sent to us. It has some local interest from the fact that amongst the saloon Îiasscngors were Lieut-Colonel and Mrs. St. Hill and amity, and Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Neck and family, all of whom have taken up their residence in Hobart Town. Mr. Neck was the editor, and Lieut-Colonel St. Hill was not only one of the committee of management (another member being Mr. H. P. Wolch, one of the representatives of Tasmania at the Philadelphia Exhibition), l«it was also a contributor of a ghost story, which, no doubt, was read w itli intense interest. The editor did "theuuolhciallng" business, in which he display» some quiet humor, and now and thon indulges iu a jtu-iVe#¡iril which would not d9 discredit to a publication ut greater preten- sions.* Tlie contents generally are of a very diver- sified chaiacter._ There are jottings, by ,the way, conundrums, the captaii)'« report, the latest war news (obtained, of course, by thp very common system of telegraphy, a fertile imagination), original poetry, and talos ami sketches of various kinds, all very pleasantly written.. The passengers evi- dently passed a very agroeable time on board, for we notice that there was a cricket club, one of the rules of which affirmed that, " through the confined small area of tho cricket ground, Italia aro frequently lost ; this, with proper caution, may be avoided ; for all balls so lost a fine of 4d. will be inflicted." Wo cannot find tho reports of any mato'ies ; but wo havo rio doubt that some cxcitiugconiests took place, provided the shfp was steady enough to enable tho players to keep or> their legs. Towards the close of the voyage there were sotno athletic sports, which " were favoured with magnificent weather, " and at which ' 'the attendance was numer- ous and aristocratic," and also a musical entertain- ment, respecting which it is s.iid that " St. Cecilia must havo been gratified by her devotees," for " they provided for her scienou, sentiment, humour, and pathos." What more could havo been ex- pected ? The Chronicle was printed in Melbourne, and it must form a delightful réminiscence of a few wooka' pleasant " life on the ocean wave." TASMANIAN AGRICULTURAL AND PASTORAL ASSO- CIATION.-We have to acknowledge thp receipt of a copy of tho schedule of prizes to 1« awarded at the forthcoming parade of horses and sheep exhibition, to be held in the yards of the above associa- tion at'Launceston on Wednesday, September 12th. The prize« amount to upwards of £00 ; and we notice that Saturday, the 8th proximo, is fixed as tlie day upon which the entry list will close. In- tending exhibitors wishing to see the schedule may do so by applying to the hon. secretary of the Southern Tasmanian Agricultural Society (Mr. C. E. Davies), at Th Mercury office. CABMEN AND THE POLICE.-The manner in which cabmen congregate on the footpaths, ùiBteod of, as required by law, being in charge of their vehicles on the stand, ia a frequent matter of complaint. It is not too much to expect that policemen, when passing, would clear the footpath of these men, and perhaps if they did, the nuisance would not be so fwt as it at présent is. Yosterday eveutug, about o'clock, one of our staff, while passing along Elizabeth-street, observed a cabman louugjug in Chancellor's doorway and another standing in tho centro of the footpath. Their vehicles wera loft unattended iu tho centre of the road, and yet a "civic ornament," who was passing at the time, walked on, apparently oUiviovs of everything, eave jarcheuce, "«mid «rittlta.'' PROPOSED SERVANTS HOME.-A sale of work in aid of the establishment of a Servants' Home will be hold in the Alliance Rooms to-day. The object is worthy of goneral support, and we hope, there- fore, the sale will attract a large attendance, and result in a substantial addition to the funds. AMATEUR PERFORMANCE. - This evening the G.V. Brooke Club will perform Richelieu at the Theatre Royal for the benefit of Mr. M'Court. The rôle of the famous Cardinal will be sustained by Mr. W. Patterson, who, we believe, has played the character before. For the sake of the beneficiare, we trust to see the house well-filled. TUB GOAT NUISANCE.-Complaint« are frequently made that owners of goats allow their animals to roam about the streets, and that flower gardens suffer in consequcnco, a week's labour being sometimes de- stroyed in a few hours by these destructive animals. In Adelaide-street, we aro informed that several residents are subjected to anuoyaaco by goats, owned by a neighbour, and it would perhaps he as. well if the City Inspector paid this locality a visit. TEMPERANCE ALLIANCE ROOMS.-An entertain- ment, consisting of vocal and instrumental music, and readings, will be given in the above rooms to-morrow (Thursday) evening, commencing at half-past 7 o'clock. GOLD MININO NEWS.-The shareholders of the Empress Gold Mining Company have received the following report from their manager, Mr. Spots- wood:-"Gentlemen, On proceeding to the Deni- son I set the contractors to work further crosscutting the reef, and succeeded in cutting it in four places I more. The place fixed upon is, in my opinion, the best, as it is situated close to where we got the specimens and in the rubble on the hanging wall I of the reef ; at the depth of two feet we got a first class show of coane reef gold. The reef at this poiut is about l8 inches in width, and underlying mirth, which is uphill. The underlay is about two inches in every foot. Tho tools have arrived, and the contractors commenced the shaft on Saturday afternoon, the 25th inst." GUN ACCIDENT.-A boy named Hamilton, son of Mr. Hamilton, River Isis, hod, it appears, loaded a gun to go shooting, after doing which he rested tho muzzle on his right foot. By some means it went off, and caused great decortication and fracture of dorsal bones of the foot. John Gatenby, Esq., and Mr, Fletcher, residing at View Point, brought the boy in their carriage to the Campbell Town Hospital, where they arrived about S o'clock on Sunday night. Dr. Stokell being in I formed of the accident attended immediately. The i boy passed a quiet night, considering the severe wound. . Til E PRINCE OF WALES VISIT TO AUSTRALIA.-The Lahore Cinil and Military Gazette makes the state- ment that-" The Prince of Wales' Australian tour is definitely fixod for 1878. H. R. H. will leave England in the September of that year, accompanied by the princess, and after visiting Australia and Now Zealand, will return by way of the United States. It is well known that this was a pet scheme of the late Prince Consort who was exceedingly anxious that the heir to the crown of Great Britain should personally visit all his dominions before his accession to the throne It is probable that the Prinoe will find this tour a more agreeable and en- joyable one than his Indian tour, which is said to have bored him, so irksome was the restraint upon 1 his movements, and the consciousness of being ex- pected to pose perpetually os a model Christian ruler, an idealised impersonation of every English virtue." THE DAVENPORTS.-The Melbourne correspon- dent of the Maryborough Advertiser says :-" I observe that, notwithstanding the death of one of the Davenport brothers, tho surviving one is still carrying on the old performances. In company with PmitHsor K.iy he is now in Queensland per- forming in tho rural towns. Although one of the brothers has died, the advertisements still speak of the "Davenports," as though both were perform- ing instead of only one. The performances, judging by the advertisements, are carried on the same now as before the death of Mr. W. Davenport, though it would be supposed that as he took so important a part in the proceedings it would be a difficult matter to carry out the tricks now without him, or a substitute for him." lu Hobart Town Professor Fay, it will be remembered, acted in the place of one of the brothers, who was then ill. Tun MOLLY MAOIIRK MURDERERS.-The Ameri- can papers give details of the execution of 11 Irish- men, convicted of murders arising out of Molly Maguire organisation in the coal district of America. They were all executed on the 21st of June. Six, whose names wore Carroll, McQehan, Doyal, Koarity, Duffy, and Manley, were exoeuted at Pottsville Gaol. Thoy addressed those assembled at thr gallows, protesting their innocence. The culprits were Roman Catholics, and were attended''by priests. They carried crucifixes on their way to the scaffold. It was feared a rescue would haye been attempted, but ample precautions had been taken against such an emergency. The othor executions were held at Mauoh Chunk, Carbon County, and at Wilkesbarre ; four, named Campbell, Doyle, Kelly, and Donoidiue, were hanged at the former place. Apprehensions of a disturbance and a rescue were also felt here. Files of soldiers were drawn up in front of the gaol, and the prison inside was lined with policemen. The four men were hanged together. Each made a short speech, prayiug forgiveness. Mrs. Jones, the mother of the murdered man, re quested permission, to assist in executing the men. As the request was declined,' she turned to her sou, a youth of 17, and exclaimed, ('If my sex is an objection, my son would like to do it." "Aye, that I would," replied the son, " aud would pay for Hie privilege." There was but one execution ¡it Wilkesbarre - that of a man named Andrew Lincham. The " SEA SERPENT. "-The Graphic contains a sketch by Lieutenant W. P Haynes, of Her Majesty's hhip Osborne, of the sea monster seen by the officcis and crew of that vessel off tho north coast of Sicily, on the 2d of June. In a letter ac- companying the sketch ho Bays :-" Mv attention was first called by seeing a long row of tins appear- ing above tho surface of the water at a distance of about '200 yards from the ship, and * away on our beam.' They wore of irregular height«, ami extend- ing about 30ft. or 40ft, iu lino (the former number is the length I gave, the latter the other officers) ; in a few seconds they disappeared, giving place to the fore part of the monster. By this time it had passed astern, swimming in au opposite direction to that we were steering, and us we were passing through the water at lui knote, I could only gut a view ofit, 'end on,'which I have shown iutheskutch. The head was bullet-shaped, and quite 6ft. thick, the neck uarrow, and its head was occasionally thrown back out of the water, remaining therefor a few seconds at a time. ' It was very broad acros the back or. shoulders, aixmt loft, or 20it. and the flappers seemed to have a semi-revolving motion, which seemed to paddle the monster along. They were about 15ft. rq length. Froin the top of of the head to the part of the back where it became immer- sed, I should consider about 50ft., and that seemed about a ¿hird of the whole length. All this part, waa smooth, resembling a seal. I cannot account for tho fins unless they were on the back below whore it was immersed." AI.KX4KDRK Dr.MAs" WORK.-There having been a good deal of democratic talk lately concerning working men as candidates for tho Chambers, the Herne Anerdn(¡i¡ue rominds us that Alexandre Dumas ¡xiv. in ISIS iasuod the following address to the free and independent oledora of the Saine :-"To Work- ing Meu,-I stand as a candidate, and demand your suffrages. These ara my titles : Without counting six years of education, four years at the law, and seven in an office, 1 have worked for twenty years ten hours a day-that is. to say, 73,000 hours During these twenty years I have composed 400 volumes and 35. plays. The 400 volumes, published at 4,000 conies, and soldat f|f. each, or 11,833,OOOf., produced-for the compositors, 2G4,O00f.; for the pressmen, Íi28,000i.; for tho paper makers, 083,C00f" to commissioners, l,000,000f. j to carrier«, 100,0001'.; toreadingrooms,4,.")00,000f.; to artists, US, OOOf. Fix- ing the daily salaiy at 3f,, as there are 300 working days in the year, my hooks have given during twenty years this salary to.692persons. The thirty- five plays each performed 100 times, producod, one with the other, t>,300,OOOf.:-To the directors, 1,2.10,OOOf., to decorators, UlO.OOOf.; to dressmakers, 14!), OOOf.; to proprietors of theatres, 700,OOOf. ; to musicians, 157,000f.; to the hospitals (tax), f)30,000f.; to bill stickers, 80,000f.; to supers, 300,O0Of. ¡ to firemen, 70,000f.; to tailors, óO.OOOf.; etc. My plays have kept 347 for ten years in Paris, and 1,041 persons in the provinces, without counting cabmen, etc. Plays, books, etc., have furnishod work to 2,2(50 persons. » Belgian forgers and foreign translators are not included. Alexandre Dumas." Tho above was written in 1818, and Alexandre Dumas did not dio till 1870, in which year he prepared his book on oooking, which is full of menus, anecdotes, and recipos for the making of dishes from the panther cutlet to the "lapin gaulois" (sic) or Welsh "rabbit." CURB FOR SMALL-POX.-AU alleged cure ivv "mall, pox is given in a st/itemeiit made by Mr. Kdunr.1 Hine in a lecture in London, published in iirivl'n Identity Standard:-"It is one ounce of cream of tartar dissolved in a pint of boiling water and ad- ministered to the patient when cold. Literally, four w>ne glasses are sufficient to effect a curt', but a dozen could ho taken without tho fear of h-trm ; the tomedy proeurds from Mr. Roi«, of Durking. It has boen known to l>e effectual in the cure of 100,000 cases, that the only failure reported was in the case of a lad eight yoara of age, who had hoop- ing cough as well as small-pox, therefore it would be difficult to say which disease waa the fatal one. I know,' receutly in one part of Loudon, some 30 children were laid down vi itli »mall-pox, and when the remedy was received all may bj su id to hive boen well ou the third day. Of "course We do not say that tho marks had all died away lu that time, hut we do say that on tho third day thu patients might eataud drink as if nothing was thu matter." WESTON'B WIZARD OIL AND MAOIO PIUÄ-Tb» sudden changes of température which aro character istio of Australia, and the enervating influence of the iuoressed heat, make this climate oneef peculiar danger to the human »¡/item, HO that Ague, Fever, and dieeaeee resulting from impurities clogging the «drouUtion of the blood can only lie avoided by giving tone to the stomach, and increasing the powers of «jaatisaaafcy a liberal nee of WSSTON'S WUABP Ola *xo «Mia *«?"«. i ., . ****, 