THE WIMMERA. (By Our Travelling Contributor.) No. 4. In my former contribution T omitted, to state anything concerning the proposed line of rail between Stawell and Horsham. That such is a necessity of the' is admitted on all sides, and the only question which is at all disputed in this district on the subject is, what routs the line should take. To follow the main line of road forty miles, though the shortest, would be most absurd. Passing through one of the most sterile countries that can be found, perfectly free from population, and the traffic on which would not pay for the coal, f another route some eight miles further has found favour with some, but mostly in consequence of its furthering private ends at Longerenong. The third route, which, I believe, will be the one adopted, is some twelve miles further, but will take in a first-class agricultural district, perhaps the cream of the Wimmera — namely, Matooa and its neighbourhood. The fact that there has not been much agitation on the subject leads me to imagine that this particular reute has an undoubted and acknowledged superiority over the others, and I am bound to say that, from a i the information which I could glean from intel ligent and (disinterested parties, the Matooa route is the line whereby most persons would be benefited, and the interests of the colony most advanced. How the line will benefit Horsham or injure it, I am not prepared to say. One class I think it will not serve, namely, the hotel keepers, who are, in Horsham, a very superior body, and keep mest comfortable hostelries. If any system could be devised whereby their lnfnrocfo ATknlj? ho it io fKo nnnoonf miserable and backward state of coach travel ling in the district. Travellers have to get to Horsham, and travellers have to nse the con veyances that, by the aid of a good grant from the revenue are compelled to perform the journey at the fearful rate of five miles per hour, eight hours being the contract time be tween Stawell aud Horsham, and the same rapidity of motion being the rale all over the district. When the unfortunate and way-worn pilgrim arrives at Horsham, after an eight-hours' crawl, he is not much inclined, if he were physically able, to do any work that day ; if he is the possessor of a liver, it is in snch a glorious'state of work that he has plenty Lo think of ; if the road is wet, he is in such a bespattered condi tion that it is a question which is his or which is his native earth ; if the roads are dusty, he can well pass for a sweep, and as the wheels of the conveyances are so framed as to pitch a constant shower of mud in the windows, it is a question in wet weather whether it is better to chance a good ducking of clean rain water on the eutside.'or a mud bath combined with asphyxia in. Of course no one can blame the contractors ; they are canny men, and merely take advantage of a kind and paternal Government, who are liberal enough to provide a good subsidy on favourable terms. It was said to me over and over again that the roads were so bad that no better pace can be done. My reply was that in South Australia the roads were much worse; that Mr. Todd, the Postmaster-General there, insisted on seven miles an hour, over, if not the worsts certainly as bad a road as any in the colonies, namely, from Lacepede Bay to Narracoorte ; but then it inust be remembered that the Postmaster- General in Adelaide is not a member of the Government, and does not care one jot what party is in or what party is oat. No back- stairs influence can be used with Mr. Todd, aud no Government dare interfere with his actions. I have travelled, both by day and night, over worse roads than those in the Wimmera, but never at the same wretched pace ; but what can you expect when stages are twenty-four rules and eighteen miles in length, and when the cart-horses that draw the coaches cannot make up time when they chance upon a bit of what I caUJgalloping ground. The whole of the contracts being let inalump by the Government, creates, what is always an evil, namely, a pant monopoly; and as «he company are romptete masters of the situation, the puWic suffer. As this state of things wSi J8 comt)leted, it naturally arrivP fri su at Hoeham, transact their business, go ah iheir business, and leave others time to do thi> WHg.. t-ta ot thing, which, SSf and others, wwt- certainly do the hutiilk (wiur ts goN. remaps the tnoreaieg - neebr g( those who will travel, when be penal labour, will make ut» f»»r the " pri«ent enforced stiv of throe '>« artu Bt fore leaving the subject, I most bear testi mony to the civility, care, and exertions of top drivers; that they remain sane with the an no tony of one continued effort to keep hoi sin j a slow jog is a sign of wonderful strength ef is- tellect, and requires an hhswhiftjiy. Having to visit Dimbocfta, I was NsHrilrin.. face gg: . : misbkbe very pleasant to read of, bat required " a stiff nobbier of Beaumont's beet (and he keeps it good) to cover ten miles in two heart. The driver, a most genial fellow, was of tbesamn opinion, and knowing that my future and ultimate sanity depended much on hit ex- ertfens, I was amazingly friendly, determined, as 1 always do, to shout for ooachee at all ap. pro&chabie; places. My liberal intentions were not much toysd on this occasion, as only onepub. is to be found in the weary drive between Horsham and Dim- boola, and to reach that ten miles have to be traversed. These ten miles afford another dim example of the ill-effects of land legislation, mile after mile of splendid land, soti sfawg enough to grow any crop, all passed away from the Crown, and all need for sheep feeding. Much of this land, as the driver informed me, was taken np under the Duffy Act, and houses oo wheels, somewhat resembling, I suppose, the ooaches I have described, were used to personate habitable dwellings and obtain freehold posses sion of valuable land. Quite tired of looking the Walmer run, I arrived at Pimpinio, name of township, familiar to me as being the focus is quo of the tea-fight where the member for the \Yimmera was recruiting his health whea his constituents (unreasonable men) thought he should have been in the House earning his £300 a year. Having refreshed both self and driver with something stiff, and the horses having had a feed of water, the weary drive between Pimpinio and Dimbooia commenced. Some good settlement with flourishing crops is to be seen fora few miles, and then the country suddenly changes into a desert ; a few miserable- looking sheep ooonpy it. If good sheep was there, he would want forty, eight hoars instead of twenty-four to get a day's food. A rabbit that crossed our path seemed to get along, and that was all the life visible for some ten miles, when we suddenly came upon the station dwelling, close on the banks of the Wimmera, and testimony by its outhouses, garden, paddocks, and aiti- ricial means of raising water from the Winterers, that much money had been laid out ; but that was when it was held that the Wimmera would not grow wneat, and when the word selection was unkaown. The weariest day having an end, the sight of D:monola was awfully jolly, and I found rest ami comfort at the hotel kept by Mr. Pavier. The township is well laid out, within 400 yards of the Wimmera, which is at this point a river of fair siz", affording permanent and good water to the inhabitants and their flecks. There a.- four hotels in the township, and some good stores ; a flour-mill, which is at I rteent. idle, but will doubtless have plenty to do from the extended area of wheat that is now produced within close proximity to it; a neat mechanics' institute, shire council build ings, police barracks, and a well-kept State school. The cultivation commences within one mile of Dimbooia, and exrenda, with intermit tent belts of bad country, some thirty or forty miles. From all reports I found that a good harvest was expected, and though rain would have been acceptable, hopes were high. Since visiting the locality, the rain has fallen, and as the ground is well covered and the crops strong, I see nothing to prevent the sanguine hopes beuui fulfilled. As my experience of a State school si Natimnk was of a kind very unfavour able to the in which the Govern ment grant was used, I paid a visit of inspection to the school at Dimbooia, and after a most careful examination of the most essential requisites of a school, mid having had every information and kind assist ance given by the teacher, I could only arrive at ;one conclusion, namely, that there was a useful work being carried on, that the country's funds were well spent, and that the people in and near the school were lucky in finding an energetic and competent master. There was a good attendance, but not what ought to have been, and I believe that in this spot the visit of a truant inspector is much needed. If I am correct, this officer lives at Ararat, and his visits must be angelic ; up to thw he has not, according to my information, paid Dimbooia a visit. I was much s track with the efficient manner in which the mrster examined his evidently having studied the great end of imparting knowledge — getting the brain, and not merely the tongue, to work. There is a mail evmy second day to Dimbooia, and an effort is being made to get a daily one. I should judge, from the size of the _ bag, that it was necessary, it being quite a giant compared with other poet- office bags, which seemed to contain a poetel card, and perhaps a newspaper. They mast be cheerful people in the town ship, as I read a programme of a concert in aid of the cemetery. I went over my repertoire of vocal music, and came to the conclusion that it (the concert) would be opened wkh " The Dead March in "Saul," and end with "Dawn amongst the dead men. " To enliven the proceedings and keep up con- nection between cemeteries and ghosts, toe witches in Macbeth would appear. As I row the little city, it seemed dean healthy ; in fact, the doctor has now too easy a WM> alto gether, though when he first went there diph theria was very prevalent, and so bad that as was obtained direct and with despatch Am Melbourne. I suppose he fiiglihmi aioknm s away, and his only chance now seems to be this cemetery concert. There is, of oouroe, a police ftm»p and its ao cessories, and if anyone at Dimbooia waste a long drive end free quarters, he fern ealy to commit some trivial offenoe, for fourteen days' imprisonment is the punishment end to gete a trip to Ararat— only sixty-four miles ; and as the rale is that he meat ' travel by private traps, the cost to the countty for about right days' imprisonment is ahont £7. Three times daring my sojourn hi Horsham# was found necessary to charter a hum and pair to convey gmaonero to Ararat HEnham is, I should think, quite lane enough to hav# a place ani table for -flinrt filmma — Tto to a gpod dsal tofodtto tol fol \- "v, — -1 Hmtt tilwsyr a lew pounds he»-c »r tin - re to the Government V In foot, we et so. Accustomed to see waste of public money on alargescale, that it eeems absurd to take notice of trill®. I believe that the taettibera for the Wimmera could doWozfcethanirad out bow , much the private conveyance of prisoners ; for small offences costs in the year. A fair amount of excitement was existing as to the effect of the debate on Sir JohnO'Shanassy's action, in re the education grant, and though I believe many of the Catholic party would wish, and naturally, that a denominational system should to stime extent be tried, I found that nearly the uni versal feeling was against any alteration of the system. I had the opportunity of a long conver sation with a strenuous upholder of bis faith (the Catholic). His opinion, and it is worth a good deal on this subject, is deoidedly against allowing the State to mix itself up with the religious question. He is a corresponding member of the board, is one of tbe lead ing citizens in Horsham, and speaks his mind most freely and openly on the question, lie gave me much information, and reliable, upon this and other subjects connected with the district ; being an educated man, his opinion from a Catholic point of view is worth having. X omitted to mention, amongst smaller matters, the strange anomaly that bread is dearer at Horsham than in Melbourne. The fact Sat me in mind that mackerel are often earer in Plymouth, where they are caught, than in London. I should imagine, from the dearness of the staff of life at Horsham and its quality, about wlichl can not say much in praise, that there is a good opening for a sober baker. I saw more than one of the trade who certainly were not Rechabites. Talking of the above- mentioned society, I heard some stories, . and saw one instance which convinced me that the system ef total abstinence with vows and pledges does not always ensure the desired effect. On Sunday, the 13th, being a bona fide traveller, I sought to convert some Horsham dust into mud, and entering an hotel for the purpose, found a leading Rechabite in a merry state, I suppose, instead of the small quantity of dust which I had to get rid of, he had a peck or so, hut somehow the attempt to make mud muddled him, and his contempt for his sober brethren was sublime in the extreme. The journey back to Horsham was productive of no incident worth recording, and was tire some from its duration, and from the anticipa tion of a doable dose of the same kind of bone «ha.lrinpr to be endured next day to Stawell. Business compelling me to return to Mel bourne, I was unable to visit some very thriving localities ; but from all I saw, and all 1 oould gather, the Wimmera district bids fair to be the granary of Victoria. The settlement is a solid and abiding one. The selectors are an industrious and superior class, not migratory, as so many have turned out in both this and the neighbouring colonies. True, the present moment is rather a trying time, as, owing to the misguided attempt of the Com missioner of Lands about mortgages, a great difficulty was experienced by many ; but I am convinced that their worst is over, and that with a good harvest, which may be reasonably expected, an era ef prosperity awaits the Wim mera district. The squatters are on the most kindly terms with the selectors, though some of their best land gone ; and in more than one instance I heard the squatters remark— " Our mission was to pioneer; and the natural state of things must tend to agriculture, when t is bond fide, taking the place of grazing." Since writing the above I have seen a letter from a friend of the Natimuk schoolmaster. pnn)p|ining of my jstricture on the school at that place. I can assure him that no personal motive caused me to visit the school, and that not one word of what I have written i»n be contradicted. The statement that the schoolmaster is not certificated may be in correct, I do not think so, as my information on that point was derived from one of the mem bers of the board of advice and a friend of the schoolmaster's. My duty was to the public, and for the public good I made my remarks. If they are hurtful, it is not my fault. 