MISCELLANEOUS. Men and Animals. — Do we not, in several important resp ccts, tike a fake and maudlin view of our relations to what we call the domestic animals ? We speak of the debt between us, which really is mutual, as if it were all on one sic e ; we - all them our slaves, our drudges, and delight to sp* ak of man as a tyrant and oppressor. It should be re membered, however, before we disquite ourselv.es too much by phrases of this kind, that our evidence comes only from o] e side It is man mmsi It who is tne sue accuser, and his knowledge of what the animals themselves think is but very imperfect. Could we really asoer ain their feelings, we should probably find that they look up to man with feelings of lively gratitude and reverence, and regard him ii6 a most 1 enelicent deity. He has treated th;m, it is true, much as great geneials have treated the rank and file, s'-nutiir es with consideration, and sometimes with but little. On the whole, however, there can be no hesitation iu saying that his ga'nsjhave be en theirs also. Not only lus the num ber of animals capable of existingenagivea spa e been much increased by the industry and ingenuity of man, but their conditions of life have been much softened. Many of the so called natural checks to the increase of population have ceased to operate, and, to a large extent, our domestic animals are no longer exposed to any material risk from, hutger or severity of weather. Many of them, indeed n o-t, are better protected in these respects than are large portiins of the human family. Nor need we, I feel sure, afflict our conscience with many pangs as to the ' loss o liberty ' which the birds and animals that we have attached to our service have incurred. In the vast majority of instance.- such fancied loss is not felt in the least. So rapidly do mcst animals accommodate their tastes and feel ings to changed circumstances, that a few months of cap tivity, if taken young, will in most instances suffice to ei acicatc the longing for old pursuits, and to substitute an other class of tastes. A parrot caught young, and carefully tended in acage, will decline its freedom, and if put loose in an apple-liee on a summer morning will soon steal back into its prison. The apparent monotony of its life, as me9fured by human feelings, is not felt as such by it, and provided it be well supplied with food and water, pity for its lot is more than wasted. It is the same in alt probability with canaries, doves, rabbits, guinea-pigs, and most of our household pete ; their nature has either in one or many generations received such modifications that they no longer regard their associations with man as other than an honour and a gain.— Jonathan Hutchinson, iu the Fortnightly 1 eoliw. Skeftomania. — There seem to be a class of people, com- ? posed chielly of the young, who esteem it a fine thing to be a sceptic, a still finer thing to be an atheist, and a glorious thing, because indicating so serene a loftiness of wisdom, so unf etteri d an exercise of thought, to inform other people that their religion is a superstitious mummery. Silver haired grandparents, tottering upon the brink of the grave, are favoured with this information with peculiar uuction, derived probably from a reflection upon the superiority of knowledge gained in a work over the experience of a life time. This spirit obtains amongst the partially educated, whose fortune it has been to attend the lectures of the ' physical philosophers,' the ' great thinkers,' the ' leaders of the glorious march of the human intellect,' the ' golden c- smopolitan age,' and so forth ; and who have there imbibed a diluted mixture of utilit trianism, atheism, and sundry other ' isms.' Our readers surely know whom we mean ?* Like all other classes, they have their character istics ; we speak of those people who go about with books under their arm, with knitted brows, and with ineffable wisdom written upon their faces, shining in their selfcom placent eyes, revealing itself in their supercilious noses, and lurking about their intolerant lips. These people would be harmless enough if everybody were possessed of discrimi nation. But history and experience both teach us that dupts are never wanting ; end these devotees to the new ideas make much mischief by disseminating them. Those primarily who set these ideas afloat would do well to see the distorted shape in which they reach the multitude ; how the enthusiasm of their injudicious followers leads them to make proselytes by addressing the selfish and the base side of our nature ; that is, by telling their neighbours there is no God, therefore no cause for religion, and that everybody should be able to do as they like, provided they don't hurt anybody else. Obviously there are many who are eager to avail themselves of such a creed, under the sanction of which they may give rein to desires not countenanced by the law and religion of the land. Who has not had occasion to notice the eager but misgiving haste with which the idea of responsibility to a hereafter is by wretches cast away ? No higher tribunal than that of man : be very cunning, avoid that, and you are safe ! The notion of liberty and free-will set afloat by Mill we think is especially dangerous. Liberty, with us Englishmen, is a weel-loved word, a word all-potent with the vulgar : and under it an insidious attack'is directed against the Christian religion, as making the will of man subservient to that of God. We cannot help admiring the ingenuity of this attack ; and the idea that we should do as we please is very taking. But we submit that the condition that our actions must harm nobody else would be exceedingly liable to be overlooked. If a man, in the name of liberty and free-will, _ wanted to get drunk, and you attempted to show him that if he did so he would impair his constitution, and thus injure the wel fare of any children he might have afterwards, you would find him very hard to convince; he would probably tell yon, with a hiccup, that it is necessary to the development of man's faculties that he should have perfect liberty and freedom of will. — Colburn's Few Monthly Magazine. Sicilian Folk Lore. — Here is a story which, as far as I know, is Sicilian, and Sicilian only : A traveller paid his bill at an inn, and found oat, after he had got some distance on his road, that he had not been charged for a couple of hard- boiled eggs. He was a very honest man ; but. he had pressing business. So, instead of going back to pay then 8nd there, he waited till he came his rounds again. This was sot till ten years after. No wonder, therefore, when be asked the innkeeper, '? Do you know me i' the man said. 'Net I indeed.' 'W-11,' replied the traveler, ' ien years ago 1 ate two bard- boihd ogfis in your house without payng for them. You. didn't put them down ia the hill ; end I v as in a desperate vurry, and couldn't come ba 'k when I found it out. B-l tegs Lave prospered with me since then; and I reckon that if I give you fifty ounces (say twel e shillings) tbat « ill fairly represent what the prii e of the eggs ha6 gaimd in my hands.' Buttheland j lord wa« a scr.inp. and thought he had a consc entious 'ol j todralwith: to he said, ' I if ty ounces, indeed ! I must trouble you for a deal more than that. It's just the want | of those- rggsth.a his hindered me lrom making my fortune.' 'H«w so ?*' V\ by they would have turned to bens, and tLe hens would have* given me chickens- a whole poult y vard full. 'Weil, uith the poultry-yard I should have bought some sheep, and by now I should be quite a big flrck-niastrr.' But the traveller couldn t see things that way .; to the innkeeper put him into court, and the judges pronounced against him. He appealed; but there didn't seem much chan- e of hie being any better off, when a lui- fiess larrister, much out-at-elbows, touched him on the shouker and said,' Leave it to me, andl'llgetyouiiirhted.' ' Why, I've had tho best lawyers in Palermo,' replied the tiavelJer; ' how can you expect to do what they failed in r' I 'Try me,' said the other; and he was so urgent that the | traveller said 'Yes,' just to get rid of him. The case j was called, and (he innkeeper's counsel had made a gr -nd I speech, when there was a noise outside, and in ra-hed ' Mr. Briefless, flinging his aims wildly about, and looking j like one who had seen a ghost. ' Help !' cried he, ' help in the name of all the saints! What shall we do 'i All the big tunnies of Aranella are marching up to Palermo to eit us up, brnes and all.' 'Why, you madman,' cried one of the judges, 'whoever sawfish walking on dryland;-' ' And who, your excellency,' replied Briefless, ' ever heard of l ard-boiled eggs turning into chickens r' So the innkeeper lost even his fifty ounces, and had to pay costs into the bargain.— All the Year Round. New Weafons oi^Wau. — A series of trials «.f the Hoi chkiss revolving cannon we e re eatly begun t Sartey Eook under U. S. army auspices. Seventy shits were fiied at four targets, the nearest of which was placed at 2000 yards dbtr.nce. The ehi lis burst between the first and 6tcond targets, hitting the feeur screens 20(- times. A 1 new magazine hi eech-lo3ding rifle was also tested, and a j fring sjeed of six shots in six seconds was a'.taiavd. The I canm n trials ar j scon to be resumrd, when the capabilities of ihe gun will he ] ut to the severest tests. The inventor, Mr. B. B. Hotchkiss, claims that the wetpon has as eifee- ] live range of 6000 yards. — Scientific American^ October 14. j 