[?] Miss Thompson, ' tte' . young v English artist who painted the 'Roll-Call'' and ' Balaklava,' is about to be married to an officer of the British army. But the. lady does not intend to give up her art. By no means. Sho plans to_ continue her studying and painting just. th^j|jme £s ever. NOT' long ago a seventy-year-ola rarmer applied to the trustees of Bayvigw Asylum, in Baltimore, f or ' a permit to visit that institution for the purpose of choosing a wife. He was a German, speaking English, very imperfectly, .and. his', novel request created some merriment; He appeared perfectly sincere, however, and' said that seven years ago he obtained permission to visit tlie^asyluin for a wife, was assisted by ? the. superintendent . to mako a selection, ' popped the '-question,' was married at once, and'live'd' hStSjIily 'With his wife until her deaths : threefye'a'is^ago; ' Now, having revered:1h8ri'.fli&mory;/a suitable time, he. wante'd'to'itryi'the ;Bayview lottery again. He wasi furnished, with a permit, and went, on his [way jejoicing. ' A'.few hours later he returne'd;to. his home in company with his now wife, : both,-. apparently content and happy.' In England an organisation has been formed under the title of tho 'Sanitary Estates Association,' which proposes to erect towns on the most approved sanitary, principles. Already a site has been selected for the flrlst model town — a ' city of health ' — on tho Sussex coast, within easy reach of Brighton, Arundel, and other towns. Somo of the houses will bo built in flats, with a connecting hotel, from which meals can bo supplied ; and small houses, at low rents, will bring pure air andsea-side relaxation within the reach of many who havo been deprived of suoh luxuries. Ninety acres of ground will be appropriated to public gardens, ample provision will be made for bathing, and a thorough system of drainage adopted. A vigilant super Vision will be exercised over all the sanitary arrangements of tho city, The work-day surroundings of Mr. James Russell Lowollare desoribed as abroad easy chair, standing midway between tho table and the fire-place, which holds blazing logs. In this chair he has done most of his writ ing, his only desk being a stiff piece of pasteboard conveniently resting on his knee. One of the curiosities which Mr. Lowell's study contains i3 a pair of silver sleeve- buttons, now tarnished almost into blaokness, which wore once w-On by Robert Burns. Mr. Lowell is fond of trees and flowers, and often workB among them. He is an angler and a pedestrian,, never riding when he can walk. Ho is in excellent health, and looks manly, robust, and ereot. H may sometimes bo seen in bleak wintry weather walking leisurely through Oam- f bridge thoroughfares with not even the i ghost of an ovorcoat enveloping him. 1 From, a sketch of Pore Hyaointhe, 1 published in Edmond Yates's London t IKbrM, we quote the concluding paragraph : t ' The study of the pfire is opened, and ho t invites you to visit it. A largo crucifix - hangs on the wall, and thero, too, is tho I knotted discipline which ho usod when he ; was a Carmelite friar. The desk, the floor, 1 perhaps also the bod, are littered with I books. Thero are a few now and recent i works, pamphlets of Lavelaye, and Italian J and American newspapers hastily cut ; but of Bossuet and Rosmini, what numbers of well- thumbed volumes ! From their pages the PiSre Hyaointhe is seeking to compile a catechism which shall bo Catholic, but not Tridentino. In speaking he grows animated. The pale, heavy, noar-sighted face loses its heaviness. The mouth, the pronunciation, the diction, all are beautiful. This man is born an orator. Hia very lipa seem to be meant for eloquent speech. After an hour you leave the houso of tho married priest convinced that, if neither prophet, nor philosopher, nor poet, nor perhaps reformer, Loyson is a born orator — tho honest spokes man of that great need for liberty and truth to which ho has given a most persuusive voice. When exiled from France, he found in Geneva a not uncongenial home. The position was a, central ono for .him, and he is very sensible of tho kindness ho has met with among the Swiss. But his heart is, in France, and as ho has many influential friends there, his prospects are brightening. He is allowed this winter to lecture in Paris, and he hopes to be allowed ultimately to mako his home not far from the towers of Notre Dame.' 