PAYMENT OF MEMBERS. [To the Editor of the Northern Argus.] Sir—I believe the time has just aboutcome when we will Tequire to look this question in the face. Every now and then some un fortunate member, rather short of cash per- j haps, is pushing the matter before the j House, sometimes in a very awkward way. I Recently outsiders have been talking the I question over, and I have too good an opinion of some of them to think it is be cause they cherish a secret hope that when that time does come, and come it must late or soon, they or some of their friends may also have the chance of "re presenting"' (?) some part of the colony. " What is your opinion on payment of members ?" is a question often asked now adays. My opinion on the subject, like the opinion of a good many more, has undergone a decided change of late. I feel that I am drifting into the party which intends to make the question a desideratum, and I sap pose it does not matter how many times a person changes opinion so long as he changes every time for the better, or so long as he changes with a serious intention. My reason for changing opinion on this head is as fol lows :—Formerly I held that no person had any right to presume to legislate for his country unless he had proved himself a good legislator on his own account—that is, unless he had managed his affairs so as to get himself into an independent position. I held this to be a fair test of a man's busi ness qualities or general ability, and perhaps it is, but a more extensive knowledge of human nature has modified this opinion considerably. I have seen it proved times out of number that to be a shrewd business fellow and to be a wise and prudent man: are two different things altogether; and1 the fact of a man having little to manage, throughforce of circumstances or misfortune, is no argument against his ability to manage. Many a competent sea captain has had his vessel wrecked, though thorough master of everything relating to navigation. Of late we have had to take those to represent us who could afford the time. Of course ability, which generally means " speaking power," has been looked to, bat competency in circumstances has been a principal quali fication. If legislation is a work, then by all means if a man with the necessary aptness for such work cannot afford to do it without pay ment let him be paid, for the payment of real ^ work done by a real worker cannot possibly disgrace the colony or any man in it. ^ I know some people have a notion thai a little of a thing called honor is sufficient remuneration for such work, but this houor; is an expensive thins-, as those best know who have tried. Honor remuneration is questionable pay, and the less said about it the better. No real worker, unless in some j fearful emergency, will nowadays tender his ■ services gratuitously in any department. Patriots, like ghosts, are not often seen in: our time. I would not count him a patriot who will assert " that it is a disgrace to the country to pay a sensible man for work done by him." 1 also believe that if the payment-of-members system were brought in we would have every district in the colony represented by some of its own people, in the Assembly at anyrate; the same necessity does not apply to the Upper House. This I believe would be a decided advantage, and the true business of the country would meet with less interruptions; the business of the colony would be more like business. There are doubtless objections to the system, other than I have taken note of. Lake everything else beneath the sun, it would be capable of being abused, but with all the abuses which 1 can foresee it would be found a preferable system to the present one. I am, Sir, &c.;, Nestob. 