CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, GOODNA. A meeting of the members and others connected with the Congregational Church at Goodna was held on Monday evening last to usy farewell to the Rev. R. W. Spence, who through ill health is compelled to retire from ministerial work for a time. There was a very large attendance. The chair was occupied by Mr. R. Dunbar. The proceedings were opened by the singing of the 815th hymn and the offering of an appropriate prayer. The Canoste then addressed the meeting, stat ing the pleasure he felt in occupying the position. His pleasure wasee not in parting from their esteemed pastor, of whom he spoke in terms of the greatest respect; but, seeing they were forced to part, it was pleasant to do so with such genuine esteem and regard as they felt towards him who had been called to leave them, and whom they all so much respected. He would not detain them, but would call upon Mr. Ross the secretary of the Church, to present a state ment of the work of the Church during Mr. Sponce's pastorate. Mr. Ross spoke with very deep feeling of the good whlob had been done; calling attention to the fact thatevery branch of the Church work had improved. Their finances had reached a position far beyond all past precedent. They had been enabled to pay off all debts, effect considerable repairs, meet all liabilities, and now rejoiced in a considerable balance on the right side. Then,too, abetter feelingpervadedthewholecon eregation, and under Mr. Spencer's preaching several had been led to give themeelvees to the Lord. And, in conclusion, he would remind them of the very great interest Mr. Spense had taken in the Sabbath-school, and the good be had there &ocomplished.; Mr. GuscowrTaE said he endorsed all that had fallen from the chairman and Mr. Ross. He could say that in the closest contact with Mr. Spence in deacons' meetings or meetings of trustees, under the gentleman's guidance there had been nothing but peace and harmony. He secured Mr. Spence that in eaving them he carried with him the sympathy and best wishes of the whole ChOurch and congregation without exception, and not only that, but the best wishes of the wholecommunity. They had attempted to confine their littletestimonial within the limits of the congregation; but there were some outside who asked to be allowed, and insisted on giving, and who gave as an expression of their best feelings. The COIBEAN then rose and in a few appropriate remarks testified to the pleasure he had in presenting to Mr. SPeNca a puree containing twenty sovereigns, as a small but sincere expression of their regard, together with an address which he read, and heartily endorsed every sentiment expressed therein. The address, which was beautifully written on vellum and tastefully illuminated, was as follows: " An address to the Rev. B. W. Spenee, on the occa sion of his retirement from the pastorate of the Congregational Churob, Goodna, Queensland,. " Reverend and Dear Sir,-We, the deacons, Church members, and congregation of the Church at Goodna, under your pastoral care, are unwilling to allow your departure from among us to take place without ex preising our grateful recognition and sincere appreci-a. tion of the ministerial and pastoral work which, with God's blessing, you have been permitted to aseompliebsh during your brief ministry amongst us. We have profltted by your earnest and faithful preaching of the Gospel, and have enjoyed your pastoral visits to our homes ; and we would especially record our sense of the great service you have rendered in connection with the Sunday- school, and the warm interest you have uniformly evinced in the spiritual welfare of the youthful portion of the congregation. We fervently hope that abiding good has been wrought in us, and in our children, throughyour diligent and persevering labours. " We regret exceedingly that the state of your health is such as to render imperative a complete re tirement from the pastorate. We bow in submission to the Great Head of the Church, in whose hands are the. under shabepherds and their flocks, under a die. pensation which is afflictive to as `as well as to your. self, and assure you of our deepest sympathy in this enforced withdrawal from a work which. you have carried on with diligence and success. "It is our earnest prayer that the Divine blessing may attend your future steps, and that you may be spared to recover strength to engage again in the work of the Christian ministry. " We beg your acceptance of the accompimying purse as a token of kind regard. "Signed on behalf of the Churchb and congregation. "EDwinD GILINGWATcE ) "GEOR Bo RSS Deacons." "JAMaES CoOOxSTON The congregation then sang the 847th hymn. Mr. Sfanc?o then in terms of very deep feeling replied to the address. He thanked the members of the Chureb and congregation for the very substantial way in which they had expressed their esteem, and for the very beautiful address ip which they had given expression to their sympathy and good wishes. He then spoke of the consideration and assistance he had at all times received from all the offioe- bearers of the Church, and acknowledeed and thanked the whole of the members of the Church and congregation for the sympathy and forbearance they had ever shown towards him, dwelling upon the unbroken harmony and peace which had existed among them during the short period of his pastorate. They had said many kind things about him that evening, and had attributed to him all the snueess thbat'had been aehieved. He die claimed that credit-it was not due to him alone. To those who had, by their sympathy and the regularity of their attendance.upon the Sabbath services, and the readiness with which they had responded to every appeal made to them, done so much to encourage him, was due much of the honour and of the harmony and success which had been enjoyed. To them he had tried to preach Christ and the glad tidings of salvation -the truth as it is in Jasus. Some there were who had heard from his lips the message of God's love, and to whom it had been "the power of God unto salvation r" Others there were whose hearts had been touched by the truth, and in whose lives he yet hoped and prayed it would bring forth fruits into salvation. They were now called upon to part. The dooree had gone forth, and they were to separate; but the truthe which had been preached would still be with them-the same Gospel, the same Everlasting Father, the same sympathising and Almighty Savour, the same good Spirit, the Holy Ghost the Comforter, would remain with them. These were the source of abiding peace and of all the joy and soccess that had been vouochsafed to them during the past. Hethanked them again with deep feeling for their very great kind neose, and thoe generous sympathy they evinced towards him in his present trying circumstances; and con cluded his address, which was listened to with rapt attention throughout, by bidding them farewell in the words of the Apostle Paul to the Corinthian Church: -"Fnally, brethren, farewell. Be perfect, he of good comfort, be of one mind, live in peace, and the God of love and peace shall be with you." A vote of thanks having been given to the chairman and suitably acknowledged, the meeting was brought to a close by singing the doxology and the pronunno itg of the benediction. 