THE WEEK'S NEWS THE OUTWARD ENGLISH MAIL. — We remind our readers that the winter arrangements begin this month, and that the mail will be dispatched on Thursday instead of Saturday for the next six months. > PBESENTATION TO DE. DUNCAN*.-A beauti fully-written address, accompanied by a hand some silver inkstand, was presented to Dr. Duncan ou Friday night, April 6, by tha Loyal Peninsula Lodge of Oddfellows, M.TT., from which the Doctor is retiring as Lodge Surgeon. ADELAIDE HOSPITAL.-The following is the xeport for the past fortnight:-Number of patients admitted, 73; discharged, 74 ; died, 5; now in hospital, 177; out- patients prescribed for, 685. ATJSTEA.LA.SIA. ABC GTTIDE.-We have re ceived this Guide for the month of April. THE GOVERNMENT YARD.-The Government are building a convenient four-roomed house in the south-west corner of the Government Yard, to be used as offices by the Engineer of Harbours and Jetties. The erection will be completed in about a fortnight. The yard employes are busy casting iron pieces for repairing the dredger Willuriga r-ud relieving the hulk Kadina of the gear aiid apj 'iances on board. The latter will be returned to the owners, Messrs. Thompson, Wells, & Co., on Monday or Tuesday. INCIDENT AT GLENELG.-Oar correspondent *ends us the following:-"Glenelg has lately been unusually dull, the monotony being only ?relieved by the incoming of a seal-bound yacht from the Neptnnes, or a crayfiishpot from Kangaroo Island. On Thursday night, however, the report that a dingey had drifted in, and was beached near Brighton, brought all hands to the fore. The Harbour- Master's assistant was sent to enquire into the facts, and the origin of all the commotion was found to be a flat-bottomed punt, which, though quite old enough to know better, had beached, and discharged her cargo {of saltwater) without coming into port under the Customs Act. Not a sign of an accident at sea could be found, and it was evident that she had taken matters in her own hands and broken "the tow-rope." THE MCREAT BRIDGE.-Several cylinders to be used in the construction of the Murray Bridge were landed, ex Francis Thorpe, at Port Adelaide on Friday, April 6. CHAMBER OF MANUFACTURES.-Mr. S. V. Pizey, Acting-Chairman of this Chamber, accompanied by Messrs. W. F. Gray, A. M. Simpson, J. H. Horwood, T. Johnson, M.P., A. W. Dobhie, and the Secretary, waited upon His Excellency the Governor on Friday, April 6, to ask him to accept the position of Patron to the Chamber. Sir W.W. Cairns expressed his hearty sympathy with the objects of the Chamber, and consented to take the office. FLOATING OF THE ADONIS. - The ketch Adonis, which went ashore at Noarlunga on the sight of March 36, and has since lain high and - dry on the beach, was successfully floated on Wednesday evening, April 4. Since she stranded the weather has kept fine; but this, whilst preventing her from receiving much injury, has rendered the task of getting her afloat more difficult, each tide washing bads: the sand which was daily removed by the crew. Captain Angelinowitch had gone to Port Ade laide to procure appliances for lifting the vessel, leaving one of the crew on the spot; but on Wednesday afternoon a heavy sea came in, and as the tide rose it lifted the craft. Charles -McCoy and William Dale, two fishermen living at Port Noarlunga, who had been assisting the previous week, took advantage of the favourable occasion, and making fast a strong warp to the moorings succeeded by great exertion in getting the vessel afloat and securely moored, and the captain received by, telegram the gratifying news of her safety. Fortunately, the beach being sandy and the weather pretty calm, she has not strained much and makes but very little water. If the wind continues favourable she will leave for Port Adelaide to-day for overhaul and repairs. The cost to the captain, who is also owner, will be considerable, as the vessel was entirely uninsured; and in addition to the actual labour employed the steamer Eleanor had .made a fruitless voyage in the hope of getting her off the day after she grounded. Much sympathy is felt for the captain, who is well known as a careful and industrious man, and a regular trader to the southern outports. There 3s no donbt. however, the whole vexation, loss, and anxiety might have been saved had he only . made fast to the moorings in the first place; but not expecting the gale he trusted entirely to his \- own anchors, and they dragged. The place where the vessel lay, inside the reef, is perfectly safe in any weather if a vessel be properly moored; but the anchorage having a sandy bottom renders it unsafe for vessels in stormy weather unless they are moored. Too much credit cannot be given to Dale and McOoy for their pluck and energy in sticking to their task on Wednesday night, asbutfforjtheir perseverance, and the assis tance of Mr.'G. Short, and the sailor in charge of the ketch, she would have had to wait till next spring tides, and if stormy weather had -come on have received much more injury. ILLNESS OF THE KEV. S. KNIGHT. - The Zfethodisi Journal of April 6 says: - "We exceedingly regret to leam that for some .days past the Rev. the President of the Con ference has, through indisposition, -been unable to attend fully to his onerous duties. On enquiry at the parsonage last evening we were informed that Mr. Knight was but little if at all better. It is hoped, however, that an im provement will shortly take place. Meanwhile we are sure the President will have the prayers and sympathy of the Church." DUDLEY'S CASE.-A petition is in course of signature for the commutation of the sentence ^passed upon Dudley, convicted of the man slaughter of his wife. NEW GOVERNMENT OFFICES.-The Govern ment offer a premium of £150 for the best design -for the proposed new buildings in Victoria square and £75 for the second best. SMALLPOX AT DCNEDIS. - Kegarding the -smallpox at Dunedin, the Otago Daily Times -of March 24 says:-"As was surmised, the barque that was spoken by the schooner Spunkie and reported as the Sydney proves to be the Gloucester, from Hongkong. The state ment respecting smallpox having broken out amongst her passengers is only too correct. However, we are glad to say that she is not such a pest-house as was anticipated might be th i case, the dread disease having been confined to comparatively few cases. Captain Vincent, of the Gloucester, states that smallpox broke ou1-. amongst the Chinese passengers on January 23, 10 days after leaving Hongkong, I-, ran through 15 cases, the last of winch appeared January 15. Only three deaths occurred, two in the cases of Chinese, and -one in that of a Fiji native, one of the barque's crew. He was the only one of the crew afflicted, and we are glad to hear that Captain Vincent, bis officers, a European cabin passenger, and the rest of the crew have maintained good health "throughout. The sick Chinese were quartered under the topgallant forecastle, and there at tended to by their doctor, a Chinaman of course. "The barque had 122 Chinese passengers on board when she left Hongkong. There are now four cases of smallpox under treatment, but they bave reached the convalescent stage. By order ?of Dr. Drysdale the patients were marshalled on I the forecastle, so that he could see them. There -was no mistaking their appearance, their faces and necks being scabbed in the extreme." THE BEV. J. JEFFEEIS.-Mr. A. MacCormac, .of Barton-terrace, North Adelaide, has just com pleted a half-length life-size oil-painting of the Bev. J. Jcfferis, intended to behung in the vestry of the Congregational Church, Brougham-place. The artist has been singularly happy in catching the expression of the features. The likeness is rSO good as to be recognized at the very first slance. The countenance has a quiet yet pleasing expression, and at the same time there is a fixedness of determination in ^ the closed lips and in the glance of the eye which at once con 1 veys the idea of intellectuality and manly reso lution. The figure is well posed, and great care has evidently been bestowed upon the details, without presenting them too prominently to the «ye. We are sure the Church will be gratified with the portrait; and as the rev. gentleman is so well known and so generally respected, we hope his portrait will be placed for a time in some position accessible to public inspection before it is finally removed to the Church vestry. XXX NEW LETTER-PILLARS FOR THE CITY. — The City Council was informed at its meeting on Monday in a letter from the Commissioner of Crown Lands that it is the intention of the Government to remove a number of the letter pillars in the city which are unprovided with lamps, and to substitute lamp pillars. The letter was referred to the Public Works Com mittee, with power to make suggestions relative to new sites for some of the pillars. > UNIVERSITY LECTURES.--On Monday evening Professor Ralph Tate delivered the first of his course of lectures in connection. with the Adelaide University at the South Australian Institute, the subject of his discourse being " The Ancient Physical Geography and Geology of South Australia." The Reading-room, was crowded with an audience comprising many of the attendants at the University classes. His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide presided, and the following gentlemen also occupied seats on the platform:—The Hon. R. D. Ross, the Chief Justice, Mr W. A. E. West-Erskine, and Dr. Gunson. His Lordship, in introducing the lecturer, stated that it was only owing to a mis- understanding that Sir William Cairns was not present to occupy the chair. The Governor took a great interest in the University, and he (the Chairman) had no doubt that he would preside on future occasions. Professor Tate, in opening his lecture, said he was conscious of the privilege he enjoyed in being elected to fill the chair of natural science in the Adelaide University, and fully aware of the responsibilities of his office. He compared geology, the subject on which he was about to treat, to the other sciences, saying that Herschel considered that it ranked next to astronomy. In usefulness it was second to none and it was so intimately connected with the science of chemistry, mineralogy, and botany that all of them were essential to a proper knowledge of geology. He then went on to speak of the persecutions the pro- fessors of the science had to endure in the dark ages, when it was looked upon as heretical knowledge, whilst chemistry was re- ceived with favour. The feeling against geology had not yet expired in the minds of some ignorant bigots who regarded it with suspicion. The names of several humble followers of the science were mentioned, and some entertaining anecdotes of their lives and labours intro- duced. A description of the earth's crust was given, and the different strata as found in England described and pointed out on a large diagram on the wall. There was no place in the world where so many geological changes had taken place as Great Britain, so that savants when examining the geological formation of a new and distant country merely compared its features with those of Great Britain or with the features of the countries from which they came. The lecturer then spoke of palaeontology, or the knowledge of organic life in bygone geological time, and explained the important part fossils played in determining the different periods of the earth's formation. He hoped that the impetus which would be given to the study of geology by the University would prevent the waste of much capital and energy in prosecuting unprofitable mining enterprises, which had done so much mischief in the past. But even from an agricul- tural standpoint a knowledge of geology was valuable in determining soils, and their proper treatment and value. He quoted Johnson on agricultural science, who had said that to those seeking new homes in distant colonies, no knowledge would be more valu- able than that which an acquaintance with the first principles of geology would convey. The lecturer illustrated this by explaining some statistical tables showing the relative value of different oolitic soils in England, for the culti- vation of cereals. He indicated also on the map the portions of South Australia to which he would refer in future lectures, namely, the dis- trict extending from Lake Torrens in the north down the eastern shore of Spencer's Gulf, across to the North-West Bend, and from thence to the South-East. He desired to express his thanks to the persons in different parts of the colony to whom he was indebted for the receipt of specimens which had enabled him to form opinions on the geology of distant places, and pointed out how much more might be done if the course of lectures to be delivered should prove the means of inducing some of those pre- sent to qualify themselves to go out as amateur geologists. The lecturer concluded by painting a glowing picture of the beauties of the country to be explored, and the delightful views of nature which formed one of the chief pleasures of a geologizing tour. Next Monday Professor Tate will enter into the subject of the physical features of South Australia from a geological 1 point of view. The lecture, which occupied an hour and a quarter, was listened to with pleasure and profit by all present, and the Professor was greeted with hearty applause at its termination. XXX CONVENIENCE WANTED AT THE PORT PIRIE POST-OFFICE. — Our correspondent, writing on April 9, sends the following: — " Taken as a whole our postal facilities are perhaps as good as those of any other similarly-circumstanced town in South Australia, and all will admit that the convenience to the public which accrues from the arrangements themselves is largely supplemented by the zealous administration of our Postnaster and his assistant, Mr. Webb. But while this is so there are some deficiencies in detail which are lamentable or ludicrous, or both. One is the absence of any light outside the Post-Cffice after 8 p.m.; and the other the want of a late or loose letter-bag available after 10 p.m. and through the night. With regard to the former the wonder is how and why our townspeople should for so long have tamely submitted to the uncertain and very undignified process of groping in the dark for the letter- box opening, and perchance at last shooting their correspondence into the aperture provided for parcels and papers. It is amusing enough to see strangers striking matches and hurriedly shaping a course for the box while the glimmer lasts, oftentimes finding themselves in imminent danger of falling off the verandah on the one hand or of shoving their elbows through the delivery window on the other. Street rambling in Port Pirie after nightfall is never exactly the most convenient or safe method of taking the air; but when to this is added the extra dark ness of some of our winter nights and the par ticularly greasy nature of the mud under foot on wet ones, it is wonderful that cases of mis placed correspondence, sprained ancles, and dirty garments are not of constant recurrence and all this for the want of a lamp, the cost of which would be almost an infinitesimal fraction. The law of the country demands that publicans shall provide this convenience, and travel lers omitting to do the same upon their vehicles are very soon brought to book. Surely sauce for the goose is sauce for gander, and what the Government in the interest of public safety imperatively de mand from others, should also even for the sake of decent consistency be provided by themselves. The matter of a loose or late letter-bag is also one in which a great public convenience might be gained for a very trifling outlay of time or trouble. Nothing would be easier than to hang a bag inside the letter-box in such a position as to receive any correspondence posted after hours. This might be handed to the guard in the morning, and by him delivered to the Post master at Crystal Brook for regular transmission. In such a case a late fee would not be fairly chargeable, and it might well be stipulated that the Post Office undertook the transmission of the bag without responsibility as to its contents. It is but rarely that letters containing valuable enclosures have to be delayed beyond the ordinary hour of closing the mail, but the con venience to the general public, and especially the business part of it, would be unquestionable. > MEBTtna xt Glbxblg. - A numerously I attended meeting of ratepayers was held at th« j Pier Hotel, Glenelg, on Monday evening, April 9, to consider various questions of interest. The j first subject discussed was that of the damage I done to Glenelg by the late Sturt floods,Imdit was mentioned that the Government had offered ' to supplement by £1,000 the amount the Cor- 1 poration or ratepayers might raise towards clearing the Sturt and preventing any further overflow. A motion in favour of deferring the borrowing of £1,000 for the above purpose was discussed, and finally withdrawn in favour of a proposition that a deputation, consisting of the Glenelg Corporation and ratepayers inte rested, should wait upon the Govern ment and urge the necessity of their voting £1,000 for the work, which was carried. The question of charging the Adelaide, Glenelg, and Suburban Railway Company rent for the use of the Jetty-road was next considered, and the majority of the meeting was strongly opposed to such a suggestion, a proposition that it was most undesirable to charge rent to the .Railway Company for the privilege of traversing the road from Miller's Corner to the jetty being carried by 27 against 9. The scheme of the proposed horse or steam tramway to Brighton was introduced, and it was explained that the line would be from the north end of and along Moseley-street, Glenelg, thence through the Mall, New Glenelg, and the road through Somer ton, along the sandhills to the Brighton rocks. Nearly the whole of the riieeting voted in favour of the tramway, only three hands being held np against it. After the attention of the Mayor of Glenelg had been drawn to the necessity of having a postal delivery at Glenelg the meeting closed Mb. J. tNGLEBT, M.P.-We are informed (states the Border Watch) that Mr. J. Ingleby, M.P., has sent in his resignation to the Speaker as a member for this district. Business con siderations, we believe, have induced him to take this step. The constituency generally will no doubt regret to lose Mr. Ingleby's services. more especially as there may be a difficulty in getting a suitable successor, RAISING THB "VVILLTTNGA.-In our report of the circumstances of the raising .of the submerged dredger we mentioned that we were informed that the suggestion to patch her side in the manner in which this operation was finally per formed emanated from Mr. Watson,' the diver engaged on the work." Our'informant in- the matter was Mr. Watson himself, who supplied our Port Reporter with a circumstantial state ment of what he had proposed and what-had ; actually been carried out. Since, the iu forma- , tion was made public we have heird that the idea emanated from quite a host of persons ; iu j fact the officials in charge would seem to have i been overwhelmed with valuable advice. Iu reference to the matter we have received the following telegram from Mr. Thos. Hinckley, of Kincraig:-" Who states successful plan raising Willunga was originated by diver ?" Another message from the same gentleman requested us to make his first telegram public. From this the inference is that Mr. Hinckley also is one of those who suggested the successful plan, or that he knows another who claims the credit. We are informed officially that Mr. Hickson himself was perfectly well acquainted with the mode adopted, which is no novelty in marine engineering: but it was at first thought that when the water was pumped from the after portion of the vessel the inflation of the canvas bag in the injured compartment would float her. When it was found that this did not answer the plan was tried which must have suggested itself to any practical man, even had he possessed a very small amount of engineering knowledge. * THE CONVALESCENT HOSPITAL.-His Excel lency the Governor, Sir W. W. Cairns, has kindly consented to become Patron of the Convalescent Hospital at St. Margaret's, near the Semaphore, and having signified a wish to visit the institu tion was met there on Saturday, April 7, by the Chairman (Dr. Wylde), the Honorary Secretary, Miss Hart, and several members of the Com mittee. After making a thorough inspection of the premises His Excellency expressed himself as being much pleased with the Hospital, and his belief that it was well worthy of liberal support. There are now seven inmates, four males and three females. Since the acquisition by gift of the block of land on which the build ing, is erected the Committee have purchased sis more allotments, with the view of extending the accommodation provided by the Hospital when the funds will permit. These have cost them £313 4s., of which £53 4s. has been paid off, four years being allowed for the payment of the remainder. From the date of the publica tion of the report in July last 61 patients have been in the Hospital. Of this.number five were returned to the Adelaide Hospital-three for operations, one dying of consumption, and the other of hip disease. Two died in the institu tion-one from heart disease, the other, a female, being found drowned on the adjoining beach. Three consumptive patients left with increased strength and temporary benefit, but without hope of ultimate recovery. The rema.iningj51 were discharged in good health. Forty-eight of the patients were sent from the Adelaide Hospital, and the other 13 were admitted on orders by subscribers. The Committee are very anxious to increase their subscription list, in order to complete the building and pay for the land; and we are sure, there is no charity which, from the amount of good it does, is more en titled to the hearty sympathy and assistance of the public. Pupii. TEACHERS' EXAMINATION.-The Wal laroo Times states that:-"A pupil teachers' examination was held by Mr. James Hosking, Inspector of Schools, at Mr. Willshire's School room, Wallaroo, on Wednesday, 4th, Thursday, 5th, and Friday, 6th instant. Thirteen candi dates presented themselves, of whom three were pupils of the third year, three of the first year, and seven for appointment. The papers were sent down to the Central Board, and the result of their inspection will doubtless be shortly notified." PBESENTATIOH, UA.O.D.-An interesting ceremony in connection with the United Ancient Order of Druids took place on Wednes day evening, April 4, at the meeting of the Duke of Brunswick Lodge, held at Host Leonard's, Wakefield Hotel, on which occasion a testimonial, voted by the delegates of the different Lodges at the annual District Meeting, was presented to the retiring Provincial President, Brother W. Wilson. There was a good attendadce, including the present District Officers, P.P. Sells, P.V.P. Perry, and P.S. Mathews, with other past officers of the Order. After the ordianry business of the Lodge had been concluded, Provisional Secretary Mathews, he having been deputed to present the testimonial, said it was very pleasant to meet on such an occasion as this. Brother Wilson had for many years been connected with the Order, and had proved himself a true Druid. He bad served in all the inferior offices, which to carry out fully took usually a course of six years. He had filled all these offices, but the last and most honoured duty was to retire as a Past Provincial President, feeling he had done his duty to the Order, and to receive by their expression and from their hands a last ing memento of their appreciation of his past services. He then handed to Brother Wilson a handsome gold locket and Albert chain. The locket bore the following inscription neatlj designed:-" Presented to Past Provincial Presi dent W. Wilson by the Adelaide District, U.A.O.D., January, 1877" Brother PJ?.P. Wilson thanked the Brothers assembled for the good feeling expressed by them, and to the Order at large for their kind appreciation of his past services. As an individual member of the Duke of Brunswick Lodge, and as a Brother of the Order, he felt pleased they had been satis fied with bis conduct and had testified their appreciation as they had done on his retiring from the Presidency of the Order. He hoped he should continue to prove a true Druid. THE TO BEIDGE.-A letter was read from the City Surveyor at yesterday's meeting of the City Council, stating that the City Bridge works would be completed in nine days' time, and the Council thereupon resolved that an opening ceremony should take place, at the same time empowering His Worship to make the necessary arrangements. Councillor Mathews moved that the bridge should be named the Albert Bridge, but the majority of the Council were of opinion that it would be preferable for the present name of the bridge to be continued, and the resolution was therefore negatived. The Council further resolved, on the motion of Councillor Madge, that two bronze castings should be affixed to the bridge, each bearing the name of the structure, the name of the present Mayor of Adelaide, and other particulars. PROVISIONS AGAINST SMALLPOX INFECTION. The Officer of Health for the City forwarded a letter to the City Council at its meeting on Mon- day, in which he stated that he considered it his duty, in view of the possibility of an out- break of smallpox in the city, to draw the atten- tion of the civic authorities to the fact that the city was altogether unprovided with means for isolating any case or cases of the dread disease which might arise. Dr. Way appended to his letter a recommendation that a small and inex- pensive building of wood, which might subse- quently be burned down if it were unhappily called into use, should be erected on some suitable site. THE PASTOEATE OF POET ADELAIDE CONGRE GATIONAL CHEHCH.-Tea and public meetings in connection with the public recognition of the Rev. M. M. Dick as pastor of the Port Congre gational Church were held on Monday evening, April 9. The Hon.R. A. Tarlton, M.L.C., pre sided at the open gathering, and there was a large attendance. Above the pulpit a tablet to the memory of the late Rev. M. H. Hodge has been placed. During the course of the evening a Geneva gown was presented to Mr. Dick on behalf of the ladies of the congregation, and the fa£t was commented upon as being somewhat of a novelty in the denomination. It appeared, however, that the late Mr. Hodge wore a gown for the last few years. Several ministers were present, and offered the new pastor their con gratulations on the occasion of his instalation. COTTAGE HOSPITALS.-" A New Chum" writes to us expressing his surprise at the number of deaths that have recently occurred-in several of the townships in the North. He says he has seen men brought into a township and plac«d in the hotel, where they are made as comfort able as possiblebut at the same time he con siders that an hotel is no place for a sick man, i because what spark of life is left in him may be extinguished for the want of quiet and proper attendance. He then suggests that ; Government should provide locked money-boxes j to be placed in the bar- rooms of every hotel j throughout the colony, and the contents periodi cally withdrawn by a collector. By this means [ he thinks that money enough would be col lected in a short time to build several cottage hospitals. PATEON OF THE CHESS CLUB.-His Excel- - j Iency the Go vers, or Sir W: W. Cairiy. K.C.M.G., j has become the Patron of the Adelaide Chess ! Club. The late Governor, Sir A. Musgrave, was the formal; j THE XAW COTXBTS.-Their- Honors the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Stow sat in Banco at the Supreme Court on Monday morning, April 9. Their duties were exceedingly light, the only " matter set down for argument being for a rale niai in re the Great Eastern Mining Company, Limited, and Paqualin, which the appellants' counsel, 'Mr. Wigley, endeavoured unsuccess- < fully to get adjourned-to the next Sittings, and itwaa struck out. Mr. Justice Stow then sat in j Equity, and heard a petition to wind up the Inglewood Mining Venture, Limited, under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1864. There .was an omission in the petition and affidavit relative to the voluntary winding op of the Company, and its further hearing was adjourned till Saturday, the 14th instant, to afford Mr. Nicholson, the petitioners' counsel, time to amend or to adopt some course whereby the difficulty would be overcome. At noon the Chief Justice presided over the Supreme Court in its Matrimonial Causes Jurisdiction, and heard the petition for divorce in re the suit of Munns v. Munns, which was based upon the alleged cruelty and adultery of the husband. The petition set forth that the respondent com- mitted divers acts of cruelty to the petitioner between the years 1872 and 1876, and that immediately after he was bound over in January, 1876, to keep the peace for twelve months, he left his home without making any provision for his wife or family, and cohabited with one Mary Roe or Way, a spinster, at Mitcham. His Honor rejected one affidavit as irregular, and stated that it would be necessary to amend the petition with respect to the name of the co-respondent. The further consideration of the petition was accordingly adjourned till Friday, the 13th instant, at 11 a.m. SCHOOL ACCOMMODATION AT WASLEYS.-The Attorney-General, in the absence of the Minister of Education through indisposition, received a deputation from Wasleys on Monday morning, April 9, consisting of Messrs. R. Oliver, A. Collypriest,R. Barr, L. Dingle, and Geo. Thomp son, who were introduced by Mt. Cavenagh, M.P., with the object of bringing under the notice of the Minister the want of school accommodation at Wasleys. Several members of the deputa tion quoted statistics tending to show that a wide radius of populated country near "Wasleys was altogether destitute of schools, and the Attorney General was informed that a member of the deputation who had died very suddenly that morning had in his possession a numerously signed memorial from residents in the neigh bourhood concerned, asking for school accom modation. It was also stated that parents were complaining very much of the serious incon venience to which their children were subject owing to the enormons distance they had to travel daily to get their education. One member of the deputation said that the children of the neighbourhood " were running wild," and pictured the evil results which must ensue from the enforced laxity in their educational training. The Attorney-General, in reply to the deputa tion, presented its members with forms issued by the Council of Education, in which persons who were anxious for an increase of school accommodation might insert the information upon which the Government and the CounoH would decide as to whether or no the accommo dation asked for should be afforded. He promised the deputation that if the whole of the necessary information were supplied in this way, its representations would not be lost sight of by the Government. STTDDEN DEATH.-Mr. Robt. "Waite, a farmer, of Wasleys, who was on a visit to Adelaideasamem ber of a deputation to the Minister of Education, suddenly dropped down on the pavement in Gawler-place in a state of insensibility at about half-past 10 o'clock on Monday morning. Mr. Waite having previously been in the enjoyment of tolerably good health, the friends who were in his company at the time of the occurrence felt alarm at his sudden illness, and a cab having been procured as soon as possible, Mr. Waite was taken to the Hospital. There a medical exami nation was at once made, and it was discovered, much to the surprise of Mr. Waite's friends, that life was extinct, the cause assigned by the Senior Surgeon of the Hospital being apoplexy. Mr. Waite, who was nearly 60 years of age, leaves a widow and a family of eight or nine children, whom it is believed by the gentle men who accompanied Mr. Waite to town the properly of which he was possessed will place in comfortable circumstances. The City Coroner held an inquest on Tuesday morning at the Hospital, when a verdict of death from apoplexy was returned. BANKING COMBINATION.-We hear that there is a great probability that the combination between the various banking institutions in Adelaide will shortly come to a close, the Union Bank having given notice some time" since of its intention to withdraw from the compact. If the disruption takes place the result will be a reduction on the rates of dis count hitherto charged. SUSPICIONS AFFAIB.-The Gatcler Bunyip of April 6 publishes the following paragraph: " This morning a grey horse and spring-cart were brought to the Police Station, having been found in Mr. Dwyer's paddock, about three miles from Gawler. A black and white dog followed the cart. In the cart were a bottle of port wine, some spirits, and beer. It looks rather suspicious, as the cart has spots of blood on it, and the whip also. The police have visted the neighbourhood, and searched the locality, but nothing up to the time of going to press has transpired to lead to a solution of the mystery." RECEIVED.-We have received from Messrs. E. 5\. Wigg & Son a copy of the catalogue of the works in their circulating library. CLEARANCE OF SHIPS.-We hear that the Day Diwn has been refused a clean bill of health in clearing out for New Caledonia. FIBE AT WIRRABARA.-On the morning of April 2 a stack of hay containing over 40 tons of hay, situated on Mi*. Dansie's farm, the property of Mr. J. Bock, of Laura, was burnt. An inquest was held on the 4th by Mr. H. M. Smith, J P., but the cause of the fire could not be ascer taiaed. XXX CABLE CONSTRUCTION.-The following memo randum was sent to the Telegraph Department of Melbourne, and was published in the Argus of April 7. Why it was not furnished to the papers in Adelaide, where the information was received, is a mystery: — " Adelaide, April 5, 1877\. Fourth Bombay to Aden cable is now successfully duplicated. This gives duplicate communication between India and England. The Penang to Rangoon cable is expected to be ready for traffic to- morrow. (Signed) C. TODD. > FAKMIXG PROSPECTS AT WIRRABARA.-Our . orrespondent writing April 7 says that conse quent on the heavy rains, and the genial weather since, feed is growing very fast. Ploughing is progressing, and the ground is in first-rate order. TEA AND PUBLIC MEETING. - A tea and public meeting in aid of St. Luke's School room was held in the Town Wall Ex change Room on Friday evening, April 6\. There was a large attendance at both jneetings. A lengthy programme of songs, &c.;, was gone through, the Misses Yandepeer, Messrs. Tidswell, Stanton, and Bishop being the most Appreciated. The proceeds amounted to about £15. ACCIDENT.-A boy named John Nicholson was admitted to the Adelaide Hospital on Sunday afternoon, April 8, his left ankle having been badly sprained in consequence of a plank falling upon it from a stack of wood round which he was running at the West-terrace mill. DISFRANCHISED.-Our correspondent at Edith-, burgh states that "great dissatisfaction was caused on election day when it was found that with few exceptions all the inhabitants of this place vrere disfranchised. Some 60 or 70 names were sent in to Wallaroo in June, 1876, at the time of the revision of rolls, but it seems that no notice had been taken of some. However, the rolls sent down with the ballot-box did contain the names of those voters registered in 1874 only, and a great number of people had to go home sadly disappointed at not being able to record their votes. The Returning Officer here, after the affair was found out, wired the fact immediately to Mir. A. J. Edmunds, the Deputy Returning Officer at Wallaroo. In consequence of the omission of the names hardly any votes were recorded at this polling-place, but it is said that some investigation is likely to be made, as the Deputy Returning Officer at the time the names were sent in was Mr. J. B. Shepherdson. THE NEW STREET-WATERING "VANS.-The City Surveyor reported at Monday's meeting of the City Council that the new street-water- j ing vans had been at work for several days, and .had been found to answer their purpose very satisfactorily. RAILWAY EXTENSION.-The contractor for the Gladstone and Jamestown Railway has already got his plant to the former place, and it" is stated that the. earthworks will be commenced witlwut delay. ABBON AT TOTHUX'S CHEEK.-On Tuesday, April 4, afire broke oat on the premises of Mr. Wm. Behder, of Tothill's Creek, during Ms absence from home, by which a haystack con taining about 25 tons of hay, stabling, and. chaffbouse were burned down, but by the great exertions of neighbours and assistants a stack, within 10 feet was saved. An inquest was' held before Mr.S. Dawson, JJP^on Friday, April 6, at the residence of -Mr. Rehder ; and Mr. Small, as agent, attended on behalf of the Liverpool, London, and Globe Insurance Company. The Jury found that the fire was wilfully caused by some person unknown. Our informant states that this is the third fire that has occurred within a month under similar circumstances. "VISITS OF INSPECTION BY THE GOVEBNOB. His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by his Aide-de-Camp, Captain Haggart, left Adelaide on £&turday; by the 2 o'clock train for Port Adelaide for the purpose of inspecting the Sailors' Home. He was met on his arrival by the Mayor of Port Adelaide (Mr. D. Bower, M.P.), Mr. 5". Formby, J J?., the Hon. Secretary of the Institution (MJC. A. S. Neill), the Secretary of the Marine Board.. (Mr. T. N. Stephens), and the Superintendent of the Sailors' Home (Mr. J. C. Addison). Has Excellency was conducted through the building, and was gratified. to learn that the Committee would soon be able to offer additional accommo dation to the extent of 44 dormitories, as he had heard that there had been at times a larger number of applicants, for recep tion at the Home than the Institution could receive. Mr. Barge, the contractor for erecting the dormitories, will have finished the work in about a month's time, and the Home will then be equal to the accommodation of nearly 100 seamen. Sir William, who evidently takes a warm interest in the welfare of sailors, expressed himself well pleased with the efforts of the Committed. He however made a sug gestion, which will equally well apply to other institutions, that they should keep a visitors' book. The party then proceeded to the Port Institute, and inspected the Reading-room and" Library. A visit was also made to the Port' Club, which meets in the same building. The Hon. Secretary of the Club (Mr. Todd) was present to i eceive His Excellency. On account of the suddenness of the notice His Excel lency's presence at the Port on Saturday after noon was unknown to the majority of the people, but the shipping was decorated with bunting in honour of the occasion. The Governor returned by the half-past 5 train from the Port. PEACTICAX. JOKING OB LABBIKIMSM.-"When the signal gun on the Semaphore Jetty was got out on Saturday afternoon for the purpose -of firing the starting signal for the yacht race, it was discovered that it had been spiked by some senseless practical joker, and consequently 'the vessels had to be started by word of mouth. MB. W. COBRIK JOHNSON.-Mr.W. Corrie John son, an Evangelist, who is now on a visit to this colony, and who has prominently identified him self with evangelistic work in Victoria, preached yesterday (Sunday) morning at the Presbyterian Church, Flinders-street, to a large congregation. The preacher selected for a text the words, "And we are His witnesses of these things; and so is also the Holy Ghost, whom God had given to them that obey him."-Acts v. 32. The sermon, which secured the deep and unwavering attention of the congregation, was somewhat brief, bat was characterized with an earnestness which left very little doubt in the mind of any hearer of the interest and zeal with which Mr. Johnson is pursuing his good work. In the evening Mr. Johnson occupied the pulpit at the Baptist Church in Flinders-street, and chose for the text of his sermon verses 27 to 32 of the 4th chapter of Leviticus. Mr. Johnson conducted a series of evangelical services every evening bnt Saturday during the week in the Flinders street Presbyterian Church. Sr. CLEMENT'S, ENFIELD.-On Wednesday, April 4, a very successful bazaar was held in the Council Chamber, Gepp's Cross, the object being to raise a fund for purchasing a library for the Sunday-school of St. Clement's Church. For months past the ladies of the congregation and their friends have been busily engaged in preparing articles for the occasion, and certainly their exertions were not in vain, for throughout the room specimens of excellent handicraft of all descriptions, too numerous to specify, were temptingly displayed. The different stalls were presided over by Mesdames Bagless, Walker, Constant, Haynes, and. Newhon, and the Misses Barker, Thompson, and Frinsdorf ; while Mr. Hill, with his usual zeal and activity, attended to the refreshment department. At 1 o'clock the bazaar was opened, and a busy trade was con tinued with unabated interest from that time until 9 o'clock, when almost the whole stock was disposed of. "Visitors were present from Adelaide and tke surrounding district. The sum realized amounted to £27 8s. THE COUNCIL OF EDUCATION.-Mr. David Murray, M.P., has sent in his resignation as a member of the Council of Education owing to his having been elected to represent the District of East Torrens in the House of Assembly. IJCUIGBATION.-On Monday morning six mar ried couples and 14 children, in all 26 persons, were being maintained at the Government ex pense. With one or two exceptions they were all expected to leave Morcom's during the day. Between 40 and 50 persons were sent to the railway works at the Burra last week. In a recent paragraph we stated that the Hamlet, with 36 single men as Government emigrants, sailed on March 27- We now learn that the date of departure was January 27, the former date being given to us in mistake. HOLT TBINITT SUNDAY-SCHOOL.-The annual picnic of this Sunday-school was held on Easter Tuesday at Mr. Jacob's residence, Moorooroo. It was largely attended, upwards of 200 persons being present. Games of all sorts were entered into with spirit. Luncheon and tea were pro vided by Mrs. Jacob and other ladies. A hearty round of cheers for Mr. and Mrs. Jacob for their kindness closed one of the most successful pic nics ever held by the Church. Some very nice prizes were provided, and each child was allowed to choose one. The number of children on the books are-Lyndoch 80, and Moorooroo 30. CATHOLIC PICNIC AT KAPCNDA.-In our notice of tins festival the Eapunda Gymnastic Club was I erroneously mentioned instead of the Young Australian Gymnastic Club. NEW WHABFS AT POET ADELAIDE.-The Commercial Company's new wharf has been satisfactorily constructed within a month of the contract time, the nine months in which it was agreed to be finished expiring on the 1st of May next. The contract was taken by Mr. B. Honey, and has been creditably carried out under the superintendence of Mr. John Jones. The new wharf is 360 feet long, runs parallel with Allot ments 73, 74, and 75, and Fussell-street, and ends at the South Australian Company's property. The landing tie-piles are 20 feet in length, the main piles of the sheet-piling 34 feet; mid-row piles 48 feet, and the outside ones 50 feet. The points are all driven into limestone crust to prevent them bursting out. The decking is 25 feet wide, leaving about 215 feet space to Fuseell-street, which takes the depth of Allotments 73, 74, and 75. The space between the decking and Fossell-street has been already filled in with 43,000 tons of silt and 4,000 tons of limestone silt, which Mr. Jacobsen has dredged alongside the wharf; but 17,000 tons more of limestone silt have yet to be dredged to obtain the required depth of water. The wharf is on a uniform level with the South Australian Company's and North-parade Wharfs. The total length of the Commercial Company's Wharf, including the new one, is 609 feet to the corner, and 204 feet from thence to the swing bridge. The wharf known as Levi's, from the swing bridge to the corner, has been remade as a skeleton wharf like the new one, necessitating the removal of about 13,000 cubic yards of silt from alongside the former sheet-piling. The decking is 16 feet wide, and intended for the use of small craft only. The superiority of the j . extended wharfage is to consist in 20 feet of ! water at low tide, with a sufficient depth of | piling to allow a dredging to 24 feet. One of j Anderson's patent cranes for lifting from 20 to 30 tons has been placed upon the wharf. The structure is a valuable addition to the property of Port Adelaide, and credit is due to Mr. W. Beattie, the engineer and architect, for his share in the work. It is to be hoped the anticipations of the proprietors in regard to the large capital they have laid out will be amply realized. SUNDAT-SCHOOL UNION.-On Monday evening the quarterly meeting of the Hindmarsh, Bowden, and Brompton Auxiliary of the Sunday School Union was held in the Bowden Bible Christian Chapel. There was a good attendance and Mr. James Harry presided. After devo tional services Mr. James P. Roberts gave a blackboard address. He used a sketch of a lighthouse as illustrative of the Bible, being (1) wanted, (2) well-constructed, (3) well-lighted,* and centred the whole in the text-" I am the Light of the World." The address was inte resting, instructive, and somewhat novel. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the speaker, who, in conclusion, gave a few samples of the variety possible in tlus class of addresses. ? THE CHTLDEHST'S HOSPITAZ-J-A meetmgof tha Qenerai Gommittep of this .? Children's ..Hospital ?^as held at . Mr. Tumbuil's office, Carrie-street, o|i Tuesday afternoon, AprillO; BGs Honor the ChiefJustice '(Mr. S. J. Way) in the chair. Apologiesfor ndn-attendance were received fjom Mrs1. L. G. Carter, Mrs. Campbell, Dr. Peel, and Mr "Smedley. The Treasurer (Mr. Parsons) aimoimced that he had received from all sources' ujpto date the sum of £1,725 3s. 8d. _ The Bank balance was £275 14s. 6d.,"there being <£24 3s. in hand. Of this money' there were the two amounts of £554 2s. 6d. and £500 oh deposit, j ite had received the following subscriptions since the last meeting:-His Honor the Chief ?Justice, £105; Mrs. Henry Scott, £50; Mrs. | Fred. Wright,. £44:1.0s.; Mrs. Wa Milne, £15 78\. 7d.; and Mrs. Beach, £18 life. 6cL The sum of £500 had been paid as deposit on the land purchased, and £50 had been expended on commission. The outstanding donations up to iJate were the following --Mr. B. B. Smith, £500; Messrs. D. & J. Fowler,.£100; Messrs. D. and W. Murray, £100; Messrs. Bowmm Bros. (on. the establishment of the institution), £100; and a lady in England, £10. The actual receipts amounted, to £1,829 19s. 9d. The Treasurer further stated that the Site Com mittee having decided to purchase the two acres of land offered them, he had, acting under instructions, paid the deposit, and held a receipt from the agent of the former owner of" the property, Mr. J. A. Chartier. Mr. Salom, one of the members of the Site Committee, said he considered thej land purchased fully worth the money, given for it. The property was bounded on two sides on which it was adjacent to1' private property by a good wall; there was also a cottage on the ground, which, only required a little repair to render it useful as a lodge. Mr. Tomkinson, another member of th3 Site Committee, subsequently confirmed Mr. Salom's opinion as to the purchase. Dr. Camp bell saidj he had received a letter from. the Governor, ia which His Excellency said that pressure of engagements - rendered his presence at the match between the All-England Eleven and Adelaide Muffs in support of the funds of the Children's Hospital somewhat doubtful. Sis Excellency believed, however, that the object of the match was a good one, and would consent to the announcement of his patronage. The meeting resolved to forward the thanks of the Committee to the cricketers and to Mr. F. "W. Biicke for an offer to take charge of a concert in aid of the funds of the HdspitaL His Honor the Chief Justice, Dr. Campbell, and Messrs. J. H. Angas, J. Colton, MJP., D. Murray, M.P., and E. B; Smith, having . been elected trustees of the institution, resolu tions were passed empowering them to obtain a conveyance of the property and to make the neiessaiy arrangements for the incorporation of the Hospital. Dr. Campbell moved that the hoh. medical officers be requested to inspect the site of the newly-purchased property and to ' rtecommend the steps necessary for the opening of a dispensary for out-patients. _ The mover said he thought that with very trifling alteration the cottage to which Mr. Salom had referred would be found to contain sufficient accommodation for the operations of a dispen sary suitable for outdoor pati&nts.; Dr. Curtis, : in seconding the resolution, said that Mr. Smith, chemist, of North Adelaide, anticipating the opening of the dispensary, had waited upon him and had offered to supply the necessary medi cines at half the usual price. The proposition having been agreed to, Mr. J. H. Angas moved that a deputation of gentlemen from the Com mittee wait upon the Government and request that immediate steps be taken for placing an amount on the Estimates to subsidize^ the amount raised for the institution by private subscription. The mover suggested that as the total subscriptions amounted to about £3,000 a like sum should be asked of the Government, and;he thought it would be desirable if possible to get the amount placed on the first Estimates. Dr. Curtis seconded the resolution, which was agreed to, and the meeting then resolved itself into a Finance Committee. . XXX POSTAL FACILITIES ON THE PENINSULA. Again and again complaints reach us (says the Y. P. Advertiser) of the awkward arrangement made for the mail from Moonta to Southern Yorke's Peninsula. It is the general opinion that if the mail left at each end of the line at 5 in the morning on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays there would be no loss of time, and everybody would be convenienced. At present it is the most unpleasant arrangement in the world for passengers, especially those purposing to go via Ardrossan to Adelaide, as they arrive at Maitland in the middle of the night, and have to get to Ardrossan the best way they can. We think the Postmaster-General has only to give a little attention to the matter to earn the thanks of the community. > COHIUMEHTABT DIKNEB.-A complimentary dinner was given to Dr. A. Vonnida at the Yorke Hotel, Yorketown, on Thursday, April 5, at which Mr. L. H. Giles, J J., presided, and upwards of 60 persons attended. After the usual loyal toasts were duly honoured, "The Governor," "Legislative Council," and "Par liament" were proposed and responded to. The Chairman then proposed the_ health of the guest (Dr. Vonnida) in a eulogistic speech, and Mr. J. Gottschalck, J.P., warmly supported the toast. Dr. Vonnida responded inafewappro priate words, and on resuming his seat was enthusiastically cheered. After some music and more toasts, the dinner-party broke up. VEHICLE ACCIDEHT.-On Monday afternoon Mr. Frank George, contractor, met with a serious accident at Blinman's Crossing, near Clare. He is contractor for the erection of a bridge at that place, and in order to afford j facilities for traffic a temporary structure was i built over the creek, with a narrow road leading I to it. Mr. George was on this side road speaking to Mr. Abbott, commercial traveller for Messrs. Harrold Bros. At the same time Mi . Schmerle, farmer, of near Auburn, was approaching the place with a wagon and five horses, when the animals took fright and bolted. Mr. Abbott drew as much as possible to one side, but the I runaways followed in the same course, and ' before Mr. George could get out of the way he ; was knocked down, the horses passing over him. The trap was overturned and smashed, but Mr. ! Abbott miraculously escaped uninjured. Mr. I George was at once conveyed to Ford's Hotel, [ Clare, where he was attended to by Dr. Bain, who found that his left arm was broken above I the elbow. His right thumb was also broken, I and one of the bones of his right foot injured. The sufferer is progressing favourably, and t.Vinnnfh much bruised, nothing very serious is anticipated. i TBEOTI CHTOCH SCHOOL.-The annual treat of this school was held on Tuesday, the 10th instant. The children numbering about 300 with their teachers assembled in the school room,;and after singing and prayer they were seated in the omnibuses to take them to Torrehs Park, the spot selected for holding the fete, which was reached shortly before 11 o'clock, and the children soon dispersed them selves; over the beautiful grounds. An ample lunch,was provided, and games ofjvarious kinds were indulged in with great zest, a number of prizes for races, &c.;, being given, including a silver i cup to the higest scorer in pricket. Fruit and confectionary were likewise plentifully supplied, and after tea, which took place oa the grounds at 4 o'cloek, the children -were assembled to give three hearty cheers for Mr. Smith, who had kindly granted the use of his park, after which a start was made for home. When all had returned to the schoolroom three cheers were given for the Bev. Mr. Reid, and likewise for the teachers, Mid the scholars departed for their homes thoroughly satisfied and pleased with their day's enjoyment. THE HULK FITZJAMES.-The Chief Secretary has forwarded to us, with his compliments, a copy of a letter addressed to him by the medical officer in charge of the Fitzjames. It is dated Port Adelaide, April 8, 1877, and is as follows; "Sir—A leading article having appeared in the Register on April the 5th reflecting in very strong terms upon the manner in which the quarantine regulations had been carried out on board the Hulk Fitzjames, and citing instances in which gross infraction of quarantine regula- tions had occurred, I beg to inform you that as either myself or the Head Keeper were always present upon occasions when boats came alongside such breaches of quarantine regula- tions as described in the article alluded to did not occur.—I have, &c.;, Geo. WORTHINGTON, L.R.C.S., Surgeon in charge of Hulk Fitz- james." We cannot compliment Dr. Worthing ton upon the force of his reasoning, which is certainly not on a par with the boldness of his denial. We still believe that our complaints had a substantial foundation, and we invite Dr. Worthington to explain why, if this was not the case, the rules observed were much more rigid after a day or two than when the passen- gers were first put on board. NEW SCHOOLS.-At the usual weekly meeting of the Council of Education, held on Monday last, tenders were accepted lor building new schoolhouses at Narridy (£750) and Blyth (£740 3s. 9d.). A tender was also accepted for piairing additions to school at Rose worthy, the cost o£ tfuch mUbe £315 iSst ' i Thb Shcp- ffvtxpKMtTfL-Letters hire been t»" ? ceived from the Cape advising the arrival of Hie 'Hesperus there on the 27th of February, after a 1 passage of 52 days. The. captain reports that light and head winds prevailed from the tuns, of Rearing Adelaide. The passengers, who were all well, speak in the highest terms of Captain liegoe, Mr. Odell, the chief, officer, and the general arrangements of the vessel. From a letter written by one of the passengers, we extract the following:-" I like L the Hesperus and her good captain very much. They are quite up to their very high reputation. Our passengers are decidedly above par; veiy superior to any lot I have sailed' with before. Although we have had very light winds, .and shall not makes quick passage, yet the-day? pass BO quickly no one seems to care a bit hovr long the voyage is." ; VICBBEGAX, VISIT TO THE GAOI. - Sir "William Cairns, K.C.M.G., is evidently resol ved to make himself acquainted wirh the various public institutions of the colony over which hfr has been called to preside. On Monday Hl» Excellency, attended by his Aide-de-Camp (Qaptain Haggard), paid a visit of inspection to the Adelaide Gaol, where he was met by the Acting Sheriff (Mr. Hinde),- the Under Secre tary (Mr. Josiah Boo'thby), and" the Keeper (Mr. Howell). Two hours were spent in ptumining the various departments of the prison, and Sir William expressed himself as much gratified by the. scrupulously clean appearance of the place and the excellent discipline maintained. -Oh leaving, the Governor made the following entry in the visitors7 book:-" On my first visit I am quite satisfied with all the internal arrangements, and consider that the management is . very creditable-to the various officers em ployed." RIFLE ASSOCIATION.-The annual matches of the South Australian Rifle Association will begin this morning at half-past 9 o'clock. Muff CRICKET MATCH.-A match has been arranged for April 18 between the All-England Eleven and 30 members of the MuS Cricket Club. The proceeds will be given to the Children's Hospital. YACHT RACE.-The match between the Hon. T. Elder's yacht Edith and Mr. W. H. Bundey** Zephyr, for the cup which' the latter won cjg' February 10, but did hot accept on the groundt of an accident to the Edith, was again sailed on Saturday, April 7, over the same course at the Semaphore, and resulted in the Zephyr winning. The Edith rounded the winning buoy first, 18 seconds ahead of the Zephyr, but she had to allow the latter 10 minutes for length of keel, so that Mr. Bundey's boat took the cap. The event was a closely contested and very inte resting one, although the wind was rattier too light in the earlier stage of the race. OUT or PRISON.-On Saturday morning the Colonial Surgeon, Dr. Paterson,*with the Health Officer, Dr. Duncan, visited the Fitzjaine3, and having obtained a certificate from Dr. Worth ington, the medical officer in charge, that he had examined the inmates of the hulk on the pre vious day and found them all to be in perfect health, gave pratique and announced that the inmates were at liberty to leave at once. The permission was taken advantage of by one or two of the passengers, who went off at the Semaphore. The rest remained until the arrival of the Sophia, which had been engaged in towing the British Enterprise to within a very short distance of the hulk, when they accompanied their luggage to the Port, where they arrived in time to proceed to town by the 2.30 train. A number of friends of the emanci pated prisoners were in waiting, both at Port Adelaide and the City terminus, to welcome them after their nine days of durance. CBAWPIOK ATHLETIC SPORTS.-We have been shown seven handsome cups made at the esta blishment of Mr. Davis, jeweller, of Bundle street, and intended as prizes in the forthcoming Grand Champion Athletic sports. There are also, several articles of jewellery as additional, awards which are both elegant and handsome. A' Hent TO Sub VETOES.-Selectors of land in. some of the country districts (says "Atticus") are often at a loss for a speedy method of accu rately estimating the measurements of their intended selections. A gentleman connected with the surrey camp at present in the locality of the Bass tells me of an ingenious plan adopted by a would-be settler. Procuring a -short piece of strong rope, he makes two loops in it exactly three feet apart, and fastening one round each ancle, he starts off to "walk his Hues." Ajb his strides ore limited to one yard each, neither more nor less, his calculations and measurements are seldom incorrect. This every man-his-own-surveyor method has, however, one objection, that the hobbles are likely to inter fere with that freedom of action necessary in the case of an unexpected interview with a wild bullock. GOVERNMENT Laboub BUREAU.-A gentleman from' the country who called at the Government Labour Office in Freeman-street, on Friday, 6th. informs ns that although there were on tha books the names of men requiring employment, the men themselves were not to be seen, and it was only by the clerk in charge sending to some boarding-house at a distance that their attend ance could be secured. Our informant suggests, and with reason, that those seeking employment should be in attendance at the office within certain hours, so that employers from the country who may be in need of labour may not have to waste their time in waiting until tha men are found and brought to the place. THE BBOUGHTON.-The F. P. Advertiser says: -" The feed on the Broughton is coming oa ; Ifmuiantly, and in some places it is more than six inches in height.7 SUNDAY-SCHOOL FESTIVALS. - In accordance with their usual custom, the various Sunday schools of the Anglican Church have been celebrating Easter by the annual school feast. In the early part of the Easter week the schools connected with Trinity Church, Adelaide, and Cbristehnrch, North Adelaide, had their outing. On Thursday, April 5, the children of St. Matthew's, Kensington, spent a merry after noon ion the Messrs. Reid's sections at Marryat ville.' A short service was held in the church' at 1 o'clock p.m., the incumbent, the Bev. E. Jenkin, and the Rev. S. Green officiating. A. move was then made for the rendezvous, where various games, engaged in with great spirit, made the time pass too speedily for the younj . pleasure-seekers. The school of St. Paul's, Adelaide, went on Saturday, the 7th inst., to» Bridge Park, -by kind permission of Captain Simpson, who also generously subscribed towards the cost of carrying the picnicers to their destina tion. The party numbering over 200, left town early in the morning in three large omnibuses and two vans, supplied by Messrs. R. George and Co. Arrived at Captain Simpson's picturesque grounds, the youngsters quickly broke up into groups, cricket, football, swinging, foot-racing, and the like games being vigourously indulged in. After a thoroughly enjoyable day, the conveyances refilled just before sunset, and the city was safely reached in time to allow of the children getting to their homes before dark. THE MOOMTA MINE TANK.-The local paper states that the large reservoir belonging to the MoontaMine Company contains at the present moment not less than 800,000 gallons o£ water. POET Pibie AND THE DESTITUTE BOABD RETUBITS--Our Port Pirie correspondent write* as follows:-" H anybody takes the trouble to examine the statistics of the Destitute Board int Adelaide he probably notes the altogether dis proportionate number charged to the town and suburbs of Port Pirie- disproportionate as to our present population, and doubly so in view of the fact that it is generally and rightly under stood that destitution can hardly exist here, unless induced by incapacity or disease. It is. only fair to ourselves to note the fact that Port . Pirie is a sort of rendezvous for the incapable* and incurables which may exist over a very large area of country, because it is a convenient . point of departure far Adelaide, and further, that it is much less troublesome to apply to our Mayor for the necessary pass to the Destitute Board than to run about the country hunting up. a Chairman of a District, or such other func tionary as may be empowered to supply tha necessary paper. There seems to be room for great improvement in tie way these things are managed; but we only desire at present to pro test against the imputation of furnishing such a' ? large number of applicants for assistance oa tha. grounds of either sickness or poverty." \- FEESHWATEB Xaoooks. - During the lata heavy rains in the North several lagoons were . formed by the large accumulation of water. The Northern Argus states that on the stock road, a short distance from Collinsfield, there is a sheet mile. wide, and about three feet deep i=i the centre. Only the top of the fences tan. be seen. The spot at one time was a ground for sheep, and the shepherd's hut sfill stands, but is entirely surrounded by wat -E. Water was never known tg remain an the surface at that place fctfow, LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL ELECTION.-The balloV "boxes for the various polling-places in the District of Flinders, with the exception of two, arrived in .Adelaide - on Monday and were scrutinized, the result being that Messrs. Morgan, Crozier, Baker, English, Pearce, and Hughes still appear to have received the highest number of voteB. The examination of the other boxes cannot afPect the election. Mr. W. D. Claxton, who was acting as scrutineer for Mr. Glyde, handed a document to the Acting Returning Officer, protesting against the election of any member on the ground that each voting* paper when -placed in the latter's hands had on it other marks than those required by "Hie Electoral Act. The marks alluded to are the impress of the Returning Officer's stamp, which Is put on every voting-paper by the assistant, who takes them from the box before handing them to the Returning Officer-a custom which we are informed has always been observed at Xegislative Council elections. THE New GOVERNOR OF QUEENSLAND.-Sir Arthur Kennedy and the passengers who were quarantined with were released on Tuesday, butnot without considerable objection. The Health Officer wished to inspect the passengers before giving the pratique, but to this the ladies objected, and the Governor supported them in , "their objections. After some delay and after -the Ministry had been appealed to the authority for release was issued. A grand reception was given to Sir Arthur Kennedy-the grandest it is said ever known in Brisbane. MOONTA MINES PUBLIC SCHOOL.-We hear (writes the Yorke's Peninsula Advertiser of April 10) that the site for the public schools on Moonta Mines has been -defined, and the levels were taken yesterday by Mr. Thomas Jones, O.E The locality is a little to the north-west of the Mines Institute, and between it and the Com pany's Reservoir, and is a good one in many respects. The only possible objection to it is that it is perhaps nearer "to the Moonta School than is altogether desirable. There was great difficulty in the selection of a site that would bring the school withineasy reach of the great . mass of the population, and at the same time not be too distant from one or other of the suburbs. There were only three eligible sites from which a selection could have been made, and one of these was at East Moonta, one near to Yelta, and the one now fixed upon. We think the best and most convenient choice has been made, and that the inhabitants generally will so regard it. THE Litebaby CLUB.-The opening meeting of ijbe present session of this Young Men's Mutual Improvement Society-was held on Mon day evening^ April 9, at which there was a fair attendance of members. The Secretary's report showed the Clnb to have had a successful year, the membership bung still large; while the Treasurer's statement was most satisfactory, and j exhibited a credit balance of about £4. The j Librarians' report was favourable, and a large j number of books had been circulated. The following officers were elected for the session: ] -Presidents, Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., and ? Mr. J. Whiting; Vice-Presidents, Messrs. C. ; Proud and E. S. Hughes; Secretary, Mr. F. j C. Bosher (pro tern.); Treasurer, Mr. F. C. Bosher; Librarians, Messrs. Geo. Brown and W. , E. Randell; Committee, Messrs. Naimby, Ballaus,' S. Good, W. C. Hooper, and <3\. A. Howard. A LUNATIC.-On Sunday, April 8, Lance-" ?Corporal Smith (says the Wallaroo Times) received information that a man named Robert Sims had been lying out on the beach for two or I three days, and was apparently of unsound mind. The corporal proceed to the spot, about six miles from Wallaroo, where he found Sims J lying down, reading a prayerbook, and with a j part of his clothes scattered about the beach, j Sims said he was going to stay there, and wanted to make away with himself, buthehad some food in an old kerosine tin. The constable brought him back to Wallaroo and put him into the lock-up, and on Monday the Medical Officer of the Hospital, Dr. Hamilton, examined him, bnt was unable to give an opinion of his condition at so short a notice. The man was formerly in the employ of Mr. Merritt, butcher, of Wallaroo, and had lately taken somewhat to drink and otherwise given way kto bad habits. He has been re manded for a week by the Magistrate before whom he was taken. SOUTH AUSTRALIA in 1839.-The following, which we quote from an early number of the Literary World, will doubtless be read with interest by many of our readers. It was written by Mr. W. H. Leigh, who in 1836 was appointed Surgeon to the South Australian Company's barque South Australian, which conveyed immi grants to this colony:-" Glenelg.-The situa tion of this place as a settlement will never do unless immense expense be incurred by draining. There is here on the beach a kind of hovel called a store, as empty as the pockets of the man who keeps it, and that, added to sou half-dozen miserable and comfortless-looking slab hut, is the town ? of Glerclg, named in honour of that illus trious nobleman. They find it does not Answer, and I understand are about to desert it. The four families who had fixed their ' residences here were planted pleasantly under the gum-tree, when lo! the place of their rest was surrounded in the night by a torrent of four or five feet deep, and all hands were forced to rnn for their lives. Dr. Everard, who, irom being so utterly surrounded by water, was unable to fly, got upon the table, and with his family waited till daylight, when he turned out and dug a trench in the distance, which carried off some of the fieod. He has now a kind of embankment round his hut. On the right is a swamp, filling round the remainder of his dwelling, which swarms with mosquitoes and bullfrogs that keep up their music day and night. ' Oh,' quoth the Doctor, when I visited him, 'these are the beauties of emigration.'" It is now 38 years since the above was penned, and it may perhaps call up "fond remembrances of the past" in the minds of some of our early colonists. THE MARINE BOARD.-A meeting of the Marine Board was held on Wednesday, April II. The limited age of candidates for pilot licences was extended from under 40 years to under 50 years. The Board fixed the site of the Althorpes Lighthouse, and recommended a tower 40 feet high. The scheme for lighting up the Port Creek was proceeded with as far as settling the sites for the beacons, but the subject of the colour of the lights is still under conside ration. It was stated that at the next meeting i some amendments in the existing By-laws would j be proposed. j FOOTBALL.-A meeting was held at the Prince ; AlbertHotel, Wright-street, on Tuesday evening, April 10th, for the purpose of forming a Foot- j ball Club in connection with the South Park Cricket Club. There was a large attendance, and after the election of officers and other busi . ness it was decided to erect goals at once, and a day was fixed for the first full practice. Up wards of 25 members were enrolled. SERVICE or SONG.-The service of song, entiled "Eva," was given on Wednesday evenms in the Kent Town Wesleyan Church by the Sunday-school pupils. There .was a good attendance. The various hymns were rendered . in a very accurate and pleasing manner, which reflected credit on the children and on the training they had received from Mr. Chas. Hack, who officiated as conductor. The con necting readings were delivered by the Rev. W. P. Wells, and Mr. W. R. Pybus acted as o! ganist. VITAL STATISTICS.-The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, April 7, 'Were:-Births-Males, 112; females, 114. Deaths -Males, 54 ; females, 52. Total-Births, 228; deaths, 106. Excess of births,. 120. The District -of Adelaide.-Births-Males, 20 ; females, 18. Deaths-Males, 11; females, 7. Total-Births, .381 deaths, 18. Excess of births, 20. THE DIGGINGS AT BIGGS'S FPAT.-The new rush on the Eehunga Diggings is evidently -turning out better than any other prospect yet tried in that locality. From intelligence by /telegram it will be seen that one party working there have been fortunate enough to unearth in .two days 3 lbs. 3 ozs. of the precious metal, the ?value of which is over £150. The diggers, it is ifurther stated, are in good spirits. We should imagine they were. FIRE AT R.raiim.T..-On Monday, April 9, about 10.30 p.m., a fire occurred in the township of Hedhill on the property of Mr. J. Flavel. It appeals that he left his house about half an hour .before the fire occurred, when all appeared to be safe* but shortly after 10.30 the house was all isblAe. The house of Mr. Hansenn adjoiniiJg, tend built of the same material (weatherboard v*as pulled down just as the fire was catching j thff roof, thanks to the numerous neighbours who arrived on the scene in time to save all his famii^e. Flavel's house and all his furniture were and it is reported that some valuable documents, bank-notes, &c.;, were also" lost. Gri^t sympathy is felt for Mr. I lavel, but t!'be property is said to be insured. SUPERANNUATED CrSTL SHBYANTS.-A pUS* graph bearing the above heading appeared in the Kapitida Herald oi April 10, in which it was stated that circular letters had bees addressed to all those members of the. South Australiaa, Civil Service who tav* been T °®®« .for upwards of 20 years calling upon them to resign or retire in accordance withtheregulatwns. It also said that the name of Mr. John Carroll, who has for many years, been Stotionmasterat was included in the list of those who -were thus deprived of their offices. We have lieard ir-m«»n«iHy within the last few days that Mr. W. 0. Kowell, the Stationmaster at the Adelaide terminus, had received notice that his services would not be required after a certain date, and Mr. C. F.' Calf's name has -also been mentioned as being among those -who were to be dismissed; . hut it 'was not imagined that any order such as that indicated by the Herald had been issued. On enquiry we were informed that no such general circular had Been issued, but that the Commissioner of Public "Works having called upon Mr. Pendleton, the newly-appointed General Traffic Manager, for a report as to how he considered the Railway Department could be most efficiently and economically worked, th^t gentleman had indicated the names of several of the officers whom he thought could be dispensed with without affecting the efficiency of the service. Tfia recommendations having been considered by the Government several officials Vin/I received notice that they would be called on to retire, or that their services would not be longer required after the end of the quarter. DOMESTIC SERVANTS.-'We take the following from the Kapunda Herald:-" It will be remem bered that shortly after Mr. B. J. Day's return bom England a Ladies' Committee was formed in this town with a view of getting out a number of girls snitable for domestic servants. Subse quently Mrs. Rertner (as Hon. Sec.) and Mr. R. J. Day communicated with the Rev. Mr. Grea torei, of London, as to obtaining girls from his orphanage. By the last English mail Mr. Day received the following note on this subject from Mr. Greatorex:-1 St. Paul's "Vicarage, London Docks, January 24. Dear Mr. Day-Your letter arrived during my absence. I have been to San Francisco, California, as I had overworked my brain and had to seek rest; otherwise your letter would have been answered earlier. I ain glad you have a Ladies' Committee, so that when I have some young girls to send out there will be some one to communicate with. My own orphan children are becoming known, and I have now application for those few who are nearly ready for service. I shall, however, the subject known, and I dare say shall be able to find some young folks before long. I hope you had a pleasant passage out.-Sincerely yours, Dan. Greatorex.' P.S. I find from your first letter that the Commissioner will pay the passage-money." POET ELLIOT LITEEAEY ASSOCIATION.-The first business meeting for the season 1877 was hdd in the district schoolroom on Monday evening, April 9, when the retiring President, Mr. C. H. Hussey, announced that he did not purpose standing for re-election, his^ other business engagements requiring his individual attention. He retired, however, with satisfac tion for two reasons. He had seen the Society fairly and successfully established, and had suc ceeded in obtaining the services of a much abler man to carry on the work. He had great pleasure in stating that the Rev. E. T. Howell, m,, had cossented to be President if elected, andihe was sure his election would be unanimous. The-.foliowing officers were then duly elected: President, Rev. E. X. Howell, M.A. j Vice President, Mr. C. H. Hussey; Secretary, Mr. E. A. Anstey (re- elected pro tern.); Treasurer, Mr. "W. O. K. Dent (re-elected) ; Committee, Messrs. "W. Boxall, R. Dodd, jun., S. J. Trigg, H. H. Hussey, F. Rouse, and AV. Wiallis. It was also resolved that the quarterly fee of Is. should apply to all members, and not to tlie adult members only as before, and that members be admitted by proposition and .Section Jas hitherto. It is confidently anticipated that a pleasurable and profitable session iis Ju store £or the Society, and entertainment «ud instruction for the people of Port Eiiiot. FAEEWEIX Seemon OF t&e; REV. J. JEFFERIS. -We have received a copy, (published as a pamphlet) of the farewell sermon preached by the Rev. Jas. Jefferis at the North Adelaide Congregational Church, and the presentation and farewell addresses made to him prior to his departure for Sydney. Pbesentation TO ME. Beat: MOST.-A number of gentlemen connected with the Adelaide Musical Union assembled at the residence of Dr Peel, on Friday evening, for tlie purpose cf making a presentation from the members of the Society to Sir. Armes Eeavmoni before he left the colony, in recognition of his kindly proffered services at the sacred concert given by the Society on Good Friday. The gift consisted of a handsome gold locket, having on one side the monogram of the recipient in relief, and on the other the following inssrip- . tion:-" Presented toMr.E. Armes Beaumont by -j the members of the Adelaide Musical Union." Mutual good wishes were expressed, and a social evening was spent, SUNDAY-SCHOOL Union.- At the mouthly Committee meeting, held on Monday evening, April 9, in Stow Church Vestry-Mr. D. Murray in the chair-the Corresponding Secretary, Mr. C. Serymgour, reported that Mr. James P. Roberts bad accepted the position of Minute and Finance Secretary, and that Mr. T. O. Pear son's resignation as a delegate on account of ill health bad been received with regret. The Aggressive Committee's report was received, and Messrs. Shakespeare and Pratt named to be ' asked to act in place'of Messrs. Holmes and Pearson. The Exhibition Committee's report wa* adopted, and a letter from Mr. S. Davenport was read, reporting the purchase of a number of American, African, Indian, and Arctic views for the magic lantern. A return of the number of children of a school-going age in South Aus tralia was received from the Chief Secretary; a letter was read from the London Sunday-School Union, and a donation of £5 voted to its funds : and a number of gentlemen were named to form a Visiting Committee for Sunday-schools. ST. XAVIEB'S HAIX.-There was to have been a meeting of the Adelaide Catholic Young Men's Society in St. Francis Xavier's Hall on Tuesday evening, April 10, at which a debate on the subject of Immigration would have been carried on, but in consequence of the Rom:-*i Catholic Bishop, who was to have presided, having been summoned by telegram to Sydney by the Archbishop, the meeting did not take place. Dr. Reynolds left by the afternoon steamer. CIRCUS BUILDINGS IN THE CITY.-The Fire Assurance Association has written a letter to the City Council, calling attention to the danger and great risk to adjoining properties arising from the erection of circus and other buildings of a similar character within the bounds of the city. The letter was formally received at ves tercby'y meeting. 'GYPSUM. - Tlie Narracoorle Herald sa s ? - 1 Mr. Wm. Jones has left at our offiie a samj/t of gypsum, which he states can be found iu any quantity on the Plains. He prepared plasLe- o! paris from it, and the preparation shown by him to us appeared to have all the qualities." THE EIGHTY-ONE TON GUN.-"With regard tj the 81-ton gun, of which there have been so many eulogistic accounts, Mr. E. Sawtell has kindly shown us an article in the Navy, a high authority upon such matters, which saysj-'1 tar as it goes and in respect to the guii itseii en. trial no doubt was satisfactory; but what were the results of the explosion upon surrounding property ? All the houses within the radius of a mile were terribly shaken; windows that were closed were smashed to atoms, and even a sheet of thick plate-glass far away from the im mediate proximity of the gun was shattered. The effect upon human beings was peculiar, and 'was described by one who experienced it as closely resembling momentary paralysis. And this is not at all to be wondered at when we recollect that the; weight of the charge is 370 lbs. and that of the shot 1,700 lbs. Now, if the concussion in the open air at Shoebury ness is so great, what would it be when the gun was mounted in a confined place in a ship? We believe there can be no two opinions that it would be so enormous that there is no ship in existence, or that ever will exist, which would sustain it without injury. Her plates, not at present fastened on the best principle, must be loosened of necessity, and her complicated machinery materially deranged. ... If a £nn is made for a"_ship, surely it should bs tried in the first place on board ship. The most powerful creation of man is useless if it cannot be managed, and we believe that however good may be the result of this latest production, however good and accurate may be its range, it will always have one greater and more startling achievement in store for it-the destruction of ite friends if it finds ite way oa board ship." 