Oyeru in Extecsao. Tr being our custom to criticisc every opera company visiting Melbourne, we, deespatched our imusic?al critic to hear " II Troviraore." Being afilhcted with i, chronic thirst and an iivcn;ive geuius, he.took it in his head to present hiinself at the stage door of the Theatre R'jyal, wherte, however, the irusty jinitor barred his further progress. Having a blank card he wrote on iG the names Mr. Tenny son DtJ Vavasour (Alrgus in the corner), and nrqiresttd the doorkeeper to hand it to Mr. Harwood at once, which he did. Mr. Harwond came down. Critic : Please pardon the liberty I am taking of introducing myself; I would like a few words with you in private. Mr. Harwood : Certainly, sir. Walk upstairs. Critic: I suppose you can keep a secret. The fact is I am jnus out of Pentridue ; perhaps you know me already. You managers are fly to ev?rything ; (lowering his voice) I am the Vagabond. I would like to see how things are done behind the scenes ; do you twig ? Mr. H. (seizing him by the hand): Delighted to see yo6, old fellow; the very man I wanted, to know.. I know you won't show us up. 'P-n my soul we have had the theatre cleaned out, thor ughly. Critic: My friend, don't be alarmed, this is a strictly priva:e visit. Mr. H. (delichlted): Right, old boy. Beecher, you Mormon, bring up some champagne at once. Oritic (sotto voce): Thoight I would fetch him. This is really line champagne (laughing). Nothizg like this in Pent ridge, old bird ; but look here, Harwood, between you and me and that unopened bottle, it's all a yarn about my pulling out Gately's tooth. We fellows mu.st write something sensational. (Sighing) IHeaven forgive us, but it's hard lines to earn an honest living. Mr. H. (laughing).: Just like you, De Vavasour. Have some more champagne, old man. I suppose you really were in the surgery ? Critic: Thank you, I will take a little more. Yes, I was diliculo surgere, but the heads or the department knew who I was; so [ found everything in apple.pie order. Couldn't write anything bad of that institution. Amnt going., to try Iel bourne gaol. Consent co an order on a fraud summons, get a fortuight-twig ? find my own tucker. After polishing off three and a-lhalf bottles ount of five to his ownri cheek, our critic, clinging to the bannisters, managed to reach the bottom of the stairs, made straight for home, and wrotethe following criticism : Roederer's grand opera ~' II Trovatore" is a fizzing and sparkling produccion, and the management (H1r. 1arwood) deserve great credit.. Tim scene whera Hamlet's Ghost kills Desdamona with au air-drawn dagger was obligate prestissimo. Signora Guadagnini,. fine prma' donna, possesses a very fine basso-profoado voice, capable of tremendous effncts. Her rinforzando in the staccato movement of La ci darem mo was grand. She takes the upper G anud dropas down to the lower C like a busy B or any other E. Signora Venosta has a strong, sweet, supple, stately, scrumptious baritone, slightly sfogato in the cantabile, but deliciously diminqendo in the appoggiatura. She can spriig seven octaves and a-half; from W in • t1o g?edal clef up to A in' the sopranuissimo dolciis ime, an unprecedented feat of gymnastics. But for honey and sugar, for liquid saccharine and laryngeal neotaf, not one of the company can compare with the fair soprano, - Signor Orlandini, unless it ba the gifted contralto, Signor Fabris ; while the prompter is really excellent, and was encored after thd 1211 act. Tas quarteto between Signora Venost and Signor Orlandini knocked us into a. cocked hat. The beautiful aria deh'ontrata Alto gabbaro gabbare, La gatta ' violino; La voce 'ha spicosata Di sopra la luna; S 11 piccolo onue Ha rise vedero Tael passatempo Come '1 platteo Darlt a gamba Col cuocehiajo, was given with a forza maestosa and a brio giocondo worthy in every respect of the finest lyrical composition of the great est poet that Italy has produced. As to the choruses they are all Al, and they raised the roof several times, much to the improvement of the ventilation. What more need be said ?-Melbocrneo ? ?uch. "Did yon do nothing to resusicitato the body ?'" was recently askled of a witness at a coronor's inquest. "Yes, sir ; vo searched the pookets," was the reply. 