CORRESPONDENCE. (We do not nccess;iri*y identify ourselves with the opinions c .^pressed by our corresponden t.) THE EIGHT HOURS ANNIVERSARY. To the Editor of the ADVERTISER. Sib,—In your previous issue “ Quid Nunc’s’’ criticism on ‘‘Shipwright's" semi- adver!ise mcnt of devoting the surplus funds raised by the eight horrs anniversary demonstration to the erectio.t of a workman’s hall is in ac corda' ce with the fee'.'.ag of t?>ree-foa:ths of the working men of Willicrastown, who if re presented on the committeo the surplus funds would be applied to that purpose. Now about the distorted facts. The various trades and occupations in the town should have held meetings convened to appoint delegates to cany out the demonsration. This has only been done in one instance, and that by the shipwrights. The others were simply hole and corner meetings, with you go, you go, until they stocked the Committee with those favourable (o the Mechanics’ Institute and stamp out any attempt to have a work-. man's hall; therefore I assert that there are not six members on that committee duly a delegate to represent .any class in the com munity. At the first meeting a note was pre sented from the shipwrights certifying that the delegates whose names appeared were duly elected. No other such document from any of the members was read or presented until the fourth meeting, and1 my impression is that such documents would never have ap peared ; hut they had been challenged with the picking up of committee men in the streets. Now such credentials cannot be genuine. One gentleman in his remarks on the general funds said the idea of a work, mail’s hall in Williamstown was preposterous. This if not received with applause was re ceived in silence, except by two shipwrights. I was fully justified in raying they were ad verse to devoting any funds in.that direction and the assertion that it matters little to them whether the demonstration is a success or not is true in a financial point of view with £72 in hand and no person responsible to meet liabilities incurred in case of failure. The rumour that to celebrate the day in Mel bourne vras barely carried is correct; but the r.meridment to it was to stop in Williams town and celebrate it independently of the self-elected. “Shipwright” having a big chip in his eye thinks a large number of his fellow-townsmen have cinders, sawdust, or other material in their eyes to he half repre sented by persons outside their calling, who had the eight hours systmi thrust upon them without an effoifc on their part, and now strangles it by working extra time when e-IIcd on to do ro fo; single time's pay. The shipwrights will keep in one compact body to avcid the above errors. Now Mr Quid Nunc I am more than satisfied on the whole with yorr friendly advice and criticism; In reply to one of the coirespondents who signed him tc17 “ One of the Delegates,” if he is not a re presentative of the 1st of April, he may turn out to be something worse on the 21st of April. Another who signs himscl" “ One of the Committee” accuses “ Shipwright” or somebody with cheap advertisements. He lays hold of the cheap commodity with avidity to make m'sstntemcnts that ship wrights who go to Melbourne on the 21st re ceive tea shillings. If he said they re.eived ten shilHrgs last year in Williams! own be would be quite r'ght. Let him be generally useful in beating up lefmc.'oiv comrades to swell the ghost of the prote.sion, ana net be conjuring up la his brain e b:.nd of Intel' ' gent shipwrights to be giinned at .from the street corners ; for I tell him not one intelli gent shipwright will join h‘m on that day. Unless his brain is affected I oration him of the white elephant he is raising, and clear away the tinders before he gets blocked. No. 3 who signs himself “ Delegate.” Now Mr Pelegate who was chairman of the meet ing when you received your appointment ? How many members composed the meeting, and it took you three weeks to find your certi ficate 1 Eagli I In answer to correspondence signed on behalf of the committee hy Alex. C. Ramsay, the first part is answered in the above ; the second that four delegates from the shipwrights wete pledged not to sit on the committee if the surplus was not given to the Workman’s Hall is a misstatement. The delegates were not instructed to see their influence to get the surplus funds devoted to the hall, and report pi ogress at our next meet’ng. The fifth shipwright never appeared in committee to rcpiesent the shipwrights. One of the delegates could not attend through illness. Their secretary attended in his stead, and reported the same at the opening of four of their meet'ogs. On my retiring foom their committee or any other time I have not uttered a word of vengeance, but simply raid that I would report proceedings. That I did do in the presence of our delegates, who certified to it as correct. I dare not tiy to impose any misstatements on theshipwrights. The delegates and others approved of the letter signed “ A Shipwright ” as correct. Mr Ramsay, secretary, at the fourth meeting was accused of procuring credentials for some members surreptitiously by applying to Fore man and others, of wb’.eh he gave a. confused account. These are the documents he mvites for inspection, and he owes his position as s icretary to the getting of tae imaginary fifth shipwright’s vote on the occasion, for those who knew him seemed not to care to elect him. You-s, De., A SHIPWRIGHT. 