PROSPECTING FOR GOLD. iTfis'ito.lbe; regretted;" that: so ; much public. money should have been spent in prospecting in various .parts of . the colony without pro-: dncing any valuable or satisfactory results,* Truly, there ;iB no saying what steady. p?w§:. reranco and a heavy expendituremight in time j produce ,jn the way of gold discovery * But j so: fo? m '^'ie researches of the Statp-supported>l parties. of exploitation have ;as yet gone," *nb indication whatever has been afforded aj..to.; what may r be the; idtimatejco^t of^ any pro- , baftle &ldT;)f"lnipbtfamce. ''YCars ma'yj elapse before ;any things like; ;an extensive and, rich goldfield* may be' stvimbled over. Aiid the 'worst'<!>f'it:is, we,haVei'nc5 assurance tlitjt after -very^many^I re<»ived-il>yi\%e(.pfluntij for thcccxpcnse.to which it .Trill-' have been put. There can ] bo' 'little UaoiiblA-'thM^"ffiererJ" slill! .exist., tiny the()colony,;sfjniQ'.r fine-, ^alluvial j fields as yet, untbhched, .and.perhaps noj; very nearlj^",'.appi^achea.j.j It'' is'1 re&sPflsible; to •suppose that\i»uifterbti?i;cauntay/well worth obdning'outj isvip Ije'jfo'und, in; Gippslandy and; generally, in' ^0.1 neighlfqAopd "at the great •coast range. 'But it seems fo'take a^vast deal of limiting for,' anil, tP. judge ftoni experience,; l it may! be concluded tliat if it doos cxjstj tho chances are in favor of its being discovered by accident rather than by meaaB of sys tematic search.- ... """ ; •-It lias often been, remarked as having been a very strange tiling, that^our best fields' were air found about the" same tune. Although •this: is a ■ remarkable: fact,1 'it: is; far' from proving that ■ tho^ . rich, golden districts;tare the only ones exis^t'mi&s;^uitfcy.; The eagerness and energy;- of our early ;:'gbld diggers are nbt characteristics of 'the present population of the i colony,-r who j .have been practically; taught thatj;- gold may be', too. dearly'• bought, artd^tfaat steady employment, at fairly;' remunerative i wages, is preferable.; to 'the exciting', andlJ.not' always profitable pursuit. of .gold-hunting, in the vevy.tiest days/much, "disappointment was experie'nded.bylargenuniberso^peraons,; •after undergoing :a great-deal of. hardship, spending a'great;deal of money, apdincurring a great deal of . ill- health. Consequently the furore for prosp^ting' which possessed the whole people - of Victoria, besides, the hosts that were attracted from- other .'countries, very soon subsided.-r Men"-*s6bu came to re | cognise the fact'that' even if a discovery were made by tlieni, the .rushthat,was-£ure very 1 shortly to take' place iprevented^ffiem from reaping the reward they were anxious to secure for their^labors.^:v;Thus| "whilst the. country was sM;;;b^I%'?,e^pjrajipi» for gold, the stimulus to; exertion in that direction , languished, audj1-subsequently, the alienation ,of the lands,#om the State rendered ' prospecting," if-: not ■ an ''iinpossi bility, a work of greater' difficulty and ex pense than ever. :-There may, therefore, re main tracts'of alluvial country' Tfhich; would be well worth discovering. Although this is only a matter of surmise,; the. (probabilities aire such as to warrant the hope that, at some time. or other,' goldfidds will'be.found which will afford .employment for considerable periods to large numbers of people/and be productive of-great ^substantial benefit to the But it is .-questionable whether any very important"rresujtsr .will accrue" from the labors ' of Viiiall-' detache'd.1 parties, scattered here and thWe bver'tlie fece'of the I'cpiwtry. r It would require quite an army •of men, with aii!enoniibus .equipment; to^thorougjily test tlie whole'of the untaned portioir of the colony supposed to be auriferous. OSf/ therefore, a test is to be made at; the public>xpense, the amount voted •,by,Parliamenfe for the purpose - is simply ridiculous. It should cither be veryconsiderably' increased or the work of prospecting should be abandoned. A country side /may be examined by an efficient and energetic party, and 'iilthoughas-fair a trial as possible may be "given: by; .it: to a certain "tract, yet it is quite 'possible /that" a gold bearing district might be ; missed by a few miles."': Although 1 this-' goldfield has ''been' ;worked for .now.nearly a quarter of a century, and althpugh jprpspeoting parties have been induVtriously"engaged in searching the neigh-; borhig .'country,; there is 'reason -Wj believe that' at no very great distance from Sandhurst there are dejjosits'of ;the. precious; metal of considerable richness and of no small extent, j The ground-we allude to is hbt'easily worked, and cannot be entered ..upon.with any chance of'•success 'byKpereons of limited means. Neither do peopleipossessed^of^the necessary 'caplfel care to'venture?their-fndney .in milling upon it; because it is doubtful whether ,-the ground is what is. called " payable" or not. As ' however,: it is. a continuation of the basaltic formation which at Slalmsliury has been proved to' overlay rich deposits of gold, it! is reasonable to conclude that it; would ;prove'; highly.' profitable ;to iwork.y It follows the course of .tlie Colib'an to its juncture with tlie /Campaspe*' 'and runs .down ..the Latter 'ivatorcourse for some distance. We fully believe that ' a portion of the prospecting vote"' would . ..be^/ more beneficially ex pended >; in. this:. locality than in many others in : which . parties are at work; and,- whilst there is money available for research, this exceedingly likely part of the country ought not to be neglected. If, after all these years of working and pros pecting about Bendigo, a goldfield should have escaped notice no further off than the part indicated, how likely is it not that a small prospecting party, however diligently it may pursue its labors in hitherto unex plored districts, such as Gippsland, may pass a good field within a few miles ? Therefore, the vote should be increased, and the parties greatly reinforced and more widely dis tributed, or the attempts at prospecting, as thev are now being made, should be given up- _____ Supplement.—A supplement is published with this morning's issue. The Accident to Thl'i:.-day's Eight p.m. Train.—As we stated in our issue of yesterday, the evening train from Melbourne was late in arriving on Thursday night. The accident which caused the delay was the cracking of one of the cylinders of the engine (Xo. 70), and the train had consequently to come in with one cylinder onlv working, which, however, did not make much difference in her travelling capabili ties, as it was reported that it only took half-an honr to come from Castlemaine. Rocu&stf.r; Railway Station'.—Several ad ditions are being made about the railway at the Rochester station, from which it is quite evident the Government expect a heavy traffic during the coming season in cattle and sheep. Several side lines are bein^ laid down, and an extensive row of sheep- yards with gates opening 011 to the sideling. These works are in a for ward condition of progress, and judging from appearances will aiford ample room for a very large number of either cattle or sheep. Api'OINT-MKNT.—We are glad to hear that Mr. Cottin, who at present holds the position of city inspector for Sandhurst, and has discharged the duties in a most zealous and energetic manner, has been appointed an inspector of licensed pre mises and liquors under the new Licensing Act. AVe are n<>£ aware to what district he has been ap;.>in:ed. A Goon Balance-sheet.—The balance-sheet of the concert given in aid of Mr. John M'Piic-r son at Kangaroo Flat is published in our ad vertising columns, and is eminently satisfac tory, the receipts amounting to £33 16s., and the expenses being set down as nil. City Po'cifcB-CoBBT.—The Mayor and'Mr. R; Clark, J.P.; 'presided at this, eourt yesterday. One drunkard "Was dealt "with in the usual man ner. In the following cases orders were made for the amounts and costs stated -—Holmes, Trant and Hurst v. Parker Bros.—£2 4b., bs. 6d. costs; same v. W. C. Collins—-£3 10s. 10d., 2s. fid,.. costs,i II. .Ilohucs v. Ci. Monalian .£2 17s. 9d., 2s." Gd. coats; T. Stewart .v.. A. i Dwnmiam'Aeft H*.. 2s., lid. coaK xnth imme diate execution. Thorilas M:lrsh, eh.Arged with hBsnultiiig August Pnbst, was lined Is., witn 13s/ cost?;' In six cases there w;»* no.sppear . ance of the parties' interested, in one tlie sum mons was not served, and two were settled out of court. The charge against Mrs. Slattery, of allowing a cow to wander in a public place, was j withdrawn 1 by the police, as the troublesome animal had been disposed of; •;-ClTY Cor.NClI.. —A meeting ,of the finance ) committee'of the City Council was held yester day afternoon; There were present: The Mayor, i Crs.' Bayne, Deuovan, Clark,' Sterry. Two tenders .were received for improvements at the cattle yards; and that of P.-Kilbride, at £5S9, j ibeing' lowest, was accepted:; For work in Caledonia-street, two tenders were received, j and.that of PJO'IioughlinJ at £66, was accepted: j Only bnevfcender was received for the construc- I -rtion of *a'iiciW .manuro' pit-, :and; it-was resolved to rd-advertise :tlia 'work; "The surveyor rccoin- ] iriended t-Yat £12 be paid to P, Inglis for extra j workita his Mackenzie-street;contract. It; was,j resolTeci that the ajnoiiritshould be passed. An application was made by the secretary :of the Agricultural i Society for1 the use of the; Town Hall'cellars for tho ptorage\of" b'efcr and! wines.' A letter was read from M. Murphy, asking for. the payment iof'balance' of money due; on his' contract for.' making (v.footpath in High-street. The work; was nearly ^completed by- him; when ' it was damaged'by the-Hood--'before ithrid been, inspected by the '-wi'veybiS :: It-jy^s flgrfced, on th'fc - motioa'-of'Ofc'.rS&rry;,~ sgcrand&r; by Cr. D6novtaiJ -that' ••::tho:>Yf®^'«^t'-!;.8,,<?,"d„.be. paid. ' It:'/Tdebided.\tKat,£5 oil "channel cleaning' hbii&act; "should'' lie " reTund'ed, to J. Rosa,-y(Gt> fjenoyon wished some informatioii respiting' a l&mb; being, erected at the end of lX3arSed-&troeli;''near tlie 'three-arch bridge. The Mayor stated that the^lighting committee could noi^HeefiKe5f4vay (clcgr to'recommending^ the la^np.",TliVcom'iiuttee.theii adjourned. There :was no liieetirig of-tHe'' cdnnciL ... .Sudden Death*rrMr.,11. Strickland, acting 'cororier, lieldW inquiry yesterday afternoon at the Johnson's 'Reef' 'Hotel, California Gnlly, touahiilg the-"Heath,of Mrs. rHannali Cox, who 'expired very suddenly iiithe house of a friend -whom she- was.visiting ou Thursday.- . The de 'ceaiscd-left her home at California: Gully for the purpose of visiting an acquaintance iiamed Mrs. I M 'Caig,' who lives at the bottom • of Eaglehawk Gully. When she arrived at her friend's resi : dence she had a twig from a gum tree in her hand, .some-leaves from which she had put in .her.- mouth.: She asked for a drink of water, saying, "This atuti" (the gum leaves) "has poisoned me. Good God, I am dying." Mrs. M'Caig told ."the deceasod that she would soon be'better, to which she replied, "No, never."' Dr.'Cheyne was sent for, but the deceased died; before he arrived. Dr. Cheyne deposed that he had examined tho body, and found that the cause of death was syncope, arising from fatty degeneration of the heart, and a verdict to^ that effcct "was returned accordingly. : Where abb the Ukksiployed !—Judging from'the very slight competition for corporation "work that exists at the present time, there'is evidently not such a scarcity of labor as many suppose. On frequent occasions lately, works have had to be re-advertised, owing to. the high rates demanded and the scarcity of tonders^ and when fresh ones have been received it has often been found that there was not the least 'alteration ia '.the amounts. At the meeting of! ^he' lihanco committee of the City Council: yesterday, a tender was to have been accepted^ for excavating a new manure pit at Back CireeTij but-ifc was found that only one tender was sent in, and this was so much above the surveyor's estimate that it could, not ba accepted. The ■ work.will, therefore, have'to.be re-adrertised.j -Thefe:certainly cannofW so1 many unemployed men in our midst as is made out by some,or else there would have been a rugh for such a •contract;as.'tlife 'one' tnentionedi^MJ.tlio work which is necessary to be done is exactly suited for the class of men who would be out of work here. « ' ;u - -••-«=■•••- | Eaglf.ka.wk Police Court.—Mr. i F. K.. Orme, „ P.M.,. and,Messrs.. Hay Kirkwood and Jatnes "Anderson, Js;P.; occupied the bench at this court yesterday. A Chinaman named Ah Sue was charged with entering the enclosed garden of G. W. Froggatt, . by night, without lawful excuse, and the charge, as also previous convictions, having been proved,^ lie...was. [sentenced; to six mpntlis'.'haradabpr.] A little' 'girlj ''about' ten"' years' "of " JgS,' 'named Sarah. Mason, was charged with having stolen,two brooches,, one .gold, .earring,- four photographs, one-book,' and other articles,' value £1, the pro perty of Mary Ann Hamilton. Evidence was given which proved that the child had taken' the. articles -from-the-prosecutrix's house:_m',tKe: absence' of the latter, but the bench attributed the act to thoughtlessness, and considered that norfelqiuptu-intent had,been, exhibited." The" accu'seii was*~discharged, .li'eK njoth'erjbjeing re quired to enter into her personal recognisance, of £20, as a guarantee for the future good be havior of her daughter. There was no other busmess-before"the"eourtr ' ! Presentation.—A very pleasing and interest ing ceremony took place ou Tuesday last at St/ /Kilian's1 '"School,; M'Cratf-fitrfet. Miss .B. ' Colgaiv'who1 was about to leavVfor Raywood to take the position of first assistant at the new State, .school, recently , erected there, was pre sented on ^behalf of the assistant and pupil teachers belonging to St. Kilian's School,-with' a handsome writing desk and neatly bound album. Mr. Bartley, the head master, in making the presentation, referred to the very satisfactory manner in which Miss Colgan had performed tlie dutie3 devolving upon her, and ■ expressed- a-wish that- in her new sphere of teaching she would give as much satisfaction as she had done at the school with which she was severing her connection. After referring to Miss Colgan's abilities as a teacher, Mr. Bartley handed over to her the writing desk and album, which were acknowledged in a few appropriate remarks. The Weather.—Yesterday the weather was cool, and somewhat gloomy, but on the whole very agreeable. The late rain has done a deal of good, and fanners will be enabled to' commence their ploughing operations. Tlie thermometer registered in the shade at Messrs. Joseph and Co.'3, Pall Mall, as follows:—9 s.m., 63°: noon, 09'; 3 p.m., 6S°; 6 p.m., 61c; maximum, 71"; minimum, 53°. Barometer—9 a. m., 29*220; 6 p.m., 29*310. School of Mines.—The registrar begs to acknowledge, with many thanks, the following donations to the Californian fund :—Tho Hon. N. Fitzgerald, £10; A. Gilpin, £1 Is.; Mr. Millan, of Elaine, per Ballaral Courier, £10; E. Mueller, £0 as.; John H. Mitchell, £1; Jas. Taylor, £1. To School fund, Messrs. Mackay and Co., additional subscription, £1. Some beautiful specimens of iridescent pyrites, from a depth of 2o0 feet, presented by Mr. C. H. Corrie. An interesting collection of sea shells, in duplicate, from Able Cape, Tasmania, pre sented by Mr. E. T. Brown. Sample of good gas-making coal, with appended analysis, by Mr. E. L. .Marks. Electoral Map op Victoria.—A supple ment is given with this week's issue of the Au^trn.l'uian in the shape of a nicely-executed electoral map of Victoria, with the boundaries of tho several electoral districts clearly delined in red lines. Descriptions of the boundaries are given in tho columns of the pa_per. The map will prove very useful to all who take an inter est in tlie coming Parliamentary elections. Mr. Karl Van Damme is the local agent for the Australasian. Church of Christ.—At the evening service of this church to be held in the Temperance Hall, to-morrow, the subject of the discourse will be, " The Propitiation." Bank Ciiances and Promotion.—We under stand that the branch of the Oriental Bank Corporation. Eaglehawk. has now been made an agency, and that Mr. George Reade. who for anumber of years lias so ably and energetically conducted the business of the sub-agency, is now appointed agent of same, with increased remuneration. Whilst congratulating aud wish ing Mr. Reade every success, we are glad to note the progress of the Eaglehawk district. The Challenge Rifle Match between the Sandridge Artillery and the Bendigo Kitles comes"oif to-day at the Back Creek Butts. The conditions under which the competition takes jjlacc are—Ten men aside, seven shots each at 200, 500, and 600 yards with Martini-Henry rifles; anv position. " The first squad will com mence at S.30 a.m., and the remainder of the teams fall in at noon. Noiith-Westep.n Agricultural Society.— The fourth annual exhibition of tho above society is to be held in the Botanical Reserve, Inglewood, on Thursday the 15th March. Pkomenade Concert.—Hallas's City Band will give a grand promenade concert in the Oddfellows- Hall on Tuesday evening neU. Dancinz will commence at eight o'clock. Gospel Skiivick. —To-morrow evening agospe1 sen-ice will he held in the Masonic Hall. St. John's Chcrch.—The Rev. Mr. M'L'ut cheon will preach in St. John's Church, Forest street, to-morrow morning and evening. ST. KILIAN'S CHURCH.—To-morrow his Lord- ship Bishop Crane, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Sandhurst, will perform the ceremony of con- secrating the diocese of Sandhurst to the Sacred Heart of Jesus. A special sermon is to be preached by the Rev. Father O'Malley. ''Hayden's Grand Mass No. 6 will be rendered bv the choir, Madame Simonsen and Miss Walton taking the principal parts. As the ceeds of the collection will be handed over to reduce the debt on the Bishop's Palace, we have been requested to state that all persons going to the sanctuary will be expected to pay at least half-a-crown. THE LATE AMATEUR PERFORMANCES.— Gentle- men who took tickets for sale for the amateur performances given by the Sandhurst City Dramatic Club, on the evenings of the 8th and, 15th of February in the Royal Princess Theatre are requested to hand in their accounts to Mr. G. A. Coleman, the hon. secretary, of the club, Benson's Arcade* as earl} a •imoiiiist flio the uuiney nuw Vw afc T* sufferer, by the hre m ^^^yen, «ui a benefit the entertainments w^ro gi | balance-sheet published; rvi,-RT—-Vt this EAGLEHAWK WARDEN'S COURT.—At this court yesterday, beiore .vIr- B[ {. Fdreat lease applications of the 5T1<:«£ SSrt w.° A >« • '1L« «™«i» 'wa,S£S *A*&s;&5Ss%ssr*~ S0"\tK OF UNREDEEMED PtEDCKS.—M?®81? Jolm Kay «n,l C>.. Bt»,°n!%Ar™S',,™c'tion« o.ir received from Mr. M. tsarneti- u politon: Credit Institute, theywilImJ• 0 ^ied day hcxt, multifarious varieties of umcdcemeo. 1>1<Eastkr Fmb.-Oh Monday evening the ad joiSmeeting of the !-;n i,e heid at the Shamrock-Hotel, at nan pa ',th'CS.-A Waltzing match is to take place ! this evening in the Cavalry . ] ;c The L\te Floods at Hi7J>ti>y. A P ,,1 :■' meeting of the ratepayers in' has been convened V the presutenfc of the sh re. in compliance with arequisition, ,.to be held in the Shire Hall on Monday ovenmg next for tho purpose of taking into consideration the done to property, iri the parishes of Huntly, Bagahot, ami ■Goornong, by the continued orer (low of flood-water and sludge from tho Saml ^'dONATIONS TO THE BKNSYOLENT AsVLUXI.— The hon. treasurer (Mr. M. Tolmie, Nationa Bank,) with thanks, acknowledges receipt of £ I from Mr. G. -A. Horne, Oharlaston road; and £1 from ".A Friend, m aid of tho funds of the institute. 1 New Insolvent. —Thomas Crapper, of 3s eu borough, farmer. . Liabilities, £7o3 4s 6(1.; assets. £16 15s.; deficiency, £l36 9s. <xl • Causes—An adverse judgment, recovered y the Oriental Bank against him for ad winces made by it to, a mining company, of which he was a director, arid gave personal security for payment of advances to such company; losses in mining and sickness in family. Attorney Mr. G. E. Thomson. . ' Ass'gnee-pMr. John Hawer. Meeting (under section'53) on A\ ednesdxiy, 14th March, 1877, :atnoon. - Fatai/Gux Accident.—A gun accident, at tended with-fatal consequences occurred near Booligal ■ on Friday, 16th ult, It appears (the Deniliquin Chronicle reports), that two young men—Michael Ryan, the landlord of the Drover's Arms inn, at Booligal, and James Green. a friend—went out turkey shooting upon the day named, and while stalking a _bird the horse did not obey sufficiently well the reins, and bv hia moving startled the bird, which new awa>. Thereupon poor Ryan lost his temper, and re versing the gun, foolishly struck the animal with tlie stock. ' Tho weapon exploded lodging the contents of both barrels in the lower part of 'the unfortunate man's body, and as the gun charged with wire cartridges, the wound was a dreadful gaping fissure, from which the entrails "protruded, ; Ryan lived, for about eight or nine hours'.' ; ' ' -Layiko-a.Ghost,—During the past few days •a- rumor was prevalent in' one part of the city that some ghosts Had been seen in the vicinity •of tlie: University, and that they had taken the form of-'female figures .-in-flowing robes, and dis ported themselves' airiorigst the gloomy battle ments atter-tliei'- shades of evening had closed o'er the city. Numbers of people, intermixed with, a large assortment, of .the .larrikin elemont, ■ congregated ot several occasions in tho vicinity of the seat of learning for the special purpose of having a glance" at" the .-spectral visitants, and last night they were gratified.^ beyond their most sanpiirie]c>5>ectetibns.'L $ubrUMpector Rush received information of their desire, and sent Senior-sergeant MXay and several able-bodied constables to give them satisfaction. They found a motley crowd assembled,- and also saw a figure marching up the University avenue dressed in a petticoat and covorcd with a sheet. The con "stables immediately "gave cliase, but this ghost was .too nimble' fo? tljeih,.- -°It dropped its cere ments, vaulted over vhe paUngs, and ran across the shrubbery, whero it disappeared among the people, and was seen no more. The sheet and petticoat were captured, however, and bore evi dence of. having .been used, bysomo person or 'persons.with little regard for cleanliness. It is to be regrettedthatthe policc werenotsufficiently cautious and nimble to catch tho delinquent i whose want of brains appears to have been com pensated for byfleetuess of foot.—Sydney Echo. ' Election Items.—Election matters are en grossing'much attention iu the country districts. The Kilmore Advertiser states that, in reply to a .deputation which waited upon him to ask him to become a candidate for Kilmore, Sir John •O.'Shanassy said that he could not give a final answer until he had inspected the electoral rolls. The same paper mentions that Mr. F. R. Godfrey is likely to contest the seat in the event of Sir John O'Shauassy riot standing. Mr. Jan-.es Scott, one of the candidates for Rodney, lias retired in favor of Mr. T. Spencer, of Rochester, the nominee of the National Re form League. Mr. H. B. Daly, of Dunolly, will starid for Avoca, and it is said that Mr. James Aitken, of Banyenong, will be asked to come forward for the ininiera. ^Ir. J. H. Ivnipe has retirtd from the constituency of Booroondara in favor of Professor Pearson, who addressed the electors at the Hawthorn Town-hall on Thurs day nisht, Next Thursday night Professor Pearson will enter into a fuller statement of his views. . , A Wise Precaution.—1Those who were m the neighborhood of the boating sheds at Prince s bridge wereconsiderably astonished on Thursday afternoon, about 5 o'clock {says the Artjwf), at seeincr upwards of a dozen youths plunge into the Yarra and disport themselves in the water in boating costume. On inquiry it was found that the principal of the Scotch College was testing the swimming powers of the boys who wished to join the rowing club, as by regulation no piif.il is allowed to take part in boating until he is able to swim across the Yarra with his clothes on, a rule which is very necessary, as many accidents have lately taken" place on the river. The com petitors passed the tost with ease, many of them crossing the river several times. Mr. Davif.s and Mr. Berrt.—Mr. B. G. Davies, in reply to his letter of the 21st ult., requesting >lr. Graham Berry to withdraw with out delay the charge he had made against him as chairman of committees. ha3 received a com munication dated February 27, in which Mr. Berry, after directing attention to the ex planation contained in his previous letter of the 20th ult., goes on to say —" I perceive by notices in the press that you expect a further answer. Allow me to repeat that I have nothing fur ther to add to my former letter.—Your obedient servant, Graham Burrv.'' Mr. Davies has not vet decided what course he will now adopt. "Who can it he?—This is all the Ballarat Eveniny Pott chooses to confidc to us :—There is weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth on the Stock Exchange, over the fact that one of the very old frequenters of the Rialto is about to leave. This gentleman has received a "call" to the Bible Christian denomination at Bendigo for which he leaves in April, and the reports at his loss are not that be has found gruce and a sphere in which to labor in the vineyard of life, so much as that his genial teachings which so lo:;g have kept the Corner in awe, are about to be missed from that mark. Good, all he could he did, and his transfer is looked on by the mem bers of the Exchange as the opposite of the Scriptural aphorism, lor there the wail is "His : gain is our loss.'1 s I A Poisonous Fish.—The Sinylelon Arjus : states that bathers in the river run the risk of bein^ bitten by a poisonous fish, commonly known as the "bull- rout"' (probably a corruption : of bull-trout''). This fish is small, and said to be of a (Lark color, and its bite causes intense pain for about two hours. We heard of two bathers being bitten last week. The fish are mostlv found in quiet, unfrequented places, and thev have the reputation of being harmless till thev are trodden upon or attacked in any way. Justice D>:«'.ate».—An alarming statement comes to us (Hohart Town .Varury), on au thority which we may not dispute. It is an un pleasant commentary on Mr. Bromby's claim to .be a court of appeal from the sentences of the Supreme Court, and demands an immediate change in the law which constitutes a political oiiicer grand jury of the colony. A few weeks ago a man was charged before the magistrates in a neighboring municipality, and committed for trial. If our information is correct, the friends of the person committed, including a magis trate ct" the territory, waited on the Attorney General, whom they so earwigged that that gentleman refused to tile a bill against the per son committed by the local Bench, and this in the f-ce of evidence ths t could leave no doubt of the guilt of the person so gently dealt with. The matter challenges investigation. The vt.-rv fountain of justice is in danger. The Attorney Gen 'ral owes it to himself, to his colleagues, and to tlicountry, to make s<-.me explanation. If satisfactory, we. should lie glad so admit our error. But if the Anoniey-Geuerai refuses satis faction. we can assure hiin lie has not heard tho last of the matter. We told him and his col leagues so when they outraged public oj inion in releasing Hunt. Wo tell him and them so now. if they screen this sheepstealer from the punishment of his grime, 