The Sportsman. A Schnapper Excursion. (From the Gentleman' s Magazine.) BY RED SPINNER. DOWN in Moreton Bay, on the ocean side of the island, there lie at high water, just visible above the breakers, a group of rocks which are at once the dread of mariners and the delight of deep-Bea fiahermen. Brisbane has not many excitements to offer to the aojourner within its gates. The inhabitants apparently exhaust all their enterprise in money-making. It is almost incredible that the metropolis of a thriving and wealthy colony has no theatre better than a Bmall music-hall, and that there are no other regular amusements than the performances of an ama teur Musical Union, whose concerts, excellent though they be, are few and far between. But let it not be supposed that the Brisbanians make the fatal error of adopting the polioy of " All work and no play." Recreation, however, runs a good deal in the direction of out-of-door pur suits, in which the ladies, it is sad to reflect, can have little, if any, share. One such favorite amusement, is a schnapper party at the Flat Rock, which rock is the chief member of that brown-headed family of crags standing immov able in the restless sea. We start for the Flat Rock early on the after* noon of a glorious Queensland winter day. It is the kind of day when a man must indeed be bad in mind and body not to feel that, spite of hard times, it is something after all to be alive; some thing to possess lungs that will drink deep draughts of an exhilarating atmosphere. The true type of a Queensland winter day is a keen morning, that Bmellsof frost but bites not; a cloud less eight hours of warm sunshine, a radiant and rapid sunset over purple-tinted mountains and woods, and, with eventide, a return of the scent and feeling of incipient frost lam particular in calling attention to the loveliness of the day upon which we start, because by-and-by I shall have the opportunity of reading my home friends —friends who berate the changeable English climate—somewhat of a sermon. We start, therefore, in the loveliest of weather. The white paint of the houses—and in Queens land the hot summer is favorable to an immense consumption of white paint—is bright as the light, and the dingiest gum-tree, bathed in the universal refulgence, becomes almost a thing of beauty. The grassy heights, the undergrowths that dot them, the fenced-in allotments whose Bward has never yet been upturned, the land under cultivation, the patches of untouched bush, the clumps of banana around the cottages or large suburban residences, the numerous reaches in the river with their profusion of hill and wood—all these, with other features of what, in in a previous article, I have described as a re markably pretty river, on such a day look their best, and are freshly welcome, though to most of the party they have been for years familiar enough. The Kate, which, it must be stated, is the sole representative of the Queensland navy, is a pretty little paddle- wheel boat, but nothing like so large as one of the Citizen steamers plying on the Thames. Her chief employment is the convey ance of the mails from the Bay to the Govern ment wharf in Brisbane ; bub she is, in addition, a maid-of-all- work for the Ministry. Sometimes the Government are persuaded into lending her for pleasure trips. A number of members of the Legislature, wishing to throw aside the fatiguing cares of Parliament, coax the Colonial Secretary into lending her for a fishing excursion at Flat Rock, or a trip to the marine villages—embryo watering-places around the mainland shores of Moreton Bay. To their credit, the Government do not restrict their complaisance to the repre sentatives of the people, who have generally more or less a direct influence over them. The civil servants every now and then humbly petition for the loan of the Kate, and so successfully work the oracle that the precious boon is graciously granted. There is no fishinggenerally the first night. Flat Rock is sixty miles and more from Brisbane, and, with darkness setting in by six o'clock, it is as much as we can do to reach Amity Point in time to cast anchor for the night. The excursionists in the comfortable saloon well know how to spend a pleasant evening; cards, conversation, and books—but chiefly cards—help to pass away the time. This feature of the excursion must needs be mentioned, for it is to many a much more important elemont in the proceedings of a schnapper party than actual fishing. The schnap per is, in fact, by some made the excuse for a water picnic. Quite legitimate, too. Hence, after our return, one of the fishermen is asked whether it has been a successful expedition. " Moderately so," he replies, thinking only of the sport. "Ha I ha 1" the other rejoins, " only mode rately so ? Then who were the catering com mittee V I daresay my readers will, with a smile, call to mind certain expeditions on the Thames, where the most serious consideration of the day was the amount of bottled beer and sandwiches stowed away in the punt. Soon after casting anchor we discharge a few rockets and burn blue lights, a bit of pleasantry on our part that is at once answered by shouts of applause and laughter from the shore. Amity Point is inhabited by blacks, who assist in the oyster and dugong fishery, conducted there by a Brisbane firm ; and our pyrotechnic display ap pears to have brought them out of their bark huts, and down to the beach. Half a dozen of us accordingly go ashore in the captain's gig to procure what is very practically the sinews of war for the coming campaign—to wit, baits : to Bee the blacks around their own camp-fires; and to enjoy a quiet stroll upon the white Band uuder the Southern Cross (a miserable fraud as a show constellation, and not to be mentioned in tho same breath with our clearly defined, and chaste Great Bear), and the wonderful stars of the anti podean hemisphere. The aborigines who live upon the island are better than the vagabond specimens of their race who, in search of rum, prowl about the streets of Brisbane day after day, but even they do not give you a fair notion of the Australian abori ginal aa he is Been far away in the jn.ten.or. Aji with the Red Indians of North America, so with the blacks of Australia, a little civilisation too often is a dangerous thing. However, we are carried through the surf at Amity Point on the shoulders of good-humored natives, whose white teeth literally gleam through the darkness when no other part of their faces can be Been. One or two of them I notice gibbering rather than talking. A young, un dressed gentleman, in a well-intended effort to light us through the tall rank grass covering the low sand-hills, throws the burning brand about in a decidedly reckless fashion, and sets fire to the drier patches in several places. Around a camp fire that blaaes merrily, and oasts far and near weird shadows that would assuredly have Bet Salvator Rosa's rapid pencil in motion, crouch a couple of men motionless as statues, and per fectly nude. They Bit on the ground, with their knees brought sharply up to support the elbows, which in their turn uphold the hands on which the head rests ; and the position, strange as the statement may appear, is not without its graceful picturesqueneßS. An ordinary skin must have been scorched in such close proximity to the ruddy logs of ironbark, and ordinary eyes would have been bunded by the smoke. But the hides of our sable friends are successfully tanned by long exposure, and their visual organs are smoke dried. To dismiss these representatives of the Amity Point savage once for all, they are far gone in intoxication. We afterwards discover that a party of them have been to Brisbane in a handsome boat named the Charles Dickens, to attend the funeral of a friend, and have returned in the condition in which we find them. The huts in which the Amity Point blackß live are dome-shaped structures of stringy bark, easy to build, warm in cold and cool in bright weather, and ornamented inside with pome pretensions to civilisation. We are cordially welcomed into one hut by the chief lady of the establishment, who introduces a couple of young black women— " gins "in colonial parlance—as her nieces. These ladies are decently dressed, and the younger ones, for aborigines, are not ill-favored. The most intelligent of these two can speak excellent English, and her manners even in a white girl would be called "pretty." A few pictures from The lUuttraUd London News and Graphic are pasted over the sleeping- places, and (human nature for ever !) the hut is not without a looking-glass. We might prolong our stay, and enjoy our seat on the edge of the truckle bed, were we not driven into a hurried retreat by an attack upon our lower limbs. I once saw an exhibition in Regent-street, the object of which was to prove that the domestic flea could be trained to useful purposes. The proprietor of the menagerie, I remember, harnessed a team of fleas to a tiny carriage, and put them through a variety of as tonishing performances. If that ingenious gentle man should be now alive, in the flea business, and short of stock, he may, at a nominal cost, re plenish his exhausted stud at Amity Point, Austral hemisphere, not far from lat. 27°, long. 164°. As we are disembarking, other members of the native colony return from sea in their boat, with a fine cargo of oysters, and I will do them the justice to confess that they regard the vagaries of their inebriated brethren with looks of in ef&ble; contempt, although when, later on, they row us on board in a cranky whale-boat, which nearly capsizes us into the shark-haunted waters, they are not at all backward in asking for rum. These blacks appear to be happy and contented, but no student of the race requires to be told that nothing can keep them long in steady occu pation, or wearing the appearance of civilisation. One of the naked fellows crouching by the fire was in youth educated by the missionaries, and placed in a Melbourne family as groom. For a while he was proud of his livery and promised well, but, like all the blacks upon whom similar ex periments have been tried, he one day disap peared without a sign, wandered back again to his tribe, and here in his old age we find him in the inexpensive garb of nature. More singular than this is the presence amongst the aborigines somewhere hereabouts, and living as one of them, of an Englishman, a gentleman born and bred, a member of a noble family, once a Btudent at Oxford. He has his own hut, and comes forward to receive visitors who land at the place with all the ease of a person used to good society, but in the simple and sole costume of a straw hat, short Garibaldi Bhirt fastened round the waist with a leather strap, and—oh ! hear it not in Pall Mall —an eye-glass I Another educated English gentleman, also of high position, has lived with the blacks for ten years, in the same way adopt ing their habits without reserve. The manager of the fishery comes on board later in the evening to tell us that a young dugong has just been captured, and straightway an enthusiastic few scramble over the Kate's side, and repair a second time on shore to see the sin gular creature, out of whose kindred, some of these days, goodly fortunes will be made. There it lies upon the beach, a young female calf, weighing about 2 cwt, [and the color, bo far as I can observe it in the glare of half a dozen fire sticks, dark-brown. The dugong is becoming better known every year, but hitherto the at tempts to turn it into a remunerate commercial channel have not been so successful as they must be when adequate capital is put into a thoroughly equipped fishery. I seize the opportunity to ex amine the process (conducted, however, on a limited scale) by which the dugong captured in this part of Moreton Bay are turned to account. First comes the conversion of the fat into oil. I am grateful to say that cod-liver oil has never been a prescribed portion of my regimen, but there can be no doubt in the world that fine dugong oil posseses all the therapeutic qualities of that flesh-restorer without the unpleasant smell and taste dreaded by so many invalids. The flesh I can vouoh for as being excellent. I have tasted the bacon, and it is white, succulent, and clean-flavored —as good, in fact, as one could wish to have it. Another description of the meat, eaten cold, might pass for a cross between pressed beef and ox tongue. On board the Kate, the day after our visit to the recently-captured calf, we partook of a dish of dugong cutlets which would have satisfied an epicure, and were actually declared by some to be very tender and nicely cooked JUet de bceuf. The bides appear to be in valuable ; the leather is of excellent quality, and more than an inch thick. What will machinists s»y to that t Dugong are now principally taken in a net with immensely wide mediae. The nets are laid in subterraneous thoroughfares through which the experienced fisherman knows the crea tures will pass on their search for marine grasses; the animal becomes entangled, struggles himself into inextricable toils, and, being unable to rise to the surface to breathe, drowns. The dugong is well named the sea-cow, for its head is not unlike that of a polled bullock, though its noae is considerably broader, and furnished with a square terminal by which it may discover and crop the herbage of the marine pastures to which it flocks. The body rougly resembles that of a gigantic seal, and dugong are sometimes taken weighing a ton and a quarter. Now let us return to our party on board the dainty Kate. We sleep, some on deck, some below in the saloon, some in the hold; and though under the sunshine we might dispense with any description of coat, at midnight the thickest Ulster or pilot jacket is not too heavy. At six in the morning there are signs of movement on board ; the early sportsmen are preparing for action. Day is waiting the signal to rush im petuously upon the heels of night, and in these latitudes night has to be pretty sharp if it would clear away before the full-orbed sun is olose upon it. On this particular morning there is no sun ; a steely-blue cloud-fabric veils the blushes of dawn, and boorishly curtains off the expected brightness. The Kate, once out of the shelter of Amity Point, proves herself a remarkably frisky lass, much given to dancing to the piping of the wind, and familiarly responsive to any wave that chooses to flourish its arms around her waist. Then it begins to rain, and the sea begins to rise, and the prophets begin to prognosticate an unpleasant day, and we are, in short, doomed to fishing under considerable difficulties. My threatened sermon will be as appropriate here as elsewhere. Qood grumblers at home, be com forted with the assurance that yours is not the only land of changeable weather. In Queensland, where the climate, especially between March and July, is generally perfection, there has been during April, May, and June, and part of July in this year 1876, weather as wet, as miserable, and as changeable, as any that we execrate in the old country. To be sure, everybody is eager to explain that such a season is unprecedented in the meteorological annals of the colony, while others maintain, as the farmers used to maintain at home, that in the matter of seasons nature is quite losing her memory. The dangerous nature of the ocean bed at Flat Rook renders it impossible to anchor near the fishing-ground; the Kate, as fast as she is brought near the desired spots, drifts back again, and, as the fUh are only to be had near the rocks, the moral enforced upon us is that we must make the most of our time. And this is how we do it. Each man takes up a position, and clings to it. At his feet, and, if he be a deft fisherman, dis posed so that there shall be never a hitch, lies coiled his line, thirty fathoms long if it is to be of any service, about the thickness of a lead pencil, and weighted with three egg- shaped pieces of lead, each a pound in weight, and bo bored that the line will run freely through it. The hook is a trifle, but not much, smaller than a young meat-hook, and it is best to have it at tached with a length of overgrown gimp, or three pieces of ordinary gimp twisted. The bait is a lump of fish or meat the size of a walnut Slowly the steamer advances to the charge until you can hear the green water streaming off the rocks. Look well to the thick leather gloves on your hand, eke presently your finger will pay the penalty. It is comical to see twenty gentlemen, cabinet ministers and what not, waiting at the bulwarks, line in hand, in all kinds of expectant attitudes, eager t» heave the tackle overboard the moment the way of the Btopped steamer slackens. With splash and shout at length twenty heavily- weighted lines are speeding through the beautifully clear depths—twenty lines racing through finger and thumb at a rate that renders either a glove or a canvas Bheath an absolute necessity. Do your best in ten minutes, for no longer can we remain in such dangerous neigh borhood. What is that ? Forward there is a loud and long-sustained rub-a-dub on the deck. Is it a heavy-footed man dancing a breakdown ? Nay, it is the first Bchnapper announcing his release from the nasty, wet, salt sea, and herald ing his kith and kin, so that within a couple of minutes the entire deck echoes with, the rub-a dub of fresh arrivals. It is scarcely sport; it is next door to slaughter. Alas ! and is one come to this ? On this day twelvemonth I scored the best trouting afternoon in my life, all fish artistically caught with deli cate implements in a clear-running stream ; and here I am hauling up from the bottom, ISO feet down, a burden which taxes all my strength, and makes the perspiration ooze from every pore. Yet it is grand fun for a while. The fish bite fast and furious. Bang, bang, bang ! There is no mistake above about the bite, and no mistake below about the strike. Haul, haul, haul ! the line throwing out coruscations of silver in its rapid ascent. Soon your eye discerns, fathoms deep, an almost impalpable flashing to and fro, as if a large dish were gyrating in an eddy ; it assumes a lovely pink hue as you bring it nearer the surface, and then, in a twinkling, a burly Bchnapper of seven or eight pounds is dancing vigorously and noisily on deck. Sometimes it is a fish at every haul ; and, under those circum stances, not the least amusing feature of the sport is the spectacle of a score of excited men jumping around a score of big fish which are doing their best to convey their amazement and indignation to an unfeeling world. The achnapper is, like nearly all the fishes of these waters, beautifully tinted, and the prevail ingcolor is rose piuk, speckled with turquoise blue. It is a thick, broad-sided fellow, as if originally intended for one of the bream tribe. The redetn blance to the bream, however, censes at the top of the shoulders, where there is a bony hump, and a sharply sloping, undulating ridge of bone down to the mouth, which is horny and well fur nished with teeth. Tou deposit your game, not in the familiar creel, but in a sack bag, knowing full well that at the wharf at Brisbane by-and-by there will be an astonishing number of acquaint ances, who happen to be paßßing—just by acci deutof course—and who will somehow walk away with a brace of fish dangling from a bit of spun yarn. The echnapper is, in fact, excellent eat« ing. It does not come amiss in any shape— boiled and nerved with caper sauce, fried with egg and bread crumb, soused, and, better still, a* mayonnaise. The best of schnapper-fishing is that you leave, off contented. It is hard work ; the fish range, between five and twelve pounds; it will be a very bad visit indeed to the Flat Rock if you do not get your ten or a dozen schnappers. One of our party has five-and-twenty—much more than he can carry. My own modest " swag " of eighty pounds or thereabouts I find quite sufficient before I oast the burden off my shoulders. Our fishing lasts not more than two hours, and a large portion of that time is occupied in steam- ing, after the drifts, up to the rock again. Yet we return with 250 schnapper on board, besides other fish, making a total weight of not much less than 2000 pounds. And everybody condoles with me that my first schnapper excursion has not been particularly successful. It is no un- common thing for 600 large schnapper to be taken on one of these excursions. Luck at this, as at all other fishing at which I have " assisted," varies of course, and is distri buted in a moat unaccountable way. Here, for example, at my right is a gentleman suffering; severely from sea-sickness (for we play heavily at pitch and toss during our other sport), but who at times catches four to my one. He has nothing to do but bait his hooks, cast them over, and pull up schnapper with a " Yo, heave ho I" To my left is another gentleman who fishes carefully and well, but who never hooks a fish. Yet we are close together, and adopting precisely tha same mode of procedure. It is not, however, schnapper alone that we take. At one of our halts we catch a very strange collection of fish indeed. First, there are three varieties of the parrot-fish, shaped somewhat like a carp, colored a brilliant scarlet, and armed with four ivory teeth, protruding like a rabbit's. A small fish, the exact image of a thick-set trout in bodily form, and about half a pound in weight, falls to my share. How it could have taken tha schnapper hook is a mystery to this day; but there it is in the Brisbane Museum, admirably set up and preserved, and taking its place amongst the natural history curiosities, with its scientific name, and my own name as the distinguished donor, duly set forth in intelligible characters. The fish is designated "Diacope octolineata, family PeresideL" The colors fade somewhat after death, but I make a memorandum with fishy fingers, before it gives up the ghost, and thus it runs : "In shape not unlike a Wandle trout; fins and tail bright gamboge ; belly ditto with vermilion spots ; sides bright yellow, with four lateral Btripes of bright blue—rows of tur quoise on cloth of gold." A king-fish is also taken, a blue and white gentleman, apparently of the bonito persuasion. A perch, own brother in shape to our English friend of that ilk, only a magnificent vermilion with black spots, is an other celebrity. Two or three metallic-colored fellows have no name, so far as I can find out. During the last half-hour we have a succession of surprises. A member of Parliament calls lustily for help, and we rush to his aid. He has hooked a shark, and after a tremendous tussle the beast is landed by means of a couple of boat hooks thrust into its carcass. It is about 5 feet long, and as it betrayß an uneasy conscience, and is far too lively to be safe, it is conciliated with a well-sharpened axe. Another member of the Legislative Assembly, not to be outdone, sets up a wild hullabaloo; he too, so he avers, has a shark. It is not for me, of course, to contradict an old colonist, and a gentleman moreover who writes M.L.A. after his name, but I know that it is not a shark. You can see it is a big fish, neverthe less ; there are strong men (all senators) engaged in bringing it in, but instead of darting swiftly hither and thither, it comes up a dead weight, no more like the shark than the chub is like the pike. Its sheer weight unfortunately severs the line, and there are three blank lamenting faces near the sponson, and general laughter from the rest of the company. The lion of the collection, however, is taken by not only a M.L.A., but an honorable cabinet minister, now in England ; to his lot falls a groper of sixty pounds weight.* It is a kind of rock cod, with dark-brown leather skin, and tre- mendous head and mouth, and its behaviour while on its journey from the tranquil caves of deep ocean to the upper air convinces me that it was a groper also which the honorable member lost near the sponson. The sixty-pounder does not show an ounce of pluck from first to last, but allows itself to be hauled in as if it were its fate, against which it were useless to contend ; and the only protest it makes on deck is to open its jaws, but in a manner more indicative of an ill- mannered gape than a decided exhibition of de fiance. I do not hesitate to repeat that this groper is distinguished by its large mouth : a medium-sized portmanteau might be stowed away in it without the slightest inconvenience to the fish. After the engagement is over, the combatants clear the decks, remove the slain, put away their weapons, and resume the attitudes and pursuits of peace. So, as the engines are thumping at full speed, like steeds who smell the stable afar off, we gather together our spoil, string them on all manner of belaying-pins, rails, and ntanchions; while buckets of water soon make the decks look a little less like shambles, and more like a very modest member of her Majesty's fleet. We are very tired and very satisfied. Our shoulders ache and our fingers smart ; but there are piles and strings of fish decorating the ship fore and nft, and we light our pipes and sprawl luxuri ously about, watching the sunset, and pondering dreamily about nothing in particular, as beacon after beacon is passed, and the f tmiliar landmarks lessen the distance from home. The great, awk- ward pelicans rise from the beacon-posts and sail through the air shorewards ; they are fisher men too, and they, like ourselves, have done their day's work and are thinking about their nests. * Two years since a groper of 300 cwt was taken in the Brisbane River. A number of vine-growers, who lately arrived at Rockhampton in the ship Indus, are now on their way to Brisbane, their prospects in the North being indifferent. 