OLGA OF VASSEILVITCrl. Mine is a strange, wild story — improb able I grant, yet is uot truth often more improbable than fiction? is not fact con tinually proved to be wilder than the wildest fancy dares portray ? I, Karl Von Hempfeldt, was ever a mor bid, dreamy, speculative youth, separating myself from my fellows to pursue iu soli tude my researches iuto the mysteries which we call life and death — uot even Bcriipling to practice forbidden arts, if thereby I might attain uuio some revela tion of the dim inexplicable " beyond " which held for me so strong a fascination. It was in tho beginning of my twenty- third year that, reaching the south-western corner of Russia, I tarried for awhile with out appai ent reason — drawn thither (-0 I Buid afterwards) by inscrutable fate, or rather fortuue, to wait the event of luy life. Perched on thu rocky coast of the Baltic, was then the small seaport of Vasseilvitch, a quaint mediaeval town, whose kreuilin boldly faced the sea and seemed a part of the rugged, stern coast it protected. Crowding close within the walls »f the fortress lay the little town. All unchanged stood bouses which loug vanished genera tions had inhabited, aud if their spirits yet lingered in tho dusky corners their presence did uot disturb the living denizens. Superstitious, pious, contented, the gentle Russian accepts life placidly, be it never so hard, believing implicitly that through tho help of his friendly saints aud the aid of his priest he shall in due time enjoy his paradise above. It was a bright day in midsummer (for even iu that laud of suow they have their summers) when I arrived at the little town, but I recognised at once the presence of an all- prcvading gloom. The sun shone unheeded, the people walked sileutly through tho streets, and if by chance | friends met they spoke in low and saddened tones. Th" very children played quietly, and er.1.1- heart .-ii iud -eil .v-utld have been Ihe maiden whose eyes remained uuilimmed with tears as she passed the house over which the shadow of ilea' h lurked iu solomn silence. I soon gathered from the talk around me that this same town, now so mul and hushed, had been bur, yesterday crowded wi'h gay young folks happy iu the antici pation of a grand military hall. Then the air had been filled with merry voices, us the young limn iin-l in lidens hurried through the narrow, crooked streets, im- palii-nt, for the pleasures of thu evening, I'm- dam-ing, to the true Russian, is a satis fying anil never-ending deligliL. .Scarce had the long shadows faded into twilight, gloom ere the sound of music from the hall-room announced that the festivily Inid begun, and there from far and near hastened the guests, tho dro-c'nkies driving with mud speed, yet oveu too slowly l'nr their impatient occupants. All through tho hours of that summer night, the Hound of the music never ceased, nor did the feet of the dancers grow weary. Wm-n at last tho hall , was over, and the revellers turned reluctantly homeward, every tongue was loud iu praise of the heairifnl Oiga— she had been chosen queen of tin; hull und crowned with a wreath of white roses, as was the custom of the town. Wherever she moved a throng of brilliant officers clustered, until, loth to part, the more enthusiastic of the young men escorted her home and left her smiling and happy in her triumph. In the morning the belle of las' night's hall had been found in her innii, her ln-ad crowned with its wreath of flowers, her muslin dress falling in soft folds around her, her little hands clasped together; there; just as she had come from tho ball she sat, lovely, smiling, and dead. The mother would uot believe the cruel truth, the prayers of priests were sought, the value of sacred relies vainly tried, the favour of the Ble-se-1 Virgin invoked with tears and .pre-eilM ; tlieu, all else failing, physicians were brought that they migut try, by their v. united skili, to restore life to tie; beautiful dead form. All this aud more was recounted to me soon after my arrival, and so powerfully was my imngiiiat iou excited by the tragedy that I found ir impossible to think of any thing else. Suddenly 1 wh's asuizud with a mad impulse — what if I could carry off tho body of the dead girl anil experiment upon it. — anil the thought once entertained, speedily became n devouring desire, which silenced reason had led ine altogether cap tive. 1 shut tn. v eyes determinedly to the iliugers and difficulties in my way, indued, they hut added zest to my mad project, and set myself to plan the ways aud means of this robbery of tho dead with all the en thusiasm of my nature. Restlessly I paced tho narrow streets, but found myself ever returning to the house I would fain have entered, the house where Olga slept hot- dreamy sleep. It was an old, austere-looking building. From each of its five stories iron cross bars spread themselves out iuto clusters sup porting the house, and thus at onceserving for use as well as ornament. It was overtopped by an old- fashioned, denticulated gable, a has relief of a syren was set in ihe wall, aud though defaced by time I t-oiild fancy that the stony eyes wero fixed storuly and disapproviugly 0:1 tue, aud this glance impressed tne with a vague fear, seen in the declining daylight. Still I lingered as in a dream, gazing at these walls that told no secrets, half tempted to try and force open the massive door ; but on eil her side was a recessed pedi ment where chubby cheeked hut fierce Caryatides kept watch and forbade ray entrance. Overhead the crows and ravens flew swiftly, 11 ipping tli-ir wing; and screaming discordantly in they sought their nests for the night, and to my distorted fancy these uncouth birds seemed to he chauting a re quiem for tho dead. The day was now over, and a3 I' turned to walk away in tho deepening shadows the lamps before the holy pictures and sluines were beginning to glimmer more brightly, and the snored figures, half resembling heathen idols, looked out at mo as if they possessed u dread phantom life. Before the curtain had been drawn for the night, I had obtained a glimpse of the room. This, with my knowledge of Rus sian customs, enabled me to picture to myself the seeue indoors. Tho torches I knew were already lighted around thu bier, revealing the beautiful Olga arrayed iu a pink shroud, with her hands crossed meekly on her breast and a garland of fresh flowers ou her head- The priest ohauts the psalms for the dead, aud scatters perfumes over the body, while watching maidens cross themselves and pray for the repose of tho depurtod soul. The light of these burial torches barely reaches to the distant cornors of the lofty room, aud but faiutly illumes thu old dingy tapestry aud the portraits, ancestral aud historic, that adorn the waits. Men of fierce aspect with perukes aud steel cuirasses starred with golden nails and traversed with the broad ribbon of soiiis knightly order — high ladies in costumes of different reigns display their faded charms aud graces long gone by. One lovely young countess had retained lips of brilliant cariniue and bine eyes ol unaltered azure, and she looked out trom the depths of her .tarnished frame upou the form of tho kinswoman, aud seemed to smile her a welcome to the world of the dead. I could fauey all this painted com pany, watching with earnest, fixed gnze the mourners, the priests, the lights and tho corpse, wearing a sad smile, as if they would say, "You too shall be forgotten." Three duy< of mourning pass — as tho torches burn low fresh ones are brought — ever sounds the voice of tho priest chaut ing psalms aud prayers for the rest of the soul, while the murmur of the mourners keeps low and sorrowful uccord. Determined to carry out my plan, I waited with what patience I could com mand, until on the burial day I mingled with the throng of mourners aud entered the house, and then for tho first time I gazed upon the dead girl. Loug aud earnestly I scrutinised the lovely face, so exquisitely beautiful even iu death that a feeling of pit.y came over ine, und the impulse which bud possessed me thus far seemed monstrous. I struggled with my conflicting emotions ; awe, tenderness, curiosity, filled my breast by turns, until my agitation becuine almost uncontrollable, and I felt that I was drawing attention to myself which was by all menus to ho avoided. Yet I could nut leave the spot; the more I hated my former project, the more I Beemed drawn to tho side of this angelic creature whose loveliness, already doomed, held mo with a spell which no living woman had yet exercised upon me. Exactly what I pro posed f kucw uot, hut I followed the funeral proiossi-m as it wound its way through the streets towards tho old cathedral. | The cathedral was Bhrouded in a myste- rious darkness. The pictured saints stood dim against their gold backgrounds, and the holy tapers flickered with a iitful, yellow light upon the altar, Tin; priest, a venerable, Umg-liaired, long" braided old man, mitred like a magician, clad in a dalmatic, stiff with gold embroid ery, and supported by two acolytes, came out of the sanctuary and recited the sacred formulas in a voice senile but perfectly distinct. After he had chanted a psalm the ceremony was ended, and the procession moved toward tho sepulchre in tho outer garden. During these moments 1 had formed my plans, and while evciyone was kneeling for the concluding prayers I stole from the church, and crept silently down the iittle yard. Long cloisters stretched on either side, their arches embrowned by thu smoke and rust of centuries — uninhabited now i by monk or nun, a home only for the mourning wind or thu solitary bird. Unmindtul of the desolation, as of the by-gone grandeur, overmastered by tempta tion, I untered the open sepulchre, anil standing close in one corner was lost in the gloom. Here I remained until the long, slow tolling of the hell roused uie to a full consciousness of my position. As the de- p vibrations smote the dread silence around mo, I knew that the ceremony was over, tho mourners departed, aud I alone witli the dead! The spell of the tomb was upon mo. I moved softly, us if theso dull ears could hear, or these closed eyes could see me. With trembling, uncertain fingers I raised the coffin lid, longiug to gaze once more upon the fuce that had so enchained my fancy. So beautiful she was that my heart smote me afresh, and I could almost fancy that from every side tho voices of her dead kinsmen were threatening mo, tho profane disturber of this last sleep, with sudden vengeance. Surely it was little wonder if my sojourn in that abode of death aud decay, coupled with the reproaches of my conscience, should have tended to unsettle my reason, or to light rash impulse iuto madness. As the stillness nf midnight crept over the town the far-away murmur of the sea made itself audible to my excited senses. Themoaning lullaby quickened my pulses — a desperate courage nerved me to my task. With the superhuman strength of a mad man, us I was, I shook violently tho iron gates. Rusty and worn by time the boltB yielded, and slowly the door of the tomb opened. I looked out into the dim, deserted gar den — no signs of life or movement were descernible. Back into the dark, cold, musty vault I went, to return with the maiden in tuy arms. Carefully I wrapped my cloak about the tender form, softly I pillowed the fair cheek on my shoulder, then with many a backward, Btartled glance, half-expectant, of ghostly followers, X fl-d toward the wide, sounding sea. Tho cool, night air fanned my brow, the stars hid themselves from me, as with this strange, cold burden strained close to my heart I fled on, aud still ou. At last the cliffs were in sight. Exhausted, I sank down, still grasping my treasure, yet powerless for some moments to proceed further. The waves dashed agninst the rocks, and the white foam leaped up in huge fantastic forms like legions of ghosts ; the late moon crept slowly up the heavens, leaving a lurid trail on tho water und lighting the mad waves with a great glory, last of all, shining on the white face of the beautiful duud Olga. All glorious, terrible and unreal was the scene ; I felt myself on the boundaries of the spirit world ; the foaming waves seemed like friendly shapes beckoniug me with outstretched arms, aud iu a new transport I bent and kissed the upturned, moonlit face, then sprung fearlessly into the sea. There my recollections fail rae — I have a confused impression of struggle and grow- ing weakness— of anguish of body aud miud as tho fierce waters closed ttrouud me. surged over me, engulfed me — then name a shout, another, fights, strong grasp- iugs, and all else is blank. When at last I groped my way back to conscious fife, it was hard to separate the real from the shadowy, the actual frdm my dreams, and I was fain to ask help of the sailors who surrounded me. The story, stripped of its details, was. brief enough. Almost in the moment of my mad leap into the sea, a ship was sail ing in the moon's path of fight, and to her crew I owed my rescue from the death I had dared. Close clasped I had held my companion, so closely that it had beeu difficult to loosen my grasp. At first thu ship's surgeon hud pronounced us both dead, hut aftur hours of patient ministering the breath of fife had been won back to both. Hero I started, roused into sudden strength and recollection by that last word. "Both!" I gasped, "both!" aud thea dared say no more. The man repeated it. "Yes, both you and tho lady, sir, aud she is us beautiful as an angel, though she don't seem to he altogether right in her head yet. But maybe when she sees you again, she'll do betrer." Faint, speechless, I listened. Was Olga not dead? Were tho events of thai terrible night a delusion ? But then — how was it that she was found in my arms. The sailor waited as if giviug me time. At last I whispered, trembling, " Take me to her!" aud he guided my faltering steps, for I was yet very weak, to a corner on the deck, where, supported with shawls and cushions, I saw the dead and buried Olga, alive ! Yet, was this indeed fife, this shadowed, sileat, mute existence, wherein the great, sad eyes gazed forever into the distance, as if seeing unutterable things, and where no faintest Bmile ever crossed the pale, pure lips ? I sank down beside her. I took her chill, lifeless hand in mine. I poured out all my soul in loviug words, but to no purpose. She did not look at me. She did not listen. She only gazed on, and made no answer, gave no sign. Thenceforth every care and thought was given to Olga. Her restoration became my one hope, and I struggled hourly, yet all in vain, to break the strange, dumb spell which so chained her soul. I had soon learned that we wero indebted to a pirate for our rescue, aud as time went by, one day the captain threw open some trunks full of rich wearing apparel, and bade me take what I chose for Olga's needs, calling her my sister, as indeed they had named her from tho first. With many thanks, I dragged out costly annfuls of robes and laid them down before my love, but she, turning away listlessly from gleam ing silks and shimmering laces, chose only a nun's dress of grey serge, and would wear no other. But she was surpassingly beautiful in this garb. Her golden hair flowed in softest ripples over her shoulders, her lovely eyes were inexpressibly beseeching, when at rare intervals she could bo won to look away at the distant horizon, and it was scaicely strange that the bupeistitious sailors looked upon her as an ungel visitant. Meanwhile our ship was sailing south ward, bound to an obscure port for repairs aud supplies, so I, unwilling to land amid strangers, fearing the effect of new scenes on my poor Oiga, determined to remain ou hoard until the captain could take us hack to Vasseilvitch. Thus it happened that the mouths flew by, and still he sailed onwards. Wnat need to sny more of the voyage. .Suffice it that we neau-d our haven, and early one morning wero cautiously sent ashore, the captaiu promising not to sail until be knew the result. At last we neared tho house I remem bered so well. The stouy-cyed syren had ,uo look of welcome for us ; thu fierce Caryatides still kept watch at the door, as i Olga mounted the steps aud with trembling hand raised the heavy knocker, while I stood near breathlessly waiting the result. Thesummons brought a strange servant. He gazed at her iu stupefied silence, but uumindful of him she uttempted to pass iuto the house. By this tune tho man was thoroughly alarmed by this weird apparition, und called for help. Forth came the master, but, alas 1 he too was a stranger, and sharing at once iu his servant's terror, ho made a motion as if to thrust Olga from tho door. Alarmed for her safety, I was about to draw her away, when she turned and fled swiftly down the street. Following closely on her footsteps, I Boon found myself within the shadows of the old cathedral. Startled and puzzfed, I watched her movements as through the deserted convent garden she Bought the family tomb. What strange intuition was leading her, I knew not. Could it have been that in that home of death she had been partly conscious ? Was she even now blindly searching for that other half-remembered self ? Still I watched, and noted that as her eyes full on her own name a shudder passed over her, but just below was the freshly gravennameof her mother. At sight of this she wept. Then for the first she looked toward mo. In a moment I was by her side. I took her hands and held thorn in a strong, but tender grasp, while I told her the Btrange story of her death and return to fife, and of how I had loved her through all aud waited aud longed for thiB moment. Her hood hud fallen from her head, releasing the waving masses of her golden hair, and a- she listened to my passionate words, a flush mantled her cheeks, render ing her so lovely that I could no longer resist the temptation to clasp her in my arms und kiss her. She yielded to my entreaties to leave the hoipe that knew her no more and go with me, and so, hand in hand, wo once more wended our way toward the sea. 