.gMisi A Iptobfra "The Tndesoribable, Here it Is done; The Woman-Soul laadeth us Upward and on 1" -Second Part of Faust. vin. , " Sohi at IsBt, thank Heaven !" exolaimed I Canaria, as the door opened] letting forth a Btrnm of light and warmth into the ohillv gloom of the Ootober night. Gladys made no aniwer but an upward look, whlph seemed to utter the tender welcome he had forgotten to give; and, nestling her hand in his, let him lead her through fcfie bright hall, up the wide atairway to her own domain. '! As we return a little before our time, we must not expeot a jubilee. Look about you, love, and rest. .1 will send Mrs. Bland presently, and tell Helwyze we are oome." ' .. He hurried away, Bhowing no sign of the ennui which had fitfully betrayed itself during the' last week. Gladys watched him wist fully, .then turned to see what home was like, with eyes that brightened beautifully as they took in the varied oharms of the luxurious apartments prepared for her. The newly kindled light filled the room with a dusuy splendour; for deepest orimson glowed every where, making her feel as if she stood in the heart of a great rose whose silken petals ourtained her round with a colour, warmth, and fragranoe whioh would render sleep a "rapture of repose." Womanlike, she enjoyed every dainty devioe and suuiptuouB detail; yet the smile of pleasure was followed by a faint sigh, as if the new magnifioenoe oppressed her, or something much desired had been forgotten. Stepping carefully, like one who had no light there, Bhe passed on to a oharming drawing-room, evidently intended for but two oooupants, and all the pleasanter to her for that suggestion. Pausing on the threshold of another door, she peeped in, expecting to find one of those scented, satin boudoirs, whioh are fitter for the coquetries of ft Parisian belle, than for a young wife to hope, and dream, and pray in, But there was no splendour here; Bnd, with a ory of glad surprise, its new owner took possession, wondering what gentle magio had guessed and gathered here the Bimple treasures she best loved. White everywhere, except ? the pale green of the loftly tinted waits, and the mossy oarpet strewn with mimio. snowdrops. A sheaf of lili«s in a silver vase stood on the low ohim ney-pieoe above the hearth, where a hospitable fire lay ready to kindle at a touoh; and this was the only sign of luxury the room dis played, Quaint furniture, with no ornament except its own grace or usefulness, gave the plioe a homelike air; and chintz hangings, J fresh and delicate as green leaves soattered ] nponsnow oould make them, seemed to shut out the world, seouring the sweet privaoy a happy woman loveB. Gladys felt this instantly, and, lifting her hand to draw the pretty draperies yet closer, discovered a new surprise, whioh touohed her to the heart. Instead of looking out into the darkness of the autumn night, she found a little woodland nook imprisoned between the glasi'door and the deep window beyond. A veritable bit of th" forest, with slender ferus nodding in their Bleep, hardy vines climbing up a liohened stump to Bhow their soarlet berries, pine-needles prioking through the moss, rough arbutus leaves hiding coyly till spring should freshen their russet edges, acornB looking as if just dropped by some busy squirrel, and all manner of humble weeds, growing here as happily as when they oarpeted the wood for any careleas foot to tread upon. These dear familiar things were aa grateful to Gladys ns the Bight of friendly faoeaj and, throwing wide tho doors, she knelt down to breathe with childish eagerness the damp, fresh odours that came out to meet her. *' How sweet of him to make such a lovely nest for me, and then slip away before I could thank him," thought the tender-hearted creature, with tears iu the eyes that dwelt delightedly upon the tremulous maiden-hair bending to her touch, and the sturdy grasses waking up in this new summer. A sound of opening doors dispelled her reverie; and with girlish trepidation she hastened to smooth the waves of her bright hair, assume tho one pretty dress she would accept from Olivia, and clasp the bridal pearls about her neok; then hastened down before the somewhat dreaded Mrs. Bland appeared. It pleased her to go wandering alone through the great house, warmed aud lighted every ' whore; for Helwyze made tin's bis world, and gathered about him every luxury whioh taste, caprice, or necessity demand A marvel . lously beautiful and varied home it seamed to simplo Gladys, as she passed from pioture gallery to music-room, eyed with artless wonder tho subdued magnificence of the salon, or paused enohanted in a conservatory whose crystal walls enclosed a fairyland of bloom and ve fure. t Here and there she oarne u pon some oharao .fceristio whim or arrangement, whioh mad her smile with amusement, or sigh with pitj, remembering the reoluse who tried to oheer his solitude by these devices. One recess held a single picture glowing with the warm splendour of the East, A divan, a Persian rug, an amber- mouthed nargiUh, and a Turkish coffee Bervioe, all gold and Boariet, completed the illusion. In another shadowy nook tiukled a little fountain guarded by one white-limbed nymph, who Beemed to watoh with plaoid interest the ourious Bea- oreatures peopling the basin below. The third showed a Btudy-ohair, a shaded lamp, and oertain favourite books, left open, as if to be taken up agaiu when the mood returned. In one of these plaoes Gladys lingered with fresh oompaBiion stirring at her heart, though it looked the least inviting of them all. Behind the ourtains of a window looking out upon the broad street on whioh the mansion faced stood a Blngle ohair, and nothing more, r " He shall not be so lonely now, if I can interest or amuse him," thought Gladys, as she looked at the worn spot in the oarpet, the crumpled oushion on the window-ledge; mute witnesses that Helwyze felt draw towards his kin, and found some solaoe in watohing the aotivity he oould no longer share. Knowing that she Bhould find him in the library, where most of his time was Bpent, she soon wended her way thither. The door stood hospitably open ; and, as Bhe approaohed, Bhe saw the two men standing together, marked, as never before, the sharp contrast between them, and felt a glow of wifely pride in the young husband whom she was learning to love with all the ardour of a pure and tender soul. Oanaris was talking eagerly, as he turned the leaves of a thin manuscript whioh lay between them. Helwyze listened, with his eyes fixed on the speaker so intently that it startled the new-oomer, when, without a sound to warn him of her approaoh, he turned suddenly upon her with the smile whioh dazzled, without warming, those on whom it was Bhed. " I liave been ohiding this caprioious fellow for the haste whioh spoils the weloome I hoped to give you. But I pardon him, sinoe tw brings the sunshine with him," he said, going to meet her, with genuine pleasure in his faoe. " I oould not have a kinder weloome, Bir. I was glad to come; Felix feared you might be needing him." "So duty brought him baok a week too soon ? A poet's honeymoon should be a loug one; I regret to be the cause of its abridg ment." Something in the satirical glimmer of his eye made Gladys glance at her husband, who Bpoke out frankly " There were other reasons; Gladys hates a crowd, and BO do I. Bad weather made it impossible to be romantio, so we thought (it best to come home and be comfortable. " I trust you will be; but I have little to offer, since the attractions of half-a-dozen cities oould not satisfy you." " Indeed, we should be most ungrateful if we were not happy here," oried Gladys, eagerly. " Only let me be useful as well as happy, else I shall not deserve this lovely home you give Vs." " She is anxious to begin her ministrations, and I oan reoommend her, for she is quiek to learn one's ways, patient with one's whims, fruitful in charming devices for amusement, and the best of comrades," said Canaris, drawing her to him with a look more grateful than fond. "Fr>m that speeoh, and other signs, I infer that Felix is about to leave me to you? tender mercies, and'fall to work upon his new book; sinoe it seems he oould not .resicy making poetry when he should have been making love. Are you not jealous of the rival who steals him from you, even before the honeymoon has set?" aBked Helwyze, touohing the little manusoript before him. "Not if Bhe makes him great, and I oan make him happy," answered Gladys,' with an air of perfeot oontent and trust. " I warn you, the Muse is a jealous mis tress, and will often rob you of him. Are ! you ready to give him up, and resign yourself to more prosaio companionship ?" " Why need I give him up ? He says I do not disturb him when he writes. He allowed me to sit beside him while he made these lovely songs, and watoh them grow. He even let me help with a word sometimes, and I copied the verses fairly, that he might see how beautiful they were. Did I not, Felix ?" Gladys spoke with suoh innocent pride, and looked up in her husband's faoe so gratefully, that he oould not but thank her with aoaress, as he said, laughing "AhI that was only play. I've had my holiday, and now I must work at a task in whioh no one oan help me. Come and see the den where I shut myself up when the divine frenzy seizes me. Mr. Helwyze is gaoler, and only lets me out when I have done my stint." Full of some pleasurable excitement, Canaris led his wife aoroBS the room, threw open a door, and bade her look in. Like a ouriouB child, she peeped, but Baw only a small, bare cabinet de travail. " No room, you see, even for a little thing like you, None dare enter here without my keeper's leave. Remember that, else you may fare like Bluebeard's Fatima." Canaris spoke gayly, and turned a key in the door with a warning click, as he glanced over his shoulder at Helwyze. Gladys did not see the look, but something in his words sesmed to disturb her. " I do not like this place, it is olose and. dark. I think I shall not want to oome, even if you are here;" and, waiting for no reply, Bhe stepped out from the ohiU of the unused room, as if glad to esoape. " Mysterious intuition I Bhe felt that we had a skeleton in here, though it is suoh a little one," whispered Canaris, with an un easy laugh. "Suoh a sensitive plant will fare ill between us, I am afraid," answered Helwyze, as he followed her, leaving the other to open drawers and settle papers, like one eager to begin his work. j Gladys was standing in bhe full glare of the fire, as if its oheerful magio oould exeroise all | dark fancies. Helwyze eyed the white figure for an instant, feeliDg that his lonely heath stone had acquired a new oharm; 'then joined her, sayinat quietly " This is the plaoe where Felix and I have lived together for nearly two years. Do you like it?" . " More than I oan tell. It does not seem Btrango to me, for he has often described it; and when I thought of ooming here, I was more ouriou9 to see this room than any other." ' ' " It will be all the pleasanter henceforth if Felix oan spare you to me sometimes. Come and see the oorner I have prepared, hoping to tempt yoii' here when he shuts us out. It used to be his; so you. will like it, I think." Helwyze paoed slowly down the' long room, Gladys beside him, saying, as she looked about her hungrily " So many books! and, doubtless, you havei read them all f" "Not quite; but you may, if you will. See, here is your plaoe; come often, and be sure you never will disturb me." But one book lay on the little tableland its white cover, silver lettered, shone against 1 tha dark cloth so invitingly that Gladys took it up, glowing with ploasure as she read her i own name upon ,tho volume she knew and i loved so well. "For me? you know that nothing else would bo bo boautiful and prsoious. Sir, why are you so generous ?" "It nmuses me to do these little things, nnd you must humour me, as Felix doea. You shall pay for them in your own coin, so there seed be no sense of obligation, . Rest satisfied I shall get the beBt of the bargain." Before she oould reply, a servant appeared, announced dinner, and vanished as noiselessly as he oame. " This has been a bachelor establishment bo long that vre are grown careless. If you will pardon all deBoienoies of costume, we will not delay installing Madame Canaris in the plaoe she does us the honour to fill, "But I am not the mistress, sir. Please change nothings my plaoe at home was a very humble one j I am afraid I cannot fill the new one as I ought," stammered Gladys, somewhat dismayed at the prospeot which the new name and duty suggested. "You will have no care, exoept for us. Mrs. Bland keeps the maohinery running smoothly, and we lead a very quiet life. My territory ends at that door; all beyond is yours, I ohieQy haunt this wlnn, but sometimes roam about below stairs a little, a very harmless ghost, so do not be alarmed if you should meet me," Helwyze spoke lightly, and tapped at the door of the den as he passed. " Come out, slave of the pen, and he fed." Canaris oame, wearing a pre-oooupied air, and sauntered after them, as Helwyze led the new mistress taker plaoe, Bhy and rosy, but resolved to do honour to her husband at all oosts, Her first aot, however, gave them both a slight shook of surprise; for the instant they were seated, Qladys laid her hands together, bent her head, and whispered Graoe, as if obeying a natural Impulse to aBk Heaven's blessing on the first bread she broke in/ her new homei. The effect of the devoutly simple act was oharaoteriatloally shown by the three 'observers. The servant paused, with an uplifted oover in his hand, respectfully astonished; Canaris'looked intensely annoyed; and Helwyae leaned baok with the suggestion of a shrug, 'as be glanoed oritioally from the dimpled bands to the nugget of gold that shone against the bended neck. The instant she looked up, the man whisked off the Bilver oover with an air of relief ; Canaris fell upon his bread like a hungry boy, and Helwyze tranquilly began to talk. " Was the surprise Felix prepared for you a satisfactory one ? Olivia and I took pleasure in obeying his directions" "It was lovely 1 I have not thanked him yet, but I shall. ?ou, also, air, in some better way than words, "What made you think of it?" she asked, looking at Canaris with a mute request for pardon of her involuntary ofienoe. Glad to rush into speeoh, Canaris gave at some length the history of hia fanoy to repro duce, as nearly as he oould, the little room at home, whioh she had desoribed to him with regretful minuteness; for she had Bold every thing to pay the dibts which were the sole legaoy her father left her. While they talked, Helwyae, who ate little, was observing both. Gladys looked more girlish than ever, in spite of the mingled dignity and anxiety her quiet but timid air betrayed. Canaris seemed in high spirits, talking rapidly, laughing often, and glanoing about him aa if giad to be again where nothing inharmonious disturbed his taste and oomfort. Not till desert was on the table, however, did he own, in words, the feeling of voluptuous satisfaction which was enhanced by the memory that he had been rash enough to risk the loss of all. " It ia not so very terrible, you see, Gladys.. You eat and drink like a bird; but I know you enjoy this aa muoh as I do, after those detestable hotels,". he said, deteoting an expression of relUf ia kit young wife's face, as the noiseless servant quitted the room for the laBt time. " Indeed I do. It is so pleasant to have all one's senses gratified at onoe, and the common duties of life made beautiful and easy," answered Gladys, surveying with feminiae appreciation the well- appointed, table whioh- had that air of accustomed elegance so grateful to fastidious tastes. "Ah, ha! this little ascetio of mine will become a Sybarite yet, and agree with me" that enjoyment is a duty," exclaimed Canaris, looking very like a young Baoohns, as he held up his wine to watch its rioh oolour, and inhale its bouquet with zest. " The more delicate the senses, the more delicate the delight* I suipeot Madame finds her grapes and water as delirious as you do your olives and old wine," said Helwyze, finding a still more refined satisfaction than either in the pretty oontrast between tbe purple/ grapes and the white fingers that pulled them apart, the softly ourling lips that were the rosier for their temperate draughts, and the unspoiled simplicity of the girl sitting there in pearls and shimmering silk. V When one has known poverty, and the sad shifts whioh make it aeem mean, aB well as hard, perhaps one does unduly value these things. I hope I shall not; but I do find them very tempting," she said, thoughtfully eyeing* the new soene in whioh Bhe found herself. . Helwyze seemed to be absently listening to the musical ohime of silver against glass; but he made a note of that hope, wondering if hardship had given her more of its austere virtue than it had her husband. " How shall you resist temptation ?" he asked, ouriously. "I shall work. This is dangerously pleas* nt; so let me begin at onoe, and sing, while'you take your coffee in the drawing-, roost. I know the way; come when you will, I shall be ready;" and Gladys roBe with the. energetio expression whioh often broke through her native gentleness. Canaris held .the door for her, and was about to resume his .seat, when Helwyze oheoked him " We will follow at onae. Was I not right in my prediction ?" he asked, as they left,the room together. ' . " That we -should soon tire of eaoh other ? You were wrong in that." " I meant the case with whioh you would soon learn to love." "I have not learned yet." ? " Then this vivaoity is a cloak for the pangs of remorse, is it?" and Helwyze laughed inoredulously. " No; it is the satisfaction I already feel in the atonement I mean to make. I have a grand, idea. I, too, shall work, and give Gladys reason to be proud of me, if nothing more." Something of her own energy was in his mien, and it beoame him. But Helwyze quenohed the noble ardour by saying, coldly, " I see; it' is the old passion under a new name. May your virtuous aspirations be blest I" home a wife whoie talent, youth, aud isola tion seemed to render her peouliurly fitted for his mate. ; ' Thouyh love waBlaoklng, vanity was strong; in Canariu, and this was gratified by the oommeodatiou bestowed on the cew ornament he wore; for as suoh simple Gladys w.w considered, and Bhone wltb refleotod lustre, her fiuer gifts and graces quite eolipsed by his more conspicuous and Belf-asserting ones. With unquestioning docility she gave her self into his hands; following where he led her, obeying his latest wish, and loving him with a devotion whioh kept alive regret ful tenderness when it should have oherished a" loyal love. He gladly took har into all the gay sty-which for a time surrounded them, and Bhe enjoyed it with a. girl's fresh delight. He showed her wise and witty people whom ?he admired or loved; and she looked and listened with an enthusiast's wonder. He gave her all he had to give-novelty and pleasure j though the one had lost its gloss for him, and too muoh of the other he was foroed to accept from Helwyze'B hands. But through all'the experiences that now rapidly befell .her, GladyB was still herself; innooently happy, stanohly true, oharaofcerlstiortllyindependent; a mountain stream, keeping its 'waters pure and bright, though mingled with the Bwift and turbid river which,was hurrying it toward the sea. , Curiosity being satisfied, sooiety Boon found some fresher novelty to absorb it, "Women still admired Canarls, but marriage lessened his attractions for them; men still thought him full of promise, but were faBt forgetting (:he first successful effort wbioh had won their applause; and the young lion found that he must roar loud and often, if he would not be negleoted, Shutting himself into his cell, he worked with hopeful energy for several months, often coming out weary, but exoited with the joyful labour of oreation. At suoh times there was no proBe anywhere; for heaven and earth were glorified by the light of that inner world, where imagination reigns, and all thingirare divine, Then he would be in the gayest spirits, and oarry_ Gladys off to some hour of pleasant relaxation at theatre, opera, or ball, where flattery refreshed or emulation inspired him; and next day would return to his task with redoubled vigour. At other times his fiokle mistress deserted him, thought would not soar, language would not sing, poetry fled, and life was unutter ably " flat, stale, and unprofitable." Then it, was Gladys, who took possession of himj lured him out for a brisk walk, or a long drive into a wholeBomer world than that into' whioh he took her; sung weary brain to sleep with the sweetest lullabies of brother bards; or made him merry by the display of a pretty wit, which iipne but he knew sheoould exert. With wifely patienoe and womanly taot she managed her wiyward but beloved lord, till despondency yielded to iter skill, and the buoyant apirlb of hope took him by the hand, and led him to his work again. In the interval between these fits of intel lectual intoxication and succeeding depres sion, Gladys devoted herself to Helwyqg with a faithfulness whioh surprised him and satis* fied her; for, as she Baia, her " bread tasted bitter if ahe did not earn it." He had expeoted to be amused', perhaps interested, but - not so charmed, by this girl, who possessed only a single talent, a modest Bhare of beauty, and a mind as untrained AS a beautiful but negleoted garden. This last was the real attraction; for, finding her hungry for knowledge, he did not hesitate to test her taste and try her mental mett le, by allowing her free range of a large and varied library. Though not w soholar in the learned sense of. the word, he ,bad - the | eager, sooptioal nature which interrogates all things, yet believes only in itself. ! This had kept him roaming solitarily up and down the earth for years, observing men and manners; now it drove him to books; and, as suffering and seclusion wrought upon body , and brain, hia ohoice of mute companions | changed from the higher, healthier class, to those who, like himself, leaned towards the darker, sadder side of human nature. Law ! less here, as elsewhere, ha let his mind wander ! at will, as once he had let his heart, learning too late that both are saored gifts, and oannot safely be tampered with. All was BO fresh and wonderful to Gladys, that her sooiety grew very attractive to him; and pleasant as it was to have her wait upon him with quiet zeal, or watoh her buBied in her own corner, studying, or sewing, with the little jbasket beside her, whioh gave suoh a homelike air, it waB etili pleasanter to have her sit and read to him, while he watohed this faoe, bo intelligent, yet ao softstudied tnis mind, at once sensitive and Bagaoious, this nature, both serious and ardent. It gave a ourious charm to his old favourites when she read them; and many hours he listened contentedly to the voioe whose youth made Montaigne's worldly wisdom seem the shrewder; whose musio gave a certain sweet ness to Voltaire's bitter wit or Carlyle's rough wisdom, where pitying wonder added pathos to the melancholy brilliancy of Heine and De Quinoy. Equally fasoinating to him, and far more dangerous to her, were George Sand's passionate romanoes, Goethe's dramatlo novels, Hugo and Sue's lurid world-piotures of Buffering and sin, the haunted world of Sbakspeare and Dante, the poetry of Byron, Browning, and Poe. Rioh food and Btrong wine for a girl jof eighteen; and Gladys soon felt the effeots of Buch a diet, though it was hard to resist, when duty seoonded inclination, and ignorance hid the peril. She often paused, to question with eager lips, to'whipa wet eyes, to protest with indignant. warmth, or to Bhiver with the pleasurable pain of a child who longs, yet dreadB, to hear an exoiting atory to the end. Helwyze. answered willingly, if not always wisely; enjoyed the rapid unfolding-of the woman, and would not deny himself any indulgenoejof this new whim, though consoious that the enow-drop, transplanted suddenly from the free, fresh Bprlng-time, could not live in this olose air without suffering. This was the double life Gladys now began to lead. Heart and ,mind were divided between the two, who Boon absorbed every feeling, every thought. To the younger man she was a teaoher, to the elder a pupil ; in the one world she ruled, in the other served unoonBoiously Can aria stirred emotion to ita depths, consoiously Helwyze stimulated intellect to ita heights; while the soul of the womaq, receiving no food from either, seemed to sit apart in the wilderness of ita new experience, tempted by evil aa well aa sus tained by good spirits, who guard their own. One evening this divided mastery was i especially felt by Helwyze, who watohed the young man's iqfiuenoe over his wife with a mixture of interest and something like jealousy, as it was evidently fast becoming stronger than his own. Sitting in his usual Elaoe, he saw GladyB flit about the room! rushing up the hearth, brightening the ) lamps and putting by the finished books, at i if,the day's dutieB were all done, the even b ing's reat and pleasure honestly earned, eagarlj ; waited for. He well knew that this plea' I sure consisted in carrying Canarls away to hei b own domain ; or, if that were impossible, Bhe i would Bit silently looking at him while he r read or talked in his fitful fashion on an] 3 subjeot his master ohose to introduce, s The desire to make hex forget the husband 1 whose negleot would have sorely grieved hei i if his genius had nob been his exouae in he; ; eyes for many faults, possessed Helwyze tha 3 night; aud he amused himself by the effort f beaoming more intent with eaoh failure. As the aooustomed hour drew near, Glady b took her plaoe on the footstool before tni b ohair set ready (or Felix, and fell a musing with her eyes on the newly replenished fire. Above, the u a ignited fuel lay hlaok and rough with boro and there a dnep rift openiug to the red core beneath; while to and fro danced many coloured flames, as if bent on uome eager quest. Many fiuhed up the ubimuey, iind were gone; others died soli turily in dark cornera, where no heat fed theai; aud same vanished down the chasms to the fiery world below. One golden spire, tremulous and translu cent, burned with a brillinjoe which attracted the eye; aud, when a wandering violet flame joined it, GiadyB. followed thoir motions with interest, seeing in them images of Felix nnd herself, for chtldiah fanoy and womanly insight met and mingled in all she thought and felt. Forgetting that she was not alone, she leaned forward, to watoh what beoame of them, as the wedded flames flickered hbre and there, now violet, uow yellow. But the brighter always seemed the stronger, and the sad-ooloured one to grow more and more, golden i as if yielding to its sunshiny mate. " I hope they will fly up together, out into the wide, starry Bky, which is their eternity, perhaps," she thought, smiling at her own eagerness. But no; the golden flame flew up, and left the other to take on many shapes and colours, as it wandered here and there, till, just as it glowed with a. splendid crimsoD, Gladys "was forced to hide ner dazzled eiyes and look no more. Turning her flushed faoe away, Bhe found Helwyze watohing her as Intently as she had watohed the fire, and, reminded of his presence, she glanced toward the em pty ohuir with an impatient sigh for Felix. "You are tired," he Buid, answering the sigh. " Mrs. Bland told me what a notable housewife you ace, and how you helped her ant the upper regions to rights, to-day. I feat you did too much." " . . (2*0 6s continued.) 