AMUSEMENTS. The Victoria. The popular play of the Octoroon was Saturday night's attraction at this theatre. Mr. Dampier appeared as Wa-no-te, the Indian, and he was not altogether successful in steering clear of the error, which, by the ivay, most impersonators of dumb characters commit, of draw ing his pantomimic scenes out to too great a length. His Indian, however, if not quite a North American, was a well-dressed, interest ing fellow, and seemed to take the fancy of the audience. Mr. Holt managed, by means of unbounded gagging, to create a most amusing character out of the part of the old nigger, Pete. Little fault can be found with Scudder and M'Closky, represented by Messrs. Bartlett and Fulford, respectively. The orchestra at this theatre is still infam ously bad. This (Thursday) evening " Hamlet " is to be produced for the last time. This play has proved quite the masterpiece of Mr. Dampier's performances. A great improvement is noticeable in the King, as now pourtrayed. The Ghost, however, regardless of "good taste and stage proprieties, still takes his early morning walks abroad, with his martial mosquito net about him, and armed from head to foot with leather and prunella, instead of kingly armour. Is this Shakesperian ? By the way, why so much talking — loud and tall talking — in the lobby ? Visitors to the " Vic." go to hear Hamlet or Pegotty, etc.— not a lot of outsiders. Verb. sap. To-morrow evening Mr. Dampier gives a selection of sacred readings at the theatre. Mr. , Punch looks forward with interest to the production of " Faust" on Easter Monday, as Mr. Dampier is said to be very great as Mephis- topheles. Theatre Royal. Richard HI. was produced at this theatre on Saturday night. Should it be repeated, the members of the company will possibly in the mean while have learned their part, and then, but not till then, will their performance be worthy of serious criticism. During the present week the public have been treated to the thrilling teetootal drama of " The Drunkard, or the Fallen Saved." It is excellent in intention, but silly in execution. At least, however, it is highly moral, abounding, as it does, in pious utterances on the one hand, and denunciations of the bottle on the other, worthy of either Dr. Begg or John Davies. Mr. Chaplin, as Edward Middleton the weak-minded hero and drinker, was painstaking and successful. On Easter Monday " Faust and Marguerite" is announced for pro duction, to be followed by an elegant bijou burlesque, entitled " Prin cess Springtime, or the Pretty Little Envoy." The Royal manage ment is noted for the eare and taste displayed in the mounting and general production of their new pieces. Something worthy of public support will therefore be looked forward to. Cooper, Bailey, and Co.'g Circuk. To the rejoicement of many — old, middle- aged, and young — Cooper and Bailey have once more announced the appearance of their world-renowned Circus and Menagerie at the Haymarket Reserve. In Melbourne no frivolous objection was raised, as was the case here, to the parade of elephants, horses, camels, &c.;, &c.;, through the streets ; and not only did it prove a thorough success, giving the poorer classes an opportunity of witnessing a grand spectacle on the cheap, but no interruption to business resulted, nor was a single accident recorded. In the city of London— the streets of which are only wide enough in some parts to permit two carriages abreast — at the late Lord Mayor's procession some eleven elephants, sev ral camels, any amount of painted soldiers, and fiery untamed steeds, paraded, without opposition. Now, if the police force here is not efficient enough to keep the same order as in Melbourne, Adelaide, or narrow-streeted London, the sooner it is re-organized the better. Mr. Punch, however, is inclined to the belief that the body of the police is strong, but the head is weak. It is to be hoped that the public will not, upon this occasion, be deprived the privilege of witnessing the parade of Bailey and Cooper's Circus and Menagerie. Wilson's Monster Circus. "It never rains but it pours." Here we have, among our many Easter attractions, a second circus — Wilson's Monster Circus. Mr. Wilson, an old and popular caterer for the public, has again visited Sydney with his well-known and popular circus company. It will be remembered that some short time ago Mr. Wilson pitched his tent on the Haymarket Reserve, and there gladdened many a heart. Upon this occasion, however, his location will probably be on the ground known as Bell's Paddock, facing Hyde Park. By the way, Mr. Wil son has no wild animals with which to terrify or amuse nurse girls and small boys, but he has secured the services of several lions— not man eaters— in the persons of Messrs. Mace, Christie, and A. Hicken, sturdy professors renowned in the high schools of science and art, who will appear in rounds of astonishing characteristic attitudes, amidst, of course, rounds of applause. These lions are all highly trained and perfectly harmless. Queen's Theatre. Mr. Punch is glad to learn that Madame Duret and Mr. W. Andrews, two very respected and clever artistes have taken the little Queen's, where they intend, in conjunction with a large company, to produce the most popular pieces of the day. The names of Miss Surtees and Mr. Javares have been spoken of as likely to form part of the attraction. Mr. Punch wishes them every success. Sydney Musical Union. This very deservedly popular Society give " The Creation " on Good Friday evening, at the Guild Hall. That this charming oratorio will be well and artistically rendered Mr. Punch is certain, from the pre vious display of the powers of the members of this Society. The High Rope. The Australian Blondin's performance at Middle Harbour comes off on Saturday next. Surely Australian liberality will be all there to support Australian pluck ! 