TABLE TALK, NOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERS.-Au original tale, " The last of his.Tribe, or the Ghoat of the Grange, a true narrative of flamil. ton, by Patricint," will ahortl5y appear in the weeklyeupplemont to the Gurdian. CORRECTION.-In the notice of an adver. tisement which appeared in the last issue it was stated that Mr. T. Hudson, draper had purchased the promises of Mr. A.R. Rickard at the corner of Pezoy and Henty streetes ; this is not correct, it should have been "purchased the busines," not tho premties. A.B.C. GUIDE.--We are in reeipt of this useful publication for May. Mlesars. Gordon and Gotch, Melbourne, re the publishers. PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.- On Sumday". evening nxst the Rev. J, Bagley will preach, subject, " A startling' and extra. ordinary charge.", HOTSPUR.-D. MoEachern;. EsBq. J.p;. has been appointed Returning Officer forL Hotspur. ANTI-PATRONAGE ASSOCIATION.--We are in receipt of a circular advocating a change in the Victorian method of appointments to the civilt arvice, and berotily concur iii the object. It is full time som. sotive steps were taken to improve political pat ronage, which, as at present adminoltered, is a disgrace. PORTLAND ELECTION. - tr: BHugh McColl, Secretary for the Grand Canalris a candidate for the Portland electorate; he opens the campaign this night at Lowee Bridgewater. Mr. McColl is an active energetic man, and though late in the field, will cover a great deal of grond' before the poll takes place. ise politics are not yet announced formally, but he may certainly be included amongst the liberals. BOAT BUILDING. - Messre. William Sandry and J. Dusting announce by adver tisement a 20-ton boat, in course of build. log, fit for lightering or fishing, to be ready on short notica. To those in want of a boat of the description mentioned, the names of the builders are sufficient guaran. tee for the character and quality of the work on which they are now engaged. The material is sound aend well seasoned, and from prior experience it Is probable eas tomers will not be disappointed. HONESTY.- A young man, says a. Hotspur correspondent, the son of Mr. Bond, butcher, at the double bridge on. Hotspur road, found a purse containing £25 the other day, which he at once restored to its owner, peremptorily re fusing any reward for so doing. Thil. noble youth stated to the owner of the purse that he did no more than his duty in restoring the purse without any reward, and to many a sinneor with a saint's faee, I would say, "Go ye and do likewise." POLICE COURT.-On Wednesday, god. inst., before 3. Trangmar, Esq., J.P., and T. Must, Esq., J.P., Roger French brought. up Patrick Smith to show cause why the sum of £4 eO. Od. was not paid. The bench directed that 5ls. be paid on ist June, and a like sum monthly till comn plainant is paid in full. In the ease Keiller w. Gale £3 4s. 9d. goods sold, an order was made for £2 15a. td., fees is,, in default to be recovered by distress. Charles McKinnon charged with lea ing his wife without means of support. There wee no appearance. Case dismiesed. THE NAVVIES.-The navvies, says a conntry correspondent are a peerse gener ation, and although they are horny handed, they are thin in tihe skins, and it behodves botwhers. la?,s . otnis, and pube,,aho expect to reap wasnthey -.,w to40rso offending them. The other weer a pub. on one of the lines stuck up a placard in his bar making the ominous announcement. " Tick is dead, credit killed him," and he fancied that that obituary would change his latepenoil into a silver rouble; but when the Navval Brigade read it, they mar ched out in solemn silence like a battalion of undertakers' mutes, and shanties began to spring up by the clad soore. It is now shanty here and shanty there, esuvas stantieseverywhere, andthebroken.hbarted pub sits on an empty barrel sloging "Heliel MacCrimman." MALICIOUS INJURY.—On Thursday even- ing last, Mr. Hedditch, one of the most peaceable and best neighbours in the dis- trict of Bridgewater, had two head of cattle —a bull and cow—shot by some mali- ciously disposed person in a paddock adjoining his own land, and within half a mile of his house. It is to be hoped that some steps will be taken by the Minister of Justice to discover the perpetrator of such a wanton outrage. In fact, the people of the district should combine in offering a reward for the conviction of the person who could commit such an offence, as while he is at large the innocent may be suspected with the guilty, Had the crime even been committed to obtain meat to eat, it would not be quite so bad, but to shoot cattle wantonly, and leave them on the ground to rot, savours of agragrisn outrage, which should be stamped out at once in an enlightened age such as we boast of. THE ELECTION.-Tihe Government has constructed the new Electoral Amended Act so wonderfully that the local returning oficer for the Portland electorate, only received the writ for the Portland election on Tuesday night last, too late for publics tion in the Guardita of that date. The dilemma was so aerious, nomieations, at the latest, to be lodged this day, 4th lnst., that AMr. Trongmar was compelled, with the concurrence of the postmaster, to keep back the malt to Hamilton for half an hone on the night in question. So that the notice to candidates of a Portland election had to travel 58 miles to Hamilton, to be published there, only arriving back here late est night. to comply with theaconditiona of this eatraordinary pleoe of colonial legislation. Some time aleo, at the repuet of the returning officer, we gave in the Guardian a gratuitous advertisement of the polling places in the electorate, and now when the Government might legitl mately return the compliment for sorv ee rendered, the paying notices are tr?seferred to Hamilton, and tile greatest wonder is that the notice was not confined to Mel. bourne. ,We can only aay if other country papers have been treated in the eanmo way as the Gutrdimn, they will not have much to thank the last Parliament for. THE BLUE LAKE, MOUNT GAMBIER. A young lady correspondelont writoes r* opecting the lake scenery of Mount Gambler :-" I visited the Blue Lake on January 1, 1877, and I was struck with the beauty of the Ioko atnd scenery ourrelnding it. On the banks, which lie several hundred fuet above the. water, grow oill kitild of beontifl, wildt plnete, und trece such ts boxwood, ivy, wild ruses, and othlle. Thie Inke rtoembles a vast batin of water downi i the silu of the mounltain; when -viewed from tilhe montalnt the water in a dark, blue color, but whenl one stands down itt the eldge it is as eltinr as oryotsl, T'he wnater of the lIke is tin fathtmpbl,e and it in evidlntly thie crater of o voltcano, rome young lmena oneo made ia kind of a ptt nIttd tried to Oroas it, bult they nenrowly escaped bnlug euckad into a cave., Thiore are also sule very pretty •lkem on the opposite sido of the mountain, bott thlato could not be cowlhsrdith th Ihlue Liake.' " h 