Errors Conßeriiing Ani mals and Plants. 1 Notwitlistandingthe ¡vast strides thatscíence háa'máde^df iáte yeárs, it'is'.'cùnous' to/; note the :érrorand'Miseoncep'tíons in varïpus'pàints ofnaturaVhistbry that''still' liaBer/in many parts of this and other' countries'. .Wein ay run over a' few of ' tho ptípular . misédñceptiouH. ; Not a few'even among generally well-informed ! people still imagine 'that all Fungi are poison ous-inciudibg'even tho mushroom. , Many more take it for granted that all'serpents sting, and that the forked tongue is the wea ; pon by which' the " sting" is given ; the foot I that it is forked seeming to afford' them' con-, ' vincing proof of its déadly character. "' While the« are many among the educated elapses who' would prob»bIy be puzzled if toldj timi there were other mammals befddé» four-footed animals and man. ' ,î3 £ M ;; There are still nnwiBers of perjkn$w"je -be lieve thnt^iorW-hairirbmerseafor a time in water becomes Vivified ? and ia transformed into the curious animifknown as the hair-eel; nnd who furtherinrtfine that this, acquiring ^ea]^lujJtfle,^Jiejpme»^in.pioefjM of limn Ilia common" eel. Thia' belief is "unavefsol,"ju non g the uneducated, at least ot th el rural popula ..tioji^p, many-parts nf.thp/iniintt^-Noci»-it confined to them. We have heard it stoutly maintained by a Tory intelligent man, of good education according to the ideas*of education which were generally entertained fifty or sixty years ago; h1» only argument ; was, ona. wi th which, if he had not been'profoundly ignorant bf natural history, he could not for a moment have deceived himself.' He had Often seen; in ditches orín stagnant1 pools, a moving bair ' like thing, exactly resembling a'black' or dark I brown hair from a horse's mane, and no'doubt it wa» a living thing, and'a« ¿e/.' And the other day, we readamong tho answers to cor respondents in a weekly paper, a very good advice^to one who liad durectedinttention tv this-m^rfttarvel-^to-tiy 'the Vxpériment for himself with a.horse-bair... But for any one who aeeks information in the proper.quarter, there is'no need of such experiment ;' and the 'needful! information 'iii easily . obtained."- A few, hours «pent in i the perusal of a book or two of natural history would make any man of "common sense ashamed that he had ever for, i a moment credited such an. absurdity; The natural history of the eel, is well known ; and at no stage of its existence is it in form "and appearance like the hair- eel. The natural history of the creature called by this'name-; Oordius of naturalists- is BIRO known. It is not a fish like the eel ; it belongs to a class of parasitic worms very far below tighes, in the scale of creation.- It has no relation either to the eel or to a horse-hair. Yet the ploughman looks upon it with wonder, ns he thinks of what he believes to be its . origin ; , and the boys'of the village school, when they And it jn the gutterby the roadside br millpond, gather around it to gaze, and assure them selves by ocular observation of, tho truth bf what they have heard. Ought' they not to hear in the sohool itself what would disabuse their minds of so gross an error. . The erroneous opinion that all serpents are venomous iB'one that most probably originated with those who live in districts frequented only by the adder or viper ; but it ought not to be entertained even by the:moat ignorant of the peasantry, where the common snake is abundant, as.it is in most parts of England* There, every brie ought, to . know that the latter is harmless, arid that it is easily distinguished from the'viper; which'is'poisonous. Curiously too, the blind-worm or slow-worm,' which, 'although not now ranked .by ' naturalists among true'serpents, but 'nnibng the lizards, agrees with serpents, in general appearance, and is in many placea regarded with the utmost .dread, : being popularly ' believed to be as venomous os the viper itself. This is .the case, equally where it is common, as it is ia many parts of .England, and in Scotland where it ls rare lind found in comparatively few localities. y During the summer of 1870," says the Kev. J. Gi'Woods in his J'fuilratcrf National His.' tory, 'I'passed/'some "little time in the Now, Forest, and having gone round'to the farms in the " neighborhood, ' begged to have all the reptiles brought to me' that' were1 discovered during the hay-making.' On one occasion a laborer: came to my house bare-headed, be tween his hands he hold, his felt hat tightly erimpled .together, and .within the hat was discovered .the head of a blind worm. As il put out my hand to remove the creature, the man fairly screamed'with horror.. No argu ment could persuade that worthy, man that the reptile'was harmless, and nothing could in duce him to lay a finger upon it '; the promi nent idea in his mind being evidently, not that the1 blind-worm had ho poison; but that I was poison-proof." i Similar to tlie popular opinion as to the blind-worm is that concerning the little active 'slender lizard common in'moors,' fand that concerning the eft or newt, both of which are deemed extremely venomous, dangerous' ani mals, whilst.in reality both are quite harm lass.,, "We do not know, how far. the errpr as to .the lizard prevails in.England, but it is cer tainly yery.'/geneia'ly prevalent , in Scotland, almost'every rástié dreading what he calls ah aili, 'tliat .ii'a'' lizard, nearly., as' much /asj ¡ah adder.' And'a similar belief, equally erroneous, 'prevails in .ïràbc'é1 as'to another'speôlès of lizard.'' As to the newt; theprejudica'ag'aibs't it exists everywhere, both iri England,' arid'll h Scotland, but it appears in its most exagge rated . form' where, the .statebf-education' is ; lowest . ."During a residence of : some years , in a small village in Wiltshire,' says Mr.:Wood, , ,iO[ the, .work fi.om. whioh,, we.1 have i already quoted, I was told some, very oíd Htorioa about the 'newt, end my own', power"of,,handling those'1 terrible .creatures, without injury,'was ëvidéntly thbugh't' rather 'supernatural, j Poi, son'.was'the'least'öf its crim'eB ¡ for it was k general opinion among the'rustics' in.' charge of the'far my ard, that roy \ newts Idllé'd'á1 calf ¡at one. end of a- farm';}'a'rd',':through thè mediumship of its mother,, who saw them' id a water-trough át the other end; and that one, pf these creatures hit, a man on his thumb , as.h,ewas butting.grass in a churchyard,' .taxi inflicted great damage on, that, member. -The charge, however, was ¿ne 'whioh 1 heard from the same person. A woman, he told me', bad .gone to the-'brook 'to draw water;1 when áij effert; as he: called it, jumped out of the water, fastened on lier arm, bit out a piece of ilesh nnd, spat firo wound. . So that abe after wards lost ber arm!" ,. [ ; ..Some birds arejregnrded as of evil omen) One^does not wondor that this should be the case as to'the raven andithe owl. The color) the habité; and the hoarse croak of the raven! may be supposed naturally suggestive of .un-! pleasant thoughts ; and it is easy to under stand how the imagination may be affected hy the loud'hooting bf the owl wheu it breaks the stillness of the-niglit amidst the loneli ness of the forest. Hut in other cases where; ho such other explanation offers itself, superstitions, /seem wholly unaccountable.' Thtis^ in the north bf England, where the whéatear is not very common, the sight of it is supposed tp presage death to the spectator, : and tho country-people kill 'the bird and des-, troy« its eggs on every opportunity. 'In the North of England also, the hoopoe has. the ! reputation of hoing , an unlucky " bird. ?.' In . many, parts, of.,England it ic acoounted.un lucky to see,a solitary magpie,, but, lucky to see' twj together. One is supposed to presage "sorrow; .'two, mirth'; ' three, a wedding ; and 'fdur,'death! ' , ' ' ' ' / , . .'In mbst.parts of the'United Kingdom,' it is: deemed unlucky to kill a robin'; thè'rbd ' breast ! !of the bird being, atributed to its having been ! .sprinkled with the blood of our Lord as He Sung upon the cross; even .as I th o cross on io, back of [the assis connected in,the , ms tic mind With our Lord's entry into Jerusalem riding,upon an, aaa.,. According, to the. paper 'in the li'aokx of Da'yï, 'a qoramon saying in Suffolk is, , 'You must: not take robin's eggs ; ïf'you"do,'you will/'get ybur'iegs broken." The writer bf ' it also ' relates the' following aneedote. : " How badly you write !" I said one doy to a boy in our parish- sohool; your hand shakos so that you can't hold the pen steady. Have you been running hard, or anything of that sort ?" ,"i No/.' replied the lad ; " it always, shakes : I onjie had a robin 'die in my hand ; and .they say , that' if a robin dies' in'your hand; ît will alwayá shake." In some parts, of England ,it ia. considered , very riblncky':to have nb money in, your pookat when you hear the cuckoo for tho first- time in the season." So perhaps it/is, when' it in dicates tho usual condition of tho pocket. 1 Some insects, aa well'as birds,' are deemed ominous of ovil. There* vre many, even among educated people, who cannot hear tho ticking of the little beetle, called the death-watch, without a feeling of fear; and among the vulgar, tho belief is universal that it presages death in the, house. , And yet it is only tho male, insect knocking .his head .petinat tho 'woodwork as a signal tp hie m*te. In «omd.parts of England the elephant, hawk mp'ttf ii regarded not only as presaging, butti producing murrain. Ttie dpath's-lieud mptl iB,ijeÄrdBd with even greater (iverjiion,.iPÇhii large moth, DowheÄ*ery'eomrnpn, bismark ings on the back and thorax somewhat re sombliag a skull and crossbones ; henea i inspires a superstitious terror, and its appea Tpestilençe; and woe." Thergkost-motb inspira similar alarm.1 The female is of a dull browi ,xoIo«Jthejinflej^arf*cB^ silky whiteness. Ia the evening the mah makes his appearance, hovering over tin grass in which the female larks, often ii churchyards where the grass is green , ant luxuriant. If alarmed the insect disappear^ in an instant,'snttling on the ground ;! but by. ' and-by appears a^ain hovering over the samt spot. The ignorant rustic imagines it to' be i ghost; and even were it caught and shewn tr. him, ho would be bard to be persuaded'that it has no occult relation to the dead; ? or thai ita appearance is not oranious of evil to tht Jiving.- Perhaps the most curious of all' tl« popular superstitions concerning, insects (and we could, narrate many).is,one which pre , vails, in, Suffolk. ât.leàst, as'to bees. It ; is deemed'unlucky that' o stráy swarm''of boos should settle op your prerniseSj'uñelaimed bj ' thé owner ; it pres'ages'o'deatH'in th'e1 family within' a year. ? ,;A' popular belief in 'Suffolk ' is that it ia- unlucky to'kill a' harvestman-i ? long-legged spider, very common .ia the field! in tho autamnT-ibeoauso if you do kill on« there.will be a" bad harvest. .. , i Some other errors in the natural history ol animals have been lang and widoly prevalent, .but have, no superstitions connected witt them. It is a common, but a purely. erroné, out belief that the goatsucker and the hedge, hog suck, the teats of cows lying in the ifield the latter being persecuted on, that account, The woodpecker is ruthlessly killed because of the'injury which it is supposed to do tc trees by pecking holies in the wood' and caus. ing them to rot. The woodpecker pecks only where the wood is already decayed, which lil does in quest of insects and their larva:, and by peclciig out the decayed wood, prevents the gangrene from extending, thus doing ,good to the tree and not harm. . - ; 1 . The popular errors regarding plants are n'ol so numerous, so wide-spread, or so remark, able as those regarding animals ; cor do they seem anywhere to have taken so firm a hold of the minds of any class of the people, if wc except perhaps the popular ideas' regarding mushrooms arid "toadstools.' .' Many people imagine that all fungi, except the mushroom, aro poisonous. It is not uncommon to hehi the question asked even by educated people concerning some agarics ' Is it a mushroom or a fungus ?'-a question which shows ' that neither the meaning of the one term nor pl the other is known. Every mushroom is 'a fungus; and although the term vmehrooin can nevfer 'bo ' applied to the minute fungi, such as blight, smut, 'mildew, and mould, it is very commonly applied to many of the larger kinds. Many fungi are not only not poisonous, but are wholesome and pleasant articles: of food. Truffles and morels ai-e edible fungi, and'though they ' are found in England they are not so common anywhere in Britain as in some parts of the continent of Europe. Some other species are'also'occasionally gathered and used in England ; but in Scotland it may almost Ve said that none is ever gathered for ilse 'except the common mushroom (Agaricus camjfiestris). ' Both in England and Scotland, however, far loss use is made of thc . edible fungi' than in France,'Italy,' Germany. 'and other continental countries, where they form a not inconsiderable part of the food of tho people during summer and autumn; whilst with us, through ignorance and prejudice, they oro allowed to rot and go to waste. It is 'proper to add,' that of the larger kinds of fungi, many of the poisonous species are of the very group which possesses the same general form and structure with the common mushroom-a stalk surmounted by a enp, ,,w,it|h gills ..on the, under-side of the cap. Some excuse is therefore to be made for the general aversion prevalent in pre at ' Britain to all kinds of fungi ; and - as' long as we remain.ignoi'ant of the difference betweon the edible and the poisonous species, this aversion will naturally survive. But a wider diffusion of knowledge concerning tho. edible .fungi is'-very desirable, and would ,enable many often to enjoy1 a cheap and- agreeable repast. ?'?'" -.' , " I ? Thé"superstitions .'connected with plants seem also to have possessed less vitality than 'those connected with anímala.' In fact, they hove; mostly quité'died out. 'Perhaps the . most tenacious of life'was that' concerning tho ii rowan-tree or mountain-ash. Our forefathers universally , regarded this tree as j> possessing ,'a wonderous power of affording protection from witches ? and from evil spirits, and for this reason it ' was' planted alose' by ¿very , dwelling. Nowhere was this'belief more firmly'entertained than in Scotland. Within our 'recollection, an aged man who actedas postman ia'a oountry town in the south of, Scotland] habitually darriedapjecoöf rowan-tree or mountain-ash in bia- pocket,' as 'a fancied protection" against malevolent influences. Traces of this superad! , tipn have now, wei believe, disappeared. "Thé rowan- tree is now cultivated for the salto of its beautiful clustering .herries, from, whioh a pleasantly 'bitter jelly may be produced, as a condiment to. be eaten' with roast-muttonj preferable to the jelly from1 red currants. This is what wc cati putting the mountain-ash to a better purpose than superstitiously corry! ing morsels of it in'tho pocket to avert some imaginary personal injury. Lot us hope that, by tho progress of éduca tion, the minds even of tho humblest classes' ,of the people will ere long bo freed from tho fear of dangers merely imaginary, and eleva ted aliove-tne pitiful superstitions by which they'are'still too frequently enslaved and degraded; Yet it is probable that a consider-: able time must elapse before this desirable' result can be fully attained. To many tho , errors, with , which their superstitions aro con nected, and the superstitions themselves, appear supported by a groat weight of autho rity, such as they have boen accustomed most to respect.-the authority of their seniors, and of those who are looked upon as the oracles of their little circle. And if they have not instanoes of their own observation to, : adduce in justification of their beliefs, they' have beer) assured of instances enough that; haye come.under the observation of others. j 