.: . OCTOBER. 7th, 1877. ANOTHER week has passed,.,and' still the struggle between the 'two ~ 'Hoisses. of Parliament hangs fire. It is like that. 'r geat battle" which the war telegranms tell'us from day to day is'" iniminent.' But in the casecasof'the political: fight, theic cank lie no doubtthat it is impeind ing.,? l ? o.Iegislativa iConnaail, showar_ determinnation to stand upon it rightsi and the Leoislative Assembly is' e1uiailj resolved to insist 'ipoi its. pri-ilegde. The Raii?lw y Cdnstruction 'Bill will+ disposed of, without the two:objection able lines, the Oakleigh and Goulburn,' and the two Houses will fight theinoht afterwairds.:: The brief ieply sdnt' by'tli' Council to'tlie Assemihbly's curt message retieriing?the Bill in its original con ditiion seems of isulicati tiait the Upper, IHouse is not anxious to .balitd? ,words, Sbut to come to business. They sitmply say) that (in ;dealing iwit iltltei gLilw?aiy Bill as they did, thley, iu.no way in fringed the pr?ilegers ofli dAssembly, and it sow remains to be settled' iv !e'thi" in making the amendments ini the Bill the Council were:only eercising their legitimate fuinctihon or.iee travelling beyond the?linits? of tlie?powers con ferred uponthem as a body.bythe Con stitutioitAc. o dby om it can be settledwe ?eie .pi it aced to say. J / l Ow ourfourth liip wl be find the annual report"of -the '.1!ill amitovn Me. " chanics' Imstiitore?rlas C : kmatches, TsE Secretary ofile Williamstown Iadies Benevelent Society writesaclkhoimi !edging the. receipt+of £8?'from the Bazaar Committee nad' ?nderingi tlhe thnk's?fjtho AT the 'half-yearly meetingfif'thlo SMechibnisa' Indiituteoilast'IMon'day?evening? MJessrs.HalloU y M: Innt tyri r,Drry:.Tb eand Mýrell were eleced 'ti the Ci6nmitteeo'rh .L ,\S T? Sunday som e e? il dip _pse d r r son deibherately chipped.tawjysnomeeof e or namentation,of "the frrieton e.€aings of the new State Sclho6ol1 doing about .c, ýrtla?ptf damage. The contaacjtors onfer a 3 eward'-fj "-'tli information as .wrill.coirit the perpet rator ofthisljdigraceful piece ofvsdlisi WE are keeqtiested'td'call.ttention to Messrs. Gieig and Murray's, adveitised sale of property at Footscray next Friday. T i Ts. Wi'ikig Meon's Meeting n. F{.ee Concert will be held this evenins at the Wesleyan Schoolroom,'tasco-street. t. :Rtasta's, PA;xonxA. m of ,t h:,Amerit can l' ar is once more open to the inspection of the Williamstown public,.r ::,Wboetieealih was'in Williamastown before:it drew. great crowds as it has 'dohe iit all parts of the. world. ":It iies;tated to have cle rek c t.o00oo 0 for i~i pitopneria within the las fouirr t yetrs. It opens this evening at thie'+M ohani +'Iiitute. The gifts tI disatribt. ed .?rIbe:hseen at Mr. It. Smith's,.tobacco. nist., ,-' I : ", , ^ . ThiE V.; B. A matches commenee' oni Tuesday last, tlo principal, match taking place ona Woedieday, vizi--theo Represents. ti.eo Match, in" ihich Gunner St'inon obtained 6th prize, £7, and Gunnoer ,fic'as. ter, the 15th prize, £4. The Wilaniswtown Artillery total was 725 points, or an average of 60.5 per maii. For No.. 2 match Gunner Stinton scored'64 points at 800, 000 and 1000 yards being only one point behind' the winner, in consequence of scoring a miss ffor his last shot at' 1000 yards. G auuner Stinton also awoh the 'the 3rd prize, £7, in, No.'3 match. In the Nursery stake., Gunner 'Smith takes the pride of place with 33 pihnts outinof a possible 35 and Gunner J. a. Laieaster wins the 14th prize with 28 points. No. 7 match inpludeg, amongst tlip pminers Sergt, Drew, £2, and Sergt. Pitt, £i.. eag scoring 29 points. This moniing ithe Iiter, national match is held I the English.team in. eludes Gunner Stiuton and the Scotch Sergt. Pitt. ' ' ' Love without money has bee cyni cally compared to a pair of shiny. leather boots without aoles. Thebest way,'however, to obtain the largest amount of love atthp smallest cost-is to make the most of, your money by buying all you want at Krakoski's shop, corner of Cecil and Thompsioni.stcc'tn S-your patent leathers included. IT-Rns been.determined by-the in habitants of Yarrav~,lle to give aooncert ein that place, the proceeds of which will bhe devoted to the relief of suffere rsin- India. The date appointedl is Monday event neit and it will take place in the State School-.No doubt a large numbor weill avail themselves of this opportunity of contrihbuting to the TnE bii;kTIri n':cliiinectionw itli the TVilliemstown a dics Jenevolent society yhich was opened at the Presbyterian School-I roomyyesterdaywcek; was-brou6ht -toa .close in the evening was very good, th proceedings beingenlircned by the perfqrmances oftth ArllleiBanud.The"ladicsa?ouuipurchasers_ for a large quantity of goods, quite an army of young ladies having enlisted as vlunteer. commercial travellers through tjieeilding. A very succeisful feature'- ofthe- entertain ment was the "spectre's cave." The " Pepper's ghost" illusion was most success fully presented by Mr. C.WV. MlcLen, with the'assistince of other gentlemen, sevcriil ladies also rendering "material" hblip in the "spiritual" manifestationsi On each evan ing,the "cav e";i as crowded by idell-satisfied l ectators"' About tlhirty gentlemen met at the Footscray Town Hall on Tuesday ccening to disecuss the best way of <makinlg -.an acknowledgment of the hospitality exteonded to the residents by the Mayor of the boroutgh" on the pievitus Friday. Mr. E: 'Hopkins was voted to the chair and Dr. Morton was' appointed secretary. It was proposed that'the compliient should take the forin ofý. ",'e turn ball," butoneor two gentlemen thought that a.preaentation of lplate to Mrs. fNewell would be pore apprriate: twea eventually resolved that"a returni-:ball sl;old"bi iviend on the 23rd November at thei Towtn lall, Footscray-admission, gentlemen £1; ladies, 10s. A correspondent has written ns urging upon' the emmittee the desirability of' re. considering the' matter; witl a vier -if _POs=-" sible of foll?sing ' the' mor!'cbinomiio-iseus courseoLf giving the Mayor and Mrs. Newelh a ~ona-fide compliment in the ashape. of a presentation, instead of the hollow sham ofa" ball, which neither will be the better of." ' "In 'order'.to accomnsodate visitors by water from Williamstown, Sandridge, and Footicray, or Hobson's Bay and: the Yarra generally at- the Flemington. racecourse during the forthliomingtieeting, thesecretary of the V.R'., 'Mr. R. C. Bagot, has-had erected near the saddling paddock a wharf for the convenience of small steaniers orboets conveying- parties to the course. Thiswill supply a great want, anidin order to minister further to the convenience of such visitors,a bor will be open at the wharf for the sale of tickets:to the stind and hill, anid this sare a long, roundabout travel to" obtain theism. The followi-dngelates to agentleman w- olfo1b:i ini ??elbourne :--Mr. Croumbie Brown, a versatile jourialist, is (saysaChrist-. church contemporar~ ) going tto entertain the people of nic;sercarill with a lecture on :' The Press," in the course of which, the pro gramme states, "? th lecture neill take the autdience in--and 'show -therm hiow; a'i ncws pape is made fromi begiunnugto end, from its. commencement.as,an old rag or tussock of grassi to its delivery by the runner' at 7.30 a.m. bsharp. In connection withi this pait' there ill be made some starting disclosures of imiuities of the Press, and awful exposures of ,,the; depraved lives invariably.led 'by editors."; It is also itated that the lecture will consist of i;everal parts (of speecli),and an interval dduitg whicih gentlemen will have timee to run across the street and post letters. vTilE following veissels lihve been load ing -nd discharging at the Ann-etreet pier during "the ~eek- Barques- -An ' "Kel er NatalQueen.. Brig-Alexander. Schooners -:ightiugale,,iRosebud, Fanny, Dawn of Hope, Florence.: Ketch- Teaser. noscitng that there are a number of persons ie?ii haveg'not get made up their minds as to wher'to ptrchlmse. thcir.bprin and gceneral. drip?,'..';eorgeDav's," the ode atetabldahod ?eper and Ootfittdr of Barkly:street-wiahes thesm to give a call and' inspect his large and newly.imported stock.' All. goods 'will. be' offered at wholen lloriccs [A v,'r.], FLo?ins?t--FOa' Ta Tam ? e? AND eaeTl.-A ifew drol, of ,the liquid 'Floriline" sprjnkledt on a cet oath-brush prduces'a pleasantlather,, lwhich the. rophly cleausea'the teeth' from all pieasmteo or im puntie,:lmrdes - the - ns;:preoerntea ?tartter,' stops decy, 'give to the teeth a. peculiar pearly- wletesese, aid a delightful'figrainee 'to the breath. It removes all tmldeea?at odourar'eng irom 'decayed .teeth or toaeco munoke.. ':.The- Fmga~nt. Fiolitinc," -bheing composed in part of Ioncyeted a ee t lerbs, .i deli doss to the taste, and the greatest teiltdiscovery o the age. 'rice Is td, of all Chenmsts ad Perfumers. *Prepared -hy-YSias C. G.tarr, 4t3 Oxteed- itreet,. Lonton?4!.;= 