LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tim S,r" ll'UHSIIAY. 1 ov'luck''EAKr'!1 t0Clk "'° Chll!' twonly"aino m¡nulcs past QUESTIONS. Mr. COMBES, in reply to .Mr. Taylor,-said, pinn, «nd siieciticnlioiis'for tho l'ont .vhd Telegraph Oaico'atWra inntln worn beim; considered by tha_Uavetumeut p lnâ ' und specifications for rennin to .tho Parramatta lViMrlrt llospilnl wpuld bo ready in nbout n forinight'« time 1'ortcr Johnson wo'i injured in consequence of linvibtf thai lo lock a carriado, door while a nain was in moiton; In muries would bennisons to whether' tba Parraiiiállii ljlatJ form was dangerous .with tho view of iium- diucl« removing any .Innerer found to exist there.. ' Sir JOHN ROBERTSON, tn rojilv to Mr. Taylor said Building Societies were regulated hy' tho sMuo Act nj Friendly Societies, wei* ; but all tito provisions of flis Friendly Societies Slntuto did not operate unriiv Biiiídib» Soc:ettes.- In no raso were returns under. tho-'Fiiaadly Sueiolies Act laid lieforo" Parliament. Thirty buildlne societies had sent in their last nunual returns, to tue registrar. Mr. BAKER, in reply to Mr. Bennett, said Mr. Garrett mndo nil ponimncul appointments'nf inspectors of con- ditional purchase*. Soma temporary appointments, cou. sidercd necessary by Mr. Ganeit, wore, ordered for dUcOn tin nonce. " Mr. COMBES, in reply to Mr. Torn', mid: tho nari, sabilily of constructing tho proposed bridge nt Bundarra pf iron instead of timber would Lo ;dotcrmiued prior to tho Evinijiles for thc ensuing yc.ir ticing submitted to Par- liament. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON, in reply to Mr. Merriwin, said the Clov<niiiitut Impel to. ba obie lo introduce a l>jl[ during tho present scsloli to consolidate and mnend thc laws relating lo Ibo cilv of Svdnev. Mr. COMUKS," in reply 'to Mr. R. B. Smith, «id lbj puiQli-isjiig of a dredgfl for improving tho navigation ol lim Macleay River was being considered. Tender« could n<Hbj taken fiir draining lioodxl lands in iheMiiclcny Riveriliiirict for which moiioy 1 ad been voted, until further iiurtevs had been undo iii d.nvrmlnn whether tho work mopped ly tho p'ètilioticis would iiiili'.'á'o tho ovil« of tho Imod». Tim dredge tn be'disp.itelied'lo tho Manning wai iiodergdin* repairs ; these' were nearly completed, mid the dredge nenia he rVvlv to begin work about tho timo indicated by him in October Inst. . ' PETITIONS. Mr. FARNELL pivscinoil a petition finm tho llera, W, Gillen and Tinióthv M .Carthy, and Mr. T, C.Makinson, craving 1-ive in scU'cert lin lands nt Lyndhurst. Mr." COHEN ptç-'-'iit>'d pétillons from auctiontai, bateliers, and others nt E lit and West Maitland, praying for an alteration in tho Udtirs allowed for driving collie lliVrmgh those tovvn'hips.^ Tho potilions wi re received. . LANI) ACT AMENDMENT. . Mr. BENNETT having obtained leave to bring inn lil lo nioenil anil rnn- oli.hite tho Jaws relating te tho »dfol Crown lauds, introduced tile samo, and it was reid iiCfi timo. ' j . WORKMEN'S DE HTS BILL. ' Mr. W. H. SUTTOR having obtained leave to introduis a bill for bolter scnil ing the payment of debts lo workuio introduced tho same and it was read n first tillie.. REAL PROPERTY ACT AMENDMENT. . Lenvo was given lo Ml. 'TERR V to hiing in "a lill t further amend the Real 1'rftperl.y Act. THE ADDRESS IN RÉPLY.-CENSURE: The debuto upon Iho'nddross m reply tn tho speech o his Kscolleucv ibo Governor, upon which.Mr. Farne] had moved "that tba address bo amended by' th iiuerlion, sftor tho word "consideration,". « I the oud of tho second- paragraph, of . Ibo."fil I ¡owing word*, ''at tho same (imo we foolbounl to expre» our grave doubts n< U> tho s-ati-fadoiy conduct? of ,'piilli hV.slne's unlit. your 'Excellency can secure Ibo advice c members oí this House entitled to its confidence,'' w resumed. _ , ,'.,.-., ST HENRY PARKES said .that ho, spoke tojicsk ,,-ic ol the coin-Mi which ho hid' -prevribeil'f< Ivinsi ti. , Ho understood on tho .previous evenifl ttot Ibo mc-mb.-r for Eist Sydney, Mr., Greenwood,tkiire Hi M*»k at tho reopening of tho debato , to-day, ¡aid I oaty* moved tho adjournment of tho debáis üecajise.h uii'fo'Stood lliat'llio rules of tho debato jciidertd.'tlut.ia .nmnor uc-eas-irv. "Bill, since th.\t gentleman waa not ii h:s.place, he would proceed to nddresi tho few obsemiiio lie had to offer lo thc HoiUo. Ho wa» very" Miry tH « i question of so much importance M th'-", there was »to nt all, nt presout, to which it was jlo^.iblJ to oJcranrml) I ile HMcued us attentively ns ho was able, *o tho tpcecai the lvn. gentlemen nt tho head of tho 'tíoití¿mtJ!' » uvht, mid ns ho did not beor tho «hob tt\l'< 1 ¡'lid it upon, his conscience to red tho.- .'» port in .tho ' paper; but guarding'. Jiim=clf fifi saving ni'ivlhiug- of nu 'imcoiiipliracnCirf. nsliir H." could iwl but express'his astonishment liuta spieci from th; lum. gentleman ul a timo whim the existence « lin Government wns fairly challenged, should.discover Ji »ur: Ie ground of "defence 'of that Govcrnnicn(--(lieari heji -ililli moro cpecially that R.tnoi'da'Iay'.bno.iio'uni! principle of policy by which the GovorrnniiitpiojiOicdVi1 guided, Ho invited tho nttcnlion ni hon. ukrato iir-t. to tho spiech put Into tho mouth of . 1 1J;I; Heney - tho Governor, (ind thou ns a 'coiiirat upon that'«peech and ns nn illustration of it, to th» mci delivered by thu Primo Minister, so Hut ?honivtnolli' eojld sitisiy 'themselves whether Ibero was hi (holal isjnvch ono " singlo principio of policy propounded to ! l'aihamt nt, or ono singlo expression, of opiniorTín'iñy ,t'ic largo'iiuestions that must ba dealt vntlvduring-wl .. e .v or two, by which tho House could judge of tho cotí teacyof tho. öovemiuent. . Tho speech of tb¿;Pleader' from bei;inning, to om! n.tissuo of . that kind of mate with whi'.-h many of them wera so yory {familiar-di hear)-which was dovitod for tho purpoäb of confuí somo mon, misleading othors-(hear,;¡ hear)-elearing nothing, and, if possiblo, throwing^ a misconception o even clear matters of fact. What was , tho?.. of. .tho Premier's -telling ..thom, that .Un^l liiembcr for St. Loonaids lind rruido a weak spcwl that Jio :wus:a. 'wan who had. uttered. iiiiivollii -_-_.!_4. » ll..I_",T¡T.¡..ñ_:."l,»n tliAU l-limv lum saino gentleman iras tho iirst person to;whoDi apnlica . * oí? ï'-o niade-(cheers, and' '.» No " .from, Sir JOHS in ROBERTSON)-to join tho hon. gentian's'Admlniitra. ni lion. (Cheers j Ho\ begged1 pardon-lie was' (ho.cecosd of person-(Sir Í01IN ROBERTSON : "No," nud'cUmsn.] ie Ho stood corrected-(laiighter)-ho was ono of ihi.iuahy ie poraons-ichcers)-whom the, hon. genUomiuV asked to a join his Government. But whether ho Was tho Brit, or'fhe y second, or tao''seventh,, maltorod very jittie ,-_tbe Premier ii: sought the weak'ne'ta Ofithat gonUeman out of which to rein i* tho strength of his Government. What \yas tlio ma.cf the y hon; gentleman's' telling tho House-intoiesting ns flic i. story undoubtedly wns -of hi» adventures with thc >r electors of this country i They -.were 'itlierc,'; ell -t ot them, b'ecauto their names were ciidoraed 't upon' her Majesty's writs, and thoy had nnthlhg « tn do with tho action of-.any particular member.withal! i. constituents. (Hear, hear.) What' wita tho uso of public limo being wasted, by a-great ,piwq of rigmnrolo ol thal kind ? .If tho lion.' member had told'tho House hew' ho in- 's tended to manage tho liniinces of this countiy in tho taco ol ? tim decline of the land revenue ; if ho hnd told. them what '. steps he wns going to tuko in respect to tho settlement of thc '. country, in (lui changes iu tho Lund Acts, or io 0 the mode of settling population on Ibo country ; if ho lisä \- told iliein in some duliuito way what ho was'going to do ii \- Opening- up tho country-willi roads, railways, mid public . works, then thoy might hnvo had some material-some standard by which to manum! tho capacity of th« Govern Hunt. . He would contine hinisolt os closely as ho could lc tho question which seemed to. him. to bo placel f boforo: them by tho motion of tho hon. meintet ; for St. Leonards. That hen. gentleman chalkmgcd the s ONi'stcnco pf tho Government. It might bo well for i . moment for them to try to realiso to themselves what this , form of Pmiiaiuoiilary government mcaul., It certainly . did not mean that this'llouso was to appoint- Ministers. Il f left , tho Crown absolutely free to scot in tho pey. 1 sons of .its. advisers níich 'counsel as : tho'.? Croira might deem best; but what -, had' been secured. to m by tho long Parliamentary struggles of tho mother cpuntrj :, was that,, whilo tho Crown-and ..well: it. was that thal i should he the case-was loft absolutely free to 'soled il« own advisers,,,tljo ..House of Commons in. England and thc Locative Assonibly in this colony had tho most complete poner of compelling tho Crown to thooscmlvisors having the contidenco , of. Parliament. -That ivas, in a. io« words, tho theory of tho government which had existed in its pure state in our country during this century. But what did thut conlldence mean? It mount, that il \- should ho built upon a foundation 1 of. wisdom, experience, ability, and a completo grasp of tho wants of tho countrj which thoso men wero culled upon (o. govern. R-"M not mean-the.day lind gone by long ago ; .Walpole ho. thought wns nbont.tho.lnst Minister.-itdidiiot moan that n majority was to bo secured by nay other means ; -it did -vt mean that it was to bo securcd'by playing into tho .hnnds pf this uiw or that man; by-promises !>f this character or promises ol that character; 'by njipolntuicnts '.which pnrtioulnr .'geiiuo men wero deeply, interested in: but if meant that tho majority should ho built np, 'on. » wl'd ground work; of policy, of 'acquaintance with the countrv, of capacity to manage. its affairs;, and on no, other grounds whatever could tho confidence of Parlia- ment bo properly commanded. ' '" .* -¡ .',' Captain ONSLOW : AVo havo never had such a Mulish? 3°Sir HENRY PARKES ¿'Ho did-not'expect tliat.ivo should havo sucha Ministry, in its purity and Integrity, un'.il tho hon. junior mqihber'. -jor, _ Camden (laughter)-was 'called upon to form it. '''w«h let them soo who wero tho gentlemen 'who . constitutes tho existing Govortunoiït; how they carno into power; whan evldenco thoy had given of their tillo to1 "hold their places; nnd lct.them do this in fi courteous and parliamentary **y. For his part, ho would not say a singlo word to which any ono could takoekcoptlou. Ho thought it was oh the win of August last- that tho present. Ministers were sworn in-a littlo moro than threo''months v*B°¡~ and tho hon. gentloman presented to tho»House anama country, ns his colleague«, Mr. Garrett, Mr. Long, Mr, .lackey,' Mr. -Davie*, Mr; Hakor, Mri Combes, Mr: DaUoy, Ma»£çMiei»an,in.,tio:Up^^ '> '-.'.-". " '} . ' ? '-.'.V.^V'-.^'' ... ' '. lil -^¡Wsníittho hondof tho Government, .in spook-rig mMjfa-WiM or'Mr. Wentworth, showing thb °1 ,,, Mr Wentworth foreshadowed ns ¡¡Iii« «' «ht to bo ? called to tho, Sonnte 1 Ml* . tho Legislative Council. Why, it wu« I »¿iii4,1111!?''.".'...'ko Mr; Wentworthrisi ont oHii-t gmvo I O(M!=»t?V?i t.-jiirs tho hon. .gentleman lind brought i SBiW^kXroï' Oovermnont iu this,country. Ono il»lt ^fZ t° \uy, that it never entered into Mr. Ill^t"£t "r iLMo.thodro.ii.sof "ny of tho pro i mWVK'nZ, n ;.tion\'hat the limo lind como when Mr. feffl^01'11' C,UWUin tUi9 C0UU" Wm^nàwWr »nd cheer.-.) IIB11' . OVSMW : I say n.-ithmg offensive ! lll6fiivnVP\HKKS: Tin To w.is nothing offensive WË ?.H lie "ont to in.pl}- »othi-U' »> <»« ^B«». ttat cenllcum's difracte,-, v nWIKS : 'That is not in yoi 'r power. l^fnEXltVMUKKS; But ho' hud a perfect right, HÄol'nnV pentliumn-(hear, hcart- who occupied WÊ^USmt;-still moro it wa» his. cst^aul duly,' WM*? L iM úA" of th" il«.»-0- ,mlt;!"' all they hoard. HS?Älif«ti<>«. nml the necessity of u st rung Opposl K-M kW' »'«to myths. .twas his Wm- Jut,,. Juli-of (ho «out emeu who sat »round hun, to WkWft tho "everest scrutiny tho "unlilk-a SB*'- i nnv of tin'-'-' gentlemen for their nllli-ca,. HjSrfA'r-" in K"ot ^'!ney.;'].JIoad,.iitted«l. llKtthchon....c,,.l>er hada signal triumph over him. RflPwttsl ital the electors ot bast Sydney elected Mr. ÍÜ *Ä «ad of the poll, but in a very handsome f|^£hel,l<rnl they'rejected him, nnd so far ho |H&]ÄK««on. Hut -that «I II.» way scald lus lips. BJ1'. -\nd when ho presented himself lurons n Min MiScw»nh..ih..iight bo would .b... ohio lo show lluit ËKÏj rrntlemno li«'1 h'H,n K"'11'' "£ " i""'"'1'1'". not ""'y itH rSikt in'tl. his position-(cheers)-but which wns n «Hr«bitotheinstilutioiiH ol' tho cuinitry. (Cheers.) They IHf7.il, Mr DaviiM tift.-r h> hud been two ' years in Pam IH-.-j wi after he had given no ovidenco of nny kind of ¡¡?íitlicro except lint of one bf the cleverest whippers-in HB^'¡m«wttire,l within the-o walls. Tho lin. member HipirimVlla (.Mr. 1/mg) lilied ono nf Ibo highest po-d S <ii irHch " '"»" "' er.perieneo und inut-iro fH^-Mini; anti large aciinnintnnce with tho almira of tho Meroula >»i*ibly hopoi-ver lolill. And tho Colonial. i^Hlv-'irr-who v is »IW.IVH ili- icovoriiit.- some merit iii any ^?eiLoVappithd er ossoa'uto.l with him which Ibo whola ¡?Jrj'fiilH lo discover-in speaking of Mr. Long last HlätBid «Old* so cxtraonUnnry that it was hardly ; p.w-. MWliiaMtlieai hy. That was before ho med tho word* sHkrí-CTCsto Mr.'Stiinrt. Ho did not know why Mr. ¡?«ai'iumc should lrivu b. eu dragged int... this matter nt Hl¿ J» rifirrafe to Mr. Stuart, the Colonial S.crtnry HüttT lie \"is ono nf thc nhb-st mon thnt ever snt (hero'. By.that did Mr. Stuart think of the compli wi-J ïbra tho hon. geiitloi.inn used theso words of IJkjtsici Treasurer:-"Thchon. member (Mr. Fnrmil) fl ¿.J to my that his linn, and horned friend (Mr. I/ing) HJriïuilua'fiiianco Minist'.r. Tho usual woy before n Hiicinoftdiicnlion, of ability, nnd of patriotism was Uy-jt-j, ms to give him a fair trial. In tho old country SH Í»í5i r* !mpv»ssili1o for n set of gentlemen to listen to n ? ¡¿ilthfN against a . gentleman., n sch'.Inr, nnd a ,v'"' u!,""';' himself in a time of great Hu.-.!? to perform n pilbil." s'-rvkv, which nothing ! HSWn,''sm c'"'<' I'"!1"''"*! I""1 t° perform." , H t'--,Tr-'"*" t'1-1"' gent lemon hud lu eli n very H feta. They had not s-oii thu gull* iiiin which ho had H feii. tr tho extreme of dilllcnlty which bad eailso.l this He'Vamto sirritiec hi.nrelf for tho good ol' tho country, j Hfetii.rffere '"''I t'1*' 'Ir.' Long wns u pitrint-that ho Ha»ri "imply-ii gentleman, but ho wa*» a scholar M "' ? is-.ii.«Mc'u"iis barrister. Hut ho was impelled Hit ti hic'h feeling of. patriotism to plungo inln H'-f*-**'1 (0 rc"l'*ln t'10 country in sumo slmiigu time of BJanaty ond diilicully. . And surely thoy wore entitled Mjt¿-.i:r,e.niJ seo wlictber he was tho grent benefactor ho He-,'f;**''c,!,<?iMr. Lou» Bat in l'nrlinm'nt two Hr^iriorto being otfeied ollii e, and ho said advisedly Httt'icinno in Pnrliamcnt was timi nn nllo."C:isioi.H whir li ' HJnMbtrelednuy impartial observer to hnvo conjectured' H fe*T"T to nny position throughout tho length mid Hrjiûif'llie land'olber than that ot u Minister of 1I10 H-i.<*. He never took nny absolutely onrao-.t interest iii' Hfey*ra'i0*i °f nn}' liiestion presentedtotholloi.se. H&t;»»lth<:reliko nsoliil mass of insensiblo stone, obstructing Hfiiui?*s-e''eu"lovor^'kindof business wlii'-h huln'mself H ¿¿tel- by Inking over the estimntes himself-was essen- ? HükÁ* í*'00*' ef the country. (Choirs.) It was impossible H ustift to advert to tho few months almost immediately H^! ""* advent of this crisis. The Government H^fisieinto power' then riinin into power' Into in tho.' H ?*>vito no provision for tho publie serviT.' They said Bait cao could .question tho. fairness .of tho nnnounec ?J C-thst it was their, duty in tho first instance to make HrJprcvMori for tho public services of tho country. 'In ? btodothat they. substantially niloptcd tho Estimntes ? wtd kr their, predecessors. . [Sir JOIIN E.0I1EUT y. Xo, ire prepared them.] And those very Estimates, aBlfi'siig of .which -uns essential-to tho good of tho vj ratty, rm obstructed, and notably bj- tho. gentleman ? rama now tho Treasurer of thc country. Tho hon; ïpftiiun accepted without question tho"' very Esti m nra' Aich ne had obstructed a fow hours previously. I (Cheers.*) And . this goutlei.inu lind boon nppointod I hmo ol uia Wshcst distinctions which could bo won by I ilfltaiWi tiWism, and- long servico in a country liko I oaw: It would mt bo worth his while to advert to this I vwtkrif itrae.uimly for tho purposo of saying unploa I Kintliitijsof.tlic' Colonial Treasurer : but it'had a very I rratlirorsoefftet than that. What possiblo inducement could ?.ft« be lemon of real ability, of education, of public (pjit-Thatiniluccment was thefo to tho.young men of. tho ?' KMtrr, «ho «-ero really disposed to devot« themselves lo a ? felinal careel, if tho fiigliest ? prizes of - tho Stole could be : lirait Opon gcntlomon who,, instead of showing any proper' qtBïtjcatioaj.-for such a post, had beon conspicuous for helufing'the misconduct of tho House and impeding ibo re? rahr transaction of publie . business. Ho' might ndvort' . looticr gentlemen ns not in nny remarkable way entitled lo the offices .they liblil, FO fur"aa they could "bb judged IvthoconrMth'ev took previously to Inking bfOco, nnd to Ittcridenccs they lind given sineo. But ho èhould .only' aits one other reference. What was to bo said of this Inst , jWiiction to tho Ministry. It wns an at tempt to mislead" tis House-a' barefaced attempt to insult their ?common, isioto. dray any analogy botween the oooession of Mr.' ;It>ob |o this .Government nnd tho combination of .men.' .nfertiinlngopposite opinions. That wns not tho,.ca'seat jj; »ndin comparing tho caso of his joining.in nlilco Sir >wn Martin twelve years ago, when. batli-of thom were .ittojjn distinct sections of thoOppoBitio'n', tho hon. genii» CM iras bciraying'nn utter want nf comprehension of tito tal drenmstnncesi or a most ama/.ing design to imjKisb gpa tho intelligence of tho House. Mr. Jucob, wheu tho Owmmcnt'was formed, said ho would do nil in u poirer ? to put them out of ollieo. What ho ta Sad of tho Government to-night, was mild ïoparal to tho attitudo of Mr. Jacob to tho Government. «la tho House, met after their re-election, nnd tho mssarer moved for tho suspension of Ibo Standing Orders. :»a penlleaiau said ho would hnvo no half-and-half tajares. Ho would volo against n singlo pennv of tho, pbhonioneytokeopincflico 11 Oovernment so disentitled Ufiipport. [Mp.' JACOB : I did not say so.] Ho did not Rmi'0 (LL")T0 "10 ?10!'' KCU'leman's" limgungo,.: [Mr. A ir Tkm you s,10ul|l not I'"'- "orí* iiitci HIV mouth . Ul did not use/) Hu had a perfect right to sta e' tho. rajtsnco of what tho hon. gentlomnn said, and it was aicicntfor him that tho hon. gentleman voted ns ho raid, iwmi wlulo tho Governmi ni wera resting under scntcneo ?teoBdeanotion ; and this scntenco of condemnation would M bc concluded until 11 division took placo on U motton. This .Government hud , offered «MÍ whilo they were . under this ' sentence .of raimmtion.to ono person who was prepared to «Menin tliew-who told his constituents that ho would ^mnthem. And if this was not a caso of turpitude, www pte*edont, iu tho ordiiiarv 'tmnsac'tiotis of polificiil, ,T'^nW not know where to «nd one. (Cheere.) [Mr. ¡¡«.Uü: \\\ here did you find I told my constituents so'ri «yiii |i-eureil that tho hon. gentleman on tho hustings nomi 'tf1 m orPos'tion to tho Government.' [Mr. £* C lhcn,y°" have- been assured -.erong. 1 . At all J1T to heard tho hon. gontlcmun mnko n speech in Witton'to tho Government, and ho know tho hon. i TOtintan reçonloahis voto in uccordnnoo with tlmt spooeli. ! »»«hingmight bo said, and fairlv said, of this Govern- j «ni m respect to tho speeches thor delivored to their con T,T3' -It.vrai wclUkuowu that Mr. Combes wns a pro .S? ïrctccli'""'sf. and considored thnt England lmd ¡rr*1. fiP.oa » downward path since - tho' ' : time , . lto abolition of tho Com' Laws. And ho wns sure thut S??^tif hli coull'» carrv o*"1 tt protectionist «n m this comitry. Tho hon. gontlemnnnt tho hcn-lof «?jovemniont lind always professed to bo a tboreugh^-eo «M.. Ho would not notice this cireumstnnco if-those P»"*!« had not announced their views on tho hustings. "Wmcn of opposito opinions might consent to hold their '«.Sf '.»nee- iu matters in which they could not agree. ». mints msfrMr. Combes told his constituents lit Orang.-) m ta .ought to bo introduced-tö encourngo nativo ffÄ!n tll0icountr>*" ' And his chief told tho electors of 2tt1!^41íatt'*Ey<>i*Bl*í-'tohold- to tho principles of K1'' Tli'Vvns n.inost unprecedented sl.ito of things. . ^älZl?^ m.V-rt oi tho subject, ho. might thfiliifo < *î ovidenco tho Treasurer displayed of ?!ffil%f!ltt\0'^ 110 W-K* -eonsAtuoritsin Sil ^^und thnt tho Government Ought to loud out t'Ä rcT<!nuo."*'ovder that it might ir'uctify, aud that ,^it-h receive interest, freu, it. Ho thought very fow .T *ith sound opinions on questions of. finance -would .uro¿«ÍvS|r'ght ?,r con.iucivo to the good of tho country. ¿SMRX ? Sn "mt ?" >vouldlo.ul to serious coinpliai Ûteht f6ov<!mmc'-tmct tUo Houso.iu duo time, ho »after four .weeks. They- were no sooner sworn S&'1?ill'bT ftor 'St; Tonart*'gave notice of a *tto ahoiit'tiT1!,' °£ W)TT*- 1>'«' »«ld bo no a-se & ". It-V\a- "..t,les0 *"TO*'<ls>T-"Tl.nt this «.-}) ..» confidenco in tho ?présent Goveni ?\ot\ T° Pno 'couul - misfako it, and tho lÄ';fo'^ Leonards gave ;'noliee .oMt foi I ?.«Ä'lli J "?UÍ ri'ícr""S I» English osmmples they, lind ?«Ki£^!nnt,y}wim ^Î'-'ÏP'0 w]'o--o » Gpvemment ?SXthSn^ T?w,tl1 "S'kiud °t ousiuoss with u vote tynôfîifi'""tDoMldson'took ouiee until tho prcsout ?«¿Uver sív r'-orar »««?Pted.to transact iu-a/iy way ^S oZ5 l,v5inCS? w'i : 11 voto of want of cohtideneo ^Ä1^'''1,-?»' Koutleinon did. .Instead feShni! nia H.0US0,<,aJ01'"1 ihoy moved to. suspend bÄS,^IS "\oti^t0 oWniu Supply. And with fetta Wi L .n."- Dlm EIÍ:ilh,ero ,s Mr- Jacob's jm<d ? on, r this rocc¡ution ,. os ,. ho was roporlod ',' In tn»"K'HjIdñéú 'Morning'- JTeralf/, whoso "rcpörfk' wero almost .'Mtuoht \ exception substantially - acouratp : .",Mr.,.Tnce>b,said.if ,11-0 Ooyommcnt lind his conlldonco " ho wondo'roJ v.-hothor tho Government had his'confidence now. ' (Lnirghlbr.) "If tho Oovoinuitiitliiiilliuconflilciico hé w'ould'say thoy .woro doing perfectly right, in. what limy .proposed Out night. Hut as they liriel not hlsconmleiico'lio iiilciiilcd th vote'lu snell n mfinhm' ni wenild ¿Ive'tfxprcssltfh ' to hit'oplnloii ¡h rogñrd to lt, Junttho'samu a» if ho Voted .for, .M v.; Cornell's motion.;' Woll, Mr, Furnell!* motiou. was.in tltouo torin« : " This House liri« ho cbnfielchco'ln tho (!ovem<licnt."r [Mr. JACOB : Tliát'aovcrnraHiit ttnsWOtj 'tho present Government] (Laughter.) Tho lion, member for tho Lower. Hunter had uo contldcncp in tho .(Jovcrniiicjit, without Mr.r Jacob, (near, hear.) lint he had tho liiost cóiiiplt-tb crmuelchco in tho Government 'With Mr. Jacob.. /(Laughter,) That was nil tho difference. [Mr. JACOB : tjuiid nbttun'g.of.thokind.] When tuero was no altonitian -p'Ir. JACOIV:. There ts ari altcratlon'.in '"roy ' way -of thmkiñgl] (Hear; hear, and laughter.) Thcro was nn 'alteration ¡ (hero was tlio substitution of Mr. incob , for .Mr. Garrott. .[Mi-. JACOB .-; Hoar, hear.] ' Will, ho had never been roiiitifkublo for pausing 'eulogieVupon Mr. Garrett, but ho should Uko; ? to know, laka, him for all in nil, whether tho Government' . Jmdgained in strength/or in its title to confidpneo by tho; Hiibstihlti'iti of Mr. Jacl-b for Mr. Garrett. Mr.' Garrett^ they had been told, if-aH tho ablest ijipinbcr in that Assembly.; {Hear,, hear.) Ho certnlulv waa tho nblcst.iuun in tl|o; flovcrnmcut. Voil,' Mr. Garrett lind goiio, and (hoy had; Mr. Jacob, und therefore Mr. Jacob who lind no confidence, in Ibo Government-three months ago, lind tho most com-' píelo eontUUmco in tlio. Government nt the prcs'int (hiv., Now, lió wanted, t'b'know what1 conclusion hpnV memb6r.-f could draw of tho way in which thin Government would gimnl. their charnel ur, and respond to.the demands made! upon them, lind ku. p alive thur'simso of fepDnMbility if th'o'v wVmld treat,'on the INth September,'a lliotlrm of diro'-t wtnit of boft'liilenco'iin tho manner ho had said. If they ,v,puld iitlmnpt to evade .that,,wtui it not clonç, reasoning u-l they wert entitled".Jo'do, from probnhiljtius, that they '?vould 'evado every fcthcr caso of a similar ' chnrncter, of 'a >h*s,. dirct$ form than that. It was only' for. ,-tho- ifcsson which their conduct on that 'of-cSstón "tSigíit ''îhwii that he referred tu it 'nom Thuv lind a perfect right to consider tho probabilities of tho cns:i -Irc-ni-.-iho light - which their conduct on a . previous occasion threw- upon tho courso of events. Well, tho Government then advised * a (lisH'ii'iillon,: lind not. getting un Uucbnililioniil acqiii ejsono', they toniorcl their resignations. Their resignations Wore no! accepted, mid ho must s.iy, i.s ho'sald nf »lib time, ' with it'viow bf glopping soma of' tho sovere romnrks that woro made,'that they .vero. doing .perfectly right, os ,their rosignariuns.weri:. npt accepted. Ho hud not ono word to ¿ty about' tliclr ret'iliilng «tífico when tho Governor deellncd to'nrcept their resignations, and consented to glvo thcui nh um ondit'oiul dissolution.. Nor hal ho anything to SAJ about tho manner in which' they issued tho'writ*.' Ss far ns 'ho could judgei theres wrtsnothlng tó.objoett6lntbcnrriinge¿ liienls for caiTving out tlio elections. But lin hailnomo thiiig to say "of, tho course . of conduct pursueel bj some of thesei gcntleuienramanagingsoiue of these olclle-nsl '(Oputisilicti . ohcrrs.) The hon. niciiibor, MT. Baker, Minkier f Jr Minc« at tho time, wns tho member for the Southern 'Gn|,I-llel<ls,~ nnd tho placo of nomination wns Adelong, awl the polling dnv was. tho 22nd October. ? Mr. Bilker"wfcnt ír¡» to'thô placo of'n-ímihdtfon, mid it voit said lié wax-actually returned. without opposition before-the clo.-k slni'k 12,. . [Mr. .BAKER.: 'It ix not true.I Ile slmiild bb vorj'gin I tb hear that it was not true, bul lie was stating what wns state ! to Him, anil lie w.is assured that the hon. gentleman vu proposed, scowled, declared duly elected, 'ariel hindu a speech,'and tKa't'a telegram mu carried to tho tele-trmnh n'llcoiit. somo distance, abd thif it rem'iins at tlint pince, «nd >nn. bc seou by any one, marked by Hie tpla-rrnpli-niiistcr ". ó minutoj pist,. 12.". And he W.H n-esiired fhut tho'tiiiib at Adelung was obtained every twenty four hours from Sydney; Now, if that wer.-true, it-would bo impossible for all thi>t business to.have been gut through hy five niiuutps pest. 12 ; that is, for thc writ to have been fêaiL' (hi'iiT'op:iSs'cr nrid seconder enrh 'to make ti sjiecch, the hm"irehtirnim' to' bo 'declared dulyclocted, and to make a .speech ii\ : reply, mid for a telegram to bo written and carried to tho telegraph office, aili marked " fivo 'miuutoi past 12." If that Were tho cuse if -seemed very 'much against tho probability.' that' .that election took pince ut tho proper time. But, however, that w-.is not v.bit ho was" .going to complain .of. .That took phlco ' on tho ? 22nd 0011001-. 'Ade lbiig wns nu imiinrtant ' polling- phcc: in the ileetornl district-of thu Tumut -'Tho, rwlljng for thc Tumut' took nine» e.n thc ótli Navo.-nbcr, nine days aftenrardj, and tho Minister for'Mincs', w;ho he supposed' wns appointed to pot-form important duties in Sydney, remained there nine dnvs canvassing the Government olllcers in tho interesta elf Sir John Robertson." [Mr. BAKER : That Is fnlse.]. [Mr. HOSKINS .-.It is not] . Ho'had bvefy 'reason' to believe that even- word ho had uttered was in necvrhmdo with (ho truth. 'Tho linn, member would admit. that I/o stayedthcro and.addressed public meetings,, nnd thnt ho canvassed votes-[Mr. BAKER: I eliel not]-that howent out willi tho Government olllcors. [Mr. BAKER: I did not.]- Tho hon. member adinilt.d attenditig- public meet- ing» nm! addri-ssing them in favour of Sir John Robert- son. Tho Minister for Public Works, who was n résultent of East ' Macquarie, ' went there, rind remained there several days,-canvassing tho district'in favour of Sir John Robertson, bringing up voterä,' and ho was told on th'b ahthortty bf n. gvntlmnnn ?whom no- wno* would üouDt, that tho hon. gentleman took his placo in tho.crowd at tho election. Ho saw':-himself, when he went to record his voip ns an elector of Canterbury, tho Fostniastcr üenerní performing tho samo'class of duties ho hadjseon him pe'r'for-n at olrctious'for'yeeirs past' That was tho first: tinio iii tho history pf this country that''Ministers of the Crown had demo such things. (Hear, hear,--and 'No, no.), ilt waa Ibo first time^fCeplain OXSLOVV :. And it won't bo tho Inst] [Slr JOHN ROBERTSON VI cbúlel point, to examplestwehtv^years ago, 'nnd tho hon.' uicinbcrtink part in.itji :[Mr.EARNELL : Ho was nob ip ellice twenty yeTars, ago.] ,. Whotover gentlemen might tliiuk, it ultf- - nintely coiieerncd bvbry ónó of them.' The Ministers diil' not como there as Mr. Combe» and .-Mri Baker ,-i no ono could object to'that.;- But they-- carried with thom their" ofllco, and tho ,i,nfliionco, of it, which they h'nd no business . tc elr.ig ' into ' ari. election contest "It'-wits' Mm possible fbr a 'Minister to npiiear personally in u contested election wituout.briiiging with him tho wcishtof hiseiiTice,1 without-scandalising our institutions, niid committing n wrooi; that'oiight to bo Severely punished. ' -'Hie Ministqr cpiililmnko it'asi'plnin'io ah elector ns if he'said it '-ia-words, "If you^wanta.sitiinlloii, I ara in. a position lo give you' one," in a way ' suUlciciitly intclligiblb ti ciiiuiiiand. Vo(es, anel.he said this Government had ? ornndiilistsV-this cbuntrj for tho flrstTtinio by Wis participation Inflections. Hodidno't rcinombcranyiOi'iiei-ivhcrea Minister lind wrsonally ontei.rnl into n'cotitesfed elejctlbn. [Mr. DAVIES:. I cnn point to, half-a-dbzcn'.] The boh. number could not; For his own part, hb had always made it a condition with hi* colleagues .that, they, should not interfofo in elections. [Captain ONSLOW:'Ha,ha,] Tlibhon: member-might laugh'as, ho liked;: Did lia not seo tho .difference between writing a -Iffier. and.-n .-personal, attendance ?. Ho repeated. th-it' tho conduct of these Ministcrs.w-asunwarrnUbblo'. [Captain ÖNSf.OW': All Govornmohts hrb tarred' with tho samb bi-u'Sir;] ; That wns i simply not tho cáse as far ns. Tia hnd boen concerned.' l[Mr. DAVIES: When Mr. Flood was a candidate for Central Cumhorlnml,' you pcrtonnllynddrcssed tho electors.] But ho was not a Ministor at tho limo. "The hortf.momb'or was giving fresh evidence of his -unlitncss for his ofllco, by boing unable to .distinguish betw-eun the two: cases." Ho hbped tho hon. member for Camdon; who said all Ministries wero tarrcel with tho samo brushr would in- stance somo! caso whore some other, Minister had spent nino days in a constituency endeavouring, to itiflucnco tho elec- tions. He was sure tho hon. member would fail. For tho credit of tho country he would fail. Ho trusted that that woiild.l'o tho last timb that Ministers would over personally appear iii any contested election. Tho utmost ho : hod over eloiio when "in office, was to nppo-ir on tho hustings nt tho nomination where a colleaguo was . con- cerned. . Ho hael never dono moro flinn tluit in his life. [Mr. BAKER: You sent letters and. tole gratn-!.] That was a very different thini in'lecd. [Captaih ONSLOW : Not very. J Was it necessary for him to repeat ihat aMiuister, in moving about, i-arried with him, 'nil tho pu'ironngepf Iiis office, ' ariel his pressnco at a con- tested .election wiis-calculated-to' destroy the independence of thnt election. ? Well, thcro was another inntter to which ho allusion had-been iuado, but to. which hq.must allude, as .nu illustration of. tlio character of thia.. Administration, and finit' wns ' tho Celebrated Bueb'annn lefter. ' ' (Opposition cheers.) ' '-Would aiiv : man behove that Mr. Buchniinn .wrote, thnt'doltoi? . "(Hon.- members:- .Yes.),.. [Captain ONSLOW: -I bolievo.it] . [Jlr. BAKER: '.I^olibve it for ono.]' [Mr.'' GIÎAY :' He is quito' capablo:- of lt.];- Ho'did» not say .it-was a forgery ; it would bo .rather difhoult : to Hay. what would boa foi- gery, under tho circumslauces,. hut there could be nti ' doubt ' oii tho uiind of any orto with the ? slightest knowledge of Slr.'Buehanaii-(laughter from tho .Government sido) nnd his style of .writing,-,that thnt letter wns hot, written by him', but wns á'hoax, of written to create mischief. No ono with any knowlcdgo of Mr. Buchanan's peculiar genius could for. ono-moment supposer that if ho had any such intention. , as convpyed . in that letter, - thnt ho would'r- convey it in that kind of ' "fashion. Nothing could ham boon moro simple than to have nèknow ledged.tho.i-eoeipt'oí this lotter, nuil if Mr. Buchanan had not repudiated it, of courso tho letter vfo'ulil bb shown 'tb' bo his.- (Hear,-hear.) '-What could wo sav bf gehtlemch whb in their Anxiety to daniago nn opponent'nttemptcd. to;fftsten upon him such nktter.as tliis? If such a thing ns that lind been done hy.h Ministor in England, tho mau who did it would liof bo ublb.to'llft.up his head after having- resorted to sijeho iiieiiu, coiitemptiblo device as that.- , Thoso wlio had rcud.tho violent cqiTcspbudcuco on tho part of Mr. BiiChnnnn, And tho still moro violent, virulent letter' of tho Prime Minister, must feel shookod that tho gentleman at tho head pf,tho Government, .should have put his, nnuio to such a letter. ' .' ' . ' ' ' ' ' ' - ; Slr JOHN ROBERTSON; Who dragged itboforotlio public ? Your friend Buchanan. . Sic;HENR\" PARKES: Tho scandal consisted injiaving tho name of the Primo Minister of tHo'ebúuW attached t o such vulgar--abuse as.tliati:. (Ch'eoiS.) .He believed that Mr. Buchanan was-ín injured ;.niau : and'if tho Go.vornuiont wero not prepared to, take his denial, they would, if thpy hnd any manhood in tholr compositions, 'tako bvbry mean's to ascertain the uctuul fn'-ts". ? -. ' . . Sir JOHN ROBERTSON: I am doing it. Sir IIENBY PARKES: Tho vulgar,Uunt of having it photographed nnd ipnt over tho country. Was that tho sort pf contliji-t to oxpoct from tho Primo Jlinister;- and would it inspire confidence thnt tho affairs" of tho country wero'safo in tho hands of men who had dono tho things ho had pointexl outp How omld we bo assured that men who wero so lost to overy high and proper feeling were to bo trusted to administer, thc affairs of tho country when tho strosaofla , strong temptation was placed upon thom ? ."What nYidehoQ j had.wp had of their capacity to administer tho affuirs of j tho country during this last throo months '-' Thoy replaced in tho public service men Whom they had since hem coirijtolled to j remove, nnd'whose removal was'tho only comlonntinn of thd tufpitudo of' rheh'- reappointment." Ho 'toak no txccptroh 'to tho gentlemen appointed to tho IvCgtotlvo' Council'; bnt whnt right had n Govcm 'inónt, 'Whose ' very oxistenco was challenged"-Ills , 'iliotuout they carno'.into ofllco, to oxercUo tho. ; highest ¡ function of .patronage or lo do anything ¡hut . transact i ordinnry business? Tho Premier, talked of nppointmonts nlndo by tito Ministry, of which ho was a mouther.; but ho acknowledged that that was ono of tho strongest Governments Which 'lind existed fri this country. ¡ "Who was moro entitled to uml.c such appointments Jhun 'a Government' who had tho support of a Wong inkijdfliy? Thbro was -no 'parallel between "file two'case*.' '"Strong "Mliilslrleei which hod'-oxisted 'for : 'yftlraln-'Eifpl ind -would npon rutiring from olllco make such ttppeiutmonts; but hero wo hail a'Minislry who had y.ot to .provo their very title to exist. , As to ibo ability of these .gentlemen to liiunngo tho affairs of tho country, .tie speech ;pilt into tho mouth ot the Governor afforded sufficient matter 'loir argument. 'It vns'n long speoeh, mid two-thirds of it ' was matter which ought never to have been iutrnluccd-; paltry malters, aitch ns tho 'appointment of acomtniwon to YcprtMcnt thocüloiiv nt Parisj- and thu preparation of intimates; ! fur ' sewerage. 'When \vil» tho-PitrHnmcnt of England; cvOr'taldvf's'iich'transnctions'iiia spucrh from tho thron')? 'Let hon.'memboi'ii' examine tbo-speoch toidiseovornistntc- ; ment óf the cause* of calling Pni-linment. together,-¡and j. tlievwonld' fnll to find ft singlo glimpse of anv policy by i twhicli tho country wa» to bo govornol. Tho whole legisla-:1 ? tlöti.}>roposo.l wo« a rehash of a mimbcf of imperfect, crude, j nnd ill- considered mensures which wero (h opped in tho lnst| 'Parliament. Tho ohly'inrgo question which intorostexl tho. public at tho present timo- wafrtlieminngenicnt of the public! eitnte, and ho'risked' those'who hud un intimateknowledge of tho ra'«tonilor 'tho Finning intwests of the.colony, nr. who wero anxious to promolo tho causo of Ihn small agri- culturists, ? wactlreV.thoyworio mtlitle 1 with tho.roforeiico1 mlulo to tho contemphltotl, amendment of tho . land law ? i -ThofiiTcb of'tho nilminlstmtion of tho land ¡aw proved.tkat ; tho-law'wus' dofottivo in' -principle. .(Hear,. hear.) '-It proved that tba principles upon which tho huv resto 1 wcro inapplicable to il proper disposal of 'tho public estate, j Thc Very provisions 'which 'seventeen years 'ngo were ' framoel to guaní' ' a«tlnst . ¡gigantic . speaii-: lation in land had bron ' so distorted that :. tho i hind hitd been bought up In larzc-fmci* for .the ven- worst; of all purposes--tluit of holding it in n sl.tto.of dormancy.' (Hearj hear.) It would not have bc?n no bad if these tmcU libel passed into tho hands of wealthy men who intended to' pinko uso of thom,' hilt tho land w's' bought f ir the very .purpose of preventing settlement. (Hear, hear.) .If wo, were congratulated on our combine! prosperity because tho, money was llo ving mto our o-xehequor from tho salo of tho: .tanti; "that- tras*-a- delusion,' '-for . this. money .waa obtained from laud acquire! by gentlemen engaged in pas- toral'occupations v.-hii would Hover have ilionght of obtain- ing it'if they bsd hud reasonably secured lioldines from tho Crown. The land was not bought to bi renvorted jut} farms, or ta bo sown with urtilicial gra-scs, but by p.ntoriilists, who wished to gunfd their lands from setllo-j 'nient. ' ' ...-.'... - - .. '...Mr..ECKFORD: By the» volunteer land orders. ' .Sir, HENRY PARKES : "Who gave to thofo volunteer lane! ordern theVninUtv which umihlcd them tn bo'.used for .this purpose ?.' Sir Jo!m Robertson. (Cliei'.-ra.) Parliament pawed tho law creating tlia^o lund oriiur-i uimnimousfy, but the orders were not tran s ie ml do, and it wa' tho regulation fnttneel by the presenr Premier timi, made llioso land, orders' (?emvf-rtiiilo for tho purpose to which thov h ul hccn,appl*cd.' Sir JOHN ROBERTSON : Tho hon. member U mis rcpresDuliii'_' the >-.-ise, nnd ho knows it. . ? 'Mr.'SPEAKER: Orlor. ord*r. -j Sir JOHN HOHERTSON: And ho knows ii. i Mr. SPEAKER: Ordt-r, order. : ?Sir'HENRY PARKES :'Thc onlv signiOcanco of tho hon. gentleman's interruptions was, that tho hon .member", was called to order. Any hon. mouiber who cho-:o io refer to thc'Act nnd tho regulations would seo where tho truth lay; Tliolaw h id renlly .tended to-tho iiioiiopoljsiitiein-oi tho hind in tl'» worst form. . It bael not, satisfactorily pro-, ?noted settli-mout fir. agricultural purposes; and tho very 'factthat tlif'ioshoul.l bf!' so tauch uncertainty, dolar-, ami'. ?wreiViir, showed liowtlofectivo'were tlio.frimoworttan-.rxhp ?principles-of tho Ia .v. .'Ho did not say th it these cans'. quencos were designed or could have been't'orescbri. What was -wanto 1 now waa' n". niu.-h . more i comprehensivo tnoasuro than that-indicated in tho spieoh-a. pleasure) that would eliminate from this law tho principles óf injury which wore inhérent in it. '-What was wanted wa» moni definiteness'and'certainty of tho-rights of .porsons whq attempted, to occupy tho'publie,brads of .tho ountry. Al| that wo wero told was thu wo were to hnvo, somo nmending hill such ho supposed ns that lniel hefnro tho last Parliament by the late'Minister f jr Lands.-..Theisp^cch told .us thnt gi-eat altérations would bc iiiado, to promote tho cdicjencv i>f tho Land Department. These altérations might or might notbem-ido : but this was stuff which ought not to bo put into tho mouth of lils Excellency.. Piiclüimon'.rcqiu'red to ho iuformeel of tho various measures likely to be laid boforp it; Of any important transaction allectin^ tho'diameter of tho boiintry, such o» its roliition- toRomo of tho other colrtnioi or to the inothor country ;. but thoy wero never told-did not desire to bo told-there was. no utility in tolling them of mere departmental nffuire. The samo might bo said of tlio other measures,- especially of tho Municipalities, Dill. . What was wanted in a chango of. tho. municipal. law. \viis n coui prehensivo extension .with n .cluss of representativo insfitii tioris of a less' pretentious ohai-actor than municipal councils,1 suchas rosd'trusti...' Then thore was tho ,bill for .amending the Customs'. hw. .. Thnt \ was a thing that lind been promised, propiised, and promised year after yiür. Tbéií -tho lion, gontloman told thom thatanElcctoral Üillwasfobo introducoel,' but of a diameter that was net to bring, about ?a.general election. Ho was very curious to know what, snclií n bill would -be. It was a bill to increase :represeritation.whore it waa required itnd to reduce it-.wheld reduoing lt was reenijrcd. /Wliat did it mean ? ? I Sir JOHN ROBERTSON ; You should wait and seo.] [Mr. R. B; SMITH: 'We've-'been- waiting - tw.mtv years.] - Then .they hod a.numbcrof cjtloul/Hiims about tho'progrcsi.of thé .roví-nuoT-n «ottflf indication of n financial staiemoht. "Spcq a thing.as that was hover introeliice-d inti) Shy'speech of .tliei kind. Tho next thiiin'wa8 n;gréat deal of ñonse-isó about tho extension pf railways. Ho would invite the attention of thn.Hoiisa to tho following, words:-"You will also lil asked to mako tho necessary provision for the construction hf f ruilwovs from Wallerawang, to Maelgee, and- from OiitRttd to .tho .Valley of tho.Lnclihin ; to hring fhb railway f rmi tho present:Redfern terriiiuus into tho elly, nud to extend it tn the suburbs." Ho would like to know what wns inonnt by brimriiig tho Taihvny intp-the.city.and exfamdipg.it. jnto tho suburbs. . .Atall cvent3, thp pxpre}ssiou showed tho looseness with whicli.tho paragraph had been put tbgéthóf for!'fha mere- purpose of showing a semblance .of ïussineas. It ,was a mrroirppr^lucfion pf- thosa ,green oni bluo .lines hiiel on tho tablo some.months riga fo deludo' hoii/'mémtóra out of their votes. - From tho beginning to tho end ot :tluj 'speech thore was, no indication of any important mensuro jbcsingi brought: forward-rehear, hear)-no* ipdicatiun that any largo question lind been uuder considcraiion-r^ho'indi- cation that the Government hud any fixed policy- whatever; .Iri the aUto-in-;which they, w^-rp living it did,"not .requiro .prophetic eyes, tb seo that tho taxation of tho coimtrj- must bb dealt with boforb very long", for the revbmio withöuti tho ' money .that' .flowed -.in- from tho JmifTovjdcut, salo Tot tho public landa ,\ypuld bo altoïetlicr inadequate, to carry.on tho atlairs of tho country. With afargo increase of lúo'ney at tho disposai bf the Govornmont, habits of extravagance hiid been,fostered, and- thc expenditure had. been .yerv niuph .larger-hy Jcason.rof .tho undue plothom' of wealth' that lind been nt tho disposal of PaHiimcrit'and bf tho EkocnQveJ Whenever tho time arrive!-and already thero were indicA-! ;iieJns ;of .ita jotting; Jn-r-whop t'ao w-holpsalo selling of tho public^cstnte;. cjenscd,tba countrv would bo ¡u n.state bf flnnnaaV embarnissinont. ~ ' So fh'o present lime, pa'i-h'nps, w as tho best time ;of-ull tillie» for facing tho question, nnd When something should bp iudicated as to .what ths policy pf tlib Goverñmqnt wa» to bb as to imposing now burdens on the countrj-. -Yet thoixi whs riot a slnirle rnv bf lfoht''its to -tho intentions of tho" G.qvprnment on thu subject. They had promised a remissiou pf.dutios.tliey hal never r«niitted, nnd talked bf imposing' 'dqties''tönt tbóy'luid never iiiiposoj.' None of th'uir- propositions; in' conuuittbo' had, ever been dealt with seriously,; there...was, .reason to, fear that matters' would*' continuo * in tho ' samp groove 'as longa« there was plenty of nioner, and that ' tho couril'rvi .wonld'bein avposition of. greater.ditiiciiltv arid greater peril ,thon it ihaej- over boon placed in,,.before. r Tlioy had no ?indlcatioij of what the. policy of ' the ' cbuniry'was ' to be. Arid wa*:-tho present Government" tb bb' nüpporlbd with .8uch-slendorevidcnc:s of )it« ability, andupder tho cirottm stances under which it hold o|ll.co-that,was, when respbet 'alilo iiicinbbr after nieiuber .refiis.ed to' joiri. it. ànil when i 'member* who nt ono tinto lind Condomnbd it lind af ter'i-urds .' .joined it?? : Ay*as>uaq Sj- Gpvcrnuient tb,bo trusted.by.any j .Parliament with managing, (hp affairs of tho couptry"?' iïf' inoré was no conllderico in thom in tho Parliament that luid boon elisnnssed, and ;if thcxa-'was no .«viderico of their; haying acimired.increased cpnlie"enco, from Üio. const!-; tupneies, was UioHouso to be drawn to tho conclusion that I nthertigst all tho n'oiv moinbors who had ouwrcd tho'Housóínüd amongst tho meuiber*-vfho had sat thoré before, t]iareiw'as not material for forming a. Govornment .\vhich.wbiildh«vo ú fáir sUppórt, ' arid who, with, tho power bf á falr tíohest inhiprify,' could carry ori th'e affairs of the couii'trj- ¡ri a" fair and ctlicient manner ? ! ,-No Governniont could rulo properly unless, it y,-ss supported by u majoiilv. . .For.his ejwn port, i hq would.rather trust' H Gpvornmbnt of bad' men' with a< sound'inajbrity, 'than n Goverriiuent of "bettor mon koptïn'à1 position, of hind to mouth .rieeessity. "tn,tho onci.case,'' jvliatoyor was good iii moil would çompoutof.thciu. w-horpas' it.was1 known that under thb prcssiirb of noeessify Govern- ments had ncted in tho mós't discreditableinanncr; ?' [Captain .ONSLOW: ,And soinothnes without-it.| ,Tlio,h.bu. )ne)n- j ber for Sf; Leoiitihls ' required no n'pologv. That gentleman's riieitieiri' was ' màdo - in . proper 'time' mid form.: . It , was : moro ' faii:'.at' .-the present' time to. thor Goveruiiieut, inoro ? fair to hon. members, mid certainty' inore fair tb tho cóuritrj'." The sjiiTere'rs by a w'eák Adriüríistrátioh would bo tho people,-arid no GovPr'n merit could cari-y ori.tlip ntl'airs of ' the'ebuntry \vith advan- tage) te) tho public and with credit, to thbnisclvos unless they weresupported hy a' majority; tlirit majority hoiug': held togcthb'r' by : tho 'approval of -their, policy... « Partiañiorít ^hitherto hail been almost perpetually in session; ami hp was ; afraid that ninny hon. gontlemeri ' thought, flint n Govern- ment hud ribdnties to'perform than 'to sit bri' thb Govern^ mettt honchos in parliament. . Inti healthy sthto of-things L Pariiamont ought not to sit longer than four months at a time. Parliariient was to assist tho Government; chock abuse, and eland in tho way of encroachments upou tho liberty of tho subj cet. Four months would bo nocossary for tho oxoroisp of that powor placed in the hands of tho ropro 1 scnfotivos nf tho poi.plo that would compel a Government i to ? do - its duty. If tho motion wero not carried, ho for ono hoped tho Government wouW bo allowed to go on ' nnd bring tim'session h» tv. speedy clo?o, in order thnt tho affairs of lite country c juld be put in n proper position.' As fur as hu wns concerned, without promising to bon supporter of t|io Govyrnnientj or to forego nay-criticism on their notion ho might think fit to excrete, be would bo no party to form .an onslaught on their position. Tho reputa- tion of tho Government for. hones';, cincicnt, arid - satisfac- tory administration should bo above everything. Ho did hot' holtovo thoy wura all tarred with tho »mo brush, or that they Were nil actuated by tho sordid motives attributed to them. Whatever mistakes might bo committed, ho did not boliovo .that they molo from motives of that kind. . I'or hi» own part, hi' thought Hie pres6nt Ministers were not entitled to Jikcouliderico, nnd ho would bo.glad to seo thorn displaced, .without.rofcrenco to who might succeed them, s> bmg ai it was a botter Administration: but, if they obtained n ma- jority, JioJioped tho Assembly would forbear I'r'oin-givinir theni anything like tho hnmoVng treatment which ho had experienced at tho hands of some of theni, (Cheers.) 'Slr. STUART heartily .re-echoed tho sentiment wMi which his hon. frioiid-hnd concluded. He fmstcd that tho division which would follow thu dobato would bo taken ns a decisivo expression of (ho opinion nf the House. - (Heir, hear.) He fplt himself in soinc'diffieulty in taking ttp.tho subjects' winch lind boen brought by tho speakers who hud preiided him, nnd who had t; ö'ion in opposi- tion to tho Government, because, while tho hon. 'member- for St. Leonards stilted that it was ti|ion .priuciples nnd principles alone that lin asked tko House for ¡its dei/Mon. ; yet nearly tho whole of his speech, and that of tho li-iii.mo.-nbor who had just sit down, werp dovntod to Í)risoualitios,..uiid those, of .tho highest dogroe.. (Hear, .ear.) : ..Tho,personal conduct of .Ministe», during tho olectiins had usen piado a great ground of attack by bath hon. mumbel*. Mr. FARNELL: I did not snvnword abouttho elections. 1'stnfko of tim appointments to tho public service. Mr. STUART : Tho obioctinn had boen enlarged' upon by the hon. member who last spoke, until it appeared a.« if hu hail gathered (overlier all thu gossip nf tho country eon Cirninir members nf tho Govornmeut (hiring the oloctioos ! just ns if every i,i-mh;r nf tho House di l not ilo.wliat ho could to get Iiis friouds elected nnd to gut his opponents kept.uut.-;.. : . . , \- Mr. HOBKINS : Not when in'tho position of Ministers. (H-.ar, hear A -: Mr. STU Alt T : Would tho hon. mambcr say that, when ho accepted oilicn ns iv Minister ho lost his rights ns a citizini' fClicers.*1. Mr. M1CLIIONE : I should Uko to know how much of the public money bas boen spent tm telegrams. Mr. STUART: Until tho hon. member found that public money had been prostituted to that purpose, ho had np right to iiisiau it i it. Jt ivas insinuations- liko tho-o that brousfht our Parliamentary proceedings into contempt. (Hear, hear.) But tho conduct ot tlib. Ministers during tho elections had be-.n enluigxl upon to a degree which ho thought was quito unworthy of tfio occasion. Tho matter which they wem met to consider was, wcro tho present occupant« "of office worthy of the ?confidence of tho Ho iso, or wera they not? Was it boctusa they might -send .a tolcgrain,: or go , upon a huttings to :spe»fc their individual sentiments, that th»v were rondored incapablo of carrying- on tho tmsines! of the country.V They wera told tint there was a innrko.l i différence between, going amoagsttho electors and oipres-i iii j one'J yiows, nnd writing nnd telcgr.iphinir those views. .He j*tw no ditfproiico whatever; but if there.was any diilorcnee. it sceiiiM to him that tho sin, if sin there «vs, wiis irrealer in tho latter e.aso than in tho formar. ButJit would rather sen n niau stand forward boldly and neknow lc-lg.; what ho waa doini, than see him sneak under covet of someono olso while doing exactly tho same tinny. Ht did nit kniuv that it was soeinly to" take any part in thast mutters: Ile rather thp-ight that thoelectors should bo lei perfectly free to choose ihoir representatives : and tho cnn elusion ho drew from tho existing s'atc of things was thal it would bo bettor to dispense with publio nomination: altogether, nnd leave tho doctors free from tba cxoitoiiieut occasion»! by thain. But ho Protest« oguiitit them nttcoipts to lay blnino upon tho?o who did thi thing openly when the hon.* member who criticised had dom tho samo thing hisisuli by putting forward o'.hsr persons a his tonis: -Another reason given for expressing want o o-óníldenco in the Minutera was that they had no warran for their otll-^a, that the lato, Government retired for ni inîiiflicient cause. But, if the last Government retired fo ail insulliciont cause, thnt was not the fault of tho presen holders of office. Tho head of nn Administration liai always tho power to incept any question, great or.small, a a test whereby ho should stand or full: and Mm lust Govern meat had tho option of stying that they did not confide the Inst adverso vote against thom ono on which they shout retire. But no one could say that because the did not take that course, tho present hoblers of oflico ha no warrant for the o Mices they tilled. They had a titi to their ollices bcc iuiv it. had not yet been iu tbopowor. c tho Hoiiso t i iVspoisoss thom. "It now rested with tb House to say uh thor they thought tho Government wei capable of carrying out the mca-nma that ought to bo cat ried out for thc good of the country. It was but fair thi they should wait and seo what tho Government could do whtther thoir measures wero really for tho good of ft country- l<ot them throw asido" all ncrsonality an endeavour to afford the Government all tho holp in the power in parsing their measures, and. to maka them i perfect as tiley could. Do not let them give an unjust di ci.«ion bec tuso of somo personal objection to tho mombersi thc Government in tho past. T.otlhembo judged on the merits ; npd then if thoy failed in carrying on th Government of the country, ho would be the first tn witl draw his rnnlldenco from thom. (Government cheero Brit he would not withdraw his confidenco merely beean there might bo something in tho »tmonnel nf tho Ministi to which Jio might object. Tho hon. member talked of tl weakness .of the lenders of theHonse. Hut the hon. gel tlonjan. did not show theni that they wero likely nil at on to find others who could carry,on tho affairs of the count r Tho House .consisted of twp parts-ono, rf members wi we'p! there before, and tho other, of noiv members. Tho flintjWero.tliero before had been-pretty well tried: and seemed from tho trials they had mado again, and ngainj ni again, thnt thoy were vannie to, form a better Ministry tht they, had-ha't- It was not because there might n 'have-'been greater ability, but for ono reason' another- there seemed to ' bo an impossibility .gcttirjg ability of vari.iu.'i kinds to' como together. Fi .-différent'times durin r the last Parliament was it trie .without, success, AV ell, then, were they ut once to'disposs: .those'gentlemen of their ónices, and wore they to take sot o? .theso' others who had been tried and found want iii; "V\"ns.thaliQh.,i:entlemhri who preceded him likely to forrr stronger -Administration out nf tho' old members than iiid Fri tho last Parliament? , Shorn'na'he was of much' thnt- which' ho considered necessary to ' form :a':'stro; Ministry ' na was ' evident by! tho ubsenco of thé It 'Ministers, -was the boil, gentleman likely to form a strone Ministry .than - ho did before, when what he considered iï lliorvcry strength of his'Minisiry. had departed from hit Ho could,not for ono motliest doubt tho ability of t pow '.members of. this House. They had evidence tl thcro çc.re men here who would . not soon f to . make\ their mark. Them wero riien among "t .twenty or 'twenty-one now. riombcrj who were ns lit; would; ho'when .they, had a little 'experience, as any of t old members of tho Ho'uso to appear as occupants of t Minist : Hal benches. Hut'they were not tried, nnd it wot be - the height; of unreasoning to expect a Ministry to formed ont of thea1) now members at tho present time.; 1 these gcütlt-tnon bring their power« to investigate the qui lions brought'before them nnd assist in testing tho abil .of thoso who now occupied tho Ministerial benches, an¿ they found that tho present Government were umrort to occupy thoir positions, arid that others from their tulei >vero prepared to carry the .Government oh, ho would prepared to displace the On» t> mako room for tho ad vant lncntof the other. He did not deny that there was ability Ihô Into Ministry. There, were sonip members of it nt win feet lie would hnvo been glnd to sit. Hut they did not thnt tho Into Ministry, with oil tho ability there might ht been in Fomo of its component parts, was able toicarry thc affaire oi the country. It was marked-nnd ho did i uso thotorm in nny. se'nso of personal disrespect -it ,\ marked bv.inanity.anil inibeiility.iu nearly ovorv stop of ..career. But rcturíiin!; to tho question of whether it wu matter bf ho moment on wliich tho hist Governni resigned, "he co.nsidereil ; it was a matter of tho gniv moment. Ho can'stdcrcd'that tho matter atisiuowiis : merely whctliortho Atto'riiey-Geiieiàl of tho Into Gove . inent "was right or riot right " in the interpretation which" Í" nit npoh tho Hist clause of tho Land Act, but also whetl io wnsvripht in tho manner in which he comnmnicatod tl: or allowed, it to be comtnuni&ited;, without oven ucknowlca ing his. colloatucs in .tho.jiiattor. (Hoar, hoar.) Hoi .not-now^going to say which of tho , two legal gentler . wat ¿oooñcbdjtl- HU. interpretation : but tho chnuge'in' ,.Sutérpre6irjou.putiipbn the cJnusobyMr.Garretfinvolve 'çliiange, in' -jtho adhiinis'tratiph of tho Act.s It'; jn.'.'conso.queneo. bf this, and especially,tn cónsoquí of, ibo way iii which ho com'tiiunicated his'docisiou witlu the'Snowlddgo of' his colleagues, arid that to a lt agent'of th^cblony-(hear, hear)-which was' of so h a degreoof 'impropriety that itcarried with it tho condom 'tionof-tho/Miuistry." Tho House, then refused to a! .thiim-'io' go .'on with tho. busiuess of the country jtnovirig .tlie adjournment, .which, uudor tho cirçumstiîu .was the .strongest way in which tho Hó'uso' could marl ¡condeiiinatión of tho way, iii which .tho Govornmeut 'dealt willi! tho 31st ¿lause.' Therefore, if"it lind bec "trivinl mattet upon which tho Into Miuistry retired, still '¿rosout-Ministry word entitled, to the ofllces they hold ; 'he coufeiidcd flint it was not a trivial - nuttier' but :thn"t' :' enhiod "with it most momcutOus issues ;tlie interests .of tho wholo country. It .really '. tho i paramount question before tho coun and involved the .whole administration of our land lu iThero.was scnreely a singlo member of that Parliament . did not fcelhiuisolf constrained . to give his views upon land . question when addressing his constituents. (H lear..) ..Another reason given against tho present Govi ment .was that tho Minister for Mines hal joined 'Government. Now, tb his mind, that was reason why, if ho had confidence in tho Govemn befóle, he would have moro confidence now. That 1 member had beena supporter of tho head of tho pre Government, over since ho had boen a inomber of 'House,;with, tho exception of two or three occasions yv Jio had felt it his duty to vote iigainst him. But bec ,tho hon. inoinbor had, felt it his duty lo mark his opin .whon.iho Government hal done what ho considered Mt unwise'.thing, when that obstado .was " reino añil .'.líe, way was cleared ., for him to tho Government, was that io bo niadó tho occasion foi condemnation of tho wholo Administration? Tho tl wns nbsurd : it was contrary to common sense. Had t ever been a Govornmeut ia which some members hac toen found who had not at somo timo or other voted against 'each oilier, mid been tenfold morn opposed than Sir John ''"Robertson nnd Mr. Jncob bsd boen!'- (Hear, hear.) lt might bo a misfortune but it was_thu consequence of the smallness of our Parliament. liven in thc British Vniliaiuorit wo saw changos ot sides and changes pf <iomion«,-'tind we saw mon associated together who lind for I nïorly votod against each othnr. With tho limited Parlia- ment we had hero wo cou Itt not hnvo i Parliamentary go- vernment at all if hon. members did not balança in 'hoir own minda whether the fact of opposing a Ministry at par- ticular times 'should'keep' them for ever from joining that "Ministry. In hw opinion the Minister for Mines was u source of strength to tho Government, nnd ho believed tho House would consider it so. Then thoy were told they should withdraw their confidence, from tho Government, hociu«o they lind sought to maintain their position Wy .spending money. Ho thought that objection cairne with a 'marvellous degree of inconsistency from Mr. Parnell, who during thu hist two- years..luid-bean continually charging ngainst tho Robertson Govomiucnt that they were not spending 'money fast enough: Dût- tho . Government had nevor speit a sixpence that tho Honsrj had not authorised, or that it did not npprovo.of after it had boen .spent, if. tho chargo hod beon that tho Ministry had bean lax in sp;njing money ho could have understood it, but this charge, hu thought, was brought in a spirit nf extremo captiousness. Then they wero told that tho Govern- ment did not deserve- their confidence- beca-.ua of thu expenditure "in tito- Lands . Department, and in substantiation of thnt chnrgo they had boon fronted to a .comparison of tho. lind ? expenditure of this colony aud tJiat uf Victoria. The laud expenditure of this colony was £310*000, nud in Victoria it wno only £02,000/ But outof .that abu sum of £253,000 was for surveying expenses, nn.l it was- not put forward until it wns drawn out,, that ill.. Victoria, tho purchasers of laud pay.for. tho survey. (Hoar, hear.) And it. w.is thu (¿uno ia Queensland - tho' Government made tho survey, and ; charged- tb» purchaser with tho cost of. it. In Queensland tho land was charged nt n lower roto, and tho purchaser wyH the survey fees ; hero il is sold ut tho higher rate, nrld includes tho "survey fees. Theroforn thurn was rm ground of. comparison. It "wits said; thit.tbp land svstsui uf . Victoria-was cheaper th.itt ours.-' Ho did-not beliovo it was.. Wlicro tho population was equally ! deaso iu .New- South . Wales - with', what it was lin Victoria ho did - not think that- tho st do- lmen t of Iho hon. lnombor would bb borne ont, thal ' tho expenses .of surveying wero more in Now South Wales than they wero in. Victoria. Of course they were more, tnkinytho" whole dinny togothcr-(hear, hear) : bul look nt the enormous tracts of country, and tho. isolated snots ia Now Sputh Wales, whilo Victoria was compiiu tivoly compact.. But if tho expense was greater here, thal was not tho fault, of this Government. Tho,, system had been going on for tho last twenty or thirty years, and tin present. Govcmmont'wero not responsible for it. If ii could bo shown that tlie present Government lind had ar opportunity, to mako an iraproveinont, mid had dec'.inci to do. so, then they would be upsn to coniure It muit.be years .before the survoy systoiu could bo brough into that stats of oliiciency which! was desirable: buttha ufiM nv reason-why wo should be asked to withdraw oui confidence from the Government. Then it was said that tin Government hid' improperly reduced "the rates for tin ( ourringo of-goods ; but it reu'inined to bo seeii whether thoj had acted unwisely or not iu their reduction of tho railwni rates. Tho general principio applicable to such cases wn' that in proportion as the. cost of carriago was reduce; would, bo . tho amount of gooJs to ho carried. Th. larger tho.-traffic tho greater tho hoon to tho country Of course, th» moment-you-got down fo a point bclov which the traille failed tn "pay, you wer.; saddling the wran person with tho cost. (Hear, hear.) Th* ¡ron. member linc not shown that tho effect of tho reduction proposed by thi present Government would bo a lois to tho revenue. Tin hon. inomber said that it.would, but tho amount which h named, £100,OM). was so largo as tn .condemn his state mont if there wero no increase in tba traffic cpnsenuon upon tlio reductions: still tho statement of. tho hon. mern ber appeared tq him t a be, reckless. Another reason adduce, mr condemning the Government was thnt they had intro duced no.Mining Pill ; but. considering tho short time tho had been in nlliee, and tho uncertain, tenur.i b; which they hold their positions, it was absurd tn expect tho they should bo prepared with a Mining BUL , His observa ' tion nhl reading hui Iud him t > conclude Hut the langung of tho Queen's spoecli was merely intended to conseil th I intentions of tjie Ministry. . Tho inanity 0/ viceroy? j speeches had almost passed into an ..xinin. If tho preset: Ministry had produced another of tlie-io inano speeches th»; only followed in tho woko of ovary Ministry who pr; ceded tboirt. Wo wore tol l that b-caüse tho .speech did nc unfold any cro it and comprehensive policy, therefore w were to withdraw our ronadeucj fruin tho Ministers, nu yet in tho same breath it was insisted that th session onght to bo a short one, so that v. might begin tho next session with the business proper to tb year. Tho two demanda were inconsistent (me with tb other. A great and comprehensivo policy was a vcr favonrito phrase ; but ho never found tho Ministry th: propounded such a policy. Thc only true and great polit for thocountry was to do tho workof tho countryfrnni day 1 day, and he regretted that thcunsee-iilyreerimiiiutions whit took the place of honest work in tho last Parliament lu to somo oxtent been commence 1 in this. It w. immnterial to tho point at issuo how tho Miniite came into ofiicc. Tho fact was that they we- in office, nnd wo ought to require of them that they shou1 do the business of (ho country. "Wo did not want a P.11 li intent of great and comprehensivo jiollcies, but a Pa: liamont that would work.' If the Government did n produce, good measures, lot thom go, and they could not . too quickly for him ; hilt ho said we were bound to gi' them a fair trial. It was not creditable to the comm' serisoof tho Houso that we 'should waste time upon nee trivialities such as that one 'Minister sieoko favour of tho election pf another, or that a Minister w said to'bo elected a few minutes before tho proper tim Before we could sweep away a Ministry on such groum ns had been adduced, wo onght to prove that thc clock w right : that thc telegraph operator looked at it : that t! tune stated on the' telejrram was really 12.5, not 12.15, at so forth. . If tho facts had boen properly stated they mig bo the ground pf objection to tho i-cturning-ofilcer, not tho Minister, who, it wns not alleged, lind used ni improper' infiuonce. Tho land law would r quire our most careful consideration und dnicmlmei Tho charge was that tho speech did not couinin n sufiicie sketch of the work lo 1.0 done. [Mr. M'ELHONE : Wh about Mr. Garrett's amendments 'f\ Tho speech show that they would bo considered. Lot tho House keep t Government to their promises, and if these were not Ice] thero would be a good bill of indictment against tho! Thero wits no question: that tho land law demanded tin consideration. Thö Volunteer land orders had been ono tho greatest curses to the country,' and liad caused more. 1 feeling between the two great parties who were occupât of Iho land tlinn anything else almost. If they wero essentially bad whv did not Sir Henry Parkes endea vour put'a stop to thou? [Sir HENRY FAB MES : introduced two. bills foi- tho purpose.] T hon. gentleman argued that on account of thi the present Government ought to bo dragged fri their places-[Sir HENRY PARKES: I, did riot.J-tl on account of theni and ono or two other matters, th should be dragged from their places, and that tho f urce tho Inst three yean should bo repeated. Let thom go with tho work of the country.- Ho'hoped tho Houso wot show that it believed tho amendment to be not only u English, hilt altogether un-Australian. Mr.'HOSKINS said that ono advantage in having t debite adjourned 6n tho previous evening was that, insti of having to listen only to a tirarlo of fluster and nbt ' from tho Coloninl Secretan-, thnylmd the carefully prepm j .speech of the hon. gentleman wlïo lind just sat down. 1 i hon. gentleman, however, had travelled over a wider rai lhan was necessary, and had frequently given what r i povred to bo earnest nn-1 sincere advice to tho new meinh I nt tho same timo entreating them to endorse his views. 1 hon. member scorned to arguo that tho 11 members were ignorant of political lifo, because they 1 ( not been in tho House, and seemed to forget that they 1 had opportunities of. reading the newspapers. Juilgi I from tho speeches, they were very capable of forming ¡ opinion as lp the course they should pursue, and he ho; tiley woTjld record their votés unbiassed by any party fe I ing. Tho hon. gentleman should havo reflected that ~w.is only a young member of tho House, having entere: only in January 1875. ' At that timo tho Parkes Gove nient were in office, and a motion was cirried against th by the present head of the Government, and tho hon. g. . U'otnañ- refused oise to givo tho Parkes Government opportunity to place their policy before tho House. AVI the hprj. gentleman was Put pf pilleo bb had boen ono of moat activo members iii using ovory . means 'obstruct tho- public businoss; (Hcnr, henr ; 1 'from Mr.'STUABT, No. no.) When tho Into Govornm submitted tho Estimates propared by tho Government ! which, tho hon. gentleman was a member, the lum. gem man opposed them. '(Hear, hoar, and loud cheering.) 1 hon: gentleman's homily, therefore, came from him wit vory bad gracie. That gontloman had shown every indi tion pf action that tho head of tho Government lind sho' with tho ' exception that ho conducted himself in a 111 gentlemanly nianner. [Mr. M'E LHONE: An.l not i a clown.] In (lie present, instance tho hon. gentlemen 1 shown himself tin dry nurse of tho present Governriu I "but in doing «o' had omitted ' to state' that ho ' refused to join it, rind : by such an action -clot proved tho want of confidence ho' had iii But. the hon. member had 'gonó further, and, insten:! dealing with thc amendment before' tho Hotisó in ii seri manner; he had referred at length to thc actions of tho 1 "viotis Government. ? What, however, where tho facts c netted with tho history of tho Into Government? T wore in office'four and a half months, nnd, in tho fae opposition, which, was unparalleled in this ' country, t Submitted several proposals for tho extension of rnilwi 'and settled tho Ironbarks and Molong difficulty, bes passing the Estimates. Sir John Robertson's huit Govi meut wero in ollico two years, and what did thov do ? T introduced nnd passed an Amended Land Act, which t 'how admitted to bo radically wrong becauso they inter to amend it, and thoy passed also tho 'Agreements V dating Bill, which had proved to. ho an abortion^ beer no immigrant« had been brought hero under it. Ho mitted that-, he supported that bill on tho representoti made by tho Government, rind because ho wished to rem from . them tho stigma of doing'nothing. ' (Oh! c Hon. members also would hear him out in saying thu had never offered « factious opposition to nny Governih I Ho voted for tho Lands Act Amendment Act of 1875, he was not satisfied yet, though (ho Goveruinout nppei to be, fhntlt was a failure. He considered that- tho 1 member for St. Leonards had taken a very pn courso in bringing forward his amendmont. T hon. member nrnpo-^1 to ask tho last Parliament to exp its'disápproviiWnf 'tho, presonfcGovcrnment; .but, tho .Go- , | vcratñent'having ¿adi inn of tho form« Of- the House tn > avoid that censure, the' hon. member was perfectly right in.' I submitting his .'.motion .Vin. tho present occasion. It ?was in ¡ tho interests, of. the public, business that such ft motion ; should:he:.uiikde', 'now,. bjciiua.-'it would,bia vo thb etfoci of ' saying time . bore-after. . If tho Government wero KU .-csaful ? in thc division - on . the' amendment,.-- he, foe..one,, would'-offer "them . na. factio/Fs .opposition.' There .wera a fo-.v reasons which induced him fo tafe"' tho cbuiib lie'did in this debate, l-'irstpf all ho should call attention to the viceregal speech. Sir ïïoiiry Parkes and, other speakers -said tho Bpcech enunciated impolicy.. Ho thought if: foreshadowed more flinn could possibly bo effected durinsr tho present session. Butthat was charm-. toristk-of. tho hoy. gentleman ut thc hoad;of the Govcrn nu:-nt, for he. remciubtred on one occasion, when tho hon. gentleman was tho 'member of n.Government, that the vice-, regal speach'proniis'sl twcnty-niiu bills, nnd tho outcome of thc session' wns nothing nt "all ; nnd ho und'Ttook to .-ny that would follow the ,propo.-:.ila made in this speech.' Raforring ,to.}hOA^riouii matter contained in tho seventh .paragraph ' of j.tl#. '.peécîir,. to , tho eh'e::t that tho revenait was do-cliriiiitf .ín.ennsoq uenoo . of tho falling off of. .tho land salesi. he cbiiten-Uvd that, that was a circamstanco whh.-h made ii;' thó.duíy of tho Hons.; lo seo that llie Trea- surer was ii' niau of* s-jHif.icnt . nbilify and e:;po'ricnco to frame a policy which would provide sulllcient means to inset tho requirements of tho public'expenditure. Would nnvoms say that the Colonial Treasurer had Ind thatcx periencpy. "Without wishing to say nnvlhihg unfair of tho I ¡iou. geuticnvaii,.'lio thought it would ho, admitted -that at. 1 fir.it hi;'pii'd'siiro'y :ány."attanftón to the'progrès* of. de- ba tes in tho House, 'Knit was generally found in agreeable couve; a (ion upstairs : and .then when tho lite Government Lcninn into otilce. ho distinguished himself by opposing tho : liibst- trivial items on tho Estimates, not involving 'any policy,'. ' (Chóei--.) Tho hon.- gentleman never i' cvldentnl any., ability, und could not bo nild to bo posscjis/xl pt 'flip qualifications for thoo'fice of Colonial j''Tic:ism'0ciit,3Ucka:critical lime ns whT they lind n ileklin-, [? in'i; rovcrmo. AsUu' tho paragraph of the ipcrch relating to j tba railway's:, hp contended limt'tho recent* rcluctioiiin tho rai^. nppöavcd ti hayo, beiîh carried out in a very finp hrä-ihl thinighi&s; way. ' Tho i-hnrgc'.for tho conveyance of articles iuchided in' tho reduced 'Hst -hud, pievious lo tho reduction, boon lower than tho tate nf i-onvcynnee.in any of tho neighbouring rnlmiiot. «nd in sumo in.stnir::s lower even those tho rate; in '-E-nirland. The h ui. genllouir.ri ought to have consi'Jcrid lbs e'tfeet of thu r: duetion in tho receipts. He was not nrep.irL-d.to-go (he length of tho hon. member for .St. Leonards;,in..thinking thnt tho recent reductions would iliminlsh" tho. net, receipts by .¿100,000; but ho - believed ¡ they would causa a. diminution to tho extent o'f-'£3.0,003.' He would givo two illustrations. If their Southern-railway "wera extsnded -to Alhmy.-'at the present rates ch.ire-cd foi- conveyance, (lour would bo con- veyed from Albury to Sydney, 3-iO miles, for a less sum than from Wodonga to "Melbourne, a distanue of only. ISO pilles, and over.'a ljvel line. ne contended that with these rates thc more'Hour thev carried thc grouter would bo the loss to thc colony. And people on the coast, and others who did riot usc the railways would have to bo taxed to nice: this imaginary bcneñt "of country pc.iplo. And thru tuarn tho i-hirsos for tbe'eonvevanco of hay, say from' Bathurst io Orango, ? would never'pay.. It was n fallacy to tay that a reduction was justifiable bocausp the net rccpipts nov,- clo-ply approacliel th.- interest _ on tho debt incurred ein tho cor.Jtrnetion of tin lines, for fully ono-fourth pf tho receipts of their railways was derivod from the amount charged for tho conveynn?o of tho m.'iteri :1s for tho construction of tho railway extensions. If tho extensions wero to cea-o, this source of adiuutago to tho colony, would discontinue. Then tho Government promised to liuve a sehenio of railways for tlie suburbs sub inittel for their consideration. Hut these could not te sub- mitted for some months hence, ns thoy could not he com- pleten! upl.-ss tho Government w^re join:.' to submit in- completo Scheines, as Sir John Robertson when in his lase Government did in regard to tho proposed lino from Wal- lerawang to Mudgee. Ile proposed to borrow £GS0,00Q foi that. When ho entered otlieo ho fouud from tho engineer. that ho did not know who submitted tho estimate.'.' Bbforo ho submitted a proposal he ascertained by a reliable oitimatn thnt' the cost would ba £SDO,00'). Tho proposal of S r John lt- jborteon lind been put forward to delude members, just ns, in tho case of tho railway to the district of Arin! lale> thc.propos.il hid been mudo tb catch -members. Tho;Colouiat feacretaiy hui said that tho pre s--nt Govemmrat hail elope iiothiir,' during tho course pf th" rfcli-ms that refk-ctcd' discredit upon thom. Ho sub- mitted thnt they' had dss-rended to un CXTO-JIS depth or degradation by "one of their number piing about to cinvass for ' voters to, support a colleague who. had bean rejected for a constituency. This was '.lone in" tho district which ho represented. Sir H-uiry Parkes had slate! that he- hn! no fault tc lind with tho arrani-cnienis for tho elections ; if that gentleman had known the airangenieaats for tho country dictions, ho might have bein of a different opiuiein. In tho Tumut thc usual plan Was to have tho nomination on ono day, to allow n dav to intervene, anti then to-have thu pnllimr on tho third day. But on this occasion Mr. Baker was af-Adelong some (lays before tliononiiuation, and ho knew all about tho arrangements. It wa» po nrran^ed that n we-e-k elapsed between thc n-aminatiou and tho polling, mid Mr. Bake.-: ha 1 a work's canvassim; on bob.nl Í of 'his e.-ollea;¿rue, and ne the two last days of the weeli that gentleman heh! forth ir ?p-.'blic nicotine's on hph>:lf of hi« c-iliengiie. Thoywouh' find no pir-.illel for such condun in tho muther country, por in uny of tho Aiistnil'aii colonie.-?. Ir wüí degrading to tho posiiion of a Minister of the .Crown-(beni-, hear)-usin.r tho Government time that ho outfit to use for tho iK-ne fu or his eleep.vrtm.3Ut to influence tho electors to vote for his collengiio. The Colnni'il Se:-rctiiiy had 'endeavoured to junia- tho worle! .believe that his b ung nomina'cl for'so ninny places iiro,i from thc spontane ois action of tho people íln-ms.-lvis. lliü what was thc fn?t ? It was done bv inspiniilon iron Sydney. Tiley hail tho Hon. John IHv'fes t.rl. gr i|.hiog ft tlie; Çlârence, and tolling thom to do their level best for'Si: John Robertson. ' Now,'ho made no exception to auy privnte member doing 'what hp could to influence the votes of í constituency, but ho prot"stcl against a responsible Minister degraüng his position by bring a mero election, cering tout. (Hoar, hear.) Not only the Clarence, hu Mudgee, nnd Eist Macquarie were all worked up bi telogmnis from Sv.lpcy to do tho'r 1 -vol best for Siv Jobi Rob-irtsoii.' At the Tumut sw.i'e of tho electors wrote dowi -to Sir John Hoberlson to kno-.vif lie uo'.ild sit if elected,ani his nnswer was cllnractcrisric of tho ninn. Ho said, " 0 course'if Iain olobleel it will ba mv dutv to sit." [Si: JOHN" ROBERTSON : I never dill That reply wa shown to hun. and ho said at once t'lht. it was chara-jtcristii of Sir John Roh.-rtson. And n simiHr telegram wns m doubt sent to tho Clarence, nnd to the other pla' es for whicl Sir John Robertson was proposed. Ile had heard that tele- grams were sent by the Hon. John "Davies to New Englane and to Patrick's Plaius, to do. their level b:st for Sir Join I Robertson. Sixteen telegrams were sent to that effect, uni yet tho public wero lei to bolievo that those nominations o I tho Premier. nroso from tho spontaneous action of th electors. Ho protested against thc public service boin; used tn further Ministerini interests. (Hear, hear.) [Si JOHN ROBERTSON : Daos the hon. member dnvo to sn; it was-'so?] . He had ma-lo his position good, uni I he challenged a lófiitalion of it. Ho had shown that th niembersof the present Government lind descended toi ¡ depth of degradation in cauvassine- elections that was nlilc "degrading to tlicruselves ns gentlemen and to the position [ they, held, and which if persiste! in would bring respon siblo coverninont into oven greater contempt . than it wa hold in nt tho present timo. (Heal-, hear.) Ho hm i nothing to say against tho present Minister for Mines, bu j that gentleman's. conversion to this Government wa I iucxplt'cablo to him. But tho conduct of tho Govcrnmcn in allowing only, so short a period to elapse between th issue and tho raturn of tho writ for the Lower Hunter wa 1 very discreditable.-. The object of sending Ministers boc' to their constituents upon accepting oiKeo was to allow th 1 constituents to - express ihoir opinion upon th action of their member in joining tho Govern meut, auii. sufficient time ought to bo allowed t l.ennble tho constituents to think over tho subject, andi : they disapproved ,'of the Government to bring- out anothc candidate in opposition. But at tho Lower Hunter onl throe or four days wero allowed to elapse, instend of a fort 'night or, three .weeks. Why was this unusual course taken To enable tho Government to sccuro the votes for th Minister for Minos.' Now, coming to another point. II objected to tho composition of tho present Government, bo eiiusc'he was' of o'muion that tho members of it, with th exception; ol tho Premier, and the Ministor for Justice ng'ninst whom rio ppp had had tl word to say in that debatí and whom they ult respected-were unüf for their ollice: ? Ho .would spD.ak of those gentlemen- as members of th Legislature. Ho would lirst refer to . tho Colonia Treasurer, und his 'want of experience, mid hin iunbilit, to lako part in debate. Never on any ono ocensio had that hon.. member taken ' an 'activo and intelligent pat in any debate in' that House. Tho Treasurer had shown n capacity for dculing with tho diilieultics bf adeolinin rovpnne. The Ministor fer Mines had accepted nil otlieo fe _ which;' by his '-Parliamentary career, ho bnd shown ii aptitude; and neither of theso"gentlamen had taken part i tho debates-pf largo questions iu thu House. Ho did ne say, 'thnt' -Mr. Combes was not able to administer th work of tho dopartmoiit, but the hon. member ha shown nb capacity as n speaker in tho House ;Somo . of tho ' Ministers had accepted ofllco Wille- had -beèn rejectod by two or thrco other member: and-they hiul shown "no ability to netas tho leaders f Parliament. .If tho amendment wero not carried, ho shoui bo no party to obstructing tho Government, ns the preset Premier'brid"repeatedly dono under similar circumstnncei but should bnwilliug that the fato of tho Governmei should bo decided upon tho measures thov submittet (Cheats.) . . . Mr. CAMERON had rarely hoard n speech contniniu ' moro puerilities than thnt which had j list been delivcree ?with the exception of that made by the hon. member fe 'St; Leonards in, submitting tho motion. Tho hon. monita for tho Tumutr-had lecture", now members, in that h appealed to them to sink parly considerations ; but this, li -maintained, was purely ii party struggle, a battle botweu ;tho ins nnd the outs. He had'not heard a singlo avguuiei adduced in favour of tho amendment. Thu business c Parliament was nltogeth-r in arrears. Tho Governmei] ?proposed to puss tho EitiniUes, to deal only with sue -matters as Parlipment and public opinion had declare for,' to have' a short session, and to meet th ?Houso - again' - carly in tho onsuing year to der with thoRO grayotMnatters which required nttenfion.' ünde these circumstances this was one of flic most unscrupulon attempts to supplant a Government ho had known for som timo post. lu tho late Parliament tho hon. mombär for Si Lsonnrds attempted to form a third party, but had failed i everything hut tho exhibition of his own incapacity as loader. In tho motton brought forward by that gentle ; jain .at"ïho!' closo " bf/.last ^session; ttfio .' lion. . rnomboiv, waa jiipiv'tiío catapaír of. Int/; leójaer .of ^fho. Opposition, who"wfts a* mari of far Realer political .power, and who took 'advantage «if therodtfOT';fnr,tn« suspension Of the. standintj, orders to takbtlic'vrlnd out of thc 'sails! of Iiis rival. .',;Tho, Government wore, not responsible./or tho (Jo!>ato..which.,wn9 , got un 'upon, that '"formal "motion,, and .they' challenged, tho' .lion. 1 member fop Stl Leonard», to go on, with, tho motion of .which lip ... had /given noiicc. I The lendpr; of.tito Opposition made, a wild attack ; upon, tho". ; Government, and asked '"what thc ghost of Mr. Wentworth, would have" said if-ho saw that Mr. Davies was a Minister, -of thoCrown." But what'woiild tho shade pf Mr. Went- , worth' have said if ho saw tho hon. gentleman p. Knight and, a"M¡hístci'''óF tho .Crown ? '.' '. , Sir .7CHIN ROBERTSON: What would tho Kiama glin»', KW?" '." , '" " ' . ' ...-,.' Mr. CAMERON must-refer tho .hon. member tojía rival, Knight,nt tho hétd.o'f thc Uppnsitjpn,.w-Jto'KncW.niorcab()Ut ', gho-Uy matters thifrí ho did. Why should not Mr. David, ! bo a Mmister'pf tbo.Iüovhi. Ile ii/id seen the lender of the . i Opposition take to lu's bosom o rrccitlnmaii .less oipcrienccd( ! in political iifo.than.Mr.^&avics.; because, that gcntlemnn. j lind the recommendation, of .-high' family, connections. Ho would like to know.wlm had exhibited most'ability on tho . I flopr or in political matter's, íoh'n Davies or F..-15. Suttor ? . Thon the.Minister for '.Mines' appointment had been re- , ferrel to hy tho hon', member for tjib Tumut too, ns tho '. voryncmc.o'f inconsistent/- ÇDid tho hon. member for tho , Tumut forget that ho only voted t'pr tho Parkes Government about throe, days before ho joined it, and that he .had been represented in tba «minie papers of thc colony as the little . animal that generally, leaves a sinking ship. Tho individual ! members. Pf tho présent Government, in assisting each other . diiring.tho elections',, to Ms .mind had. done nothing moa- ' strous if their ttle-Taius.wero paid for. nn'l certainly nothing , worse thau'meiiib'drs of tho. Parkes Governme'iitiind dono. It wa3 marvellous how pure gentlemen got in Opposition. If Ibero was .anything to warn tho now meinbori against it , wits (He specious manner, in which thc hon. member for Yass., bad and.could pat a case. ..If .thero-wns nothing moro than ; tb'; arguments ¡dr'ejdy.brought forward noon which to cast.. out' tlV> ' Government, 'it 'would, ho . monstrous . to do so. upon thr..-o..,nt, the' present critical point..- As . fo tho mover of thc: nineijilmcnt. .ho wns known when in oilico. ' ns tho .squatters . Minister .rather than , tho free .selc-c:,. tors' : .and tho. ofensión '. of . thc 'present dehnte,, to his, mind, wns .only a struggle between the outs and tho insnnd for thc ilSOfj a year, and' ns .such' the' people would.look, upon it. Talk about a corrupt, nn ûnfcriipulous-Govern-] rnent, a GoyeniHient,thit.pra?tirnted'ov.ory ono of'its func- tions, that ina ba taine! ita existence by pandering, and going, ,oh ¡ts knees tó.beg..votcsíru.m members; for nil these things, ¡tho' Government of.'.".which '.'tho. hon.-. member . (Mr.., Hoskins) foboed part '.was , without, .a ..parallel, in tho' history, of .this . . country. Tho ... lion.j member claimed credit for his Goverament't lint it carried ,n. nunilier of railways through the/House, They did, and nd thanks tó'tbp¡n.for it, because..all. those prop'jsaK.had, been; matured by the .preceding'.Government. - But "what about, thc Mudgee, railway, and, tho railway .from .Wagga. Wagga j .-to Albury.? '.'There ^vcro .no. stronger, oraoneuts.io tliosoj projects than the.hon.. member for tho Tumut before, ho, became a Minister'; but' votes .wore, wanted', .andi the pro-,; - rosáis for tho construction of tbbsq railways" were "submitted., to the Hoitsiv ' île- reminded' lt Iib hon. member also cf M»% action in regard to . tho .tolls, i>y which .'-a nita pf "s£30,000 or .£'-10,000 .was' lost to 'thoi country. Tin's, was .the, experienced "gentleman- who' found fault with tho Tren surer"s inexpérience. No doutt tho Treasurer was young', and inexperienced, but if be.bod not ss much, ability . as.., wau p.i=st!3«cl by tho gentleman .->vhb held office as Treasurer . with flin hon. mombo!-, he 'Mri Cameron) greatly under-., estimated . his. abilities. Whitever obstruction ? thu last' Government receive;!, it carno principally .from their own. followers. If it had not been foi-1 the'nssistnncc of Ibo hon.".. inetnVT (Mr. Stuart) a:id other; members ; then in .opposi- ' tion the last .Government wmilil never'have got. through . their Estimates. Ho hoped timi, ño extremo .views, of con- : semitism would prav-.ht tho Government: from .currying': out tho much needed reforms in-.the land'law. But. if tho .* present. Government _ failed to'-, do <hr.t, hon. members'' opposite - would never do it, for they- had 'not .sufficient - ability nor sufHciettt Tmderstanáirlg of tho. ! question to enable them to do.so. . Tho fact that the Op-"" vemmentpronoffid-t« amend thc law which they themselves passciin1875; was some evidesuio of their sincerity'; but .. hon. members njiirosife, -'oven wluSri they had thb opportuf . ni'.y; did nothing to reform the land laws. They wero , nskei to'jiut these gentlemen oui' of office without a trisl. Ho would H?oi-n to do that. And todo so they would bo' : d.iag a piyitivo 'injury to .-She country. From.' th'j combination they were likely- to'- get, thero was vow little 'tb hop© ; for. There wero ' no four balers or qunsi- londers now-Sir Henry Parkes, Mr. S. C. Brown, Mr. Fitzpatrick, and Mr. Farnell. Thev were nilleaders :ñow-.ill being 'oltlcers, and no privates. Ile thought tho Governor was right in not send-, iug for "Mr. FVrrtell', who ins'-« hard "worket--a kind br drone bro-(laughter)-no, n kin?.-oí c working bee. Düt- he lind none of the clements of-a ¡leader '11-2 agreed that' it might lin ve been nswell if' Sir'John Robertson's friends had not been so zealous.' But Mr. Hoskins need: hot hnv.V been ko j tibifárit over Sir John P*.berts/m; for had he boca at;. Tumut the hon: gentleman wrjuld no*, have been in tho' House tn crow over him. Atud whatever could bo sud. about Sir John Robertson,- ho never^-wenf whining: abont hts defeat, saying 'that:the dcor Of his political lifo had be*n closed for éè*r. ' Ho did nrfc como hero to-dav nf. tho' ex-unse of a frienü. Ii Sir, Heráy Parkes had lind a feeling of "fleeenuy lie would have bc tin ashamed to keep that sene which' he got a: thc ospensi of Mi. Hill. Sir John Robertson never sought to get into Parliament- at ' the expenso of a friend. There, could be no comparison between the positions pf these two gr- ntlemçn. Th«y knot-; how tho wires had' been pulled by Sir Henry P.-irke.,, but ho was glad to hear flint if he wns defeated on thi> motion there wouldibe rio, more of .these'things. Re!ir ving, ns Iii dbl. that this was a mere struggle on thc part nf tue Oppo-. sitiottfor the leave- and fishes, and thu: it would no! be for tilt-advanfage'nf thcjcountrj'to displace the present Ministry, ho should vote apiarist the t'.irjádmenfí mid in favour of thc motion. . " Mr. WILLIAM DAVIKS said, if what had boen said of tho nil members were true, ho vets sorry that he came thero. Ho both' Imped lib should never hrtve to say of.his colleagues] what, had been said to-night, and ho sincerely hoped they would never have to say it of him.' If he believed thc statenicnts mad?, lie should form.a very poor opinion indeed nf the collective wisdom and tho collective honesty of tin's House. And if ho did not boliewo the statements, ho could nnly form a very ponv npinion otf tho truthfulness of those' who made them: -He-believed that a great ninny of the new members came lo tho new Houso in tho belief thata' grett many of tho old things would be done away. (Cheers.) Ho would always bo found endeavouring to conduct himself as 'hecamb a member of that Houso. Ho was quito willing that, unirorre should speák-iñ tho freest terms of his political life, but the broadcast, way in which eharg- cs had been nmdo and applauded in that debato strack him ^s highly unbecoming. (Sear, hear.) Ho had lived Jnore than half a conhiry, and hld been «:long time in this colony, and ho had been complimented by letters nnd tele- grams from both parties <m bis return to that. House. It. seemed tobo mi all-round gomo, and everyone hadbcen.'play-. ingatit. He had-boon told thiu ho should-not bo long in tho Assembly before'ho becrime ns;bad ns ir, but he carno thero to learn, arid hoped at so early n porlion-of his Purlin-, mentary career he' would not he called upon fo teach, ila carno there with no préviens political career to appeal to, nnd, ho took his scat on tho .cross-benches, feeling, bound, nil other things being equal, to support tho Government of tho day. bul the speech of tho previous speaker mada liiin feel inclined1 to ¡¡-o into opposition. If he could see that' if ho went on tho Govcrnmautsido ho should bu able to hold ns independent opinions ns ho would be nblo to hold on tho Opjiosition, ho might go'there. But he required, and ho insisted upon n distinct enunciation from tho Government upon tho important question-of.'thc lands of'tho colony.. (Hear,1 hear.) It" was tru'o that parties were not so distinctly marked here as. in tho old country. But ho wanted to raise tho issuo nt once, whether thc "Government of this: country, were prepared to listen to tho loudly ex- pressed voice of à largo and influential sec'.ipn of" this country, and" undertake, tc say-not tho details-hut whether they wero nbout to give to this country a land bill framed in a liberal tind national senso. . (Hear, ¿ear.) Had there ? been any ; distinct lino of policy . beforo the country when, tho Into Houso waa. dissolved, ho would have known"'which' side of tho Houso to.take his sent upon when ho came there. From his experience'of thisr country, he was convinced that tho Electoral Bill was nob of half tho importance'tb tho people of this colony ns, tho Land Bill was. '(Hear? hear.) Tho Education Act wns not deemed of anything liko tho importance to the people of this country as tho laud question wns. (Hear, hear.). It wns tho same with thc Customs Bill, and tho Municipalities Bill, and tho other measures mentioned in his Excellency's speech. Ho did riot want to be. told that they would amend tho second clause, and tho 31st clause,'and go no further.' They wanted to know what tho Government meant. Thora avero ' amendments in tho' land laws that .wero 'essen- tial to tho ' well-being of . this .country..' Beforo tho close of that debato ho hoped tho . Govern mp nfc would indicnto tho course (hoy intended to pursuo in connection with this vital question. (Hear, hear.) ..Time'would fail him to detail all tho iniquities perpetrated under this Land Act. But ho wished particu- larly lo impress upon tho Houso tho most iniquitous coristi-' tution of tho LandB'Court. (Hear, hear.) A - larrikin iii. thc streets could not bo judgod guiltv of picking a pocket in any British. Court in tho way an which a freo selector cnn bo deprived of his selection: after three years' hard work without being tried in tho presence of his judge. Tho Minister for .Lauds heard nothing of tho evidence^ und was guided in his decision by tho reports of a paid olllccr of tho Crown. There wore so ninny evils in tho Lands Act that no short hill would over coiripus's them. For'his own part, bo did not 'care how long tho bill was to"'be.' .'Ho did not want to bo told ho "could seo tho bill ón;Tiiosday,: or on Friday. Ho wanted td know tho policy of "tho Government. (Hear, hear.) He' thought' ho' was within ihb bounds of. reason in asking that. He denied that tho prosperity'of tho country was shown by; tho amount of tho purchases of land. .Tho colony wus not opo bit the richer for nil theso sales o£ land, and ho fniledi to see the prosperity that his, lixcellehcy alluded to iii -his speech. After hearing so much ns. had been said of tho oldV members' of that House, he ' felt that perhaps tho Govern- ment of . tho', country .'might ' he moro ' ' safely ' en- trusted to tho now members: ? (Cheers and laughter.) Ho was sorry he could riot seo tho prosperity of tho colony itt (ho sumo Ii^ht that his Excellency uaw it. Ho thought suflicient attention had not hoon paid to tho finances of the country, ,und¡that tho squatters would soon lind that it would not pny to give £2 an aero . for . grazing lands.. Something hud boen said about reading news- papers, and, in spito of what had been said of tho Merah}, ho thought it was a real good thins Mà^^waââuiSJBtoryiitii n «rood SeáM'V^rm&íie'ini it» report* of the debates ta Partisanen*. ' Be should spam no hmo in the discharge of :his dat]« hero, and give the fullest considération to-all the questions which might be submitted. At present, however, ho lacked information, and sro» not prepared to give a vote upon tins question until he got it. Failing tho information which ho considered ?himself entitled to receive, ho should bo driven into opposition. '. : Mr. BAKER, moved tho adjournment of tho debate. Several hon. members desired to speak, nnd-at this Into hour it was not desirable to proceed. . Mr. S. BROWN did nor object to tho adjournment, hut thought tho House was entitled to knowírom tho Ministor concisely, and in a few|woids, what were the'principles to bo embodied in tho Lnnd Bill promised in tho Governor's speech. The Minister for Lands ought to be proparod with,; . the information nt once : but thc very motion for ndjoijp' " mont indicated that the Ministers had no policy. ' Mr. TERRY was anxious to know the opinlC Minister for Lands upon this question beforo (?* apt tho mont took place. Tho Minister for Mi' .ondiourn his constituents thnt tho Government d»7' jr9 .informed repeal tho second clause. Tho hon. tr - n°f intend to road the correspondence between Mr. r -ember proceeded to ..Robertson on the subject of nn Am' umrrctt and Sir John that correspondence wo woll kr' .ended Land Bill. From mior, and wo know, too -ow the views of tho Pre tho Into Minister for T ? that the Premier nnd retaining tho inspecte' -ands wero in favour of mid that they were opf 'rs of conditional purchases, people iff tho locali* 0SK' 1° vostiug tho reserves in the Government wero r J' wcro they worn proclaimed. Tho system. Tho Qr ,ot favourable to abolishing tho auction allowed to spier t 've"inient voted against tho father being time to brin?- ¿' nn,for u's children. They lind plpntv of not dono se. ' ilJi;WBrd a satisfuctorv land measure, but had few hon. ? sucu a Govrmiment to bn trusted ? If n .verume\,fb, , n.10n «ssisted liam thev would forco tho Go GoveiTio,nnf , ",nt" forward a proper land hill. If tho shotfn r?.!* indicated « rensonnblo land policy, and représentât;' '° '° ^inSR measure for tho increased The Lar' jn of th° Peep1*, ho might hnvo supported them, vet tv^ -d Bill required r.mendiug from beginning to end, f .o Government opposed every effort to amend it. They "ust not bo allowed any longer time to niter their tuno and concoct a land bill on4110 spur of tho moment. Mr. O'CONNOR supported tho adjournment, for the purpose of giving; tho Government an opportunity of stating their land pnlicv. If they did not produce it. by thc following ovening.ne should vote with tho Opposition. Mr. GARRETT argued that an adjournment, was rorisou fiblo, and condemned tho opposition to it ns an atteicpt to corner the Government. I Mr. FARNELL, nlthough willing to allow every hom member nn opportunity of speaking to the motion of eon ; euro, held that, nu adjournment was not necessary foi ' expressing tho lnnd policy of thc Government, inasmuch ns thoy, having tabled a uotiqe of motion for ainencVing thc land laws, must know their laud policy, and'could'exprès; '. It ot once. '.' , Sir JOHN ROBERTSON did not think tho hon.; mcm tlor for Argyle was uiircasimablo in asking fol- an/«.pres- sion of opinion from tho Government in respect ¡to thou lend policy, seeing flint tho Minister for Lands ¿lind nol spoken; but it was unreasonable to oxpeot. tho Minister foi ¡Lands to mako n full explanation of that policy'vihcii 1» bad not the Land Bill in his hand. Thnt'bill was iii print nnd would lie ready to-morixw. Ho hoped, therefore, tim' ¡the adjournment, would bo carried. Captain ONSLOW thought that tho. House ought t( ngreetotho adjournment, róthat/tho Minister fior Lnnd¡ j could moko hiB explanation bi tho land polit ry of tin S Government nt a time when, his statement was li'kclv to gi jj before tho country ; for it .(vris well known thal t ho Jirrah ji karoly reported fully after ¿1 o'clock, and it wa B now pas ; midnight. , ! Mr. M'ELHONE ho-jed that. hon. 'members/ would na allow themselves to hr, [ed iiway by any proi niscs of th jGovornmont. Mr. FITZPATRICK thought it was qui lc reasonabl to expect from tho ' Govcrnmcmt a short state tuout of thoi land policy, after which tho House might adjourn, so tiir lion, members n\¡gnr, have nn opportunity of discussing th Win quostion,, . Mr. W. P ^VIES'disclaimed any intemtion of bein actuated bv pnrtv motives in tho course, which ho ha taken. * 3 , Mr. GT iA.Y snppoi-ted thc adjournment. J . Sir B" iüNRY PARKES thought that itftho odjotxrnmen ¿¡tr^ ^ en moved in order to givo hon. members an opportu "^plty...'' ,{ speaking on tho question it was reasonable. But. : « ¡Was' not reasonable to nsk for nu ndjorirnment for tb w Pu' rposo of allowing tho Government to.^onsidcr their lau . V olicy, seeing that if tho ordinary "cotirso of event * had not been interrupted by tho inotii/aiof Mr. Farnell, n explanation of that policy would havo boon mndo. A» tb lion, member at the head of tho Government had said tin *- the bill was in print, ho thcmght'it would meot tho wisuc of hon. members if the Govomraent would proroiso to :dis tribute the bill to- inorrow. (Hear, hear.) t\ Mr. WISDOM opposed tho premature'disclosure r»f tl policy of tho Government. While ho was prepared tu» vp with the Government on this question of want of, coi Bdence, ho would not promise to do BP if they put forwin . their land policy unless he agreed with it. " Mr. CAMERON hoped'.the Government would not pi . forward their policy nt tho trick of any hon. memberi. Vi After somo remarks from Mr. DRIVER, MT. J MAC 'i INTOSH, Mr. COONAN, Mr. HUNGERFORD, M ! BARBOUR, Mr. JACOB, nnd Mr. LEARY, tho que; ' lion for the adjournment of tho debato was put.ana,carri Dn tho following division :-'. ' ', A;fes,SO. Blr J. Robertson Mr. Gray . Mr. Muifphy Mr. Corokos Hungerford Wlaiom Lone 'leece Clarke Lackey Eokfdrd O'Connor '' Baker Cniimron ?Mérrimas J. Davie, Johnston .' Garrett 1 Jacob Charles Dillon Bowman Greville Watson Stuart Thompson Onslow 7 .' tl. Brow. Roseby Mnctniosh ( . .' [Tollers, Xoca, Sf. ?lr H. Parkes Mr. Cohen Mr. Jl'Elhone Mr. Hoskins Day Barbour. ? Bawden Grocnwoou. Bennett Htxpatrick. W.'Suttor . .y.IWB., ïarnell Hurley (fl . T. ll. Smith /? ' 8. C. Brown Leary Duras , 1*. B. Suttor Sutherland. Coorain ? Hurley (N.) Copeland W. C. Brow oe ï Driver Moses Terry ( / R. B. Smith Bhepherd i ¡Tellc ¡ The SPEAKER laid upmn tho fabln his. i ram »ppointing the Elections and Qualifications Committi ic, co suiting ot tho following; gentlemen:-Messrs. Coht Fitzpatrick, Lean-, Onslow, Stuart, Suttor, and Wc (tson. Tho House adjourned at one minute to 1 o'cloo! i, ut 4 o'clock, this day (Friday). . . NEW MEMBERS. Mr. F. B. Suttor, Mr. T. Garrett, and Mr. Il l Coi r land entered the chamber, wero sworn, and toi )k th ? Beats during thc course of tho evening. 