CONGREGATIONAL UNION. The annual meeting of tho Congregational Union and Mission of Tasmania was opened last evening at Launceston. There was a large atten- dance of Ministers and resprentatives of churches. The Rev. William C. Robinson, of Hobort Town, the Chairman for the year, delivered a long and very able inaugural address. Wo givo it in full. The reverend gentleman said : BitrriiRES AND FRIENDS,-Having appointed me to the position of President of this Union, you will expect roe, in opening the Session, to address you upon some subject of interest and importance to tho Congrega- tional body. With a desire to answer in Borne measure this expectation, I shall speak of " Tho Church, its Ministers, and its Ministries," a sub- ject presenting a wide field, and one which, on account of its comprehensiveness and manifold bear- ings on Christian work, demands the fulness and elaboration of a treatise, rather than the brevity of a presidential address, r The Church. Every theory of a Christian Church assumes that a church is a tangible representation of religion ; that it ¡9 composed of individual members who are, in some sense to be considered religious. The religion desider- ated may be no more than a lifeless formalism, or a gorgeous and artiBtic ritualism ; it may consist in a conservatism that holds, with iron grasp, toa tradi- tional orthodoxy, or in the claim of sacerdotal preroga- tives received in unbroken lineal descent from the Apostles : or it may be that state of mind and heart whose only claim to recognition is the seal of heaven, the humble trust and fervid aspirations of a soul, which, undera deep sense of its unworthines3, rests wholly upon the infinite merits of the crucified and risen Saviour. Religion is personal. I do mean by this that it is a matter which so excludes everything outside of a man excepting God, that it can be said to be a something that concerns only God and a man's own soul. Strictly speaking this is an impossibility. No mau can be independent in his religion. God speaks to man's heart through the instrumentality of man. If we go to the Bible, God there speaks to us through patriarchs and prophets, and apostles; if we express our feelings in sacred song, wo are not alone, for our spirit is elevated by spiritual communion with the writer j every devotional page we read, every meet- ing for worship testifies to us that in religion we are dependent upon other minds, and upon agencies with- out ourselves. The effect of these agencies is the stirring up of thought and feeling, the production of a religious consciousness, the awakening of a strong, personal interest in the saul in all things pertaining to God. This is what we call personal experience, and in this sense religion is a personal thing. But as this personal religious life is connected with, anddependout upon other men and other spiritual lives, every man's spiritual life is, of necessity, a unit of the whole of that spiritual life which constitutes the church. Individual profession, as the result of strong, serious convictions, is an outward representation of that life ; and tho ag- gregate of those who make this profession constitute what we usually understand by the terra, " the Church of Christ." In this sense the Apostle Paul uses the word in writing to the Corinthian Christians. " Unto the Church of God which is at Corinth, to them that are sanctified in Christ Jesus, called to be saints, with nil them that in every place call upon the name of Jesus Christ our Lord, botli theirs and ours." With this agrees the nineteenth article of the Book of Common Prayer, which defines a visible church to be a congre- gation of faithful men, in which the pura Word of God is preached, and the Sacraments are duly admin- istered according to Christ's ordinance. The entire visible,Church of Christ is composed of the whole of these congregations of the faithful ; and it is of the ministers and ministries of this visible church I intend to speak, ' Church Government. Religion in its progress, as in its inception, is depen- dent upon external means. These ara as essential to spiritual development, as moisture and sunshine are to the growth of a plant. God has not pronounced upon anything the doom of isolation. All parts of external nature are related to each other, and each individual portion is dependent upon all tho rest. So it is with man, physically, socially, mentally, spiritu- ally. The family is, made up of individuals, the state of families. Without tho family organisation and authority, the State would, in a short time, fall into a condition of anarchy. As regards the church, which is the kingdom of Christ, individual churches bear the same relation to it that families do to the State ; and both churches and families while contain- ing in themselves an clement of authority for self-go- vernment, are subject to a supreme law. The condi- tion of society in the middle ages, the ignorance and cruelty, and rapacity of rulers, and the falso position which churchmen assumed in relation to the State, culminated in an ecclesiastical despotism, more rigorous-and paralysing than any other that has, in any age, oppressed tho world. The as- sumption of the position was due, primarily, to two things, civil misrule and ecclesiastical ambition ; the abuse of it arose out of the spiritual power of the Church, which claimed tho prerogative of remitting sins. Medireval ignorance mid stagnation of thought favoured those pretensions. Tho Reformation did much towards exposing the fallacy, and freeing tho minds and souls of men from a two-fold bondage, intellectual and spiritual. But as a bow suddenly relieved from extreme tension will spring far in nu opposite direction ; BO the mind rebounds from one extreme to another.nnd especially is this the case when the chango is from oppression to liberty. We cannot conceal from ourselves that the tendency of modern times is towards a rejection of all previously acknowledged authority, a claim of mental independence bordering upon isolation. Many disclaim altogether the ordinances of religion, they, would bo free of both ministers und churches, they would deal with God alono, havo no communion with the saints in worship, be no parties to Church organiza- tions, and speak of Church work only to condemn it. Such men either starvo their souls by their seclusive ness, or, like vampires, live upon tho life-blood of the Churches. To poison either body or mind, is easy work, one which any man inflated with self importance may carry on ; the difficulty is to deteot the virus, and to administer such au antidote as shall work a satis- factory cure. Ecclesiastical Status. Nor is it only by those who, with Procrustean kind- ness, would make us all come up to tho Romish standard, or those who professedly denounce all standards, that, as ministers of the church, our right to exist is called in question. There are, not far from every one of us, clergymen who are seeking to intro- duce mediæval superstitions in tho place of Scripture truth, who modestly publish with their own lips, that they, and they only have been divinely appointed to preach the Gospel, and to administer, the ordinance of the church. Arrogating to themselves exclu- sively this right, they denounce as guides to perdition tho ministors of other churches, who have not received, through the mystic line of Apostolical succession, the wonderful virtue which they claim to have received through Epis- copal ordination. It might, perhaps, be considered some mitigation qf the oti'ensjveness of the attitude thus assumed were it confined,' wholly, to those who seek, by putting forth fictitious, and arrogant claims, to draw attention from their mental deficiencies, and want of culture ; but with a disingenuousness truly lamentable clergymen who would resent tho charge of ignorance, men of influence and good position are on every hand charged with doing tho same. Apostolical Succession. If we have no right as ministers to exist, I suppose that, as men, we have the right of speech, at any rare we claim the right, and I intend to use it. We have no quarrel with those whose credulity is so capacious and accommodating as to make room for such an obso lete superstition, but would, in the most kindly spirit, warn them of the germs of danger which lie buried therein. This question is not one whose importance ¡s circumscribed -, it affects all churches. Nor is it one of clerical ascendancy, but of vital importance in the interests of truth. ' It is inseparably connected with the honour of Christ. If we preach in His name our people have a right to demand, "By what author- ity aoest thoii these things, and who gave 'thee this authority?" We reply that ovory devoted Christian mau upon whom the Holy Ghost has bestowed gifts and sympathies, and longings for preaching the Gospel, who has, moreover, been called by the voice of the church, and by his success given " full proof of his ministry," every such Christian man being a minister of the word, though he havo not tho stamp of apostolical succession, has what is far more to be desired, the seal of God. Ministers must he judged in the same manner as other men, as artists, architects, artisans are—by their works. No ecclesiastical designa- tion can compensate" for tho gifts of the Holy Ghost. Upon what grounds do those who lay claim to apostolical succession rest their claims? Will those claims stand the test of ordinary historical criticism ? Or will they recede before our attempt to come near to them,' and prove no more substantial than will-o'-tho wisps? As I desire to deal in all fairness with this question,' no1 striving to attain nn end for party pur- poses, J shall quoto the opinions of sonja of the best wrlte'rç of 'tho' Church of England. Ii( l|is treatise " On' the Pope's supremacy, Barrow says, "The apostolical office, ossucb, was personal and temporary, and therefore, according to its naturo and design, not successive or communicable to others in perpetual descendance from them." He thon lays down among others these conditions as absolutely necessary to bo fulfilled In ovory man claiming the prorogatives of apostolical succession :-" The person should hnvo an Immediate designation and commission from God ;" " be able to attost concerning our Lord's resurrection or'ascension, either immediately as the eleven, or by evident consequonoe, as St Paul;" " ho endowed with ímraculoua gifts and graces;" and, quoting Chrysostom, "be able to impart spiritual gifts." "Now, such an office," ho continues, "was not designod to continue by derivation, neither did tho Apostles protend to communicate it." Thero aro writers on this subjeqi who assert "that the niattor is too notorious to require proof ¿' that in this succession ' " ovory link of tho fchauj )B kijowri ; " that " thoro is not a bishop, priest, or uoac'qn, who cannot, if ho pleaso, traeo his own spiritual descent from St. Peter, or St. Paul." Surely, since such momentous issuos are declared to hang upon this S!jccosslóñ, sqm'e one' might, if not for his own saleo, !'oj; far tho «uko qf tho benighted ones outsido tho ¡¿¡¡s' rjf 'H'uqcq'ision, please' to 'uudei'tuko this pious Rljour, oin"; sqqùrcj for himself nri immortal liamo, by aiding thimkiids into tho true fold.'' An attempt has lee» made to roach tho goal by " a short and easy method," an nrgumont consisting of the logical formula, 'It must be because it is." Appeal to Scripture. An appeal has also boon »inda to tho Now Testament m support of tho doctrino. Our Lord's words to Peter when giving him tho power of tho keys, aro quoted : "Whatsoever thou shalt bind on oarth shall bo bound lnijbe&you;, ami whatsoever thou shalt loose on oartli Wall be loosed in heaven." Matt, xvi., 19. Now whatever may be tho power promised in theso mya torious words,' it is' a fact, fatal to tho conclusion sought to be deducod therefrom, that the samo proniiso literally; word for word, oxcopt the necoasary gram ttrnticaialtaration of the Bingulnr " thou," into the Elura), "thee," is given; not to tho other apostles, ns Well as to Beter, nor to their successors in tho'apoatolical flfheo; liilt to tho church itself nssomblcd in Clirist'H W/TCí: . Watt, x'viii.. l8. The'concluding verso of this poapel ia nlaó olniíiiotl us ovidencoj " Lo I um with you »Woy, oven unto tho end of tho world." This is evidently a promise that our Lord would bo with tho apostles in thoir work, and with those who should «iiooeed them in proaohing His gospel, ovou unto tho «nd of time. Can it moan more than this ? I say no. And I do not see how iinyoiio, unless detorminod to .UM out A caw, ean lind in those words any hint of an »TI«»o^aucoeiilonindirect line from the apostles, He who could bolievo such a thing must be, as Dr. Vaughan Bays, "A person who could give no stronger proof of being capable of belioving anything which it might be agreeable to him to behove." lu the caso of Timothy, Titus, and the angels of the seven churches, Dean Stanley may bo accepted as an authority. " It is not necessary to prove at length the wholly tem- porary character of tho office, if it may ho called au offico, which Timothous and Titus hold respictivoly at Ephesus and Crete, of whom the first was Governor of the church only in Paul's absence (L Tim., iv., 13, i. 3) ; and left it altogether before Paul's death (2. Tim, iv., 9) ; and the socond was to leave tho islaud that very winter (2. Tim., iv., 10; Tit. iii., 12). Nor can any ecclesiastical institution bo deduced from the mention of the "Angels" of the soven churches, in the total absence of any proof for such an application of tho word in the apostolic age, and against the uniform uso of it in all other parts of the Apocalypse in its usual sense of »heavenly messenger." In vain then wo have searched for this doctrine in the apostolic commission, the charge of Paul to Timothy and to Titus, and in the address to the Apocalyptic Churches. But do the apostles nowhere refer ti ordination, and tho manner in which it was performed ? Paul does BO in writing to Timothy, and no wonder ho oxliorts Timothy to faithfulness on account of the solemnity of his designation by the laying on of hands, for it nppoara to havo boen a part of his work to ordain "bishops." Then of course Timothy himself had been ordainod by the apostles, or at least by bishops duly appointed by the apostles ? There cannot bo a greater mistake. The assertion that it was so is nothing but "the baseless fabric of a vision," a dream utterly destitute of reality. Timothy was set apart to his work " with the laying on of the hands of the presby- tery." And, stranger still as it may appear to us, in the case of Paul when commencing his special work of preaching unto the Gentiles, he was not ordained by apostles, nor by bishops, but he, although an apostle himself, was set apart for his work by the laying on. of the hands of "certain prophets and teachers" who were in the church at Antioch. Acts xiii., 3. /Sine qua non of Canonists. In passing on to the historical side of this question, I shall, by the way, name some of those conditions wiri jh, in the opinion of Canonists, vitiate the succes- sion contended for. According to their own showing, a multitude of particulars must combino in every case, and in an unbroken stream for eighteen hundred years. An ominent writer says :-" Canonists have named a considerable series of circumstancos, any one of which, proved, would suffice to disqualify a man for tho episcopal office. Should he havo happened to have been unbaptised; nhould he not have passed through the subordinate offices, or not havo boon duly ordained to those offices j should ho have become bishop without consecration, or should he have re- ceived consecration from ono bishop only, or from a bishop of another province ; should ho have been under age; should ho have obtained his see by simony; should he bo convicted of holding heretical opinions ; should ho have been elected by force ; or should he be given to gambling or intoxication-any one of these oirournstanoos, not to mention -others, would bo enough to occasion a break in tho descent of the apostolic virtue, and to entail infinite disaster." If in any case only one of these fatal breaks in tho apostolical chain should havo occurred the mis- chief would not be confined to the bishop himself, but he, having been thereby deprived of the mystic benefit of the succession, everyone ordained by such bishop would, as the lineal descont would have been destroyed, fail of the benefit supposed to be derived therefrom. But if would be no difficult task to prove that not only ono of the above named circumstances, but every one of thom has happened. Historical Testimony. I will give you ovidenca from Eusobius and Socrates' occlesjnstical histories. One man obtained consecration as a bishop by drawing three ignorant bishops into a drunken bout ; Melitus, mentioned in the records of the council of Nico, went about conferring ordination after he had been deposed, and tho council admitted, in n secondary sense, the validity of the orders. Jerome and Gregory Nanzianzum complain of bishoprics obtained by craft, violence, and simony. Ambrose, bishop of Riilau,though "unbaptised and unconverted," was compelled by the populace to assume the office of bishop. Sulpicius Severus complains that all waa rendered corrupt by the vices of tho bishops. Tho horrible debaucheries narrated by Gibbon aro too revolting for comment. Whatever cunning aud villainy could devise, whatever violence, fraud, cruelty, perjury, lawlessness, intrigue, obscenity could achieve, however abliorent to nature, whether upon man or woman, was done without restraint. Hallam, in his work on "The middle ages," speaking of tho tenth century, says " This dreary interval is filled up in the annals of the papacy by a series of revolutions and crimes. Six popo3 wero deposed, two murdered, one mutilated. Frequently two or even three compet- itors, among whom it is not nlways possible by any gonuino criticism to distinguish the true shepherd, dravo each other alternately from the city." "The'cor- ruption of the hoad extended naturally to all other members of the church. All writers concur in stigma- tizing the dissoluteness and neglect of decency that prevailed among the clergy." The English Church. I know that it is asserted by thoso who are determined to make out n caso in their own favour that tho Church of England does not dopend upon the Church of Rome for the validity of its orders, that it always was Anglo-Catholic. Whatever may bo said, wo cannot ignoro the historical fact that the church in England was wholly under tho authority of the Romish Church for a thousand years, and her bishops were consecrated by direction of the Pope. But granting, for tho sako of argument, all that is claimed on this point, we shall find that very gravo reasons still remain for doubting the claim of apostolical succession. Lord Macaulay, in his " Essay on Church and State,"after nnrrating'varions facts in connection with English ecclesiastical history, says, " Wo aro therefore at a loss to conceive how any clorgyinan can feel confident that his orders havo como down correctly. Whether he be a suocessor of the apostles depends upon nn immense number of such contingencies as these ; whether under King Ethelwolf a stupid priest might not, while baptizing several scores of Danish prisoners, who had just made their option between the font or the gallows, inadvertently omit to perform tho rite on ono of theso graceless proselytes ; whether in the seventh century nn impostor who had never received consecration might not havo passed himself off as a bishop on a rude tribo of Scots ; whether a lad of twelve did really, by a ceremony huddlod over when ho was too drunk to know what ho was about, convey tbo episcopal character to a lad of ten. Since the first century no loss, in all probability, than a hundred thousand persons have exercised tho functious of bishops. That many of these have not been bishops by apostolical succession is quite certain." At the Reformation all English bishops had their commission from Henry VIII. Tillotson, "archbishop of Canterbury was not baptized, nor was he ordained to the lower orders of the priesthood ; nor wero Archbishop Seeker, and Bishop Butler, both of whom werosons of Noncon- formists, baptized ; and about twenty of the bishops held oflico without being consecrated. Archbishop Ushor says the succession ' ' has no certainty of history. Stillingfloet says " tho succession la as muddy as the Tiber itself. The records aro lost, we cannot trace tho succession of the British Churches." At the accession of Queen Elizabeth tho whole of the bishops were donnsod, and only one out of tho whole number, A,* nany Kitchen, of Llandaff, look tho oath of Royal Siipreniacy. All the other bishops wero appointed by tho Queen's Commission, without ooolcslnstical authority. Tho Uritkh Quarterly, commenting upon this significant fact, says, "If tho hierarchy, or convocation represent the church, then the old Church of England caine to on omi at the beginning of Elizabeth's reign, and a now church, entirely distinct from tho old one, was constituted by Royal authority." Archbishop Parker was consecrated by four bishops not in oihco, but deprived of jurisdiction, civilly and ecclesiastically, in the previous reign. Their only authority was that given by Elizabeth, and not ono of thom bolicved in apostolical succession. Barlow, who was really the consflcrntor, said that any layman,, being learned, if appointed by Royal authority, would bo as good a bishop as any iii England, Unchristian ami Untrue, Wo may easily understand why tho oarly writers of tho Anglo-Catholic movement oautioned their render" not to be too curious about this subject, but to accept it as true j it would be safer to assume tho truth of it than to try to provo it. How differont this from our Lord's principie, "Ho that dooth truth comoth to the light." A system, moreover, that places n church in antagonism towards other churches, that unchurches thegroaterpartof the Protestant bodies throughout the world, bears not upon its standard the device that shall be unfurled in every land, " By tip's shall all mon know that ye aro my disciples indeed that yo havo love one to another." Unchristian it is, becauso uncharitable and untrue. Olio may as welj strive to como at the foundations of the rainbow, or to grasp the unsubstan- tial air, as hope to find a historical basis for the theory qf apostolical succession, 2Vic True Succession. Apart from Episcopal ordination, however, tljoro is a grand truth which Is tho heritage ' of ' the wholo Church of Christ. Ile, whq nt tho first choso His apostles, appoints His ministers now. In tho midst of the golden candlesticks ho continues to superintend the affairs of His church. Tho authority that appointed apostles and prophets, also gives ovangolists, mid pastors and toaehors, " for the perfecting of tho saints, for the work of tho ministry, for tho odifying of the body of Christ, till wo nil como in tho unity of the faith, mid of tho knowledge of the son of God, unto a perfect man, unto tho measure of the stnturo of the fulness of Christ." This is n synopsis of Christ's arrangements for tho ministry of His church until it shall attain unto that glorious fulness which Ho has designed, which fulness shall constitute the perfection of tho joy which ho had boforo Ulm when ho ondurod the cross, despising the shame. Wo havo n right to demand of thoSo who make the ministerial office-its validity and ' effi- ciency-to depend upon episcopal ordination, that thoy ahouldshowustli'atopisoopacy such as thoy now contend for, oxlstod Ii) the times of tho apostles. So far from this being the case, wo have on this point no reliable historical data which fixes it earlier than the middle of tho third contury, and cyan then tho title of tpiseontu, president or overseer, was givon to the presiding presbyter, as Hilarais says, "Aie cn ¿MI cutxcouujiof, OKI interprcsbyterosprimus est." Claiming as wo do for oursely.cs, and tho minfators of other churches, the right to exorcise tlie gifts with which God has endowed us for tho sacred oflico which wo fill, it becomes us to make full proof of our ministry, The Ministries of the Church. An ollloo without work would ho like a body without life, a Irco without fruit, a central sun destitute of light and force. Although thcro aro mon who affect to doprociato a preaching ministry, thoy cannot dony that Christ's commission was " Go into all tho world and proaoh tho gospel unto ovory creaturo ; " in accor- dance with which Paul said, " Christ sent mo not to baptise, bi)t to preach tho gospel ; " and of tho earliest dlsulplos, scattered through persecution, it is recorded that thoy t'ravollod to various places, " preaching tho word," ''proaoliing tho Lord Jesus." Tho aposllo Paul wrote to tho Corinthians, "If pleased God by the foolishnoss bf preaching to save thoso that believe." And again, "for I dotormlnod not to know any- thing among you, save JoauH Christ, and Him crnci dod. To Timothy ho'says, "lqlmigo thoo boforo God, und tho Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judgo tho quick and tho dead at His appearing and His kingdom ; preach tho word ; bo instant in season, out of season." Our chief work, brethren, as defined in tho Now Testament, Is to proaoh Christ, to proclaim to all mon " tho glorious gospel of tho bloasod God." Human Systems. But when I assert that our chief duty as ministers is to preach the gospel, far be it iwm me to. drouin-1 scribe that gospel by any ecclesiastical lines, or mould it in the matrix of any, be it the most orthodox creed. God must be greater than man's mind, deeper than the most profound, vaster than genius the most sub- limo. An astronomer traces, with mathematical accu- racy, the courses of the heavonly bodies, determines their volume and their weight, calculates their motions, velocities, disturbing influences, and com- pensations ; penetrates the secrets of material com- position and chemical forces, and writes a book about these and other mysteries ; and his book, however, accurate and comprehensivo, is no more than tho impression of his own limited intellect as t» the forms and motions of worlds compris- ing the physical universe. That book would very inadequately reprosent God's vast embodied thought. Such books are invaluable, and in the case of most men aro the only means of attain- ing a knowledge of astronomy. But excellent na they may be, thoy are not the universo itself. In like manner, that wonderful structure which a quarter of a century ago was so popular in London, the "Globe," in Leicester-square, not only presented to the eye in gigantic outline the countries of the earth, but in just proportion the physical appearance of the surface. One could judge of the comparative height of moun- tains and table lands, and see at a glance the physical peculiarities of tropical and Arctic regions. Lady Franklin is said to havo studied the latter every day, and formed plans for the roseue, if possible, of her gallant husband. But this "Globe" was not God's grand world of mountain and valley, of ocean and silvery stream. There was no life there, no forms of charming gracefulness and beauty, no flowers exhaling fragrance, no intellect, no magic power of love. God's world and man's world must ever remain at infinite distance from each other. If man's thought cannot "roach half-way to God" in His physioal revelation, how can ho expect that he can comprehend Him in the deeper, yea, the deepest depths of His infinite love, as revealed in the Gospel? Tho Bible is to us what tho physical world is to students of natural science. Books will holp us as they do them. Books, genuino ones, are -the heights which earnest, gifted men have reached in the difficult ascent that leads to the temple of truth, from which Íiositions they oncourage our lagging stop3, and lend a reining hand in our need. Par be it from us to undervalue them. By their aid, as with telescope or microscope, wo may learn to perceive facts and truths which otherwise we should have overlooked ; the student of nature in the works of God, the student of redeeming love in His sacred Word. Preaching The gospel of Christ, with all its wondrous fulness, is tho theme of our ministrations. For the understand- ing of this gospel we would accept of aid from all sources. Illustrations flow in upon us on every hand, as sun-rays light up an object on every side. The gospel, like a perfect gom, will .bear inspection at every face and ovory anglo. You need not fear the discovery of any flaw. Whatever you find in the gospel preach fearlessly, and because fearlessly preach fully. But beware lest you mistake an extraneous reflection for the light of the pure gem. In preaching the gospel wo must not take for granted that our people know all about it. Why there ara multitudes of people who, though the wonderful facts of nature have been spread before them all their life long, are wholly ignorant of their significance ; so there ara people to whom the gospel has, from childhood, been familiar, who have uot, perhaps, at any one time, spent two consecutive half-hours in Berious and prayerful meditation upon its teachings. My brethren, we must preacli Christ. It may be accounted old-fashioned, and itching ears may be impatient for something new, but our duty is laid down for us with a directness and clearness that cannot be either overlooked or mistaken-it is to pre:ieh Christ and Him crucified. It may bo old-fashioned, but so are sunrise and sunset, so are summer and winter ; still wo cannot do without them, notwith- standing all the discoveries of science, and the improve- ments in mechamical art. Tho fact that man is a sinner is old-fashioned, and so long as that fact remains the gospel of tho grace of God first preached in Eden, and, in purpose, prepared before the founda- tion of the world, will be as suitable to him in future ages as it has over been in the past. Tho gospel is an ' 'everitts ting gospol. " The Word of the Lord, which by the gospel is preached unto us, endureth forever. In nature tho oldest things are the strongest, for tho weak die out. Who wearies lnmsolf withseoking a beauty softer than the dawn, a brightness beyond the noon-day of splen- dour, or drapery moro vnriod and gorgeous than the sunset, simply bocauso the sun is old ? or who would reject as old-fashioned, the perfume of tho violet, the music of the mountain stream, the laugh of a child, or a mother's love? These are all as old as the human family, and will ever continue ; they arc too precious foi- the world to let them die ; it is just the same with the gospel of Our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. It would consumo too much time for me even to hint at tlie manner in which this sublime theme should be set forth, and show how every other subjoot may bo dignified by being associated with its unparalleled gran dour. The preaching of moral duties, if dissociated from the grace of Christ, is as unattractive as the indistiuot outline of hills soen through a wintry fog ; the gospel like a pure, heavenly light, tints every objeot with beauty and glory, and turns dreary and distorted forms into sources of the purest enjoyment. Let us set before our people tho facts of the gospel, ns well as the grand old doctrines of which they are the foundations; but chiefly, lot us dwell upon tlie theme of over-deepening interest-salvation through the blood of Christ, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of His grace. Beware of uniting with Him in His work anything that shall deprive Him of His glory ; let no essential truth he omitted ; let nothing, because distasteful to human wishes, or antagonistic to the course of the world, be oven partially concealed ; proclaim both privileges and duties, Christ the fulness of the one, and the source of strength for the other. All men of all classes need tho gospel ; it is adapted to all, and pro- vided for all-" tho power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." Spiritual Poiccr. In tho preaching of tho gospel, wo rest for suc- cess not upon the strength of otu- convictions nor effectiveness in delivery. Wiien our Lord instructed his apostles as to the natura of their work he promised thom the abiding pro3ence of " the Spirit of Truth," and said, "Ho shall testify of Mo." Tho gospel dispensation is tile " ministration of the Spirit." The true power of tho gospel is tho power of tho Holy Ghost; and for this "power" the apostles wero to wait before commencing theil- labours. They were to bo led " into nil truth," and to bo " onduod with power from on high." Not truth alone¡ nor the Spirit alone, but both united, constituted their qualification for thoir work. So must it ever be. Without the Spirit we are powerless. Ho as tho Spirit of light,and truth, mid power, and life, and comfort can prepare the hearts of tlie hearers for the reception of the truth, adapt the truth to their individual need, and inspire tho preacher. Lot us ever strive to take the Spirit with us in our ministrations, for our Heavenly father will give His Holy Spirit to them that ask Him. Un reason able Expectations. Our sermons will frequently bo declared wanting. Men are>8uro to mako erroneous judgments about things thoy do nat full}' understand, mid oftentimes hold to those judgmonts with a dogged pertinacity in proportion to their unsoundnoss. Our sermons, and most of us have threo to preaoh weekly to the same audience, ave by some hearers compared withthespecial sonnons of great preaohera of otlior days, or with the speeches of great orators, each onoof which is on some special subject. The difference in the two cases is not considered. The orator has his special theme, ours is the ono gospel. Ho may take wooka or evon months in working up his speech j we, subjected as wo are to con- tinual interruptions even in the short timo snatched from visitation and other duties, cannot secure more than a few hours, perhaps, for the production of a sermon. A minister is, not unfrequontly, expected to know everything that anybody in his congregation has made a special study of, to present the truth he has studied, so as to be equally intelligible and acceptable tq all classes, to bo a nieans of good to hearers" irrespectivo of (heir own prayerful meditation and effort, and especi- ally to prèaoh everybody's opinions, and to suit his dis- courses to everybody's experience. A very painful dilemma in which a preacher is occasionally placed is in the coso of persons, having a rogard- for religion, who through the week aro thoroughly ongagod in montai labour, or so absorbed in business as to inter fore with their physical comfort. If such persons ex- pect the word, under those circumstances, to possess a spiritual charm, or the power of a physical .stimulant, they seek in it an efficacy that God uuvor endowed it with. Encouragements. But notwithstanding all these drawbaoks our encouragements aro great. Wo behove tho promise of God thaji His wqrd shall not return unto Him void. The Gospel lias lost none of its ancient power. It is the one Divino remedy for the ills of our raoo. It has conquered. The powers of darkness have fallen. Tlie enemy seems almost ubiquitous. But in whatever form, and from whatever suurco tho opposition has arisen, qr may yot arise, wo have faith in God. Philosophy may' speculate., dogmatism rqay deary, modern thought ' may piosont itself in new relations and demand tho supremo homage of tho intel- lect, tho currant of civilisation may appear to drift mon boyond tho roach of Gospel truth, and soionco may claim to sot up a new Gospel. Lot none of these tilings movo us. God is with us. Tho gold that has stood the fiery trial of past centuries will not turn to dross in tho hands of tho modem alchemist. God's Alps will still bravo as fierce Btornis as ever played round the hoad of Mont Blanc. It would bo quito os reasonable to fear the overthrow of the monarch of mountains as to fear for tho word of God. " Heaven and earth may pass away," says Christ, "but my word'shall not pass away. Many other matters I had inlendod to includo in this address visitation of tho aged, tho siok, tho dying, and other duties, which, although of interest ' to us as Miqislors, would, if iiow dwelt upon,' preclude tho possibility of speaking of those ministries whioli aro of a moro general character. Lay Agency. Porsons who by attendance upon our ministry placo themsolvos to somo oxtont under our caro.oxpoct ministerial visitation and counsel, but thora aro many to whom w;o have na accosq. Theso may bo, gonerally reached through tract' distribution, cottage services, or organisations ' of a special charaotor initiated to meeta special want. 'The need of our churcliOB is earnest workers for Christ. " Lot him, that heayoth, say como." Much moro Christian work could bo ovcrtakon in uni- towns if young men's Christian Associations could bo formed, and I think such a gathering as tho prosont would bo a very favourable opportunity for taking tho mattor into consideration. A conference consisting of dolo Ëatos fruin all churches willing to co-oporato might e rocommoiidod, and, although, as a delibera- tivo ocolesiastical body wo could not establish such an association, wo could give tho weight of our sanction to any project that might ho horcafter attomptod, and might, lqoroqvor, go BO far as to address, q lottor to otlior Christian churches urgjng tips matter upon thoh consideration. -' Nor is' our iaunday-school work all Wo could desire to seo it. Somo of our sohools neod'a bottor supply of teachors, or teaohers moro efficiently trained for their wqrk ! and other schools, whose teaoh ing staff is aijequato to thoir requirements, are, to some extent, dependent upori'olhor churches for supply. This ib'nofe by any moans satisfactory. Every church should find within itsolf workers Biiffioiont both in numbers and compotonoy. OIIISIWÖ the Ckurcli. I havo alroady hintod that thoro aro many porsons to whom, as miuistors, wo have no access, persona of whom it may bo said they are outside the Church from the undoniablo fact that they never enter' it. The Apostles understood their commission as 'laying ivjKm them the solemn duty, of aggression, They were to preach the gospel unto every creature. True, their* geipel was the novelty of their day. Men desired to hear about the new religion. Curiosity opens many a door that prejudice or indifference closes. When I first went to Victoria Congregationalism was unknown by name in the town where I commenced my ministry in that colony, and some persons out of curiosity came to hear the new preacher, or, to use their own words, " to know what the new religion was." Some people have an impression that they oro not wanted in our churches ; no man earea for their souls. Could not special services be occasionally held for such, and be so altered in their form from the usual routine as to be rondered attractive without interfering with the solemnity of worship, or offending against good tasto ? How it could be accomplished I will not here venturo to say, but suggest for your considera- tion the desirability of nolding some kind of service out of the usual order. Care must, how- ever, be taken that we do not admit of any clement inconsistent with the gospel, but within these limits wa havo, as far as Christ himself is concerned, full liberty to act. Stronp Drink. The chief obstacle to attendance at church, so far as I have been able to form an opinion, and that which buttresses np both scepticism and vice, is indulgence in strong drink. I say not just now anything about the cause ot this gigantic evil, nor the means of cure. I want to lay before the representatives of our churches tho too obvious fact that drink is a fearful agent in keeping men and women _ from attendance upon the means of grace. Whether, in some cases, neglect of the I moans of grace may have been the first step to intemperance, or intemperance may have led to that neglect, may be difficult to determine, or whether the habits came on pari passu, simultaneously, and with cqnal step : but whatever may have been the initiatory causes of the evil there it is, and those who neglect the sanctuary are as fully included in our Lord's commission as those who attend. Thero is no escape from the obligation laid upon us. Tho point we havo to determine is how that obligation can be most efficiently discharged. - Towards the wretched inhabitants of the streets and lanes of the city ; towards the homeless wanderer on the highway, the outcast seeking shelter under tho hodges by the roadside ; tiwards the halt, and the maimed, and the lame, and tho blind.there was once in this world a heart that beat in genuino pity, and in secret could weep and pray for Buch. Yes, our Lord came to call sinners to repentance, came to seek the wandering and to save the lost. And this He did by Belf-denial. If this wa3 needful on the part of Christ in doing such a work,.how can wo expect to do work tor Him, and to gain'His approbation, unless we cultivate tho Batne spirit ? The worth of any real woik for Christ is to bo estimated by what it costs us. What can the members of our churches do, what can we as Ministers do, what are we really, and in earnest, doing to lessen, to put a stop to, this soul destroying evil? , Total Abstinence. Some may satisfy, or try to satisfy themselves by say- ing, the case of the drunkard is hopeless, let us look to the children ? Does not the impurity of the fountain head pollute the streams ? Is not the thirst for strong drink transmitted from parents to children? That is a terrible fact, founded upon observation too extensive to admit of doubt. So that in the solution of this difficult and important problem, the means of deliverance from the evils of strong drink, the usually accepted maxims seem to lose half their truth, and it is necessary to save the parents in order to reach tho children. Let us look at the facts thus :-Our drinking customs aro like the Sphinx. As you first approach she has the appearance of a sweet goddess, a veritable divinity. The serenity of her countenance, the calmness of hor eye, the feminine softness and beauty of the bust cannot but excite admiration, and oven wonder ; but come nearer, and you find hidden in that crouching form the extremities of a beast of prey-the Sphinx but allures in order to destroy. The only safety is in avoiding her. The Sphinx propounded hor riddles, and mercilessly de- stroyed all she got into her power-so does strong drink. Safety lies in avoidance of tho danger ; and while wo bid others beware, let us ourselves set a noble example of self-denial for the sake of others, , Conclusion. Brethren, I have sought in this address to say some- thing tliatmhditbeof benefit to ourselves and our people. If the word I have spoken should lead any to be more helpful and considerate, more devoted to the Saviour ana His work, I rejoice that ho whose honour is most dear to our hearts can make his strength perfect in our weakness. To my own heart there is nothing dearer than liberty and love. Some of you may, perhaps, havo thought that to argue against the soul-shrivelling doctrine of apostolical succession has been a waste of strength; you know that an idol is nothing in the world, ana that of all the idols and creations of mythology, from the heights of Olympus down to tho deepest depths of Tartarus, there is no moro foggy myth than that which the advocates of this succession maintain. But if we claim to havo a more glorious truth, let the devoteduess of our hearts and oui labours ever ha in harmony with it. Our work is to preach Christ, to lead sinners to repentance, and love, and holiness, and Heaven. May the Saviour be to us individually, unspeakably precious. May His love be the sweetest themo of our contemplations, the richest music to our ears, give strength to our hearts, and fire to our lips. Dear, and more dear, may His sacred name be to us, until our hearts in lowly adoration and burning love shall crown Him Lord of all. Wo have all need to bo baptised with the Holy Ghost, to have revealed to our souls by His loving and holy touching tho infinite sweetness of our Redeeming Lord, to feel the love of Jesus beating in our hearts, throbbing in every desire, giving form to ovory purpose, and direction to every action, until in the overflowing ecstasy of our holy joy we can without any reserve exclaim, "Yes, Thou art precious to my soul, My transport and my trust, Jewels to Thee are gaudy toys, And gold is sordid dust." Oh ! if wo could but fully realise this ! This is the true unction for our work. Thus should wo come forth, as did the flame-crowned apostles, and mighty wonders would be wrought in tho name of Jesus. Oil Christ I baptise us for Thy work ! Give an agony of desire, a constraining love, a fixod purpose, wisdom, energy, devotedness-all for Theo. Be to us light, and joy, and love, and might ; our all in all, for, without Theo, wo can do nothing. 