fblBSt&Stif; I&B;&Bgjtefi.; HSrf^-KOWiSBWSf WW»'. [?] or two mfty mate a -fafee«*$l& «** «i«* «?? earae-af tiiem. Hug it, mis sme ! U»k M it m a business \»v, if yon wenl- &o;*n a humsflo point of view. There's many a I*, worth tiro hutflred pounds sterling, may be esr*i by just a sup of ihose things ypu-e^«t down tbere. Come, came, continueii t6e ftoctor, changing nis tone to wheed ling one, ? you iron't uriad a Tittle ertra trouble and coiug out of your way a bif : and they won't' (pointing to some of the crew *no were preparing to hoist some of the -baggage from the hold), 'for the sake of some of yeur countrymen in dis tress.' The Doctor suceeded, as determination, pluck, aad pood temper always will. ? Well, well. Doctor OToole,' said the purser. ?Ill ask the Captain, and I shan't tinow any obstacles in the way ; but in the meantime, come down to the saloon and have a glass of sherry or eome pale ale.' ?Xo, thank ye,' replied OToole : ' I'd sooner not now. Businessfirstfpleasureaftorwards. When 1 see those cases being hoisted up, I don't niiud, but not till then.' Poor OToole was as dry as a bone— ouly in wardly, for outwardly.be presented an nppaarjince like a very porous filter— but he was steadfast in his resolre. 'By the way,' eaid the purser, coming back, ' the cases are consigned to the Military Purveyor. You're not. 1 think ? ' 'So, I'm rot,' said Doctor OToole. 'The Pur veyor couldn't come himself — he's dead.' This last was thrown in as if it were rather an idle excuse, but still the only one to be given for the Purveyor's non-attendance. ' Well, 1 suppose we must do without him. You can give in the receipt for the articles, and that will do.' Dr. OToole gained his point, and, after having a glass of pale ale— nectar in that climate— he was watching the cases being placed in the large boat be had brought for their transport, when Leonard Heistone came up to him again. 1 1 beg your pardon. Did I understand you to Eay that Mr. Clennell was dea-j ?' ? Xo,' replied floctor OToole. ' He's not dead, liut it's a toss up, poor Clennell, which way it iriil be ? and be indicated, with a motion of the hand the nicety to which the events of life and death were balanced in the scales. ' I am making a tour of the East,' said Helstone, 'and am going to 6tay here a short time.' ('A mighty queer place for a tourist to stop at ! ' thought OToole.) ' Can you tell me the best hotel to pnt up at ?' ? Not many people go to hotels here, I think,' Eairt OToole, who, now that the ' comforts' and the medicines were off his mind, was much more communicative. ' But there's one, called the 'Victoria,' I should say was about the best.' ' Thank you,' said Heistone. ' I shall do myself the honour of calling up at the barracks, and in quiring after Mr. Cienne!!, for although, as 1 said before, I'm not acquainted with him, still we're dietaotl y connected.' 'A connection of Clennell'e, is it? Then, my dear fellow, don't go to an hotel stall. We can put you up in barracks— no, bedad, though I I wouldn't advise you to come to the barracks. You'll be down with fever in a few days. No, we'll be happy to see you any time you choose to come and lunch or dine, but it's poor hospitality asking you to come and catch the fever.' ' Why, has there been much sickness t' asked Heistone. ' It's been awful ! They've been dying like rotten sheep ! They've two regiments here now, where there's only room for one.' ' Mr. Clennell's case, then, is a very critical one, is it ?' said Heistone, harking back to what was of more interest-find moment to him, than the general, health of Purghatorree. ' Yee. He might to be at home now, picking up his health and strength, instead of lying at death s door. He was recommended to be sent home early two months ago by a medical board, and lie was well enough to go then, but be got entangled some how in the meshes of our military system, and lie wasn't let go.' ' I dou't understand,' said Heistone. ' Neither does anyone else, my dear fellow. Ye'd be a wonder if you did. And he got a relapse, and lie's been worse than ever ; but, please G od, we muy get him round yet ' ' i By this time, tbe cases that Dr. OTooie was so solicitous about had been lowered iuto tlie boat, and lie departed, soon followed by Leonard Jlel Mone, bag and baggage. All that night the latter lay awake in Ins room at the hotel. There wereothersleep-dispellling in fluences at work besides the fearful heart, the raos iiuitoes, the strangeness of the place, and thntfecl iiiS of ijeing still rocked in the cradle of the deep that remains with one long after the ship in which luis misery has been undergone has been left. lie could not drive awBy from his mind a hope which be knew was base and wicket, and forjwhich he despised himself, for Leonard Ilelftone was ueitheir quite a brute nora scoundrel yot, but still aliich he could not repress, and that was, that the descendant of Harriet Carteret, the eldest daughter nf Sir Hug!), might quietly slip out of this world, ;md make way for the great grandson of Bertha, the second daughter. He longed for the next day, to hear how the sick man was coin' on ; and when the next day came lie hiredaconveyaucenud drove up the hill, and down again on the other side, into the natural furnace in which t!ie barracks were built. As ho let t the hills and descended into the stifling atmosphere, lie was uearly stopping the native Jehu, and asking him whether he was not driving by mistake down into the crater of a very lively volcano. He vra?, however, reassured when the driver pulled up in front of a fine stone gateway, where a pale and shaky sentry, looking like the ghost of a JBritiEh soldier, directed torn to Clcnnoll's quarters. This sentry stood at the gate feebly, or crawled about without a rifle, being too ill and weak to cany one. These sort of duties were called ' light,' and wore furnished by the convalescents. In answer to Helstone'a knock at the door of Glenneil's quarters, which was open, but had a ? screen of bnmboo frame-work, hanging before it, a little girl. of about ten, decently dressed in mourn ing, made of some light material, came to screen ou tiptoe, pursed up her colourless little lips, aud held a thin forefinger up tothem. ' VThat is it please ?' she said in a whisper. 'He's juet dropped oH to sleep, and Doctor OToole said if lie did, he WRsn't on no account to 1)6 woke up.' ' Is this Mr. Clennell's quarters :' asked Hcl btone. ' Yes, sir,' said the littlegh'l. ' Well, 1 only want to ask ? ' ' If you please, sir,' interrupted the cautious little nurse, ' I'd better come out and talk to you in the passage,' and she lifted the screen gently, and lpdtheway down the passage for a little, and then stood up awaiting her questioner's will, a fragile, demure palefaced little thing, with red eyes ?ind a pink tip t'o tier nose. * 1 only want to ask how Mr. Clennell is to-day,' ?aid Heistone. ' I think he roust he better now, sir,' said the little girl, ' for Doctor OToole said if lie had a fiood sleep it might be the saving of him, for he's I been lerious for ever so long.' ' Has he been very ill, then ?' *0b, yes, sir; this last time he has. Thoy thought he wassone lots of times.' Leonard Heistone was not particularly deficient in feeling, and he felt a jrlow of pity for the child, and a curiosity to know who she wns, and what she was doing there. ' And what's your name i' he said. * Jessie, sir.' 'Jessie what-' ' Jessie Gibson, please, sir.' * And what are you doing here, Jessie ? Where are your fatter and mother. The little girl- nostrils and mouth twitched, and the eyes and the tip of the nose got redder, and she produced, in choking silence from the depths of b«r pocket, a Tory sotied handkerchief— tue receptacle of much fniTeUJug— rolled up into a tight ball, which she proceeded to squeeze and roll up tighter in her bands, and then to Ub her g»s «BraggFjg& SUlS'SiJS^' to uievSr «5e qot*txen^£rt ««&.f£eSfet effort to sneak a eob-&aut; SowSje -J*«g» **' ^^r itegneUor she atf «J*e S»& 'W, -**%&*& Bass*i-ejiear the outer Of***. fceswfcW***'* t?*«Jy ntSe tiiiu, UtHtj, WiVst nmSBad shoniaere,. and patted-tlKia. He 4M mfc-qrepeat tke queataoa. le had had an aitewito more eloquent t*m. The little girl did not a}HM«r to think so, how ever for Hie made another fcTOrt, aud said, ' Please sir m-mo-uioUierK dead.' O^Hs dead came out in kwous little wail,) ' An*A- is poor, poor father. Oh ! Ob !' ? Don:t cry, Jessie ! And who was your ? Colour-Sergeant Gibson, sir, of K Company — boo hoo uoo-the same a* Mr. Cliuioell's. Ye* poor old Gibson had cone, too, ;iud Jessie was -tluittlier little gurl' he had asked Clunnell, and C'lenurlJ hiid promised, to bef-.nend. Ponvuld, Ijibsun ! If itu1 render recollects, he was to have been invalided by the Jiest Board that sat ; but they ouly sat periodically, and between the sitting of oaf and the assembling of tbe nest, he liarf died, eci between two Boards he had s°ne to the grouii'!. ? Aud have you been ill, too, Jessie r ' Yes, sir : I've liad ilie lever, but J'm quite well uow. t!inul: you. Mr. Oh ! here's Doctor OToole coining- now ! ' itud the cliild'd lace brisliteneil —'How dye do ! Glad to see you've fouml your way down heve,' said Doctor OToole to iieistoue. ' Ah ! Jessie ! and hows he getting ? Oh, please, sir, he's sleeping beautiful !' ' Is he. bedad '- Then there's nothing for me to rin here, lor sleen nt this time is worth any amount of Doctors OToule. I'll drop in in the alte.noon, agaiu, Jessie, and I'll send you over something nice from the mess. Come over there,' he added, turning to IMstone, ' the tiffin bugle will be going in a few minutes.' The invitation was accepted, and they both walked across the Square— Heistone feeling more than ever that there must be a lively volcano in active operation somewhere very close — whilo Jessie returned to the darkened room to watch over the living aud mourn for the dead. Doctor OToole did not always speak with a bropie. It wns only in moments of excitement, or when he wished to be emphatic, that lie did so, and at those times you might have cut it witu a :j knife. He was excited as lie entered tlie ante-room with Heistone, whom he introduced to a lew officers who were lauuging about waiting for tile tiffin bugle to sound. ' Well, ' Doctber,' aud what's the news f ' lie was ' docther' to everyone in the regi ment, men and officers, Saiou, Hibernian, 'or Gael. ' yews ! Would yc believe it ?' burst out OToole at once after, of course, the usual preface : ' Wait for a moment,' etc. ' We've had a letter from home pitching into us like haythens, for expinding so much port wine in the hospital, aud telling us well have to bear the expinse ourselves, if such wanton wnste is repeated. Wantoa wnste ! That's what they call saving a man's life worth two hundred puumls to them — and a great deal more to himself, faith,— for apaltbry bottle of port wine. They've sent us four dozen in the last consignment which will just last about a week at the most, for in the giniral hospital there's sixty, if there's one, just recovering, to whom a glass or two of port every day fov a time means loife,' (he was getting very excited) 'nnd to kape it from him means murther. And when this is done— sure ? and they spake of this fame as if it were a very remote oc currence—we're to go on an intirely new principle. We've to purchase the ' comforts' ourselves on the spot : and och, the generosity ! Yo won't be lave it ! Vr'c may go as fnr, but wo mayn't; eicr.de, two shillings a bottle for the port 1' At this there was a general howl of exocreation ; and the senior officer present, a fat old Major, seemed to sicken and turn faint in his chair, as he faltered out, Come, come, OToole, your joking !' ' By me sowl, it's God's tr-r-utb f Two suilliuce a bottle !' ' Don't, don't OToole !' said the fat old ilajor, whose nose seemed to be hung out like an illumi nated sign-bonrd, to show that liquors were drunk on the premises.' ' Uou't ; it's positively revok ing !' ? Two shillings a bottle !' repeated OTonle, re gardless of the'bld Major's entreaties. ' Why it's enough to knock a strong ninn down, let alone a poor fellow thrimbling in iiie balnuce! What would you take, Major, to dhriuk half a '.untie of two shilling port nt this uiouieulr Tilt' Sfdjor shuddered, nnd even tlie nose paled ns if tue li^ht iu the illuminated sigh-board had sud denly gone out, as lie said rather iinfnily, ' come, come, OToole ; a joke's a joke, but you're csrryiu^ it too fui-r1 Vfjli!' Well. I'll till you what it if. Oim not going to commit wtioieNiie lumther fov any Goverment ; nml my name's not OToole if^l give a poor fellow any of ttiatsmnetwo shilling purt, barring, per haps, a mau 1 catch ehominuig, and I'll give it him ns a punishment. Hut if, in my opinion, it's necessary fur a sick man to have port, I'll not give him poison, hut I'll send over to this mess bei-i-, ami gel it good, aud ranybe snve his life by it ; am', if tlie iiovernmeul won't pay for it, which 1 don't suppose they will, why although I'm a jiour man. and an humble individual ? ' ' -'o, un/ cried ;i voice : ' a descendant of Brian Boru. king ot Lister, iniligeut, perhaps, but never humble !' 