THE members of the Protestant Alliance Friendly Society are disquieting themselves in vain. They may safely, we think, allow 'thefriertarbed - minds to ttln iespect of r the forthcoming till for the regal ation and better jmansgement trf friendly societies, es promised bv the Chief Seczetsrv. Thdrde- pntatioa to the Minister, of Edacation last Satnrday wbb well meant W dbattibat we hardly think it wss jrither well-timed or jadkions. What' is' it they are afraid of ? - In what manner can. legislation designed eolely, and in good futh, to. benefit the friendly societies, -harm" the Protestant Alliance in particular ?. , We happen, to be in a position that enables us to speak some- what definitely abcmt the general character of - the bill now in oooras of con-. Btrnction, ' becanse we . have . ' got oar information respecting : it from the foun- ttun-head— namely i fixRn tiie ' members of, |he Royal .Gomnnauon jthemsefveB. Those gentleman are well knawn ;. tbey are acceesible, and they are 'read at aU times to give information to all oomera "reapectihg thedr past proceedings or their future designs. I£r Langbidge, ALL. A- for (Jol- lingwood, is Chairman of Commission, and he will only be too happy to te0 all he knows, With' respects to ths .Objects of the enquiry, first institnted by himBelf, to any promoter of friehiUyeoaetiee who may/apply to him for uiformaiion. Beaidee, .the report of the Commisstao is published and circu lated, and a copy of it is to be" had by any person who wants it, and who in willing to pay a trifling earn to the Government Printer. Now, -the. recommendations ap pended to the report embrace every point that will beindnded in the new bill- There is no myatiery at affl aboat the patter. We £avo no' hesitation in cdpfejwing. "that oar very accarate information aboot the. anticipated Jill. has., bepdned .from ; a- perusal rof the . report, and ,from,ersoijal ponveisaiion thtMaieinbeiB« theOom: mission. The very esune'actnices ai know-- ledge were jast osfreely ipentdthe;mem- bers of the P.A.F, Soctety:as to oarselvee. Instead - of > waiting in depatation oh . the Minister of Edacation, thqr. ought .to have interviewed Mr lingbidge, end he wonld have enlightened their ignqranoe Yety com pletely. - -i; Bnt we repeat onr qaestion--What Is it the PJ.Soaeiyis,afrudof?.ljBgjoar8d of action on Satnrday, -and their rfrtat»nents made to theflom W: Oj&UTH;, were botii of a kind to remind a byetand'y'ratiier nh- pleasantiy, of the old proverb touching the ghost-like' quality of nmiciOD in con nection with minds hardened. with: : a sense of wrang-dcang. If there be bo harm done, there need not be any harm meant, nor any anticipated. The deputation was, apparently, in ' a terrible taking. They stated to the Minister of Edacation that certain journals had lately stated that it is " the intention of the Government to com pel the P.A.F. Society to disgorge all the moneys that it could be proved to have misapplied or failed to account for, and that the said society has been specially selected above all others as the object of special legislative vengeance." This is very dreadful,' we own— even alarming to weak nerves. Bat we have the satisfaction of annonndng.to the, members of the PJLF. Society that the etfttnmontu ' which have caused it such consternation are purely imaginary and entirely grotmdtesh. The Government have no such intention as iB here set forth — have never dreamt of such a thing — never troubled their heads for . a single instant shoot the internal affairs of the P.A.F. Society. Was not the Minister of Edacation himself obliged to admit that the whole business was , ntteriy aiiknown to him? .And his colleagues, we happen to'know, are in the same blissfal state of contented ignorance. It is a mere delusion, then, to suppose that there is on- hand any porpoise erf compelling this or any other friendly society to "dis gorge." .It is eqnally an error to suppose that the PjAiF. Society-has been singled ont for "special legislative vengeance." They who make poch aJlegatioTiB gimply betray their innocent -ignorance both of the real business trf a Government and 'of the design of practical legislation. ' The plain truth is, the new Ml will pot in any way refer 'to the P.AJ!SotJKy or ite affura: hTo- measare of general legislation can ,have a special bearing. No;poMic acti of parliament can be ' of tiie nature of -private: bills: Now, to' . deal : with -the P:A.F. Society by itself -ih a measure before the Assembly would' be to do a bit of private -legislation.. It is only, and ex clusively as one of many societies; of a cognate character, that this particnlar society wiU be included in the bill. There will be. no, special .reference td!it at all, no retro spective clauses, no provisions for. compel ling "disgorgement," mi not A single clause of -the " legislativelvengeance "kind. If the members of .the P. A.F. Society doubt our a88urance apon these particnlars, they can apply directly for information (as we' liave said already) to the chairman af the (inmimniiisi ' himtttJf. The SOW Ml, SB the teatmrnaKUjoiu of the. rnmrniwaonere show, will be etrictiy jgenerel, impartial, prarttea!,' and entirety heoefidsl in jte. bear- ings on the iatereMa «f the societies. It' will not go beyond this ;, and if kny perspn reqairee to obtein more be will have to.adcpt -other measures tb resBse Us potpOee; ' "Bat," said the depotatian totheMlmstBr of Ednbfldqh-tfii report 6fj"'&e; Cqmm eionisinocHTectintwopiutidilaa the PA-F. Sodely."- And tiiencame the old storiBB jf thfe trapsfM- of moneys from; the tbe iegaGa /fatid, and jof . the missing leaf in the bank pass-book, over again. , fhese two points have been so djsr (mei; one slnay iiay) in oar own cqlamns, that we fihall spare tenr- readers any farther reference' fO them pn thiB occasion. It has never been dearly proved that; the repoit '."""ti1. tPc steteomiite of them mati-' bpt-that by tbe- way. - The importanit inatter. is that ex ceptional instances, of mismanagement :ih the societies — and these . amongst them— sesrebed out and dragged to iignt solely and exclnsiraly for the purpoiie oF supplying waymarksfbrfatore Boimd legisla tion. Itis not the object of the law-maker to poiiiBhj'hat to amend. Isdstel cases are of no yalpe tor his porooe, excepting in bo far as they mtpjdy- mm with indications of a prindjfle. Tho>, as the old mamm in Criminal jaw funs, lOIII & JDOtpOilished frf hpnae stealing, bot he is pmnshed uprler that horaee may ocA be . stolen. So in the juta jteggg|e(wBeeof inrect-' >RSdc»y: weib fiubbfitigated' ZiH: St not that ths society in question shotdd be held aji to poblic reprobation, bat feOTder-jtotjSacR ctisa bf indirectness rilomd beywBventel in fa tare. It isagrt mfcaks fdrtte mem bers jrf the aboely to deKt the commis- Bionere with vmdv fedmg towards it The gentlemmi hi qneetipn wereimtirrfy im- bent and wholly bent, oa ebcanng yml- nese, and perfect reitebili-aafl-Ah solvency, in the working of Hoda tfiele dmK that the measure now in hand will be found, when published, to be fltbnn"ntjy- "flsphd The Report of Trogresa, by the-Secretary of Mines, in connection with the Geological Survey of Victoria, contains some par- .ticnlfira with reference toJhe Crewick dis- jtrict which wifl - be read /with no small interest and satisfaction. The information in qnestion has been collected by Mr EB&U8E;, geological surveyor for the Cres- widr district, and one of the beat informed and most useful officers connected with the Wining Department It is the opinion of this gentleman, after a careful examination of the geological features of the dis trict, that a large section of the country thereabouts, covered by volcanic rocks, is auriferous ; indeed, he.. regards .it as almost a -certainty that, when explored, the area will be .found to contain the sites of rich goldfields, both alluvial and quartz. He forms this opinion because he has a strong belief that the lower Jsflurian rocks prevail 'faeneath'iUi"'tiwt,rt6 qootii Mr Gouchman's Own words; r and vvhr need scarcely remind those persons who iknow anything of the eabject from A scientific point of view, that mis .is one of the most, favorable indications of the existence of gold winch can be fitmck ot disco vered. It is whfcre these rpcbB prevail that gold has been fonnd oh idl the other goldfielda of TVictoris ; and, therefore, if tins formation, or the early paleozoic, .rey exiBts .to the extent Mr kbause thinks, there is po canse .to doubt the soundness of his suM>te- meotary remark, that both ridi alia vial and quartz will be fonnd at the spot he has ex amined, and that an era iff prosperity toH 'someday befaithe Greswick district equiva lent to what it witnessed some twenty years ago, and second to not anything sort- winch amy otber portion of the anrifer- oos belt of Victoria has yet experienced. That portion of Jhe tiistrict of Creewicsk to which ' Mr KbAUBE refens, lies in the andfenre and the! whole of itH <»rerei wiSb yidc»Hic or baBalt -nx.- Tt oomprises an area of 10445 square miles, and, with' the exception of what has been . done in the neighbor hood of Spring Eill and Kingston; and; one or two other parts," "is aa virgiii to the pick ,. of the miner to-day s it was before , gold , was found in Vic toria; and we need scarcely" add that 'the gold found by the differeht companiea,' working off the Ktegrton leadfi,lg06ji fflphg Wy; to -cdtrm ammtoea otjMr Krau6E's convictions; The breadtin jef new auriferous cuuuUy for the minor to ex plore in the -Greswick district is, therefore, shown to he very large, fioppoeing Mr KBAUEiB's theory to be correct; and we do not see, after the careful examination which that gentleman has made of the locality, how any doubt can reasonably exist npOn this branch of the subject. There is, unfor tunately, a difficulty, however, -in the way of anything like immediate or eariy profit bring gained from the information winch Mr KbaUSE supplies, bnt this is no more than, naturally follows from the formation Of the country described. The overlying basalt is bard, compact, and deep; the position of the underlying drift beds or quartz seams is un certain, and, as Mr GOUOHMAN, writing upon Mr Kbause'S report, points ont, the richest deposits of gold - may -existdn- the reef washes at higher levels, rather than in -the deep ground ; and therefore great diffi culty and expense might be experienced in successfully exploring the large area of couiitiy'of which Mr kbause has formed so favorable an opinion. - Bnt these are. difficulties which are always associated with deep - ground covered with a volcanic forma tion, and do not neutralise the ad vantage of knowing where grid is likely to be fonnd, or reduce the Value of the interesting and important information which MrKBAUSE has tornkhed. At all . events, the Minister of Mines may eee, in this portion of the" Report of Progress, one strong; reason why he should persevere with his prospecting echeme. State assistance in developing ground --of this extensive - and : favorable character wonld be aXnost justifiable step to, take, and beyond all doubt prove im-- mbDBely4)enefiCial to all classes in the com munity. . , We are.TeqaeatedXo state that, in ctnueqnence - of pressure of public business, it mil "be impqssilila for. Major Smith to returh-to Balliirat" to-day. The deputations which were to have waited on the Minister of Mines and Education this morning mil, therefore, tali through for the present. We hare ascertained from two different sovroes ffiat the Miniater'of Education has finally fired on the M&carthur; street- arte for the Soldier's . Pili State-school. Yesterday a proprietor of part of that aits was mitten to, asking him to forward his deeds .to the department, in order that the transfer might be made ont. - In another column -will be fonnd a detailed report ofa meeting hrid . in ffie Mrehauiral.Inatitute. last night, with reference to the proposed forthcoming juvenile industrial exhibition. As the meeting was 'of " a preliminary nature, very little was done beyond a formal resolution being passed, that it. was desirous to hold the exhibition.' Mr Boss was elected secretary pro tern, and a sob-committee fanned to assist Mm. Mr Bannister gave a detailed explanation of what he thought the exhibits should consist, the object he had in view in arranging this exhibition, and what -the prises wonld consist of, stating that the exhibition, which wonld he opened some time next March or April, would be thrown open to the other colonies. . Gar Blackwood correspondent hears that Mr Woolfe, an rid resident of Blackwood, has, in con junction with bis brothers, succeeded to a fortune of nearly £500,000, by the death of a relative in Great Britain. We remind ratepayers in arrears that this is the last day -they ean pay their rates to have then- names included in the voters" roll for 1877-8. The -collector's office at the Town Hall, -Barkdy street, will be open from dx to right this -evening, to tecdve rates.' ,. '7 ; .; The gstes at the. Doveton. street crossing were ran fate by the 4A0 train to :Btaweil on Friday morning. Only half the gates were; tamed to hloek the roadway, aid the signal-man, by some mistalce (arisihg, OTia «id," from wraf pf rieep), jworfced the.mong prints,, end tnrried tlw! tnun pn 1 to the MatybOrongh rials. /The gates beiDg blocked far Mary borough, the enjtihe ran into the obstruc tion, and csdsed ohosiderahle damage. The gate- lteepw bad a narrow gssspe. of bis life;- as he, was ' standing on the Maryborough line, and did ncl see that the train was on the wrong track before! it was neatly on tbe top of him. The' Minister of Poblic Works was feted at Castlpmaine. and Mr A. T. Clark At. Williams- ptwn, on "nmrsday evening. The Premier was present at the latter gathering, and Major Smith at the former. Id the coarse of a speech, Major Smith intimated that toe Government programme would inriude a loan and prospecting vote, to be applied on a new principle, namely, the develop ment of those districts, stub as Castlejnaine, in Which gold is known tb exist. At toe invitatiOD of Mr B. Hepburn, abont seventy or eighty gentlemen, together with several ladies, met - at Ascot, yesterday, for a day's - oonrsing, aid a most enjqytofa meet was the -result- The first brace ri dogs were placed in slips at Ogfivie's botdl and, before the conclusion ml toe dayA apart, so leu titan sixteen good courses , were ran. Doting -the. (fay, -Mr Hepburn, rater— tsined iris friendr At lnncb on:the Arid in aynoat : hospitable uisnner.v-iMr Cndghtrm filfadtoetpori- Hon riijndgertto1hfa aoonBtomedr«taity7-6while the principal part riflQrisRppmg wraahiy! per formed by Mr Braxenor." The beating was 1 entered into with the greatest possible spi& aad, ' under toe command of Mr Brind, asrined by overal equally energetic sportsmen,. wsa thne of Soufe conridersMmoderstrading m>pean still to exist between toe BnngareSshire Gaanril and the Jrier Commissiou wito Irierente to the, new toad u't Eong' -nrare rapeoalfaALS re-' gards toe wiolto of road jrroposea u|be given in exchange for the rid road. - The iHBng of the remmtsakm, at f « meeting last nighCtariveisally was that the aame jridth exactly should be riven, "ira"HiiS,'®htterWK! tefarred Wtoe' riiBmi an, secretary, and engineer, te -bave tofa dona. - A »r. port afthe proceediagvof 3 thecomtmssira w31 be jDnbdjnanrifaerndomn. A man,- named. Thomas JBfayes, engineer) at MageeVeawImHlj at BriHarorit gotjwp fingers "SE£hBTiis nght"hand and his thumb injnred. owing to hit bam coming into contact with toe areolar saw. He was jjroogbt into, toe Ballaxat Hospital OH TharWfay,; iind ffa mpw prijrearing favorably: ... Mr GagrA occdpied the bench at the City Police Court yesterday and dealt with two drunkards. Six persons were fined fis each, with. 5s costs, far pngWting to send their chfidren -to school for thirty daye dnring toe past quarter of the year. We are requested to state that the improved cams, or wipers, in toe battery noticed by us yes terday, are Messrs Somerville, Holland, and Drummond's patent, for which Messrs Lonie and Dingle, of the White Flat Foundry, are the Bal- larat agents. At the meeting of the Water Commission last night, Mr J. A Chalk was elected auditor in the room of Mr G. Perry, resigned. A miner, named Isaac Norton, working in the Bohshaw claim was going up to the poppet heads yesterday when he-slipped and fell a distance of about 20 feet. On taking him to the Hospital it was found that be was badly braised and had re- ceived a scalp wound, his head having struck against an iron bar. The Consolation Bailing Bace, iq ooDnection ' with toe liite regatta on Quran's "BSrthday. will come off to-dy, Weadooree, at tiro o'clock. There are six entries, and the prizes will be £3, £2, snd £1 Aor toe first, second," andflhird boats respectively. It is po uibie some other matches will ateo bemade np. . An old blind beggar man, named Patrick Byrne, was walking along the main street yesterday, un- accompanied by the lad who usually directs him, when, owing no doubt to the absence of bis guide, he dipped and fall doirn, putting his trip ont. He was taken to . the Hospital where his fojories were attended to. The necessity of some reformation in the" Edu cation Departtnent wM remtrksbly exemplified at the meeting of the Water .Commission, last teri>t- Oh'toe lfito of 'January a letter Was written by the secretary to the department, with reference, to the waste of wrier at toe Motmt Fjeasant SriiooL The reply was resri" last night, only five months having passed away in toe interim. The absur dity of toe affair, too, is that there is not now any great caii for taking stringent measures to prevent waste, but there was when the original communi- cation was sent. A lad named John Downs, aged fifteen years, was arrested yesterday afternoon by Sergeant M'Parfand, and lodged in the Towqlockinp, bn two chajgeii.Sl strafing a cart atridle, value 30?,' the properly of'GamiH Phniips, and a quantity of harness, value .£2 10s, toe" property oi the ehme person. Prisoner will be hront before the Town Conrt this morning: - Mr E. Stocks has just completed five water- color sketches,' which are now to be seen in Mr J, E. Baird's window, jn.Bridge streeL They comprise views of Mr Bath's estate " Ceres," with the township, of Learmonth in the background ; Mr Baird's estate, in the same locality ; Lal Lal Falls ; and ,;two Australian coast scenes. All tod views atetxcelleotly printed, and. ate characterised by prwcWBof toeme artist. - Mr F. M. Claxton sold on Thursday, in the .estate of J. C. Raves, the freehold property situate at the corner of Main and BarRly streets, to Mr Raves for the sum of £220. An allotment in the . Main street, adjoining Mr Ellsworth's store, was sold to Mr Ellsworth far £19. On Friday the same auctioneer disposed of a shop and dwelling in Humffray street, opposite Sim's timber-yard, to Mr August Panlmsnn for £45. The store recently occupied by Mr Jagger, in the same locality, was arid to Messrs Mark and Jenkins for £80; and two allotments of land in Bice street were arid at £5eacfa. The funeral of the late Mr John O'Brien took place yesterday, and was attended by a large num ber of ids immediate friends and relatives. The Rev. Father Cleary officiated at the grave. The mortuary arrangements were conducted by Mr Atkins. An into and a half of rain fell in the Kingston district on Friday morning. It turns out that Mr Walpole, secretary of the Dnndasshire Council, committed suicide. There was nothing in his manner to indicate suicidal far tentions, and he was engaged fa shire bruinpss mot many minutes previously. The finance committee of the council were on Wednesday and Thursday investigating .the accounts, bnt the results have not transpired. - The death of Mr Walpole haa cast a gloom over toe district, the deceased bring well respected and having . a large family. His affairs are complicated" with land speculations, but it fa believed toe family will be above want when all is settled. Mr Walpole was a native of toe tenth of Ireland, and a relative 1 of the Messrs Walpole, well- known and highly- respected merchants of the city of Watetford. They were prominent, members of the Society of Friends. Referring to Mr Bannister's suggestion to hold a Juvenile Industrial Rvhiiiiiann in Ballarat, to be open to toe yonth of all the 'colonies, the Cottk- maiTie Representative writes : — " Such an exhibition would be of incalculable interest, not only as show ing toe present of the colony, bnt indicative of its future. Not so very long since an effort was made to extend the suffrage to yoong men of eighteen on the statement that maturity of physiqueand in tellect was attained at an earlier period here than . it colder climates. Withont radorsihg ihe asser tion, we may hfat faat tire result of such an exhi- .b'ltion as has been suggested migbtTproye whelher toe yonth of the colony are worthy tor -the pro posed hpnor." , " , ,".f , ; " A Mrs Madesy. ' residing at Adelaide, has given birth to four children, and' mother and offspring ate firing wriL The wife of a baker at Newcastle has been less fortunate. She gave birth to three infants, and one of toe children add 'toe mother are since dead. A successful concert was held at St. Stephen's Church parsonage fast Thursday evening, when the following programme was gone through, Miss Macgowan presiding at the piano 1 throughout the evening Song7 J" I'm waiting, my darting, for thee," Mr Darron ; song, " Annie . Laurie,"" »« Oonageej eong, " Thou art ever in my. dreams, little darling," Mr T. Wright; song, "Watching for pa;" Miss JS. Ritchie ; recitation, "A sad story," Mrs Palmer ; song, "Golden stair," Mi«« F. Parsons ; readings from ' Shakespeare, Mr. Dalzell ; song, "Orphan's prayer," Mr Recce : song, "Mill May," HisfBarttey and MissE. Bitchie; dnet, " Larboardwatch," Messrs W. Drmn.and JL Cranage ; song, "Child of misfortune," Mb« Strange; song, -".Stall we aver rneet agafa t " Mr Cranage (encored ; reading, Mr Han; song, " Beautiful isle Of 'the sea,"" Miss' Gonagee ; song, Swet Genevieve," filr iDarrow psoug,' " Little sister i gone to deep," Miss Writot;, reritation, "A yoong man missing," Miss Oouflgee; song, " Please give me t penny," Mist EBitririe; song, " Mary, your fatherfaeome home,". Mfas JSsrtley. A-votenl thanks was accorded to the' jaaniste and singers, and' a special -rote "of -'thanks was also pa used to foote'-fadiBs and gratiemca who . came for waul and renfari wlmhb A very "ples'sint evening was .far6bghi:toadbte by. the riimr singing- ri» W»«nb»l >»«»-) : - .mvmsmK eerricevrin «iria in die -BIble tan HHfan Obnrol, Armstrong street, to-morrow, when the Bev.: p. Nether way will preach in be morofag and evening, and toe Rev. J. Lowe fa toe afternoon, A public meetfag will, be held fa the tourd on-tbe MBday evenii. . ; A footosH match took pfape JissterdaY between a twenty selected from the severe! colleges ."and a like number -from toe schools, which, after an afternoon flf good - pfajrfJHHfad -in urijther side fib- taming a goal.. The following played well .for toe rallegei— James S. Waniiss M'Kenzie, Bryant, Firzherbert, Greenwood,Swfadells, andMDmiald; and for the schools-Kncbam, O'Connor, -Weight, Oldfleld, Stagter, anid Mfirey played wriL Several chances were made for goals, bnt all were circnm- - vented. ; - t To-moritJfefa -Charity Snnday faXlnnes, when sermfiBS wiU be preariied and collections made in all the local cborphes on behalf of the charitable institution of toe town. . A scrateh match between toe members of toe "Ballarat Grammar School F. C. wfll be played in Greens paddock nt half-past two today. All members are requested to attend. A snmmoned meetfagrfConrt Littie John, S328, toe bridjat the British Queen hotel, Bridge treet, next Tuesday evening, for toe nomination of officers. The Tfaflway Department invites tenders tins mmpjngfortimminufactnreand supply oFthirty- prills and.rix crossings. Particulars Stttoe found fa.onr advertisii criurans. 'A ganm of footbriltwu nfaved vtefardav be- toar&mT-; Ths7|afa8hBed afi Ahtasy'tory- fw toe fatten by five goals. W. Kavarag, Q, ttrttoins for the opposing side. nP,Iy and j, I Tta composition of the 1 psslli on the committee . Tiyi-thcrn toy isslw. I MujtawG seats are to be Detitinr,o?"CTal Under these rireumstascos. taut j hronght to ftarto'afSdif hM" toeea I Sir.-C. Gavan D1lt(>f«>e Government aide of toe Houte tfahfT®1 andprofahly one of toe majotitvf06 I in favorofaldfaistraoF toetfaVfli,rea»« famaitamed as (he gentleman who will i?158 I and probably Mr Later wfll he »I. effect thab no'letterSTi 10 TOt can be forwarded throngh toe b Pacfages over tins wrightnSy be S regard to their contents. wthtmt | In -consequence of the continnnna I occasioned to the hon. the Comrasrion bv nnappomted deputations calling nmnT®8 aU boon of toe day, toe hon.Mr LjT,. M Ejrald) has issaed sn order similar to thMi,' '5! ! by the hon lifc Carey whentofe i apptantfag Wednesday as toe onlv divn, v?" : deputations will be recrived in Vfi?4 I By. this order bring, carried out, the«Set experts that hewM -be enabled to rivTeiSf0 action to the transretion of depfrtj It fa -understood 'f says the Herald) thst «, Governments of the whole of the Anstafiu i,?8 agreed to cmtribatetowaxdstfeexpemeriwfwf cablegrams, tbe. despatch of which is to hT afiged for by the represratatives of the vsrin colonies m London. The first nwm.g? j expected and anxiously awaited 0KriI j A fearfully sudden scrtdent (savs the V,. 1 ooroegh Advertiser) occurred on Thnrsdsv L. I which an rid resident named Wffliam vt.S!$ I aged sixty-five yeats, the father cfTT' I her of jonng men who are much re«»3 I im Maryborough, was suddenly killed. Mrkh I shall was toe proprietor of a store about too Su," I oo -the road from Maryborough to Aroca, intl I Thunday was driving into Maryborough. HeLt I -s lOrialfon cask fa bis dray, and was rittim son I it- Another man-was drivipg a horse andoaZ I front of bim. When dose -to the second aflate 1 on the Avoca road.this'man had his attratim» I tracted to Marshall, who had been thrown oat J 1 bis dray. He bad token a ride tracTT with an inequality in the road ; one wheel of t£ I vehicle passing over higher ground than obosLmS I toe other faffing enddraly into a deep rut barrel'on which toe deceased was sitting, it is sn- 1 foirei ffted Wga and threw him on his head m toe5 griiuud, tim6ng"iBst!mt death from dialOcttion of the neck, tso A--. : A most riialsr -Occurrence (says the Hemid) ' was 'reinarfced by 'Captain M-Crilum, of tte ! 'Gout hern Belle; dnrfog her passage from Ner. : castle to "Adelaide. The vessel was hove-to fat twenty-four hours battling with some very rongi weather, during which time she was carried W» current quite ninety miles dead to windward, tbe sea water alongside being 10 deg. wanner than the atmosphere. This occurrence is supposed to hare had tome 'connection with the late tidal &. tmrbcnces fa New Sooth Wales and New Zealand and it-is a enritms fart that the water was besutt folly phosphorescent, as similarly observed dmjm, (he vsyaga ol toe Darra. r-fMs#"id (hat ttaGoyenior-will nfa trim all Ml ranffiy away rrom vietrtja wbra his time cooes ts bid oi a fond farevdt xbe Melbourne comspon- I dent of the Whmianhoal Guardian says " The 1 fature hjlilhsnd ot Sir George's eldest daughter is seen fa 'the son of a weal thy ( member of the Upper Tfonae, snd -already the li&ppy; pair are doomed by toe busy-bodies of ihe block in s mansiim set ! for from the top of Coffins street." ' The Age understands that it is intended to re .move toe Education department into the new "fa of offices wrignbH to it fa the buildings at the rear of the Treasury in a few days' thne Tbe_ Commissioner of Railways (says the dryiij has given directions for the preparation of the drawings,, it, of the proposed new goods shed at the Spenrar afreet station. It is expected that the department will be able to call for tenders for the erection of toe abed (which will be 1000 tat long) in a few days, with the view of adding to the rolling stock. Tenders have already been invited for the eapply of sawn blackwood sufficient for the construction of 1000 waggons. A private letter received from GippsUnd by s gentleman resident at Ararat, states (lays the Advertiser) that at Matlock the snow is 18 inches in depth and showing no signs of thaw. The ranges for miles around sure completely covered with snow. | , Sir W. Jervois and Colonel Scrstcbley are a- j .peeled (says toe Age) . to arrive at Wodoogsoa Monday. They wiU be met by the Minister of Mines, who will proceed to Wodonga on Sasdiy perspecial train. Mr Halford (says toe Castlemaine Represmlatin) J has recently bran travelling in the Boliarook die- j teirt where he describes toe potato crop ts be I something wonderful. I 