LOCAL AKD GENERAL' KWS. Owing to' the' pressure:ou our space this'week, we are colnpelled to* omit our report of the Small Debts' Ckmrtj, Police; ito^pifcdl Meeting,! also Ex halationSt- ahd otheir miitfcet" It is notified in our advertising columns that the -aBBaal-toaat-for children of the Snndav School^ attached- to St. Paul's Church- will take' place on Thursday next. The usual Eaater meeting-of the Church of England will take place- on Monday next at 7*30 p.m. Tuesday Iksf a fete day at Sfofant AbliiJflancGj nearly all tlie' employes on the station making.holi day to celebrate the nuptials of Mr. Hxjlitet, the much respected principal sheep oVetseei- on that statiohi- Mr.- Holder, ifre believe, assisted1 to form Mount Abundance station, "and has now been em ployed oh the run About seventeen years.- Hie holds an important pdaiticrti, atfti has ^U'ccseJed in gaining the esteem of all who know him. The wedding breakfast came off at Mr, Ryder's Hotel, in Roma, where a splendid "spread" was prepared for the numerous guests; and in the evening there were ""Christie MSnstels " and other amusements at the station, where' the" fun- was kept-, up till an- early hour in- the morning. Tkte Aistraliaifc v. the World is to be played on Easter Monday when it is to be hoped the' Natives will tutii thte' tables on the others* and thuS eiiSTire' a' kefen match between' them again in tirote to' coine. The wickets are to be pitched at 10 o'clock a.m. sharp, and the respective teams awl captains will be chosen on the ground from those present. The following are.nominated as players on either side.—World—J. lister, J. Phillips, J. Saunders, R. J. Cottell, C. B_ Klugh, H. Coutts, DL Saltnond, F. W. P. Thompson, H. T. Macfar larre; O. Arnold, J. Sparks, W. Sparks, J. Rodgers, A. Flack, & Holmes.—"Australians—C. Vincent, W. Shielfi, J- Partridge, Ar Curtis, @ P. Campbell, A. AlbiotaV R-; Crossthwaite, G: Fincbner, W. Ede, J. Edwards, Bryant, Y?. Hogan, D: Wilson, W. B. Murphy, W. Power, Lawton, Cavanagh. The District Court will commence its sittings in Roma, on Friday next, the 6th April, before Mr. Judge Paul. Mr Power, the Crown Prosecutor for the district, will prosecute for the Crown. The St. George sittings will commence on the 13th instant. The following is a list of the criminal cases- for trial trial:—Jackey. (an aboriginal)*, assault and. roWyefcy f George* TJndeS-w'ootf, larceny of a watch'; Robert Osbumei false" pretences ; Thomas Wilson^ robbery from a ; JUIlll O'llileu,—liuui jhuuliug, } Jamtes Scott, horsestealing ; William- Oliver,- rob bery from a dwelling.; W, It, Barclay, false'pre tences ; All Chee (Chinaman}, larceny; Thomas Lewis, horse stealing; David Simple, larceny as a bailee. The following are the civil causes :—W. B. Murphy v. fi Feeley, dishonoured promissory note £50 (appeal) ; Vf. B*. ifurphy v. Henry Conquest, amount due on account stated £-10 }2s. ; the Mitchell Co-operative' Company v. John- Muiiro, go'ods sold £57 18s. 6d. ; John Wilson v. William Carroll, £140 ; George Bradhauer v. Henry Heans, dishonoured promissory note and goods sold £17 11s. ; William Sheehan v. M'Phellamy and Mac Lauchlan, breach of contract £39 lis. 41; John Moylan v. Joseph Reed, breach of contract £200 ; JarneS Green v W. Burton, £2 2s.- 6d.} D. Raynor v% M. Blair, £81 l'6s.- 6d.-; P, Walsh v.- W. B. Murphy, nfoney due £45 : A. F. Surlick v.- W. B. Murphy,- money due £200 ; Elizabeth Edwards v. George Bradley, slander £200 ; James Gre'eli v. AT Tooth;- goods soldf £3 7s.; James Gre'e'n v. J. J. Grobbell, dishonoured protrtissory note' £39 lis; F. Smith v. D'. Salmond, Treasurer of the Roma Hospital, mtedical fees £35 l4s } Baissett arid Skinner v. William" Burton; goods1 "sold £17 I5s. 10d.; Bassett and Skinner v.- William' Sheelxaai, goods sold £30 2s. 5<L; Bassett and Skinner v. Michael M'Carthy, goods sold £25 5s. 11<1-; Jam'es Green v. John Page, goods sold £2 5s.; James Green v. J.- Carmichael, goods sold £1 4s.-; Bassett and Skinner v. Henry Daffy, goods sold £35 1-s. 9d Ttic Rev. Petee Came'bell—Tliis " Australian. Voluntary Bush and Gold-fields Missionary " (who is a Protestant, but not connected with, nor sent nor supported by any sect or society) is now in the immediate? neighbourhood of Roma, preaching and lecturing at the various stations. He visits and preaches in gaols and hospitals, circulates tracts and hymti leaflets, and' dispenses medicines (in cases df sinfple' illness} gratuitously. D'liriitg the' last six years he' has travelled, we understand, abdnf' i3,6(K) utiles' in" Schitb Australia, New South Wales, Tasmania, -and -Queensland, besides 26,000 utiles tor and froin Great Britain; The' missionary is a' warrri friend of the .temperance cause, and has obtained about 500 signature to the total abstinence causei lie will heart week lecture and preach in Roma. Our Dalby cOTrifegprnident erro necfasly spoke of this preacher iii his' last letter' as the* Rev. P. Fletcher. , A Vitalizing KlihS.—Nervous, weakly perstftis fre^ueiitly dose themselves for imaginary diseases, when all they require is wholesome invigoration. Thdllsands have recovered robust health, by substi "tijting for unwholesome drugs a pure and agreeable" Vitalizing Elixir which solaees the nerv6s, over comes digestive and other functional weakness or disorders, and is prescribed by four thousand intel ligent physicians; We allude to Udowho WoiiFE'S ScHTEDARi ABO'liArfC SCHKAi'PS. A Dutch Spib.it.—:A Duch widower out West, wliose better' half departed on the long journey to the spirit land some twelve months ago, de termined the cfther day to consult the rappers and endeavour to obtain a spiritual communica tion, feeliiig anxious respecting the future state of his wife'; Aftetf the usual ceremonies, the spirit of " Mrs: Hauntz" manifested by raps its willingness to converse with her disconsolate spouse. " Ish datyoii, Sirs. HaUntz J" inquired the Dutchman. " Yes, dearest, it is your own wife, who, " "You lie; you tevil of a ghost," interrupted Hauntz, starting from his seat; " my vrdw speak ildtting but Dutch, and she ilever say ' tedrest' in her life'i It was ' Hauntz^ you tief,' or ' Hauntz,- you dirty schkamp.'" And the Dutchman hobbled from the room well satisfied that the " rapping spirits" were all a humbug, and that he was safe from any further communication with his shrewish vrow on this earth. i 