OLGA OF VASSEILVITCd. , Mine is a strange; wild story — improb able I grant, yet is not truth often more improbable than fiotion? is not fact con tinually proved to be wilder than the wildest fancy dares portray? I, Karl Von Heui'pfeldfc, was ever a mor bid, dreamy, speculative' youth, separating myself from my fellows -to pursue in soli tude my researches into' the mysteries" Wiiiuu/ wtt uttii me ttuu ueiiijii— uut eveu scrupling to' practice - forbidden : arts, if thereby I might" attain unto- some revela tion of 'the dim inexplicable " beyond " which held for me so strong a fascination. It was in the beginning of my twenty- third year that, reaching the south-western comer of Russia, I tarried for awhile with out apparent reason — drawn thither (so I said afterwards) by inscrutable fate, or rather fortune, to wait the event of my life. Perched on the rocky coast of the Baltic, was then the small seaport- of Vasseilvitch, a quaint meditnval town, whose kremlin boldly faced the sea aud seemed a part of the rugged, stern coast it protected. Crowding close witLin the walls of the fortress lay the little town. All unchanged stood houses which long vanished genera tions had inhabited, and it' their spirits yet lingered in the dusky corners their presence did not disturb the living denizens. Superstitious, pious, contented, the gentle Russian accepts life placidly, be it never so hard, believing implicitly that through the help of his friendly saints and the aid of his priest he shall in due time enjoy his paradise above. It was a bright day in midsummer (for even in that laud of snow they have their summers) when I arrived at the little town, but I recognised at ouce the presence of au all-prevading gloom. The sun shone unheeded, the people walked silently through the streets, and if by chance friends met they spoke in low and saddened tones. The very children played 'quietly, and cold-hearted indeed would have been t the maiden whose eye3 remained undimmed with tears as she passed- the house over which the shadow -of death lurked in solomn silence. I soon gathered from the talk around me that this same town, now so sad and hushed, had been but yesterday crowded with gay young folks happy in the "antici pation of a grand military ball. Then the air bad been filled with merry voices, as the young men and. maidens hurried through the narrow, crooked streets, im patient for the pleasures of the evening, for dancing, to the true Russian, is a satis- , tying and never-ending delight. Scarce had the long shadows faded into twilight gloom ere the sound of music from the ball-room announced that the festivity had begun, and there from far and near hastened tbe guests, the droscbki'es driving with mad speed, yet even too slowly for their impatient occupants. All through' the hours of that summer night, ' the sound of the ' music never ceased, nor did the feet of the dancers grow weary. . ' " When at last the ball was over, and the revellers turned reluctantly homeward, every tongue was loud in praise of the beautiful Olga — she had been chosen queen of the ball and crowned with a wreath ot" white roses, as was the custom of the town. Wherever she moved a throng of brilliant officers clustered, until, loth "to part, the more enthusiastic of the young men escorted her home aud left her smiling and happy in her triumph. In the morning the belle of . last night's ball had beeh found in heroom,; her head crowned "with its wreath 'of flowers," her muslin dress falling in soft folds arouud her, her little hands clasped together; there; just as she had come from the ball she sat, lovely, smiling, and dead. The mother would not believe the cruel truth, the prayers of priests were sought, the value of sacred relics vainly tried, the favour of. the Blessed Tirgin invoked with tears and presents ; then, all else failing, physicians were brought that . they might try. by their .vaunted skill, to restore life to the beautiful, dead form. ' All this and more was recounted to me soon after my arrival, aud so powerfully was my imaginatiou excited by the tragedy that I found it- impossible to think of any thing else. Suddenly I was seized with a mad impulse — what if I' could carry off the body of the dead girTand experiment upon it — and the thought once entertained, speedily became a devouring desire, which silenced reason had led me altogether cap tive. I shut my eyes determinedly to the dangers and difficulties in my way, indeed, they but added zest to my mad project, and set myself to plan the ways and means of this robbery of the dead with all the en thusiasm of my nature. Restlessly I paced the narrow streets, but found myself ever returning to the' house I would fain have entered, the house where Olga slept her dreamy sleep. It was an old, austere-looking' building. From each 'of its five stories iron cross bars spread themselves out iuto clusters sup porting the house, and thus at once serving for use as well as ornament. It was overtopped by an old-fashioned, denticulated gable, a bas relief of a syren was set in the; wall, and though defaced by time I could fancy that the stony eyes were fixed sternly and disapprovingly on me, aud this glance impressed me with a vague fear, .seen in the declining . daylight. -u Still I lingered as in a dream, gazing at these walls that told no secrets, half tempted. to try and force open the massive door ; but on either side was a recessed pedi ment where chubby cheeked 'but fierce Caryatides kept watch and forbade my entrance. Overhead the crows and' ravens flew swiftly, flapping their wings and screaming discordantly as they sought their nests for the night, and to my distorted fancy these uncouth birds seemed to be chanting a re quiem for the dead. The day was now over, and as I turned to walk? away in the deepening shadows the lamps before" the holy pictures and shrines were beginning to glimmer more brightly, and the sacred figures, half "resembling heathen idols, looked out at me as if they possessed a dread phantom life. Before the curtain had been drawn for the night, I had obtained a glimpse of the room. This, with my knowledge of Rus sian "customs, enabled me to picture to myself the scene indoors. The torches I knew were already lighted around the bier, revealing the beautiful Olga .arrayed iu a pink shroud, with her hands. crossed meekly on her breast and a garland- of fresh flowers on her head. : The priest chants the psalms for the . dead, and scatters perfumes over the body, while watching maidens cross themselves and pray for the repose of the departed soul. ; ,The light of these burial .torches barely, reaches to the distant corners of the lofty room,' and but faintly illumes the old dingy tapestry and the portraits, ancestral and historic, that adorn the walls. Men of fierce aspect with perukes aud steel cuirasses starred with golden, nails and traversed with the broad ribbon of some knightly order — high ladies in costumes of different reigns display their faded: charms and graces long gone by. . One lovely young countess had retained lips of brilliant carmine and blue eyes of ; unaltered azure, aud she looked out from the depths of her tarnished frame upon the form -of the kinswoman, and seemed to smile her a welcome to the world of the dead. I could fancy all this painted com pany, watching with earnest, fixed gaze, the mourners, the priests, the lights and the corpse, wearing a sad smile, as if they would say, " Tou too shall be forgotteu." Three days of mourning pass — as the torches burn low fresh ones are brought — ever sounds the voice of the priest chant ing psalms and prayers for the rest of the soul, while the murmur of the mourners keeps low and sorrowful accord. Determined to carry out my plan, I waited with what patience I could com mand, until oil the burial day I mingled with the throng of mourners and entered the house, and then for the first time I gazed upon the dead girl. Long and earnestly I scrutinised tbe lovely face, so exquisitely beautiful even in death that a feeling of pity came over me, aud the impulse which had possessed me thus far seemed monstrous. I struggled with my conflicting emotions ; awe, tenderness, curiosity, filled my breast by turns, until my agitation became almost uncontrollable, and I felt that- 1 was drawing atteut-ion to myself which was by all means to be avoided. Yet I could not leave the spot-; the more I hated my former project, the more I seemed drawn to the side of this angelic creature whose loveliness, already doomed, held me with a spell which no living woman had yet- exercised upon me. Exactly what- I pro posed I knew not, but I followed the funeral processim as it wound its way through the streets towards the old cathedral. The cathedral was shrouded in a myste- rious darkness. The pictured saints stood dim against their gold backgrounds, and the holy tapers flickered with a fitful yellow light upon the altar, The priest, a venerable, long-haired, long" bearded old man, mitred like a magician, clad in a dalmatic, stiff with gold embroid ery, and supported by two acolytes, came out of the sanctuary and recited the sacred formulas in a voice senile but perfectly distinct. After he had chanted a psalm the ceremony was ended, and the procession : moved toward the sepulchre in the outer garden. During these moments I had formed my plans, and while everyone was kneeling for the concluding prayers I stole from the: church, and crept silently down the little yard. Long cloisters stretched on either; side, their arches embrowned by the smoke; and. rust of centuries — uninhabited now; by monk or nun, a home only for the: mourning wind or the solitary bird. Unmindful of the desolation, as of the by-gone gx-andeur, overmastered by tempta tion, I entered the open sepulchre, and standing close in one corner was lost in the gloom. Here I remained until the loner.- slow tolling of the bell roused me to a full consciousness of my position. As the de.-p vibrations smote the dread silence around me, I knew that the ceremony was over, the mourners departed, and I alone with the dead! The spell of the tomb was upon me. I moved softly; as if these dull ears could bear, or "these closed eyes could see me. With trembling, uncertain fingers I raised; the coffin lid, longing to gaze once more; upon the face that had so enchained my, fancy. So beautiful she was that my heart smote me afresh, and I could almost fancy that from every side the voices of her dead kinsmen were threatening me, the- profane disturber of tbis last sleep, with suddeu vengeance. Surely it was little wonder if my sojourn in that abode of death and decay, coupled with the reproaches of my conscience, should have tended to unsettle my reason, or to light rash impulse into madness.. As the stillness of midnight crept 'over the town the far-away murmur of the sea made itself audible to my excited senses. The moaning lullaby quickened my pulses — a desperate courage nerved me to my task. With the superhuman strength of a mad man, as I was, I shook violently the iron gates. Rusty and worn by time the bolts yielded, aud slowly the door of the tomb opened. I looked out into the dim, deserted gar den — no signs of life or movement were descernible. Back into the dark, cold, musty vault I went, to return with the maiden in my arms. Carefully I wrapped my cloak about the tender form, softly I pillowed the fair cheek ou my shoulder, then with many a backward, startled glance, half-expectant of ghostly followers, I fld toward the wide, sounding sea. The cool, night air fanned my brow, the stars hid themselves from me, as with this strange, cold burden strained close to my heart I fled on, and still on. At last the cliffs were in sight. Exhausted, I sank down, still grasping my treasure, yet powerless for some moments to proceed further. The waves dashed against the rocks, and the white foam leaped up in huge fantastic forms like legions of ghosts ; the late moon crept slowly up the heavens, leaving a lurid trail on the water and lighting the mad waves with a great glory, last of all, shining on the white face of the beautiful dead Olga. All glorious, terrible and unreal was the scene ; I felt myself ou the boundaries of the spirit world ; the foaming waves seemed like friendly shapes beckoning me with outstretched arms, and in a new transport I bent and kissed the upturned, moonlit face, then sprang fearlessly into the sea. .. There my recollections fail me— I have a confused impressioa of struggle and grow ing. weak uess — of anguish of body aud mind as the fierce waters closed around me, surged over me, engulfed mc — then came a shout, another,. lights, strong grasp- ings, and ail else is blank. . When at last I groped my way back to conscious life, it was hard to separate the real from the shadowy, the actual from my dreams, aud I was fain to ask help of the sailors who surrounded me. . The story, stripped of its details, was brief enough. Almost in the moment of my mad leap into the sea, a ship was sail ing in the moon's path of light, and to her crew :I owed my rescue from cue death I had dared. .. Close clasped I had held my companion, so closely that it had been difficult to loosen my grasp. At first the ship's surgeon had pronounced us both dead, but after hours of patient ministering the breath of life had been wen back to both. Here I started, roused into sudden strength aud recollection by that last word. "Both!" I gasped, "both!" and then dared say no more. The man repeated it. "Tes, both you and the lady, sir, aud she is as beautiful as an angel, though she don't seem to be altogether right in her head yet. But- maybe when she sees you again, she'll do better." Faint, speechless, I listened. Was Olga not dead? Were the events of that terrible night a delusion ? But then — how was it that she was found iu my arms. The sailor waited as if giving' me time. At last I whispered, trembling, " Take me to her!" and he guided my faltering steps, for I was yet very weak, to a corner on the deck, where, supported with shawls and cushions, I saw the dead and buried Olga, olive/ Yet, was this indeed life, this shadowed, sileut, mute existence,, wherein the great, sad eyes gazed forever into the distance, as if seeing unutterable tilings, and 'where no faintest smile ever -crossed the pale, pure lips? I sank down beside her. I took her chill, lifeless hand in . mine, I pouved out all my soul . iu loving words, . but to no purpose- She did not look at me. She did not listen. She only gazed on, and .made no answer, gave no sig-n. .. ( Thenceforth every care and thought was given to Olga. Her restoration beoame my one hope, and I struggled hourly, yet all iu vain, to break the strange, dumb spell which so chained her soul. I had soon learned that we were indebted to a pirate for our rescue, aud as time went by, oue day the captaiu threw open some trunks full of rich weariug apparel, aud bade me take what I chose for Olga's needs, calling her my sister, as indeed t-hey had named her from the first. With many thanks, I dragged out costly aruifuls of robes aud laid them down before my love, but she, turuiug away iistlessly from gleam- iug silks aud shimmering laces, chose only a nun's dress of grey serge, and would wear no other. But she was surpassingly beautiful in this garb. Her goideu hair flowed iu softest ripples over her shoulders, her lovely eyes were inexpressibly beseeching, when at rare intervals she could be won to look, away at the distant horizon, and it was scarcely strange |that the superstitious sailors looked upon her as an angel visitant. Meanwhile our ship was sailing south ward, bound to an obscure port for repairs and supplies, so 1, unwilling to land amid strangers, fearing the effect of new scenes on my poor Olga, determined to remain on board until the captain could take us back to Vasseilvitch. Thus it happened that the months flew by, and still he sailed onwards. What need to say more of the voyage. Suffice it that we neared our haven, and early one morning were cautiously sent ashore, the captain promising not to sail until be knew the result. , - At last we neared, the house I remem bered so well,. The stony -eyed syren had no look of welcome for us; the fierce Caryatides still kept watch at the door, as Olga mounted the steps and with trembling hand raised the heavy knocker, while I- stood near breathlessly waiting the result. The summons brought a strange servant. He gazed at her in stupefied silence, but unmindful of him she attempted to pass into the house. By this time the -man was thoroughly alarmed by this weird apparition, and called for help. Forth came the master, out, alas! he too was a stranger, and sharing at once in his servant's terror, he made a motion as if to thrust Olga from the door. Alarmed for her safety, I was about to draw her away, when she turned aud fled swittly down the street. Followingclosely on her footsteps, I soon found myself witnin the shadows of the old \- cathedial. Startled and puzzled, I watched her movements as through the deserted convent garden she sought the family tomb. What strange intuition was leading her, I knew not. Could it have been that in that home of death she had been partly conscious? Was she even now blindly searching for that ottier half-remembered self ? Still I watched, and noted that as her eyes fell on her own. name a shudder passed over her, but just below wa3 the freshly graven name of her mother. At sight of this she wept. Then for the first she looked toward me. In a moment I was by her side. I took her hands and held them in a strong, but tender grasp, while I told her the strange story of her death and return to life, and of how I had loved her through all and waited and longed for this moment. Her hood had fallen from her head, releasing the waving masses of her golden bair, and a< she listened to my passionate words, a flush mantled her cheeks, render ing her so lovely that I could no longer resist the temptation toclaspher inmy arms and kiss her. She yielded to my entreaties to leave the home that knew her no more and go with me, and so, hand in hand, we once more wended our way toward the sea. 