CHAPTER VII. MOTHER AND DAUGHTER. Acting - Deputy - Assistant - Commissary General Ray occupied apartments in barracks, which were not more numerous, and much less magnificent than his titles. They were shabbily furnished, and the furniture, even in its best days, had not been good. The look-out of the principal rooms was upon the dusty barrack-square ; and the quiet of home life was apt to be disturbed by the sudden roll of drums, the unexpected squeak of fifes, and, occasionally, by the quarrels of the soldiers at the canteen. The seamy side of military life was, in short, always presented to the inmates of this establishment ; they lived, as it were, inside the Punch show. Fortunately—since their quarters were so limited—the family was small ; consisting only of the commissary, his wife—a confirmed invalid, whom creeping paralysis at present permitted to move herself about in a patent wheel-chair, but to whom even that limited freedom of movement was soon to be denied —and their daughter, Grace, whose acquain- tance we have already made. The trio exhibited a marked contrast to one another. The head of the house was a tall, muscular Scotchman, of about 60 years of age, who bore his years, not, indeed, "lightly, like a flower"—but with that com- parative convenience which comes of a strong digestion, and absence of fine feelings. He had been a good deal knocked about in his time, but he was harder than the thing, or people, that had hit him ; he boasted, indeed, of being as "hard as nails," imagining that to be in a man a moral excellence which in the rhinoceros he would have only admitted to be an accident of birth. He had at no time of his life been young ; that is, he had neither felt himself to be so, nor looked like it ; and hence he reaped the great advantage of not per- ceiving any particular change in himself, nor having it observed by others, now he was old. Everybody who saw him now, and had known him in past days, remarked that Sandy Ray looked much the same. In the cold of Canada he had not shivered, in the heat of the West Indies he had not perspired, but had defied all climates and weathers. He had never given way to a folly nor a weakness ; never experi- enced the temptation of an impulse of any sort ; and hence, upon a very small stock of intelligence, had acquired the reputation of a long-headed fellow. He was also reputed to be wealthy, notwithstanding—or, perhaps, in consequence of—the poverty of his domes- tic ménage. He had held various semi-mili- tary appointments all over the world ; and though the "pickings" contingent to such positions are not large, there are pickings, and Sandy Ray was supposed to have swept them all up into a very close-meshed net. His Christian name was Alexander, but no one had ever abbreviated that ; he was not a man to have his name shortened through affection or familiarity ; he was called Sandy from the tint of his hair, whereon the red bristles still contended with the grey for every inch of pate. His features were large and inexpressive, except of hardness ; his grey eyes cold and slow of movement ; his teeth white and strong as a wolf's. He spoke with elaborate caution, which was never so marked as when in conversation with his fidus Achates, Colonel Juxon ; whose words flowed like a torrent set with crags and rocks, and creamed with imprecations in place of foam. What bond of union existed between these two men, in most respects so different, it was hard to tell. They had both of them "frugal minds," and it was by some suggested they had private investments in common ; others, however, of a livelier fancy, did not hesitate to express their conviction that "Swearing Juxon" and "Sandy Ray," who, it was noto- rious, had known one another years ago in outlandish quarters, shared the knowledge of some secret crime between them, which had probably filled both their pockets. What was a much greater mystery than how the commissary had secured the colonel's friendship was how he had won his wife. She must have been, when he married her, a beautiful girl ; indeed, the remnants of great beauty still lingered about her feeble and shattered frame, and "what she could ever have seen in her husband" was the inquiry every woman put to herself when she saw the pair together. That Mrs. Ray had not married Sandy for his beauty was certain, from the evidence of his contemporaries ; nor was it for his mental or moral attrac- tions—because he had none ; nor was it for money, since whatever private store he might now possess he had certainly not acquired in those days. It remained, therefore, since all reasonable causes were thus eliminated, that she had married him for love, which was the most extraordinary explanation of all. It is my private belief that the unhappy lady, being of a nervous and submissive nature, had been positively frightened into wedding him—by which means, perhaps, more marriages are to be accounted for than is generally supposed. However, she was married to him, and was being only slowly relieved from that position by the disease which I have mentioned. Her husband was not specially unkind to her, but of gentleness he had not a grain in his composition ; and the lack of it—though the doctors did not say so—had helped to bring her to her pre- sent pass. He had, it is probable, been proud of her in his way at one time ; had doubtless smiled grimly when it had come to his ears that people said, "What could she have seen in him ?" But now he was only proud of the chair in which she sat. It had cost him, being a patent article, a considerable figure ; and when folks said (for there are folks who will say anything) that his wife's affliction must be a great trial to him, he would reply, "And not only a trial, but, let me tell you, a matter of very considerable expense." Then he would point out the advantages, of the chair, with her in it ; indeed, she was made to put it through its paces as it were, moving it hither and thither with a touch of her thin hand ; and if a compliment was not paid him—though he professed to despise compliments—upon the consideration for her comfort that had caused him to invest in so expensive an article, he was more bearish than usual for the rest of the day. What thoughts passed through poor Mrs. Ray's mind as she sat, dying so slowly in that delicate and costly piece of furniture, are too sad for me to imagine. She was not what is called "a great thinker," so let us hope things were better with her than they would have been with some who are ; but sometimes in that worn and weary face could be read terrible things ; across those still tender eyes flitted, I fear, the ghosts of youth and health, the piteous remembrance of long vanished joys. She had no very earnest religious feelings, and was therefore with- out that hope which sustains so many unfor- tunates in this inexplicable world : of life, the poor soul had had enough ; the best that she looked forward to was eternal rest. Yet no word of complaint escaped her. How strange it is that the fate of martyrs, who do not happen to be saints, should attract so little pity ! Gracie, indeed, was sorry for her mother ; but with that exception, no one seemed to consider her case a hard one. Perhaps, if she had mentioned how hard she felt it, people might have agreed with her, but as it was, they saw her pale face lit with its sad smile, and expressed their approval of her resignation. She had not much liking for books, but was never idle, working with her needle a little for herself, and a great deal for Gracie. Perhaps the most pressing sorrow she had was the reflection that there would soon come a time when she should still be alive, and yet unable to work ; when the palsy that at present had only reached her lower limbs should attack her diligent fingers. Then, indeed, it would be melan- choly to sit at that barrack window with folded hands, awaiting death's tardy stroke. The cares of managing the little household upon the scanty sum that her husband allowed for its maintenance, were, it is true, delegated to Gracie, but she shared the re- sponsibility with her, and took all the blame —and there was often blame—upon her own shoulders. The commissary, who grudged every shilling, however necessarily spent, preferred to find fault with his wife instead of his daughter, because it made the latter cry. Not that he would have been rendered the least uncomfortable by any amount of woman's tears, but because the crying made Gracie's eyes red, and deteriorated from her personal appearance ; and her beauty was precious to him, as likely to prove a marketable com- modity. Thus the girl escaped a good many jobations, which she did not, indeed, deserve any more than her mother, but which she would have gladly borne in her mother's place. The invalid, on the contrary, was well satisfied that any consideration, no matter what, should preserve her beloved daughter from the commissary's ire. Imagine, therefore, her distress of mind when Gracie made her appearance out of the fly upon that day of the battle of Charlton Fair, with draggled raiment and torn bonnet. In this case Mrs. Ray felt that the dear child mnst bear her own burden of reproach and fault-finding. And heavy enough she knew it would be ; for Gracie had worn her best attire upon the occasion of that unlucky walk with Ella Mayne, and it would take many shillings to repair its damages. "My dear child," cried she, as soon as she had assured herself that she had received no personal hurt, "what will you father say ? It was only last week that he paid three pounds on account to Miss Furbelow." Her head shook from side to side with nervous agitation, she flapped her poor thin fingers as though she had been a penguin ; it was terrible to see such affliction, about so insignificant a matter, in one so stricken. "But, dear mamma, papa will understand that it could not be helped. If it had not been for Mr.—that is, for two young gentle- men from the college—matters might have been much worse." Mrs. Ray gave a little sigh. She had applied that argument—or had had it applied for her —of comparative degrees of evil, much too often to derive comfort from it. Another philosophic remark that "when things are at their worst they must needs mend," was also inefficacious in her case. Perhaps it was because her powers of perception were dull. "Change your dress as soon as you can, Gracie, dear, and then tell me all about it. If your papa comes in, and sees you in such a state, oh dear ! oh dear ! oh dear !" and again she wrung her hands. There was a similitude in the poor lady's speech and action to those of Mr. Punch, when in dread expec- tation of the policeman, but "the pity of it" prevented the smile that they would have otherwise provoked. Her policeman was a reality, and, she, alas ! had no stick where- with to knock him over the head, to the enjoyment of all beholders. When Gracie, however, presently reap- peared in a dress, less splendid, indeed, than that which had met such mischance, but very neat and becoming, it was plain that there was some happiness for the invalid yet. Her daughter looked so blooming that she per- suaded herself "dear Alexander" would not have the heart to scorn her, and having said that flattering unction to her soul, she was at liberty to take pride and pleasure in the girl's beauty. In telling her story, Gracie had this difficulty ; she had to be careful not to alarm her mother by the account of her own peril, and at the same time not to underrate the services of Mr. Darall, who seemed to her a Paladin. Mrs. Ray listened to his exploits with the atten- tion that the crippled always pay to the re- cital of any physical conflict. "He must be a very brave and kindhearted young man, that Mr. Darall," said she, when it was con- cluded ; "and his friend also." "Yes, mamma, he was most kind. It was not his fault that he didn't see us home, as the other did ; but it appears that he runs great risk of getting into trouble for having been at the fair at all." "But does not his friend run the same risk ?" "Well, no ; or, at least, if he did it does not signify, because he is very rich ; if he was sent away from the Academy to-morrow it would make no difference to his prospects, it seems, while poor Mr. Darall is—poor." Mrs. Ray sighed again : perhaps she had permitted herself to entertain the "low be- ginnings" of a romance for Gracie, and now they were ruthlessly trodden down. Gracie understood the sigh quite well ; there was no concealment in that household as regarded such matters. She had been told a dozen times by her father that her future prospects in life were in her own hands ; that is, that they lay in her making a good marriage ; and they had been discussed without reserve. She was no flirt, nor even what is called "forward," either in ideas or behaviour ; yet, perhaps, no man had ever paid her any marked attention without her having re- flected to herself, "Perhaps this person will be my husband." It was not her fault that it was so ; extreme delicacy of mind was as impossible to one in her circumstances as modesty is to the offspring of some agricul- tural labourer who has but one room for the accommodation of his grown-up family. What was possible to her of good the girl had acquired or retained ; she possessed all its solidities, if circumstances had denied to her those graces which embellish goodness. A dissenting chapel may not have the external attractions of a cathedral, simply from want of funds, and yet be equally sacred. Up to that time, for example, Gracie had regarded the marriage ques- tion from a point of view that was, for one of her years and sex, somewhat calcu- lating and matter-of-fact. It was, unhappily, no longer possible for her to do so, now that she had seen Hugh Darall. For the future something would have to be given up as well as acquired ; and that some- thing, for the present, seemed immeasur- ably precious, not willingly to be bartered for much gold. "What was he like—this Mr. Darall— Gracie ?" continued the invalid, with gentle sadness, but with a touch of curiosity, too. Even when a pretty thing is not to be got, one likes to hear all about it. "Oh, so handsome, dear mamma, and so kind, and I am sure so good !" Mrs. Ray's pale lips twitched with a pain- ful smile—an accident of her infirmity, perhaps ; or was she thinking of some far back time, when she had given someone credit for being "good" upon too short an acquaintance. "That does not give one a very distinct idea of him, Gracie. Is he dark or fair ?" "Oh, fair, mamma. He has blue eyes." "Like Captain Walters' ?" inquired the old lady, with affected indifference. "Oh, not at all like Captain Walters,' " answered the girl, in a tone of indignation. "They are beautiful eyes, very frank, and—" "Tender," suggested the invalid, smiling. " Yes, that is the word—tender," answered the girl, simply. "I don't think Mr. Darall would hurt a fly ; and yet, when one saw him waiting to meet those wicked men, they looked hard and shining, like drawn swords." "Do you mean the men did ?" "No, no; his eyes. There were a hundred of them—I mean of the men, of course—and yet he was not one bit afraid ; nor would he have been, it is my belief, if they had been a thousand." "I should like to have seen Mr. Darall, if it were but to thank him for what he did for you, Gracie," said her mother, after a pause ; "but I suppose I never shall. They say all is for the best, and perhaps that is. I don't think your papa would like it, you see, since nothing can possibly come of it, after all. Don't cry, Gracie ; don't cry, my darling !" and, with a dexterous movement of her chair, she brought it close to where Gracie sat at the window. The mother and child embraced without a word. Speech was unnecessary ; each knew what the other would have said, and the hopelessness of saying it. "See, there is Colonel Juxon coming across the square to have a chat with your father," said Mrs. Ray, presently, in her cheerfullest tone. "I wonder what brings him so much earlier than usual !" "He is come to talk about Mr. Landon and Ella, said Gracie, simply. "Oh, dear, dear! I hope he won't say any- thing about her torn gown and things, and so set your papa thinking about yours, and wanting to see them, perhaps !" "It is not likely that Colonel Juxon will mention Ella's gown, mamma ; it is not as if it was her only one, you know." "That's true, my dear ; I had forgotten. She has only to take another gown out of her wardrobe ; and if this Mr. Landon pleases her, and is agreeable, she can take him as easily. Life must be a fine thing to those that are rich—and can enjoy it," added the invalid, in lower tones. "Dear Ella deserves all she has, mamma," said Gracie, gravely, as if in apology for her friend's prosperity. "She is not spoilt by her riches, but is generous and gracious too." "I don't deny it, darling," answered her mother, with a little sigh that had nothing of selfishness in it. She thought, maybe, if these things came by deserving, that her Gracie might have had her share of them also. 