ARCHBISHOP OF SYDNEY'S SERMON ON COMMUNION. On Sunday evening the laofi of tho promised aeries of sormona wan delivered by iiio Grace tho Archbishop 01 Sydney. Afc half-peat; G o'clock fcho body of the Church, won densely crowded, the dooro wero boaeigacl by people unable to gain odcttififcanco, and when Join Graeo ascended fche dais uho sanctuary was also filled with persona eager to hear him. Acaongsb 'ihosa present Vjq noticed the Very Rov. tho Vionr General (Dean Sheridan), a largo number []o£ tho clergy, and, many prominent Profceatant cioizeniJ. Hia Grace rsald: Last Sunday nigh'o wo occu pied ourcolvQD in considering tho SaciTitaanJi of Pennncs 3 and we nob only refreshed ouv raindo regarding tho overwhelming proofs afforded by Scripture, Tradition, and Reason an to its ;:enlity3 but wo did more thaa.thic : wo firmly resolved by God's holp fro inafce. a thoroughly good confeacloDp and to plrsoe onraolven straight with our Redaoraer. Nor woco on?; conoidorao tions confined exclusively to those who had neglected the holy ordinance. Thero is no on9 bowover virtuous who cannot Mvq a etill batter and afcriofcor life, no ono who approaches the Holy Sacrament of Ponanoo who ooanot cocas to it with still better dispoaitiono ; and hence fchore hr.s boon room for onch and all to make n fre?h start, and begin a now lifo in the service of our Master. And If it were necessary to urge motives for doing this, thora ia ono go strong in itself as to require no other to support St. The light cnab fjy uho SseraEaenfc of Gho Altar aposs the Sacrament of Penanco in a vary important one. One Sacrament indesd ia n light to fcho other ; and in the oompariaon of the Swo, thonghta aro elicited which shonld. tend towards making us prepare ouraolves all tb.e more oaro f ally fot' each as we approach ifc. JDobu it not stand to reason, that one who is about to be introduced into the pronaaco of hie King, and who wished to obtain some favour from him, would make himself v,a acoeptablo an ho could 2 And if the King had had reaaoa to bo offended, wonld he nofc boforo. eafcoring hio preaonoo endeavour to obtain pavdon, and show some genuine signs of sorrow P And . what ia Com munion font the approach of the creature to the Creator ; the moat intimate nnlon of n sinful worm with infinite purity ; the living and dwelling of God of Heaven in the foroantof man ? Awml indeed m itaolt js Baa vory thonght of ' ouch a contact. Who would not sweep hio Bpirifcj and search his Jeruaalena with lamps before venturing to approach, nay more than thio. to eat the fleah nnd drink the blood of Jeouo Christ? What a thought loaded %7ith horror., for n man to approach the table of the Lord begrimed inoide and ont with cits, with a poisoned heart and a diseaaed imagiaatioa, with a soul Boakod_in crimG —in the multiform wioked neoa of a life0 — what a thought of horror thut snch an one should periodically approach tho Holy Table, and eat and drink of uho Fieoh and Blood o£ Sod, and only ba urged to confess his crimes when ho comeo to die ! With uo thin cannot be. The very thought o? going to Communion brings with it, as every substance brings its oh&dow;, the thought ongoing to confes sion. Wo »re eonaciouo of whnb we are about to do when we rooeive the Holy Eucharist, We would prefer to die q thonoand deaths rather than rooeJve xU whilat the slave of ono single grievous am. We know we should ?eceive our own damnation; that our Lord would come to us indeed, but conae to strike our coulo dead with Eio fierce wrath. We are conotrained by our very position, then5 to confess v/oll ; and we boar about with uD°contiDU&lly; the thought o£ tho union of our Goula with our Saviour in tho Blecsed Sacrament-, whfch ic, as it wero, one of the great endo we look forward fco in making our confession. Lst 113 tbio ovening0 then, turn our thoughts to this the groatcst of God'o gifts, for in bostowing thio upon ua He given Himself to' ug. Let us do all in our powor to realize three Sbingo, whioh aholl xorin the throe points 01 this inotruotion, naraely5 tho reality of our Lord'a presence in the Snor&caent; of the Altar ; what oar duties are towards Hica, ao He chvello there especially foi* our nnkes ; and, finally, what He, ? in His unapeakoble condenconcionj vouchsafed fco do for ud. With regard to the two last jiointo, wo shall dwell upon thorn with ooinpara tivo bravity; regarding the firofc, we shall meditate soraowhat moro at longth ; for if we can succeed ia suirrln™ up oar faith, and can iudoed renlino our Lord'a precsneo, we shall easily perceive what oiu' duties Csro to Him, and find little difficulty in conceiving what Hio dealings will do wion us. xne nrsB pome ehou \a this : Is Chrat onv Saviour really nresoat in tho Saornmosfc of tho Altar 1 Lot ua flrot o£ all interrogates the Soripturoa. It v/ill bo re' naembered that after onr Lord had ji-arforinedL tho miracle of the loavea, and had forced those who wi'noaaed it to omtaica ' this ia of a truth tho Prophet thnt is to come into the world,' Ho, knowing that they wished hy foroo to mako Him Einft, escaped from thorn, and went over the lake to Capnarnaum. They followed aftee Him, and when they oaw Him ospi'ocaed- fchoir surprise at finding Him at tho other nido o£ tho sea. Our Lord took advantage of tub and o£ tho miracle of fclie loaven poriormed an tho pre vious &zy;, to upoak at length aboub tho insbitu tioa of Hio greatest SaoranentJ— that o£ tho Holy EaohaviGfe. From tbo twouty^ixth to the oixtioth voracrj 01 tho ni::fcb. chaptai1 of Sfc._ John, aro occupied with tliiu r;iibjcotia aad our Lord'a moaning is brought, o-j.t no unmistakably, and objections uvo ropHod io so forcibly, that it would almotiG nypcau taau u.o xororjr.w sno cunio eultica that would bo rnado m future ogea ngainafc tho doctrine horo so omphabioally RGGorfcod toE Hki ilaal i?L'ononc«. Let us care fully look into and analyco this; portion of St.. j Joha'o Dfcfck ohapfcor, Of itrjoM it ia snffi. ciont to oonvinco tho most stubborn aa fco what our Stivionv really aioaut. It can conveniently bo divided into throo garlo : I into the iutroduotion, fcho argument 01? pcoposir tion, and the disoourae. From the twenty Bixth to the thirty-first verse ia taken up with the introduction ; tho fchirfcy.aoeond to thirty third io occupied with tho argument or pvoposi* tion ; and tho real; io taken up with the diooourae. Now, thia discourse cnn bo ouh»divided into two : ' the first part from vcrao thirty-five to forfcy sovon ; and the aecoad from forfcy- oigbfc to fifty-nine. All thafc precedes ia but au introduction to fcho diaconras, in wMch our Lord make3 a solonan promiao 'chat He will givo His real and substantial Mo ah to ba really and truly eaten, and His Blood to be drunk ; in o word, He promisoa the Eucharist, in whioh, according to Catholic teaohingj the B:tly and Blood of Christ are really,, truly, and substantially pren Bent, and eve received an food and drink to nourish the life of grace. Nows tho oimplo qnesfcion here io : Did Qliriot, or did Eo not, make the proxniee? Aro fcho uoi'do, ' fche bread which I will give is My Flosh, for the life of the world ; ualeoo you ouall eab tho Fieah of fcho Son of Mans and drink Hie Blood, you shall have ao life in you ; My Flesh ia meai;, indoed, and My Blood is drink, indeed ; he who eats Mes ho also uhall live by Me '—are thene declarations to be understood in a metaphorical sense, or iri their direct and literal signification ? Waa Chrlnt using a figure of Bpeech, or proclaiming a reality ? If the former, the Catholic doctrine io not proved by the sixth chaptor of St. John ; if the latter, then it is moat incontrovortibly substantiated. Aad it is abundantly evident that our^ Lord In these words 23 not apaaking in n figurative sense, that ia referring to the faith that should be placod in Him and in His death. Of auch a fai h Ha had already spoken. But by the time we come to the 47th veroe, He hoa completed that portion of His dicooui'so whioh refer a to faith. He no longer 3peaks of belief inHimself, but He promisees in etnphafcio literal words that He will give His Flooh to be eaten end His Blood to be drunk. And fchia is patent from a compauson between the two portions into whioh this dis« eourse has been divided ; from the difference between the method of expression in the first and second part 5 from the way in which the Jews understood and our Lord confirmed their view of either part ; and from what practically fol° lowed in tho light of our Lord's lovo for Dinners and of Hia ordinary way of fcoaohing them. Lee us for d moment consider the divisions into which the aubject falls. In the exordium or iniroduofclon, which osfcenda from verse fcwenty Bix to thirty-one, our Lord, aeeing that the Jews followed after Him merely to . get tho loaves, and not for a super natural motive, eshorto them to Sf labour not for the meat which perioheth, but for that which endurefch unto life everlasting, whioh the Son of Man will give you.'' It ia clear that the Jews are not aaked to orSate that meat by their own working, for the Son of Man waa to give it to them ; bub fchay were to got possession of it by doing something on their own part to earn it ; by ao acting that the Son of Man might be moved to feed them with ifc. Now our Lord's whole discourse is taken up with explaining what thafc meat is. He shows it to be the Bread of Life, and under a twofold signification : in a metaphorical signification, ac already given by the Father ; and in a real and direct one, as to be given in the future by the Son of Man, Observe, the Jews do nofc aek Ohriofe what that food was which the Son of Man was to give ; but they w.ant to know what work, for they knew it must be a spiritual one, they had to perform in order to acquire it : 5f What ahall we do that wo may work the worko of God?'' Aa if they would aay, ' What shall wa do. bo. aa to seoure that food which wo know God alone can give ?' And our Lord lcfcc them know that they would have to do n work of God if they would have that food. 'Jesua anawered and said to them, thin is the work of God, thafc you believe in Him whom He hath sent.' Then the Jewo ask Him to do a miracle for them so thoy might have reaaon to believe in Him ; and not any kind of miraclo, bufc an especial ono, such ao Moses 'performed when ho gave the people manna in tho deBerfe. No doubt the Jews remembered the miraole of the loaves of the day before, and did not forgot the fcradifcion that the Measias, , like Mesea, waa to have tho power of bringing manna out of the clouds. How doos our Lord reply to the request of a miraole like that of ? Moseo ? Ho says that He Himself is the Into bread from Heaven which given life to the world. 'Amen, amen, I say to you, Moaos gave you not bread from Heaven, but my Father pjivofch you true bread from Heaven. For the bread of God is that which cometh down from Heaven and giveth life to the world. Now this last centence contains the proposition, which our Lord esploino and mokes clear in fche whole of Hia discourse. Still, oar Saviour does not, it ia true, iu as many words declare in 1 his propooition that He Himself ia tho bread of heaven, noi° did febo Jewc undorofcand Him in that sense, and therefore they exclaimed : 11 Lord give us always this bread.' Our Lord now taken advantage of this petition to outer into the subject Efafcfcer of Hia discourse, and to esplain in distinct words who and what this bread of life is ; Ho shows it to be Himoolf, and that in a twofold sense, and the two parts iafco whioh wo have divided tho discourse aro mod© up of fcho explanation of fchgeo two nenaea respectively. Look for a moment at the firafe pavfc from verse thirty-five to £orty»aovon. It begins with a categorical proposition, 'I am the Broad of Life ;' or, to udo tho common hobrcwioiH, tho ?* Food of Lifo,' Our Lord declares Himself in what conco Ho proolnimo Hitaaol'f to be tho Bread or Food ox Lifo. Thia declaration ia contained ia tho very o::pi'orj,rj3ons themnolvea, ' which, throughout thiri lirafc part, speak o£ faith in Eue33 and Oho frnifc oi: lifo which the faithful roooivo from Him, 'Ho who comofch ftb Mo oliall egu hungor ; and. ho that boliovoth * In Me shall novcv thirot.' ' All that tho Father ? givefch to Mo Bhnl! cocao to Mo ; ond him fchofi cometh to Me I will nofc oast out. Because I coma down from Heaven, not to do My own Will, but the Will of Him thafc sent Me. Now, this is the Will of tho Father, who sent Mo : that of all that Ho hath given Me I should lose nothing ; bufc should raise iu up again in fche Iaafc day.' It ia manifest that so far our Lord presents Himsolf to His hearers aa an object of faifchj co far forth aa He comea from, and in sent by the Father, and io tbe Son of God : and He thus speakn of Himself metaphorically or flguratively as bread or food of life inasmuch as faith in Him io tho principle of Supernatural vitality. And bo it observed that the Jews found no difficulty iu understanding the expres sion ' bread'' in this sense ; nor does any nev? difficulty arise because our Lard oalls Himself ' bread ;' but a difficulty does arloo when He tolls Sheni that He came down from Heaven. They said : 'Io not this Joauo, the son of Joseph, whoso father and mother we know P Hot? then saith He : I came down from Heaven ?' Christ replies to this objection by persisting in fche precept whioh Hq had just given x'egarding faifch, aad by declaring that in order for a man to coino to Him tha Father sauafc draw him, insisting, in other words, on what He said at the beginning, viz. : ' Thia is fche woirk of God : thafc you be lieve in Him whom He hath sent.' He then concludes this part of His discourse, Bum ming up all He has so far said in those prognant words: 'Amen, amen, I say unto you : ho that believetk in Mo hath everlasting life.' Now remark: here our Divine Redeemer evidently finishes specking about faith ; and clearly begins to treat on quite another subject. This other subject ia contained in fcho second part of the disooursa, which ranges from versa forty- eight to fifty-nine, and begins with the oamo proposition an fche first, 'I am tho broad of lifo,' or food of life. But here v?hen Christ sp9aks of how He is the bread of life, He does nofc onoa refer to faith, but to something totally different from faith ; He refers exclusively to the eating of thia bread, and to the fruit oonae quent on such eafcing. 'Your fathers did eat manna in the desert ? This is the bread which oometh down from Heaven : that if any man cat of ifc he may nofc die. I am tha living bread. . . If any man eat of fchiG bread he shall live for ever.' And He then goes on to explain very carefully that this broad whioh is to ba eaten is nofc Himself there and then, but His flesh which in a future time He was going to give for food. 'And the bread which I will give in My flesh for the life of fche world.' In fche first part our Lord only onoe, in fche first proposition, and that for the oake of the nexus, sp.eaks of Himself as the Broad of Life ; and He never once uses the word to 'eat,' bufc ao wo have seen, ' to come to Him ; to believe in Him' ; whilst in ths second part Ho speaks of Himself as ' broad from Heaven,' ' living broad,' 6-fchis bread,' and no other explanation is aiven except that this broad ia to be eafcsn. True enough, the word bread or food can be taken metaphorically as it io understood in tho first; psrfc j and absolutely speaking fche expression, ' eating of bread' can become a. metaphor if it refers fco come spiritual thing merely. But when a man stands visibly before you in propria persona, he cannot say that he himself is the bread that is to be eaten, and mean fco convey that people should merely believe in him. Hence in fche first part, where faith ia required, we do not find a vestige of fcho supposed metaphor ' to eat.' But more than this : Christ Himself, in His vory mode of expression, exolades the metaphorical sense, when He distinctly states, in so many words, that the bread which He will give to eat is His flesh. To eat of bread which is fche flesh of Christ given by Christ te- ba eaten musfc signify some thing more fcKSn s'mply fco believe in Christ or in Christ's death. Andthiscomes oufcafcrikingly from what follows. The Jews found no difficulty in understanding tho words broad of lifo metaphorio oally in tho first part of the discourse : now in fcho second part thoy understand ifc in tho direct and literal sense which was the only sense thafc would occur to them to understand ib in. The Jews did nofc murmur because Chriat said He was the bread which came down from Heaven, but ' they strove amongafc themselves, saying, how can this man give us Hia flash to eat ?' As in the first part they understood thoy had to have faith in Ohriofc who came down from Heaven, end wondered how Ho could have come from Heaven, Bines they knowHio parents, aa they thought j so hero they understand Christ fco jororaiso end command His fleck fco bo oaten, and at the name time wonder how thafc could bo done, and they refuse to bolieve both in H is coming from Heaven and in eating His flo ch. Aad our Lord, who did not expect thoso whom He taught to comprehend mysteries — bnfc fco have faith, all the more insists on the duty of belisf ie Him, and on Hia having come from Heaven, and on tho necessity of grace ; allowing that the Jews had rightly understood Him regarding such faith in Him, and regarding Hia coming down from heaven, though Ho does nofc onlighten thorn as to how that do3confc took place 5 ao, in this second part, He dooa not afford thorn much information as to how He is going to give them His Flesh as Food ; bufc Ho procoods to inslsfc on and annorfa fcho accuracy of tho coneo iu which they under stood His words, and persists in thisoourse over and over again ; as if Ha would allow no possi ble misunderstanding on this poinfc, and wished to put an end oneo and for ever to fill cavil, and exclude every pcaaibility of eaying that Ho had spoken of eating His Flesh merely in figure. For tho vory momonfc tho Jews ob jooted — ' How can this man give us hia flesh to oat?' — our Lord immediately nnd emphatically ? declared fco fchom thafc thafc very thing1 ought to bo douo which fchey douicd could bo douo ; and in ' woi'da oic moat solemn import : s' Amon, amou, I say fco you/' He goes on mulcting that Hin Flosh had to bo ocfc3ns and hia Blood to ba drunk ; and thafc that eating and drinking was oating and drinking of Hiuoelf. More than fchig ; fcho vo^y roappna given by ouv Saviour why this eating and drinking should take place confirm, with an overwhelming- evidence, the dootrine on which we are insisting. Ho com manded men to eat with throat of spiritual doath : u Unless you eat tho Flesh of tho Son of Man, and drink His Blood, you shall nob have life in you ;' with promise of eternal lifo : ' He who eats My Flesh and drinks My Blood haa oternal lifo ;' with an emphatic declaration a« to fcho properties of snch food and drink : ' My Flc3h is meat, indeed, and my Blood is drink, indeod ;' with a olear exposition of fcho intimate union between the soul and its Redeemer : ' lie who eata My Flesh and drinks My Blood abides in Me and I in Eiir ;' again, 5' As the living Father hath sonfc Me, and I live by the Father, so he that eateth Me, the same also shall live by Me.' In a word, our Lord emphatically as serts, over and over again, thafc fco be a fact which tho Jaws declare to bo impossible, ' How can this man give us his flesh fco eat ?'' and con oluden hit! discourse by re-asserting those very propositions whioh had been called in question by them : 'This is fcho Bread fchafc came down from Heaven ? He that eat9fch this Bread shall live for ever.' Nay, more : fche very words fchemsolves used by our Saviour provo that in fcho second part of His digcourEo Ho was speaking in no figure, bufc in reality. The ordinary metaphorical sense of eafcing a man's flosh, amongst fche Easterns, ro» fore fco a man's desiro of doing some great injury fco another, ov to fche oalnmuiea and injustices whioh a man has suffered. Ib ia plain tho words oould noc possibly bo used in this sense ; and from tho very nr.fcure of tho caao they could only bo understood in fcho literal sense in whioh thoy were spoken, and ia which Christ evidently wished them fco be understood. Thafc He spoko literally corner out with unquestionable clearness from fcho way ia whioh His hearers understood Him, and from fche answer which He gavo fco their remarks. Ifc is evident thafc the Je\73 understood Him lite rally, for thoy at once exclaimed : 'How can fchis man give us his flash to oat ?' and ifc is no loss evident thafc they did nofc mistake out1 Lord's moaning, for Ho emphnticaily insists oix distinct times on fcbo truth of fchafc very propoai which affords thorn so much astonishment, and ends by this solemn warning: 'Amen, amen ; unless you oat the Flesh of the Son of Man and drink Hia Blood you shall not have lifo in you.' How can any reasonable man imagine that Christ, the Great Teacher of fcho ignorant, was all this wliilo merely insisting on a proposition v/hioh the Jews had already made no difficulty about, namely, thafc men ought to believe in Him or beliove in His death ? And as if to leave no door open for auy species of subterfuge, tho Evangelist; goes on fco relate uot only how the Jews who v/ere Ofifcicizing our Saviour behaved, bufc fche conduofc also of His nearest friends and followers?. How did they understand Him ? Aa speaking of move faith in Him and His mission 1 . Moot assuredly not;. Affcor the Jews had expressed their astonishment, and our Lord had all tho xnoro forcibly insisted on His teaching, thoy f elb thafc there could bo no possible doubt as to what He was affirming with such persistence in spite of all opposition and a universal expression of dissent ; whilst at tho samo time they did not feel iucliucd to subject their intellects fco tho obedienco of faith. ' Many, therefore, of His disciples,' says St. John, ' hearing ifc, said : this saying is hard, and who can bear it?' And, therefore, 'many of his disciples -went back aud walked no more with Him.' Now, in the first part of this discourse, when our Lord required faith in Himself as having come down from Heaven, fcho Jews \ murmured at Him ; and in tho second part when Ho declared fchafc His flesh was fcho broad which was to be eaten, they again grumbled ; and after His precise aud solemn declaration thafc ' unless you eat the flesh of tho Son of Man and drink His blood you cannot have lifo in you,' then even. His very disciples themselves began to feel uneasy, called ifc a hard word, and absolutely abandoned their Redeemer. Does Christ explain away and tell fchem. that after all He simply refers to faith ? He does nofc. He appeals to His future glorification, as if He would say, ' Am I not Divine ; and have I nofc power to act with the power of Divinity ?' ' Dofch this scandalize you ? If then you shall see fche Son of Man ascend up where He was before ?' And to show that He prof erred rather to lose His chosen ones than to hide the truth, He turns to tho twelve, whom He takes for granted have under stood Him a3 tho rest did, and says : ' Will you also go away ?' Then ifc was that Simon. Peter made that undying answer which solves all difficulties, and unravels all doubts. ' Lord' ho exclaimed, ' to whom shall we go ? Thou hast the -words of eternal life ; and we have belioved and havo known that Thou art the Ohrisfc the Sou of God.' Such then is the argument drawn from the sixth chapter of St. John fco provo fche doctrine fchafc Christ's flesh is meat indeed, and His blood drink indeed. Here, on this occasion, as is evident, our Lord did nofc givo His flesh to eat and His blood to drink : He simply stated thafc Ho would do so : and ifc naturally follows thafc we should bo anxions to know the occasion on which such a promise was carried into effect. Did our Lord and Master fulfil that promise ? 'Where ? He fulfilled ifc in the most solemn manner and on the most solemn occasion. It was on tho vory eve of the great tragedy of His cruel and bitter Passion ; ifc waa during His last most sad and tender meeting with His own, and with 'that vory Poter who said, as spokesman for his brethren, ' to whom shall wo go P' and with those eleven who would nofc leave Him when tho rosfe walked no longer with Him. He had, in His mercifulness, thus prepared thorn for what Ho wan now about t :- do. Ho had mode thorn tho promise, and Ho S v/od now about to perform Ifc. The gloom of J Oafchocmano \n\a 'already upon Him, and He U know that Hio houv way como. Ho spoke of j Hin botrayal. Ho had eaten tho Paschal Lamb, ' nc- Ho had wftohe^ (;ho feot of His Apoatiiea. ' And now seated at table once more with His bes loved ones, those on whom He trusted for the carrying out of His diviao mission, ?? Jesus took bread, and blessed and broke, and gav8 ifc to His disciples, and said : T«ko ye and eat. Thia in My Body. And taking fcho chalice, Ho gave thaukn, nud gave to them, saying : Drink ye all of this ; for this in My Blood of fcho Now Testa ment, which shall be shed for many, for the remission of sins.' Or to uso tho still more ex* preasive words recorded by St. Luke-: 'Thia ia My Body, which shall bo delivered for you ;' this is My Blood, whioh shall be shed for you. Now, what can possibly bo the meaning of fchis solemn act, oxcopfc fcho fulfilment of tho promioo recorded in S . John : 'My Fionh ia meat in deod, and My Blood is drink indeed ?' Is it not eviclonfc ihafc those moat emphatic words, uttered on the most solemn oooaaion, contain tho realization of fchafc promise which our Saviour had alroady mado, and oxplRin fcho full meaning of His words as uttorod in Capharnaum? For IIo not only consecrates the elomenfcs Him Eclfs but He tf 11s Hia Apostloy to do fcho oamo in commemoration of Him. ' Ao often as you shall oat this Broad,' says St. Paul, ' nnel drink the Chalice, you shall nhow the der,tk of the Lord until Ho come.' Thus, then, wo havo fche promine elaborately insisted on in St. John ; and fcho fulfilment of it evidenced at tho Laat Supper ; nn well aa tho command to do aa our Lord did, and thus to perpetuate His pro Boncs ' until He como,' that is, until fcho day when Ho ahall present Himself to judge the Lvifjg and tho doad. Now, lofc ua make one stop further, L:fc ns inquire what was the faith on this poinfc amongst tho very oarlient of fcheChris tiann. We will tako ono who wan pronenb neither at tho promise nor at tho institution. Lot ua tako a typical man, and moro than that, a great and recognized tenohor, whose wordo may bo fairly fc;iken to osprcsB fche most acourate doctrines of Christianity on this mo3t momen tous subject. Lit us consult fcho fceachiug of tho Aposfclo of fcho Gontileo, of tho learned Sfc, Paul, Speaking fco aud teaching tho Corinfchiano, and through thorn the nniversal Chriofcian world, he says : Cl Tho cup of blessing which we blcsa ia ifc not tho Communion of fcho Blood of Christ j aud tho Broad whioh wo break is ib nob tho Communion of the Body of Chriat ?' A«ain : ''I havo reoeived ok fche Lord that whioh I aloo deliver unto you : fchafc tho Lord Jeauo, the aamo nifjhfc in which He ?was betrayed, took bread, and giving thanks, broke, and said : Tako yo and oat : this in My body, which shall bo delivered for you ; do thia for the commemoration of Me. In like man-« ner also tho Chalice, after Tie bar! supped, say ing : This Chalico is tho Now Testament in ,My blood : this do yc as often a3 you ahall drink for tho commemoration of Me. For as often as yo fihall eat this bread, and drink fcho Chalice, you shall show tho doath of tho Lord until Ho como. Therefore, whosoever shall eat this broad, or drink tho Chalico of tho Lord unworthily, shall be guilty of tho body and the blood of tho Lord. Bufc let a man prove himself, and so lei; him cat of that Broad, and drink of tho Chalico. For ho that eatefch and drinketh unworthily, oatefch and drinketh judg ment, or as tho Protestant voroion has ifc, damnation to hiinsolf, nofc discerning tho body of tho Lord.' Seo how accurately Sfc. Paul speaks Avith. regard to tho institution of tho Sacrament. Ho had evidently carefully studied tho mitter. Bufc docs ho in his instruction to tho_ Corinthians ever so distantly hint at the notion thafc this eating and drinking is merely metaphorical ; and thafc all Christ meant was 1 that pious thoughts woro to bo entertained with regard to Him whilst Bread was being partaken of ? The very opposite to this is moat emphati cally insisted on. What -words could bo' moro awhilly conclusive than thoso terrible throats against unworthy communicants ? ' Whosoever shall oat thin Bread or drink tho Chalico of the Lord unworthily shall bo guilty of tho body and blood of tho Lord' ; and 'He thafc catofch and drinketh unworthily eatoth and drinkoth damnation to himself, not discerning the body of tho Lord.' Hero, with most terrific warnings, men arc put on their guard against eating fcho flesh of their Lord and God iu mortal sin ; and tho character of tho warning, and tho very temper of mind which the Apostle evinces on this occasion brings, with an overwhelming pressure on the mind, tho conviction that he, the tho Aposfclo of tho Gentiles, possessed a moat vivid faith iuthe Foal Presence of our Saviour in tho Eucharist ; aud that ho waa penetrated with tho awfulness of tho thought thafc a sinful creature should dare to como bo intimately in contact with his Saviour and his Judgo whilst still possessed by the demon of mortal eiu. Tho words of institution, the words oi the promise at tho Lasb Supper, aiid then tho corroborative evidence of the greatest of Christian teachers prove, with superabundant force, that our Saviour did nofc simply require faith in Him, but that Ho did really aud indeod institute a Saora menfc Avhich should nourish our souls unto life everlasting. If such bo tho case, whore ia the Church which claims to be the heir of such riches and of such powers aud promises ? Ask any of fche millions of Catholics spread ovor fcho globe, aud they will toll you. Enter into auy Catholic ohnrch, ohapel, or oratory where fcho lamp ia buvuing, and oak fcho meaning of that lighfc, and you will learn. You will find the Body find Blood of Ohrisfc thorn, end, there fore, His Soul and Divinity, wholo and ontire. You will boo thoao who outer kneel reverently aa they pass the Tabonaolo, where our Lord reo poses j you will fiud hore and there devout soula prostrate in adoration, others earnestly praying ; and you will gradually roalize that before thafc lamp, on that altar, is something, or rather ooino Ono, upon Whom nil thing.') aon coutrato aa ia a fooua ; aud thac tho doctrine of the Heal Presence in thia nineteenth centary ia nofc merely a crysr,alizod arfciole of fcith thrown into a de.'id formula, but r- living roality, whioh forma man's liveo, and naoulda thoir hoarfca, and diveota thoir energle03 and aboqrba thoii? deepest, tbeir puresb affections. Our Lord is still loved —loved in the Bloosod Sacrament ; and thou Bands upon thousands n.ro thoro this very hour, whose boin[»a ava vo.pt in adoration of Him before the altar ; thousands upon thousands who are receiving Him day and night all tho world ' round ; for whilst ot'iens oloep olhora aro ai^ain awake, mad thus 'oho civclo of love, of povpotual adorations ia . complete, oaf Lord loved, - and served, and tenderly miuiaterod tp under the aacramentul veils. So ia it now ; oo haa ifc been from tho first ; and go too will it continue to the end. Trace up from this hour to tho clay St. Paul spoke thoan warning worde to the CorinUiiant!, and you will : find the name peraiatent and staarly beliof proved by the 'dovotioual or dogmatic writiug3 of tho earliest fathers ; by their replies to iho r.ceuia '?' tions of tho ouoniies of the Churoh ; in tho decrees of holy councils ; and in tl-.e Htui'«iea and prayers of tho Church in tho East au well w Weot. Tuko nno or two of the earliest end most renowned of tho fathera an oxaiuplen of the rest. There io Sb. Ignatius, tho marlyr. Ho ?7C3 no'c only a bishop, but uloo Podi3ciplo of St. John tho Evangelist. D.ioa he Ua'ii from St. John that ' Christ ia oaten figuratively? Ja3u the reverse Ho speaks of tho G-noatica of his time, aud re marks that 'they a'ootain from tho Euoharist, because they do not acknowlelge it to bo the flesh of our'Savioni', Jesus Chriet, which suffered for our einp, and which fcho Father by His good reHUScitated.' Evidently if the Gnoatioa ab stained becanoo they did not believe, others approached beoau3e they did believe. What do ? early Catholic philosophoro say ? St. Justin, who wan martyred about the year 1GG, \7rit03 : ' As Jeaiia Chriat, made man by the Word of God, took flesh for our salvation, in the oame manner we have been taught that the food which haa been blcaood by the prayer _ of fcho wordo which He opoke, and by which our blood and flesh in the change are nourished, is the Fle3h and Blood of that Jesaa incarnate.' Did tima allow St. Ironruu-j, and St. Hilary, and St. Ephrom, and a ha3t of others might be quoted to the samo effect. But time doea not permit. As a specimen of the rest then here io a quotation from tho catechetical instructions of an early and celebrated father, St. Cyril of Jerusalem :—' The bread and wine,' oaya he, ' ?? which before tho invocation of. the adorable Trinity wore nothing but bread end wine, became after this invocation tho Body and Blood of Christ.' £gain : ' The Euchariotic broad, after tho invocation of tho Holy Spirit, ia no ' longer common bread, but tho Body of Christ.' Again : ' The dootriuo of tho blessod Paul alono is eafliciont to give corfcain prooi of tho truth of : the divine nyotcrien ; and 'you, baing deemod 1 worthy of fclioin9 avo bcoomo ono body, and ono blood with Christ. For this great Apootlo Bays that our Lord, in tho name night therein He waa dolivorocl, having taken breed and given fchonko, broke it and gave to His diBciples3 Baying to them : take mid eat, thio io My Body. Afterv7Qvde Ho took the oup, end said : take and drink, this in My Blood. As then Christ, speaking o£ tho broad, declarod and said : ? This is My Body'' : who shall dare Jo doubt it 1 And ao opeaking of tho wine, He ponitivoly assnred us, and said : 5 This ia My Blood/ who shall doubt 16 and cay that ifc is not His Blood ?' Oaoomoro: ' JoQuoChriofcatCancof Graliloo'once changed water into wino by Hia will only ; and shall wo think Him lees worthy of credit whon ? He changes wino into blood ? Invited to an earthly marriage, Ho wrought that miracle ; and shall wo hositafco to confess that Bo has given to His children Hio body to eat, end His blood to drink? Wherefore, with all confidence, let us take fcho body aud blood of Christ. For in tho typo or figuro of bread His body is given to tbee; and in fcho t^e or fltjaro of wine Hiu blood ia given ; ao that being made partakera of tha body and blood of Christ you may become one body and 0Q8 l^'oofl with Him. Than, the body and blood of -' 'iot being distributed in our members we becon.o Chris tophori, that io, we carry Christ wiih uq 5 and thua, aa Sfc, Peter says, we are made partakeraof the Divino Nature. Wherefore I conjure you, my bvothren, not to consider them (tho bread and wino) any rnoro as common bread and wine, oinco they are tho body and blood of Jesuo Ohriofc, according to Hia words; nnd olfchough your oonao may auggesfc that to you, let faith confirm you. Judge not of the thing by your toates but by faith; assure yourself without the least doubt that you are honoured with tho body end blood of Christ. This knowing, and of this being assured, that what appears to be bread ia not bread, though it be taken for bread by tho fcasfco, but. ia the body of Chriot ; and that which appears to be wine ia nob wino, though tho taste will have it so, but is the blood of Christ.' So far for the teaching of tho Fathers, ffor'the doctrine insisted on from the pulpit and at cat'echioia in the ages close upon that of the ApostlofJ themselves ; a doctrine, indeed, har monizing in every respect with that of St. Paul, and of thooe enlightened Christian divinoa and philosophers who came after him. Now, last Sunday we made use of tho teaching of tho Pro testant Church of England for strengthening onr faith with regard to the confessional. Can we turn that Church to the same good uao with re ? apeot to tho Eoly Eucharist 1 We certainly can. She undertook to cast off from herself whatever appenrod to her, — that is to thoae gentlemen and ladies who are oallod her founders, — as unscripturol. Does she boar about her, with regard to the Seal Presence, any token o£ tho old tradition from which she broke away 1 Jjot ua coiionlt, not this divine aud that, bnfc her authoritntivo formularios. They declare that ?????tho Body and Blo)d of Christ' aro 'verily : ani indeed Inkon aud received by tho faithful ? in tho Last Supper ;' ' that the Body of Chriat '?ia given, taken, and eaten in tho Supper;' and that ' this ranch we njusb bo care to hold, that in tho Supper of tho Lord thete in no vain cere . tnonys no baj?o oign, no untrue figure of a thing absent, but, r/J the Scripture oaith : ' Tho cotnv mnnion of the Body and Blood of the Lord, in n marvellous}' incorporation, which, by tho opera* tion of the Holy Ghost, the very bond of our conjunction with Christ, is, through faith, wrought in tho soula of the faithful, whereby uot only their eouls live to e'cernal life, but they surely trust to win to their bodies a ronurifection to immortality,' ' Liston to Hooker, ono of the ableot and most authorifcativo o2 Protestant theologians: 'Let it be sufficient for mo,' ho says, ' presontiug- myself at the Lord's table, to know what, then, I recoivo from Him, without .searching or inquiring ofijtho manner how Christ porformeth His promise. Let disputes and questions, enemies to piety, abatotne'nts of true devotion, and hitherto in this cause not over pa tiontly heard, let them take their rest. Lot curious and sharp-witted men beat their heads about what questions themselves will ; the very letter of the Word of Christ giveth plain security that these Mysteries do, a3 nails, faoton ua to His very cross ; that by them wo draw out (aa touching' efficacy, force, and virtue) even the b'ood of His gored side ; in tho wounds of our Redeemer wo there dip our tongues, we aro dyed red both within and without ; our hunger is bo satisfied, and our thirst for ever quenched. They aro tilings wonderful which lie feeleth, great which lie seeth, and unhoard of which lie uttoreth, whose soul is possessed of this Paschal Lamb, and made joyful in tho strength of this now Wine. This Broad hath in It more than the substance which eyes behold ; this Cup, hallowed with solemn benediction, availoth to tho endless life and welfare, both of soul and body ; in that it serveth as well for a medicine to heal our infirmities and purge our sins, as for a sacrifice of thanks giving. With touching it sanctifieth ; it en lightenoth with belief ; it truly comforteth us into tho Image of Jesus Christ. 'What these elements aro ia themselves, it skilleth not ; it is enough, that to mo which take them they are the Body and Blood of Christ. His promise in witness thereof sufneeth ; His word He knoweth which way to accomplish. Why should any cogitation possess the mind of a faithful com-J municaub bub this, 0 my God, thou art True — 0 my eoul, thou art Sappy V Surely, it is needless to say more. It the arguments which can be brought forward to prove thai; our Lord taught the Real Presence, and that His follow ers believed in it, and that Antiquity acted in accordance with that belief, aro not sufE.ient, than nothing can be proved ; for ihore is no other dogma in the whole range of Catholic faith which is nu&tfdned; by so many, snob, various aud overnb.RlmJng arguments as ibis, Tha solemn promise of our Lord ia presence of the Jews and of His disciplen and apostles ; the way in which He insisted on His own meaning baing received in spite of the trouble that ifc caused ; then the wordo of lustitation so soloomly uttered, aud on such an ocoasion, oad do directly end unequivocally ; arid, finally, the teaching and practice of the Church from the days of Sb. Paul to tho present hour— not to speak of tho Eastern Church aud other communions which have at one time or another rejected tho authority of the Sovereign Pontiffs— all thia is enough to convince- any candid mind that Chriat if: really, truly, and substantially present in the Sacrament of the Altar. We, thank God, who, from our oarlioat years, have boon taught the saving doctrines of revelation, require no further stay to our faith than His Supernatural Grace. To doubt for a moment the existence of that reality, with which we hava ao often come in oontacbj which has been all in all to us, which has boan our solace in trouble, our strength in weakness, and a living vigour within onr lives when olse we should have fainted away j to say ou imagine Him not to oxiafe with whom v?o have been so intimate, who has boon more than Father or Mother, or Brother or Sister to via, the light of our eyeo, the joy of our heart, would bo tantamount to denying our own e:da£ence, equal to calling in question the most vivid, tho deepest;, the profounde3t experience of our owa souls; Ygd : 0 Lord aud Saviour, 0 friend nnd stay of the heart of man ! Too many proofs hacb Thou given us of Thy Real Presence for us to doubt Thee ! Too of ton best Thou lifted us up and supported us in times ox trial for us to call in question Thy loving Presence in the Taber nacle I Too often ha3t Thou apokon to uo, encouraged us, uoUnod ua, takon away our louelineos, for us to think that Thou wa3t nob there when we felt Thee, and all but heard Thy tender Voica encouraging us on tho journey, making our hearts burn within uo on the way ! Aud this very conviction and experience of ours brings us to the second point of our meditation. 2. How chall we act towards Christ in the Blessed Saoramont ? Tho first duty which pressed upon us is to stir up our faith. We should realize that Ho ia in the Tabernacle. To do this requires much thought. It takes some time, especially for those who aro not in the habit of living in the unseen world, to grasp tho com plete idea of whut Christ is, 'Who Hs ia who is living in the Host. We come to church, v/o make our genuflexion ; we look up, and seo the lamp burning ; wo acknowledge that Christ is there before U3 ; but is not guv knowlodgo ofcon dull 1 aro wo not too frequently half asleep in His Presence, and praobically ignorant that our Gfod, onr King, our Redeomor, our Reward excooding great ia before us ? Did we vivSdly realize thia, should wo not act vary differently ? Should we nob become changed men? Would not ouv hearts bo touched with awe, with deepest reverence, when wo entered any ohuroh where tho burning lamp betokoned the PreEonoo of oui1 Saviour ? If Ho suddenly appoared to us through folded doors aa we knelt boforo the altar, should we not bo greatly startled and',j filled with trembling in Hiu Presence ? And yofc wo know that Ho is as really there- as if we absolutely fixed our eyes npou Hia Divine j countenance, and saw or felfe the glorious marks j in His hands aud cide. You ainnero3 who havo j been living in wiokodueoB, how could you ontor |j iuto His presence without having your hearts 1 pierced with remorse ? You would feel the | poinoa and vileueos ia your gouI ; and you would 9 be conscious fchofcj though Ho were silent and hidden from the oyc, Ho still pcne'crntocl your inmost spirit, aa light striken through polished glnco, and numbered one by ono yonr ofiencoo against Him. rTo man with c vivid faith in Chriat'rj uearneya coold bo with Him ioug with out an effocfc being produced upon hio rjoul. Stir up your faith ihon in 'she Real Proaonoc. Think and ponder again cad again on tho gireafc firnuhs that your God, your Judge, liven closo rsfc hand j and that you can approach Him, cpenfc to Him, yea, oven and receive Hica8 ao uho food bi your spiritual tsustenanoo as oftea as you will. Aro'you aooailed by £oDapt;ntion3 canno'o Ho free you ? Is yonr_homo dark and and ? cannot Ho comfort you ? Have you domestic afflictions to boar, such as nono can and tony knov? but yourself ? Id He not yonr Qod, and cannot He who mado .you lift you up r-nd bo your nicy 2n ovory tabulation? Are yon a sinner, dyed with tho deep Btains of years of ovil, and habituated in offendiug Him ? atiii is Ho' not ntronger than buniom ox habit however inveterate, and cannot H13 divine arm break asnuder your bonds, and set you free 1 Yon know He ia the Omnipotent One and filled with tendereafc compassion as He is with power, Hio mercies being abovo vll Hia worka. Strive then to gain a habit of lively faith in the Real Presence, and it will be to you an ?untold assistance in converting your soul to God, in. maintaining your innocence', and in combating the most subtle assaults of impurity or pride. Your socoad duty to the Blessed Sacrament follows from the first. For if you encourage a lively faith in tho Sacramental Presence of onr Lord you cannot but love Him ; and if you feel a love for Him you will love those for whom He died. You BhouM encourage then in your heart a tender love for your neighbour. Your faith in Christ will urge you to this. . You will forgive all who have done you ill for His Rate. You will lovingly bear many things on account of His patience in tho LSlessed Sacrament. You will say : ' If Be loved man so much as to thus live with him and bear with him, I too must assist Biin in His work, and do all I can to advance a cause which He has so intensely at heart.' The very relation in which the Blesssd Sacrament stands to your -f ellow-m an will open new gates of Heaven for you ; and you will not only per ceive lines of light and love as yet unseen, 'but you will detect in your fellow-creature that which will make him loveable to yoa, and will cause you to turn to Win with a supernatural yearning which perhaps you never felt before. Thus your faith, will set upon your charity, and in proportion as you discern the tender character, the deep affection of our Lord. In tho Blcssod Sacraments for sinnera, for those who hava so injured Him, you will learn yourcelvoa co love those sinnors, nad freely, for His sake, to forgive those who may have dono you harm. Your thitd duty is a sequence from those already mentioned . From your neighbours you naturally turn to yourself. If you believe in Christ's Real Preaence, and love your neighbour, aud forgive yoni' enemy for Hia sake, you will bs moved to look oarefully into your own conscience cad see how youroelf stand in His sight. You will loag to come near to Him, but you cannot do ao as Hia enemy ; you wish to approach Him ao His friond. And to be His friend you muofc bo in the state of grace, Here thon yon havo the Sacrament of Penanoe coming to yonr assistance. You are provided with a meanr, of cleansing your soul if it be defiled. The very fact of wish' ing worthily to approach Holy Communion is the came thing as wishing to mako a gcool con» feosion. You have no excuse for presenting yourself ill prepared. You know what tho process is which you must go through. Yoa cannot communicate in mortal sin without par* taking of your own damnation. Yog munfc be honest with youraelf, and come really clean to the Holy Table fco oat the Broad of Angels. He, iho Almighty God, cooa you end ponefcrafcec -you, and He cannot be mocked or deceived. You believe in His presence ; yon desire ponce with all men foir His sake ; a-id maka up your mind to fib yourself by a sincere con fossion for uniting yourself to Him, the God of your heart, who is to bo your portion for ever. Faith in Grod3 oharity to man, purity of conscience, to these the catechism of the Oounoil of Trent, which, of all books, teaches us tho most solid Christian Doctrine, adds two other dispositions; namely, Hasailityu and Divine Love. These too follow aa n logical consequence from the throe oharactsriatics already mentioned. Humility ic based upon a true knowledgo of aelL And how io aolf bettor known than by tho Saoratnonfe of Penanoa? In this holy Ordinance tho sinner searches hio spirit; with lompo, and ia ooarohed ia buvn by hia spiritual judgo, and by means of his own honesty and tho skill of his physician , he comes to know of what cloy he i3 made, and that of himnolf ho Irj but dust and ashoa, a miserable- werca of the earth. And 12 humility io based upon aolx« knowledge, on man knowing God's greatness and hio own nothingnoys, diviuo supernatural lovo is founded Jn humility. For how wonld it be possible for a man to poaaooa a knowledge oi ijimsolf and a knowledgo of his Supremo Good, how oould he posoibly compare God with hlma self, Infinite Purity end Beauty with hia oxm basenoss and deformity without loving tho ono in proportion as he shrank with horror from the othoi1 ? And thus it io that n fcraly Chrisfcinn caau acts towards that g-roaft Sr-orao' ment, in which ho placoa hia boliof. Ho practised his cpirifc ' in falili, ia lovo fco God and man, in purity of couocionoo and hv.nii-» lity o£ heart. Such are tho qualities laid down by fcliono eminent divines who composocl tho Oatochiuni of fcho Council of Trent im1 fcho In otruo'cion of fcho faithful. Such cvo fcho vJriucrj a ftor which those should .ntrivo who wicjh to approach fco Holy Communion and to find n liYiuiiu as well «b a Judge in the adorublo ii Snorament. Thoy are apooifle, distinct virtues. TI10 Ti'odon'cino divines clid not mention them j at random. They aro the spooinl roo^uicitea foi1 1 worthily or fruitfully approaching, tho tablo of I tho j*ord. Ia proportioa as thoy osoaimod at DU(S a acquired, in that very acme proporSion tho soul, heart, and nonrjo:i of r, nan become Ohriobisnizcd in Holy Comcaunica. Neglect tliani, and Chria'u will, neglect yon : nrcctico them, and Ho will bo all in all to yon, 'r,nd raiao you up fe glory at the Ic-.ob ?.?%, Tfeo prr.ctiorJ qiioc Mona fchou, ncc7- p ; Dojjgu oonccJonoly thus proparo your arjirifcrj fas JaLoly 'Ocrniiurnion 1 Do you, cno yon say that yoa really do In. jpoinfc of fccfc, ofcrivo So enliven your feiSi in ?'ceo Real Proaonca? Bo yon carofclly osduiJoo your heavb with a view to rccoiving wltla clerinneaa and purity oi: Spirit? Avo you in the habit ot csorcifjiag youTOoH in acfcc of lovo and Ot abanlag youraoK beitoro the Eyo of Qod, aa a preparation iov coamunicating ? You may have thought of theso thiaga ouperEeially : you raaj almjily have prepavccl vouvcelf by reading come ordinary prayers in yoai' book. If np to thin your nraefcieen have been vaguo or ill-dofinocf, nox? bogio. Take these virtuca, E'ccommonclod by tho Treo dentiuo divinoo, ancl meditcto on them ono by ono; ponder on their moaning, aud make a resolution to orercise them ; and rest not until you feel a conviction that you are doing some practical work with your soul. Love, Faith, Humility, Parity of Heart, Sour distinct virtues, to be practised, each according to its character, whilst each, producoa its own peculiar fruit. You can measure your growth in ihera ; you can. test youraolvoa aa to your proficiency ; you can g-aug'G the amount of the real, genuine work you are achieving within the domain 01 your own personality. Your eyes will day by day bacome more clear and strong1 in their vicion oi unseen things, and in their familiarity with tho King1 dom behind the veil ; and as you soe more and better, you will all the more intensely love what you see ; for every now revelation, of faith, is a new revelation of beauty. And if such be the oase, ii Faith, Purity, and Love teach you to see more and raoro boauty in. the Creator, the very contrast, when you draw your oyes down and fix them en the creature, that is to say upon yourself, will cause you to perceive your own. vileneas all the more vividly ; and you will fly to Christ as a aorfc of refuge from yourself ; and hide yourself from yourself in the wounds of His Hands or Feet or Side. Thua it is that real. spiritual work is done, and tho creature finds his true level and position and gets to understand wheifi ifc fa ScTlbsvo a Qodj nnd what the responsibilities are of an immortal soul. And these though to bring ua nntnvally to our fchir-3 yolnt!. 3n jaow doacj Chriat ia tho Blessed Sacrament act towards uo ? Wo havo already meditated on sin and on oar own proclivity to evil. Wo know that wlthont grace we cennofe move a step to war do God ; but with grace wo earn do all things. Now, thio Bleonod Saorataont ia a founding a wolluopring of heavoaly grace, for ifc contaiaa the King and Creator of all grace 5 fehei'o is Jgdho Christ;,, trao God, feua man, the Maker, Eodoemer, and Sanet-ifioL- of all thoao who ahnll be ? cavsd. There 'la Hia hnmonifcy diviaoly beautiful though naQaan- by oaunnl oye j there io He in all His Povycr 5 fchat power beiag all feho more marvellonaly displayed from tho vei?y fact of H!a o::eL'fcioc it Ia hiding and voiling- ? from us the splendour of Hia Porno d, and tho coruscating glorloa v;Moh era flenhing around His throne. Ac oi old Ho mnnSfoatod Hia virtao r.nd the inflnencoo? Hi'j.pi'Grjoneo, conow. Ho who o£ old time hy IHrj -cweat human voico called the dead to life, at wfrono touch- the young girl aprung up into vitality's, hy xvhovQ opmuiaad the youth . waa.- glvors baol'. to hia ? mo'uliai1 alive In every pulco ; He, uho liom o£ whoao gcrmont gavo Soi-Sh c, healing powo/.5 which phyalcionc could ' HOfe uudorctand, cornea ia Holy Commuuion aigh- 'io ovory ono of un with Hia power aofc shorfconcda and HIrj lovo over burning like a flnme. GocVo Oiauipotonco0 omerglng throngh Hio Gccred Flesh, still worlrn Ifis wondera and vainQts the apiritnally feoroid 60 0 firor/jOL' graoo and Iov3. O Saviour of mea and King of aagola0 thou doafe atil! live in the miclafi of uc ; for fcho Word waa not only made Fleab, but it dwells amongofe no oven now- £1; baing Thy doligh.t fco bs with tho childron oi men, vhoea Thou wilt Hot leave orphana fou ever, but with whom Thou wilt toko up Thy abodo, and amoas0^ wkom Thy Tabor« nttole hoo been uot ap navev to bo dectt'oyod; Th.3 Taboraaclo oa fcho altnv io Thy houoo-on earth. . Thoro Tkon art c, living Goda a loving Saviour, a ready Friond j Thy love afcronges.' fchaa death ; Thy'chai-ifcy, which many uatovs oannot o::tiugniah5 buruG ovei? ardently in tondorCaso towavda tho ainuor. O holy lianda which did vaico Jairno'o daughter ! 0 holy .feet and Qidoj, blood-red ouco, aov/ ploi'iouG3 whioh 'vrero pierced for 6ho aako-of man'o redemption. How wq gaso iu faith on thora, till the tears gnsh from ? ocr Gyeo2 aud we. aro broken with sorrow foe sin and overwhelmed with lovo and gratitude ! O cacrod Heed of oar Eodoomov ! O cat! fiHci brulood JFnso, oaco end oaco DnlttGa9 but; now all oplondid arj tho nun, but hiddon bohinc! tho veil, WocnecL art 'Shon I Wq adoro and aoknov/lcdgo Thoo to bo oho Hoc:! and Oountananco of the Saviour ox tho world. And noi'o than thia s Ohviafi, now Ho lives cr.crn° monually with uci, givcrj HimcoK- ia v.n an ouv food. Ho baoonorj tho llfo cad ateongth of ouv GonV moi'O iatimatoly blendod5 uoro ctviotly ciac with uc bh?;a _Ho v;aa v/illi thoco wlio livocl uSth hinij, »aw Hii3s aud walked with Eiui . ia'- tho daya ol; Hia onrfcMy initiictryo T/hat thou _aooa Ho do 'Her uo In Olio Blcscad Sco-ainonu ?'-Lo givorj r.cc.n 2nciicnco oS cauctifyin^ qvccq. ? &u;,L whv's is thirj cyaeo 2 20 iu fclio xoo'\ o2 all ov.S ^OT/osfj of rjupo'.'aatuvr.ll Jcitli and harso aiid Io7oo Zu icj i\ uo\7 raatnvo fjivoii'uo by C.c2 cm1 [Lr/vicui1 ; it i:i a pcit'tioli:.:i» 'ulon oS fclioDIvL: j JNTatnifOj ics by ii; x~:o avq onnblofl uo do ''jLli/u v/liloli C'cdHEuicalin-?/jurnlly dco;,', L-'tit whloli witliout Hia Qitb h v/liclly abovo cut pOWGi'D. ihCi'w tiiO jjiODDCu ioLv3ri.':SiOUu ui'inrjo EO uo aa mevcaco-Ot tliic gi'c.caoi [j;;.io';lilc.'ifcioii3 our povvoi1 of loyo bcootHca Jniounidccl, ouu liopo . enlni'fjod, eui1 faith I'scoivorj 0 bi'lrlitoi' li^jlili aud, 'a oovoato^dy puvpe^o. Wo avo bound olcL'oi' to t-ha BaoroS' Honrbj an.duo:mo ?upU^hQu and higher in fcho hierarchy of Heaven, ond drink deeper draughto of tho gif ta of God. No good works of man, ao other Sacrament has the ' power that tho Buohm- icit hna ia producing nn incrense of thin glodouo gift;. For hero fcho fountain and %7ell'apring ia received of overy grace j bore the Kin ft Himaolf. of evorlaating light, and the Prince of Ponce ontora fiho heart of man with all Hin train o£ glory, and with every divino attribute belonging to Hia Godhead. Our Lord ia the Blessed Sacrament dooa inore than this. It ia the characteristic of each and every .Sacrament to increase sanctifying grace iu tho soul 5 whilst onch beaideo thia alao exerts au oporation especial to itself. The habit o£ virtue ic not enough. These potentialities) znuot bo energised into action. We muofc not only have the capacity to do goodj but V7Q must actually do it. What then does the blessed Sacrament do for ua over and above the increasing oi sanctifying graoe ? Let tho espeoial Doctor of tbo Holy Hnoharist, the Angelical St. Thomao, opoak for us. 'This Snerament,' he sayi;, -e oonfero grace with the virtne of charity.' Here then ia the one great gift of God bestowed upon uo. Thia is the especial work oi Holy Communion, to urge us to acts of love. Ao tho coal becomes red with fire, and ia changed into the character of flame, ? bo does the burning lovo of Christ, whom we reoeive, ignlto our !beiirtoD ond inflame us to do great things for Him. It otendo to reason that Buch should be the ease. Ho Himself ia Love, the Substantial Love, tho Infiaito Affection. Love is Hio characteristic. God is love. And here He displayo thia in all its intensity. Hie past ineffable sufferings and agonies for our sakes ; Hia solf-annihilation out of tenderness for us ; Hia very Preaence oa the Altar, atill proving Himself unchanged in our regard 5 oil this Bhows, with the force of divine deedOj what a furnace it is which wo receive in tho Communion. Ia it not natural then that it should burn ? 'Wherever the lovo of God is,' ooyo St. Gregory, otit id never idle ; if it exist at all it mnst work.' And ao it doen, Who ia there who hao not experienced it? Those very virtnes which are practised an a prepara tion for worthily receiving are, after Communion, intensified within us. If Christ is love and we love Christ, His Presence within hg causes us to barn ; and tho purity and generosity of super natural oharity takes the plaoe of self carnality and nensual pleasure. His fire tends to burn out . our dross. The heated flame of His divine affection melts out of the soul the proclivities to basenoss which spring from the groeaneso o£ tho flesh. The love of God generates the love of man ; and we embrace in our affection for the crucified all those souls for which He died. Thus love in its twofold aspoct is made a reality within us by Eio Precence, who is the fouatain spring of every high affection : thus the fire of conoupiscenoQ becomes lessened or extinguished by the action of tho melting furnace of seven fold affection : thus man brought so near to God learns in a manner which no words could ex press, for the experience of it passes all human form .of language, what a volcano of pouring1 larva of love, what a source of unselfish desire is found in the Blessed Sacrament ; and in the nearness and touch of so great a Presence, and in the ? knowlodgo of his own transgressions, : man becomes ' humbled exceedingly,' and clings . 'to and leans all the more^on his great support in proportion as he become 'conscious of his ?weakness. Again: not only is sanctifying grace increased in the csoul, not only is the fire of oharity in an especial manner enkindled in our hearts by the Eucharist, not only are we made like uato God ; but this Sacra ment produces an especial land of union which is created by no other influence oa earth. In rocaiving thiu holy SQcrament onr souls become unitod with the Sacred Humanity of Jeauc. Hia Fleah is meat indeed, and Hi3 Blood is drink indeed ; and in eating Hia Flesh and drinking His Blood we live for ever ; we receive the oced of imraortalit.y ; we are raised up gloriouo at the laot day. Living Flesh of tho living Qoda animated by a living soul, true 0-od and true nice, nod doad but throbbing with strong human life. Him wo are joined to in holy Communion ; with Him we become one in an ineffable manner; and from Hia exhausfcle3s fountains we receive the waters of everlaoting life. Thnw, those who reoeive Him well boooaao Christiana worthy of the name-.' He in them, and they in Him ; they, indeed, no longer saem to live, for Ohriat it ic Who lives in them ! This, then, io tho great ultimata effect, turning weak, selfish, proud, and eoroal roon into oainto. Our Lord'a afcron{-th takes tko place of their weakneso 5 His 3elf forgetting geaerosity is nub etituted for their oelf-absorbtion ; and their pride boiag burnt out, tho sweet constraining humility of Him Who. was meek and lowly of bvirfc flourishes in its ntead. The lifo of Joquq .b-iiomoa manifoDfced in our mortal flesh ; thone th..t hungor and thirst receivo their fill, and thuso who labour, and are heavy burdened, aro refreshed with the Breed of Life. Look, then, to yourselvoa thic night. How do you stand with the Sacramont of tho Eucharist? Do you exercise your spirit in a lively faith with regard to it ? Are you accustomed 'to fit yourself for meeting your Saviour in the iutimato union pro ' duced by thia holy ordinanca ? Do you constantly bear in mind all He will do for you ; and how this gif t contains within it tho fountain of sanctifying1 graco, tho principle ox actiyo love, and tho Body, Blood, Goul, end Divinity of Him who rodcoraed us, who Iovgd ua, who v/ill bo our Roward oscoed ing1 groat ! If by borne misfortune- you have boon cold, romim, nog-ligont in your corvioo ; if ?? : you havo allowed our Lord to lavish all Hio richen on you, but in vain ; 0 now, thia vory night, repent wibh. all your coul ; contriotata not tho Heart or Jeouo boating in love for you ; spurn not His cilont pleading where the lamp hangu bright ; loavo Him not in lonolinona and desola-* tion as if Kiu cv/n know Him not ; lova Him, visit. Him, zncko youreolvoa one vith Him, con , fe.sa your eina and receive Him ; and lot Him be $9n®@£!0Et& y^iiE otay ia lifo and death ; and the principle of your convercion into Christian men ! 0 Lord Jesus Christ, who didst annihilate Thyself for our salvation ; who didot come down from Heaven and walk the bitter ways of human life ! O Saviour of mankind, who didat toach us all how to onduro all things with a mook and patient spirit, and didat finally offer Thyself on tho Cross to save us from the ? pains of H ell, draw ua to Thyself in tho bonds of lovo ; attract us towards the Lamp of tho Sanctuary ; lead us into Thine own gracious Presenco, and keep no there till our hearts melt with lovo for Thee ! Let us tasio and feel Thy sweefcnes?, and give uo a firm perauasion that Thou wilt bo all in all to up, and more than all Heaven nnd oavth besides. ' Oh God, my God ! for Thoe my cioul hath thiratods for Thee my fleGh, in a denort laud where there ia no way and no water, Ao tho hart panteth after the fountaina of water, ' so my soul panteth of tor Thee, 0 God. My soul halh Ihirated for the strong, living Gods when shall I oomo aud ap» pear Leforo the face of God?' O holy Saints whose spirits wore illuminated by Christ living onl the Altar, 0 holy Spcuaes of our Saviour who found uo solace like that of liviug in Hia Presence and eating of His meat, pray for ua thufc wo too may love Bim in our tuvn. Holy S(s. Catherine, end St, Perpotua, and St. Clare, pray for the sinner and bring ooftneao to his hearts. St. iLucian, St. Denis, Sb. Margaret, Sb. Ida, St. Thoiiiag, intercede for uo that we may know who it is that is in our midst ; that wo may vividly realize Christ's Presence in the Blesaed Sacrament ; that we may ever and often worthily prepare to receive Hia^i ; and that He may vouchsafe in turn to pour into our dry and thiraty coulo tho full atreain of His divine affection,, that thus living iu and by and through Him in faith on earth, we rany5 when life failg no, open onr eyes to higher vision?, and nee Him face to face whom we fell;, though we did not see, whilat in oxile here below. 