FOLLY LOKPIFS BOKNET. Bt N. Waltbb Swak. To talk of the Muttleram village in tenna other than respectful were to inenlt it in the f—m of the hotelkeeper, storekeeper, and justice of peace, who kept accommodation for ■am and beast, also haberdashery and ready, made dothine—as the signs of his establish meat set torn cm its one-sided street. The street crept in from the plains between a iiatta of plough soores, to get trodden into baldness and mod opposite the two antago 1 uses, whence it crept oat again i ana bah tracks. The plain flanked it, and ran out from i. in a dead level, carrying cold pools in its crahholes for weeks together, spreading dismally to the horizon before it and to the horizon towards which the plough-scores ran. *»ut thia horizon seemed bo far, and so low, and so hopeless of reaching, that people eamght avagoe feeling of vastnese, as at sea. laibecSe attempts at gardens in front of ricketty hate showed a feeble settlement j The cottages that were sprinkled here and j there on traditional surveys seemed to be moulting about the shingles and generally instable. So were the paling fences, with mfase against them and gape along them, like dirty and broken combs. The treache rous river twisted, too, as only Australian riven can twist bubbling -over its slime sad snags. Ibis monotonous characteristic of years and scamped contracts was no where more proncnnced than _ in the sickly brick emporium and public - honse of which Mr. Lorpip was the proud proprietor. Muttleram was like London, or Saratoga, or Biarritz, in that it had its season, j The season began when carriers and their teams of bullocks or hones floundered up to the bald and favoured spot for traffic, toflonn- , der on to distant wool- sheds for the squat tars' harvest, and when they ploughed back | to the horizon they had crept over in doe coarse, exhibiting a resource and variety of imagination in swearing that bordered on genius, as well as an adaptability for mod and grime that harmonised with the eternal fitness of things. In the Beason truculent looking shearers stalked np greedy for the orgie their cheques promised, and threw brandy into their brawny throats, and fought, none daring to make them afraid. The season was ati its height when the bars wore full of yelling and drinking, and big-framed men lay doubled in sleep on the paddled floors. When revellers ham mered for attendance on the stoat counters with gashed knuckles Muttleram made merry. Who could describe the entanglements of drunkenness then, and the wildness of it, reeling to the counters, and crunching glass in its madness, or the fury of entreaty that possessed the shorn ? Brisk and stirring was Muttleram at such a time as this. Idlers from the cottages walked over and made friends, and got free drinks, and assisted in free fights. The township seemed at this genial time to awake, and watch the show, and laugh at the pathos that lay below it. One day the winter doubled on its march sooth, end came bade furiously sweeping across the plains. It struck the tender spring with tempestuous sweepings, and trailed its mnrkineas above the young blos soms. It rolled and roared across the level, and ran before the son, bearing frowning i clouds. It bollied np the miserable street, ' and aeized and shook the houses, pouring eat house menaces and biting rain at the doou and windows of the dwellers; then whipping the river to foam, and bending the trees in obeisance to its scourging. It travelled past, smiting the bright day that had come too soon. The gay bloods of Mnttieznm ware cowed. The almighty power of the air had swept the human refuse from the streets, driving them back to the bars, and racing round< the doors, shnt in its teeth^ before speeding on in chase of the ■^y^LrpiP contemplated his array •t lambs, sitting on the forms or leaning vacantly on bis counter. The weather unfor tunately had interfered with his shearing as it would with that of the squatters, and, natvally, be was in despair. A fight; rntg-f* with a brandy trace, had been interrupted, for the rain had checked the mad pace of the riot as effectually as a posse •f policemen, TSie Jew pedlar tried to get np a rafle for a mendacious watch. Tom the 8#iU congratnlated himself audibly on having shorn 200 of Brokle's wethers in a afagle day, and invited someone to contradict Mat Everybody looked towards long Harry with the leather strap on bis wrist, hoping he wbald give him the lie, hat that rollicking spirit had isolated himself from the company in a concentrated effort to spit a glowing ember into blackness Some were otosing at intervals to keep themselves in form, and others signing with vacancy as to tbcprobabilities of Hungry Brown's woolshed. The knees and heads of the coonter-leaners wen nodding in [sleep, and one or two pro- j nriaeooBsly took off their boots and lay down. Mr. Lorpip, as I have said, was sorely facuMed at the appearance of things. There wars a' few whose cheques ware not nearly melted, and not sufficiently drank to warrant his making poetic entries on the slate. He introiueea cards in a feeble attempt to ester for the tdeunuea of the afternoon, bat the pMvoml fell flat. So the hoars wore down to darkness. The candle lamp above the bar deer had affected a nimbus fat the fat mist xoOfng up from the river, and the rival inn wad sfanBariy asserting its claims upon the eonatdeiation of each night travellers as might happen to pass, when the bar door opened noiselessly, and Jimmy Planter fdtifliB. flanker was a powerful man, with eo nega 1 barren a face that It save the idea I bdAe remodelled to fit some after mswearing it The expressionless ftiOlfi harmony with the ponderous 'the arigaW Jews—there was je inft, maybe sndh a depth— Hike 8 worn-out thing that had _jht with and wrestled back all treacherous expressions. If any one had asked who Jimmy flanker was ha would have had fa rep}} that he one from Adelaide some jtin ego, end knocked down £200 at Lorptp's counter. Plonker acted on the co in puny like a new sensation, as be stood looming against the fire, bia broad back and huge legs steam ing, and hie white faoe looking out from the shadow of his sodden hat-leaf. " Bravo, Jimmy Plonker, old man ! _ When did you come in ?" shouted the few voioesnpt too thick for articulation. " What are ye goto' to drink ? Dash it all, Jimmy, name yet ^Hte warm-hearted landlord's eyee brightened at the revival, as he welcomed the prelude to a farther d»«in on his excellent liquors. He stood waiting with a dirty glass. Plonker nodded, and a large allowance of nun was placed before him. " Here's lock, boy*." . Besoming his position, he relapsed into sflenoe, ana stood steaming and lowering as before. " Come on, Plonker, let's have a song. " Yea, Flanker's song; Plonker's oar man; oorside of the house for Plonkerfrom those of the musically-inclined. But Plonker wsa looking straight before him through the doorway at the dark night. There ooold be heard from below the grumbling of the rolling river and the mean ings of the dying wind. "Now then, Plonker!" " Shot op yer ">ftrn«i row ! D ye hear Hii head was h*if turned upon his shoulder in the act of listening, though his small eyes looked round those present with s curioos questioning. " D'ye hear that, you fellows ? There it is again. Some one in the river. Hisht," Some of the men roee to their feet The clock throbbed its ticks as though it had heart disease, and the Bnoring and in coherencies of the drunken made the pause fjnfni Living through and over that pause as its creator and fashioner was Flanker's forbidding face. And then came up, apparently bo me on the dissipating mist that the wind was puffing before it like clouds from a smoker's mouth, something like a jerking cry for help. It might have been a cry or a bird hoot, or any of the many noises from the stream, or any other kind of unusual sound bom of the night, but it barely struck on the ear again before Plonker's voice fell on the listeners. " Bring out yer lanterns, Lorpip. Quick, man. Someone's drowning. D'ye hear?— drowning!" The revellers rose and stood waiting and bewildered, not well knowing what to do; they as still as when, in the pause of listen ing, they heard the cry; all waited for the lead of the speaker. The lanterns came hurriedly, and the men trooped out behind their bearers. There was nothing but darkness and the sound of waters. Away below were the gurglings and plashings of the stream. Above waa the sky, clouded to blackness; around mid below their feet were pools, catching glimpses of the lights and throwing back hurried reflections like fallen stars. There waa nothing to be seen of this most forlorn hope but the leaders hurrying on with the lights on their beards and breasts; all was dark but the reflecting blots of water plash ing about the heavy tiamplings of the silent figures following them. They came to the river in silence, and closed up on its foaming before the followers of the lanterns spread out to peer at the froth and babbles dancing against the obstructing trees on water that had the seeming of ink. The men surged upwards and downwards for a while, almost sobered, anxiously waiting and willing, as Plonker waded in breast high, holding his lamp on a level with his lifeless face, while curiously scanning the surface of the stream. " Here, some one." Long Harry, who had been engaged earlier in the evening doing battle with the obsti nate incandescence of the ember, stepped into the waters and waded to bis side. " Hold the light well in my direction." " All right, old boy; what d'ye see T The man had struck off where the waters were silent and swiftest " Keep the light against the 1—" The next instant he had disappeared, and a heavy log swept over the spot with the speed of an arrow. " —against the log," resumed the face as it rose to the surface; "there's something bobbing there." Plonker tried to say more, bat he was borne downwards by the rush in company with the froth and babbles swirling past and eddying amongst the hissings at the great tree that lay across, half covered by the riven The water throbbed at the feet of the men stand ing in the darkness. All saw the launch of the swimmer, knowing his skill and strength, and when bia head roee out of the track of light j tbecandlesfchrewthey listened greedily for the , next directions. The points of light moved | downwards and struck the old trunk here and there, groping to fall on the head of Plonker. They pierced their way tremblingly like quivering spears into the murk, and were thrown back again by the sullen water. There was a long bank of foam, white as sods, where it dashed on the timber, hut the froth line remained unbroken. "Coo.ee!" The two who carried the lanterns gripped hands with the rest, and from the end of the human chain on the bank waded in to their necks to throw the level light the better in the direction of the calL " That'll do; keep as ye are, lads." Again the face, as white as the foam, was seen just beyond the river bed, where a calm, pool revolved quietly. "One of you fellows ran for the rope in the stable." The little Jew pedlar, who had been cursing volubly with the view of preset dug his1 presence of mind, dropped out of the line of men like a broken link, and plashed up through the mist towards the hotel lights. In the one direction the retreating feet were Spattering dismally over the soaking plain, in the other the dark human chain stood waiting like a basilisk stretching into the river. With its two glowing eyes grimly steadfasUoontom gg them, was the oorpse like faoe of' y Plunker, keeping time to the dancing i froth that stretohed out before him rope of wooL I "All right, Jim? Keep steddy." " Whoe gone for the rope ?" ! "Iaaae the hawker; hev ye found enny-, thing." There came no answer but hissings, and nothing oould be seen but the rising and failing of the faoe, on which a struggling ray fit intervals acoomplished a glint out of the byes, or a flicker on the hairy throat below it —a longer time of silence and waiting than Would have been believed possible. " What did ye aee, man ?" The faoe continued as impressionlese as before. ' ; "I can hear him flummicking back," carte from a sturdy sailor, with the shoulders and arms' of t Titan. • "Now then, Isaac, ■ tbflsfcay; ah* we'll raffle that turnip of yours when we git back.. Ahoy there, look out beyond• - - - He was ooiling the rope while speaking, and the hempen circle whistled across the waters, settling on Flanker's head with the fall of a whip-Ush, seeming by the glimmer to have divided the features with the fold that fell on them. Nothing bat froth for one in etaut, and the face in the blade eddy the next, bobbing in ita ghostly automatic fashion, while the churned water gloomily roared oat a volume of sound away down the ban is, as Flanker's voice ehot over once more. " Now lads, pull steddy, and keep the rope tant. Hani! Off!" As they polled the man across, the wrath fnl senm beside the half-merged tree was cot by hia ehouldera or throat, or by bis arms buffeting to keep the surface against the sacking current and the footling harrying river, bearing ita mottled pothings in rush ing haste to the greedy sea And when he found his feet, and stood up, with the water streaming from his flaccid *"»** and his big shoulders, there rose a cheer in the darkness round the twinkling candles that drove air&y; the voice of waters, and ran op hoarsely to Sir. Lorpip's hotel. Worthy Lorpip, dozing in his chair by the firs and and anathematising the cry that deprived him of custom, heard it. Mrs. Lorpip, who had rippled black hair, and even teeth like little chisel tops, heard it. The proprietor opened his dull eyes. The proprietor's wife sat straight to listen with a puzzled expression, and hastily opened the window of the ruddy room where she sat, to see two faint lights glimmering at her through the mist, surrounded by a chorus of voices and the tramp of feet harrying back to the big fire in the bar below. "So yon see nothink, Jimmy Plonker, eh V The swimmer was Btanding with his back to the gaping fireplace, halt invisible in an atmosphere of steam that was curling about him in vaporous wreaths. He looked with a quick glance round the men and at the host who w»s twisting his hands together, and weakly smiling a welcome back to his dirty floor. The man spoke out of the vapour slowly and sullenly— " Wot I see ain't nothing to yon fellers; it might be to Lorpip there, bnt it ain't to you Wot made me take to the Mirrewar on sich a night were this. Ye see, when I ran down, an' yon fellers follered, I think I hear the voice again, an* I ran with my lantern op to my middle. Ye know this V Plonker poised himself in a new position, and threw a yawn into his voice, that he might appear by no means concerned at the event in which he had been the principal actor. " Know it! Didn't we see ye strike out like a Newfund dog. Why ye were off " " Shot up, Brown. Go on, Jimmy; we all on us saw ye, old man. Well ?" "Well, when 1 went in I jist throws the light afore me, and sees something floating down wot wasn't a stick—looked like skirta more, an' I watched it to the log, an' flnng off, after givin' the lantern to Haiiy, there. Eh, Harry ?" " Correct." " I cut across to the elbow, where the water was calm, eh?" " Y' did." " An' sees something gettin' sacked under, wot I freezes on to." Plunker was speaking so slowly that he suggested the idea of having forgotten the connexion of the occurrences, and now and then, when the mist rose about his head, he turned to look at a man sitting in a corner made by the bar counter with the walL Lorpip was nearly before him. " bnt the beggarin' river palled so hard that it nearly tuck me with the thing. Wot that thing were I don't mean for to say; nor I don't pertend for to say I hev enny idea of it wotsomever. I was sayin' the water sacked the thing away; bnt I kep' hold of wot I caught, and hev it now. Eb, lads ?" "That'sright, Jim ; j' hev it now. Well done. Show it, old man." With another look that took in the faces of his listeners his rapid eyes travelled to the corner man, who was nowa standing listlessly beside the counter; Lorpip was leaning over it. The bearded faces before the fire had closed in a circle round the speaker. "This here is wot I pulled at from the thing that floated down, an' which I don't pertend to know wot it was—mind that, ye hear, boys." "Allright; show it" He felt hurriedly in the breast pocket of his coat, and remained thus famblingly for a time, then polled ont something soaked with water, which^ he held np on one hand, while he restored it to the shape of a calico bonnet with the other. " That there is wot I pnlled off, boys. Ye saw the whole thing yeraelves, an* ye can hear me ont" "Some poor devil of a woman got swept down. Maybe Jim Gowler's wife above, but she didn't wear them kind." Lorpip, leaning among the glasses; never changed hia position, bnt his eyes grew un naturally Urge, and he stared at the bonnet with ss frightened and set a face as though fascinated by a ghoet The silent man strode forward from the corner, and poshing his arm into the ring of heads, snatched the trophy from Plonker. " Yon see that Lorpip ?" The host might have been some graven image of fallen humanity for all the attention he gave to the question. ' Wake np, man; go tell your wife there's more than one bonnet like thi& Wake np I Take the thing with yon. Your Daughter is np with her mother now, helping her to sew, I'll be bonnd. As sure as my name's Dnndss I'll shake sense into yon if you don't go." , lorpip slowly took the bonnet and stag gered away. I To thoae who were eufficUmtly calm or sober for the detection there seemed nothing stranger ahont the half-told event than the' intense excitement in the tones of Dondas. pandas was the only man who had fought Plonker, ud beaten him. He was the only ban ofthis respectable looality, so far as was gennallv known, who did not get drank. If ■ tetter had to be written, or aocoonts made PP. Dundee was applied to in there times of i !>Mr i5J!?b whispered that he was wildly ! Sit the naM®*I governess at old flicker's station, bo s way was made respeot ally for him men he tuned again from the wnnter, and stood before Plonker, whose ! te*m by this time had. all dissipated, leaving dm hulking and bored before his questions. )nndas spoke slowly end earnestly; a stilt lees so unusual had fallen that the subsiding , if the embers startled thegroup. H You W wore savrlber floating down ?" No, I didnt. Planter slashed in, as 11 r!?$of the sentehoe, what ever might be. " I said I saw it, not that '( *!*■? - * wouldn t pertmd to say, no more i tor the child unborn. " It was close to the surface V II *th2 ®nr|?C8. orhow could Ieee it,-ah? Eb, lads? He thinks to trap 'me. Vothre yecroesexaminin' me about? Wot ] i he croes-exemfnln' me about, boye?" Plan 1 :er iobkfed uf» from Dundee's feat to the others i if thegroup, ■ ■ - . " How coold yon seed float down to the log if it was only near the surface ?' "Eh! I see it go past with the lantern in that direction, that's wot I Bald. Isn't that wot I said, honour bright—you're witness, men ? Isn't it now. Come f "Yon polled the bonnet off her ?' " 1 polled the bonnet off it." " Did it come off gradually ?' "Gradually; no. Come with a chock." "Then how is it the strings that tie it on are not broken?' "Wot d'ye say r Dondaa repeated the question slowly. How do I know ? I bedn't my hed under jokin' at it. I've hed enongh o' this water a-lookin' _ „ euepidonin'. It a man is to be snspicioned for jnmpin' into a river at night—a river as is swelled an' dangerous—a man onghter stay on the bank an' look on with his hands in his pockets, an' let the wretches sink, an' be hanged to them. That's wot Jimmy Plonker says." He smashed a fist on a big chopped palm, and looked fiercely at the convulsive clock. " I tint a-going to be bollied for wot I did. Ie it fair, boys, to be bollied for a riakin' o' yerlife ? Come now, as men—is it?' "No, 'tain't fair, Jimmy," from' two or three voioee. " Jimmy did slap up." "I'm a-goin* to shoot qow, boys," Plonker con tinned, "an'ye can give it a name, all of ye. An' you, Mr. Dnndas, you'll drink along of us, sir? There's no animosity, is there, Mr. Dnndas ? Wot H yoo hev f' Dnndas had left the bar. A servant with soddened hands came in behind a washing apron, and filled glasses for those present They drank success all round, whereupon Mr. Plonker took the opportunity of saying that this was the fast time he was ever snspicioned. He did not deny bat he bad faults like other men; bat if all his faults was pat in one—every fault he had, from the time he was a kid till the time he finished that ram in that there glass (drinkingit)—thewholelotalladded, mindyer, wouldn't be enough to suspicion him. Lorpip stood at the door of the parlour where his wife sat, with a flabby hang of despair in his pale cheeks. "For God's sake, where's Polly? Some one's fonnd in the river to-night, and this was polled from her head trying to get her out" The wife struck a glance over at the bonnet her husband held, and, after tBhiver that shook her chair, tried to resume her sewing. " She had'nt on thai hat," said Mrs. Lorpip, with a catch in her voice. " Send Nat Dinsdale for her at once; she's at Mrs. Tuner's. Stop. Send the girl to the bar, and go yourself. You've been drinking again ?" Mrs. Lorpip listened to her husband hurry- i ing away, and leaned over on the table, fainting. " Drink, boys, drink," shouted Mr. Jimmy Plnnker, whose eyes were getting bloodshot. " Wotever ye want to hev1 I'll stand the racket. Come, giv' it a name. More rum here." The oigie was growing to a development that would have greatly comforted honest Lorpip had he been present. The pallid face of Plonker was growing into queer con trast with a wild red tinge creeping to his eyes. "Here's to the man that won't stand to be cheated of his hard-earned money, or— or to be snspicioned. Drink. That's my toast" He turned his ugly face to the seat that Dnndas had occupied, and threw the ram into his month with a force in keeping with his face and words " Fill again, girl; fill again. Jimmy Plnnker is not to be sat upon or sospicioned as long as there's a knife in the island. Fill up. Wot are ye 'fraid of, ye liver-faced sneaks, that ye don't drink glass for glare ? Ill fight the best man among ye for love—rough an' tumble." " Weu done, Jim. Jim's the man for a spree. Give as a song, Jim." He looked inexpressibly cadaverous and repulsive as the torn heated him to reckless ness. " I'll give a song. Listen." " Who thought I was drowned ?" said a clear laughing voice that swept in and rang amongst the drinkers with a sound of Bach yoath and parity in it that the wallowing revellers by contrast seemed yet more grossly stuned, sod more deeply sunken, as though the questioner, with her rich face and clear eyes, had banned them by that contrast to onter darkness. " Who thought I was drowned?" " Why here she is; here she is. An' here's Jimmy, miss, that risked his life for you, thinking it was yerself. Hurrah, boys!" __ Even in their debasement the germ of good bad not died ont from the wretched gather ing. The same prompting that uged to the race towards the river, to the risk in its waters, and to the cheer that covered their lashings an hour before, asserted itself again, and the hoarse voices rose together in a cry of welcome. "Now, Jimmy, come forard, old man." Mr. Plonker's face was naturally pale, and hia eyes were glaring an instant before, but he now Btood on the floor with his jaw dropped, and hia eyes so dull and blank, with such an expression of terror upon him, that the men drew back in silence. He pnt his hand upon his eyes once or twice, and poshed his tongas along his lips, vainly trying to speak, while turning hia glass round with his hands rapidly and nervously. He walked backwards and sat silently down, never taking bis eyes from the young girl's face, never ceasing the Blow movement of hie tongoe upon his lips or the rapid taming of the tumbler. She ran away laughing, bat he looked with the same movements at the spot she had quitted. Dnndas came in to apologise for his suspicions, but Plonker was as unoonsdoua of his voice as the girl's father had been a short time before. The drinking went on around him far into the night before he walked over slonchingly to to the-counter and bad his glass refilled. He returned silently to his seat and drank it He sat with his chin upon his breast for a Vrhile, to Btart up suddenly for more rum and retreat and drink again. This was re peated all through the night He lay where he sat for a few hours, amd when the light Of morning struck in upon the filth and the Sleepers he was the first to ask for more, with but little intermission Plonker aat in the same seat for days, drinking and think ing and whispering to himself words that no one heard. Those who had spent {rages were turned ont to make room for the fresh drinkers of the season, bat through all the sights and fights he remained the same. Onoe be crept over tremblingly to Dondaa to assnre him that Polly Lorkip was drowned. That he had seen her. That ha had seen it, it, mind ye, floatin' by. As the heavens was above him he had, and he had Seen her ghost some months ago in that doorway below the clock. Only her ghost: wasn't it, now? Then he laughed jibberingly and sat dowS. Sixmoitoingstrom the time of his swimming In the river no was lying below a hone rug noun old mittressln Mr. Lorpip's stable, Trueto his Instincts, the benevolent landlord sri^,"" You haven't had your nobbier .this morning, Jitnmr. Why, yoo look whiter than nsutl, Will i .'fetch you enef > " Send it with Mr. Dondaa. I want for to speak to him." Dondaa cams presently, and as his eyes be came accustomed to the darkness where the man wm stretched be started _ " Whet's the matter, Flanker V "Bold that glass to my lips andmfM.. bead." The man drank It at a gulp, « another fall; I'm too weak to s£*k When the choond glassful had ' emptied the old glitter oame to his ■£?£ eyes. "So It weren't Polly Lorpip as drowned?' • ** " Bo, thank God, she to all right" " Nobody was drownded ?' " What did yon see, then r " Nothin', I've bin wa&ehing; my chance tn bav* it oat with Lorpip from the time b« hocnssed me with drink in that there bar an* eased me of £200. I'd oome to bay a bltnf land here and support my mother on it bnt be got wot I hed. and she died in Adelaide I saw it In the papers, I thort of having it oat through his handsome daughter. See?' The face of Dondas was by this time as oafe as that of the speaker. He nodded assent " Pot that boss oollar wider the straw at my hed. That's better. Thinkin' I see W figger anigh the river that night, I knookai it on the hed with a rail No words paised. it were over in a minnit Maybe if were "a ghost too. It's staffed in a log at the fash. Blip-panel o' Flicker's fenoe. If ft had bin her I'd Inn a happy man now." He laughed brokenly, and lay back in semi, stupor. " Bat the bonnet ?' " I stole it fast to pat 'em an the wrong scent. The river dodge was a good *un, ehr Though the white face wore a spasmodic laugh, Planker became awftallyatilL Dundas tamed over tire coverlet hurriedly, and saw a pool of blood almost oongealed on tire mat* tress and straw beneath. He tied his necker. chief hurriedly round a cash in the man's thigh, as he opened his dolling eyes. " It's too late. Mr. DandaS. A coroner's jury foand "that James Plonker died of injuries inflicted by his own hand." Another coroner's jury found "that the re. mains of a woman,name unknown, were foand in an advanoed Btete of decompositionlin a hollow log at the fenoe of Andrew Flicker, Esq.; that the deceased had evidently been killed by a blow on the head from some Want instrument, bnt there is no reliable evidence to show how she came by her death." George Dondas kept his own counsel One evening, long after he bad removed Polly Lorpip hem the home her father kept, when they looked out from woodbines upon the waters brimming past, and when path ways of yellow sun and shades of purpling donas gave dory to the river, he told his wife the story of the bonnet. , 