Wxz ffizBBMttk $xQ#kmz%. No, I. ? (By the Right Rev. the Bishop op Melbourne.) ' For the prophecy came not in, the old time by the will of man ; but holy men of God spake as they were 'moved by the. Holy Ghost.'— 2 Peter i. 21. It is my intention, by God's help and permission, to consider in the lectures which I am to deliver here that evidence of the divine origin of the Christian religion which is afforded by the fulfilment of the Messianic predictions. Before, however, proceeding to consider those predictions in detail, it will be convenient to point out what is the connexion between prediction and prophecy, and more especially to answer certain objections to the existence of specific predictions, which are based upon general theories of the nature of prophecy. Prophecy has been defined by Ewald* to be ' one of the most wonderful primal faculties of the soul which, potentially indeed, is diffused throughout the whole human race ; but in especial strength, truth, and persistence is revealed in the history of Israel only.' In like manner Dr. Davidson declarest that if human nature be considered in its entire compass, including the Divine Spirit implanted in it, prophecy must be called a natural endow ment. It is true, indeed, that elsewhere Dr. Davidson dis tinguishes the prophetic from the poetic afflatus, and even from the impulse of real genius ; but that he conceived of the pro phetic inspiration only as of an intenser excitement of the ordinary religious consciousness is evident from many passages of his essay. 'The prophet's delineations,' he says in one place, J 'are in essence nothing but forebodings;' and again, ' the prevision of the prophet in its highest stage belongs to the preconscioiis life of the soul . . . it is intensified pre sentiment.' : In very much the Same strain Schleiermacher had already aflirmed|| that 'all predictions — both those which arise out of historical tact, and those which spring from ? an inexplicable power of anticipating— are to be made over to the investigation of the nature of the soul. ' Between the three theologians whose sentiments I have just quoted there are undoubtedly considerable differences of opinion (Dr. Davidson particularly assigning greater prominence than either of the others to the operation of the divine element in prophecy), but still they have this in common : that they seek to make prophetic inspiration nothing more than a form of the ordinary divine assistance, and are always ready to advance this theory as an objection to the existence of real predictions— of predictions, that is to say, which are not ' ' explicable on natural istic grounds.' -, I may say at once that with much which these theologians advance I most heartily agree. They frequently err, as it seems to me, rather by defect than by positive mis- statement. Thus, when Ewald declares T| that every man who hears the divine voice within 'as an imperative command,' and so 'gets power and impulse to communicate it,' is a prophet, he no doubt ? utters a profound truth; for no man can be under the influence of the Spirit of God without both gaining a clearer insight into the depths of our spiritual being, and also a more accurate pre vision of the results of conflicting motives. Again, when Ewald declares that the power of receiving and conveying intimations from the unseen world is inherent in human nature, what more is this than an affirmation in other words of the existence of the religious consciousness ? And what instructed Christian doubts for a moment that it was upon the basis of this natural faculty that all the highest endowments of the Spirit were founded ? Because there was a religious consciousness in man, Israel could be called forth out of the general mass of humanity to become a nation of prophets. Because, again, there was a divinely disciplined religious consciousness in Israel; it was pos sible for Samuel to establish the prophetic schools for the pur pose of calling forth, from the whole body of the theocratic people, those who felt a special vocation or exhibited a remarkable capacity for spiritual contemplation and teaching. Because, in fine, there was amongst the members of the prophetic schools a religious consciousness at once naturally sensitive and specially developed, it became natural to institute amongst them a kind of collegiate and monastic discipline ; that by means of the quiet simplicity of their secluded life, their study of the word of God, their practice of wholesome labour, and their cultivation of sacred song, the spiritual eye might be opened and strengthened, and thus (if it might be) individuals prepared whom God might condescend to honour with the special gift and mission of pro phecy. It is well, no doubt, to trace in this manner the connexion of prophecy with its natural and historical preparations ; for thus, we are enabled to articulate the prophetic activity into that whole body of divine institutes of which it was the informing * History of the People of Israel, Vol. I., p. 470. * t Introduction to Old Testament, Vol. II., p. 489. t Ibid, p. 465. || Dr. Pusey on Daniel, p. 238. . . if History of the People of Israel, Vol. I., p. 472. / ? soul, and to feel it safely founded, moreover, upon the ultimate facts of religion. But to take.this indication of its natural basis for an adequate account of its most characteristic phenomena is a very great mistake indeed. Prophecy is more than spiritual insight. The prophet (at least in the scriptural sense) is something specifically different from the saint, or even from the religious teacher ; for ? if it were not so, how could we account for the fact that* out of the thousands of ' sons of the prophets who were subjected to prophetic training and exercised in prophetic teaching, there were no .more than sixteen whose works were selected and included in the canon as manifestations of the higher gift oi prophecy 1 'A prophet is more than a teacher of God's Word.'f A ? teacher only unfolds, explains, and applies what is already given in revelation ; whereas the word of - the prophet always sounds forth as a something new and original — as a voice coming straight from the eternal silences. It is a germ of truth, with creative force in it ; not perhaps utterly unlike any other as to its mere form, but yet bearing the unmistakable stamp upon it| of having fallen directly from the divine hand. It implies not only a God-conducted: growth, but. also a new ; God-given beginning. The prophet stands forth in the: midst of jthe covenant history to declare authoritatively its meaning and direction. He speaks in the name and by the Spirit of God.. If he quotes at all from other prophets, this is not. to, justify, but merely to illustrate or articulate, his own statements. -His : proclamation springs forth, not as a new branch from a tree, but as a new tree in the forest. It has its own separate root, by which it holds on in independent power and integrity to the eternal soil of divine truth. 'It holds true,' says Martenson,-t 'of every true prophet,; that he also (in his degree) speaks as one having authority, and -not as the scribes.' . To class him, then, with saints and teachers, is not to simplify,, but to obscure, the truth. It is beyond question that there arei men in whom a divine spirit has been implanted by nature, and renewed by grace — men who, as Dr. Davidson || says of the ; prophets, ' rise above, the truly pious of their day by the head and shoulders,' and yet who are no more prophets than: the: Jewish scribes were. They cannot do what the prophets did.; They cannot forget themselves in their utterances. They can not, they dare not, stand forth and speak authoritatively in the name of God. Above all, they cannot predict the future. To attempt to do any of these things would seem to them impious. They are consciously destitute of the divine impulse and urgency.; They are not borne along as St. Peter says in our text ; they: are not impelled (without their own will, as it were) by theblow ing of the divine breath. Their word, as they very well know, j is their own. . With the prophets it was otherwise. They spake not from; their. own will, or from the will of man, but from God ; impelled! by a divine breath, seized upon by a divine irresistible influence which carried them beyond themselves and above themselves, to undertake ministries from which they naturally shrank, and* to utter woras wnicn tney oniy imperiecuy unaersiooa. No doubt this is a description rather of the higher than of the ordinary mood of the prophets ! But then it is precisely in those higher moods that they gave utterance to the words which: most distinguish them from ordinary teachers ; the words which, as I hold, are the evidences of a special I had almost said a supernatural, inspiration. I hesitate, however, to employ the word supernatural, on. account of its ambiguity. It is frequently employed, and it. may very properly be employed, to signify, not only what is peculiar in revelation — as miracle and prophecy— but also every thing in Christianity which is. above nature ; everything in ordi nary believers which isof the grace of God. I prefer, therefore, to say that there is in those Messianic prophecies which Ipvp pose to examine in these lectures evidence of the presence of a divine inspiration which is extraordinary and unique — an inspiration which makes them in such wise oracles and mes sages from God: as the wordB of pious men can advance no claim to be. In connexion then with my present purpose I shall regard prophecy principally as a prediction of the future, seeking the ground of its claim to be a divine revelation chiefly in the fulfilment of such prediction. lam quite aware that I. thus shut myself up to a compara tively narrow field of the prophetic activity, for the prophets were more than predicters. They were teachers, poets, patriots, men of God, who had it in charge to keep alive in Israel the most elevated ideas of God and of the theocracy ; and to turn all passing incidents, all public triumph and calamity, sin, and suffering, into the means of natural discipline and development. The manner in which they discharged this duty will seem no doubt to many the best evidence of the divine origin of their inspiration. And if ; this were all which I proposed to myself to establish, * Vide Smith's Dictionary of the Bible, art. 'Prophet,' p. 931. t ilartenson's Dogmatics, p. 295. t Dogmatics, p. 300. . || Introduction to Old Testament, Vol. II., p. 440. if I sought to prove no more than that the impulse of the prophets came from above, the evidence which is furnished by the sustained purity and grandeur of their spiritual and moral conceptions would have a strength and cogency not inferior, to say the least, to that which is to be deduced from the' fulfilment of prediction.1T Nay, wheri' we remember how much easier it is to make a true guess at the nearer future than to attain arid hold fast throughout the course of lengthened utterances — like those of Isaiah arid'Ezekiel, grand and sublime ideas of the nature of God and the duty of man — not a few might be reasonably dis posed (with so limited an object in view) to assign the palm of conclusiveness to the more spiritual kind of evidence. In truth, however, the scope of my design is wider. I seek to prove, not only that biblical revelation is divine in the larger sense of that term, but also that it is the product of a diviile impulse which is extraordinary and unique; of a divine impulse and illumination fundamentally different from those by Which good men ordinarily receive arid make known the will of God. I am not indeed insensible to the fact (and I could desire that it may be always borne in mind) that even to the establishriient of this larger claim the moral and spiritual character of the prophetic teaching lends no inconsiderable, countenance and sup port. Whatever weight, however, is to ! be attributed ' to ' itiis more indirect kind of evidence, the large claim which I have made will never I believe be readily and heartily allowed, except ' on the ground of a proved fulfilment' of prediction. But here again we are met in limine by a priori objections to the very existence of the thing of which we propose to '? treat. Prediction, it is alleged (unless indeed we mean no: more by that word than a higher kind of foreboding or presentiment), is ex cluded by the very conception of prophecy. ' The messengers of heaven,' says Dr. Davidson,§ ' should not be converted mto ? something like1 heathen soothsayers, or be made to foretell events in the manner of historians relating them beforehand.' This is at once allowed. I fully admit that** 'the prophets never tear themselves loose from their own historical standpoint ;' and that furthertt ' the essential part of biblical prophecy does hot - lie in predicting contingent events, but in divining the essentially religious in the course of history.' Of events therefore which ? are not closely connected1 with the essentially religious, we should expect no prophetic notice whatever. But what if there' be certain great facts, (such as the incarnation and passion of our Redeemer) which are so fundamentally connected with the historical development of the 'essentially religious' as to be necessary factors thereof ? What if these culminating facts of revelation are ? as inextricably blended with the essentially reii gious in the progress of history as the warp with the woof in the texture of any product of the loom ? %%. What becomes1 then , of the objection that it isnot the office of aprophet to foretell contingent events ? Not common events, most certainly ! But how about such events, events which are pregnant with creative force and eternal significance , events without which the past would be without a purpose, and the future without an inspira tion and a goal 1 To have omitted' all notice of such facts would surely have been a proof, not of insight, but of ignorance ; not of spirituality, but of moral nervelessness and darkness. If the future of God's kingdom were to be entirely determined by the character and life of its King ; if the form of its teach ing, the energy of its forces, the success of its appeal, the extent and duration of its dominion, depended entirely upon such facts as those of the incarnation, passion, resurrection* and ascension, how could it be possible, for a' prophet 'to divinethe essentially % 'The revelations of Scripture are given' to tell, not that ' God' is, but what He ? is : what in the elements of =His' character, in the principles of His government; in His purposes of : mercy and judgment toward men. So that to contemplate the revelations of prophecy in their relation merely to the divine foresight is to view them apart from what has ever been the higher aim of God's direct communica tions to men. And not only so, but the further error is naturally fallen into, of expecting prophecy to be more full and explicit in its- announcements regarding future events thanfrom' its inherent nature and immediate uses it could properly be. '—Fairbairn's Prophecy, ? p. 57. § Introduction to Old- Testament, Vol. II., p. 463. ** Ibid, p. 462. tf Ibid, p. 461.. 'Vide slso 3Iilman's History 'of the Jews, Vol. I., p. 9: 'The revelation of moral and religious truth-is doubtless -the ultimate, I should say the sole end, of the Bible. . . . For the communication, of such truth law-givers, prophets, apostles, were gifted. This was their special mission and duty. This, as far as -His character of Teacher, was that of the Saviour Himself. Law-givers, prophets, apostles, were in-all other respects men of like passions (taking theworu in its vulgar sense) with their fellow-men ; they were men of their age and country, ?who, as they;spoke the language, so they thought the thoughts of their nation and their time, clothed those thoughts in' the imagery, and illustrated them from the circum stances, of their daily life. They had no special knowledge on any subject but moral and religious truth1 to. distinguish them from other men; were as fallible as 'others on all questions of science and even of history extraneous to their religious teach ing.' This is no doubt a rather bold and sweeping statement, but, with the limitation I indicated in this lecture, I accept' it. U J. H. Fichte acknowledges (Contributions to Mental Philosophy, p. 135) : 'If the Old Testament-if heathenism— in the narrow circle of its views, did not stand in need of a ChriBt in order to be assured of the close and personal influence of the Godhead, we moderns assuredly need Him ; we to whom the Godhead has Become either a mere abstract law, or a shadowy generality, or at furthest has attained the form of -an' infinite wisdom, Universal in_ its operation, but not adapted to the special wants of humanity. Christ then, ie., the divine power which appearedon earth in the man Jesus of Nazareth, becomes to us the comprehensible divinity, the infinite brought home to our conceptions— the eye of God ever near, and ever resting upon us.' If 'the appearance of the Lord Jesus- had indeed 'this universal -significance and effect, is it. not natural to expect that in the ages going before some clear intima tions would be given, not less in the form of prophetic announcement than o! providehtiaf preparation for its approach? M religious in the course of history,' while he maintained a total 9 silence on these its most energetic factors ?* i At least then we are not to suffer ourselves to be turned away I from the consideration of alleged Messianic predictions by the if plea that such predictions are barred and disallowed by the true H - conception of prophecy. It is our right, nay, our duty, to give ?f to these predictions our best and closest attention. And I hope I accordingly to show, when we come to pass the chief of them in f| review, that they sketch for us the form and character of distant | epochs and events ; not merely in vague and uncertain symbols, ] but often in firm and unmistakable outline, and occasionally, at p least, with specification of details so minute as to leave no possible ji' doubt of the exceptional inspiration from which they proceeded. ;' Such statements as that of Dr..Davidsont that 'in no place I 1 or prophecy can it be shown that the literal predicting of distant & historical events is contained,' must be pronounced rash and J| unfounded. There is more in Hebrew prophecy than mere H foreboding ; there is more in it even than the clear insight of a j| deeply religious soul. Unless I am greatly mistaken, there will H be found in such predictions of our Saviour's character and H work as I am to -consider from this place, conclusive evidence H of an extraordinary divine guidance and illumination— on the H one hand' an Unveiling of the secrets of eternity, and on the H| other a purging of the eye which beholds, and a quickening of || the lips which declare them, such as is not commonly accorded II even to the most favoured of the saints of God. f| Our conclusion upon this point must of course be determined M by the character of the facts to be set before us. I would only H ask that no one shall permit himself to be turned* aside from a H candid consideration of those facts by any foregone conclusions H as to the possibility of miracle and prediction. For my own H part, I can truly say that I have no particular theory to esfca m blish. It is not, I believe, the interest of the Christian apologist, H whatever might be his inclination, to exaggerate the amount of H the supernatural which is exhibited by prophecy. For if, on the If one hand, it should seem to be large, it will certainly be the less H presently credible ; while on the other, if it be found to be small, ,1 ' the fact that it thus becomes far easier of belief to the men of H i&e; present generation may well be supposed to outweigh in §1 apologetic worth any apparent diminution of divine impulse and m authentication. I We are not, however, to ask in this place — What is our inte H . rest 1 but rather — What is the truth 1 How can we fully account H for the phenomena of Messianic prophecy with the greatest i ? possible economy of simplicity of hypothesis 1% I And here I would ask you to note carefully that that theory is H not necessarily the most simple which is the least supernatural. I Take as an illustration the manner in which Dr. Davidson I endeavours to. account for that foretelling of events in the nearer I. future || (as of the impending downfall of the kingdoms of Israel I and Syria by Isaiah, or of the return of Judah from captivity I by Jeremiah), of the reality of which even Rationalistic critics Ientertain no doubt. To account for an effect so extraordinary, it is necessary of .course to seek a cause of more than usual potency. And this in turn may obviously be found in an exertion of the divine energy, operating either in an extraordinary degree or upon latent and unusual faculties. The former assumption implies an increase in the quality of divine help, the latter only a change in the point of its incidence. The modern school, accordingly, which seeks above all things to minimise the action of the divine in human history, adopts, as might have been foreseen, the latter. These predictions imply, Dr. Davidson imagines, not so much an extraordinary degree of divine assistance as a particular direc tion of its application ; assuming after J. M. Fichte T the exist * Van Oostersee says very truly on this point (Dogmatics, p. 136) :— ' We nowhere find the prophets of Israel foretelling unimportant curiosa, and even the apparent accidents which they announce display on further examination a direct connexion with the development of the kingdom and counsel of God.' We must not, how ever, allow the historical element in prophecy to blind our eyes to the reality and independence of the divine element therein. On this point Delitzsch says very strikingly (quoted in Van Oostersee, p. 185);— 'We must not regard prophecy merely as a divine spark of light which springs from the present,' but as a n'eavehly light which God lets fall into the dark paths of history to point out whither they lead. Prophecy derives its wings, which carry it far beyond the present, not from history, but from the omniscient God.' t Introduction to Old Testament, Vol. II., p. 462. t This principle has been frequently laid down by able and judicious theologians of the Church of England. It is expressed in the well-known maxim of Bishop . Warburton that ' God, in the moral government of the world, never does in an extraordinary way that which can be equally effected in an ordinary ;' and again, as follows, by the late Bishop Blomfleld :— ' In general we ought to be cautious of insisting on a revelation when the lower kind of spiritual interference (i.e., the super intendence of the Holy Spirit) acting upon the materials of human knowledge would be sufficient to produce the same result.'— Dissertation on the Knoioledge of a Promised Redeemer, p. 9. \\\ Introduction to Old Testament, Vol. II., p. 464. ' ' 1:1^ Intro^otion to Old Testament, Vol. II., pp. 436 and 466. Baron Bunsen in Hko manner seeks a natural basis for prophecy in the faculty of clairvoyance; (God m History, pp. 64 and 65 ; also, pp. 70-78.) ' The existence of such a faculty,' he says, 'is a simple reality;' to some of the true predictions of which he can 'himself .bear witness' (p. 72). But if, he argues, clairvoyance be a natural faculty, there must be a clairvoyant condition of the human mind . . when directed to moral or spiritual objects' (p. 65). Suppose this faculty so directed to be 'raised into a perception of spiritual things by the Spirit ' and you have biblical prophecy, which he accordingly defines as 'the moral and'spiritual enfranchisement of natural clairvoyance.' 'Were the phenomena of clairvoyance of a more ascertained and trustworthy char actor, and such as to require the assumption of a natural faculty of clairvoyance, Butisen's speculations on the nature of prophecy, if not convincing, would be at least unobjectionable. But to make Hebrew prophecy answerable with its life for the truth of statements and reasonings thus precarious, indicates surely that' sus picion of the supernatural which will rather admit anything than a direct revelation from heaven, ence of a pre-conscious potency of the soul, through the quickening and excitation of which the phenomena in question were produced. That there is such a thing as sub-conscious' thought, thought which is proceeding unconsciously beneath the conscious pro cesses of our reasoning, I cannot entertain a doubt. Sir W. Hamilton and others have given, I believe, plain proof of its existence. 1 would acknowledge, therefore, that Fichte is justified in declaring that our mind possesses behind the region of consciousness a life full of hidden relations, § including what is called clairvoyance and second sight, and many also of those strange and startling phenomena upon which modern Spiritists have based their mistakes or imposture. I ana far from thinking that these phenomena are without their importance. Transient, partial; and mysterious as they are,' they do reveal I think in vivid flashes potencies of the mind, spiritual energies lying dormant in the background of the waking life, which may some times have been called into play in the inspiration of the prophets. That these natural faculties have been abused and misunderstood is no reason for refusing to recognise either their existence or their possible exercise in the phenomena of prophetic ecstasy. ** We know from Holy Scripture that in order to the receiving of divine communications the soul of the prophet was.frequently brought into a new and peculiar condition. For not to mention ecstatic peculiarities in the earlier prophetic schools of the Old Testament, or in the Church of Corinth in New Testament times, we are expressly told by St. John that when he received .the disclosures of the Apocalypse he was 'in spirit.' What it was to be ' ' in spirit' we know not ; but I readily allow that to the production of the state here referred to by the apostle the quickening of the sub-conscious powers of the prophet's soul might have been made an efficient factor. Only I would urge, that while something may thus be contri buted to our knowledge of the mental and bodily conditions under which the prophet was brought nearer to eternity, of the source and meaning of his inspiration these phenomena can give us no information. If it be even admitted that the Holy Spirit prepared the prophet to receive divine intimations by stimulating his sub-conscious powers, the fact still remains that to a prepared organ there must be communicated a divine revelation before we rise into the region of prophecy. No matter what might be the means or manner of communication, there can be no prophecy in the scriptural sense of the term withotit a divine Revealer. It is not, therefore, by changing the human point of incidence, or manner of reception, that we can get rid of the divine element in prophecy. If all be admitted which Dr. Davidson claims, we are as far as ever from dispens ing with the operation of a divine Revealer. God is still the giver of revelation, whatever be the manner or the channel of the gift. If we were even to assume with Bunsen that pro phetic vision was nothing more than ' a clairvoyant condition of the human mind directed to moral and spiritual objects,' how should we thus escape from the necessity of divine revela tion if we had presently to acknowledge with him that the mind in this condition had still to be 'raised into a perception of spiritual things by the Spirit'? . If, then, we cannot escape the recognition of a divine super natural element in prophecy by assuming the calling out therein of abnormal natural powers, the question naturally presents itself whether this assumption affords ua the simplest explana tion of the phenomena. I think not. For, while I should be sorry to lay myself open to Bleck's rebuke of those who ' draw sharp lines about the possibilities of prophecy,' it yet certainly seems to me to be, a simpler and therefore more probable hypothesis that the spiritual preparation of the prophet should be sought, not in the excitation of unusual natural powers, but rather in the unwonted elevation of that Christian communion with God which is occasionally granted to ordinary believers. There are living men who could testify (if they would) that on special occasions of earnest Btrivings after God they have passed into states of consciousness so much higher and more ecstatic than any customary state that, by comparison, they would not have hesitated to speak of them as a being 'in spirit,' as 'a pass ing within the veil,' aB ' a living in eternity with God.' So much is within the experience of ordinary saints ; what difficulty then ought there to be in conceiving that the state of soul in which holy men of old were enabled to receive divine intimations of the future was a state somewhat analogous to this ; not different in kind, but only in form and degree ; charac § Contributions to Mental Philosophy, p. 142. .** As to the abuse of these abnormal mental phenomena, Mr. Morell well observes in his Introduction to the work of Jb'ichte cited above (p. 24) :— '' The immense pro portion of these facts come so manifestly under the category of pre-conscious and instinctive mental actions, that no one who has studied this sphereof mind with any degree of accuracy can for a moment fail to recognise them as such. The very bemga who are supposed to communicate from the spiritual world are either historic characters or persons who have had some kind of immediate connexion with the medium.' Again, ' the material suggested uniformly coincides with the range of mental idea which the medium himself has cultivated, or been in some way con nected with. ... On the contrary, the stamp of the being's individuality from whom the communication is said to come is either wholly wanting, or is only seen in a faint imitation. Who can believe that poets who wrote with such freshness and such harmony of measure on earth would communicate positive doggerel from the ?? other world? Mr. Morell concludes with the observation which the experience o£. most intelligent observers will confirm. You will never get anything from any one's, inspirations which does not already exist potentially in his mental habits, or culture,' \ ' - ..???,-?-.-.? terised, it may be, by a degree of absorption and intentness which enabled those who were its subjects to derive sharper and more definite impressions from the intelligible forms by which they were surrounded 1 I am the more anxious to put this matter clearly, because in the past, wild hypotheses and still wilder interpretation have too often repelled from the study of prophecy minds the best qualified, by their habits of exact thought and truthful examina tion, to deliver it on the one hand from the exaggerations of fanaticism, and on the other from the arbitrariness of unbelief.* It is then in the interest of faith, not less than in that of truth, that I venture to urge upon you so emphatically the consideration of this fact— that beyond unauthorised assump tion there is nothing to warrant the belief that the state of prophetic intuition differs in kind from that of religious con templation ; while on the other hand there is much in the form of prophecy to encourage the idea that as the knowledge of the future springs forth generically from the understanding of the present, so does the higher intuition of the prophet from his ordinary religious consciousness. Prediction there is — divine inspiration there is — the descent of heaven to earth there is — in the glowing utterances of the prophets ; but not anything so utterly unlike our highest com munion with heaven as to make all comparison between the two unfruitful and . misleading. Prophetic ecstasy has sufficient likeness to the ordinary life of the spirit to point to a common origin and support — sufficient unlikeness to suggest peculiar subjective conditions, and - a higher degree of divine help and inspiration. The prophets were men of like passions with ourselves, and they carried into their sacred ministrations (as their writings show) marks of this, their human limitation, in style, diction, local allusion, and a hundred personal idiosyncrasies ; but not the less for that were they special organs of the Holy Spirit, speaking not of their own will, or of the will of man, but as they were aroused,, directed, and borne along by God the Holy Spirit. In proportion as God shall enable us to see and believe this, may He also give us grace so to incline our ear to the voice of His servants' testimony, and so to frame our hearts and fashion our lives in accordance therewith, that we also may become, 'in act if not in word, bearers of the divine light and prophets of everlasting righteousness ! 