X» A .1 ' ' ' - A " llto era ITiep Iji s tn|3 , "Tlio Indescribable, Here it is done ; The Woman-Soul Icadeth us Upward and on !" —Second Part of Faust. ( Continued .) Gladys, clad in a quaint -costume of tar nished grey and silver damask, singing in " the tweet voice of a bird" — "Turn. Fortune, turn thy wheel, and lower the proud : " . Turn thy wild wheel through sunshine, storm and cloud ; Thy wheel and thee we neither leve nor liate. " Turn, Fortune, turn thy wheel with smile and frown : "With mat wild wheel wc go not up nro down ; Oiu- hoard is little, but our hearts are great. srrnln mill 7 41%.% . "v. ciixiiv. rutun ui iinui xixii ua- , Frown and wo smile, the lords of our oval hands : For man is man and master of his fate. " Turn, turn thy wheel above the staring crowd ; Thy wheel and thou art shadows in the cloud ; Thy wheel and thee we neither iove nor hate." There was something inexpressibly touch ing in the way Gladys gave the words, which had such significance addressed io those who listened so intently, that they nearly forgot to pay the tribute which all actors, the greatest, the least, desire, when the curtain dropped, and the song was done. " A capital idea of Olivia's, and beantifally carried out. This promises to be pleasant and He'.wyzo sat erect upon the divan, where Canaris came to lounge beside hira. " Which comes next ? I don't remember. If it is Vivien, they will have to skip it, unless they call you in for Merlin," he said, talking gaily, because a little conscience- stricken by the. look Gladys wore, as she sung, with her eyes upon him, " Our hoard is little, but our hearts are great." " Tiiev will not want a Merlin : for Gladys could not act Vivien, if she would," answered Helwyze, tapping restlessly as he waited. " She said she could do anything ' to night; and, upon my life, she looked as if she might even beguile you, 1 mighty master,' of your strongest spell." " She wiil nover try." But both were mistaken ; for, when they looked again, the dim light showed a dark and hooded shape, with glittering eyes aud the semblance of a flowing, hoary beard, leaning half- bidden iu a bower of J all shrubs from the conservatory. It was Olivia, as Merlin ; and, being of noble proportions, she looked the pn>-t excellently. Upon the wizard's knee sat Vivien, " A twist of gold was round her hair ; A robe of samite without price, that more cxprcst Than hid her, clung about her lissome limbs, In colour like the satin-shining nahn On swallows in the windy gleams of March." In any other mood, Gladys would never have consented to be loosely clad in a great mantle of some Indian fabric, which shim mered like woven light, with its alternate stripes of gold-covered silk and softest wool. Shoulders and arms showed rosv white under the veil of hair which swept to her knee, as she clung there, singing sweet and low, with eyes on Merlin's face, hps near his own, and head upon his breast : — " In Love, if Love be Love, if Love be ours Faith and unfaith can ne'er be equal powers Unfaitli in aught is want of faith in all. It is the little rift witliin the lute That by and by will make the music mute, And ever widening, slowly silence all. " The little rift witliin the lover's lute, Or little pitted, speck in gamer' d fruit, . That, rotting inward, slowly moulders all. " It is not worth the keeping : let it go : But shall it ! Answer, darling, answer ' No And trust me not at all or all in all." There Gladvs seemed to foro-of. her nnrt. and, turning, stretched her arms towards her husband, as if in music sbe bad found a tongue to plead her cause. The involuntary gesture recalled to her that other verse wliicli Vivien added to her song; and something impelled her to sing it, standing erect, with face, figure, voice all trembling witb tlie strong emotion that suddenly controlled her :— " My name, once mine, now thine, is closelier mine, For fame, could fume be mine, that fame were thfne ; And shame, could shame be tliinc, that shame were mine; So trust mo not at all or all in all." Down fell the curtain there, and the two men looked at one another in silence for an instant, dazzled, troubled, and surprised ; for in this brilliant, impassioned creature they did not recognise the Gladys they believed tlioy knew so well. " "What possessed her to sing that ? She is so unlike herself, I do not know her," said Cauaris, excited by the discoveries he was malting. " She is inspired to-night ; so be prepared for anything. These women will work wonders, for they are acting to the men they , love," answered Helwyze, warily, yet ex cited also ; because, for him, a double drama was passing on that little stage, and he found it marvellously fascinating. "I never knew how beautiful she was!" mused Canaris, half aloud, his eyes upon the blue draperies which hid her from his sight. " You never saw her in such gear before. Splendour suits her present mood, as well as simplicity becomes her usual self-restraint. You have made her jealous, and your angel will prove herself a woman, after all." " la thafc the cause of this Budden change in her ? Then I don't regret playing truant, for the woman- suits me better than the angel." cried Canaris, conscious that the pale affection he had, borne his wife so long \ was already -glowing with new warmth and \ colour, in spite of bis seeming neglect. \ : :v \Vait till you see Olivia :a.%. Guinevere. I \kaow-:fshd%cwaiiofc'aYfsis)tlbat&tt;,- and I suspect she is willing to efface herself so far that she may take us by. storm by and by." Helwyze prophesied truly; and;: when next the curtains parted, the stately Queen Bat in the nunneiy of Alines bury, with the little novice at her feet. Olivia was right splendid, now, for her sumptuous beauty well became the costly stuffs in which she had draped herself with the graceful art of a woman whose physical loveliness was her best possession. A trifle too gorgeous, perhaps, for ; the repentant Guinevere ; -but. a most grand and gracious spectacle, nevertheless, as she leaned in the tail carved chair, vfith- jewelled arms lying languidly across her lap, and absent eyes still lull of love and longing for lost Liuncelot. Gladys, in white. wimple and close-folded gown of grey, sat on a stool beside the "one low light," humming softly, her rosary fallen at her feet, — " the Queen looked up, aud ; aid, ' 0 maiden, if indeed you list to sing- Sing1, and unbind my heart, that I may weep.' Whereat full willingly sang- the little maid, Late, late, so late ! and dark the night, and chill i Late, late, so late ! but we can enter still. Too late ! too late ! yo cannot enter now. No light had we ; for that wc do repent, And, learning this, the bridegroom will relent. Too late ! too late ! ye cannot enter now. , No light, so late ! and dark and chill the night ! 0 let us in, that we may lind tlie light ! Too late ! too late ! ye cannot enter now. Have we not heard the bridegroom is so sweet .' 0 let us in, tho' late, to kiss bus feet ! . No, no, too late 1 ye cannot enter now." Siowly the proud head had drooped, the stately figure sunk, till, as the last lament diad away, nothing remained of splendid Guinevere but a hidden face, a cloud of black hair from which the crown had f'ali-u, a hesp of rich robes quivering with the stormy sobs of a guilty woman's smitten heart. -Tun curtains closed - on tnis tableau, which was made the more effective by the strong contrast between tne despairing Queen and the little novice telling her beads iu meek dismay. " Good heavens ! that rounded like the wail of a lost soul I My blood runs cold,. aud 1 feel as. if I ought to say my prayers," muttered Canaris, with a shiver;' .for, with his susceptible temperament, music always exerted over him an almost- painful power. "If you knew any," sneered Rtdwyza whose eyes now glittered with something stronger than excitement. , " I do : Gladys taught me, and I am not ashamed to own it." " Much good may it do you," Then, in a quieter tone, he asked, " Is there any song in ' Elaine ?' I forgot ; and that is the only one we have not had." " There is ! The Song of Love ancl Death.' Gladys was learning it lately ; and, ir I remem- i. .vhii.. ...... . t u . UtSf i i&UULY; , ih v,,va a ' UUJJC illli will, not sing it, for this sort of thing is rather too much for me;" and C -maris got- up to wander aimlessly about, humming tne gayest airs he knew, as if co drown the sorrowful "Too late! tcoiate !" still wailing iu his ear. By this, time Gladys was no longer quite herself : an. inward excitement possessed her. a wild desire to sing her very heart out came over her, and a strange chili, which rue thought a vague presentiment of corning ill, crept through her -blood. Everything seemed vaBt and awful ; every sense grew-, painfully acute ; and she walked as in a dream, so vivici, vec so mysterious, that she did not try to ex plain it even to herself. Her identit? was doubled : one Gladys moved aud spoke as she was told — a pale, dim figure, of no iuterest to anyone; the other was alive iu every, fibre, thrilled with intense deEire for something, and bent on finding is, though deserts, oceans, and boundless realms of air were passed to gain it. Olivia wondered at- her unsuspected power, and felt a little envious of her enchanting gift. But she was too absorbed in " setting the stage," dressing her prima donna, aucl planning how to end the spectacle with her favourite character of Cleopatra, to do more than observe that Gladys's eyes were lumin ous and large, ber face growing more and more colourless, her manner less aud less excited, yet unnaturally calm. "This is the last, and you have the stage alone. Do your best for Felix; then you shall rest and be thanked," she whispered, somewhat anxiously, as she placed Elaine in her tower, leaning against the dark screen, which was unfolded, to suggest the casement she fluDg. back when Laitneelofc. passed below — " And glanced not up, nor waved Ms hand, Nor bade farewell, but sadly rode away." The " lily maid of Astolat" could not have looked more wan and weird than -Gladys, as she stood in her trailing robe3 of dead white, with loosely gathered locks, hands clasped over the gay bit of tapestry which simulated the cover of the shield, eyes that seemed to see something divisible to those about her, and began her song, iu a veiled voice, at once so sad and solemn, that Helwyze held his breath, and Canaris feifc as if she, called him from beyond the grave : — " Sweet is true love, tho' given in vain, in vain ; And sweet is death, who puts au cud to pain ; I know not which is sweeter, no, not I. Love, art thou sweet ? then bitter death must be ; Love, thou art bitter ; sweet is death to me. 0 love, if death be sweeter, let me die. ' Sweetlove, fchatseems not made to fade away, : Sweet death, that seems to make us loveless clay, 1 know not which is sweeter, no, not I. " - I fain would follow love, if that could be : I needs must follow death, who calls for ine : Call and I follow, I follow ! let me (lie !" ' Carried beyond self-control by .the. unsus pected presence of the drug, which was doing ite work with perilous rapidity, Gladys, remembering only that the last liue should be sung with force, and that she sung for Felix, obeyed the wild impulse to let her voice rise and ring out with a shrill, despair ing power and passion, whica startled every listener, aud echoed through -the room like Elaine's unearthly cry of hapless love and death. Olivia dropped her asp, terrified ; the maids stared, uncertain whether it was acting or insanity; and Helwyze sprung up aghast, feariug that he had dared too much. Bud Cauaris, seeing only tlia wild, woful eyes fixed on- his, the hands wrung as if in pain, forgot everything but Gladys, and rushed between the curtains, exclaiming, in real terror — " Don't look eo ! Don't sing so! My God, she is dying !" Not dying, only slipping fast into the unconscious stage of the hasheesh dream, whose coming none can foretell but those, accustomed to its use. Pale and quiet she lay in her husband's arms, with half-open eyes and fluttering breath, smiling up at him so strangely that ho was bewildered 'as well as panic-stricken. Olivia forgot her Cleo patra to order air and water ;' the maids flew for salts and wine ; Helwyze, with difficulty, hid his momentary dismay ; while Canaris, aimosfc beside himself, could only hang over the couch where lay " the lily-maid," looking as if already dead, and drifting down to Ciroelot. " Gladys, do you kno w; me ?" he cried, as a litUe colour came to her lips after the fiery draught Olivia- energetically administered. The eyes opened wider, the" smile grew brighter, and she "lifted her hand to bring, him nearer, for he seemed immeasurably distant. " Felix 1 Let me be still, quite. still; ' I want to sleep;'; Good-night; good-night." She thoughtho kusedvfaiai ; iitlien his dace receded.- vanished, and.- as she floated buoy- autly away upou the first of the many oceans: to be crossed in her mysterious quest,- a far- off voice seemed to say, \ solemnly, as if in a last farewell — '' Hush ! let her sleep in peace." It was Helwyze ; -uud, having felt her pulse, he cheerfully assured them all that she was only over-excited, must rest an hour or. two, and would so'on be quite herself again. So the brief -panic ended quietly ; aocv having lowered the lights, spread Guinevere's velvet mantle - over -her, and reassured themselves that she was' sleeping quietly, tli3 women went to restore order to ante-room aud hall, Canaris sat down to watch beside Gladys, and Helwyze betook himself uo the library. v V " Is she still sleeping ?" he askod, with unconcealablo anxisly, when Olivia joined hira there. ; : - " Like a baby. "What a high struDg little thing it is. If she had strength to bear the training, she would make a cantatrice to be proud of, Jasper;" "Ah, but she never would,! Fancy that modest creature on a stage for all the world 'to gape at. She was happiest iu the nun's crown to-nishb, though simply ravishing as Vivien. The pretty, bare feet were most effective ; but how did you persuade her to iu ?" ' . "I had no -sandal as a compromise: I therefore insisted that the pare must be so dreaded or undressed, and jshe sub muted. People u-iuallv do, when I command." " She was on her mettle : I could see that ; . and well she might be, with you for. a rival. I give yon my ';ord, Oiivia. if I did -not know you were nearly forty, I should swear it was a lie ; for ' age cannot wither Dor custom stale' inv " handsome Cleopatra. We ought to have had that, by tho by : It used to be your best bit. I couid not be your Antony, but Felix might, he. adores costuming, and would do it capitally." " Not old enough. Ah! what happy times those wore aud Olivia sighed sincerely, yec dramatically, for she knew she was looking wonderfully well, thrown down upoahi couch, with her purple skirts sweeping about her, and two fine arms banded with gold clasped over her dark head. .. Helwyze had flattered with a purpose. Canaris was in the way, Gladys might beiray herself, and all was not sife vet ; though in otic respect the experiment had succeeded adsirably, for ho stiil tingled with the excitement of- the evening. Now he wanted help, not sentiment, aud, ignoring the sigh, said, carelessly — If all (%ey when you insist, just make Felix go home with you-. The drive will do him good, for he is as nervous as a woman, audi shall have, hitn fidgeting about all night, unless he forgets his fright," " n;. v . Vl'U'j O " She will be the better for a quiet nap. and ready, by the nine he returns, to laugh at her heroics. He will only disturb her if he sits there, like a mourner at a death-bed." " That sounds sensible ana fricndlyj and you do it very veil, Jasper; but I am impressed that something is amiss. What is it ? Better tell me ; I shall surely find it out. a;:d will not work in the dark. I see mischief in your eyes, and you cannot deceive me. " Olivia spoke half in jest ; but she had so often seen his face without a mask, that it was -difficult to wear one in her. presence. He frowned, hesitated, then fearing she would refuse the favour, if he wit-held the secret, he leaned towards her and auswered iu a whisper — " I gave Gladys hasheesh, and do nob care to have Felix: know it." "Jasper! how dared you ?" " She was restless, suffering for sleep. I know what, that is, and out of pity gave her the merest taste. Upon my honour, no more than a child might safely take. She did nob know what it was, and I thought she would on'y feel its soothing charm. She would, if it bad not been for this masquerading. I did not count on that, and it was too "much for ber." " Will she not suffer from the after-effects ?' " Not a. whit, if she is let alone. An hour hence she will be delieiously drowsy, and to- morrow none the worse. I had- no idea it would affect her so powerfully ; but I do nob reget it, for it showed what the woman is capable of." " At your old tricks. You will never learu to let your fellow-creatures alone, till some thing terrible Bfcops you. You were always prying into things, even as a boy, when I caught butterflies for you to look at." " I never killed them: only brushed off a trifle of the gloss by my touch, and let them go again, none the worse, except for the loss of a few invisible feathers." "Ah! but that delicate plumage is the glory of the insect; robbed of that, its beauty is marred. No one but their Maker can search hearts without harming them. I wonder bow ib will fare with yours when He looks for its perfection ?" ' Olivia epoke with a sudden seriousness, a yearning look, which jarred on nerves already somewhat unstrung, and Helwyze answered- in a mocking tone that Bilenced her effect ually — . " I am desperately curious to know. If I can como and tell you, I will : such pious interest deserves that attention." " Heaven forbid !" ejaculated Olivia, , with a shiver. , _ " Then I will not. I have been such a poor ghost here, I suspect I shall be glad to, rest eternally when I oDce fall aBleep, if I can." .> Weary was his voice, weary his attitude, as, laoninf? an 1 hnw on - pi J fipr lr.tjp« ' li a nrrmnpri v— v v. .. v — -i.- ; f- i i (jt his chin upon his hauds, and sat brooding for a moment with his eyes, upon the ground, asking himself- for the thousandth time the great question which only, hope and faith can answer truly. - - - Olivia roEe. " You are tired ; so am I. Good-night, Jasper, and pleasant dreams. But remember, no more tampering with Gladys, or I must tell her husband." " 1 have had my lesson; Take Felix with you, and I will send Mrs. Bland to sit with her till he comes - back. Good-night, my cousin: thanks, for a glimpse of the old times." Such words, uttered with. a pressure of the hand, conquered Olivia's last- .scruple, aud she went away to prefer her request iu a form which made it impossible for Canaris to refuse., Gladys still slept ; quietly. The distance was not loDg, the fresh air grateful, Olivia her kindest self, and , he obeyed, believing that the motherly old woman would take hiB place as soon as certain house wifely duties permitted. Then Helwyze did an evil thiDg — a thing few men: could or would have done. He deliberately violated tbe sanctity of a human soul, robbing it alike of its mos 5 'secret and most precious thoughts. Hasheesh had lulled the senses which guarded the treasure; now the magnetism of a potent will force the reluctant lips to give up the key. Like a thief he stole to Gladys' side, took in his the dimpled bauds whoso very child ishness should have pleaded for her, and fixed his eyes upon the face before him, un touched by its helpless innocence, its un natural expression. The half-open eyes were heavy as dew-druukeu violets, the sweet red month waa set, the agitated bosom still rose and fell, like a troubled sea subsiding after storm. \- So sitting, Btern aud silent as the fate he .believed in, Helwyze concentrated every power upon the accomplishment of the: puvpoEe-tOvwhich he bent his will. He called it vp-sychological curiosity ; ffor nob even .to ' himselfididiliedare .confess the tnte'. meaning of the impulse which drove him to this acs. "and dearly did he pay for it.- . Soon the passive palms thrilled in his own, the breath came faint' and slow,- colour died, ;aud- life seemed to recede from the count enance, leaving a pale effigy of the woman ; lately so full of vitality. " It works ! it works !" muttered Helwyze lifting his head at length to : wipe the dampness from his . brow, and send a piercing glance about the 'shadowy room. Then, kneeling down beside the couch, he put' hislips to her ear, whisper ing in a tone of still command — ." ". Gladys, do' you hear -me ?" Like the echo of a voice, so low, expres sionless; and distant was it, the answer came — . > . . .; V I hear." - - / ' " "Will you answer me ?" "I must." - - " You have a sorrow — tell it." " All is so - false. I am unhappy .without confidence," sighed the voice. " Can you trust no cue ?" " No one here, but Felix." " Yet he deceives he does not love you." " He will." " Is, this the hope which sustains you ?" " Yes." And you forgive, you love him still?" "Always." - "If the hope fails?" "It will not: I shall have help." ... ... " What lfelp ?" No answer now, but the shadow of a smile Geemed to float across the silent lips as if re flected from a joy too deep and tender for speech to tell. "Speak! what is ibis happiness? The hope of freedom?" " .'It will come." "How?" "When yon die.!! He caught li33 brep.th and for au instant Feemed daunted by the truth he had evoked ; for it was terrible,; so told, so heard. " You hate me, theu ?" he whispered almost fiercely, in the ear that never shrank from his hot lips. " I doubt and dread you." "Why, Gladys, why ? To you I am not cruel." " Too kind, alas, too kind I" " And yet you fear me ?" " God help us. Yes." " What is your four ?" " No, no, I will not tell it !" Some iuvvard throe of shame or anguish turned the pale face paler, knotted the brow, and locked the lips, as if both soul and body revolted from the thought thus ruthlessly dragged to light. Instinct, the first, last, strongest impulse of human nature, struggled blindly to save the woman from betraying the dread which haunted her heart like a spectre, and burned hr lips in the utterance of its T? t TJ.,Lw.,r»n rrft r rkirllnftB llto trill xhi'j aat-l >v j vv ao xna >xix indomitable; his eye held, his hand controlled, his voice commanded; and the answer came, so reluctantly, so inandi'oly, that he seemed to divine, not hear it. "What fear?" " Your love." " You see, you know it, then ?" " I do nob see, I vaguely feel ; I pray God I may never know." With tho involuntary recoil of a guilty joy, a shame as' great, Helwyze dropped the nerveless hands, turned from the mutely accusing face, let the troubled spirit rest, and asked no more. But his punishment began as he stood there, fiudiDg the stolen truth a heavier burden than baffled doubt or desire had been ; since forbidden knowledge was bitter to the taste, forbidden love possessed no sweetness, and the hidden hope, putting off its well-worn disguise, confronted him in all its ugliness. An awesome silence filled the room, until he lifted up his eyes, and looked at Gladys with a look which would have wrung her heart could she have seen it. . She did not see; for she lay there so still, so white, so dead, he seemed to have scared away the soul he had vexed with his impious questioning. In remorseful haste, Helwyze busied him self about her, till she woke from that sleep within a eleep, moaned wearily, closed the unseeing eyes, and drifted awav into more matural slumber, dream-haunted, but deep aud quiet. Ttien he stole away aa he had come, and, sending the old woman to watch GladyB, shut himself into his own room, to keep a vigil which lasted until dawn ; for all the poppies of the East could nob have brought oblivion that night. XIV. It seemed as if some angel had Gladys in especial charge, bringing light out of dark ness, joy out of sorrow, good out of evil ; for no harm came to her-only a great peace, which transfigured her . face till it was as spiritually beautiful as that of some young Madonna; "Waking late the next day Blie remembered little of the past night's events, and cared to remember little, having clearer and calmer thoughts to dwell upon, happier dreams to enjoy. She suspected Helwyze of imprudent kindnesB, bub utterpd no reproach, quite unconscious of how much she had to forgive ; thereby innocently adding to both -the relief, and the remorse he felt. The doubt and dread which hHd risen to the surface at His command, seemed- to sink again into the depths ; and hope and love, to still- the troubled waters where her life-boat rode at anchor for a time. (To be continued. ; : 