In Memoriam. ! JOHN BE DE P O L D I N Cr. A EBQUIBM. WE weep not for the holy dead. Whom God bath called from off the earth, To where the sacred Heavens outspread Receive him for his newer birth. But jubilant, we raise our song Of praise, to Him who takes His own To where the happy angels throng In bliss around the great white throne. When, in the fulness of the yearB of time, God's servants pass the splendour of their prime. And walking reverent down life's deathward slope, Still heavenward look with eyes of faith and hope, His angels guide their footsteps day by day, And through death's mists of darkness shew the ray Which o'er Eternity's dim wave doth shine, The lode-star of their future life divine, And o'er their dying moments hovering, fling Dim gleams of light from each celestial wing. Lo ! his life is at its ending ! Lo ! the seraph saints descending! Whilst the heavenly harps are blending With e&rth;'B prayerful praise, ascending, Sweetest music, which can riso Through the silent tether skies, Fast the spaces angel-trod, Up unto the throne of God, Murmuring round the f eeb of Christ, Echoed by tbe lips of angels And the glorified evangels. Hallelujah! hallelujah! hallelujah! to the Highest! For a good man's life is done, For another soul is won. From earth's trials purified, Unto Him, the Cruoified ! Hallelujah ! hallelujah ! echo all the Heavenly Host ! Kow Eternity's calm sun Lights his real life begun; He, the hair of all the ages, Now receives his heavenly wages, Freed from time, and sin, and death, Blissful every future breath ! Hallelujah ! hallelujah! echo all the Heavenly Host! Glory unto God the Father, to the Son, and Holy Ghost ! Life's closest kinship 'a sorrow's brotherhood ! There is BO glory like to doing good, And God's best soldier is the one who dries With tenderest sympathy affliction's eyes. There is no sect tn sorrow ! and he felt With equal heart for Saxon, Gael, or Celt, And Catholic in his kindness as his creed. Whene'er he served the poor or suffering's need, A eked not what path to Heaven they stumbling trod, But gave his offering in the name of God ! The one All-Father of all creeds and cries, For through all change Religion never dies ; And in its holy name throughout all time, Earth's life has grown to be a life sublime, With saints and martyrs, who, all self-suppressed, Have given their lives to see man's wrongs redressed, And counted death and torture as no loss, If souls were saved, and glorified the Cross. ' Since all the ages of the world began, Since God first stamped His image upon man, And gave him rule o'er all the things of earth, There have been natures, noble from their birth, Born to self sacrifico and brotherhood With all that lives and suffers, doing good With all their strength, through all their length of days, And living only for their Maker's praise, Not with lip words, but with their soul's full might, ' j Shewing their weaker brethren where the light Of great Eternity shines o'er the deep Of doubt and darkness, shrouding life's last sleep The arch priests of humanity, who trod, With faithful footsteps, daily nearer God, And made thin earth a stepping-stone to rise From earth's first life to life beyond its skies. We trust, oh brethren ! suoh is he, who now Sleeps his last sleep, with such a placid brow That surely there the press of angel fingers, Which closed his eyelids, lovingly yet lingers ! And though his mortal dust pale death enshrouds, His BOUI celestial soars above earth's clouds, And, angel-guided, wings its certain way, From time, and night, and death, to endless day. R. A. Sydney, Marón 17,1877. A novel action was heard in the District Court, on Thursday afternoon, in which a solicitor's clerk, named Lee, sought to recover £30 from the Clarence and Richmond Uiver Steam Navigation Company, for breach of an asreement to take him (Lee) from the Macleay River to Sydney in one of their steamers. The company pleaded-firstly, not guilty; secondly, that from the contract made, the defendants were discharged by the hand of God, namely, that the state of the bar of the harbour at the Macleay prevented the passage of the Bteamer, and thirdly, that there was a mutual rescission of the contract and a new one agreed to. Thejevidence showed that about the middle of August, last year, Lee went to the company's office and paid £5 for a return tioket to the Macleay River. On his arrival at the Macleay hiver, he left the steamer, and transacted what busines« he had to do in the district. By the ad vertisements in the papers, and by an understanding with the company, when the tioket was paid for, Lee was led to believe that he could return to Sydney on Wednesday, the 23rd of August. On that day (August 23) Lee ascertained from Mr. Ferguson, the agaat for the company, at Kempsey, that there would be no boat that day as the bar was unorossable and that the Bteamer Ballina, the usual Bteamer, had gone to the Clarence so as not to Vie kept idle waiting for the bar to become crossable. Thereupon Lee sent telegrams to the company com plaining of the hardships he suffered by being detained from his work, OB well as incurring great expense. Tho company, in reply, agreed to refund him £2, and that he could return to Sydney by the steamer that would leave Port Macquarie on the 27th, tho following Sun day. On Saturday Lee engaged a horse and rode from Kempsey to Port Macquarie, where on the Sunday he embarked on board the steamer and was brought to Sydney. Lee now clumed £30 for loos of time, hotel expenses, &a;, occasioned by his de tention from the "Wednesday to the Sunday following. HÍB Honor Mr. District Court Judge Dowling held that the plaintiff had not made ou*-- any spécial contract with the defendants, and even if he had done PO, the defen dants wre prevented by the act of God from fulfilling the same. Mr. Simpson, instructed by Mr. George Evans, appeared for the plaintiff, and on his Honor i saying he would g'.ve a verdict for the defendants, | stated that the plaintiff elected to be nonsuited. A j nonsuit was then entered. Mr. Piloher, instructed by Messrs. Daintrey and Chapman, appeared for défen dante, 