THE CONTRIBUTOR. THE N. PAPERS. No. XIV. When an epigrammatic Frenchman wrote eententiously, aftertheFrenchmanner, "his tory repeats itself," he thought that be had, at all events, said something which was new. if he bad not uttered something that was beyond doubt true. He was notaware,'not|being given, perhaps, to a very cloBe study of his Bible, that he was merely repeating the words of Solomon, written more than a thousand years ago, in those days when the world seemed to be fall of vanity, and the eye had ceaeed to be satisfied with seeing, and the ear was no longer filled with hearing. Every Sun. day-school scholar knows that Solomon said, " the thing that hath been, it is that which shall be; and that which is done, is that which shall be done." In other words, his tory repeats itself in small, even as in great things, and there is nothing which we can say is altogether different from what has been. Bat history repeats itself with a dif ference. Tennjeon asserts that "no two dreams are like," despite the old gossips, who have discovered signs and portents in the dreaming of the same dream three nights running; and the chanceB are in favour of the poet, who has probably observed more closely than the old women, albeit they may bave claimed to see fnrther into a mill-stone than other folks. In like manner we may be certain tbat history does not repeat itself precisely, though it may in the broad outline!) tor there are no two revolutions exactly alike; and no two great events which are, as the lawyers say, all fours with each other. Science has, however, many more marvels than politics or sociology, and it is wonderful to see how some of the things upon which the moderns pride themselves were known to tbeix remote ancestors, though not known in what may be called an effective sense. Scarcely anything can be mentioned which somebody has not foreseen long before it came to be recognised as among the great truths wrung from Nature by the labours of adenoe. The Copemican system was taught by Pytha goras ; gravity was guessed at before the days of Newton, and seems to have been under stood by Shakspeare; and even the wonderful spectrum analysis is stated to have been dis covered oeny years before it came to be recog nised asamongst (he most wonderful of scien tific wonders. Tennyson thought that he had done a good stroke of business when he made bis disappointed lover call on his mother age to " Rift the hillg and roll the waten, fl«sh the lightning weigh the eun but she can do a great deal more than that, for the son is not only weighed, but made to yield np some of the secrets of its construction. What is,new is not so much the absolute perception of great truths aa the effective perception of them by the scientific world. It would seem that the way has to be pre pared. There are times when the moat fertile seed falls upon the stony ground and never gets a chance to grow, like the wheat found in the mummy cases, which some folks believe did germinate after we know not how many thousands of yeam. Even the world of science, so free from many of the prejudices and the blindness of the unedu cated, appears to be unable to perceive great truths all at once, and thus passes by the gem and scratches in the dung-hill, after the fashion of the cock in the faUe which is older than come of the hills in the world. Yet this oock, so often held up to the scorn of boys and girls, and children who have got into what those terrible American ladies call "a dual garmenting," was not a fool after all. He simply minded his own busi ness and panned his search for what he wanted. His complaint was hanger, not the feminine one, the love of fine array, and he sought the pleasant medicine for his very ordinary disease. Can we say as much for man, for the searchers after troth, for those who are trying to wrest her secrets from Nature, for the learned divine who strives to penetrate the secrets of eternity, for the hermit in his cell fighting strenuously against the flesh which is the devil, for the martyr at the stake, or the prelate layinj; down bis laws and dealing damnation rouui. tbe land? Man wants the jewel, yet scratches in the dung.hilL Not, however, because he sees the gem and knows not ibs value, but because he is a creature which can only see a certain limited distance, and can only perceive certain things under certain con ditions. He is afflicted with a sort of mental colonr-blindness which prevents him dis covering at certain periods well-marked diffe rences, which are visible to those whose sight is absolutely clear. Pope Bays"AU seems infected that the infected spy," bat he forgets that every mother's son and daughter of us is infected with some sort of disease which, alas! may be the very thing we pride ourselves most upon. The mind's eye, wherein Hamlet discerned his father, is a wonderfully sensitive organ, and requires no end of diligent training to prevent! ts seeing not that which is, but that which is not The Queen tells Hamlet" All that is I see," though she could not see the ghost, and, wiser thau i some modern critics, cried out, "Alas! he's mad." Now, all that is, is precisely what nobody sees, any more than any one hears all that is to be heard. The artist sees hundreds of things which the most keen-sighted ob servers untrained never discover, and the musician hears Bounds which the ordinary hearer never can hear at alL How many persons, for example, can hear those sub. tones which are to be heard when any instrument is being played, and which serve to give its particular character? Some musicians knew of these sounds many years ago, but it is only recently that Professor Tyndall has demonstrated their existence, and shown the various points at which they are produced. An artist not only sees that a certain thing is, but he sees why it is. He discovers how the various forms are made up, and he can reproduce them, just as a musician can analyse an air, and read or write it on a piece of paper as though it was being played. These are specialities. As a rule, the great bulk of even the educated portion of mankind can only perceive under certain circumstances, and thus it comes about that principles are stated and forgotten, and then revived as wonderful discoveries long after, and are really in the nature of new things. Lo! Wisdom cries in the street and no one heeds it unless it happens to cry at a particular time or in a particular manner. If science is so blind, what right have we to expect a power of perception on the part of the great bulk of the world, which is neither logical nor scientific! Even if the maBs could perceive, we ought not to expect that correct deductions would be made from the facts discerned. Reasoning is an art, not an instinct. All the care that the most acute can exercise will not always save them from being caught in the web of a fallacy, or from dedncing the wrong conclusion from the right premises. Correct reasoning de pends, too, upon the state of the health. Gibbon Bays that habitual courage is a ques tion of nerves; and habitual logic is a ques tion of stomach, which affects alike the nerves and the brain. He is really a clever boy who knowB how many blue beans make five; ai.d he is a clever man who never by any chance makes the number more or less than it should be. _ After all, despite the flashing of the lightning, and the weighing of the eun, man is very Blow to learn, and re quires a simple truth to be got into his head by a surgical operation. What is worse, when the truth is got in by eome means or other, theis is great difficulty in keeping it there and still more in preventing its being mixed up and jumbled with a hundred falsehoods, any one of which is sufficient to deprive the truth of its power to precipitate the false. Consider bow many parsons are preaching, how many authors writing, how many school masters teaching, how many lecturers lec turing, and how many parents admonishing, and yet how very little is accomplished after all. The difficulty is to make both the young and the old see, or seeing once to keep after* wards in sight. This is really the burden of nine-tenths of the preaching which goes on, and there is an incessant iteration of the same thing by both the parson and the moralist. " Do you not see," they keep on crying out, " that what you are doing is folly ? Do you not know that the present pleasure means after pain, and that it is better to lose the world than your soul?" The listeners reply" Of course we know; we are agreed with you, and never had a doubt upon the subject." Then they go away and do j net as if they did not know, could not see, and bad altogether failed to understand. We do not allow sufficiently for the struggle for ayf> tenoe. It is said to be true of plants that th^y do not grow in the soil bestsuited to them, but in the soil where other plants do not over master them, and this may also be said to be true of by far the larger portion of mankind. It may be true that man muet live, but it is certainly true that he will live if he can, and be will live at the expense of any of his faculties or bis aspirations. By far the larger portion of the world can devote little earnest thought to anything bat the best method of getting s living, and this is why so many very evident matten are not generally perceived or acted upon, and why professional teachers of all kinds have to keep on repeating tbe flame tbingsdayafterday, year afteryear, generation after generation. When Boswell remarked that it was a pity that so much of the dm* of so many men was devoted to money Dr. Johnson answered that it was about the best way in which they could be employed. Some truth there is in this, perhaps . great deal of truth, for it is douDttul if the gene rality of men could do better than look after their own Interests, but the fact remains that the pursuit not so much of wealth as a living, which is ft very different matter, is one cause why great truths are not discovered, .and why the great faculty of perceiving is so little cultivated. What could be accom plished by its cultivation it is quite impossible to guess. Robert Houdin, the great con juror, trained his son to master the whole contents of a shop window at a glance, and he declared that ladies oould master the details of each other's dress in the same manner. No doubt, if tbe mind was trained for generations,, there might be produced a race of beings who oould see and keep in mind very much more than is possible to us, bnt it is a consolation to remember that much of the pleasure ana happiness of life oonsists in not seeing many things and in not hearing . B»atideal that is said. 8till, that great principles should go unperceived for genera, tions u somewhat perplexing. 