THE ELECTIONS IN NEW SOUTH WALES. AT this distance from the scene of contest, it is impossible to say at present what effect in a general sense the results of the general elections in New South Wales will have on the legislation of that colony, but we are rather inclined to infer from surface or outward indications, that in the policy of the majority there will be no radical change on any question of grave importance. There is only one with regard to which we have any misgivings, and to it we shall refer hereafter. In its composition the new Assembly will n.jt dil^ r very materially from the old one, unless, indeed, in the elections stiil to take place the candidates looking to the constituencies for a renewal of confidence are more unfortunate than their fellow members of the old House have been. The list of returned members so lar as it has been filled up as we now write is as favourable to the tried members as could have been expected, and though some of these are men at whose success we cannot rejoice, they are, in a majority of cases, preferable to the aspirants by whom they were opposed. In these elections New South Wales has had a new experience. A class of men whose ambition never previously rose to the height of a seat in the legislature came forward on this occasion, and with the aid of only a few enthusiastic supporters made almost as much noise at their meetings, and at the hustings, as the Chinese create when they are engaged in the ceremony of frightening away evil spirits. But the tactics these new men adopted were not at all so successful as similar devices have been in this colony. The democratic mind in the sister colony is not yet imbued with an aversion to wealth and free-trade. The squatter is not there an object of distrust and dislike, and the population has not been seized with a blindness to their own interests on fiscal questions. Evidences of healthy growth and prosperity so abundantly surround, the people of New South Wales, in town and country, they were altogether unprepared to accept the Victorian notions recommended by Mr. Graham Berry. They are content in that respect to let well alone, and if they should at a later date become spoiled by prosperity, the experience of this colony will then prevent them from rashly following its example. At the general elections in New South Wales it does not seem that any great questions were at issue. The crisis arose rather from personal contentions than from a contest of principles, and the elections have been fought;out: in ,the:former spirit. The countty: had-been toid.that its -veteran leaders .had? grown ^useless as well as grey In its rserviccj and that they should hBrforoedtotfotira as they declinedto'"do *o Tolnntarifr. Tliey were ippreseflted^siiBh^^rj^ceBWi the body pblitidWatShottldbe ^ ^ d ^ as drags qn the Sta^e coach, or rpara^te chaffies alternations of good and bad fortune, now one on the treasury benches., then the other, but t-cldom undone else, and never another for any length of time. It was ever Pmkes or llobertson, and people becsune tired of this constant change in which there was no variety. In al:uost every fluctuation one or other of these gentlemen was borne to power, nnd this game of in-and-out has been so long confined to the leaders, that people began to ask themselves whether the colony really could do without either or both of tlicm. The late Assembly was unable to determine which of the two it should have. If the House had any preference it was unable to give effect to it,and so it became necessary to consult the country on the very important questions so raised. These were, whether it should have Parkes or llobertson, or discard both, and effect a revolution by electing another chief. What the result of the appeal is we do not as yet know, but we imagine that the gentleman who wasevery thing by turns and nothing long—that is, Sir Henry Parkes—has no reason to be pleased with it. Though East Sydney ungratefully rejected him, and he was so much hurt at its ingratitude that he declared his intention to retire from public life into the bosom of his family, he will take his seat for another constituency in the new Parliament, if there was not more •virtue in his resolution than could be considered characteristic of him. Whether there was or not will very soon appear; but whatever Sir Henry's decision may be, he will find that unless he is prepared to raise another ghost he cannot hope to form a party strong enough to once again storm the Treasury with success. If Sir Henry Parkes were to adhere to the moderation with which he has shaped his policy as his popularity was declining, he would possess but little influence in the new Parliament; b:;t he will be tempted to depart from it, and, beset by temptation of the k ; .ri<l, no reliance can be placed in him. The only misgiving we have, v:;h regard to the results of the elections, relates to the Education Question ; and, from the temporising manner in which Sir Henry has always drait with that subject, it is uncertain bj.T he would oct if lie could defeat a rival, and gain place and pay, by yielding to the demand of the party who, in the sister colony, are clamouring for a godless system such as obtains here. He has not been strong enough in his own convictions or integrity to resist assaults on the denominational schools, and we much fear that he would be weak enough to give them up altogether if, by doing so, he could serve his own purposes. The Education Question has not been a test one at the elections, but it has been in many cases proposed to candidates for an expression of their views, and these, where given, were almost invariably unfavourable to the existing system. Fjom these circumstances we augur unfavourable consequences, and should regret that any temptation were thrown in the way of Sir Henry Parkes to regain power by sacrificing the denominationalists. We much fear that the temptation •would be too strong for him, and that it would, under those circumstances, be in his power to do considerable mischief. In its free-trade views the elder colony seems confirmed. The men •who offered Victorian notions, bearing the stamp of Mr. Graham Berry, were few, and they were in almost every case rejected. There will not be in the new Assembly one thorough going Protectionist. In the Australian Journal for the current month, " Templeside," a tale well begun, reveals, in chapters six to sine inclusive, the groundwork of the story, and secures {he interest-of thfereaderin the fortunes of the peoplewho have been jnst introduced to his notice. The contents • of this number are varied and good, ample provision being made for the' instruction ana amusement'ofthe gobscribfera. '' '' ' ' .•'•' THE election tor Bbariey'toiik ^jilace' on Friclay, 2nd inst/,-' tiixd Hr. Gillies was the tnnoMgfnl -ffli^Hittff.• Theexact numbers of votes polled were—Gillies, 1546; Shackell, 1428. A Government Gazette Extraordinary, pub lished on Monday, notifies that the Governor, •with the advice of the Executive Council, has been pleased to appoint the under- mentioncd gentlemen to be classifiers under the Land Tax Act, 1877, viz.:—Mr. Jacob Brahe, Northcote; Mr. William Bourne Say, Melbourne; Mr. William Edward Ivey, Melbourne ; Mr. Robert Scott, Wyndham ; Mr. . John Nightingale, Castlemaine; Mr. James Harvey, Murgheboluc, vice Mr. Richard Harvey. The Government have determined (the Age says) that the first lines of new railway for the construction of which tenders will be called shall be those from Stawell to Horsham and from Dunolly to St. Arnaud. One of the provisions of the contract will be that a portion of each line is to be opened for traffic in time for the next harvesting season. We are advised that the Glenlyon, Franklin, and Daylesford Agricultural Society's show, which is to be held at Glenlyon, has been postponed from the Gth to the 20th March next. A roBT- orricE has been opened at Strathdownie East, near Caeterton, and a postoffice savings bank at Kerang. A court op rBTir SESSIONS isj to be held at Bet bangs, and a county court at Nagambie. ' The births registered in Melbourne and the suburbs during the month of September were 722, and the deaths 354. During the week ending 27th October, in the same districts, the births were 142, and the deaths 80. The annual exhibition of the National Agricultural Society was opened on Wednesday afternoon, at the show-yards, St. Kilda road, and promised to be a moBt successful affair. The entries were numerous, and nearly all classes of exhibits were well represeated. Horses and cattle were unusually strong in numbers, and tally up to the mark in quality, most of the leading breeders exhibiting. The machinery and implements made a fine display, the exhibits being more numerous than on any previous occasion. Tiie Post-office Robbeey.—At the City Police Court, on Wednesday morning, the young man, James Toung, lately employed as a mail clerk in the General Post-office, was charged on remand with stealing two letters from the press at which he was engaged in the Melbourne Post-office on the 30th ult. The bench decided to send the case to a jury, and the prisoner was committed accordingly. Bail was allowed in two sureties of £100 each. Stabbing Case.—It is said in the Herald of Wednesday evening :—Information was received in town this afternoon to the effect that the prisoner who is well known as Captain Moonlight, and is confined in the Pentridge Stockade, had this morning stabbed a fellow-prisoner. No particulars were obtainable up to the time of going to press, but the impression conveyed by the information to hand was that the wound was a serious one. 