PRESBYTERIAN CHUBCH OF ' SOUTH AUSTRALIA. . The annual meeting* of the Presbytery of South Australia was held in the class-room of Flinders-street Church on Tuesday, May lj the Rev. P.Maclaren, Moderator, presiding. Thrae ?were present Messrs. Gordon, . Lyall, " . Davidson, J. Henderson, MacBean, J. Davidson, Mitchell, J. Henderson, and Angas, ministers; with Messrs. Murray, Lyon, Macfarlane, McCoull, Anderson, Gooding, and Matthew, elders. The meeting was opened by the usual devotional exercises, after which the xninute3 01 last meetings were read and sustained. Commissions in favour of Messrs. McCoull and P. Miller, as Representative Elders from the congregations of Chalmers Church and Mount Pleasant respectively, were read and sustained. . \- An apology for absence was received from Mr. Law. MODERATOR'S ADDRESS. The retiring Moderator, the Kev. P. MAC LABKN, then delivered the annual address. He said-Fathers and Brethren-Even were it nfinaT to commence such an address as this by indiscriminate and defiant laudation of our selves or our system, it would be, I think, dne to faithfulness and truth to depart from the custom at the present time. Happily there is no such custom among us, oar common wish being that our sphere of labour^ should be soberly considered our action therein seriously and as in the sight of God reviewed, and our apparatus and equipment brought under our notice, that any requisite amendments may be made. We nln.im to be a constituent portion of the Church of Christ on earth. We exist for the purpose of extending and developing on earth the rule of the King of the kingdom of heaven. That that kingdom may come, that ourselves and others may be brought into , and kept in its righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost, and thus His will be done on earth as it is in heaven, ' is the sole purpose and justification of our union as a Church. It is not lawful for us to forget this-it is not safe ; we shall die, as we deserve to die, if we aim at any meaner ends. Our sphere of labour is one of the noblest and most promising on the face of the earth. Upon us, in our measure, depends the future of what will surely become at no distant date a great nation. It is still in its childhood, but with such wisdom on the whole and with such good fortune has its growth been fostered, that scarcely any province of this empire, or of any other, can equal it. Our soil yields abundantly all precious things, our climate is excellent,^our laws are just and fair, and our social tone is high; this country needs but God's blessing upon Christ's Gospel to give it unexampled felicity. To be instrumental in conveying to South Aus tralia this crowning gift of God is our high and honourable calling. The consideration of our past action as a Church in this vocation is not flattering. Influential men, Presbyterians, by ancestry and education, of a race distin guished for enterprise and energy, are to be found everywhere in the province. It argues either strange apathy on their- part or on ours that our congregations are so few in number and so slowly increasing. We see with self rebuke that other denominations are increasing the number of their congregations much more quickly than we are doiDg. W e do not grudge them their success; God speed them more and more in the work which they and we have in common; but the comparison of our activity with theirs ought to stir us to a generous emula tion. How comes it that the_ Presbyterian Church is so nearly standing still, while the population is rapidly increasing, and other denominations increasing in proportion. We cannot imagine that the hindrance is in our form of Church government. Theoretically, that is perfect. Almost all the improvements made by other denominations of late years have been approximations to our system: and such imitation is the most effective praise. The very latest outcry for ecclesiastical change, one from a very unexpected quarter, the English Ritualists, is for something like early Presby terianism; John Knox might have written the piogramme for it. What can be more clearly reasonable than our fundamental principle as laid down in the Second Book of Discipline ? This, namely (chap, ii.)," The whole policy of the Church consisteth in three things, viz.--in doctrine, discipline, and distribution. With doctrine is annexed the administration of the sacraments" (both being Divine instruction the one visible, the other audible), " and, according to the parts of this division, ariseth a threefold sort of officers in the Church, viz., of ministers or preachers, Elders or Governors, and Deacons or distributors 5 and all these may be called by a general word ministers of the Church." Upon this basis, at different times, have been built structures con siderably differing; at one time Superinten dents, with functions resembling the episcopal, were admitted; and at a later period the Deacon's office was disused. Elders or Managers performing the duties of it; but the principle stands unchallenged for ever. One office which was of great benefit to the early Reformed Church of Scotland we have unfortunately dropped-that of the Reader. The place _ he | filled was taken after the Second Reformation, and especially after the Westminster Assembly, by the Probationer. The place of the proba tioner was thus legalized by the Directory for Public Worship:-" Such as intend the Ministry may occasionally both read the word and exercise their gifts in preaching in the congrega ! tion, if allowed by the Presbytery thereunto." I trust it is not going beyond my commission I when I humbly suggest that the* ancient and honourable office of Reader, or locsil preacher, might be with advantage revived among us, as eminently suited to our thinly-populated ; districts. It seems to be a thing we need, the absence of which has hindered tis in oar mission. Were God to grant, in answer to our prayer, a goodly number of zealous and devout Readers, much unused talent would be usefully employed, and much good might be done. The able periodical of the Episcopal Church here has shown recently the value of the lay readers in their communion, and all can see the immese service local preachers lender to the Wesleyans, Congregationalists, and Baptists. The danger to which the Standard points, of congregations resting satisfied with lay readers when a little effort would secure tire costlier but preferable services of a settled minister, we should not much fear. Our people are not so readily satisfied. Our doubt is whether their judgments would not be too severe; whether they would not actually discourage the .efforts of men whose gifts and goodwill would pass muster elsewhere, though not adequately filling _ the place of fully educated pastors. Certainly, however, we must do something towards the supply of ordinances in places where a settled ministry cannot yet be maintained. It has been suggested that our " cast-iron rigidity" has been our bane. There may be some truth in this; but the fault is not in our system, which is sufficiently elastic, but in ourselves. Our people are not fond of change. This conser vatism has its advantages. Any one who desires to ascertain the doctrines or aims of the Reformation will by common suffrage most readily find them among us. Of this conser vatism we are not ashamed: we do not invite though we can put up with change. The ; use of instrumental music in the service of | God is an example of this. Our churches were the last to admit it; and they resisted it till tbey could resist no longer. We neither apologize for their conservatism in resisting nor for their commcn sense in yielding ; each was right enough in its place. Sunday-schools were in like manner resisted for a. time, slid hymns also. We do not blush at the remembrance of either conSict; there was much to be said on both sides, and the consequences of the changes have not been all gain. The patrons of Sunday schools may be astonished to hear that their in troduction has Dot been pure gain; but when we remember that fireside instruction has almost died out we could almost wish parents would make conscience of teaching their own children instead of sending them to Sunday-schools. As it is, parental instruction being now unlikely, we are not only content but thankful for Sunday-schools. For change for mere changing's sake we have no liking. For the outcry for liberty of opinion we have as little. We are glad that a potent voice like Sir." Gladstone's has been recently put forth in behalf of deference to authority, especially the authority of wise and devout men of past days, whose judgments have stood many a severe criticism and survived all. We say that men have not liberty to think about religion, but it is their duty to think, as having to answer to God for tbeir opinions. God alone is lord of the con science, but He is lord of the conscience of man. An honest man may come to think other wise than he has been taught, but he ought not to lift his face with the swagger of indolent and insolent mutiny, so common with the ignorant and unstable, crying that he is fi-ee to think, but will seriously and earnestly protest that he is hound to think as he does. We desire freedom to hear what God saitb, and to do what He bids and we. have that freedom to the full as citizens and as Christians. As Christian teachers we have that liberty too, but not without limits. It must not be forgotten that the freedom of the pulpit unrestrained, would mean the oppres sion of the people; and we no more wish the people to be bound to listen to all tiie way ward speculations of a minister than we wisii tie preacher to be subjected to the dictation of S -crotchety people.'Both ambumI; hnrvrw' when leand their common benefit. We are never again likely to be crashed by too much law or tormented bya theological inquisition. We are fir more likely to sicken and day ? ourselves by wantohnessof lawless licence. Thesfca-tistics of the (Jharch-as compared with past years, show progress, but not what withonr system we might liave looked j for. Onr changes have not been many." . One I 1 important charge has had to resign'its minister that he_ might do his Master service in the University. We might regret the change for the sake of the congregation, but they and we must acquiesce in his choice of a sphere of such wide influence and of such vase Impor tance to the colony. "We trust that God is giving the people a minister such as they may reasonably expect, and that His blessing may make the new minister successful. Another of onr ministers, who supplied two charges, has relinquished one of them, to devote his attention to the other. Two of our congregations, are at present enjoying the efficient services of esteemed brethren from the Congregationalisms. A fine field has been entered, and a new congre gation formed in this city, and by God's kind providence supplied witb a minister acceptable and experienced. The grand obstacle to our progress is the difficulty of obtaining ministers. The Churches at home, from which we have been wont to draw oar supplies^ nave themselves the same difficulty, and are no longer able to help us as we could wish. We are certainly not yet able to provide ministers for ourselves by the establishment of a theolo gical halL We may therefore heartily thank God for the establishment of Union College, which holds out the only, hope of supplying our wants. On its efficiency and prosperity much depends, and it claims urgently the prayers of us all, and such prompt and liberal aid as our people can give. Contrary to ail our anticipa tions, the current session has opened with a larger attendance of students than it has had since the establishment of the University. Mr Angas's generous offer of £1,000 additional on a like sim being contributed by the united de nominations we earnestly hope will be met in a kindred spirit by our congregations and our wealthier members. Having put forth our own strength, we shall then be able to appeal to Him who has engaged to Bend a bountiful blessing upon our efforts. In conclusion, we can praise God for our brotherly love. Amidst all regrets for our shortcomings, surely we have in this a token for good. Henceforth, as hitherto, may our Presbytery be as a city at unity within itself. It is my privilege to nominate as my successor the Bev. Eobert Mitchell, for whom I crave your loving respect. The Moderator's proposal having received the support of the Presbytery, Mr. Mitchell took the chair, and delivered an address expressive of the honour which had been conferred upon him and his confidence in the sympathy and support of his brethren. A cordial vote of thanks to the retiring Moderator for his valuable address was carried on the motion of Mr. W. DAVIDSON, seconded bv Mr. MACBEAN. GEN-ERA! BUSINESS. Mr. Lyn.ll tendered Ms resignation of the office Clerk, but was induced to withdraw it on the urgent representation of several members of Presbytery. Mr. W. DAVIDSON reported on his visit to Koolunga, Yacka, and other places in the Northern Areas in February last. He had preached to good congregations, and had been gratified by the interest in the cause manifested by the people. Mr. Mitchell was appointed to visit the dis trict during the present quarter. Mr. LTALL reported that the Kev. A. Scales had commenced his duties atBelalie and Jarnes I town on the first Sunday of March. NORTH ADELAIDE CHURCH. j Mr. HENDERSON reported that he hid taken steps in conjunction with Mr. Jarvie for the formation of the Church at North Adelaide. After preaching a sermon he had delivered au address upon the principles of the Church, had then taken the names of 17 persons desirous of being _ united, and by solemn prayer formed them into a church under the Presbytery, and pven them suitable exhortations. On the fol lowing Sabbath the ordinance of the Lord's Supper was observed, when 28 communicants -were seated at the Lord's Table. Mr. Henderson also xeporfced receipt of letter from Mr. Jarvie, which he laid upon the table with reference to the church at North Adelaide, and to his intended visit to Melbourne, seeking to have the pulpit supplied. " Mr. Maclabkn proposed-"That this letter be held in rctentis, and that Messrs. J. Davidson, .J-.Henderson, and McCoull be appointed a Com mittee to act as they may think necessary in the meantime." Seconded by Mr. Gordon and carried. KB. DAVIDSON, OP WAXLAROO The resignation of Mr. W. Davidson, of Wallaroo, which had been received at a former meeting of Presbytery, was now taken into con sideration.. The Commissioners appointed by the congre gation of Wallaroo, Messrs. Yodng and DUNCAN* then addressed the Court, declaring the attach ment of the people to Mr. Davidson and their earnest desire that he should continue among them. Mr. Davidson thereupon declared th«t he submitted the matter to the Presbytery for their advice. Various members of Presbytery expressed their regard for Mr. Davidson, and their hope that he would still continue his labours at | Wallaroo, after which Mr. Davidson consented to act according to their wishes. MOtNT BARXSSR SESSION. .Mr. MACBEAX reported tilat in accordance ' with the appointment of Presbytery, be had : -preached to the Mount Barker Church, tho pastorate of which was vacant. He at tfae same time counselled the people to unite heartily together and sustain the cause there. Mr. LYON made, a statement with respect to the present position of matters, and sought the continued sympathy and assistance of the Presbytery. Mr. J. Henderson was appointed Moderator of the session of Mount Barker, and it was agreed by Presbytery to supply the pulpit once a month, J half of the expense connected with the same to be borne by the Home Mission Fund. Mr. Henderson to arrange for the supDlies. FINANCIAL. The Treasurer's accounts duly audited were presented, showing for the Presbyteiy Fund Beeeipts. £57 15s. IQd.; expenditure, .£61 14s. 9d.; leaving a balance due to the Treasurer of £3 18 lid. For the Home Mission Fund-Receipts, £11(5 13s. 5d.; disbursements, £83 ISs. fid.; Eeaving a balance in hand of £3214s. 9d, Professor DAVEBSON reported that the Aged and Infirm Ministers' Fund had now reached £906, and with the interest added would amount to about £950. ST. ANDREW'S SOCIETY. Professor DAVIDSON laid upon the table rules, &c.;, of the St. Andrew's Society of Scsth Aus tralia, and urged its claims upon the considera tion of the brethren. THE CONFESSION of FAITH. Professor DAVIDSON asked the leave of the Piesbyteiy to withdraw the motion Teepectin^ the revision cr th? Confession of Faith of which he had given notice. Granted. a firm wad equitable lawandan infc mt, CHAUTEES CHraCH. Professor David SON reported the reeeipt <tf a telegram announcing the appointment of a minister to Chalmers Church. EXAMINATION OF STUDENTS. Mr. JLyaix reported thst, in conjunction with Messrs. Macbean and Henderson, he hud ani miried the two students who presented tkem solvss, and that they had acquitted themselves to the entire satisfaction of the Co:n:nifctee. The report was received.. Mr. LTAIX also reported that Mr. Mudie, tiw, other student, had forwarded his resLruu-tioa to him. The resignation was accepted. INCORPOUATJKN. Mr. Al.-ors, the convener of the Committee en Incorporation, reported progress, and urged th it steps should be taken at once to carry out tiic matter. After discussion, it was agreed that Mr. David Murray be appointed the T. <isi.-:e to obtain incorporation for the Presbytery. LAJ.-D AT AEDRISHAIG Mr. Hk.vderscik laid on the table a proposal received by him from Mr. Angus MacLaine, of Ardrishaig, to substitute iu place of the lease of land at Ardtornish, which was subject j» certain conditions, a transfer of equally good land with out any conditions. It was agreed to authorise the Trustees to surrender the lease, and grate fully ackrowledge the Presbytery's sense of Mr. MacLair.e's kindness and consideration. TOION COLLEGE. Mr. MACLABEN presented the report respect ing Union College. He had 10 students at present .attending his lectures, all of whom were giving satisfaction. Rev. W. K. Fletcher, SUA., had succeeded Eev. J, Jefferis, LL.B., in the Class for Church History and Homiletics, and the students were very enthusiastic in their work. Messrs. J. Henderson, J. Davidson, Lyall, Murray, Young, and T. G. Brown were appointed the Committee for the ensuing year at Union College. GENERAL BUSINESS. The Committee appointed to arrange for public meetings presented their report which was approved Tie Ci£KK laidon iihe table the replylof; TT»h Excellency- the Governor .to : the address presented to him. " . . ..' * """ ~ Messrs. GGhbon and ANGUS reported ^Uielr visits as -a .deputation to the various religions bodies, aud that in each instance they had been most cordially welcomed. ' -? In anticipation of the request which would be made? for a Committee of the Presbytery , to co-operate with a Committee already appointed by the Congregational Union to conifer upon various matters, it was resolved that the following gentlemen form sach - Committee: - -Messrs. Maclaren, Henderson, Lyall, Anderson, McCoull, and Murray. The public gathering usually held in connec nection with the annual .meeting of the Pres bytery took place at the Temperance : Hall, Tynte-street, North Adelaide;, on ' Tuesday evening, May 1. The Moderator of the Pres bytery, the Rev. Robert Mitchell, occupied .the chair, and was supported by the following mem bers of his denomination:-The Bevs. Professor Davidson, J. Lyall, J. Gordon, J. H. Angus, W. Davidson, J. Henderson, J. McBain, and J. F. Henderson. The Bevs. J. Carter and W.' It. Fletcher attended as deputations from the Baptist and Congregational Union. The Rev. J. Thorne attended as a deputation from the Bible Christian Church. ' The Bev. M. McK. Dick, the Chairman of the Congregational Union, sent in an apology for non-attendance with the deputation from his Church on thq piea of a previous engagement. The Bev. S. Raymond, of the Primitive Methodist Church, also apologised for non- attendance. The CHATEMAN, having opened the proceed ings by pointing out the pleasure conferred through the medium of the annual gatherings of the Presbytery and itsaccompanying meetings, both upon the ministers and lay members of the Church,' The Bev. J. HENDERSON gave an address on "Presbvterianism," and prefaced his remarks by saying he desired that the law of 'charity might regulate his thoughts and words; and while he set forth some of the things concerning the c-cclesiasticiil polity of the Presbyterians which were most certainly believed amongst them he wished to do so in no other spirit than that of sincere respect for other branches of the Christian Church. He said Presbyterianism occupied a middle ground between Prelacy, or Episcopacy on the one hand and Independency on the other. The doctrine of Episcopacy was that there were three orders iu the Christian ministry, namely, Deacons, Presbyters or Elders, and Bishops. The Bishop only had the right to ordain and confirm; he had the general supervision of the diocese and the chief administration of spiritual discipline; and he had included in himself all the rights and powers of the subor dinate clergy. It was the theory of the Inde pendents that each Church or congregation was entrusted with its own government, and that government, was conducted, not by the office bearers alone as its representatives, but by the officer-bearers and congregation conjointly. Judicial functions were exercised by all the members-the old as well as the young, the in experienced as well as the most mature and patriarchal. Between these two extreme views Presbyterianism held its position, affirming on the one hand that since the Apostles left the scene the "Word of God recognised no office-bearer above that of a teaching Elder ; ajii, on the other hand, main taining that the government of the Church was committed not to the members collectively, but to chosen office-bear^ spoken of in Scrip ture as Elders or presbyters. He believed that the office and function of bishop, with jurisdie tion over presbyters or other ofSoe-bsarers, as claimed by modern prelacy, had not the shadow of foundation in the New Testament. In proof of this contention he quoted several texts of Scripture showing that the term bishop was never used in the New Testament to Signify the oversight over ministers, but only over the flock of Christ; and the bishops and presbyters had the same qualifications, the same ordination, and the same duties, power, and authority. The apostles sometimes called themselves presbyters, but never bishops. Presbyters were mentioued as joining the apostles in the Council at Jerusalem, but ::o express mention was made of bishops. The collections for the poor at Jerusalem were to be sent to the presbyters, and no mention was made of the bishops. In the Hew Testament we never found a deacon called a bishop or presbyter, because they were different and distinct; but we repeatedly found a bishop called a presbyter, and a presbyter a bishop, because they designated one and the same rank of ecclesiastical rulers. In defining the. elements of Presbyterianism Mr. Henderson remarked that the members of the Church were not a promiscuous body-not a mere crowd drawn together by accident or impulse, but associated together for the high motive of love to Christ, and having themselves professed and shown that they possessed a sincere love for Christ. The sessions held by the Presbyterian Church governed single congregations, and were composed of one teaching Elder, who was kuown as the Pastor, and at least two ruling Elders.. Sessions of neighbouring congregations were: formed into Church Courts called PresDyteries, having jurisdiction over the sessions within' their bounds ; and the various Presbyteries in the country were constituted into a Synod and General Assembly, having rule over the Presby teries. The right of appeal was preserved to every member of the Presbyterian Church, and the humblest might carry his case of adjudica tion through all the Courts from a Session up to a General Assembly. All Elders were on an equality in Church Courts. The Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments were the rule of faith, morals, discipline, and government in the Presbyterian Church, as those Scriptures were interpreted by the Westminster Confession of Faith, the Larger and Shorter Catechism, the Form of Presbyterian Church Government, the Directory for Public Worship, and the Second Book of Discipline.By a variety of quotations from the Scriptures and arguments drawn from them Mr. Henderson maintained that the various .offices of the Presbyterian Church were scriptural in spirit and similar to those obtain ing in the Apostolic Church. He then pro ceeded to show that the form of Church government he had described was favourable to sound doctrine, as any member might bring any error or offence before the notice of the higher Courts, and so have it -exposed to the public gaze. (Hear, hear.) He said the Pres byterian form of government was also friendly to education, as its members must be instructed, and cognisance was also taken of the education of their families. It was also friendly to national liberty, as illustrated. DJT the saying of John Knox, who, when addressing Mary Queen of Scots, said.-" Take from us the liberty of assemblies, and you take from us the gospeL" (Hear, hear.) Then, too, it had ever been an offence and a terror to des potic kings, tyrannic parliaments, aud servile assemblies. Again and again had it fought the battle of freedom, and in the Council chamber on the floor of Parliament, and <on the battle field it had many a time fought and. vanquished the emissaries of oppression. (Applause.) Troops of noble-minded loving- hearted men had been raised in successive years to maintain the contest-such men its KBOX, Melville, Henderson, Rutherford, Eiskiue, and Gillespie, each of whom was a host in himself. (Applause.) Last, but not least, the Presbyterian Church was friendly to all who held the Head Christ, and to every -Church that was faithful witness for the truth. But it was far from being a perfect Church, and its members must strive to make it more and more what they felt it ought to be-a great power for good in the world. Mr. Henderson concluded by urging Presbyterians to invoke tiie blessing ot God and the aid of the Holy Spirit to animate and guide their. Church in her future struggles against error aud sia. ; (Applause.) The Bev. W. E . FLBTCHKR, on being called upon by the Chairman, said he regarded the deputation from the Church lie represented as a reality. (Hear, hear.) ? It had been arranged at a recent meeting of the Congregational Ur.ion that; a Committee, which was appointed at the time, should confer with a Committee since appointed by the Presbyterian Church of tlie colony, as to the relations subsisting between the two Churches; and he hoped some good would come of the conference. They could not expect to see eye to eye together; they must agree to disagree on seme points; but eren then there was plenty of room for hearty co-operation in good works. (Applause.) He hoped that their Church life would develop a little more indivi dualism, and be really thought there was a tendency in that direction in the Presbyte riamsm of the present day. The Congregational and Presbyterian Churches had shown no dispo sition to quarrel in the past, nor did he think this disposition would ever be shown in such a free and elastic community, where they were open to experiments in their relationship of the two Churches which were impracticable in the stereotyped ecclesiasticisms of the old country. (Hear, hear.) He had great pleasure in presenting the Presbyterian Church with the fraternal greetings of the Congregational Church. The Bev. L. G. CASTER, after apologising for the absence of his co- deputationist, Mr. Dialing. 3M.P., said he liad always had a great reverence for the Presbyterian Churches. In the conduct of Evangelistic wcrk in Scotland he had beea the means of effecting a gvf.it di;.il' ot gooa in the Presbyterian Cimrch, nud if tho.ro were any wanting in the revcreuee which he himself felt ; to the monuments in Tractions parts of-SwfluS. of the'struggles whichthta old ttelffWi'ftwIMi 1 made in the cause of iteligious liberty, andwhich : had created so deep an impression upon himself. ; He bad greatpleasure on behalfro£ tlieBaptistGfanrch in wishing "God ; speeds ii* tile workxjf the Presbyterian Church of South' Australia... . ; ...?. r.;; . The Kev,.' FF.' Thokne, in tendering to 'the^ meeting the fraternal greeting of "the Bible Christian Churcb,8aidthateveiy<memusk admit tiiat ,the; Presbyterian .CJinrch did Its work thoroughly. There was I not another ?«» stance in tile world's history of the permeation of a country with religions principles to the same extent as the Presbyterian Church >nyl:. permeated Scotland, and it nmst bo borne in. mind that this grea$irork.had been accomplished: not with bat in-spite of violence. i PereoiBiUy. he entertained a:warm brotherlyfeelingtowahlB the Presbyterian Chorch of the«>lony, and iie felt sure the individual members of the - Church, he represented shared in the feeling. (Applause.} The Rev. Professsr Da.th>SON, in moving, a cordial vote of thanks to.the members of depu tations who had addressed the meeting; ex pressed his gratitude and that of the meeting at large to the Bey. W. Carter for the kindly and feeling manner in which he had referred to the struggles of the Presbyterian Church on. behalf of religious liberty. To what extent it would be practicable to carry out the sugges tions of the Committees of the Presbyterian and Congregational Churches appointed to canfer with one another, it would be tzawiss, perhaps, to conjecture at the present time; bat they had already had instances in which the co operation of -the two Churches had been at tended with marked success, and he looked forward with perfect confidence to the same successful issue in the proposal for the con ference of the "two Committees. (Applause.) The Kev. J. F. Hekdeesom, of Stratlialbyn, seconded the resolutiou, which was carried amid-loud applause. The Kev. J. GORDON then briefly addressed the meeting on " the Schemes of the Church,'* and in the course of his remarks he expressed regret that the various congregations had nob manifested great interest in the schemes. He regarded the infusion of more public spirit into the Church as being necessary for the mainte nance of that liberality of support of whizh the var ious schemes placed before it were w«rtfcy The Presbytery had agreed to recommend four schemes to the congregations, viz: the Presby tery Fund, the Infirm and Aged Ministers Fund, the Home Mission Fund, and the Foreign Mission Fund, and he strongly recommended them these schemes for their hearty support. The Rev. J. H- ANQGS was next called upon for an address, and chose for his subject" Deno- . minational zeal not incompatible with the widest Christian charity." Cfiarity, the speaker said, was the natural outcome of a true Chris tian spirit, and in its exercise there need not be the slightest interference with denominational zeal. " The world" could only be overcome by the Church raising the b amer, and, in the exercise of love and charity one toward the other would not the different branches of Christ's Church do far more good than by standing aloof and regarding one another with feelings of jealousy ? Brotherly union in the cause they all had at heart could not, in the speaker's estimation, fail to bring about the desired issue in due time. The meeting then closed with the singing of the Doxology, and the proaounciatiou of the PenedictjoB by the Rev, Chairman. 