( From the Courier.) . I Poet Douglas, December 1- — Information has been received here that the aboriginals have congregated in great force on the Daintree Eiveo1, and mat the rafts of cedar cannot be got -down to the vessels awaiting loading in consequence. -^The first mail for 4he Rodg kinson started this morning —Weather showery and hot. Sidney, December 3. — The subscriptions to the National Shipwreck Relief Society now amount to £2775. The Government mil be askud for a site on which to erect a home convenient to the praters of Port Jackson, for widows and orphans of seamen. It is' stated that a certain scale of payment will be granted to seafaring members meeting with accidents in the performance of their duties. — The chief officer of the Maid of Jadah, barque, from Foochow, reports that on November 20, in longitude 1^0® east, latitude 40® south, he saw a sea serpent, 150 feet long. The head was out of sight, but the body and tail were distinctly seen. — It is stated that selling deleterious compounds under the guise of liquors has been ths cause of 120 lunatics being sent to the asylums from the metropolitan police courts during the past few weeks. Melbourne, November 29. — The Govern ment of Western Australia are negotiat ng for direct steam communication with the other colonies — It is considered certain that tbe Legislative Council will reject the Appropria tion Bill because it includes the sum necessary for the payment . of members. A marked an tagonism be;tween the two Chambers is observ able.— Sir. Graham Berry, the Premier, speak ing in the Legislative Assembly last ui^ht, declared in an exciting speech, that should the Legislative Council reject the Appropriation Bill, it would be responsible for the suffering accruing from such a step. He indicated that that the stoppage of payment by the Govern ment would cause much inconvenience and misery. — The Indian Famine Relief Fund is likely to exceed £25,000. {From the Telegraph.') SvdNeV, December 4. — A writer in the local Press sees great trouble in the future to Qaeensland over the Polynesian Labor Ques tion. He advises Planters to get Zanzibar natives from the eastern coast of Africa, who, be sayB. are more docile, industrious and frugal in their habits than the Polynesians. He also says that they would bring their wives and families with them, and never wish to return to their native country. They are in every way superior, he alleges, to the Polynesian laborer, and can be engaged at six pounds per annum. — The Freethinkers had a gala day at the Hol gardens yesterday. There were a thousand people present. Messrs. Tyennan and Bright addressed the assemblage, and the proceedings passed off satisfactorily. — A mysterious affair happened in the city on Saturday night. A girl eighteen years of age was savagely stabbed in the abdomen by a man, who decamped. Later on the same evening another woman was also dangerously stabbed in the left breast in a similar mysterious manner, the offender again escaping. It is thought that the two crimes are the work of a madman. Melbourne, December 3. — With reference to the action taken by Mr. Palmer, M.L.A. for Ballarat, against nearly all the members of the Legislative Council for taking their seats with out making the declarations required by the Act, Mr Higginbotham and Sir Coleman O'Loughlin deny that they ever gave an opinion in the matter. — The Ministry will, to morrow, submit a separate bill providing for the payment of members, and will ask the Assembly to pass it through all its stages in one day. A much better feeling appears to exist between the two Houses of Parliament, and a dead-lock will probably be averted for the present. — A young man named Kelly bravely rescued a lad from drowning at Emerald Hiil on Saturday, being the seventh person he has saved. — Wells, the aeronaut, who will make a balloon ascent at Christmas, is having a new balloon made here for the pur pose. The usual monthly meeting of the Licensing Bench takes place next Tuesday. We take this opportunity of drawing atten tion to a report — specially prepared for this journal — of a came celebre now proceeding before the Supreme Court, Brisbane, which attracts much interest in town. It will be found on the fourth page of this issue. The Police Court cannot be styled, even ' tucker diggings,' at the present ti me . Thurs day did not yield our reporter the ' ghost of a color' and yesterday all he succeeded in pann ing out' was two 'ram nuggets' from Ynegare who were assessed at the ransom value of 10s each,, with the alternative of 48 hours in the P.M's '? strong room.' We are indebted to Mr T. S Barnett, Secre tary to the Cemeteiy Trustees, for the follow ing information : — The interments in the cemetery in the month of November were as follows ? — Adults . males, 6 ; females, 3 ; chil dren, males, 5 ; females, 3 ; total, 17. Of the adult males, 4 were Polynesians, and the other two died from accidents. From the local Roads Department, we learn that the amount of money available ont of the Bundaberg roads has been thus apportioned : — Road to the Elliot Heads, Greatheada road, and Pilot Station road. Also, an amount for clearing the road , past Noakes' selection to the rocks, and also a sum for clearing the road from Quay-street to the township of Bundaberg towards Bingera. We are informed that a slight earthquake shock was felt at Dalgangal on the 3rd instant, lasting about ten seconds. The motion seemed to be from south to north. That part of the district has enjoyed a succession of fine rains, and is now looking all that can be desired by stockholders. The first meeting of cattle owners, for the election of directors under the Marsupials Destruction Act, is convened by Government announcement to take place at noon this day. at the Court Honse. Any owner of not less than 500 head of cattle is eligible for the office of director, but in the event of a sufficient number of directors not being appointed at the meeting, the Governor-in-Council is em powered to nominate qualified persons to the office. Two date-palms, male and female, of the Tafilelt variety, have blossomed this spring at the Queen's Park. The male palm was a good deal earlier than the female, but enough pollen remained to enable Mr. Ingham to fecundate the flower spikes of the latter, and they are already setting their fruit. The plants are less than 6 years old, from seed, an unusually early age for the date to show blossom. The monthly meeting of the directors of the Permanent Building Society was held last Monday, in connection with which we learn from the secretary (Mr. J. Purser) that the cash payments for the month amount to £4 90, and that 75 new shares have been taken up The number of shares on the register now amounts to 1508 . Monday being the anniversary of the eventful day that conferred on Qaeensland the priceless boon of separation, including the riglit of mi iman aging her own lands, bungling her own railways, and becoming, generally the abject slave of a knot of Queen-street shop keepers, will be kept as a public holiday Maiyborough- has derived so little advantage from the event thus commemorated, that she may be excugift for regarding the occasion with profound indifference, except as a con venient pretext for an idle day. The Municipal Council have effected a great improvement in the new bridge over ' Palmer's Creek,' Kent-Street East, by the addition of wings, which add to the sightliness as well as safety, of the structure. There will be now no longer any excuse for either man or horse mistaking the lonely log which still spans the creek, as a memento of the old bridge, for the new one, and of becoming engulfed in consequence of such delusion, by the torrent that flashes and foams over moss grown kerosine tins, broken bottles, and burst boots in the dizzy ravine below. We have information that the Hon. the Minister for Works has approved that the local department shall draw for wages due to to the men throughout the district before Christmas. We are not sufficiently conversant with the ways of red-tape to understand whe ther this means that the men are to be paid in full up to date of payment before Christmas ; nor, supposing this to be the case, are we com petent to judge whether it is to be regarded as a great concession to the men employed. Ordinary private employers, for instance would only regard it as bare justice, and scarcely worth trumpeting. However, since the recent disgraceful stoppage of the supplies at Gympie, it is pleasant to hear of payment under any circumstances. At a meeting held last night at the Custom House Hotel, at which about 30 persons were present, Dr. Harricks presiding, the sub* ject of forming a Boat Club was venti lated and decided in the affirmative. A com mittee of ways and means was then elected! consisting of the following gentlemen t — Messrs. Harricks, Sheridan, Monckton, Blue W. Wilson, Dunn, and Tooth, and these pro mised to canvass the town for subscriptions. The fees were fixed at : for acting member entrance fee 10s. 6d. and subscription of 10s. 6d each quarter; honorary members two guineas per annum. These last are allowed the privi lege of using the Club Boats, but not for racing. Messrs. Dunn and Tooth were elected hon. sec retaries, and Mr H. J. Gray, treasurer. The feeling expressed bp those present was in favor of getting the Club into working order at the earliest possible date, for which purpose the Secretaries will receive the nameB of any intending sub scribers. With a cordial vote of tnanks to the Chairman, who promised to use his best en deavors to further the success of the undertak ing, the meeting closed. There is a good deal of excitement anion; the ' expiree' Polynesians, as well as other about town, relative to a demand for their sei vices alleged to have sprung up at the Daintre and other Northern rivers. Offers of £1 pc week and rations are ksaid to have been made and the prospect seems to be so alluriug t- their untutored imaginations, that any umnbej of them could no doubt be decoyed away if any serious attempt were made to do so. At present we have no ground — except the inco herent rumors that seem to be shaking Kanakadom to its foundations, for believing that such has been the case. However, there it never smoke without at least a scintilla of fire, and no doubt the Inspector of Polynesians will endeavor, on this hint, to gei at the true state of affairs, if he has not already done so. When white men are tempted by the offer of extra high wages to brave the perils of timbergetting in a country swarming with hostile blacks* they go with a fall knowledge of what awaits them. But it is otherwise with these poor ig norant islanders; who are by nature confiding and more, prone to believe than disbelieve the fascinating tales with which skippers bent on recruiting for so dangerous a service would be prone to enforce their persuasions. Even if the procedure be a legal one, therefore, which is doubtful, the more helpless party to the con tract ought at least to be duly 'Warned of the possible consequences of the step be was pre paring to take. The preparations for moving the present Church of St. Paul s back towards' Adelaide Street, are nearly completed, under the super vision of Mr. Williams, T.S The whole of the structure has been raised several inches, and j will next week be made to rest entirely on I rows of smoothly planed sleepers, along which j it will be slid into its hew position. For this purpose several screwjackswill be applied at the Lennox Street end, giving a power which, while admitting of the nicest regulation, is practically irresistible. Pending the removal, and in order to relieve the building of any strain consequent on the wedging up, the in terior has been braced with stout cro&9 beams, which, however, will be taken away in time to allow of divine service being performed on Sunday, and replaced afterwards. We were much pleased . to note tbe flourishing appearance of the evergreens growing, within tbe l hurch euclosure, some of which had undergone the trying ordeal of transplantation . only a few .days ago, yet. showed no sign of flagging in bud or leaf. We read in the Te'cgrapKs legal columns that on Tuesday, Michaelmas Term, before their Honors the three Judges of the Supreme Court, the Attorney- General moved the admis sion as a barrister-at-law of this colony of Mr. Frank Bingham Sheridan, who had submitted to ihe examination required by the Rules of Court, The Attorney-General stated that Mr. Sheridan was a native of the colony, and an M.A. of the Sydney University, and he had therefore very great pleasure in moving his ad mission. Admitted accordingly. The newly admitted barrister then took the oath of allegi ance' and subscribed to the rolls. At the meeting held last Tuesday to inau gurate the establishment of a Musical Union it was suggested that a thorough canvas of the town should be made to obtain members, but the idea was not followed up so as to assume tangible form. There is, however, no doubt that a great deal could be effected if, in place of a formal canvas, each of the members already enrolled— numbering 70 or thereabouts —would enlist the co-operation and support of his or her personal friends to the scheme' Few, we are sure, could resist the solicitations of such an army of volunteer recrniting agents- themselves enthusiasts in the cause. We have been requested to state that any lady or gentleman wishing to join, whether as an ac tive or merely as a subscribing member, can do so at once by communicating with Mr. J. C. Dunn, National Bank. The tenders for the supply of bridge chains for the Rockhampton suspension bridge were opened on Friday, November 30. Three tenders had been received, as follows : Land land's Fonndry Company, Melbourne, £9,480, time eighteen months (informal) ; Wright and Edwards, Melbourne, £9,900, time fourteen months ; The Fairlie Engine Company, Eng land, through their agent, Mr. G. W. Royce, at £33 per ton, twelve months. It has been de cided to accept the tender of the Fairlie Engine Company, it being the lowest by about £1,500 The adoption of the suspension principle for the Fitzroy Bridge involves the admission that it is n -t inten ed to carry mnch traffic, which in its turn involves the further admission that a bridge at,- the point in question is an orna-* mental superfluity. Should the latter position be disputed, and the necessity of the bridge affirmed, we are reduced to the necessity of at tributing gross incompetence to the person o persons who adopted such a design. There is no escape from the dilemma. Although sus pension bridges of extra strength have occasion ally been adopted on -lines of heavy traffic, as for instance, over the Menai Strait ; over the Danube, at Pesth ; over the ravine of the Saane, at Fribourg, Switzerland ; over the Dnieper, at Kieff, and so on, it is only because spuria difficulties caused by local configuration, by the necessity of keeping a navigable river unob structed. or of providing for the free passage of broken up ice in spring, forbade the adoption of a safer and stronger description of bridge Nohe of these obstacles can be pleaded in the case of Rockhampton, and we are therefore of opinion that the erection of a suspension bridge, of all others, at that place, wil) in a few years prove to have been an egregious mistake. Registration Returns. Maryborough District, for November, 1877.— Births : 16 males, 17 females, total, 33 ; deaths : 19 males, 5 females, total 24 ; mvrriages. 11. The births are a little over the average, the females still I eading, as during the past two months. Deaths show a great increase for tbe first two months of the present quarter as compared with the whole last- quarter ending 30th Sept. Total deaths for last quarter being 45 ; for tbe two first months of the present quarter, 44. Of the 19 male deaths for November, 11 are Polyne sians. Marriages show a large increase, the two first months of this quarter giving 22 against 26 for the whole of last quarter. The magisterial roster (derived, as every body knows, from the Latin rostrum , a beak ) appointed for the ensuing week, runs as fol lows : — Monday : Messrs. Geo. Horsburgh and A. Macdowall ; Tuesday : Messrs. A. W. Mel..1 ville and W. Menzies ; Wednesday : Messrs. H. Palmer and C. Powell ; Thursday : Messrs. J. Purser and P Ramsay ; Friday : Messrs. R. B. Sheridan and W. Southerden ; Saturday: Messrs. W. Walker and J. F. Wood. We are seriously thinking, by-the- way, of varying the monotony of the above paragraph in future, by doing it into verse : especially as, with the help of the above etymology we are already provided with a pair of excellent rhymes to begin with. Pos sibly it may have more effect than a mere prose reminder in attracting the attention of their Worships to the expediency of being a little more regular iu the discharge of their magis terial functions than has hitherto ' been the | case. 