ROWING NOTES FOR BOATHOUSE CIRCULATION. BY "SCRATCH." Now that the weather seems to he a little more settled, and the day appointed for opening the rowing season upon Lake Wendouree approaches, our Ballarat carsnmen seem determined to remain, no longer under thastigmi o£ iriioflvltf tfiftt Upon them Hr (He daily papsca of ,a few. weeks .back, and to an. admirer like myaelt of muscular Chris tiamty'a''viait to the boat- Mr T. GtiU’a comfortable hostelry en route ior a pin£ of " feril British".to tffolsten one’s clay, | will be well repaid by a sight ot (Be dlauf finished, some of them very much: .finished, rowers Ballarat can boast of. Atthe.boatshed of the Ballarat Bbwmg (Rub just aboqt sunaet all "is bustle and con fusion as breiif dftßr dfS# dp half-nast? o’clock, and 1 even later, goes out for its regular pilfl; Tfie club'if trial eights are to be contested on Saturday afternoon, and should the day prove fine a good ' attendance may be expected,'more especially of; the.:.fair sex, whose presence is always such an, incentive to gallant deeds. For the first, heats 1 sm informed Mr M’Whae’s crew agdidtft that stroked by" Sir Holt, Pettett agaitfflt Gragg!#; dnd- Bennett against denkins, Sharp haying a walkover. Being' a’‘ ridU’pilrfcrtmidg- ohiel merely Bakin’ notes, faith I think I’ll print themj and give the readers of the [Star the benefit of my observations in. the shape of 1 a straight ■ tip. That- veteran stroke, Hr' Sharp,. seemingly does not take a very great interest in his crew, and vSßsfHdr ' fie .thinks if is not' gooJ.f. nou £b or not I am'unable to say, not Bdvlog interviewed him on vl»3 subiect-- - His men are to be seen: hanging about the sheds like "chickens who hafo lost their mother.” 'HiarNo. 6, Mr Watts, is to be seen dailjf on the jetty in deep thought. He can no longer gat ,th& ste'am. up'/and seenis to be brooding over the gHoSts' of departed' theories, Or pethapdi ffl the abseiide of dde’rgy diaplriyed -by His stroke,, he fa cogitating as to how to win the wdlS-oter.” Mr M’Whae’s crew are' steadily 'working, and evidently determined, if steady practice will stand for anything, to solve the. problem set.before . them. No. 6,1 am informed, is loojted.upon as the weak point in this crew. It is darkly hinted that he is a little touched id {he siind, . being slightly , inclined towards a -roarer," Hut fot {HaHn'tfi of lifts .statem'eni 1 cannot vouch, It may be oriljl and -file ..fnynntipfi o£ the touts' to affect . the odda. , T could' wish ttiii ' (Hsfd werd" more Scotchmen in this crew. Holt, that is'Hoif individually, is practising regularly in order to get bis crew iritO peffe'dt training. He is to be seen almost daily somewhere Shout file lake in mysterious consultation with : his. veteran tip: ■ -This fact alppost teptipta, me .£o back him, Sift . I will .refraid. The‘remainder of Bis cfew, som'e.Of whom (have had the honor dd.d pffevlbiis' Occasion! of repre senting the‘ladies; are resting npon their laurels and eating beefsteak. ’For the sake* of this crow a lafgO attendance of ladies is most earnestly to'be Hoped fori' No. and, a sensible young rower named F. Roxburgh, prefers iiriehipping his oar when slightly fatigued, bdt this may be ptifOiy sccideilfal. Gfaggid, df "Gaggin Pasha".aa this • celebrated isttoko is, now respectfully, termed in the vicinity of the - boafehed, will; it. may , be confidently anticipated, prove himself, when Called upon, to be indeed a veritable Turk, but as some of his crew are reported to bo regular “Rooshans,” it is feared that' it Will be .a case with this crew.of “ pull devil,-pall baker.” - Of Mr Pettett's crew I know but yery little, .and on that little 1 will not dwell long. • .tfhey haV'C got M’Ewen; and that ought topull.them!: through. Mr fienriett is indefatigable.- He is doing wonders in working up his cfe'tf. His happiness is centered in his No. 1, Mr Fraser. This promising young oarsman is like his'stroke, simply indefatigable. His hours of attendance at the sheds are—Morn ings, 6.30 till 7.30; evenings,; 5.45 till bed-time. Id fact, it is Currently reported that he is dieting himself npon ( nothing, in order to arrive at . the re quired state of Condition, and so "far his efforts'have proved very satisfactory, as, like, the man in the poem, “ his clothes like a lady’s loose gown hang about him.” His family, however, are reported to be getting-anxious for his welfare, as the constant strain must tell. And now I come finally to Mr Jenkins, whose crew is my fancy.. I may mention that my hope is Mr Bartrop. Captious critics find fault with the various styles of rowing displayed by the members of this crew, but I have every confidence in the result of my observa tions. --The-best laid plans of mice and men, however, “ gang,aft agley,” and Mr Bartrop wont train, so those who may ba led; into speculating on'the strength of my straight tip' must attach bo blame to - me,, as although every care has been 'taken,'l wish it dis tinctly to be understood that ! will incur no-responsi bility. In conclusion; I may refer to the fact that the ‘ various crews' fully appreciate the courtesy evinced by the sister club, in'*so kindly-offering the use of their eight-oar. boat'for the races. : 