THE MYSTERIES OF CRIME; OE, The Experiences oe an Edinburgh Detective.—No. XLIX. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] HUNTING A MURDERER. I have shown that danger-—even death— often awaits the detective in the ordinary execution of his duty. I have no wish to trumpet it forth, or pile up any sham senti ment ahout it. I give it as a stern fact, that is all. Desperate criminals, when fairly hounded out, can turn, and fight, and struggle, and even hill, in the race for dear life and liberty; and, of course, the hunters must take their chance. "Very little lets out a life in this world of ours, and it is not a little that a detective has to face. That hy the way. For a sample of a good stiff chase, take the following:— One dark wintry morning in November, I was sent for in hot haste, and the following telegram placed in my hand:— " Granton Pier Police Station, 8 a.m. 11A seaman fonnd killed on the railway line between Scotland-street and Trinity— the head completely severed from the body. I have had the body brought here. Please send some one "down to investigate— McGovan, if vou can spare him. " John Wabbbop." I stared and stared at the flimsy in my hand, and read and re-read it in vain. I knew the sender well—a quiet, un oflicious man who could think and see a great way before opening his mouth once— and I was utterly at a loss as to what he could see in such a simple occurrence to demand my presence and assistance. The seaman had just been drunk, I thought, and had by some means wandered on to the line and then got killed for his stupidity. I say so I thought, and so I daresay every one else might have thought, had not Jonny been Stationmaster at Granton. It would be a curious investi gation—and one, I believe, of no small magnitude—to try and discover how many " accidents" on the railway are in reality no accidents at all. However, there was something under it all. I had to go, and the sooner I was stirring the better. Such was my con clusion, though I had taken some time to get at it, just as a man sometimes dallies with a letter, wondering what it can con tain, when he could at once tear it open and see. Meantime McS weeny had dropped in, d,nd as lie had nothing particular in hand I took him with me. As we got out of the Office, and were, crossing towards Warriston Close to get down to the Waverley Station, a trifling incident occurred, which I noted and com municated to my companion. It was that we were being watched and followed by Nat Hinchie, one of the most daring and desperate cracksmen that ever infested Edinburgh. What could bring him out so early, and on such a cold morning, and then set him on our track, puzzled us both. Watching and following is generally on our own side, not on that of the criminal. Of course we did our best to keep him under the delusion that we had not taken more than a passing notice of him; and thus we progressed till the railway ticket-office was reached, when we found our broken-nosed gentleman close behind us, as if he had re solved to go by the same train. But no. We got two for Granton, and then heard him make some demurring en quiry about some train which did not start for more than an hour, and then slink off without expending a penny. A look and a wink was enough between us. " He only wanted to know where we were going," I said with quick decision. " He must have some interest in us. Let's reverse it. You follow him, while I go to Granton and hear what Jonny has to say about it." With a significant lowering of the left eyelid, McSweeny was off. The train took me off next, and I soon got to Granton Pier Station. " Well, Jonny, what's wrong now P I said, as I shook hands with the inspector. " That's just what I want you to decide," he replied. " But you'd better see the body first," and he lfed the way to where it was lying. I examined it attentively. The head had been cut clean off by the wheels, but, beyond a few scratches and cuts^ about the face, and a dark, round indention- on the top of the forehead, I could detect nothing uncommon about it. It is true, the said indention did catch my eye particularly, and I favored it with a pretty long and curious stare, but beyond that I had no suspicion, and opened my eyes a little when Wardrop eagerly cried— " Well, wnat do you think of that ?" "That" so evidently meant the strange indention in the forehead that I examined it again. . "Nothingparticularly. I suppose it has been done by the wheels in passing." "I think not. Have you ever seen a blow given by a cracksman's neddy ?" " Av, and felt it too, as you very well know. " Well, that's one." This was a great deal for him to venture, and I stared at the markmore intently than ever, quite sure that more was coming. And I was right. " Listen, wnile I give you the facts," he continued. "David Law, the deceased, left his ship yesterday morning with £38 and a silver watch in his possession. When his body was discovered, not a ghost of a coin or a watch was to be found on him. But more; I was at the railway station myself in the morning, and distinctly remember noticing this man, from two causes. In the first place, I was watching a notorious cracksman, who was loitering and banging about near him; and, in the second place, when the sailor took out a first-class ticket, the other I was watching immediately had his changed for one of the same kind. The sailor, after standing treat to about half-a-dozen at the bar, got into the train at last, and then Nat Hinchie slunk in after him-; " " Who!" I cried; with a great start. "Nat Hinchie. You know him well; at least, you have cause to know him." "I do. Go on—go on!" I cried, with sudden interest and feverish haste. " Well, Law was seen • by one of his mates floating about the High-street, yes terday afternoon, in company with a man whose description exactly fits Nat Hinchie. But that is not all. Early this morning, long before the ticket-office -was open for the first train, two men, presumably Law and Hinchie, presented themselves at the Scot land-street Station, wanting tickets for Granton. They were both drunk, but to all appearance Hinchie was by far the worst of the two. Being told they were far too soon, they wandered about the station for a while, occasionally breaking out into an altercation among themselves about something, and then they were lost sight of, having disappeared somewhere into the dark ness, The very first train that passed after that had taken off Law's head. The driver noticed a kind of hitch in the engine ; men were sent back, and the body discovered. No other was in sight; and, as I have said, not a penny, not an article was found on the sailor; his veiy knife and tobacco were gone." " Did any one overhear their altercation at the station ?" " Yes, a young lad, the night pointsman; but he was gone home when I got there. I Lave his address, though—it is quite close at hand—and, if you have no objection, we will go round and rouse him up." I was off with him at once, as quick as I could get my legs to move, without abso lutely running. I had become deeply inte rested in the case, and was fervently thank ing my stars that I had set McSweeny to look after the villain who had followed us to the station. I was reckoning a little too se curely, as will appear; but, of course, I could not know that then. I owed Hinchie some thing for placing me on the disabled list for nearly a fortnight once, and my very fingers tingled at the thought of fairly laying him by the heels. If all that "Wardrop hinted at proved correct, something more fearful than anything I had ever wished for had occurred, which, if proved, would probably relieve me of the villain for life. ~YVe soon got to the address of the points man, and—a little unkindly, perhaps— roused him up out of his first sleep. He looked a little dazed and stupefied at two policemen seating themselves so coolly in his bedroom, but was wide awake the moment our first question was put. " You were on duty at Scotland-street before six o'clock this morning when two men—one of them a sailor, and both ap parently drunk, appeared and asked for tickets for Granton F" I began. " Yes, I was." " "What like was the other F Not the sailor." " Ad ugly, tall man, with long, powerful looking arms and a broken nose—something like a prize-fighter in appearance. He was rather nicely dressed—had a heavy pea jacket, with a velvet collar, and a Balmoral cap, with a silver thistle at the side " " Ah, that will do for him," I inter rupted, as I nodded significantly to Johnny. " It's Hinchie sure enough. Did you hear what they were talking about P" "They were quarrelling—about money, I think. Once I heard the sailor say, " You'll give me it all back when we get to Granton P ' There's thirty-four pounds, mind.' 'Thirty 1'the other said.' You've for gotten,' ' No, 1 haven't forgotten,' the sailor said, ' but I begin to think you're a d d thief,' and then they quarrelled and swore for a while, and then made it up again. They wandered back and forward along the platform several times, and every time they bad a wrangle of the same kind, and after a while I missed them and saw them no more." "Did you think thev had gone along the line ?" "No, certainly not, or I would have stopped them. I thought they had got tired waiting, and had gone off to walk it by the road. I was very busy at the time, or I would have watched them more strictly." " I suppose they were both drunk •" Y es; the broken-nosed man could scarcely walk." " Ilinchie has done it well," I remarked, in a low tone, to Jonny. " Even this lad was deceived. I'll warrant he was not drunk when he felled the other with the neddy and placed his neck across the rails." Jonny started joyfully and seized my hand. " Then you think I'm right ?" he eagerly cried. " I'm afraid you are," and then as I left the house I told him of Hinchie's inquisi tiveness as to our destination. " The villain's conscience, or rather his craven fears, would not let him rest; he wanted to see whether it was passing for an acci dent, or was exciting any unusual specula tion or enquiry, and has thus unconsciously tightened the noose about his own neck." * " Y es. The difficulty will lie in proving it. No one, apparently, saw it done; and the doctor who examined the body would not take upon him to say that the blow on the forehead had been received before the wheels went over the neck. He might give a less cautious opinion were other evidence to be placed before him tending to that conclusion." "All that will be an after consideration, Jonny. You have done your duty—more than your duty—and done it well. Our business now is to hunt the murderer." I left shortly after, got back to the Offic at Edinburgh, reported all, and enquired for McSweeny. To my surprise, I learned that he had no returned. A scrap of paper which he had sent in an hour before only tended to heighten the wonder. It was addressed to me, and ran thus:— " Hinchie's Stair, Foot of Blackfrxar's " Wynd, 2 p.m. " I'm waiting—patiently .waiting—for you here. The vagabond's gone in, and doesn't seem in a hurry to come out again. He has had his dinner. I smelt it, but that's the only bit of it that I tasted. If you're not back yet, look alive about it, as I'm both cold and hungry. " McSweeny." And here was where the wonder came in; a man sent down to inform him that I bad not yet returned—could findno trace of him, high or low. He was gone—appa rently spirited off the face of the earth— for neither at his home nor anywhere else could they hear of McSweeny. " Things were beginning to look queerish. My first step was to send a description of Hinchie to the Railway Stations, with orders to detain him if—as I feared—he should endeavor to steal a march on us. Then I changed my clothes, and got down to Blackfriar's "Wynd as the early darkness was stealing over the tall houses. I had now a double task before me—tc find McSweeny and capture Hinchie—and I was not without hope that when the one ■was found tlie other •would not be far off. I could easily have swamped the place with policemen, and had everything turned in side out; hut I knew Hinchie too well of old to try a plan that would only scare him off, and leave us to whistle for our pains. I began with an old woman, a huxter, opposite the stair in which Hinchie hung out, and after talking a while sidled along to the subject nearest my thoughts. " You didn't see a man about here in the forenoon—tallish, sharp-looking, with short, red whiskers?" " Sure, it must be McSweeney, the thafe catcher, you mane ?" she quickly returned. " Yes, he is a thief-catcher," I rejoined, a little nonplussed. "You know hum, and saw him then ?" " Enow him ? Didn't he come into me shop and write a message, which me own laddie tuk up to the Office ?" " Ah, it was here he wrote it, then; did you see where he went after ?" " Into the rookery there opposite, where he came from. Sure it's a bad lot he's among this minit." " What; did he never come out again ?" " Never a hit." " Are you sure—quite sure ?" "Iam. I've watched for him all day. He promised my laddie a sixpence when he came hack, hut sorry a hap'orth of him have I seen since. But I won't spake again him; for didn't he stand up for me in coort when I was tuck up for sellin' fish in the High street ?" " I'll pay the sixpence for him if it's all the same," I said, and she appeared mightily pleased as the coin changed hands. " Do you know any of them over there by name ?—the one with the broken nose, for instance ?" "Yes, I've heard them call him Nat— he's one of the worst." " lie is. Have you seen him to-day ?" " Yes; not ten minutes since." " Never 1 where ?" " There, comin' out of the entry, and turnin' down into the Cowgate." "How was he dressed?" " Ye may ask that; for I wouldn't have known him, only for his nose. I'd know that anywhere. He had on a silk hat and a black suit, with false whiskers and moustache ; and carried a small carpet bag and a silk umbrella." " Oh! he's for a journey, then. Did McSweeny not come out after Mm ?" " No, sorry a bit—lie never " I did not hear the rest, for I was tearing up the steep wynd as fast as legs could carry me. I took a moment's breath at the top, and then cut down towards the railway by Ilalkerston's Wynd and Market-street. Why I thought he had made for the rail way I cannot tell. Turning down into the Cowgate certainly did not point in that direction, but then I knew that Hinchie, like most thieves, was very lazy, and would not walk an inch if he could ride. On the whole, I suppose, the instinct of experience prompted me to it. At any rate, i was rigiit. x ma not pause at the ticket office, but sprang down towards tbe platform wboie stairs at a time, in case a train might be starting, bearing my man snugly ensconced. I did not find him, or any trace of him, on the left side; and then, in defiance of all rule, I cut right across the rails to where a Glasgow train stood puffing in readiness to start. One of the guards collared me roughly, and then smiled out at his mistake, as he recognised me and let me go; but the moment's delay almost cost me my man. I ran hastily oyer nearly the whole train, and at last stopped at a first-class carriage, in a corner of which a sickly-looking gentleman was reposing, his hat on the wire cage overhead, his carpetbag on the seat before him, and his head and shoulders completely enveloped in a comfortable travelling plaid. " Show your ticket," I said, sharply and gruffly. He obeyed at once, holding the plaid up about his mouth with the other hand, as if sorely troubled with the toothache. I saw at once that he had no gloves on, showing an exceedingly dirty paw with un trimmed nails to match. If he had shown the right hand I would have known him at once, for I knew that Hinchie bore on that hand a broken little finger. " It won't do," I cried," show your face." " Toothache, excuse me," he answered, in muffled tones, shrinking a little. "Quick 1" and my hand was on the plaid —"quick! the train is beginning to move." There was no time for delay now. With a wrench I had it off, and the false whiskers came with it. Nat Hinchie and I stood face to face, glaring into each other's eyes. A curse from him, and a triumphant ex clamation from me, and then I sprang back wards to the door to shout to them to stop the train, which was actually moving. But in the moment's pause he was not idle. The window of the opposite door was down, and leaving hat, plaid, and carpet bag to their fate, he bounded right through on to the ground, more neatly than ever harlequin went through a "practicable shop window " or " drawing-room mirror." It was a dangerous jump, and might have cost him his life, for the guard had either not heard or misunderstood my cry, and the motion of the train was quickening; but the moment I saw him spring up unhurt and dash across the rails, nothing would serve me but I must be after him by the same aperture—just as a cat in the excite ment of the chase will scramble through the same narrow bars and slits dodged through by a mouse in the agonising attempt to There was a scream from some woman opposite as I came through; but I had leaped ivith the train, and seemed to come down as light as a feather, not even feeling the sprain in my ankle that bothered me for weeks after. Hinchie flashed down the platform to wards the North Bridge, and I was after him so swiftly that no crowd could gather after us, and the roar of alarm and excite ment died away like a murmur far behind. Right across the goods' shuntings, out at Low Calton, and then down towards Leith Wynd I flew, straining every nerve and sinew to keep the tall, flying shadow in sight. But he went faster—-faster. I groaned out the conviction to myself as I saw the distance widen and widen, and his figure become more and more indistinct through the darkness. Leith Wynd reached, and he suddenly and unaccountably vanished. I stared and stared, and stopped and wondered. A moment before I had seen him—or fancied so—on the identical spot I had now pantingly'reached, and now lie was gone! Had tlie earth swallowed him ? A twinkling light at my left, coming from the -window of a miserable-looking broker's shop,, at last appeared to offer a solution. I peered through the fog and darkness at the sign, and then smiled out as I read— " Peter Finnigan, Broker." A notorious reset, and, if all stories were true, an old thief himself. My man, then, was housed with Pete. I was into the shop with two springs, crashing heed lessly through old furniture and trum pery, and had my hand on the door of the room behind, when the owner suddenly glided through with a black waistcoat in his hand, shut the door behind him, placed his back against it, and leered at me blink inglv and enquiringly. "Stand out of the way! Nat Hinchie is here," I cried, with the greatest effort keeping my hands from the old scoundrel's throat. " What do you say ? I'm a little deaf," cunningly returned the old liar, putting his hand to his ear. A thick white cord hanging from the pocket of the waistcoat in his hand caught my eye, and I made a snatch at it. It came out, and, as I had expected, brought at the end of it—a sailor's knife. One quick look at the handle showed me the name— "David Law." "Ha! some of the plunder. The villain is here, then, and you are favoring him with a change of raiment while T am blethering here," I shouted, and thoroughly exasperated, I brought my hand down with a sudden, ringing "clout" on the old rascal's ear, and then throttled him with me into the back room. " But it was empty, and the open window at the back told a tale. " Villain ! fool! you shall suffer for this," I hoarsely cried. " It's a murderer you've helped. Come on now ! you, at least, shall not escape!" and, in spite of the great hubbub, and gathering, shouting crowd, I would not let him go, but throttled and tugged him to the top of the wynd, till I got two policemen to relieve me and hustle him off to the office. I was now hatless, and somewhat torn and muddy; but the moment my hands were relieved of Pete I dashed off and down into Blackfriars Wynd, leaving the enquiring crowd far behind. My old Irish woman served me in good stead again. " Seen him ?" I gasped, as Icaught sight of her face. "res, hes pst gone in, wid only his trousers and shirt on." " Good! Now let him escape if he can !" I plunged into the dark entry, felt for the door, and neither knocked nor waited for invitation. The door was fastened inside, hut I ran hack to the wall and then dashed myself on it with a force that sent it crash ing inwards in smithereens. It was very dark, hut I could see that a woman, fierce and determined-looking as a tigress about to be robbed of its cubs, was rearing herself before me. It was Hinchie's mistress, and there was a look about her eyes that I did'nt like. " Well, Moll, where is he ?" I demanded, quite heedless of her dark scowls. " He's got to come out, so he may as well do it at A-nno T+'c a lifnv fill a +imo " once. It's a lifer this time.1 Something glittering in her hand caught my eye, as she answered, in still, dead'y tones— " He is here! Take him, if you dare!" The arm that was to wield the knife was drawn back—and it was a powerful one, as I had felt before—but I had no time for nonsense, and I sprang on her, wrenched it from her hand, and then hurled her, with all the strength I could command, against the stone wall. Something caught her feet, and she went flop down, hit her head with a hard thud, and lay quiet. The ken behind—a damp, slimy hole—I had been in before, and it did not take a second to reach it. But I had no light, and could not getthematches Icarriedto strike.I knew the murderer was there, and nowhere else, for the place had no window; but I was afraid to quit the doorway lest he should double and slip out. I was in a fix, but in a moment the thought struck me to listen for his breathing. That did it. Like me, he had had a hard run, and the moment his panting reached my ear I was upon him. We struggled and struggled, and hissed and fought and kicked and tore at each other, till I thought he never would give in. My own strength was going—his seemed as fresh as ever. I must do some thing at once, or not do it at all. It flashed on me to tiy the plan that had settled the woman, and with a sudden turn I seized him and hurled him into the dark ness behind. But strange, he did not reach the wall— no, nor the floor either. There was no dull thud nor crashing fall but in its place a dreadful yell—a whish of damp air, a splash deep down, and then a deathly silence. | I could not understand it. I was breathless, torn, bleeding, and almost done out, but I managed to gasp out —" Are you there, Hinchie There was no answer, not even a groan; and I crawled forward, feeling cautiously along the floor with my hands. Then I began to have an inkling into the mystery. I felt first a long broad trap in the floor, and then inside of that the round mouth of an old well or pit, reaching down I knew not how far. It had been a close shave with me, and I daresay if he had not struggled to send me down alone, in the knocking about we might have tumbled in together. I got back slowly to the other den, and was then joined by other two detectives and some policemen, who had been attracted by the commotion in the High-street at the lugging up of Pete Finnigan. The woman was taken off to the Office, and then we got lights and ropes and pro ceeded to inspect the old well. It was very deep. With a strong, light we could just see the water and no more. But there was no trace of Hinchie. I wished some one to be lowered down, and even offered to be the man myself; but they demurred,; saying that the old hole would probably: be full of foul air, which would choke a man in a moment. To test it a light was lowered till it nearly reached the water, when it - suddenly burned blue and went • out, with a strong draught, I thought— with the foul air, they persisted. However, we could do nothing more in : the meantime; and two men were left to watch the well, while I was helped home . to have some rest and refreshment. : But early in the morning, or, as some < would say, in the middle of the night, an I ' astounding piece of news came to tlie Office from Burntisland, across the water. _ It was that a man, in every point answering the description of Hinchie had been accidentally drowned in jumping off the " waggon boat" —that is, one of the long steamers fitted with rails on which railway waggons are run and conveyed bodily across the Forth. As a favor, and under the plea of urgent business, he had been allowed to cross in it; but there being no proper gangway, in the darkness he had missed his footing, and gone down between the landing and the steamer, and long before he was fished up the life was out of him. I could not believe it when the word was brought to me; and hearing that the body was being brought over for the pur pose of identification, I limped all the way to the Office, and thence down to the Waverley Station, to see it. And it was Hinchie, really and truly. But how in the world had he escaped? and how was it that McSweeney had never turned up ? These questions at once rose to our lips, and naturally enough our thoughts reverted to the old well in the den at the foot of Blackfriar's Wynd. " We must have another look at it," I said, and the suggestion was at once acted upon. We got down to the place, assured ourselves from th'e two sentinels that no one had come out by the top of the well, and then I was lowered into it. Just as my feet touched the water, a strong current of air caught the light in my hand and extinguished it, but I shouted out to those overhead not to pull me up till I was ready. I swung groping about, and soon discovered the cause of the draught — a wide, square opeuing in the side of the well—a kind of giant waste-pipe, for pre venting the water in the well from rising above a certain height. But I discovered more, for I wanted to see where it led to, and crept into some distance, when I came upon a soft, warm body, which moved—I may say, kicked and grunted energetically—at my touch. A moment's inspection convinced me that the great bundle was a man, securely roped and gagged, and instead of gliding past, I seized him by the collar and tugged him back towards the well. Then the faint light from the torches above re vealed features that I knew. " What ? McSweenv!" I cried, as IjJ cut away the bandasres and set his tongue free. " Are you alive ?" "No,I'm dead, ye divil, with hunger," he returned, with a wolfish snap. " Why did ye go off last night without lettin' me out " Why did you let us off without shouting out ?" "Shout, ye divil? Put that in your mouth an' tie it in, an' see how much ye can shout." " But how did you get in ?" "Get in? He axed me in—to have some dinner, he said—an' then they fought me, an' showed me they were the strongest, an' then crammed me mouth wid that ould rope. Then they said they hoped I liked my dinner, and that it 'ud sit aisv on me stomach, and tied up me eyes an' shoved me in here. It's a wonder the rats left any of me. They were enquiring after my health more than once in the night time." "Hinchie got off." " Ah, so he did; I felt him crawl over me; I knew he wasn't a rat, curse him." "But he's dead—drowned." "Ah, that's good!" was the unctuous re joinder, and the first thing he did when his hands were free was to rub them joyfully. We were soon hauled up, and McS weeny, I am glad to say, was not much the worse of his long fast. The outlet in the well, we afterwards found, led into the common sewer, hut how Hinchie got out of that I never could tell, unless he had squirmed himself out by one of the wide street Hinchie's mistress got 80 days, while Pete Finnigan was treated to GO, with the forfeiture of his broker's licence. The most of the money stolen from the sailor was re covered, hut the secret of the murder, if there was one committed, died with Nat Hinchie. A number of Adelaide sporting men took return tickets to Melbourne, with the intention of proceeding to Melbourne by the Claud Hamilton on Friday, and disembarking at Bel fast to attend the Warrnambool races, which will be held on "Wednesday next. The agents, on hearing of the intention of the passengers, very naturally objected to this, and told them they would have to pay the usual fare to Belfast, or else go on to Melbourne. If they would not do this they could have their passage-money re turned. Some of the passengers elected to re main behind, being afraid if they went on to Melbourne they would be late for the races, in consequence of the vessel having to call at the outporfs. Those who remained behind starred for Melbourne by the South Australian on Satur day, and will proceed thence to Belfast by steam. . - The enrolment of volunteers to form an artillery corps for Fort Adelaide took place at Ford's Hotel on- Saturday evening, June. 2. Captain Biggs officiated as enrolling officer, and Dr. Clindening acted as honorary surgeon. The enrolment commenced at half-uast 6 o'clock and'continued for about two hours. Fully 300 persons offered themselves for enrolment, but as the Government have limited the Port Com pany to 40, a large number of persons were rejected, and these expressed in strong-terms their dissatisfaction at the action of the Govern ment in fixing upon so small a number to repre sent the Port. Captain Quin, of the old Port artillery, was present, and several men who formerly belonged to that corps were enrolled. The men selected were all over 5 ft. .6 in. in height, their ages ranged from 20 to 40, and they were of splendid physique. The enrol ment of volunteers for the district of North Adelaide will take place at the Huntsman's Hotel this Monday evening. "It is probably not generally known,' states the Border Watch, " that the bodies of the three men which were washed ashore from the unfortunate ship Geltwoodlie buried on the beach in the vicinity of the spot where the wreck took place. And but that some gentleman, pre sent at the funeral ceremonies on the first body found, placed at the head of the grave a piece of broken spar nothing could now possibly indicate their last resting place. Who is re sponsible for this unceremonious, not to say unfeeling, mode of disposing of our dead countrymen, we-do not know. But .we think it was altogether a most heartless proceeding to bury them uncoffined, as a correspondent suggests, ' like dogs, in the drifting sand,' espe cially as the place is within 10 miles of a Christian burial ground. A correspondent writes strongly on the subject, and we have no doubt, now that the subject has been^ brought under the notice of the public, they will cheer fully provide the necessary funds to purchase coffins and pay the expense of the removal of the bodies to either Milliceut or Mount Gambler for interment." 