IRELAND. FATHER T. BURKE'S GREAT CHARITY SERMON. On October 29 the annual charity sermon in aid of the St. Bridget's Orphanage was preached at the Jesuit Church of St, Francis Xavier, Upper Gardiner- street, by the Rev. Thomas Burke, O.P. After the first Gospel at the 12 o'clock Mass the eloquent Domini can ascended the pulpit and selected for his text the Gospel for the 21st Sunday after Pentecost, 18th chapter of Matthew. Having spoken for some considerable time on the attributes of Christ, the rev. preacher said : —In the Scripture the Holy Ghost sums up His attributes in two words, omnia disponet suaviter et fortiter~-he governs all things sweetly yet strongly. And so when the Eternal Word of God became man, and in His human nature came amongst men, revealing the fullness of the divinity dwelling within Him, we find revealed the same two distinguishing attributes — gentleness and firmness, mercy and justice, kindness and sweetness, combining with the strength that conquereth all things. Can anything be conceived more patient, merciful, gentle, and forgiving than the conduct and character of our Lord, so patient, so untiring in dealing out grace and mercy to all around Him? He never allowed the poor to pass Him un heeded. He comforted and assisted them in their sickness and necessity. Ay even when it became necessary to dry a mother's tears, forth the fullness of His Godhead, aud called the dead from the tomb. Kind, gentle, loving, considerate, merciful on the one hand, mark how He changes when justice is to be protected, when right is to be defended, when the interests of His eternal Father, when the salvation of human souls, is at stake. His quick and powerful hands have twisted a scourge of cords to drive out those that have profaned His Father's temple. How they shrink from the weight of his blows and the lightning that flashes from the eyes of an angry God ! Again, how He addresses the Pharisees when He finds them misleading the people ! You hypocrites, you generation of vipers, you children of the devil. See too that twofold character of gentleness and mercy, and firmness and strength, which Christ bequeathed to His followers. Wherever tho true and pure form of Christianity is to be found there also are the two necessary ingredients of Christianity — gentleness and justice— impressed upon the followers of Christ. Therefore it is that He commands us to be gentle, and merciful and forgiving as in this day's Gospel, commands us to be meek and patient. ''If they smite you on one cheek present them with the other, and if a man contend with thee in judgment and take thy coat give him also thy cloak, and, if they persecute you in one city resist them not but fly into another ; and return not revilinga with revilings, or railings with railings, or cursing with cursing, but rather bless those who curse you, pray for those who calumniate you,' and above all things be merciful, for ' Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy.' But, on the other hand those who are thus commanded to be gentle, long-suffering, forgiving, and merciful are commanded to be— wherever principle is to be affirmed, truth preserved, and salvation insured — to be as firm and immovable as the adamantine rock in the ocean, as a mountain upon its wide base. Wherefore the Holy Ghost says, strive for justice for thy soul, and even unto death fight for justice, and thy Lord will overcome thy enemies. Thus speaks Ecclesiasticus. Now, dearly beloved, if such be the character of the Almighty God revealed to us — if such be the attributes of God made man as seen by us in our Divine Lord— if such be the Christian character as enforced by the precepts of this Lord — it is fairly allowable for us to look around and see whether this be illustrated. Where shall we find it illustrated — this twofold quality of gentleness and firmness, of sweetness and strength ? It is but fair that we should look to the first Christian in the world, and the first- Christian in the worfd is the Vicar of Jesus Christ upon earth, the head of the Catholic Church. Look at him. Contem plate a life which has been burning like a candle in a candlestick for the last thirty years or more. How did he begin his reign, the Pope of Rome? By opening the prisons, by striking off the chains from the captive's hands, by recalling the exile, and telling him to be happy under his own fig tree, and by his own fireside, by heaping benefits upon those who hated him, until at length he was obliged to turn upon them in the cause of justice and right. When his enemies were brought wounded and helpless from the battle-field, when they were laid in the hos pitals of Rome, ah, who was the first to come with tears in his eyes to bind up their wounds, and to whisper words of consolation in their ears— who, but the outraged Pontiff whose rights they had come to assail and destroy? When over- zealous Catholics called upon him to put forth the strength and power which is his, and his only, and to excommunicate the chief of his enemies when he entered into his city, and took possession of his house, sitting down by his fireside — whose heart refused to send forth the terrible sentence of excomraunication? Who was it, who is it, that -in the midst of all his sufferings forgets himself when the widow and orphan come before him and divides with them every pittance in his treasury, who gives them not only his treasure, but who gives them words of hope and consol- ation, and opens his heart with sympathy for their sorrow ? But, on the other hand, where since Christ our Lord laid the foundation of His Church, and established that glorious character of Christian by truth and grace amongst men, where has the world ever seen a man so firm, so strong, as this head of the Catholic Church ? But a few years ago and it was a question only of saving the soul of one little child, and all the world rose up against him, and all the Governments of the earth, Catholic and Protestant alike, threatened him with war and all the evils that have since come upon him—the ruin of his temporal power, and all the consequent evils that accompanied it, rose up before him, and all to be saved if only that one little child were surrendered. But even as idle waves dashing in their fury at the base of some mighty rock, and wasting and spend ing themselves vainly there, even so the nations dashed against him, firm and immovable as the adamantine rock, the aged man, who had no reliance save upon the truth and justice, which he represented, an swered them ' Non possumus '— " I cannot do it.' And in our day, whilst all the governments, nearly all the universities, all the perverted intellectual power of the world assails him, not one whit of truth or justice has he compromised, or will he compromise, not even though that white head over which eighty-six winters have spent themselves were brought down into the gory grave of a martyr. He can die, indeed, but he cannot compromise the truth or violate one single iota of principle. And if we pass, as it is lawful to pass, from the consideration of the first Christian in the world, let us consider for a moment these twofold attributes of mercy and strength, gentleness and firmness as revealed no longer in an individual but in a nation, and here as I put the first Christian man in the world, I will select the first Christian nation in the world : and I assert fearlessly that the first Christian nation and race in tho world is Ireland and her people. Now, mark, the unbroken tradition of divine faith, the faith that never was changed, has formed the character of this people. His- torians remark, and justly, that there must have been something very gentle, very sweet, very attractive in the manhood and the life of a people who, beyond all others, were able in one generation so to captivate their very enemies and invaders that these enemies became, to use the language of the historian, ' More Irish than the Irish themselves.' Truly, beloved, there must have been some thing very charming, gentle, forgiving, and merciful in that national character to assimi late with which men gave up what the world might have thought perhaps a higher, or at least a more powerful form of civilization, that they might find death by making them ' selves like the Irish. Yet when the faith was assailed, when God's eternal and unchangeable truth was sought to be per- verted and destroyed, when the altar was sought to be pulled down aud the holy things of God to be scattered, this people, so gentle, so attractive, so kind, so hospitable, became suddenly as strong and as firm as the adamantine rock, and no power of earth was able to tear them from the altars of their divine faith. They stood in defence of that faith for more than 200 years, when the sword waved over the length and breadth of the land, and the nation of martyrs defended the sacred deposit which God and their fathers had left them. And as it is with God as it was with God made man, as it was with the Vicar of God upon this earth, as it is with the first of Christian nations, so must it be with every one of us individually. The more we enter into the spirit of our Lord and and master, Jesus Christ, the more we put Him on,' to use the words of the Apostle, the more shall we clothe ourselves with His mercy, and at the same time strengthen ourselves with His firmness and His strength. And now, beloved brethren, I have come here today to appeal to the two-fold principle. I am come to make my appeal, first, to the gentle, the merciful side of your character as Christians, and I am come, moreover, even if that should fail me, to make my appeal to the eternal principles that can never change, and to ask, to call upon you, in virtue of strength and firmness which belong to every true disciple of Jesus Christ, our Lord The orphanage for which I am speaking to day appeals to you on the common ground of mercy, but there are special motives which appeal to your mercy in connection with this charity. First of all there is its magnitude : it is the greatest, the first, and the most important of all the charities of Ireland. At other times it has been my privilege to speak for the orphans here and everywhere through out this land ; and in this great and chari table city it has been my privilege to appeal for isolated orphanages, where forty or fifty, or perhaps a hundred orphans ;find a home. But to-day it is not by forty or fifty, or hundreds—it is almost by thousands that the children of this orphanage make their appeal to you. They number hundreds scattered here and there, but still within the wide cir- cumference and the comprehensive charge and the supervizing care of this orphanage. The children are received ; they are sent out in charge of families throughout the country ; the peasant mothers of Ireland take them, they are admitted into the peasant families of this land— they ave admitted not as waifs or strays, or objects of charity, but they are admitted as children of the family. They learn to call the country- man the head of the house by the name of ' father;' they learn to call their nurse by the name of 'mother.' They are admitted into the circle of peasant life in Ireland, so pure in the immaculate purity of the mothers, and daughters, and sisters, so pure in the manly purity of the fathers, and brothers and sons. They are admitted into that magic circle where faith and prayer animate and sanctify the humble daily life of our people, where no word will ever fall upon their ears either of uncharitableness or profanity. They are admitted into families who are themselves selected for this charge because of their piety and their well-known devotion, and there they grow into that which is one of the most perfect types of Catholic Christianity that the Church of God ever produced— the Irish peasant of the olden type round whose home round whose head still lingers that halo of traditional virtue which made our people so charming in even the eyes of their invaders and enemies of old. This means of providing for the orphan enables the persons at the head of this charity to send them forth and to care them by hundreds, so that considerably more than a thousand have passed through this orphanage since its foundation. It has another special claim upon us for the very prudence and judgment with which its funds are managed. When we compare the number of children that are sheltered, and saved, and educated with the amount of pecuniary resources at command of the institute which manages them, we are simply astounded, when we behold how much as been done for so little. And yet we are told by the holy lady who presides and by the consecrated sisters who help her, and by those pious lay gentlemen and ladies interested in this charity, that although the orphans received number hundreds, yet the number that cannot yet be received and saved is far greater. The proportion is as nothing of those whom they are enabled to : ? receive to the thousands who stand around. Not only in our own land but among the poor in England and Scotland, is heard the cry imploring the mercy of life eternal as well as life temporal at the hands ot this holy institute. It depends upon you to-day and upon your mercy whether this work shall continue, and whether it shall be strengthened and enlarged, or whether it shall languish and die, and those young souls be abandoned. To what? Abandoned to what ? Now, I have come to appeal to your justice, It is no longer a cry for mercy that I put forth, but it is a command. I tell you, you are not only besought, but I tell you as Catholics, as Irish people, I tell you as men and women redeemed by the heart's blood of the Son of the Eternal God, that you are bound in justice to support, to strengthen, and to encourage this great charity. It is no longer an appeal but a command I put upon you. I appeal to the firmness of your charac ter— I appeal to principle, to right, and to divine faith — for all are at stake in this great charity for which I appeal. Consider the circumstances under which this orphan ago was founded. For three hundred years Ireland has been obliged to defend the sacred deposit of her faith in many ways. At first the only defence she could make was to send out her bishops and priests and her faithful people to die for that faith. It was the blood of her martyrs in those days gone by — it was the blood of her marytrs and the strength of her people willing to die rather than corrupt that divine deposit — that saved Ireland's faith. And when the enemy found that sacred torch, lighted by the hand of St. Patrick from the living fountain of Divine fire in Rome, could never be extinguished in Ireland by merely blood, then other efforts were made, other tactics were tried, and in our days the last effort of heresy and Protestantism, the last strong rally that was made against the faith of the Catholic people of Ireland ; was made in this form. A dreadful visita- tion came over our land ; the people were impoverished even unto death. That dreadful visitation left traces of poverty, disease, and distress for many years behind it ; the enemies of Ireland's faith took ad-. vantage of the poverty of Ireland's peo ple; and they endeavoured to take the children from the fathers and mothers who were reduced to the last and lowest de gree of poverty. They sought to bribe the fathers and mothers, to buy their children from them, to rob them of their offspring, in order that those children might be brought up no matter how provided only they were taught to blaspheme and deny all that was true and holy in the tradi tion of Ireland's religion. Asylums and hospitals were founded in obscure corners of the land. The people were amazed and frightened even in their misery and poverty to hear from the babbling lips of Irish children the name of the Mother of God blasphemed, and the sacred things of God turned into derision. The faith was strong in the hearts and minds of the aged, of those whose faith was formed ; but where the citadel was weakest, in the infant and in the young, there the assault was made; and now, when another danger threatened, as great as the danger that was met by the people's hearts blood shed in a national martyrdom, a new call was made on the Irish people to stand as firm against this new attack as they stood when armies were desolating the land, and when churches and cathedrals lay in ruin around them. The principle is the same : Ireland can lose her faith by perversion of her young as well as by the decimation and destruction of her adults. Therefore, God inspired a daughter of our land, who com- bined in her own character sweetness and mercy with firmness and strength, to go forth and do battle ; and she has fought her battle ' and has striven for justice as for her own soul and the word of Scripture has been fulfilled ' — ' Strive unto prison, ay, unto death ; fight : for justice, and the living God will overcome thine enemies for thee.' That faith is the highest, the holiest, almost the only heritage of our people, almost their only heritage ; and no matter how slender the hold they may have upon the goods of this world — no matter how failing the grasp with which they are able to take seisin of the soil of this earth, even though that soil be their own fathers-— as long as they have that divine faith flourishing in their souls, and illustrated in their lives by its accompanying sacramental graces, the kingdom of heaven is at least assured to them, and whatever may be denied to them on earth, their glory and eternal happiness is made their own by the promise unfailing of the Almighty. The baptized child of a Catholic parent, though the father may be in his grave and the mother reduced to the lowest misery, perhaps lying on a fever- stricken bed, and seeing her children around her, even then she may be tempted to let them go from all that she holds to be true and dearer to her than life. That child has a sacred claim upon you. Christ our Lord stands up beside her infant, and says, 'This child is mine by baptism, by the blood of the martyrs that was in his veins ; this child is about to be taken from me, and I say to you as Catholics and Irishmen, shall this child be left to Me or taken away out of My arms.' I tell you it is no longer a mere question leaving you at liberty to say ' yes or ' no ' — it is no longer a mere question of mercy— it is a question of right and of eternal justice, of the Divine interests, of God's eternal interests. For that young soul, for the Divine faith of our people— their brightest and greatest glory— for all those, who are called on to defend, to strengthen and enlarge this charity, just as your forefathers were called on to go out and proclaim tho faith, and to bleed and die for their religion. Therefore, my beloved brethren, if I come to you to-day with a prayer, and at the same time command by my lips— if I come to you to-day to appeal to all that is merciful, and all that is strong in your characters as Christians — if I come to ' you to-day upon the knees of my soul to ask you have mercy upon these children still I come not empty- handed. Oh ! no—the Lord God, whose Word I speak, has filled my hands for you with all the treasures and blessings of Heaven. He has commanded me to tell you that even as the sun in noonday splendour shineth and filleth the world with light, so shall your souls sbine in the Kingdom of God according to the meacure of your mercy to-day. ' Deal thy bread,' says the prophet, ' bring the needy and the harbour less into thy house. When thou seest one naked, cover him, and despise not thy own flesh. Then shall thy light break forth as the morning, and thy brightness shall go before thy face, and the glory of the Lord wili gather them up. Then shall thy dark ness become as the light, and thy night shall become even as the noonday, and the Lord will give thee rest continually, and fill thy soul with light.' Oh ! great is the reward and great is the crown and bright which I hold in my hands and deliver to you to-day. Set it upon your heads. To-day, indeed, it is a crown of mercy ; to-morrow it will be a crown of unfading glory where He who, for mercy, died upon the cross reigns, the God, the crown, and the glory of the mer- ciful in that kingdom of eternal happiness. Oh ! may He send forth the angel of His mercy ; may that angel spread his wings mystically over you ; may He shower down upon you the gift; of that quality of mercy which is not strained, but which, large and generous, poureth itself out in measure full and packed, and filled to overflowing ; for the measure you measure to others the same shall be measured unto you in the kingdom of His eternal glory. The appeal was munificently responded to. 