EUROPEAN NEWS. flgj" Compiled, from the European Mail and other late journals:— Camphor as a Poison.—Dr. George John son has reported another case of poisoning by homoeopathic camphor, the notes of "which were furnished' by Mr. Grubb, of Warminster. A young gentleman, aged 18, wishing to cure a cold, took on sugar in the course of six hours seven doses of homoeopathic camphor, each dose contain ing three dropB. Within five minutes after taking the last dose, without the slightest warning, he had a severe epileptic fit, which lasted more than a quarter of an hour. Since tho attack he had been feel ing "queer," and at the time of Mr. Grubb's report, a month after the acci dent, he had not fully recovered. Cases such as the above cannot be made too widely known. The use of camphor for the cure of colds is rapidly extending, and the people who use it have not the slightest idea that they are playing with a poison. The Use of Opiates.—Having regard to the rush and intensity of business in this age of telegrams and post cards, the sub stitution of stimulus for rest leads with scores of people to the substitution of nar cotism for sleep. Few of us are aware how the use of chloral has increased since the mischievous notion got about that it was comparatively harmless if first taken tinder medical advice, and if afterwards ^the patient took care not to swallow it too t, and not to increase the dose. Di people become familiar with a drug |is kind they cease to regard such pre Dns. They take it whenever they ; to want the fictitious repose which 111 produce, and they soon discover that repose is only to be obtained by sing the doBe. They never reflect jbhe action of all narcotics is cumula -that they are in some way so de ad in the system tliat there may come |e when the usual dose is an over- : I and will have most injurious, if not [effects. That some peculiar condi if the health, the digestion, the cir on, or the nervous system, may for |em to touch what they have seemed able to take with impunity ; and rhen they tilt the little bottle and J the sleeping draught they are looking lease, and it may even be death, in the lace. Only the other day an accomplished gentleman, who had acquired the habit of over-stimulation, and had indulged in it till he became an involuntary drunkard, and sought au asylum in an establishment for the cure of dipsomaniacs, died sud denly from the effects of a dose of chloral, which seems to have been no greater than that to which he had been accustomed. It is the insidious property of all the usual narcotics—opium, liaschisch, lau danum, or chloral—to set up some dan gerous condition, which will, if neglected, prove fatal either to the body or to the braiu. The hospital, the grave, and the mad-houBe, are the three goals to which imon use of opiates to relieve the the strain of life seems to point, the roads at the junction of lal is tho newest aud the most Tnger-post at present. Women |en have learnt to sip the fatal lat some of them have been chloroform by the danger of 111\. It is time for them to fer, that chloral may be little lat the injuries it inflicts are Inevitable, and that opiates, jink, may carry their evil in |ther generation, urnalism.—The latest jour f>it achieved in Paris is the a dead men's paper called The Other World.' This ghostly jour nal, although it is of the size and shape of an ordinary French paper, is very dif ferent in other respects, being printed in red letters upon a black ground, so as to give the sheet something of the appearance of those dirty-looking preparations sold as fly-papers. As for the contents of the paper, they are divided under the usual headings to he found in less eccentric pub lications, but no article or paragraph is apparently admitted which does not in some way allude to the world of spirits, while in most of them his Satanic Majesty plays a prominent part. Thus the feuille ton is entitled, " Le Diable chez le roi de Prusse." The "administration" of the journal is supposed to be carried on at No. 13 Quai du Styx, and the writers affect a style suitable to their character, either as ghosts or something still less "canny." The jokes are, doubtless, in tended to be taken as inspired by the author of evil ; but unless that terrible personage were capable of a higher class of intellectual effort, ho would hardly have much chance of deceiving even the most simple of mortals. Perhaps the best part of the production are the little wood-cuts which are scattered in profusion over the pages, and represent various sorts of hideous and would-be infernal shapes. There are oats in distorted attitudes, which, however, will not strike the Pari sian reader as being quite new; witches galloping on broomsticks or crouching over capldrons ; and of course plenty of death's he ads and crossbones. The price of the journal is announced as 25 centimes "for thi s world only," but the reader is left to gu sss whether the price down below is hi| her or lower. Altogether, in spite of th< ■ efforts made te keep up the illusion, it [must be exceedingly difficult for any reaWer to elicit from the dirty pages of ' L' AutrP|Monde\anything of that far from div ne , .ratusioMh^ught to breathe one bered that during the Crimean War offers were made to raise a regiment or two in (Old) Canada, but it was not till after its close that a Canadian regiment was en rolled. The Cost of War.-—The following state ment respecting the loss of lives and money in the wars of the last twenty-five years, 1852-77, appears in a contemporary, and is, perhaps, as near the truth as it is pos sible to come in so large a subject. The statement is carefully compiled from the official statistics of the various nations concerned, and includes, in addition to the troops slain, a portion of the deaths occasioned by the ravages of the wars among the civil population I. Lives lost, 1852-77—killed in battle, or died of wounds and disease—Crimean War, 750,000; Italian War (1859), 45,000 ; war of Schleswig-Holslein, 3000 ; Ame rican Civil War—the North, 280,000; the South, 520,000—800,000; war be tween Prussia, Austria, and Italy in 1SGG, 45,000; expeditions to Mexico, Cochin China, Morocco, Paraguay, &c.;, 65,000; Franco-German War of 1870-71—France, 155,000; Germany, 60,000 — 215,000; Turkish massacres of Christians in Bul garia, Armenia, &c.;, 1876-77, 25,000; total, 1,948,000. IT. Cost, 1852-77, Cri mean War 360 million pounds; Italian War, of 1859, 60 millions ; American Civil War—the North, 940 millions ; the South, 460 millions—14O0 millions ; Schleswig Holstein War, seven millions ; Austrian and Prussian War, I860, 60 millions; expeditions to Mexico, Morocco, Para guay, &c.; (say only), 40 millions; Franco Prussian War, 500 millions ; total, 2413 million pounds. The loss of life is equal to about half the population of the whole metropolitan area ; and we may vaguely imagine what would be the effect upon production and consumption of absolutely depopulating the whole of the West and North districts of London. The loss of 2413 millions sterling of capital is equal to. about_ejght or ten years' revenue of all the Governments of Europe and North America. But a public revenue is applied in the payment of services and the pro motion of public works which are to a large extent useful. The 2413 millions , money destroyed in war have been, absolutely annihilated. Further, the fortresses, ships, artillery, &c.;, de stroyed by war have to be replaced by capital taken, over a series of years, from productive purposes. The same re mark applies to the pensions and rewards granted to maimed and disabled soldiers and sailors. t -Ti1 c 9anaI Population.—On June 4, at Litchfield, the Yen. Archdeacon lies com menced his first visitation. He men tioned that the bishop of the diocese had taken upon himself the entire responsi bility of the new mission to canal boat men, and had engaged a chaplain and ordered a church-boat, in which his lord ship lumself would make the first mis sionary journey. -A- Practical Settlement of the Burials Vjuestion. On May 12 the memorial stone of the cemetery chapel was laid by the Chairman of the Burials Board, at Ad lington, Lancashire. This bnilding is for the use of Churchmen, Roman Catholics, and Nonconformists alike. Although there were funds in hand to build three sepa rate chapels, the representatives of all denominations agreed that one would an swer the purpose. At the laying of the stone speeches were made by the vicar of the parish, the Roman Catholic priest, and the Independent minister, and after wards, m the evening, all dined together. Interesting Point in Marine Insurance. —Some questions having been raised as to the liability of underwriters when meat is thrown overboard under circumstances similar to those which occurred on the voyage of the City of Brussels, it may be interesting to know the practice which generally rules in such cases. Assuming that the owners of the meat had a policy insured free of particular average, that portion of the beef consumed by the ship s crew and the passengers would be come a claim upon the shipowner, and the portion which it was deemed necessary to throw overboard as a measure of safety to health would not form a claim against the underwriters, inasmuch as it has been de cided, m the case of " Taylor v. Dunbar " that where meat shipped at Hamburg be came putrid through delay on the voyage, caused by tempestuous weather, and was liecesBanly thrown into the sea, there was no loss within the meaning of the policy. •Novel Breach of Promise.—Some time since a girl, who had been courted by a young man, named Taylor, at Wick, emi pated to Australia to better her position but was induced under a promise of mar riage to return home. After considerable delay Taylor refused to marry her. where upon she brought an action for breach of promise, obtaining a verdict with £500 damages. Failing to pay this sum Tay lor was committed to prison. Since then the faithless swain has petitioned the Sheriffs Court at Wick for an order that the plaintiff should contribute to his main tenance. The application was granted. So that, besides paying her own costs and obtaining no remedy, the plaintiff must now pay a weekly sum to keep her per jured lover, or he will be released. Cricket—The annual match between .®,No^th ,and the South> f°r the benefit °f tfie Cricketers' Fund, was commenced on May 31 at Prince's Ground, and was 'brought to a conclusion on June 2. The South took first innings, and scored the enormous total of 450. Mr. W. G. Grace played a really wonderful innings of 261 a performance which may take rank among any of his best innings. Mr. Cotterill and Grace also displayed fine cricket. into bat, made 143. score with a capital follow on," better stand, inutes Thus the for the The South; MWPot iI# and E. lockwood, . Trotter, ,aqd piq f Mar > three , a fine lie Pre For a ion has » paper, that the as forbid more than a fo^ the discusr the purpose, it is believed, of attending market, and at half-past two o'clock his dead body was found by some members of his own family in the avenue leading to his house. He had been shot through the back, and afterwards through the face. Mr. Young came into possession of his es tates in 1843, on the death of his father, who had been frequently threatened dur ing the minority of Mr. Young. A portion of the estate was allowed to get into the hands of squatters, and it is believed the present outrage arose out of Mr. Young's dealings with them. He had been fired at some time ago. Mr. Young was mar ried, and leaves a widow and eight chil dren, the eldest of whom is only twelve years. It is feared there is little chance of bringing the murderer to justice. On J une 6 a preliminary meeting was held in the Court House, Castlerea, The O'Con nor Don, M.P., in the chair, when it was decided to hold a public meeting on June 11 in the same place, to express the indig nation felt at the assassination of Mr. Young, and to raise a fund such as may lead to the discovery and conviction of the perpetrators. A few gentlemen present started the subscription list with various sums, amounting to £350. Cardinal Ledochowski, the Archbishop of Posen, who was deposed by the Prus sian authorities, and took refuge in the Vatican, has been condemned by default to 12 months' imprisonment for libelling Prince Bismarck, and to 3000 marks fine, or seven months' imprisonment, for con tinued use of the title and functions. A Liverpool Millionaire.—The will of the late Mr. John Pemberton Heywood, banker, Liverpool, has just been proved by his nephew, Mr. Arthur Pemberton Lonsdale. The personalty is sworn un der £1,900,000, and the purchase of the probate. Stamp gives the Government £28,500. After the payment of various family bequests, the residue of the pro perty, which will amount in value to about £1,250,000, is left to Mr. Lons dale, who is the sole residuary legatee. A Tidal Wave.—It appears that sim ultaneously with the earthquake which occurred at Iquiquo, in Peru, a tidal wave struck the Sandwich Islands and caused considerable damage. The sea suddenly receded, and returned with great violence, in a wave sixteen feet high. Wharves and warehouses were swept away, houses were destroyed, and there was some loss of life, five persons being drowned. One island was totally submerged. Bacon a Freemason.—At the last meet ing of the Freemason Lodge of Antiquity, of which Prince Leopold is Master, a mem ber propounded a theory to the effect that Bacon was a Freemason. It has been con tended, from internal evidence of his plays, that Shakespere was a member of the craft, and it is by turning to account cer tain references and remarks in his writings that the claim to add Bacon is now pre ferred. The subject is one which cannot well be discussed with the outer world who are not Masons, so that we are unable to do more at present than register the fact, and to add that many brethren con sider a good case to have been made out. Coomassie. —The word Coomassie means, " The town under the tree," and was so called because the fonnder sat under a broad tree surrounded by his warriors, while he laid out the place for the future town. The market-place was marked off around the tree, and it naturally became the great fetish tree of the town. On the day upon which Sir Garnet sent his ulti matum, on his summons to King Coffee, a bird of ill-omen was seen to perch upon the tree, and half an hour afterwards a tornado sprang up, and the fetish tree was levelled to the ground ! This caused a profound sensation in Coomassie, which was notlittle heightened when Sir Garnet's letter arrived, and proved to be dated upon the day upon which the fetish tree had fallen. The Temple of Juggernauth.—The most remarkable evidence of the extraordinary power of the pendent roots of the Banian has been lately exhibited in the celebrated Temple of Juggernauth. The great Hin doo Temple of Juggernauth is notorious throughout the world. Built at a cost of half a million sterling, it is black with age. After seven centuries this sacred edifice, which had defied the ele ments and encroachments of age, has been suddenly found to be on the verge of de struction. The seeds of the Banian and Peepul tree have got under the founda tions ; the whole fabric has been loosened. The ruin was first indicated by the fall of some large stones, just after the idols had left the temple on the last car festival. Had they fallen a few minutes before they would have been smashed to atoms. The catastrophe has, as may be imagined, caused great consternation, and is likely to have a disastrous effect on the prestige of the great Juggernauth. It is a curious coincidence that the most celebrated Hin doo temple should be thus undermined by trees held sacred, if not divine, by the whole Hindoo nation. Is is accident—or Nemesis ? " Summer Schools"- are becoming a re gular institution in America, and no more pleasant way could be devised of combin ing the dulce and the utile than that of a proposed aquatic summer school of natural history, which, under the direc tion of Prof. Theodore B. Comstock, of Cornell University, intends to charter a large steamer, and spend the summer around the shores of Lake Superior in the study of the geology and natural history of that region. The steamer will carry from 75 to 100 passengers, to be made up of students and professors. Regular in struction will be given in the form of lectures during the voyage, and every fa cility afforded by the examination of min ing localities and the like. The vessel will probably start from Cleveland or Detroit on July 7, and proceed thence to Lake Superior, making its full circumna vigation. " The coast of Georgian Bay, on Lake Huron, will be investigated on the return voyage. The expense will probab Iy amount to about $125 for each person. In addition to the aquatic summer school mentioned above, Harvard University an nounces two special summer courses of instruction, one in zoology and the other in geology. 