SPORTS AND AMUSEMENTS. During the past month Mrs. Mary Gladstone, tragedienne, and her company, have occupied the Theatre Royal, and have been drawing densely crowded houses. The company opened here on the 22nd ult. with the play of Marie Stuart, and they have occupied the theatre ever since with the exception of a short visit to Launceston. Mrs. Glad- stone is an actress of undoubted ability, and as she is supported by a company of very fair average merit, the performances have been generally successful. The company will occupy the theatre for the remainder of this week, and then proceed to Launceston for a fortnight. There has been a fair proportion of sports and amusements of every description, during the past month both in the city and in the country districts, including, of course, the usual out-door amusements such as cricket, excursions, etc. The match Break-o'-Day against the Wellington Club was finished on the 20th ult., resulting in a victory for the former by eight wickets. On the 25th ult. a match was played on the Association Ground between a team comprising 11 " Visitors," and a like number from the Southern Tasmanian Cricket Association. The result was decidedly in favour of the local men, who scored an easy victory in one innings with 43 runs to spare. A match was played at New Norfolk on the 27th ult., between an eleven and eighteen of the local club, captained respectively by A. Downie and W. M. Bromby, which resulted in a victory for the eleven with five wickets to spare. The first match between the Hamilton and Ouse Clubs was played at the Ouse on the 27th ult. The Ouse is a new club, and the men had never competed in a match before ; while the Hamilton team were old cricketers, and went to the ground fully expecting to score a victory. They were, however, defeated by two wickets, much to their surprise, and the joy of their opponents. Mr. J. Harris captained the Ouse, and Mr. A. Jackson the Hamilton team. Another local match was played on the Association Ground on the 30th alt between 11 members of Mrs. Gladstone's Dramatic Company, and 11 of the Press Club. The game resulted in leaving the Press Club winners by one innings, with 16 runs to spare. The match was a very one-sided affair altogether, but was more of a friendly contest than otherwise. The match between elevens of the Derwent and Break o'Day clubs, commenced on the 27th ultimo, was continued on the 3rd inst., and resulted in a draw. The Tennis Court is still a favourite resort, and we understand that the cb ampion Cup is being played for, each player on his own merits, and without handicap. The usual monthly meeting of the Derwent Yacht Club was held on the 8th inst., when the sailing committee brought up a report, recommend- ing that an alteration in the time allowances for length be made, but, after considerable discussion, the motion that the report be adopted was negatived. It was then resolved that as the Kathleen had won two races, she should be specially handicapped, and should neither give, nor be allowed time. On the evening of the 9th inst. a gymnastic enter- tainment the first of the kind ever given in Hobart Town was held at the Theatre Royal, and was patronised by a very large audience. The star statement of a gymnasium in Hobart Town is only of recent date, but short as the time has been, it has been sufficient for Professor West to turn out a band of youths-to many of whomagymnasiumwas twelve months ago known only in name-so proficient and well- trained in various gymnastic exercises that we cannot but be agreeably surprised at the results obtained during such a limited period. Abundant proof of this was afforded at the Theatre Royal on the evening mentioned, when, according to announcement, a grand assault at-arms and gymnastic performance was given by Professor West and his pupils from the Hobart Town Gymnasium. We can only speak in terms of the highest praise of the performance throughout. The first part consisted of sword feats by Professor West, which were executed with remarkable skill. Following these feats were the gymnastic performances, in which Mr. West displayed the abilities of some of his pupils to great advantage. The horizontal bar, ladder, parallel bars, rings, climbing the rope, and vaulting horse exercises, were gone through by Professor West and eleven of his pupils in a very creditable and skilful manner. In addition to these 1 performances were the advanced exercises on the horizontal bar by Professor West and Mr. D. Lewis, jun., and fencing with foils and boxing by Professor West and a pupil. At the conclusion of a very enjoyable performances, two prizes gold medals were given, one to Mr. Osborne as the most proficient pupil who had performed that evening, and the other to Mr. Finlay as the pupil who had made the most improvement since the opening of the Gymnasium. GREEN PONDS RACES Stewards-Alfred Pace,E»o Kendrick Flexmore, Esq John Palmer, Esq, William Brock, Esq, Samuel Blackwell, Esq, Dr Pocock, Daniel Brown, jun , Esq Judge John Palmer, Esq Starter Samuel Blackwell, sen , Esq Clerk of the Course Mr P Dalian This annual turf gathering was held on the 1st inst, and was tolerably successful, although the attendance could not be termed first class, this no doubt, being principally attributable to the fact that the great meeting at Elwick was near at hand, a matter that prevented many local hut town for the scene of operations There were the usual concomitants of a country racecourse, and on the whole ev easy thing passed off very pleasant!) The course was in very bad order, the ground being very hard and we heard that the trainers have had rather hard times of it But apart from this, the stewards had done their best to get up a good day s racing, so that we will excuse them on this occasion, hoping next year to see some improve- meat on the course The racing commenced with the Maiden Plate, the whole of the competitors engaged facing the starter The Woodlands colt Ingomar was the favourite, but bolting, after going a short distance, lost a 1 chance of the race from this out the event was, a very hollow affair, the winner turning up in Hermit, who won with ridiculous ease by half a dozen lengths J his next event on the profeiammc-the Handicap Cup-was looked upon as the race of the day All the acceptors sported silk, and Parthenia stilled A very good favourite- but 'Talleyrand and Albion was well supported by their hands The result was a surprise to a great many, for the race ended as did the opening event was won easily. At the Start Parthenia took the lead, but was soon passed by Valley and who in turn had to give place to Albion, who then made the most of the running, and won easily at the finish from Talleyrand Parthenia bolted off the course on Hearing the winning post. Albion U now well known as being by Lord Erin from Molly Bawn. and will be remembered as having won the Autumn Handicap in May last year at Elwick. The running of Parthenia appeared hard to account for. That she possesses speed there can be but one opinion and her running was the more annoying considering she was in splendid ern ditto. Old Talleyrand seemed all abroad, and it was evidently not his day out. Following the Cup came the Hurdle Race, three horses putting in an appearance. This race was shorn of most of its interest by Talleyrand baulking nearly all through the race. There was a very good race between the remaining competitors, the event being won by Tommy Dodd. Albion and Talleyrand next met to "fight their battle o'er again " at weight for ago in the Publicans' Purse, but after a good race the former was declared the victor. The Consolation Stakes followed, three hours weighing out. Parthenia was again made a the favourite, and justified the confidence placed in her, for she caught the judge's eye first, but having gone inside a post lost the stakes. A Selling Stakes concluded the programme. Air. Blackwell, sen., in the capacity of starter, gave every satisfaction and Mr. J. Palmer, as clerk of the scales and judge, although his services were by no means very trying, discharged his duties admirably. Mr. Thos. Wells, the indefatigable secretary, was also very energetic. TASMANIAN TURF CLUB. ANNUAL MEETING. Patron : His Excellency, F. A. Weld, Esq. Vice Patron : Joseph Archer, Esq. Stewards : W. Dodery, Esq., Charles Youl, Esq., W. C. Maddox, Esq., T. C. Just, Esq., Wm. Field, Esq., George Ritchie, Esq., George Collins, Esq., W. 1). Landale, Esq., J. A. Ferguson, Esq., W. T. Bell, Esq., H. Gamble, Esq. Handicapper : N. R. D. Bond, Esq. Judge : W. Dodery, Esq. Starter : Geo. Ritchie, Esq. Clerk of the Course 5 Mr. Walter Harris. Secretary : Wm. Hartnoll, jun., Esq. The annual meeting of this club for 1877 was commenced on Wednesday, 7th inst., and proved the most successful ever held on the Mowbray course. The attendance of spectators was about four thousand j the grand stand contained about a thousand, including a very gay assemblage of ladies. His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by Mr. Weld-Blundell and Mr. Stourton, arrived on the ground at 1 o'clock, and was met by the stewards. Amongst the other visitors was the Hon. T. Reibey, Colonial Secretary ; the Hon. C. H. Bromby, Attorney-General ; the Hon. J. R. Scott, ALEC. and John Swan, Esq., Inspector of Police. Several well-appointed four-in-hand teams were on the course. The new arrangements on the course, though not completed, are a great improvement on the old ones. The races generally were well contested, and considerable business was done in the saddling paddock. THE RACING. With regard to the running ground various opinions were expressed, and some dissatisfaction existed amongst the trainers as to its hardness. In consequence of the latter the majority of the horses contested their races without shoes. The majority of the events on the programme were well contested, especially the Cup, which was considered by many as the best race ever seen on the Mowbray course. Proceedings commenced with the Maiden Plate, for which eight of the nine competitors coloured on the card faced the starter, the absentee being Temperance, who was reserved for the Cornwall Handicap. Pearl was installed the favourite. The start was a very moderate one indeed, and before the horses had proceeded far on their journey, Ellengowan, who had been rather fractious at the post ran off the course, and attempted to take the fence near the carriage reserve. In consequence of this the rider was thrown, and was partly stunned. The conspicuous horses in the race were Pearl, Panic, and Liberty, the others being from the start outpaced. The race resulted in a splendid finish, and was only won by the Enfield filly (Pearl) by a neck. Little Panic ran very gamely throughout the race, and we shall be surprised if he does not place a good stake to the credit of the Antill Ponds stable at this meeting or at Elwick. The Maiden Plate over, the Two Year Old Stakes came on for decision, and of the seven youngsters engaged, four put in an appearance. The Victorian colt Rapidity was made a very firm favourite, and fully justified the confidence placed in him, for he won the race in a common canter, pulling double all up the straight for home. Rapidity is a fine strapping colt, is by Tim Whiffler from Fly, and is owned by Air. Brown, of Wonga, Victoria, so well known as one of Tasmania's oldest sportsmen. The colt first made his appearance in the Maribyrnong Plate at Flemington last November but was not successful, and has shared the same fate in one or two events since that time. Of the other youngsters in the race, little fault could be found with British Workman, who, considering his condition, performed very creditably. The next item on the programme being the Cup, caused considerable excitement, and as the process of saddling was in operation, the competitors were surrounded by their admirers. The majority of the horses were in excellent fettle, most notably Southern Cross, Spark, and Bella. The whole of the acceptors (eleven) weighed . out, and Air. Field declared to win with the veteran I Strop. Southern Cross was the favourite. Bella was the first to appear on the course, and she was closely followed by her stable companion, who was the first to take a preliminary canter. As Southern Cross i passed by the stand, her action was very much admired, and those who had pinned their faith in her were very sanguine of the result. At the start the horses presented a very pretty appearance, and after a slight delay, they were despatched on their journey. Owing to the dust and haziness, a very good view of the whole of the race could not be obtained, the ' colours of the jockeys being hard to distinguish. At the start, Adelaide was indulged with a slight lead, ! and before the horses had proceeded far on their journey, Confidence bolted, and got rid of his rider, Passing the stand for the first time, all the competitors were going easy, and all very well together, but at the back of the course they began to tail off, and presented a straggling appearance. At the Newmarket Stables it appeared to be anybody's race, Southern Cross, Bella, Spark, Adelaide, and impudence all looking dangerous, but before going much further, Southern Cross was beaten and fell back. Turning into the straight Spark, Bella, and Adelaide singled themselves out from the rest of the field, the former having a slight advantage, and the horses came along admidst cries of "Bella wins," "Spark wind," but the latter always had the best of it, and won a splendid race by about two lengths, half a length only separating Bella and Adelaide, Impudence being fourth, and Southern Cross fifth, the others being beaten off. At no time was The Painter dangerous, and Joseph, Billy Bell, and Black Boy were out of their element in such company. Spark, the winner, is by Fireworks from First Flight, and was bred at the Maribyrnong stud estate, Victoria. His career on the turf has been a very unsuccessful one. His first appearance was at the Spring Meeting of the V.)i.C. in 1875, when he sported silk in the Maribyrnong Plate, Kensington Stakes, and £100 Plate, but failed to gain a situation in any one of the three events. The following year, at the Autumn Meeting of the same club, he contested the Hospital Stakes, and was again nowhere. Shortly after this he was taken to South Australia, and appeared in the Two-Year-Old Stakes and Maiden Plate, being not placed in the first named, and in the second he was amongst the placed horses for the first time, running third. When three years old, be appeared at Flemington again at the Autumn Meeting of the V.R.C., but his usual ill luck hUU followed him for he was nowhere in the only race he contested, the Keilor Stakes. During the present season in Victoria he has not done much, his best performance being third in the Geelong Gold Cup, which was won by that grand colt Pride of the Hills. From the above list of Spark's performances it will be seen that the ) Launceston Cup is his first big win, but we cannot help stating, before closing our introductory remarks on the races, that we believe the Gold Cup would have remained in Tasmania but for an error of judgment made by the Enfield stable. That old Strop was not fitter than Bella was at once apparent, for the old horse moved very gingerly, and hence a great mistake was made in declaring to win with the old son of Panic. The consequence was that the mare was running in the interests of her stable companion, which greatly interfered with her chance ; but notwithstanding all this, it was the opinion of many that had Tom Hales been in the saddle, Bella would have pulled off the event. The time for the race is not bad, considering the state of the ground. Excitement over the cup having subsided, the bell sounded for the nags to weigh for the Cornwall Handicap, which showed a large entry, sixteen horses having been entered. Of these, only seven faced the starter, and after a couple of false starts, through Bishopsbourne and Temperance attempting to get away, the competitors were got away to a tolerably good start. The prominent forces in the race were Blazes, Happy Jack, Temperance and Bishopsbourne and the former, after being well handled by W. Enderson, won a well-contested . race throughout by a length. The Mowbray Hurdle : race was the concluding item of the programme, and was another excellent event, three of the best hurdle riders in the colonies having mounts, , namely, Chifney, Rowe, and anderson. At the finish of the race, Planet and Quicksilver were the only two in it as, after passing the stand the first time round, Victor lost his rider, and this mishap was followed by Cronstadt, when, holding a good position, falling at the back of the course, and giving Chifney a slight shaking. On nearing home I.F. also came down, but was again remounted, and passed the post. The finish between Athol and Quicksilver was very exciting, and the former won in the end by about two lengths. During the race one or two of the coin Jietitora received slight bruises, the worst off being I.F., who showed signs of lameness when leaving the i saddling paddock. The following is a description of the running :- j j MAIDEN PLATE. Of £30, for all horses that have never won more than I £20 of public money in one event prior to entry. Weights-3yrs.,7st.91b.¡4yrs.,9st;5yTS., UstGlb.; G yrs. and aged, 9st. 8lb, Mares and geldings allowed 3lb. Distance, is miles. Mr. W. Field's br of Pearl, 3 yrs, 7st. Gib. , (W. Motton) 1 Mr J.C.Lord'B br g Panic (late Alfred) aged, 9st 5lb. R (J. Aitken) 2 Messrs. H. R. and J. W. Falkiner's b g Liberty, aged, five. 5lb. (W. Forster) 3 Mr. Jno. Stanfield's b h Sepoy, aged, 9st. 8lb. (W. McGuire) 0 Mr. R. Baker's br m Morning Light, 5 yrs, 9st. 3lb. (J. Baker) 0 Mr. R. Earl's b h British King, 4 yrs, Oat. j (W. H. Mence) 0 Mr. W. Bertram's br g Ellangowan, 3 yrs, 7st. 5lb. (J. Douglas) 0 Mr. P. Viney's of Lalla, 3 yrs, 7st. (Gib. (M Condon) 0 I Betting : 3 to 1 bar one (Pearl), Temperance was i scratched. After some delay at the post, owing to the fractrSus ness of British King and Ellengowan, the competitors were got away to a very uneven start. Near the carriage reserve Elleognwau ran off the course, and I threw her rider, and took no further part in the race. I Passing the stand the Pearl had a slight lead of Panic, with Sepoy third, Liberty next in order, Leila I bringing up the rear. At the first turn Pearl and Punic were together, the whole of the other competitors in straggling order. At the back of the course the same positions were maintained, but at the Newmarket stables Pearl, Panic, and Liberty were together, and running a good race. On nearing the distance post Pearl and Panic settled down to their work, Liberty dropping to the rear a couple of lengths. Up the straight a splendid race ensued between Pearl and Panic, the former at last winning a fine race by a neck from the Antill Ponds horse. Liberty was third, < Sepoy fourth, the others nowhere, Leila being the 'absolute last. Time, 1min. 20sec., TWO-YEAR-OLD STAKES. Of £50, with a sweepstakes of 3 Sovs. each added Distance, six furlongs. Weights colts, 8st 5lb.; fillies, 8st ' Mr. F. Long's bro Rapidity, 8st. 3lb. (J. Cavanagh) 1 Mr. John Field's br c British Workman, 8st. 3lb. (F. Lynch 2 Mr. W. Field's br c No Faults, 8st 3lb. (W. Motton} 3 Mr. C. J. L Smith's g c Cerras, 8st. 3lb. (C. Hall) 0 Betting : 3 to 1 on Rapidity. Busy Bee, Dcvilskin, and Forest Queen were scratched. After two false starts the youngsters were despatched in straggling order, British Workman taking up the running, closely followed by No Faults and Cervus, Rapidity being three lengths in the rear. At the turn Rapidity had run through his horses, and passing the Newmarket Stables was leading by two lengths, with British Workman second. No Faults third. From this out the race was virtually over. At the distance post the competitors had not changed their positions, and Rapidity led up the straight, and won easily by a length, hard held. British Workman was second, No Faults third, Cervus last. Time, 2min. 25sec. LAUNCESTON GOLD CUP. A trophy valued at 200 song., with £300, and a sweep of 15 Sovs. each added (handicap). Second horse £30, and third horse £20 from the stake. The winner t of any handicap race of the value of £100 after the declaration of weights to carry 5lb. extra ; two or more such races 8lb. extra. Distance two miles. Mr. Jno. Arthur's br h Spark, 4 yrs, 7st. 8lb. (J. Lang) 1 Mr. Wm. Field's b m Bella, 4 yrs, 6st 10lb. (W. Motton) 2 Mr. H. Phillips's b of Adelaide, 3 yrs, 6st. 7lb. (RSnarey) 3 Mr. F. Long's h m Southern Cross, 5 yrs, 8st, 2lb. (J. Kavanagh) 0 Mr. C. F, Fraser's blk h Impudence, 4 yrs, Sat, (T. Hales) 0 Mr. C. B. Fisher's br h The Painter, 4 yrs, 7st. 8lb. (M. Condon) 0 Mr. Wm. Field's b g Strop, aged, 7st. (H. Motton) 0 Mr. David Collins b h Joseph, 5 yrs, 6st. 10lb. (G. Stebbings) 0 Mr. C. J. L. Smith's blk g Black Boy, 6 yrs, 6st. 4lb (H. McKay) 0 Mr. Jno. Field's br c Billy Bill, 3 yrs,' 6st. 4lb. (F. Smith 0 Mr. A. O'Connor's br c Confidence, 3 yrs, 6st. (A Munting) 0 Betting : 2 to 1 against Southern Cross ; 4 to 1 Spark and Adelaide ; 5 to 1 Impudence and Fainter ; 6 to 1 Bella; 100 to 12 Strap; from 10 to 20 to 1 any other. Owing to the large field some delay was occasioned at the start for this event. The field presented a very pretty appearance at the post, and when the flag was lowered, all the competitors went off in pretty good order, the colours of Adelaide showing slightly in advance. After a few yards had been traversed Confidence bolted and threw his rider, taking no further part in the race. Near the old clump of wattles the field were all together, and passing the Newmarket stables Billy Bell was observed to have a slight lead. Near the distance post it was a splendid race, all going easy. Passing the grand stand for the first time Adelaide was leading, with Southern Cross in close attendance, the majority of the others in fair order, Joseph acting as whipper-in At the turn Southern Cross had assumed the lead, with Adelaide in close attendance immediately followed by Spark and Impudence. All along the back of the course the horses presented a straggling appearance. Strop, who had been hanging back, made an effort but was soon beaten off when his stable companion had to take up the running, and on again passing the stables Southern Cross and Bella were together, with Spark and Adelaide close up. Here Southern Cross fell away, and Spark led round the turn and into the straight with a slight lead, eventually winning by two lengths, Bella second, Adelaide half-a-length behind, Impudence 2 fourth, the others beaten off. Time 3 min. 43 sees. ' ' CORNWALL HANDICAP. Of £30; H miles. Acceptance, 1 so v., at scales. Mr. S. Waldock's b g Blazes, aged, 8st. 7lb. (W. Enderson) 1 Mr. W. Atkinson's b g Happy Jack, 5 yrs, 8st. 2lb. (G. Stebbings) 2 Mr. A. O'Connor's b g Temperance, aged, 8st. i (T. Dean) 3 Mr, R. Baker's g m Cassy, 5 yrs, 7st. 5lb. (W. Motton) 0 Mr. Wm. Bennetts b m Governor's Lady, 5 yrs. 7st 8lb. J (H. Motton) 0 Mr. C. J. L. Smith's blk g Self Reliance, 6 yrs, 7st 8lb. 2 . (R. Snarey) 0 Mr. Jno Field's b g Bishopsbourne, aged, 8st. 4lb. (R. Rowe) 0 Betting : Even on Blazes. Ellangowan, The Fakir, I Heir of Linne. Peeping Tom, Little Dick, Leila, I Governor, Panic, and Butcher Boy did not accept. After two false starts, Bishopsbourne and Temperance being very anxious to get away, the field were despatched on their journey, Blazes and Bishopsbourne at once taking up the running. At the Newmarket i stables all the competitors were together, but at the turn for the straight Temperance had assumed the lead, with Happy Jack and Bishopsbourne as his immediate attendants. Passing the stand the same 1 positions were maintained, but at the turn near the , site of the old stand Blazes had run into third place. At the back of the course all the competitors were i running in Indian file, and at the turn at the bottom of the course Blazes was on terms with the leaders, and swept into the straight with a lead of a length, Happy Jack being next, Temperance well up. These positions were maintained up the straight, and the Victorian eventually won a well contested race by a length, . Happy Jack second, Temperance third, and Bishops- bourne fourth ; Casey being the actual last. Time, I 3 min. 9 sees. . j MOWBRAY HURDLE RACE. Of £50 handicap, with 5 Sovs. acceptance added. I Twice round the course and a distance ; over 12 flights of hurdles. Mr. S. Waldock's br g Planet, aged, 9st 8lb. i (IV. Enderson) 1 Mr. F. C. Goyder's br g Quicksilver, 5 yrs., 12st. (R. Rowe 2 Mr. Jno. Field's b g J.F., 6 yrs, 9st. 5lb. (J. Lynch) 3 Mr. E. Gough's b g Cronstadt, aged, 10st. 1248. (W. Chifney) 0 Mr. Wm. Atkinson's b g Victor, aged, 9st. nil. (S. Gray) 0 , Betting: 6 to 4 Cronstadt, 2 for Planet. Eversley was scratched. The competitors in this event were started on their journey at the first attempt. Planet led over the first hurdle, followed by J.F., Cronstadt, Quicksilver, and Victor in the order named. At the turn Cronstadt held the pride of place, with Quicksilver and Planet ' side by side, but before the second hurdle was reached these positions were altered, for Quicksilver led over, , followed by Cronstadt. The latter was again to the fore at the third leap. Planet being now second, Quicksilver third, J.F. fourth, and Victor a long way in the rear. The same positions were maintained until nearing the Newmarket stables, and on passing these latter, Planet was leading, with Quicksilver in close attendance Over the hurdle, near the distance-post, j no material alteration had taken place, and the hurdle opposite the stand was negotiated safely by Planet and Quicksilver, but Cronstadt struck the obstacle ; very hard, knocking it down. At the turn of the second time round, Victor lost his rider. At the , hurdle near the Wattle Clump, Cronstadt, who was then leading, came down, Chifney falling on his head, ! and the horse took no further part in the contest At the turn at the bottom of the course, Quicksilver and Planet were together, and running a fine race, with J. F. coming fast. The hurdle past the stables was taken finely by the two leading horses, but I.F. lost his rider. The finish was a fine one between Planet and Quicksilver, the former eventually winning by two lengths, with J. F., who had been remounted, some distance in the rear. Time 4 minutes 51 seconds. Second Day. The second day being the off day of the meetng, the attendance of the public was not nearly so large as on the Cup Day, only about two thousand persons being present. The weather was much more agreeable than that of the preceding day, a cool breeze blowing over the ground. The course did not present so lively an aspect as on the cup day, and the attendance in the grand stand and enclosures was not nearly so large. The attendance of the denizens of the flat was also much smaller than that of the previous day, and fewer fights occurred. His Excellency the Governor and his suite arrived on the ground shortly before the starting of the first race, and was received by some of the I stewards, I THE RACING. The racing was very good, the majority of the events on the programme being well contested. The time in some cases caused surprise, and was much doubted, notably that for the Tamar Handicap. The legitimate business commenced with the Flying Handicap, but of the ten horses nominated only four weighed out. Rapidity was made a very strong favourite. When the competitors faced the starter, Rapidity became very fractious, and considerable delay occurred. When a start was effected, Rapidity jumped inside the post, and had to be brought back again, and, by this mishap, was thrown out of the contest. For the greater part of the journey a good race ensued between British Workman and Confidence, the former winning with ease at the finish. The Fakir was at no time dangerous, and his running proved that he would be more at home in a Hack Race. British Workman is a very handsome colt, and is by Castle Hill, from Lady Bird, blood not to be denied, and we will be very much surprised if the colt does not furnish into a fine three-year old. The same may be said of Confi- dence, who ran a very game race throughout. The Galloway Stakes having been won by Little Dick, the race of the day-the steeplechase, came on for decision, and as the horses were being saddled considerable excitement was manifested. True Blue having received a slight injury was scratched. Athol, Quicksilver, and Eversley were all in good condition, especially the former, whose looks found great favour. Athol and I Eversley were equal favourites. Mr. Goyder declared to win with Quicksilver, and Rowe was entrusted with the mount The race was a good one throughout, and the riding of Rowe was very much admired, the manner in which be saved himself when his horse stumbled after clearing the second leap, eliciting much applause, and deservedly so, for Rowe carried no less than 421. dead weight At the first fence past the Newmarket Stables the first time round, Turpin ran inside the course, and on attempting to take the next obstacle he came down, and was out of the race. Later in the day the stewards met to consider the action of Ender son in cutting off the course, and showed their strong disapproval of his conduct by fining him £5. Another feature in the race was the mishap to Athol, who, when running neck and neck with Quicksilver at the fence past the stables for the last time round, came down, and losing his rider, bolted off the course. This accident was much regretted, as it spoiled what, no doubt, would have been a fine race for first honours. The finish was left to Mr. Goyder's horses, and the winner was loudly cheered on being pronounced " all right. The next item on the programme was the Tamar Handicap, which had a large number, of entries, no less than twenty-five names being coloured on the card.. Of the number seven only sported silk, and the distance being the favourite one of Southern Cross, the mare was made a very hot favourite. -At the start Billy Bell made the pace a cracker, forcing the running utM last as of Bella, The prominent horses his race ware-Bella, Southern Cross, and Impudence, all of which run well. The race was a very exciting one at the distance poet, and the last named horses came up the straight amid great excitement, Bella finishing first Southern Cross second, and Impudence third. The winner was well ridden by young W. Motton, whilst Holes rode Impudence very artistically. We must say we have seen Mr. Brown's mare better piloted, and believe she ought on this occasion to have stretched the neck of the winner. After weighing in three hearty cheers were accorded Bella, and the squire of Enfield is to he congratulated on the result The winner is by Cotherstone from a Little John mare, and during her career on the turf has been a tolerably good performer. The Criterion Hurdle Race brought the day's proceedings to a close, and was a very hollow affair, Actu on leading from start to finish. The following is a detailed account of the running : FLYING HANDICAP. Of 30 sovs., with a sweep of 3 sovs. acceptance added. Distance, 6 furlongs. Mr. Jno. Field's br c British Workman, 2 yrs, 6st (J. Smith) 1 Mr. A. O'Connor's br c Confidence, 3 yrs, 7st. 2lbs, (R. Storey) 2 Mr. John Stanfield's b g The Fakir, 4 yrs, 7st (carried 3lbs. over) . (Hamer) 3 Mr. F. Leng*a like Rapidity, 2 yrs, 6st. 10lb. I (carried 4lbs. over). (T. Hales) 0 Betting : 3 to 1 on Rapidity. Devilskin, Panic, Liberty, Pearl, Morning Star, and Ellangowan were scratched. Some delay occurred at the post for this event, in consequence of the fractiousness of Rapidity, and after one false start the competitors were dispatched on their journey in straggling order. When the flag was lowered, Rapidity jumped inside the starting post, and having to be pulled round, lost all chance of the event British Workman and Confidence got away well together, and at the time only a length separated them, Fakir dropping to the rear at every stride. At the Newmarket stable British Workman and Confidence I were running neck and neck, but at the turn for home j s British Workman led by three lengths. On entering the straight the race was virtually over, for Field's ' horse was being ridden with hands down, and won I easily by four lengths, Confidence second, Fakir a bad third, and Rapidity a long way in the rear. No official time was taken. I GALLOWAY STAKES. I Of 20 sovs. For galloways not exceeding 14 V hands in height Weights 14hds. 2in., Ost; 14yds. lin., 8st 7lb.; 14yds., 8st; 13yds. 3in., 7st 7lb.; 13yds. 2in., "st. ; 13yds. lin., 6st 7lb.; 13yds., Gst. Distance, once round the course. Messrs. H. R. E J. W. Falkiner's Little Dick, aged 8st 7lb. (G. Stebbings) 1 Mr. Stanfield's Conrad, aged, 9st ... (A. Vince) 2 Mr. Wm. Hartnoll, jun's. Controversy, aged, 8st, 7lbs. (W. Motton) 3 Betting : 5 to 4 on Little Dick. Hero and Westwood were scratched. A middling start only was effected for this race. Controversy jumping off with the lead, with Conrad and Little Dick in the order named. At the first turn Conrad and Controversy were together, no advantage being obtained by either along the back of the course. Little Dick here put on steam, and ran up to the leaders, but the turn approachingtheNewmarket stables was rounded by Conrad with a lead of half a length. Passing the stables some change had taken place, for Little Dick had run through his horses and led by a length. At the turn for the straight a good race ensued between Little Dick and Conrad, and the winning post was passed by the former a long neck in advance of Conrad, Controversy a bad third. Time, 2min. 21sec. LAUNCESTON STEEPLECHASE. Of 120 sovs., with 5 sovs. acceptance added ; second horse to receive £20 from the stakes. Distance about three miles, over such leaps as the stewards may determine upon. Mr. F. C. Goydcr'sbrg Quicksilver, 5 yrs, 10at.l21b. (R, Rowe) 1 Mr. F. C. Goyder's Eversley, aged, 10st. 2lb. (G. Cripps) 2 Afr. C. Goldspink b g Athol, aged, 10st. 7lb. (T. Pullar] 0 Mr. Jno. Field's Turpin (late Mountain Deer), aged (W. Enderson) 0 Betting : 2 to 1 Athol and Eversley, 5 to 2 Quick- silver, 3 to 1 Turpin. True Blue was scratched. A very good start was effected for this, the event of the day. Turpin was at once taken to the front, and led over the first fence, followed by Quicksilver, Eversley, and Athol, in the order given. At the second obstacle the same positions were maintained, but immediately after landing Quicksilver stumbled, and nearly got rid of his rider, but Rowe, by a splendid piece of jockeyship, saved himself, and lost no ground. At the third fence Turpin was still leading, but running along the back of the course Eversley passed Quicksilver and followed Turpin over the fourth leap, Quicksilver close up, Athol still last. At the fifth obstacle Athol went up and took second place, the fence being got over by Eversley and Quicksilver together. At the fence in front of the stables Athol was to the fore (having run through his horses), the others well up. At the last jump the first time round Quicksilver was leading, Eversley being now second, and Athol third, Turpin several lengths behind, but coming inside the fence got up with the other horses. Here, however, Enderson got a cropper, and Turpin took no further part in the contest. The remainder of the field at this time had entered on their journey round the course for the second time. Opposite the stand Athol again led, closely pressed by Quicksilver and Eversley, and the same positions were maintained over the next leap. At the fence at the turn Athol and Quicksilver were side by side, Eversley dropping back, being now ten lengths away. Along the back of the course no alteration took place, all the horses fencing beautifully. At the stables Athol fell, and got rid of his rider, and bolted off the course. Coming into the straight, Quicksilver was being hard hold, and at the end won easily, with Eversley second. The other competitors did not pass the post. The winner was loudly cheered on being pronounced all right. Time, 5 min. 30 sec. TAMAR HANDICAP. Of 100 sovs. One mile and a half. Mr. Wm. Field's br m Bella, 4 yrs, 7st 2lb. (W. »lotton) 1 Mr. F. Long's b m Southern Cross, 5 yrs, 8st. 5lb. (Kavenagh) 2 Mr. C. F. Fraser's blk h Impudence, 4 yrs, 7st llb. (T. Hales) 3 Mr. S. Waldock's b g Blazes, aged, 7st. 2lb. (R. Snarey 0 Mr. Jno. Field's Billy Bell, 3 yrs, Cat. (F. Smith 0 Messrs. H. R. and J. W. Falkiner's b g Liberty, aged, 9st. 4lb. (G. Stebbings) 0 Mr. B. Chandler's b li Heir of Linne, aged, 8st. 7lb, (H. Motton) 0 Betting, 7 to 4 Southern Cross, 5 to 2 Impudence, 3 to 1 Bella, 0 to 1 any other. Aldinga, Jupiter, Cronstadt, Happy Jack, British King, Panic, Bishops- bourne, Painter, Adelaide, Spark, Confidence, Pearl, Black Boy, Governor's Lady, Sepoy, Cassy, Joseph, and Ellangowan were scratched. After some delay at the post, the competitors were sent on their journey in straggling order. At the New Market stables. Billy Bell went to the front at a great pace, forcing the running in the interests of his stable companion Bella. On passing the stand Billy Bell still led, with Impudence second, Southern Cross slightly in advance of Bella, Blazes a long way in the rear. At the turn near the site of the old stand, Impudence, Southern Cross, and Bella were all together, with Blazes still last. Along the back of the course Southern Cross held a slight lead, with Bella second, Impudence and Billy Bell next in order. Coming round the bend before reaching the stables the three leading horses were in the same order, with Blazes improving his position ; Heir of Linde now being lost Passing the stables Bella and Southern Cross were side by side, with Impudence close up. Rounding the turn, Bella, Southern Cross, and Impudence were running under the whip, but on entering the straight, it was observed that Bella held a slight lead, which she maintained to the finish, winning by barely a length, Southern Cross second, Impudence being three lengths away, the others beaten off. The placed horses were all loudly cheered on leaving the weighing yard. Time, 3 minutes. CRITERION HURDLE RACE. Of 30 sovs. Handicap. One boy. acceptance at scale to go to second horse. Distance, about li miles. Mr. C. J. L. Smith's g g Aclaran, 0 yrs, 8st, 10lb. (R. Rowe) 1 Mr, W, Atkinson's b g Victor, aged, Oat. (T. Corrigan) ' 2 Air. H. Viney's b g Tichbourne, 5 yrs, 8st. 10lb, (R. Orr) 3 Betting : 0 to 4 Victor, 15 to 10 Actaeon. Cronstadt, Eversley, Planet, J.F,, Loup Garou, and Governor were scratched. There was a good start for this event, Actaeon at once going to the front, followed by Victor, Tichborne bringing up the rear. These positions were maintained throughout the race, Victor now and then drawing up to the leader, but was never able to gain the lead. Actaeon fenced well during the whole of the journey, but Victor and Tichbourne rapped the hurdles very hard on several occasions, and narrowly I escaped coming down. The race was won by Actress with ease by half a length, Victor Second, Tichbourne a long distance behind. Time, 3min. 28sec. Thus ended the day's programme. I Third Day. The summer meeting was brought to a conclusion on Friday, and as regards the attendance was not so successful as on the previous days, His Excellency the Governor was not present, as he had to leave for Hobart Town. At the time of starting the races the weather was very hazy, and when the horses appeared on the course for the Ladies' Cup a slight shower of rain fell. This day's races commenced with the Selling Stakes, three out of the five entered facing the starter, the absentees being Tichbourne and Happy Jack. The race was won by Butcher Boy, neither of his opponents having the ghost of a chance with him. Very little interest was taken in the result, the Ladies' Cup absorbing all attention, For this latter, no less than seven gentlemen riders weighed out, and the race was a very pretty one throughout At the start Mr Grimwood on Cronstadt cut out the running, but was soon passed by Eversley, who led for a great part of the journey, and when the front position was wrested from him by Pearl, some excitement ensued. In the straight the race was over, and the Tasmanian filly was a good race with a little in hand. The following is a full description of the running for the first two events, the remainder being received by telegraph : SELLING STAKES. Of 25 both. Weights same at Maiden Plate. If entered to be sold for £59, to carry weight for age ; but if entered to be sold for £40, allowed 7lb. s for £30, allowed 10lb. for £20, allowed 14lb. Distance, one mile and a half. The winner to be sold by auction immediately after the race, and any surplus over the valued entry to go the funds. The amount to be sold for need not be declared until half an hour previous to weighing, Mr. W. Lane's b g Butcher Boy (late Little Stag), 3 yrs (MO) . (ProsBer) 1 Messrs. H. R. and J. W. Falkiner's b g Liberty, aged (£20) . (G. Stebbings) 2 Mr. W. Motton's g g Peeping Tom. aged (£30) (Motton, sen.) 0 Batting : 5 to 4 on Liberty. Tichbourne and Happy Jack were scratched!. A splendid start was effected for this race, but after a short distance had been traversed Butcher Boy took iV the running, followed by Peeping Tom, Liberty bringing up the rear. Passing the stand Peeping Tom led by a head, close by followed by Butcher Boy and Liberty. At the turn near the site of the old stand, Butcher had assumed the lead, and at the back of the course Liberty went up and raced neck to neck with the leader until reaching the turn near the stables, where Butcher Boy again drew away, and passed the stables with a lead of a length, Peeping Tom being hopelessly in the rear. Butcher Boy led up the straight with a strong lead, and won hands down by ten lengths, Liberty second, Peeping Tom walking in Time, 2min. 54sec. According to the conditions of the race, the winner was put up for sale immediately after the race, and was purchased by Mr. A. O'Connor, of Connorville, for £30. LADIES' CUP. A silver cup, valued at 50 sovs. Welter handicap, with 5 sovs. acceptance added; second horse to receive £10 from the stakes. The rider of the winner to be presented with a gold-mounted whip. To be ridden by members of Tasmanian Turf Club only. Distance, 12 miles. Mr Wm. Field's br of Pearl, 3 yrs, 9st 5lb. (Mr. Morton, sen.) 1 Mr. F. C. Goyder's c g Eversley, aged, 11st. 2lb. (Mr. W. Gatenby) 2 Mr. A. O'Connor's b g Temperance, aged, 10st. 3lb. (Mr. O'Connor) 3 Mr. E. Gough's b g Cronstadt, aged, 11st. 10lb. (Mr. S. Grimwood) 0 Mr. C. J. L. Smith's blk g Self Reliance, 6 yrs, 10st. 3lb. (Mr. S. Waldock) 0 I Mr. Jno. Stanfield's b h Sepoy, aged, 10st. 3lb. Mr. J. Stanfield) 0 Mr. Wm. Bennett's Governor's Lady, 6 yrs, 9st (Mr. C. Goldspink) 0 Bishopsbourne and Fingal were scratched. The competitors were despatched on their journey for this event in capital order. Cronstadt at once took up the running, but at the turn near the distance . post Eversley was in front, the majority of the other competitors well up, but Sepoy dropping back at every stride. Passing the stand Eversley still lead, Cronstadt second, followed closely by Governor's Lady, the others tailing off. Near the site of the old I stand Pearl, who was being kept in the rear, began to run through her horses, and at the back of the course held second position, Eversley still leading. At the turn before coming to the stables, Pearl got on terms with the Victorian chestnut, and a fine neck I and neck race ensued between them, Cronstadt being well up. At this time the field presented a very straggling appearance, Sepoy still being the last. Passing the Newmarket stables Pearl held a lead of two lengths, and Temperance here left the ruck and I took a forward position. Pearl swept into the straight with a lead of two lengths, amid some excitement, and won a fine race by a length and a-half, Eversley, who had run well throughout, being second, Temperance third, Self Reliance fourth, the others nowhere, Sepoy being outpaced from the commencement. TASMANIAN TURF CLUB HANDICAP. Of 150 sovs., with a sweep of 5 sovs. each, acceptance added. Second horse £25 from the stake, third ditto I save stake. Distance, one mile and a half. The winner of any handicap race of the value of £100 after the declaration of the weights to carry 5lb. extra ; two or more such races, 8lb. extra ; the winner of the Launceston Cup to carry 5lb. additional ; if the winner of the Launceston Cup only, I to carry a penalty of 7lb. Mr. J. G. Duffett br h Jupiter, 4 yrs., 6st 12 lb. 1 Mr. C. B. Fisher's br h The Painter, 4 yrs., 1 7st 12 lb. 2 Mr. H. Phillips' br of Adelaide, 3 yrs., 6st 8lb. 3 Seven started. After several attempts, the lot were sent away to a fair start. Confidence at once went to the front, and made the running a very fast pace. Coming into the straight, Bella was seen to have second place, The Painter close up, and the rest in a cluster. After passing the stand, Adelaide deprived Confidence of the lead, Bella leading the rest. At the back of the course, going towards the stables, | Jupiter went up to the front, and had a good lead passing the stables, with Bella next, and I Adelaide and The Painter racing together, _ Confi dence being entirely out of the race. Rounding the distance post, Jupiter was still leading, The Painter and Adelaide well up, and Bella about four lengths off Jupiter was still leading coming into the straight, Adelaide and The Painter racing together under the whip. Jupiter was the first to catch the Judge's eye by about a length, The Painter beating Adelaide for second place by a neck, Bella fourth, Strop fifth, Spark sixth, and Confidence nowhere. Time : 2min., 35sec. HANDICAP HURDLE. Of 60 sovs., with 4 sovs. acceptance added. Twice round the course and a distance ; over such hurdles as the stewards may decide on. Mr. F C. Goyder's br g Quicksilver, 5 yrs, 10st 8lb. . (R. Rowe) 1 Mr. S. Waldock's br g Planet, aged, 10st. 8lb. H Chifney) 2 Mr. C. Goldspink brig Athol, aged, lOst (Corrigan) 3 Five started. Quicksilver Won by a length. No time was taken. CONSOLATION STAKES. Of 30 sovs. A handicap for all losing horses that have run during the meeting. Once round the course and a distance. Mr. H. Phillip's Adelaide won this race easily. Mr. W. Atkinson's Happy Jack, Mr. C. J. L. Smith's Black Boy, and Mr. John Stanfield Conrad were the other starters. 2 TASMANIAN RACING CLUB. SUMMER MEETING. Patron : His Excellency the Governor. Vice Patron : the Honourable Sir James Milne Wilson, M.L.C. Stewards: J. W. Abbott, Esq. S. Blackwell, Esq.; . J. G. Davies, Esq.; James A. Gunn, Esq. A. P. , Miller, Esq.; Hon. Sir J. M. Wilson Dr. Agnew; 1 T. B. Clarke, Esq. ; Oscar Flexmore, Esq. ; Hon. John Lord; Alfred Page, Esq. E. P. Wilson, Esq. Starter : Hon. James Lord. Judge : G. A. Kemp, . Esq. Handicapper : E. T. Barnard, Esq. Clerk of the Course : Mr. Joshua Moore. Clerk of the Scales : Mr. Walter Graham. The third annual meeting of the Racing Club began at Elwick on Thursday, 15th February, and may be looked upon as a success. There can be no doubt that racing has once more been firmly established in the South, and there is no reason to suppose that it will not continue to grow in public favour, and year by year, the meetings be looked forward to with increasing pleasure. Though it has been said before, we may be pardoned for again remarking, that for this sporting revival we are indebted to a few gentlemen, who, in undertaking to establish a club, were fully cognisant of the difficulties they would have to encounter ; but, nothing daunted, they made a start, and they are now realising the force of the apothegm, that success brings success. In this, of course, there is such encouragement as must in future, as it is doing at the present, prove a great stimulus, and eventually lead to our race meetings being second to none in the colonies. No one can . now say that we have a community which cannot enter ! heartily into horse-racing, and patronise it thoroughly well. That is the main thing ; all the rest is a natural sequence, and has been realised to a great extent, With a magnificent course, and with such support I as warrants a considerable outlay upon it, we are I right in presuming that it will improve every year. There were some excellent improvements and additional conveniences noticeable yesterday, but there are more to come; and if the committee but work as assiduously in the future as in the post, nobody will have the least reason to complain. The opening day may, as we remarked in start- ing, be looked upon as a success ; but this unquestionably will bear a little qualification, for it is no use disguising the fact that the racing itself was not equal to that of last year. The sraaluiess of the fields created great disappointment, and, as might be expected, diminished the interest in the various events. We have not far to go to find a cause for this. Had the Southern meeting been held prior to that in the North the fields would have been much larger, and the meeting consequently more exciting. The experience of the club this year, however, will prove serviceable. It is not to be expected that the South is to play second riddle every year, and unless the Noi thernclub is willing to come to some agreement, suchos, for instance, making the first meetings to alternate, then the Southern club will be compelled to lay the days of its meetings without reference to North at all. It is to be hoped that a mutual agreement may be arrived at-there is no reason why it should not-and in that case there will bene occasion for any such jealousy as that, which, there is not doubt, has been excited this year. With such a liberal pro- gramme a programme that would have done credit to any club in the colonies ought to have a far larger number of hornes trying conclusions, and we should have had, had not Launceston forestalled us. Let us hope that there will be an improvement next year. The success in every respect of future race meetings is at stake for unless there are better fields the attendance of the public will dwindle considerably. But to pass on to more agreeable matters, it is satisfactory to record that the weather was very fine, though rather too warm Stre ims of v visitor began to pour on to the course early in the forenoon, and when the first race was run, there could not have been fewer than ten thousand people present Both the stands were crowded, the running ground was thickly lined on both sides for at least half a mile, and large number were walking about various parts of the ground The private carriages extended from the enclosure as far as the booths, and were in some places six or seven deep 'Kio grand stand presented a most brilliant appearance All the beauty and fashion of this and the neighbouring colonies seemed to be there assembled throughout the day the Tasmanian Main Line Railway was kept constantly running', and had it not been for some me for tilinto mistakes in the arrangements, which hid the effect of detaining some of the return trains in the cv ching for severity hours nil we ought hav e gone well The traffic on this day was very busy, between two and three thousand people having travelled on the line Besides the railway, every tab, car, and omnibus in the city was pressed into service, and these, in addition to the many private vehicles, gave the road an unusually busy appearance A large number also travelled by river the steamers Alomuch, Linn, Enterprise, and Success, being liberally patronised There were the usual features of a race course to be observed on this and the two succeeding days but the weather, altogether, h w been very favourable for the meeting, which, taken on the whole, was a success. Of course we cannot forgot that the eclat of the meeting was greatly enhanced by the presence of three Governors, for it will probably be many) years before we are honoured in li similar manner again 'The three viceregal least sentatives were, it is almost needless to say, their Excellencies Sir George Bowen, Governor of Victoria ; Sir William Gregory, Governor of Ceylon, and Mr Weld They arrived on the ground about one o'clock, in a four in hand driven by Mr. Weld, who handles tiPrbbons in admirable style. Wil , t K (»m-imm were *,. James Wilson, Captain Thackwell, Mr. Weld-Blundell, and Mr. George Browne. When their Excellencies entered the in leading '<. the Grand Stand, they wm snips' with three hearty good Ulcers, which they acknowledged. The running commence... with the Trial Stakes, and out of the side is res nominated only to put in an appearance. Jupiter and Confidence the lace miss very hollow affair, the result never bring in doubt, and Jupiter, the favourite, was it in the end hands down, by any number of lengths. The winner is a fine slashing son of Panic from Camelia. The next item on the programme was the Champagne Stakes, which had an entry of twenty one, but of this number four only sported silk. For some time before the race Rapidity was the favourite, but just prior to the start Pluto came with a rush and started first favourite, justifying the confidence placed in him by winning a splendid race by barely half a length. There was great excitement at the finish. Pluto is by Panic, from the imported mare Alice Melbourne, and is therefore splendidly bred on both sides. Speculation was now rife as to the principal event of the meeting, the Hobart Town Cup, and on consulting the scratching board, we found that of the 12 acceptors no hessian seven names were struck out. Whilst the horses were undergoing their toilettes they were eagerly scanned by their different admirers, and those that received the most attention were Aldinga, Spark, and Cleolite. The majority of the competitors!) were in excellent fettle, most notably the two former, and the result was a fine race between these two. Pearl cut out most of the running and won third honours, whilst Cleolite and Justice were never once dangerous, the latter being done after traversing a mile and a half. Spark, the winner, is by Fireworks, from First Flight. Until his visit to Tasmania, his career on there was not a successful one, for he made his debut at the Spring Meeting of the V.R.C. in 1875, when he contested the Maribyrnong Plate, Kensington Stakes, i and £100 Plate, but failed to gain a place in any of those events. In the following year he appeared in the Hospital Stakes at the Autumn Meeting, but was again in the rear. His next essay was in Adelaide, where he appeared in two races, being nowhere in tone, and gaining a situation in the other. In Victoria during the present season, his best performance was in the Geelong Gold Cup, where he gained third honours. After this he was brought on to Tasmania, and it will be remembered that he won the Gold Cup last week at Launceston, and, therefore, his victory yesterday makes him the double Cup winner. The time is the same as that occupied for the Launceston Cup, namely, 3min. 41sec. Three horses only weighed out for the Hurdle Baee-Talleyrand, Quicksilver and Planet. Talleyrand cut out the running ; during the greater part of the journey, and it looked as if he was going to run away with the race, but Rowe was nursing Quicksilver, and riding a waiting race, gradually creeping up the second time round the course, won in the end easily. The winner fenced beautifully, but Talleyrand knocked down several of the hurdles. Planet performed indifferently, and was outpaced from the start. Quicksilver is a son of Panic. The concluding event of the day was the Derwent Plate, and of the ten horses engaged half of that number faced the starter, Impudence being made the favourite. The race was a very good one, and the finish very ex < citing, as Fairy King and Impudence ran a head and head race past the post. The result was given as a dead 1 heat, but a large number of persons were of opinion ; that Impudence won by a head. After a short delay, I Impudence and Fairy King were again saddled up, It. Snarey being substituted for Dingle. It was now thought that some display of jockeyship would be shown, and those who expected it were not disappointed, as Hales rode with splendid judgment, and won by a length and a half. All that was possible to get out of Fairy King, Snarey had it, and he also rode capitally. It will be seen from the names of the sires of the winners given above, that the produce of the Tasmanian imported horse Panic was very successful, winning three of the five events, as he claims as sons Pluto, Jupiter, and Quicksilver ; whilst Fairy King, the second horse in the last one is a descendant, being by Cotherstone, from Fairy Queen, the former being by Panic. It must have proved gratifying to Mr. Samuel Blackwell, sen., to see these victories, as it was that gentleman who imported Panic from England. Before closing our remarks we wish to state that all the officers worked hard to bring the day's racing to a successful issue. Mr. Geo. Browne, the hon. secretary, and Mr. A. P. Miller, the hon. treasurer, got through their arduous duties satisfactorily. Mr. James Lord was very successful with the starting, and Mr. Walter Graham was as courteous as ever to the members of the press. Mr. Joshua Moore and his assistant worked hard to keep the course clear, and were rewarded for their efforts. The following is a detailed account of the running : TRIAL STAKES. A sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, with 50 sovs. added. For all ages. Weight for age. Maiden horses allowed 3lbs. Distance, once round and a distance. Mr. J. G. Duffoit's b h Jupiter. (Kavanagh) Sir. A. O'Connor's br Confidence... (G. Stebbings) 1 -Betting 3 to 1 on Jupiter. This race was reduced to a match between Jupiter and Confidence ; Wild Dayrell, Bishopsbourne, Impudence, Pearl, Billy Bell being scratched. At the start Confidence went off with a slight lead, and went past the stand with a lead of a length. At the turn Jupiter took up the running, and held a slight advantage for a short distance. Passing the homestead both competitors were running neck and neck. but along the bottom of the course Jupiter again held a short lead, and at the turn. approaching the stables drew away, and the race was virtually over. " Coming up the straight Jupiter had a strong lead, and eventually won, hands down, by about fifteen lengths. Time, 2min. 43 sees. CHAMPAGNE STAKES. A sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, with 100 sovs. added. For 2 years old. Colts, 8st 10lb.; fillies, 8st 7lb. Distance, three-quarters of a mile. Mr. R. Phillips's b c Pluto. (J. Lang) 1 Mr, F. Long's bro Rapidity. (Kavanagh) 2 Mr. P. Dalian's b c Sky Rocket ... (W. Holding) 3 Mr. Edwin Kearney's b c Enchanter ... (J. Chant) 0 Betting : 7 to 4 on Pluto, 6 to 4 against Rapidity, 2 to 1 any other. Castle Hill Lady Bird colt. Castle Hill-Deception colt, Castle Hill Peter Wilkins mare colt, Sir John Moore, Tim Whiffler (imported) Bee filly, La Muette, FirevvorlcB-Sunrise filly. Celerity, Miss Clifden, Hawkesbury, Waterford, Laceby, Tradesman, Plantaganet, B. Sharp, Fires works, Patricienne, did not accept. The youngsters were despatched for this event to a good start, when Rapidity at once took a slight lead of his opponents, Sky Rocket being second, Enchanter third, and Pluto on the quarters of the latter. At the back of the course Pluto ran through his horses, and coming up the hill at the turn was a length behind Rapidity, Skyrocket and Enchanter dropping to the rear at every stride. At the distance-post Pluto and Rapidity were side by side, and a magnificent race ensued up the straight, the race in the end being won by Pluto by barely half a length only. Time, 1min, 19sec. HOBART TOWN CUP. A handicap sweepstakes of 20 sovs. each, with 500 Sovs. added. For 3 yrs old and upwards. The second horse to receive 100 sovs. out of the whole stakes and the third horse to save his stake. Cup course, 2 miles. The winner of any handicap race of the value of 100 sovs. after the declaration of the weights to carry 5lb. extra ; of two or more such races, 5lb. extra. Mr. J. Arthur's by li Spark, 4 yrs.(J.Lang) 1 Mr. S. Gardiner's bor br c Aldinga 3yrs...(KUduff) 2 Mr. W. Field's br of Pearl, 3 yrs. (F. Smith) 3 Aft. P. Parslow's b m Cleolite, 0 yrs. ... (Murphy) 0 Air. A. O'Connor's b c Justice, 3 yrs. ... (Dalian) 0 Southern Cross, The Painter, Bella, Strop, Blazes, Cronstadt, and Billy Bell were scratched. Betting ! Even on Spark, 0 to 2 against Aldinga, 4 to 1 Cleolite, 0 to 1 Pearl, and 10 to 1 Justice. Aldinga was rather fractious at the post, but a good start was effected at the first attempt, Spark getting off first. He was speedily pulled back, however, when Pearl took the lead, closely followed by Aldinga, Cleolite lying a good way off, last. Near the stables Justice came up to Pearl's girths ; this order was maintained without alteration till the Grand Stand was passed, when Justice ran to the front. But he was only allowed to lead for a few yards, when he was passed by Pearl. But before reaching the farm-house oth Pearl and Justice were passed by Spark and Aldinga, who ran neck and neck for a quarter of a mile, when Laug touched Spark with the spur. Air. Arthur's horse answered gamely to the call, and without much effort managed gradually to improve Wa position. At the distance he was half a length ahead, and although Kilduff called upon Aldinga with both whip and spur, the latter was never able to overtake Spark, who won, after a slashing race home, by two lengths. Pearl was third ten lengths behind ; Cleolite, fourth ; and Justice, a long way off, "last. Time, 3min. 41sec The following is the list of winners of the Hobart Town Cup : Dato. Owner. Winner. Sire. starters Time. in. a. 1875.. Mr. P.Lowis.. L'lto.Yattendon.. 0 3 45 1871.. Mr. W. Field.. Strop "Panic. 7 3 9 1877.. Mr. J. Arthur Spark .... Fireworks 6 S 41 HURDLE RACE. A handicap sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, with BO sovs. added. For all ages. Distance, about 2 miles, ! over 12 flights of hurdles. ! Mr. F C. Goyder's b or br g Quicksilver, 3 yrs., 10st. 2lb. . ... stowed 1 Mr. W. Rumney's b h Talleyrand, aged, 10st 7lb. ., " (Owner) 2 Mr. S. Waldock's br g Planet, aged, 10st 5lb. ... (Chifney) 3 Cronstadt, Mystery, Blazes, Eversley, Murgah, Lanky Hermit, Electricity, Turpin, Poet, Molly, Panic, Rocket, Fairy King, Du Cane, and Maid of All Work were scratched. Betting : 5 to 4 on Quicksilver ; 2 to 1 agst Planet and 3 to 1 Talleyrand. After one false start, Talleyrand was the first to get away, and after clearing the hurdle in front of the grand stand made the running at a rattling pace. Before the second hurdle was reached he 1 held a load of twenty lengths, Planet and Quicksilver being close together, at that distance off, in the order named. Rumney then began to pull back the Jerusalem horse and when the runners had emerged from behind the farm house, the gap between the first and second horse had been lessened by one-half. On coming round the bottom Quicksilver took second place, and Planet, who was already in trouble, fell back several lengths. On coming into the straight, Quicksilver's pace was slightly improved, and when passing the grandstand he was only a couple of lengths behind Talleyrand. A few seconds afterwards he overtook him, and the pair raced together all along the bottom. In clearing the last hurdle but one, Talleyrand was the first to recover, and gained a momentary advantage, but he did not maintain it long, for at the stables Quicksilver went to the front, and at the distance was a length and a half ahead. Rumney was both hard at work, but finding that he could not overtake the Melbourne horse, he eased Talleyrand when near the grandstand, and Quicksilver won easily by six lengths. Planet walked in with the crowd. DERWENT PLATE. Akandlcapsweepstakesof 3 sovs. each, with40sovs. added. For all ages. Distance, once round the course. Mr. E. H. Wedgwood's blk c Impudence, 4 yrs. 7st. 6lbs. (T. Holes +1 Mr. G. Ibbott's b h Fairy King, aged, 7st. (Dingle) 12 Mr. C. G. Eady's b g Albion, aged, 7st. (Dalian) 3 Mr. J. Carr Lord's br g Panic (late Alfred) aged, 6st. 2lb. Sparey 0 Mr. George Taylor's b m Flirt (late Never Mind) 0 yrs, 8st 7lb. 0 Betting : 5 to 2 on Impudence. Scratched : Croesus, Jupiter, Rocket, Hermit, and Liberty. Although the last race of the day, and by no means regarded as an important event ; this proved to be one of the most interesting contests of the day. A good start was effected, Albion going off with the lead, followed by Panic, Fairy King and Flirt. Passing round the farmhouse Fairy King went up to the front and took the lead, with Albion second, and Impudence third. Coming Roundtree bend the same positions were maintained, but on entering the straight, Impudence, who had been running with ease all round the course, began to creep up. The rider, however, had made a slight mistake in calculating on beating his opponent at the last moment, and when the horses passed the judges' stand they were neck and neck, Impudence still running free, and Fairy King whipping. Time, 2 min. 21 sees. The general opinion was that Impudence had won by a head, but as the judge decided that it was a dead heat, the event had to be run off again. The second contest in this event proved a tolerably easy victory for Impudence. From the start till nearly the finish Fairy King kept ahead. On coming into the straight Impudence ran to the front, and Hayles, the rider, taking a lesson from the previous contest, took care to make the effort in good time, so that Impudence succeeded in winning by a length and a half, hands down, and Fairy King whipping. We may add that the betting in this race varied from 5 to 1 to 6 to 1 on Impudence. The time of the race was 2 min. 29sec. Second Day. The second day of a race meeting is not, of course, of so attractive a character as the first and grand day, but still it is generally of sufficient interest to attract a goodly number to the course. Yesterday the attendance was not nearly so large as on the previous day, but we do not think we shall be far out if we estimate that there were between four and five thousand persons on the course. Road, rail, and river were again patronised, the large number of private vehicles that visited the course being nearly up to that of the previous day. Besides these vehicles, cars, cabs, and omnibuses ran regularly throughout the day, and, we believe, did a good business and the Main Line Railway, and also the river steamers, were liberally patronised. His Excellency the Governor did not visit the ground yesterday, as he was absent from town, having accompanied the Governors of Victoria and Ceylon to Mona Vale. The Premier (Hon. Thos. Reibey), Sir James Wilson, and a large number of other gentlemen, with their families visited the course, and the second day was by no means deficient in respect to the presence of beauty and fashion. There were the usual number of refresh- ment booths and stalls, all of which appeared to be doing a good trade ; everybody seemed to be in good humour, and bent on thoroughly enjoying themselves, and the day, we may safely say, passed off in a very successful manner. The real business of the day commenced with the Flying Stakes, for which six of the nine competitors engaged cried content. Rapidity was at once made a very strong favourite, but disappointed his backers, for one only gained third honours. Confidence led from start, and won a good race at the finish, and the contest for second honours was a splendid one between Impudence and Rapidity. The running of the latter horse was very annoying, considering he carried 241ba. more weight in the Champagne Stakes on the previous day, and the time being a second faster than yesterday's contest. Confidence, the winner, is by Cotherstone, from Lady Lynne. There was great interest taken in the next event, the Welter Cup, and speculation was rife as to who would be the lucky person to secure the handsome silver cup presented by the club, and which, by the way, was exhibited in front of the grand stand. Of the sixteen horses engaged only five weighed out, and the race was a good one throughout. Mr. O'Connor made most of the running with Eversley, but at the turn approaching the stables. Fairy King, who held a capital position throughout the journey, was let out, and won all the way home. Oversloy was second, and Rocket, who came with a great rush in the straight, gained third honours. Old Talleyrand was never dangerous, and was last. The winner was loudly cheered on passing the post. Fairy King is by Cotherstone, from the well-known mare Fairy Queen, and his condition yesterday was of the best. He has been trained by J. Chant, the well known jockey, who really deserves great credit for the manner in which he brought the horse to the post. Some weeks ago we had an opportunity of seeing the horse, and at this time he was "mud fat," and has all through his training been called the "cart- horse," so that the fettle he was in yesterday was the more praiseworthy to his trainer. We believe the Cup has fallen into a genuine sportsman's hands, and one who will appreciate it. Excitement over the Cup race having subsided, attention was directed to the Alexandra Plate. Only five of the 13 competitors entered sported silk, Spark and Aldinga being made the favourites. The race was a magnificent one, all the competitors being in a bunch nearly all the journey. The event was won by Aldinga, and there was a splendid race for second honours between Southern Cross and Bella, the Victorian mare gaining the place through the brilliant rush made by Kavanagh, whose riding was a theme of admiration. and deservedly so, for he rode a fine race throughout. Spark was fourth, the weight telling on him coming up the hill, and Croesus, who made most of the running was beaten off at the finish. Aldinga, the winner, is a South Australian bred horse, is by Talk-o'-the-Hill from Regalia, and is now owned by Mr. S. Gardiner, of Victoria, who is very popular in racing circles, and therefore yesterday's win will be much thought of by sporting folks. He made his first appearance on the turf at the Spring Meeting of the Victoria Racing Club the year before last in the Maribyrnong Plate, and gained second honours, the race being won by Newminster. At the New Year's Day Meeting of the same club the following year he was nowhere in the Two-year-old Stakes, in which race Newminster was again victorious. At the Autumn Meeting he was again nowhere in the Ascot Vale Stakes, the terror of the two-year-olds at the time (New- minster) again scoring a win for the Point Cook stable, and Aldinga again failed to gain a situation next day in the Nursery Handicap, won by Sibyl. He was next taken to New South Wales, and at the Autumn of the A. J.C. he was nowhere in the Flying Handicap, won the Waverley Stakes, and was again nowhere in the Nursery Handicap. He next appeared in public at the Spring Meeting of the V.R.C. in the Melbourne Cup, where he failed to gain a place, but on the third day of the meeting he was third in the Royal Park Stakes. On the last day of the meeting he was nowhere in the Mares' Produce Stakes. We again find him performing at the New Year's Day meeting of the last named club, where he contested the Champion Race, but he got no nearer than fourth, and this brings us to his Tasmanian engagements. Only two horses faced the starter for the Badminton Stakes, and the race was a very hollow affair, for the Panic colt Pluto won in a common canter. All old sportsmen will remember old Nimblefoot, a son of Panic and we could not help observing yesterday that Pluto very much resembles the above old Tasmanian bred horse. The Selling Hurdle Race brought the day's proceedings to a close, and was won by Planet, who was well ridden by Chifney. According to the conditions of the race the winner was offered for public competition immediately after the race, by Mr. J. W. Abbot, but was passed in no offer being made for him, to the evident gratification of Mr. Sam Waldeck, the owner. It will be seen from the above that the produce of Panic was again victorious, the descendants of that famous horse winning the Flying Handicap, Welter Cup, and Badminton Stakes, The following is a detailed account of the running FLYING HANDICAP, A handicap sweepstakes of 3 sons each, with 50 sovs. " added. For all ages. Distance, three quarters of a mile, Mr. A, O'Connor's b h Confidence, 3yrs, 6st 12lbs . (J. Kilduff) 1 Mr. E. H, Wedgwood's blk h Impudence, 4yrs, 8st 7lbs . (T. Hales) 2 Mr, F, Long's bro- Rapidity, 2yrs, 7st (R. Surrey) 3 Mr. W. Field's br Pearl. 3yrs, 7st 5lb (HMotton 0 Mr. J. Moore's b g Hermit, 5 yrs, 6st 7lb (R Dingle) 0 Mr. E. Kearney's be Enchanter, 2yrs, fist 7lb. (carried 4lbs over) . (W.Dalian) 0 . Betting:. 2 to 1 bar one (Rapidity). Cifosus, , Jupiter, and Flirt were scratched, A middling start only was effected for this event. Confidence was at once taken to the front, and led along the back of the course by a length, followed by Rapidity and Hobart, with the others in a bunch. At the turn approaching the stables, Confidence still led, closely followed by Rapidity, with the others tailing off. Passing the stables it was a good race, and Confidence swept into the straight, Rapidity close up, with Impudence coming. The finish was a very exciting one, Confidence winning by a length, with Impudence and Rapidity very close together, Hermit fourth, Pearl fifth, Enchanter last Time, 1min. 20sec. WELTER CUP, HANDICAP. A piece of plate of the value of 50 sovs., with a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each added. For 3 years old and upwards. Gentlemen riders. Distance, once round the course. Mr. G. Ibbott's b h Fairy King, aged, 9st 7lb . (Mr. Ibbott) 1 Mr, A, O'Connor's ch g Eversley, aged, 11st 10lb . (Mr. O'Connor) 2 Mr. G. Phillip's br g Rocket, aged, Oat 7lb 2... (Mr. T. Austin, jim.) 3 Mr. W. Rumney's b h Talleyrand, aged, 11st . (Mr. W. Rumney) 0 Mr. J. C. Lord's br g Panic (late Alfred), aged, 9st 5lb 2 (Mr. J. Aitken) 0 Betting: 6 to 4 on Fairy King, 5 to 2 on the rest of the field. Scratched;. Cronstadt, Meteor, Mystery, Albion, Dan Alphonse, Grenadier, Bishopsbourne, Billy Bell, Wild Dayrell, Maid of All Work and The West When the horses came to the post, they were rather fractious, but after a slight delay, they were sent away with a rather bad state, Talleyrand taking the lead. On passing the farm-house. Fairy King was well up to the front, with Paine going close up behind him. Running along the bottom, Eversley came up to the front, and led by a length, Fahy King second, Talleyrand and Purse together, and Rocket last. At the turn. Eversley was leading by a length, Fairy King still second, and Paine third. Fairy King then madeuspurtundeomhigupto the front took first position, with Eversley second, and Paine still third. The race up the straight was a capital contest, and the winning-post was passed by Fairy King first, by four lengths. Eversley second, Rookot third, Parke fourth, .. and Talleyrand fast Time 2min. 20sec, ALEXANDRA PLATE, A handicap sweepstakes of 10 sovs, each, with 200 sovs. added. The second horse to receive 50 sovs. out of the stakes. For 3 years old and upwards. Distance, one mile and three quarters. The winner of any handicap race of the value of 100 sovs., after the declaration of the weights, to carry 5lb. extra ; of two or more such races, 5lb. extra. The winner of the Hobart Town Cup to carry 7lb. additional ; if the winner of the Hobart Town Cup alone, 7lb. extra. Mr. S. Gardiner's b or bro- Aldinga, 3 yrs, 7 st. (J. Kilduff!) 1 Mr. F. Long's b in Southern Cross, 5 yrs, 9 st 5lb . (Kavanagh) 2 Mr. W. Field's br m Bella, 4 yrs. 7st 4lb (W. Motton) 3 Mr. J. Arthur's br h Spark, 7st 5lb, and 14 lbs penalty. (J. Lang) 0 Mr. P. Parslow's g g Croesus, 6 yrs, 6st 2lb . .... ... (R. Snarey) 0 Betting : 2 to 1 Spark and Aldinga (the former being slightly the favourite and 3 to 1 the rest of the field Scratched The Painter, Cleohte, Strop, Blazes, Bishopsbourne, Cronstadt, Pearl and Justice. This race may be looked upon as the best contested event of the day. It was expected that the push at the finish for first place would lie between Spark and Aldinga, the former being slightly in favour, as many seemed to have forgotten that he had 141bs penalty to carry in addition to his other weight Southern Cross and Bella also had their backers, and altogether the contest was anticipated to be a very close one. In starting Aldinga had the worst of it, Croesus taking the lead, followed by Bella ; Spark and Southern Cross in the order named. The start was made from the back of the course below the , stables, and before coming into the straight running. Aldinga had worked up into third place, and when the grand stand was passed Croesus was leading, ¡ with Bella second, Aldinga third, Spark fourth, and Southern Cross fifth. From the stand the whole way round to the homestead the five horses were running so close that a sheet might have covered the lot of them. They formed a regular " bunch of fives " until emerging from behind the homestead, and a splendid level race then took place between Croesus, Bella, and Aldinga. Coming along the bottom, the latter had a slight lead, Bella and Croesus right on her girths, and followed by Southern Cross and Spark. At the turn near the stables Aldinga was leading by a length, followed by Bella and Southern Cross coming up well, with Spark all behind. Then followed a magnificent race up the straight, Southern Cross coming up in magnificent style, but too late, for Aldinga pulled off the plate by half a length, Southern Cross occupying second place, Bella third, Spark next, and Croesus last Time-3min. 18sec. BADMINTON STAKES. A sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, with 60 sovs. added. For all ages. Weight for age. The winner of any stake at this meeting of the value of 50 sovs. to carry 7lb. extra. Distance, once round the course. Mr. H. Phillip's b c Pluto, 8st 4lb (including 7lb penalty for winning Champagne Stakes) . (R. Snarey) 1 Mr.W.Field'sbrfPearI,3yrs,78tl31b (Wootton) 2 Betting : 10 to 1 on Pluto. Wild Dayrell, Molly, Bishopsbourne, Croesus, Impudence, Jupiter, Billy Bell, and Aldinga were scratched. Only two horses put in an appearance for this event, and the race requires very little comment At the start Pluto was indulged with a slight lead, and maintained that position throughout the whole of the journey. The race was a very slow one, both jockeys riding a waiting race nearly all through, and Pluto won at the finish in a canter by about three lengths. Time, 2min. 50sec. SELLING HURDLE RACE. A handicap sweepstakes of 3 Sovs. each, with 50 sovs. added. For 3 years old and upwards. Distance, two miles over nine flights of hurdles. The winner to be sold by auction immediately after the race. Mr. S. Waldock's br g Planet, aged (£100). (W. Chifney) 1 Mr. 0. Goldspiuk'B b g Athol, aged (£120). (T. Corrigan) 2 Mr. Vincent Ellis's b g Tommy Dodd, aged (£30) 7 .... (V. Ellis) 3 Betting : 5 to 4 on Athol, 6 to 4 agst Planet and Tommy Dodd. When the flag was lowered for this event, Athol was indulged with a slight lead for a short distance, but on coming to the first hurdle Planet was to the fore, and led over the obstacle, with Tommy Dodd and Athol, in the older named. Before reaching the second hurdle Tommy Dodd had taken first place, and took the leap in fine style, with Planet close up. Coming to the hurdle in the straight running no alteration had taken place, and at the jump opposite the stand Tommy led by two lengths. Rounding the turn Planet had assumed the lead, and Athol went up and also passed Tommy Dodd, who here began to lose ground at every stride, being evidently outpaced. The sixth hurdle was taken by all the horses in good style, but Tommy Dodd was a long way in the rear. No material alteration took place until the turn for home was reached, where Planet began to draw away from Athol, and at the finish won the race in a canter, Athol second, Tommy Dodd nowhere. Time, 4min. 24sec. This brought the day's proceedings to a close. [For the account of the third day's racing (Saturday last) under the auspices of this club, we refer our readers to another portion of this issue.] INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET MATCHES. NORTHERN TASMANIA V. BALLARAT. The cricketing event of the month at the North has been the match between eleven players from Ballarat (Victoria) and eleven of Northern Tasmania. The match was played on the ground of the Launceston Cricket Club, on the 3rd and 5th February, and excited considerable interest, being eventually won by the visiting team. The play on both sides was good, and the fielding excellent. The totals of the scores were as follows: Northern Tasmania, first innings, 55 ; second innings, 27; total, 172. Ballarat, first innings, 83; second innings, 85 (with three wickets to fall ; total, 178\. The Ballaratoleven thus won the match by one run, and three wickets to spare. Mr. John Arthur captained the Northern team, and Mr. C. M. Watson the Ballarat team. The umpires were Mr. Thompson for Ballarat, and Mr. R. Long for Northern Tasmania and the scorers, Mr. Ferguson for Ballarat, and Mr. R. S. Long for Northern Tasmania. The following are the scores and bowling analyses : Northern Tasslvnia-First Innings. G. Arthur, 21, b Morey. 3 J. Martin, 11, b Morey. 2 J. Ferguson, 21313, b Morey. 10 J. Arthur, 11212223313, hit wicket . 21 R. Boland, b Morey 0 C. Hobkirk, 42213, b Morey . 12 T. Hogg, Hill, b Morey. 5 G. Bailey, 41, b Morey. 5 C. Taylor, 11, c Cleverly, b Morey . 2 R. Kermode, 11, b Morey . 2 H. R. Falkiner, not out 0 Sundries 5 Total ....G7 Bowling Analysis. - First Innings. Balls. Runs. Wkts. Maidens. Willes. A. Morey ... 158 23 9-13 0 AND Cleverly 108 200 7 2 H. Pobjoy... 38 12 0 1 0 A. Bennett... 12 5 1 1 0 Ballarat First Innings. G. Antcliffe, 1112, run out 5 C. Nettle, 121132414211, c Boland, b Bailey... 23 A. Cleverly, 311, run out. 5 J. Brokenshire, 333, b Bailey. 9 H. Pobjoy, 2133821, b R. Kermode . 15 0\. AI. Watson, b Bailey 0 A. Aloroy, 1221121, b Bailey 10 A. Bennett, 15111, c Bailey, b Falkiner ... 9 C. Sentes, 10 Martin, b Falkiner. 1 F. Osborne. 3, b Falkiner 3 J. Reid, 4111, not out 7 Sundries 4 Total 91 Bowling Analysis. - First Innings. Balls. Runs. Wickets. Maidens. Hogg 51 24 0 1 Bailey. 90 41 4 1 Kermode ... 12 4 1 1 Falkiner .. 29 18 3 1 Northern Tasmania Second Innings. T. Hogg, b Morey. 0 J. Martin, 3, b Storey 3 J. Arthur, 11114121, o Brokonshira. 12 G. Bailoy,321424433123133331312, lbw ... 53 C. Hobkirk, b Cleverly. 0 G. Arthur, J, b Cleverly 3 J. Ferguson, 121121111121, c Watson, b Morey 15 H. R. Falkiner, b Pobjoy 0 C. Taylor, Hill, not out. 5 P. Boland, 1, of Kingsford (sub.), b Pobjoy 1 B. Kermode, 32121. 9 Sundries 4 Total 107 Bowling Analysis Second Innings. Balls Runs. Wides. Maidens. Willes Alorey ... 114 28 4 0,0 Pobjoy ... 95 33 2 4 "5 1 Cleverly ... 42 17 3 1 "". 0 Bennett ... 8-13 0 1 0 Ballarat Second Innings. C. Al. Watson, 11413221131, b Bailey. 20 A. Cleverly, 3825, bKormode.17 C. Nettle, 3, b Bailey 3 G. Antcliffe, 3, b Kermode 3 H. Pobjoy, 12214, b Bailey IO J. Brokenshire, 23223131, not out. 17 A. Alorey, 11, c Bailey, b Hogg 2 A. Bennett, 1 b Bailey. 1 C. Scates, 3212, not out 8 Sundries 1 Total. ;.. ... 85 Bowling Analysis Second Innings. Balls. Runs. Wickets. Maidens. Bailey.. .. 124 37 4 9 Falkiner ... 24 17 0 1 Kermode 18 9.2 0 Hogg. 78 18 1 0 SOUTHERN TASMANIA V. BALLARAT; This match began on Friday, 9th inst., on the Association Ground. The weather was, on the whole, favourable. The attendance of spectators on the ground was small ; but the hill and the trees outside gave a good number of people an opportunity of witnessing the game without payment. With the present ground this of course cannot be avoided, but it is to be hoped that when the new ground is in use the fence will be high enough to prevent outsiders from obtaining such an excellent view of a match. Speaking generally, the display of cricket was the best we have had for a good while. The Tasmanians went to the wickets first, and they kept the visitors busy leather-hunting for about four hours, Davies and Butler coming out in their true form with the hat. The fielding of the Ballarat men was inferior, and the bowling at first was nothing to speak of until Money changed wickets, and bowled from the southern end, when he fully maintained his high reputation. He, however, is the only good bowler in the team. The innings closed for 210, a score which somewhat surprised the Ballarat men, and caused them to fear that they would suffer an easy defeat. But they have the pluck of real cricketers, and went to the wickets with the determination of making a big score if possible. None of them, however, stood long except Pobjoy, a young player, who astonished even his friends by his brilliant score of a hundred, including four sixes for drives over the fence. The bowling, it must be admitted, was anything but first-class, even Bayly showing a great falling off, the result, no doubt, of his neglect of practice. The fielding on the other hand was very fair. When the stumps were drawn, the Ballarat men had finished their innings for 182. The match was brought to a conclusion on Saturday, unexpectedly ending in a draw, a result which, it is needless to say, gave satisfaction to neither side, and especially to the Tasmanians, who stood a good chance of coming off victorious The teams were favoured with lovely weather, rather warm, perhaps, for those who had much hard work, but with the heat tempered by a gentle breeze. There was a considerable increase in the attendance of spectators, and great interest appeared to be taken in the match. Of the play we cannot say much by way of introduction. When the stumps were drawn on Friday, the first innings of each team was finished, the local men having obtained 250, and the visitors 182, or 28 less so that when the game was resumed the next morning, there was every prospect of a close contest. Whether this would have proved the case had the match been played out, we of course cannot say ; but it is safe to affirm that no one expected there would be such extraordinary scoring. Butler, Freeman, and Walker made 241 between them, and the rest brought the total of the Tasmanians up to 350-a score very seldom equalled in the colonies. The batting, in fact, completely overpowered the bowling, though the latter was not by any means indifferent, while the fielding was superior to that of the previous day. The innings did not close till after four o'clock, and though the Ballarat men then went to the wickets, all hope of playing the match out was extinguished. The result is all the more to be regretted because the visitors would no doubt have totted up a big total. When the game was brought to an end, there were only three wickets down for 118 runs, Kingsford having scored 01 very rapidly, and Brokenshire being not out for 35. The Tasmanian bowling might have been much better, but the fielding was pretty good. As a fielder, however, Kingsford deserves very great credit and we should be glad if some of our local men would take a lesson from him. He is an English gentleman player, visiting these colonies, and appears to have obtained his training in a capital school. A word of praise also in due to Butler for his magnificent score of 128, got in a style which conclusively stamps him as a batsman whom we could ill afford to lose. Mr. Watson captained the visitors, and Air. Walker the Tasmanians. The umpires were Messrs. Ferguson and Hewitt and the scorers, Messrs. J. Reid, A. J. Chapman, and J. T. Cole. The following are the scores : Southern Tasmania. First Innings. G. Davies, 331111231312333111112122221212313321 b Pobjoy 66 J. Bennison, b Pobjoy. 0 C. W. Butler, 133511212323332113312221, o Pobjoy, b Morey 49 W. H. Walker, 2121122,1 b w, b Pobjoy. 11 E. J. Freeman, 14, b Morey. 5 W. T. Birch, 1123¿33221212, b Morey . 25 G. Farmer, 12121662221, c Kingsford, b Bennett 26 C. Lovett, 12211212211, b Bennett. 16 E. Lucas, run out 0 F. Burgess, b Bennett. 0 H. V. Bayly, not out 0 Byes, 3 ; leg byes, 7 ; wides, 2 12 Total.210 Bowling Analysis. Find Innings. Balls. Runs. Wickets. Maidens. Wides. A. J. Florey 157 71 3 6 C H. Pobjoy 1265 3.10 A. Bennett 51 36 3 1 0 C Watson 30 16 o 0 2 Second Innings. G. Davies, 631133, by Alorey 17 C. Butler, 235123112311332311211122121311131323 331112112343211322223221123311, c Osborne, b Brokenshire ... '128 W. H. Walker, 16211111132111112322131213122, c Bennett, b Kingsford 156 J. Bennison, 1, run out. 4 W. T. Birch, 21124211211323211, c Watson, b Bennett 30 G. Farmer, c and b Pobjoy,. 1 E. J. Freeman, 321321321323222121313122223323, b Bennett 63 C. Lovett, 2323113, run out. 16 E. Lucas, 2324, c and b Brokenshire 11 H. V. Bayly, 1121111111122311122, st Nettle, b Pobjoy 26 F. Burgess, 2, not out 2 Byes, 3 ; leg byes, 3 ; no balls, 3. 12 Total 35 Bowling Analysis Second Innings. Balls. Mdns. Wkts. M'dons No Balls A. J. Florey 174 64 16 0 H. Pobjoy 138 104 2 1 0 A. Bennett 102 79 2 0 0 Kingsford 24 29 1 0 0 J Brokenshire 78 74 2 0 I Ballarat. First Innings. C. Nettle, 3121111312333, c Bennison, b Lucas 25 K. Kingsford, 22112, b Bayly 8 G. Antcliffe, 1, b Bayly 1 J. Brokenshire, 21, c Butler, b Bayly 3 C. A. Watson, 212111313311112, b Lucas. 2 H. Pobjoy, 23131332123112221116333232662122612 322333, lb w, b Walker . 100 A. J. Florey, b Lucas. 0 F. Osborne, 211, c Birch, b Bennison . "4 C. Scates, 12, b Walker ... '. 3 A. Bennett, 22, b Bayly . ' 4 G. Thompson, not out. 0 ( Byes, 3 ; no balls, 2.10 Total 182 Bowling Analysis. - First Innings. Balls. Runs. Wkts. M'dens. No Balls. H. V. Bayly 120 69 4 2 2 E. Lucas ... 84 46 3 2 0 Birch, shows 30 30 0 0 0 F.BurgesH... 30 15 0 0 0 J. Bennison 2 7 1 1 0 W. Walker... 2 4 2 1 0 Second Innings. C. Nettle, 111, c Burgess, b Bayly. 3 K. Kingsford, 3402312131121313112221232323, c Lovett, b Butler G G. Antcliffe, 11, b Bayly . 2 J. Brokenshire, 223324321232211, not out. 39 F. Osborne, 112231, not out. 19 Byes, 5 ; leg byes, 4. 9 Total 118 Bowling Analysis Second Innings. Balls. Mdns. Wkts. M'dens. Willes. H. V. Bayly... 51 37 2 1 0 W. H. Walker GO 38 0 1 0 E. Lucas ... 30 25 0 0 0 C.W Butler... 18 9 1 0 0 CRICKETERS DINNER. This pleasant wind-up to the match at Hobart Town took place on Saturday evening, after the match, on which occasion a complimentary dinner to the members of the Ballarat cricketing team was given at Beaurepairo'a Telegraph Hotel. His Worship the Mayor, who is also Vice-president of the S.T.C. Association, occupied the chair on the occasion, and was supported on the right by Mr. C. M. Watson, the captain of the" Ballarat team, and on the left by Mr. W. H. Walker, the captain of the Southern Tasmanian team. Mr. Thomas Westbrook, another old cricketer, and also vice-president, and an ardent lover of the game, occupied the position of vice-chairman, and there were also present the members of the two cricketing teams including the umpires and scorers, and a few other gentlemen. A capital dinner was provided, and after it had received ample justice, a number of toasts were drunk, and the remainder of the evening was devoted to harmony. AQUATICS. The Tamar annual regatta came off at the usual trysting place, Stephenson's Bend, on the 1st February, and proved very successful indeed. The weather was fine, with a light, bracing breeze blow- ing, and altogether atmospheric conditions were eminently favourable to outdoor enjoyment. The attendance of spectators was good, the number present being estimated at three thousand persons. His Excellency the Go vernor, accompanied by the Hon, C. Meredith and Mr. Stourtoo, arrived on the ground in Mr. T, Clarke's four-in-hand drag at half-past 11 o'clock. On his arrival he was met by the Regatta Committee, and the Vice-regal party were then conducted to a tout specially prepared for the occasion, where an excellent view of the races could be obtained. The ladies mustered in great force, and, attired in the charmingly graceful costumes which they usually affect for these picnicing occasions, they, of course, formed a very important and attractive element in the proceedings. The racing generally was good, but in some of the of vents the entries were small and the contests unexciting. The Ladies Purse, the First Class Sailing Race, and the Miners' Purse were the events which excited most interest, and in all these Southern competitors were victorious. For the Ladies Purse three boats were entered, but one of these did not put in an appearance, and the race resolved itself into a match between the Launceston crew which recently performed so successfully at Hobart Town, and the Southern crew rowing in the Chance, and composed of Messrs. Cresswell, G. Lloyd, H. E. Wright, and H. E. Risby (stroke). Prior to the starting of the race considerable speculation took place on its probable result, and the Launceston crew were, if anything, the favourites. This year the first-class sailing race was rendered additionally attractive by the presence of the two splendid yachts, brought up by their enterprising owners from Hobart Town, and the success achieved by the owners of the Whirlwind will have a good effect in encouraging these annual contests between North and South. This handsome yacht was very cleverly sailed by Mr. Macgregor, a gentleman amateur, assisted by Messrs. Wright Bros., and her victory was hailed with great enthusiasm by the spectators, a general feeling of satisfaction being manifested at the success of the owners. The Leisure Hour, a favourite boat with the Northern community, which has held almost undisputed supremacy in this race for some years past, was a very good second, only losing the race by one minute and thirty-nine seconds over the time allowed her by the Whirlwind, which being 30 feet long had to concede 45 minutes to the Leisure Hour (20 feet). The Hobart Town yacht Alert, which was very well handled by Messrs. Munn and Moore, ably assisted by Messrs. Turner and Cumming, was a very good third. The other events won by Southern competitors were the Tradesmen's Purse, the Mayor and Aldermen's Purse, and the Miners' Purse, the total amount of prize money going to the South being £113. There were nine races on the programme. During an interval between the races a luncheon was held in the committee booth, at which about 30 gentlemen sat down. It was provided by Mr. G. Talmage,- of the City Hotel, in his usual creditable style. His Worship the Mayor, Mr. A. Harrap, occupied the chair, and he was supported on his right by His Excellency the Governor, and on his left by the Hon. Charles Meredith. The vice-chair was occupied by Mr. G. Collins. After luncheon had been partaken of the Chairman proposed the toast of " The Queen," and this having been duly honoured,' he next proposed the toast of " His Excellency the Governor. His Excellency briefly responded, and they vice-chairman proposed "The Visitors," which was responded to by the Hon. C. Meredith. The proceedings terminated by His Excellency proposing the Tamar Rowing Club," this toast being responded to by His Worship the Mayor. In the evening at half-past eight o'clock the Southern visitors were entertained at dinner by the Northern rowers, the committee of the Tamar Regatta, and other friends. There was a large attendance, and the tables were well spread. The dinner took place at Talmage's City Hotel. After the dinner had been disposed of the usual loyal toasts were given. Several other complimentary toasts followed and were duly responded to, and a very pleasant evening was spent. The usual monthly meeting of the Derwent Yacht Club was held at the Nautilus Hotel on the evening of the 8th February, and was attended by about 20 members. Mr. A. T. Stuart, commodore, presided. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. The sailing committee brought up a report, recommending that an alteration in the time allowances for length be made, but after considerable discussion, the motion that the report be adopted was negatived. It was then resolved that as the Kathleen had won two races, she would be especially handicapped, and should neither give or be allowed time. No other business of importance was transacted. The Port Esperance Regatta will take place on the 21st inst., and the Port Cygnet regatta on the 12th March. There are six events on each programme, and the two committees are working hard in order to ensure the success of the regatta. 