i 1 1 1JIMM THE PEERYBIfVGLE PAPERS. Dot and I don't often trouble the clerics with ottr presence, Rut somehow or other the little women would insist on going to church one night last week. Now, I never could stand an, orthodox sermon, so I excited Dot's curiosity by her some marvellous tales about Mrs. Gappy, who went three miles through the air, and flopped down upon the table in the centre of a select cirele of spiritists. Of course, Dot didn't believes word of it, but it must have had some effect upon her mind, for when I said, " Suppose we go and hear Peebles," she offered only the faintest possible objection. That night Mrs. Peeryhingle had Peebles on the brain ; everything was a confirmation of Peebles, lire witch of Endor was a case in point, so was John Wesley's ghost, and the haunted house in Kent. Mrs. Peerybingle acquired a habit of fancying she could hear tfo-pnga noises, and dared not leok round lest the should see something awful. Now, it so happened that I had to go away that night, and when Dot was alone she fell to thinking of her dead ancestors and the shape of their tombstones, with other subjects of a similar lively nature, when the piano, which was in the front room, suddenly commenced to play. Now, Dot had always had a dread of that instrument ; she didn't understand the internal organisation, and when the first note struck that night die couldn't make up her mind whether the thing was playing itself er whether one of Peebles's spirits had got hold of it. Her hair stood out straight on end, md every line of her face betokened the most horrid fright, as I came in a few minutes after the occurrence. As soon as she could apeak, I was enlightened about the musical ghost, "d? seizing the poker in one hand and a candle in the other, I made for the haunted room. The ghost business was very soon dis pelled ; the piano had been left open, and the cat had amused herself running over the keys, to the mortal dreadof my unfortunate Dot. ' ' Come here, John, can't yon let the cat alone," screamed Dot, as I upset the kitchen table in a vain effort to chastise the erring feline. " I wasn't frightened, I only wondered what it was." I paid a visit to Caulfield racecourse on Satur day last with a sporting friend, who promised to " put me on a good thing." 1 was told it was a " dead certainty," so invested a note, and I got 10 to 1. The bookmaker was very anxious to lay me 20 to 2, but as he looked such an Innocent young Hebrew, I did not like to take advantage of him, so I thought I would be con tented with winning a "tenner." I was taken by my sporting friend to look at the horse be fore the race, and he informed me that he was as " fit as a fiddle," and that it was all over, "except the shouting." On the strength of being on such a " good thing," I commenced shouting at once, and knocked down about five hilling ia drinks, and was speculating what 1 would do with my winnings. Dot was to have a new dress, and the kids were all to have presents, and I felt in such a liberal frame of that I almost determined to contribute sixpence to the rig re indemnity fund. I felt so elated with being the possessor of such a valu able "tip" I imparted the information to a brother carrier I happened to meet, and advised him to speculate, as 1 had done, and win £10. He looked at me very knowing, and told me that I had backed a "stiff 'un." As a "stiff 'on" was only associated in my mind with a de funct individual, I asked for an explanation, and was told that the horse I had backed was only "out for an airing." Being as wise as ever, my friend proceeded to explain that it was not the intention of the owner to let the horse win. This was very gratifying, and I sought my horsey friend, but before I came across him the race was over, and the horse that carried my "note" came in nearly last. I "paid my money, and I believe I looked pleasant, although Dot said the contrary when I reached home. One tiling struck me at the races — the fa miliarity which existed between the great landed aristocracy and the joekeys. I saw one of these gents — who, I was informed, had an income that an English earl would have been proud of — with his arm around the neck of the villanous-looking jockey who rede the horse I had backed. There is no doubt about this being a free country, and, in some people's opinion, " Jack's as good as his master;" but, for all that, I could not help thinking of Mr. Higinbotham'a views respecting the " wealthy lower orders." I read a capital suggestion in The Daily Tele graph this week, that the railway authorities should provide a carriage for drunken travellers. There is no greater annoyance than being boxed up with a fellow who has taken more drink than he can comfortably carry, and if tire rail way authorities will only take a hint, and have a label — "For Drunkards" — attached to one their carriages, the nuisance would soon be topped. I make Mr. Woods a present of fee gratis. Mr. Boxy reminds ma vary much of Mr. Honeythunder in Dickens's Unfinished work, "The Mystery of Edwin Drood." To be sure, r- Honeythunder was large and oleaginous, and altogether on the elephantine style ; . whereas Mr. Berry is lean and withered, and very much of the Don Quixote pattern. . But each re sembles the other/- in that each is given to com pliment himself under cover cf complimenting somebody else. I'm sure no one can read the speech delivered by. the eminent Berry, upon the occasion of the tea-and- toast banquet given by the Liberals of Booroondara in fc. ... ur of their defeated candidate without being pene trated with the conviction that the eminent Berry is very fond of himself. He has a rare habit of shaking hands with Berry, and assuring Berry that, all things considered, he doesn't think that his equal is to be found anywhere. Well, well, after all, the best impulses some times arise out of the meanest follies ; and, if the eminent Berry can be urged by his self, approval to the commission of great things, why, who shall quarrel with him if he persist in capering before the mirror of his in ordinate vanity? But, Lord! how those who swallow him so eagerly now will come ere long to reject the garbage ! Such intemperate diet as he offers must play the very deuce with the digestion of public opinion. Let ub, then, wait patiently for the period of Cutting a fellow's throat is a rum way of showing affection for him, isn't it ? Yet this was done the other day by a lady named Ban, who was so fond of a gentleman named Ban that aba seized the opportunity of demonstrating her affection by cutting Mr. Bau's throat, then severing her own jugular. This was a sharp lesson in the art of love. We are told, too, that in the hospital the pair exchanged loving glances, and that the lady persisted in embracing Mr. Bau. Well, everybody to his or her taste. I can only say that, if Dot served me to such a cutting proof of her affection, I'd give her the cut direct for all time to come. I've a rare admiration for firemen. They are a plucky and disinterested set of chaps ; and, therefore, I was sorry to hear of their rowdy conduct the other day at Geelong. There was some mean work done upon the occasion, and mean work is out of place among a set of plucky chaps like those who form our fire brigades. There is something wrong in the government of the men — who should have been controlled by their officers. Courage and enthusiasm are ad mirable things, provided they be subjected to the wholesome corrective of discipline. Without this they generally do more harm than good. Reformyour ways, therefore, my brave children; and next year fight out your rivalries with good humour and fairness. JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 