? WOll LIY 'AND ITS PHYSIQAL ' ' . I EFFECTS. ! 1 ' , To so every.-day and common,.a state of mind- as. worry,' ranging, -^isi it 'inayj from a .passirig '-fit of -the .- blues' up t(i,- the mi ist 'poigiiant'. uieiital , anxiety '-i'egardiiig life itself,' little important is populaily_ at tached ; and especially among so exception ally ' nervous' a'nd 'rapid a- people -as the 'AiiTerieans; the fact ?of/a pcirsou- succvunbiiig under mental .strain' is' of too ordinary 'occurrence to. give,, .rise, to, extended com ment. ? To-.the' list of ahe insane immured in asylums and brought thither through heied'itary or by their' ovvn excesses, thou sands aie added suffering with broken 'minds, induced by anxiety; but the great majority of people thus affected continue in their places iu 'society, by no means 1 una-, tics; nor maniacs, no;: idiots, .. but ne'V.ei the-; less of brain unsoun.-i in parts. The' woild sometimes dubs them ' eccentric aflcl, if they be so distinguiobed, their odd habits, absence of irii nd;^. and - like, traits lurnisli, -rich niaterial fur the-biograpliieal ; -in other cases- the eccen ti'icitios become cri 1 1 les, and . in discriminating- justice: may:, declare ? the life foifeited 'because of the working of hidden faculties, uncontrollable.:-:-.' because disorganised, Worry, thevi, is' djingciWRf -move;.»o; than.; the alcohol which kills tho drunkard ; for tlve - latter.: . involves : a taste 1 and a' habit which-miiy be put aside ; the. fdi'iiter . is. the creature of necessity,: and creeps insidii , ously into every: man's life. - Its ])hysio lo'dcal effects, t jierefore, should' be clearly and adequately rejilisod. -v, . And the know ledge of the ills may, -'in' spine instances, prevent the existence of the cause., , _ \-- During the early stages .of .??deinciitia .in- duced 'by mental anxiety, Dr. -Itichardson tells us,' in his ' Diseases of Modern Life,' there is' nothing more than- an increased tension of the minute vessels which supply the brain. In later stages the substance of the nervous tissue itself undergoes a modi fication .-by which its acti vity is permat nently lost/ These are the physiological consequences, niost briefly, summed up. 'J'lie first Mymjit.om'is a-want ol: full bodily, vigor ; then follows craving for, more work, disturbed sleep,- acute-: seu.^ftiye.ijcss.to ex-], teinal imjnession-s, and, fin.ill v, sti.ipge figures and sounds are'' seen and heardj This condition niayconCinuc for.Vears, and the sufferer in time may begin to accept abnormal c'reri.tioiis.as natural. Dr. Richard son cites n, case of a merchant, who for a week retained in -his vision the spectra of three lights, oval in shape, of the size of an : egg, and so clearly defined to the observer I that he .vould watch them half- consciously l as they floated before him on the wall, the 1 ceiling, or in space. In this stage of the disease lies the foundation of all hypotheses of ghost-seeing, of ccstatic visions, and even of poctie frenzy. A curious instance directly in point, which came to our notice very recently, is that of a well-known writer in the jir-sss, who for some time past has devoted attention to the subject of morbid mental conditions. This gentle man, in ft letter to a daily journal, states himself to be the victim of the horrible | spectacle of two men hanging from a gal- ' lows, a sight which he once beheld while acting as a city reporter. The suspended corpses are clearly brought before him by the sound of rain (tho execution occurred during a rainstorm), and also by the sound of laughter, since, through some, uncontrol lable impulse during tlie hanging, he was induced to utter an untimely peal of merri ment. That the writer's brain is injured, possibly bv the excessive mental strain peculiar to his profession, seems piobable ; and the lesson is manifested, as already de scribed, by the constant recurrence of the apparition ? It is a well-known fact that we have two natures, one purely- organic and emotional, the other subject to the reasoning powers. The organic nervous chain exists m the body as a link between emotional mental acts and vascVilar supply. A.n impression from without, made through the oi gans of the senses upon the emotional centres, is reflected directly from them to the vascular expanse. Tlie part flushes or blanches, and the heart hesitates, palpitates, rebounds, or intermits ; so that these centres, excited by anxiety, or grief, or joy, or sorrow, influence the -waves of blood passing through the! system, and the brain promptly feels the i imperfect regulation of the supply. Under varying tensions of the vessels, there are Hashes, chills, coldness of the extremities, and-, other, oppressive symptoms, .while in j addition ajipear/ the: distressing ringing or | -hammering- sounds: .in :, the head.;.'. .These i sounds are arterial murmurs,: vibrations- of the- blood which press with each impulse of j 'the lveart-'on 'the bony surroundings .of .-'the I relaxed : carotid canal,'- situated ;at the'^ base of, 'the skull. , The canal is indirect con nection, by solid . conducting;, substance, with stlie organs of hearing,; and thus the' ?faintest vibration is- detected., The sound produced when it is- sudden and ? exneeted, as-in moments of .fear,-, is occasionally mis taken for a sound, proceeding from without i with' no -obvious -cause. ? ' ? ; ' i ' Thus the sufferer is likely to see visions I and. hear: strange .noises,, .impalpable so to speak,- but as purely, physical as the - most common things-: in, life.i 'In-some instances they ^ are actual' .-perceptions of, real facts or -objects, caught by, aii extremely susceptible and delicate 'nervous surface. In others they are ? aii- in tensifie_d recognition of move ments -within - the body;' but in the vast majority of:; instances:;-. they are- actual impressions made at 'some : time on the organism, .and now/recalled, and rendered n lore vdefi n i te by constant recurrence. At' this point, if the.iriental powers be allo'wed rest, and the fountains of care.be closed; recovery may take place ; but if the overstrain, 'Continue,-, the disease,, assumes, still graver-iforinjji'iiThere -.lisia -madden ing idesire -for-woik-, more .work, cou[)led wi tli. ?the sad 'sensation that the' physical , powers, are failing; and then thci'e are:, {aps'es.of memory/ -' r Tlie nian of business, forgets ; . important -details, he is irritable, distrusts ?ftvorvbndv a nd himself most.: makes mis takes, and. yet persists,, -in accumulating ??morOu\AYoi,k«'.on-t,.hiu'iselEv.'..''--The/;.'ppeb-5.aad. novelist i become;!-.; over-sentimental;- and nioibid,'the 111.111', tioubled with remoise for guilt, confesses , his crime, or. commits suicijle. The - down ward^course is , rapid in .one: .case epilepsy occ'uers, in-, another ?paralysis; a third develops some. hereditary uialad y like ?; cancer,' a J'oiirth' -dies ' from nervous, .failure. and local disease of some: vital organ; ' The .'majority,' escaping these, ?special: ends, become', prematurely old, ;an'J sink ' helplessly into .death. A 'The' braiuc becomes disorganised; lhei balatu-oj-is jbroken/ and .111,11 chy succeeds to what 'oiico1' was order. - ? r In everyibrairii-iif -faet, fcliertf is set up primitively -,n . kingly, i force; ;to; : which all - other forces: bend.' . , The king: may he good or bad; lie ?: may- be an-here'ditary: king ,or. ft; usurper, -.bu't be holds!th'e b-.tlailce ; kill tlie. king, an'd, in- ninety-nine cases .-out: of. a. liundred/ : thc kiugdoin ? is riiiidti! chaos and, daik night, — &u;:ulijic AmcrLoaU. 