I WESTERN RACING CLUB. / . WINTER STEEPLECHASE MEETING, I 1S77. Sirvardi — Messrs. K Willis, E. Twomey, T. Skene, R. S. Bree, W. C. Meeser, and I . Wiggins. Judge — Mr. J. P. Hamilton. B Starter— Mr. D. M'Lellan. Secretary — . Mr. U. A. Wiggins. I Too or three days heavy raio made affairs I loot very gloomy ; that the races wonld be B spoilt was looked njion as a certainty, B sad the etroegest horses were, in popular B opinion, to be tbe winners. However it was B otbenriK ordained. Early on Taesday noising old Sol made several fotile attempts to dispel tbe gloom, bat before thewtime at vbich it wee esonuoced tbe first race would B start, he had gained the supremacy. Aa a emvqoeoce, the road to the the coarse noon I pneested aa animated appearances, xhere I being ao almost nnbroken suing of vehicles. B from the town to the gate of the reserve. B Oo irrieal there tbe first thing done was an B mspectioo of tbe conree. This was fonnd to he heavy, bat nothiog like wbat was to be B ejected after ench rains, and again the' bearily.weighted Sailor's chance of winning the chief event appeared very good. It was B iln noticed that considerable improvements fl hid been carried ont in the grend-staad re-- B urre lisce the annnal meeting was held. Rrtenmre stabling accommodation bad been . errcted, and shelter provided for the weigher, I vim oo longer had to wallow through the mire to reach his scales, or stand in the mod I when there, a boarded floor having been mide for his comfort. Tbe attendance of riutore was very good. Probably it wonld I hire been larger had the weather been finer . on the days previous to the racing; but tbe I stand aod lawn were well .patronised, and w2.rfl 8003 Enbiect f?r » P«tty pictore. I oi rwpect to tbe raring, we may jsafely tintare to eay that two prettier croes- fouutry ncei than the Steeplechase and norile Race have nevet been witnessed fa Victoria Thirteen started for the pit event, sixteen for the second, and I "j each case their jumping, especially when \-- 411 deutd the firit bardie almost gimnltane- I 1 '8bt worth going many miles | »aee Aa otusl, eot s few pots boiled orer. . I Notluiig but Maggie Moore, Oscar, and" I bpwfsoan would go down with the betting I ' («ferSsilir, it was known his owner I "TOiia with old Sportsman if be cOnid, I t—il f M not the game little horse I """Id be able to carry such a heavy weight' I "i! bei,y a connse' f»at enbngri to. win. ; I ferari however, wsa a greater error- made. I foe pinkM-copdittiiij but I Jm" ' by, and as it was eeeoiLe I tt!r 00' tbe .foisk, Sailor was taken" lo I ll! 1 oeTer ""Ad® mistake, and won. I —Jo?6 hloore was brought to the post in I condition by Pardow. Shi' I 77 tu to run for a man's life, and had «K« I vhiAh" il the ,08 jlnP Feni"l.r I wit bor« wPP'ed to thiufe bis chief du1 I lQ ®r own u wy protnble she I --I f8? 0Q- ®y ramiiDK (,ff; how- I aoW f 1 cocp'e of hundred yards, pod I VttnSr? I never able to recover Itlfe I hwS01111 Olear is a nice little horse, but the I 00t suit bim, sind none I JorSln P,rfttier s18 than AU Serene. I to L '"J1' Bice- Matilda, from Qamteri I ile'emti, e 1 gr8,t tovourite, as it was said. I Uttt. 11111 ""R ronnd" Vonhg Ebor, ' to .."""Pfoy appeared to be too good for" I sort«."y fot®. »he «s " somewhere about IvW,.,, tte first horse psnefi tbe I '» the w n ®ice w" oifo well«nppc?iedr I to „ ®8'. Md appeared to Lave lit all I Hh dJSr te led irto -tiie etrright. I him j„ tiA l fotohly emne thoqgfat, kept I l tT flP tr» fotead of takiog I W kZ,; f»s' Thc resnlt was that- I tte. "hePtt tfoeed in upori bim, I ««4 opto the port trstlief-,"' I "foTlflr ""nook. Suddenly I fottod. eni nobody appeared to have I totorid?!1.,r'th a splendid roah oni&ji;" I' tpa wrii-,be conree, beat the atrurgliog, I brtoim!« ao of ttie grandest I tot m,,,— rveT ar®n in this colooy, jorforr I ""t tics 8 Vbe Handicap I hatis, it ,7ft- Poor affrir, Fiomgan T totabrtbii blf own ,«y from tee jsmp, I t"4 have i, ,foS00dfiay'e-sportoiul4j I the 'Maiden |> to be ivlll— 3" Monivae ahowed him- I IHljil1 f — I turn of Bpiud r- I i " very coolly. Tito to lose, as Monivae came up with a enal. And bad the raoe been a hundred there je vety little doubt M'TJi?oD ed to "> 'rout- Mr. Donald uto ZJiUteT' a it SinnV be ootaieasea wsm a Hrest mrfWMw in Umt hMe themfaway well to- gether. , Mr. J. P. Hamilton P.M., was the Judge- anda »«y goodLouoiton . ..--77. ever thte Pjudgiri is not cauM tor represented Mrwtehy.Sm w£ " ? l'Y'uuurto "weighing 'steward, end he totoZS o""S .scales am uuab a manner -as to five evtwterfmstion. .--nieocSw tbe grand stand was 'looked afterJbv 1 1- Andereou. qf Redrntk aailTX oonnt otthp perfonrumcM, '"HUUiai sirimimiivi, Of IBOuovs. ;jeeobnd hwBe,.-20 oova. imr of the stake; abont three amies. ("1 Mr. James &edfearn;> c iTsSallw.ast. i <ltorrti i Mr.M. HertibyebeFemanePstalb ..(OwacrS 2 Mr. Wm. Trelnor'e b g GifSpi; ST5S — r . 1 (Keren) s The following also went for giia aveht VIE. : — Soeas, 10st 101b MAo, TOA: 9Tb - Maggie Moore, lOst '61b ; Sportsman. '-lOat j Sunshine, 9«t 101b ; Osoar, Sit 101b"; ' All Serene, 9st 71b ; Bnsbman, 9st s StrnymTBst 121b. The betting 1st' the start was to II Maggie Moore, 4 to I Oscir; 6to" I agamat any other. Tbe horses took several prilimi- ' nary casters, and uone. appeared to-ruove more freely than tee veteran. Sportsman. Sunshine played np in most fanciful manner, and all tbe horses ..looked; as fit as fitjoonld be, Sailor and Maggie Moore being piotarea of rude health. Mr; M'Lellan neat "them well 'away, on-tfaeirfouniey, Sailor at onoe going to tbe front. There be didnot. remain long, as Fenian led . over the first'fence, fol lowed by Maggie Moore,- -Snnshipe, Gras- bopper, and Shamrock f tbelatter led at the , bade of tbe pooreej.fqr a abort distaoce, aod poor old 'Spiirtsman "brought "up "the" rear tbrongbontuhtilhe retired from thedbn test, not baring the ghost of a show with ench fleet footed custom era, Maggie Moore soon, deprived Shamrock of the premier position,-, and hard-pnshed by Fenian, rnshed.up to the. log" fence, at which »bs baulked. Sulor was then eeen to be holding hia own in the rock, , hard held, and AH -Serene ssfas jumping' splendidly. As a matter of fact, a finer lot uf jamping ' horses was never seen, -the credit of the 'Weetero district bring, iu teat respect, most, ably sustained. Maggie Moore's baolkiag gave - 'Fenian the first plaoe. Then Wallace began to forge ahead on 'Struan, and, riding splendidly came up to the Irishman, oollared him when passing tbe trrSnii "Stand, -ana neetired"' a rgood- lead. - The horses paased the srtand in the following order :— Strnaii ' and Fenian elose together, SanshiDe, Sailor, Maggie Moore, Grasshopper, the rest all -together, with the exception of Sportsman, who was a long way behind. At . the fence past the stand Struan mads a mis take, and nearly snoceeded in-t browing Mb' rider,.. who recovered Me, oast splendidly, amidst cries of applause from tbe stand. He then got good Itad, :and the -cry was; " they'll never catch him,T -but be managed to fall at the f enoe at tbe baric of the course, and never bid s show afterwards. Maggie Moore and Fenian then -tried to cut .'each other down ; Sailor was seen well np, pulling riouble ; and Oscar beganto make his effort, hot fell at the feoce near the stand, and was -"(dean ont of it.". Posting : the stand tiie seoood time, Maggie Moore led, closelypreesad by. Fenian, -Sailor being a good-tiiird, and -Eneas, the latter falling at the, next fenoe, when going well. Atthetnra,theIriBhmangave way to the Sailor; and tee ruck : was not ;eo far behind aa is Usually seen in each noes; Again, however, Fenian came at the. hack of - the conree; and raced with the favonrite, who ooold not, do what she wonld, shake bim off. <Tbese two hones came in fortee.lion's share ' of attention, but little notice bring taken of the others. : At tiie turn, however, Mac came . op with atremendons.resh. and it seemed. all overbnt shunting,--, when he fell at tbe log fonOe, sent his. rider, Taylor,- an awful "purier," "and - never again had a ehow.- M orris then let Sailor, go, and the gallant cherent atonoe' went up to the front — Maggie Moore again getting into difficulties at the log" fence — and .subsequently won by severte lengths. ' Fenian was' eeoond, bnt nearly - emrendered this place, to '.Grasshopper, cleverly ridden by r M6ren. ' No offirial tinie'' was taken, "bat the race was not k'tAny fast one. - KANniCAT HCBOLE RACE, ; - - 3 . .; Of 75 soya. . About .iwo.milee Kr. H- G sUagLcr's lis m Hurry Maid, aged, lost Slbs(Breen) .. lJt. — — . — .— 1 Mr. A. K. Finlay's b g Lord Ndson, 5 yrs, Cat - . Slbe (Mnoro)—" ... .2 Kr. A- M'Intyre'g br n Uqri. aged, ABttiba- Hr.ra&'s bikg Dan Riee, aged, SstI21be 3 . (Corrigmn) — .. c4 The other etartera were— Mystery, lOst 41be ; Matilda, Sat 61bs ; President, 9at 31be ; Blue Bonnet, 9st 2iba; Skyrocket, Set lUbs ; Fenella, 8 et 7 lbs ; Lidybird,' 8et 7Hri j'IScottiBh Chief, ' Sat 71 be ; 'Tien Tain. 8st 6lbs ; making a splendid field of. sixteen. Tlbe weights mentioned were those given by -the bandicappere. Ladybird car- riad Tlbe. extra ; Scottish UhieT, 151ba; Tien Tsin,.9lbs; and. Skyrocket, 3lbs extra. It. will thas be sesn tbat Sbotftab -Ciirel was very . -much pverweighted;' bnt:fM.r; -Stewart being liable to get another videT," determined to give the public a run for their money. .This was landtele on bis part, buJy after all, a jreat mistake, aa it was not" generally known' that the Chief was carrying more than a etone bVerweight, And he may have been badred under the supposition that he. wot only "carry ing . 8st 71 be. "' The bettmp at the start, was 3 to 1 Dan Rice, 4 to I .Oscar, A to 1 Matilda, f tir l ' Preri- dent,. 5 to I .Merey 'Maid, 'and 6 to 1 against aoy. other; Dan' Rice and- Matilda bring very much fancied. Tbe start wbb a fur one, Mysteiy getting away on advan tageous terms, 'Bine Bonnet lagging behind. Tbey all cleared the first bardie- in splendid Style; and Sepia was leading op to tile second fence, when Dan Bice' rushed, to the front, and was the" first to clear thatobstarie, -which totally hp-el Tien TsinV bhincoof -wibcirig ; President rieo made a mistake' at itj bnt his rider, George Thornton, "saved bis heat with remarkable skUL At the turn 'dnto : the straight; tbe intervening jump8 having been nicely negotiated. Mystery led. Sepia second," DanRioe, we think," third, andLurdetson, "who apjriaredJ to-be -gning remarkatlly well,': sixth;,' The latter; -lb en;. went ithrough his horses very quiritiy; and tbe fotlosring was the order when pasting the: etshd; viz., Sepia, Lord' Nelson,'. Dan Riee; Merry Maid, Ladybird, President,' and Mystery. At the back of the conree; the hero of Trafalgar having riightiy" fallen -back, President was seen in tee third place, but ut wae evidrot ; he had ehot bn bolt," andrtheifaoe aBerteis" , to "the tom'-appraredto he DtrifRice'e, wfth.; 8epia as a good- eecond. "Dan jRfoe wmsT1 was" tbe Cry, ' wben . be led into' tee straight; leogtha ahead of Sepia sgf Iiorff" N elaon , !and : had be heen takem, onto tbe grass inrteadof on tothe greasy, heavy track, i 4tfo'probkblehe wonld bavnwmif ' As it jwsj. he labomred finder grest disadniOago, arid wlrip and'spnr being applied to fispia' arid: rinLTNehnnr they tfiShed ap tote® leader, who flinched jdireetfy be felt the whip-cord, and gave way.._ Btill it was a splendid eting- g)e between fh« three, and that one of jthem ftSBfaW fcwMi fipifU , the greatest certainty inuginable. " Snddedty" ' sobtiier fempe.'Wrhom ,. nobidy .appeared, to hare oh- eerved heforewsa eeen rhsiung qp oq tiie tonoridefo This wiw-Mer Maid. jWheretije. .came front was A .mystery ; she appeared to 'epafig 'np ont of i the jpart|u„ . Rapidly she overtook thsstrnggliagtrio.paned teemfia. jand the kandip Ippen wgre ppmplimentid ob all atdna.-- ;;The aeoond, third, and foorij> doe-Jy together that none bat tee jsdge'elmld JioritiVilrwiyiwBidi was tee aeoondbpne (n tiiiagraad eontret. . .. BANDICaP riAx BACE.' ' ' " Drdfl sovsi "One toile and-s balL; Mr-'-fl. kiiifiiwlil 7 Flnnlg»n,jsge4.gr 121h WW - -«»q— «w', we wre (raVBAB) 0 Kr, Afiripeo'ehRrfndfx, agMl, est (Ma%Tove) O \- Fmoigan was -made tiie faviiurite of level was pot quite fit, aod-Uaid of Lome was jsovtir her »!P!B#aNitoitodblto6 |iretfy'fe'n64teff htaSK.a <ve<qp,4mdallowed_Maidpf_Loroetoqome KAiiiEH ;8ntu>L«aoASE, - Of -45 eore.r About two miles. Mr. John Kerr'e b g IntrepH, s yrs. list 61b .. .. 7. .. (Owner) 1 Mr. D. H'Lellan's b g Monivae, aged, last Ub ; — - — — — - . — (Naylor) 2 teG.bto.FteelU.wged, rttelg, q Level money on Intrepid and Monivae.. Intrepid led. but at the haek of the course Monivae wgnti tip to himhandbver foot,' ami it was tiuMht wonld ont'bim down, bntfell at a fenoe. Mr. KeiT then jogged slong very comfortably, under the Impression that no opposition, waato, be feared. He was scd- dcnly oronsed, 'however, by criesfh' Moni vae was' cotSing Op to faun again. h This was the case— Monivae came across the country at a splendid pace, and mnat'inevitably have/ been the winner bad then been another quarter of a mile to go. As it was be only ToatW fiffe W, fohgths,sand-thia brilliant finish- far as good raring is concerned, to a close. Tbe brat order was kept; and no serious ab-" rident oecpned to disturb the proceedings. The stakes wiwe paid lover in the evening at the Victoria Hotel, where tbe healths of the spirited owners of Sailor and Merrymaid, as also of the nnanocessfol owners, were drunk, in bumpers of " Roederer.", - . ; ' . - , 