"THE MURMURS OF THE STREAM:" A (N AUGIIT Y) BIOGRAPHY. " All is but toys ! "—Macbeth. Secluded in my little shop, In happy days of yore, I've sat admiring pretty toys, As men have done before ! And pictured scenes of days to come — 'Twas then but Fancy's dream — I heard it breathed in every breeze, And murmured in the stream ! I saw the clouds of Discord rise, O'ershadowing the land, And I alone, magician-like, With one wave of my hand Dispelled the gloom whiclrhung around And blackened, it would seem, The fair fame of this golden land That babbled in the stream. O'er all the " Empire " I held sway, I scholars hired to write ; But of reward, in shape of pay, They never got a mite. To pay for scrawls of pen and ink, It was not in my scheme ; I raised some " ghosts " I could not lay — ' They murmured in the stream ! Of course, with such an engine, soon I made my sweet voice heard ; Was offered place in Parliament, And took it " like a bird ! " I'd often envied those in power — Now power became my dream ; I woke at last, and bade farewell To murmurs by the stream. I rose quite equal to the cause Of Freedom's daring flight ; I lifted up Australia's sons From ignorance and night ; And in the Senate dared my foes, Whose flashing eyes would gleam On me, or those who'd listened to My murmurs by the stream. And then intelligence was flashed Along the deep-sea wire That all my dreams were realised — I'd got my soul's desire ! I was K.C.M.G. at last — Of glory, lasting gleam Was thrown upon the name of one Who'd murmured by the stream. But yet it grieves me sore to know They've knighted that man Jack As well as me ; but let him mind, I'm always on his track ! I s'ppose he thinks his title new Will every fault redeem ; His fame will never equal mine Read " Murmurs by the Stream" ! ! I don't know where my luck will end — I really hope I shall (As soon as " Bill " resigns the post) Be Agent-Gene-ral ! But not to Birmingham I'll go — For it would ill beseem A knight to show himself where he Had murmured by the stream ! . i A 