ArigUutt Safo Written expressly for the Soutlterri Argus. IK J!l Z IE IL. By Cu-tiij-e. [AH rights of printing and publishing this tale reserved.] (Continued from our last). Chapter VIII. ' Make haste, Hazel,' called ont Dora, one afternoon,. bb she came 'elevating' herself »p the stairs. ' Oh, dear, how hot it is ; what are you doing ?' Hazel was making a splendid bouquet of paper dahlias, and her fingers were very sticky, ia consequence of having used them instead of her mucilage brash. *' Very pretty,' remarked Dora, with an over amount of admiration in her voice ; ' but it 1 were you, Id come down to tea — it would be much more sociable than staying up here dabbling in poisonous paper and paste.' 'Isn't it too hat to be sociable?'* Hazel said, leisurely screwing a slip of paper round a wire stem the while. ' I shouldn't think it's ever toe hot to do one's duty,' said Dora, survejing the sticky fingers and the equally sticky face with a grim smile. ' Whv, child, yon look like one of those poor babies we saw last week, just after a decided meal of maizena or arrowroot starch.' ' Dora, what a shame.' ' Well, tea's ready, Hazel ; but as it's * too hot to be sociable,' I advise you to adhere to paste and paper. I am going down to enter tain Mr. Grower and Mr. Rivers. Shall 1 tell them from you ? ' ** Oh ?' interrupted Hazel, springing up and seizing the water ewer and a towel, ' Why didn't you say so before ?' Dora laughed heartily. ' Shall I tell them the reason you haven't been down ? ' ' No ; I'll be there to tell them myself presently,' replied Hazel, as she removed a great holland apron and bib, and so displayed her pretty little figure, attired in a cool, transparent dress, underneath -which might be seen a little— a very little — of the fair arms and shoulders. Kay always said it waB a pleasure to tarn from ladies in general, and look upon the style and material of his sister's dressing. He hated voluptuous display in dress, Kay did. ' Let woman be as beautifully and gracefully arrayed as possible, but let os have it all in a chaste manner, none of your compromising with modesty,' he would say. I wonder if he ever was really a pervert from this creed of good taste, or whether he only recanted under a glamour, or for the sake of peace ? ** What do they want T Hazel asked, as the two went downstairs together. ' Ever so many things, you may be sure j the wants of the nobler sex are unlimited. If you ask who they want just at present, I can tell you.' 'Who?' *' Yourself, for one.'' ' I ?' « Yes, and I.' \- ' « For what ?' 'Come and find out, Mrs. Inquisitor general.' It had been a sweltering day, and now the evening shadows were falling coolingly over the panting earth, and a light breeze swayed the laurel boughs and the creepers outside. In the parlor there was a pleasant ham of voices, which subsided an the girls entered. ' We came,' said Charlie Rivers, afier greeting Hazel in his own grave, sweet fashion, ' to carry you off for one of the moon light drives my sisters are so fond of.'. . *' And I have decided that our duty lies at home,' Dora said, as the gentleman paused. ' Papa is not home yet, and would feel it Strange if we both were away when he came.' ' Then yon go, Dora,'' said Hazel. *? No, dear ; I intend to stay at home ; but there is no reason why you should not go.' ' Not without you.' ' ' Laorie, try your persuasive powers,*' said Charlie. - ' No use,' said Mr. Gower, with mock despair. *' They won't come to see my house- ! keeper and my mill in spite of all the elo quence I have nsed.' ' Come and take tea,' said Dora, archly. ' Mr. Gower would not try to tempt us from our duty!' ' I think we had better decline tea — Isa and Annie will be in tortures to know what is keeping us ? .' u Hera is papa,' exclaimed H*zel. Mr. Grower's hat went back to ita former resting, place, and Charlie stalked for to meet Mr. Verney. After tea, Mr. Verney subsided into his business calculations, leaving the young folks to pursi e (1 eir own pleasure. tl I say, Grower, this is a thorough family concern, this carriage,' said Charlie, as he Ipuujred easily in a nicely- cushioned corner. ' Yes,' answered bis friend, who was driving a pair of beautiful black horses. ** Look here, Charlie, I shall send for Alick to drive ; I mean to be comfortable, too.' ' Bight you are, my boy,' said Charlie, 'and who's going to play propriety.' 'u. All of os,' said Laurie. 'No, but— ' ' Mrs. Rivers is going,'' said Crower. ' My mother !— she never told me.' « She told me.' u I'll be at her for that. I say you, Gower, don't you get stepping between a fellow and his mother.' ' I didn't ; she stepped up to me, and told me she was to be one of the party to-night. \ Why, man alive, are you sorry your mother is ? goin£ ?' 'Guess not,' said Charlie, emphatically. ;' 4,MJne is the jolliest, dearest, best little mother that ever was; ain't she good at charades, and so forth ?'' Laurie smiled a little. ' That laRt qualification seems a pet one,' he said. ' That's one of the least,' returned Charlie. ' A noble mother must have bred so brave a son,' laughed Dora. ' ? ** I don't Jmow about brace,' said Charlie,, getting up from his corner, to face the last speaker, ?' but I'd fight till I was obliged to give over for her.' '?That's real bravery, Charlie,' said Mr. Gower, quietly. ' I have no one to fight for.' ' Get a wife,' said ChaVlie, bluntly ; but to this there was no response. ' You have plenty of time. Why don't you seek ont some pining damsel, kick up a row with her big brother, and then fight the whole family,' said Charlie. 'Thank 5011. I have no genius for giving or accepting black eyes and broken frontal organs,' Mr. Gower said, drily ; ' besides, I didn't fish for that adrice, Mr. Charlie.' ' As usual, my valuable advice has been thrown back into my teeth,' Charlie said, jerking himself back into his corner, with the air of one whose genius is unappreciated. ' I say, Gower,' he said, coming up sud denly again, ' what have you done with the last two Saturday afternoons ?' ' R. I. P. 1 Vex not the ghosts of the past, my good friend. I recollect some splendid Saturday afternoons with Wbitmore, when ' That's evading roy question.' ' Faith, I know.' ' We had letters from Kay by the recent mail,' said Dora. *' Ah— is he well ?' Dora said he was ; and gave the message of regards which she had forgotten till then. ' I never met a better fellow than Kay,' said Mr. Gower, warmly. ' My introduction to him was through a grave misunderstanding ; and it was doubtful to me whether we should hot be life- long enemies. Somehow his interests always clashed with mine at college ; yet he maintained an evenness of disposition, and a liberality of spirit which I have never seen eqvaiied. In spite of almost every dis advantage, we became fast friends, and always shall be.' Hazel was off in a dreamy sort of medi tation on Mr. Gower's word?. Surely, she thought, time would prove him the honorable man his friend took him to be. Had she not better wait, and trust him ? But she saw the danger of this, and fell to, in a perfectly serious way, thinking how sensible was that proverb, called, in jest, the ' eleventh com mandment' — ' blessed is he that expeeteth nothing : verily be shall not be disappointed.' So deep in her reverie was Hazel sunk, that she did not know they had stopped to take up Mrs. Rivers and her daughters, till Mr. Gower touched her quietly on the arm. ' Dreaming ?' he said, pleasantly. ' Yes, I believe,' said Hazel. He smiled back at her, and then stood down, helping Mrs. Rivers to her seat in the carriage. *? How does Hamilton agree with your notions of happiness and society now ?' asked Mr. Gower, as they proceeded along a shaded road, under the cooling sky. ' Whitroore kept me posted up in information as to your coming ; and I declare I felt quite a share in the concern when you did arrive.' ' Oh, my prophetic soul 1' quoted wicked Charlie Rivers, 'under his breath. 'Now, mother mine, what was that warning gesture for?' he added, as Mrs. Rivers shook her head at him. 'I like Hamilton thoroughly,' replied Hazel, hearing but failing to understand the little bye- play. ' Life is not such a fever as it is in the city.' 'This is fine,' said Charlie, as a great wave of pure air swayed over them from the near forest. ' I say, Laane, what are vou going to do with yoiiruelf on Christmas Day ?' ' Don't krow yet.' *' Time to make uo your mind.' « No hurry.' ' I wonder,' said Charlie, speculatively, ' will Gower ever be in a hurry ?' u I say ves,' laughed Mr.«. Rivers. ' Wheril?' asked Charlie, eagerly. ' Whea the occasion is sufficiently important ?' ' Too bad,' cried Charlie ; ' what do you say, Miss Verney ?' ** Very much too bad, indeed,' answered Dora, demurely. ' No, but about Gower ?' ' Well, I should say very little about him, because I don't know much.'' 'Look here,' said Charlie, 'you are fencing, all of you. Now, I aek you, Miss Verney, do you think there will ever come a period in Mr. Gower's existence when he will be really in a hurry ?'' w I think so,' Dora said, calmly. ' So do I. But, generally speaking, Laurie wants hurrying up, as the Yankees say.' ' Does he ?' said Dora, simply. ' I think all gentlemen do,' said Isa, who bad taken off her hat, and was sitting on the Boor of the carriage close to Hazel. 'And it's only once in four years that ladies have the privilege of hurrying them ; it ought to be oftener,' said Charlie. ' I'm afraid that boy of mine is too pre cocious altogether,'* Mrs. Rivers said, bending forward with her own genial motherly smile. ' We are talking a great deal of nonsense,' Hazel said. ** Are you not disgusted, Mrs. Rivers ?' ' No, my dear.' ' I thought elderly people, as a rule, ob jected to the small talk of the young.' ' Well, for one thing, I don't subscribe to any rule of that sort; and, for another, if growing old means a horror of the light, free, joyous, innocent intercourse of youth, I am not old, nor shall I ever be.' ' Mother always gave us children good times,' said ' mother's'* champion. ?* She let us toot and sing to our hearts' content, in the dining-room, evenings; and when that failed, she would help as get up games herself/' ' Yes ; I always thought it better that my children should frolic indoors, even if they did break down a chair or two, Charlie (this with a meaning glance at her son, who was alwavs great at disasters when a boy), than go out to find amusement, at the risk of breaking down their morals and my happiness.' 'You dear little duck of a mother!' Charlie said, with a great impressive hug of the shrivelled, ungloved hand, -which he had got hold of. 'I'm awfully in love1 with my mother, Gower.' ' ? p ' rc-**Mr. Gower thinks you are by for too demonstrative, you Billy fellow/' Annie said, giving him a soft pat on the side of his head. ' I'm sure ;het doesn't,' cried Mr. Gower. ' He thinks you are a happy man to be the son of such a mother.' ' You'll make mother blush,' Charlie said. ' Not I ; she kuows what I. mean,' he said, quietly. Whereupon Charlie commenced a shrill performance of odd lines from the sparkling duet, ' The Cousins,' which Laurie's last words had brought to his mind. 'What do you call that?' asked Mr. Gower, critically. ' The CouBins.' ' What voice, I mean.' ' Falsetto.' « Is it ?' ' How, look here, Gower, I won't have a fellow criticising my performance, when he is not able to sing better than a crow.' ' He can sing,' said Isa, laughing. ' Sing 1 — he can't ; he hasn't the first idea towards it. I mean my system, of course.' ' Was that a specimen just now ?' ' Of course it was.' ' Well, I confess I can't sing like that : it was the most hideous noise I ever heard ; it was even a stage below dog-music.' ' Mother, can't we have a good sing ont here now ?' asked Charlie. ** If yon like ; I see no reason why yow should not, if Mr. Gower's horses have not nerves of too delicate an order.'' ' Dear m*dauj, after Charlie's musical efforts just now, I am sure nothing will startle them. So come, my charmer, let us have more melody.' *' Mr. Gower is speaking to you,' Charlie said, putting his face very near to Dora. ' When he does, I shall hear him,' Dora said, mildly. ' I'll bet vou will, and answer him, too.' ' Doubtless/ Here Mr. Gower broke in with a four-part song, and was soon joined by Charlie and the two girls, ' How beautifully he sings,' Hazel said to Mrs. Rivers. ' Yes,'J she said, heartily. ' Laurie has a glorious voice.' ' There is something fresh about this sort of driving,' remarked Dora, bestirring herself. ' Mr. Gower introduced it, and it has be come a favorite summer pastime with us,'' replied Mrs. Rivers. (To be continued in our nextj. A Woman's Core fob Lockjaw — Several weeks ago this community, says the Beading Eagle, was . somewhat alarmed about what was considered as a lockjaw epidemic A great many fatal cases were reported, and the physicians again fouud themselves at a loss to properly meet this much-dreaded ail ment. The following cure, urged by an elderly woman residing along- the Blue Mountains, is said to be effectual. Some will not employ the remedy because they think it too simple; others have no faith in it ; while others often think such a wound as is made by runuing a rusty nail in the foot ton trivial to make much fuss about. The remedy is simple and always on hand when needed, asd if put into practice many a life might be saved. It is simply to smoke such a wound or bruise that is in flamed wiib burning wool or wolleii cloth. It is said that in 20 minutes the smoke of wool will take the pain out of the worst wound, and repeated once or twice it will allay fhe -worst case of inflammation arising from a wound. People may sneer at the old woman's remedy as much as they please, hot when they are afflicted just let them try it. It has fcaved many lives and much pain, and is worthy of being printed in letters of gold and pat in every home. VAr.r*BtB Discovert tor the Kair.— If ronr hiir i turainsr grey or iriiito, or fatllni off, nsa ' The Mexid Hair Jlenewer,' for it will positively resbrre. in erery «i- Grey or White kair to its original colour, without leaving the disagreeable smell of most ' Restorers.' It, mikes tic hair charmingly beaatifaL as well as promoting- the groiptl of the hair on b&!d spots, where the gUnds are not decayed Ask your Chemist in* 'The Mexican Hais Kekewee,' prepared by Hekbt C. Gallup, 49S, Oxford-street, London and sold by Chemists and Perfumers everywhere at 3s. 64 xtnr Bottle. 8S Throat AprnonoH? axd Hoarseness. — All liuflering from irritation of the throat and hoarseness will be agree ably surprised at the almost immediate relief afforded bj the use of ' Brown's Brouchin.1 Troches.' These famous ** lozengftR' are now sold hy moat respectable chemists in this cotmtr.T at Is. 1J1- per box. People troubled with ' hacking ftoujrh,' a 'slisrbt cold.' or bronchial affections, cannot try thorn too soon, as similar troubles, if allowed t- progress, result in serious Pulmonary and Asthmatic afie tions. See that the words ' Hrown's Brouchial Troch«s- »re on the Government Stamp around each box. — -Linuf;i tured br Joss L. Buoirv & rioss, Kostou, United State? M..,,f. m. iv'wi.,-^. ? t..,,. - -,„. 