THE VICTORIA COURSING CLUB. THE DERBY AND OAKS STAKES. SECOND DAY. FriDAY, Amir, 13. This meeting was continued yesterday, in the Vineyard paddock, and in spite of almost midsummer weather, some good sport was obtained and much enjoyed by the special tore The paddock was very bare, but has seldom held a better head of game than it did yesterday For this the club are in no small degree indebted to Mr Elliott Blake, who beat his vineyard before daylight in the morning, and drove many hares into the paddock The weather was very hot, and for several hours during the middle of the day, when there was not a breath of wind stirring the heat was almost unbear- able in the afternoon a light breeze sprang up, but it was at times scarcely perceptible. The beating was managed extremely well and the way the band of small beaters did their work was the admiration of every one 'The hard ground told severely on many of the greyhounds, and as the Blake is run further into the scratchings will probably be numerous The following are the particulars of the days coursing - Coursing was resumed with the Oaks Stakes, Gee Gee running a bye, Miss Avon, who had been injured in a kennel quarrel, being drawn Miss Revel just managed to secure first turn from bill Bill and went on for a couple of turns more Gill Gill then got placed and scored, when Revel dashed in and picked up the hare but did not hold her, and Gill Gill killed Maid of Judah led her full sister Petty Cash up and made four turns lUDning Petty Crab got in and turned, but Maid of Judah would not be denied, and dPihmg in drove the hare to the vineyard Belvue led Mies Wellington to the hare by nearly a dozen lengths and made several wrenches up the h li side When half way to the vineyard fence Miss Welling. ton went pt st, took a a' gat wrench, and the bare escaped into cover The judge gave the COURse to Miss Wellington Reporting being drawn, Juanita ran a bye singlehanded and killed a good hare in brilliant style Rosa Bonheur and Handsome Girl din agreed in the slips and on being sent away the former stood for a second, thus allowing Handsome Girl to get a strong lead She turned and held her place Road then went by her, wrenched, and led over a rocky bank, and soon after the hare escaped into a hole The judge gave the course to Handsome Girl Fairy Queen raced to the bare with a strong lead, and turned, letting Miss Maggie in The latter then turned twice and the pair went out of sight for a few seconds On coming into view again, Fairy Queen was leading, and held possession till the hare escaped into the vineyard The white flag showed that Miss Maggie had gained the victory Aurora and Lady Vandyke had a sharp dodging course after a small here when they changed on to a fresh one, Aurora killed, and won with a point or two to the good. Owing to Current Com being an sighted, ComiteBB Tivoli got first to the hare. Current Coin then got in and held possession working the shore all the way up the hillside Countess got placed near the fence but could do nothing with the bare. Miss Jessie led Kip for first turn, and then in a long stretch after a splendid hare Kip went by, and turned The rest of the course was all in favour of Kip who won with a good deal to spare Gaiety and Busy Body raced away from the slip and ran as if coupled, when near the hare the former drew out, and took the turn, served herself, and scored twice when they dipped into the creek , going up the hill side Busy had it all her own way, and held possession to the vineyard Belzie led Juliet away, but getting a bad fall the latter was enabled to score a victory. Tintoretto led Hebe to the hare and in a good course she won without once allowing HoLe to score Gitana tod Briseis in a long race to the hare, placed Briseis, who scored, and Gitana went out of sight in possession, Gitana was declared the victor. Miss Minnie led to the hare, turned, and placed Sultana, who wrenched, and nearly picked the hare up The hare escaped into a drain, and Miss Minnie won the coarse In a splendid run up Avon Water got the turn, and in a race for the drain she did all the work. In making a fine drive Avon Water raced past the hare, and turned it into Forest Queen's mouth, who killed Gazelle led Fairy to the hare and made half a dozen points when the latter in turn ran up a long room before she gave Gazelle a chance After some give and take work Tany killed, and just won Angelica Kauffman led Jed in the run up, and won the course all the way in a good trial Camellia fairly outworked and outpaced Agitation Sea Ghost was unlighted, end when they got together Rachel never allowed her to score, and won a very long, revere i courses. Mori'ing Gleam Red Lady of the Lake up, and finished a good give and take course with a clever kill, and Won Josephine led Hyssop up, and turned, holding her position, and went on for a couple of wrenches when they went out of tight Soon after, the red flag showed that Josephine had won. Puzzle and Ready Money were slipped to a dodging hare, who went round twice before the dogs reached her. Puzzle then got on firms with the hare, and made a succession of strong wroaches In making a dash Ready Money fell and never got in again. Garlend led Singing Girl to the hare, and to a course of moderate length never let her SAQUI .. point of merit Desdemona led Ilma de Murska to the hare, and in what could be seen of a good coarse outworked and outpaced her. Thin brought the first round in the Oaks Stakes to a close at a few minutes to 1 o'clock. The first ties in the Derby Stakes were then commenced, Fandango being absent, Barefoot ran a bye Invincible was unsighted at the slip, but when be got in he beat Tom Pepper easily, and won a short course with a smart kill. in a long and terrible severe coarse Royal Avon gave Landseer a most unmistakable beating Landseer ran for a long way and then stopped while the brindle dog went on in a most game manner. A hare was then sighted, but owing to some keeping back the chance was lost and coursing was given up for the day. The meeting will be resumed to day at Warwick's hill The following are the results of the trials obtained - THE O THE ST IVES For bitch puppies SO Bubn, dO paid forfeit Winner, £120, runner up, 20, two dogs, £50 each , three dogs £10 each six dogs 25 each Mr A H Gardener a t and bd b Geo Goo, by Mara then Glacier 20th October, 1876, ran a bye Mr W.M. a bd b Mina Avon, by Royal Vi atir-Weo Avon, 16th July, 1875 drawn Mr W B Rounsevell s bk and w b Revesby Cashier -Lady, 30th September, 1876, boat Mr A H Gar donor a light of b Olli GUI, by Marathon-Qlaclor, 20th October, 1876 Mr J Munday; a rd b Maid of Judah by Protector Una 22nd August, 1875, boat Mr D Richardson's I and w b Potty Cox b, by Protectorates, 22nd August, 1876 Mr W Condron a w and bd b Mus Wellington, by Wellington-road d Amour, December, 1876 boat Mr M Mara b s I b Bollovuo, by Young, Britain Little Fraud 10th October 1875 Mr D Jones e bk and w b Juanita, by Cacique V - Lucy li, 20th October, 1876 ran a bye Mr W H Rocke bk and w b Reporting, by Protector Ventura 1st July, 1875, drawn Mr J Collier a stand w b Handsome Girl, by Hand son of Jacksons October, 1876, boat Mr F Wood house a t h Boat Bonheur, by Rod Hall Gipsy, 10th November, 1876 Mr W K Thomson a was d bk of Miss Maggie by Tumult-Bertha, 28th November, 1876, boat Dr Fetherston a d and w b Fairy Queen, by Protector -Una, 22nd August, 1875 Mr 8 Renwick 2 b Aurora, by Rod Roy or-Vesta, 28th September, 1875 beat Mr F Woodhouse a F and J V Lady Vandyke by Bed Rail Duchess of Kent, 20th ensemble, 1876 Mr J K. Tulloch a bit and w h Current Coin, by Caihior-Cutto,, Emily, 1875 beat Mr J Clarke's land w b Countess of any Mlaorablt-Lady Hawthorne 17th September, last Mr D G Clark's f b Kip by ris Hazard, 12th July 1876, boat Mr W K Thomson T:" S Miss Jessie, by Fjgmallou-Ghinni Ghinni, 11th O'w-, 1875 Mr T W Beckwith a bk and w b Busy Body, by Westlake Miss Leila, 22nd November, 1876, beat Mr A JJ. Gardeners oh I b Gaiety, by Magnano -Playful, 3rd July, 1876 Mr D Jones Bf w Juliet by Warfare Jenny Lind, 22nd August, 1875 beat Mr T H. Bell a of and w b Bell. fleshy Glenlyon Gosling, 6th October, 1875 Mr F Woodhouse a bk and w b Tintoretto harried Rail Duchess of Kent, 26th September, 1876, boat Mr S Renwick a bk and w b Hobo, by Professor Morrissey, September, 1879 Mr H Gore's bk and w b Gitana by Cashier Colleen Bawn, 3rd October, 1876, beat Mr S BloorVä bd b Briseis, by Bollorophon-fly, 10th February, 1876 Mr A Forrester s bd and w b Miss Minnie, by Royal Waterloo Avon, 16th July, 1875, boat Mr W Con drove d and w b Sultana, by Wellington Rose d Amour. December, 1875 Mr J Robertson a (Jun ) bd b Avon Water, by Royal Water- Wed Avon, 16th July, 1875, boat Mr J Faucett a bk and w b Forest Queen, by Cacique II Jim Crow s Elster, 24th October, 1875 Mr J Faucett a he and w h Fairy, by Cacique II - Jim Crow's Sister, 24th October, 1875, beat Mr A. H Gardener a de f b Gazelle, by Magnano-Playful, 3rd July, 1875 Mr F Woodhouse's bo b Angelica, Kaufmann, by lied Bell Duchess of Kent, 18th September, 1876, beat Mr T Armstrong ker and w b Led, by Spring -Farm, 10th December 1875 Mr F Woodhouse s f and w b Camilla, by Red Rail -Dauntless, 21st December, 1876 boat Mr W J Livingstone's b and w b Agitation, by Tumult Bertha, 18th November 1876 Mr G Plant's wand f b Rachel,byJonadab-Gipsy, 20th July, 1876, boat Mr A Hopkinson who Sea Ghost, by Warfare- Sons SUrer, 23rd September, 1876 Mr D M Bryde e bk and w b Lady of the Lake, by Prefet Patti, 14th October, 1876, boat Mr J M'Spoor. IORB bd b Morning Gleam, by Protootor-Mavour- neen, 15th November, 1875 Mr D Jones B b and w b Josephine, by Cacique II \- Lucy JJ, 20th October, 1876 boat Mr B Hepburn a be and w b Hyssop, by Highway-Hawk bye, 3rd January, 1876 Mr A Clarke rd b Puzzle by Westlake-Bafilo, 12th October, 1875, boat Hon. W B Rounsevell a rd b Ready Money, by Gad beggars, 22nd September, 16. Mr. M. Greene's for rab Garland, by Pilot Hazard, 17th July, 1876 (beat Mr A H C Utrt'e bd b Singing Girl, by Choir Boy-Culver, 10th October, 1875. Mr. 8. Renwick s ret b Desdemona, by Red Rover Maid o'Gowrie, 31st August. 1876, beat Mr. W. Pater- son of and w b lines do Murska, by Spot Land o' Gowrie, 20th July, 1876. THE DERBY STAKES. First Ties. Barefoot ran a bye, Fandango absent. Invincible boat horn Pepper. Be] at Lion beat Landseer. Covenanter a bye, Fuihtiook dr. 