An Interview with the Pope. Tee Daily Life op Prus ix. Roue, Oct. 1G.— To-day, for the first time sine Victor Enianuel entered Rome, tbe Pope has shown himself at St. Peter's. It was not exactly a public occasion ; it was merely the reception of a band of Spanish pilgrims, too numerous to be en tertained in any of the greut halls of the Vatican.and extreme care was taken tu shut out of the Basilica all who could not prove their connection with the romeria, first by showing their tickets of member ship, and secondly by passing a brief examinati -n in tha Sn&nish; lamruaire. The nilerims. however, nrere h-b many as 70U0 or 8000, and some privi eged UaUans, with a few fortunate strangers like myself, also received invitations to attend, eo that ;he ceremonies could hardly be called private The pilgrims, led by the Archbishop of G-ranada, arrived by detachments last week. They embraced all ranks, from the noble to the peasant ; and the strangest contrasts were presented -as they wan dered «bout the streets uf Home, and thronged the galleries and museumB,— bishops in purple, priests in black, monks in white and brown, women with the national mnutilla and sparkling eyes, peasants in velvet jackets and red woollen caps, ladies and gentlemen in tbe lutest lasbions of Madrid and Paris. Maay, too poor to hire lodgings, slept in the street?, and breakfasted on bread by the public fountains, A quiet, simple- minded multitude they seemed to be, -ind tbe jeers of the few Italians who were rude enough to mock at them as they passed, never disturbed tbeir true Spanish gravity. Th^re were some feaTs of disorder ; the troops were kept, under arms, and the police were all in readiness, but everything passed off decorously. Such was the audience which has been the sensa tion of Borne for the pist few days, partly on account of the great numb ar of persons who took part in it, but still more for the reason that it offered, as some of the Romans thought, a prospect of the gradual renewal of the supsrb ceremonies to which St. Peter's has been for six years a stranger. Now that the holy fathur has made the first step, said these sanguine persons, we may bopa that he will soon show himself in the Basilica as he did of old— a hope whica I venture to s*y will be disappointed. Tbe application for an audience must be made through some ecclesiastical dignitary or other person known to the papal court. In the days when tbe Pope was king it was customary for strangers to reeort to the diplomatic or consular representatives of their respective countries; in these times they generally apply to priests of their own nation or to their na'ionul college. Within a day or two after despatching the request you will receive at your hotel a note in Italian to the follow ing effect: 'Sig. A. B. is informed that His Holi ness will deign to receive him at the Audience of ? the ? inst., at 11$ a.m.' This is dated ?' Pontifical Antechamber,' and feigned l-y one of the chamberlains, and on tbe margin are some printed rules of behaviour: 'Gentlemen in uniform cr in black dr»ss coat with white cravat. Ladies in black; the head covered with a veil' You are furthermore requested to bring this note with you. and forbidden to pre sent any papers to the Pope for his signature; and at the bottom of the page is written thu name of your introducer. I m»y add that the veil pre scribed f'-r ladies is in lieu of a bonnet, and that neither laoies nor gentlemen are auowta to appear in gloves. Armed with such a document as 1 hare cited, I presented myself at the Vnticau the other day, one of about sixty persons similarly favoured. Passing around the rear of St. Peter's the carriage entered a low and very plain atch wftj, crossed two small yards paved with cobble stones, where soldiers of the Swi6S guard with their antique halberts and curious parti-coloured uniforms of the pattern of tbe middle ages were keeping th6 gates, and finally drew up at the foot of abroad staircase opening upon the handsome arc^ded court of S. Samaso. &n; officer of the Swiss guard motionod uie to ascend, and at every turn 1 found a soldier ready to point out the way. At the top of the second flight I was ushered into a large ante -room with lofty ceiling and richly decorated walls . a number of the Swiss were pacing up and down ; a row of hal berds rested at oneend of the room. Plain painted wooden lockers set against the wall answered for seats, and several priest s sat on them waiting. One of the papal palafrenieri, a stately and urbane do mestic in asplendid court suitof purple silk damask came forward, and looking at my -letter of admis sion led me into the adjoining audi«pccrcTi amber. It was a .grand apartment, the walls hung with red tapesirr,'1, the frieze covered witb frescoes, tbe heavy carved ceiling decorated iu red and blue and gold, the floor of artificial marble. At the lower end. near the door of the ante-room, stood a large ebony and ivory crucifix, with a gilded angel embracing it. At the upper end, on a platform of two steps, was a gilded arm-chair, upholstered in r«d, with a canopy high above it There was a row of chairs set against the wall on either side, and to these the people were conducted in the order of their arrival -hats, canes, parasols, and similar articles being left outside. At the head of the line sat an old gentleman in uniform. There were about 20 gentlemen in dress coats, nearly all of whom seemed to be of the better class. The other sex was almost equally divided between rich nud poor, and there were four or five members of some 8isterhood. There was an bour of awkward waiting, during which we all tried to look at ease and all filled disastrously, and the few who ventured to whisper to their companions adopted tbe solemn and semi articulate style common at country funerals. At last a door at tbe upperend of the room opened and the whole assembly rose. Two nr three of the mori9ignori, or domestic prelates, in their purple cuesocks, came firet. Then we eiw a venerable figure r.ll in white, somewhat below the medium height, stout built, but bent, leaning on tbe arm ot a prelate and using h cane. Bebina him was a ifill and courtly cardinal iu purple cassock, scarlet sash and scarlet skull-cap, and a few minar ecclesiastics and live or six officers of the Swiss guard brought up the reir. As 60on ae the Pipe was in sight we knelt, and he entered the room blueing us with the sign of ths cross. The prelates 'and soldiers grouped themselves about ihe chair, but the Pope did not sit. He walked at once to the head of i£e line on the right.and as he did so he turned to the people on the opposite' side ;and told them, with a pleasant smile and a quick gesture, to get up from their knees. All stood, therefore, except the first five or six, and as the Holy father passed along the others dropped by squads when he came new them and rose again when he had passed. One of the monsignori kept a little in advance, collecting the letters of admission and asking each of us in turn whence we came. The ceremony of introduction as performed by this functionary was certainly brief and simple : ' This, Holy Father, is an American ;' ' These are French.' Then the Pope held out his hand, and each one kissed it. Many he passed without any remnrk except a murmured 'Bless you, my son.' To others he volunteered a few cheerful words, and he had some jokes for the nuns at which they lauehed long and merrily. There were several persons whom -one or another of the prelates in attendance specially commended o the Pope's attention, and with them he held a little conversation. Anybody who chose talked to him freely unbidden, and he always stopped, listened with apparent interest, and answered kindly. A few insisted upon kissing the cross on the front of his slipper, but this U a pro ceeding to which he is well known to have strong objections, and submitted to it with evident impatience. When we had each had our turn the Pope stood in the middle of the room, facing his sixty visitor;, who once more dropped on their knees, and made them a little address in excellent French. ' I will now bless,' said he, ' the chaplets, medals, and crosses which you have brought with you, and I give my blessing also to you yourselves, praying God to keep you safe from all evils, to pre serve you from temporal misfortunes, but above all from the dangers that threaten the soul, and after your journey through the world is ended to take . you to his eternal arms.' There was a little more to the same general effect, and then, after invoking 'the blessing of God Almighty, the Father, the , Son, and the Holy Ghost,' he went away, and the ; audience was over. Audiences are by no : means confined to Catholics. People of any faith, : or of none at all, present themselves to tbe Pope j and satisfy their curiosity about him, and nobody i aeks their religious belief. It is only expected that ; all who come will conform to the ceremonial of the j occasion. Two English ladies not long ago, who . bad scruples about kneeling before a mere man, : obtained an audience and remained standing when the Pope approached them. Pius IX took bo notice ' at the time of the breach of etiquette, and treated them with his customary suavity, but in his clos ing address he siud: 'I will now give you my j blessing, and if there are any here who do not value 1A hlAfiRWior rtt an nlri mnn I invnlcn for thftm the blessing of Almighty God.' The two ladies im mediately dropped uDon their knees. At the reception of tbe Spaniards to-day, it was generally remarked that the Pope looked wonder fully well and strong. His general health is be yond doubt good, although, as he recently said of himself, ' One cannot be an octogenarian with im punity.' When I first saw .him, at the audience I have described above, I Ibund in his face and figure as he entered tbe room, marks of infirmity for which I was not prepared. He looks much older than any of bis pictures, if I except a single recent photograph, which I believe is not known in America, His lower lip droops a little, his eye had lost much of its lustre, his head hangs over, and his step ib uncertain. Hie voice, too, at first was tremulous* and broken. But in a few minutes my impressions of his con dition were greatly changed. In conversation bis whole i'tce Jijuted up, his speech was firm, his manner was vivacious, he looked no lenger a feeble old man of eighty-four, but a hale und well preserved gentlemen of seventy. When he raised his voice :o address the whole assemblage the tones were strong and musical, the articulation beautifully clear. He inade gestures freely with bath arms, and 1 noticed that his hand was as steady as if tie had nerves of iron. Alarming reports of his impendiug dissolution often reach tbe Papal Court— from America and eleewhsre— but tbe Pope's friends laugh at them. ' When I look over certain of the Italian journals without finding the news of my last illness and death,' said Piua IX, lately, 'it always seem6 to me as if they had forgotten something.' So far as anybody can see, his chances of living several years longer arc very fair. He has a sturdy constitu tion aud n surene temper, and he has always led a regular und simple life. He rises, summer and winter, at half-past 5, shaves himself, dresses with out help, and spends balf-an-hour at prayer at a lit- Ie private chapel, by way of preparation for ma«s. He never omits saying mass unless he is sick ; in that case a chaplain says it for him, and be receives communion. He bears a second mass at'tei- fimsbit:; his own, and tben attends to busi n«ss. About 9 he takes a bowl of bouillon, or a cup nf coffee ; the rest of the morning is eccupied with silences and consultations with th« cardinals, he . Im f different ecclesiastical bureaus, and other officials having affairs to transact with him, Tlie?e despatched, be takes a little exercise in thb garden. Lie dines alone, at 2 o'clock, on soup, a bit of bouilli, a single dish of meat with one vegetable and fruit He follows a universal Italian custom in mingling a little wine with the water that he drinks at dinner. It is a common white vin ordinaire which be buys from day to d^y, for he keeps no cellar. The delicacies which n re frequently tent to him all find their way to the hospitals. Dinner is followed by a siesta of fifteen minutes, after which be reads bis breviary, says the rosary, and then walks again, either in the garden or the Vatican, One of his commonest re sorts at this hour is a beautiful alley shaded by orange trees, where the pigeons come to be fed from iris hand. He takes great delight in showing himself quicker of foot than the cardinals, who sometimes bear him company, and it is a favourite joke of his to speak of Ca dinal Patrizi, who is tour years his junior, as ' that old man.' There is a story here in Some (and I have reason to believe it quite true) of the Porte and ,hree of his cardinals being discovered one lay in the Vatican gardens playing hide md seek with a little boy, the brother of one of ;be noble guards. Before the Eing came to Borne, 'ius IX used often to walk the streets in the after loon, when anybody might stop and speak to him. He returned every salutation and always took off lie hat to ladies. Of late a little carriage has been procured, iu wbfch he is driven around tbe Vatican gardens when he is too lame to walk. His phv jicians are strict in compelling him to take the air it least twice a day. At 5 he resumes work, and jives audiences of a personal or business character mtil 9. Now that he has grown old ' private audi ences' are no longer granted except for important business. Supper consists of soup, two boilec potatoes, and fruit ; and at 10 after a final visit to the chapel, the Pope retires to his chamber. His bedroom is a modest apartment, furnished with1 Spartan simplicity. The stone floer has no carpet,' the little iron bed, with httrd mattrasc, bos no cur tains, and there is no fire even in the coldest weather. He has but one other room, a little cabi net or working- office, with low ceiling uad plain papered walls, furnished with nothing tut a table, two chairs, a couch, -and a bookcase. Cardinal Antonelli has lived at the Vatican for the past six years, and, like the Pope, has never left the palace since Victor Emanuel entered Borne. Hie own resi dence, on the Via del Quiriuale, h&s; been partly demolished in the course or tbe recent street im provements. While the Pope's health is better than ever during his voluntary imprisonment, that of tbe Cardinal Secretary of State has been much impaired. None of the other cardinals have their home at the palace, but some of tbem are always there. The Pope often visits St. Peter's in secret, when the gates are closed, and spends some time in devotion before the tomb of tbe Rpostle, where Canova's colossal statue of Pius VI. kneels in per petual prayer. Once,withinthepasteixyear8,hehaB visited the church with some of his court, to inspect; certain new mosaic; ; but to-day, as I have said, is the first time since 1870 that any portion of the out side public have seen bim in his own Basilica. I have mentioned his well-known serenity ; ' Never theless,' said he, to somebody wbu compliments ?' him upon it, ' I am not mn.de of woad.' On certain political anniversaries, which are sur-DOEed to be days of sorrowful reminiscence for the dispossessed ruler of the Pontificial States, it is customary for members of the Roman nobility to visit him at the Vatican by way of kef ping up bis spirits. He was very anxious one day to hear the particulars of ft ball which his royal successor had given at the Quirinal. ' We shell have to prepare tons of holy water to purify that Quirinal when we get back,' said he ; ' we or those who come after us.' — Corres' pondent New lork Tribune. A Sweet Thing in Literature. -The Oonfectioner'a Journil The third river in Scotland if the Forth. 