ANSWERS TQ CORRESPONDENTS. ; i ; MEBCuitr,—We are sorry thatour "Political Cartoons" appear toyos. *• unhappy." We never expected that any take off,not strictly according to your ideas, would be otherwise. The proof that they are as a rule, and fchat this particular one is, in particular, considered otherwise by the public is the fact' that we have not a single copy left, and could sell as many more if we had them. Many thanks for the information,' but we guessed as much from that very awkwardly-written local j about Moore's horse having been turned adrift, which you hinted I would necessitate Parliament being prorogued. You might just as ' well say that because a man is troubled with a boil, and cannot* therefore, take his seat, that the business of the country must stand still too. We're surprised at you to allow such hum bug into your coulumns. Should your foreboding of a further prorogation of Parliament on account of Moore's horse being thrown adrift, prove to he what it is looked on as, viz., a preparation for such an event, then we think we may take credit, even with you, for being happy in our po IjL tical cartoons after all. and especially with the subject of your dis - approval, "The Ministerial Toy." Theodobe.—Take no notice of them. Their sting should only be as that of the mosquito, to so great a monarch as yourself. That to Us, you are undoubtedly the only other royal personage in Tagmania, and you must not forget you owe us fealty. Never minfi what "Elector" wrote about you. We know it was rather warm, but then, O Theodore, you will admit that two wrongs wont make one right, neither will two blacks make one white. Its no good throwing; mud or calling hard names. As you are strong, so be merciful. C. M th. No, we don't think it probable that you will ever be Treasurer again. Little David might some day fill the office, if he be a good boy. Your best plan is to go up-stairs. You might get a billet as Secretary, when M—re is tired of office (that will be a long time)—and not before. SuiHEMA-N Pasha.. —Your telegram is to hand. Permit us to congratulate you on your victories over the sons of Holy Russia. Are very happy to hear that you are a Tasmaniau. Any relation to E. W S.— formerly of the Tribune ? Mrs. Bouncer.—Yes, it was rather strong, and hit our contribution® hard. They will not get wives, we are afraid, since you wrote so strongly against the possession of brains. You'll hit harder next time, will you? Take care. Tommx Dodd—We candidly admit you are a little " fast," but that's nothing in one of your age. When we were young, we were wild,, but we never destroyed flower gardens, or wrenched knockers, and bell-pulls down. Pedigree.—On referring to Burke's "Landed Gentry," we have been unable to trace the pedigree or ancesty of the Browns of Tasmania of whom there are said to be more than one, now alive iu the colony The head of the Browns, it is said, resides in the district of Cumberland, and it is a matter of tradition among the ablest inhabitants of that locality, that the Browns of Cumberland can have their pedigree so far back as the conquest of the Aborigines, during the Black War, commenced and ended in the reign of King Arthur. The landed possession of this ancient and aristocratic branch of the Browns, or the Bruens, or the Bears, as they were called at different period® of their history, are siill to be traced in some of the church-yards of the colony— and their ghost? can be easily ascertained by any ous curious in such antiquarian researches. Their coat of arms is a non-descrip animal, with the head of an ass, the stem of a bull, and the legs and feet of a sheep. Motto—Budo—Bailo - Mugio—I bray— I bleet—I bellow. New Nobfolk.—We can hardly credit the statement. The poor lunatics must be hopelessly bereft of all power of discrimination, if they alio >ved themselves, even after his hour's talking to " by the Colonial "Secretary, to be deluded into believing t: his version of the fable about the Cascades job, or the Henry Mill site. He would not venture to pass for genuine, such a tale, upon any one outside of the New Norfolk institution. We expect to hear he has been the means of rendering his poor victims incurable. 