J 0 A H.V : A HEW NOVEL ' '? '? RHOBA BE.0UGHT0N. -AOTUORUS'OF *' COUZTH TJB AS A FlOWEB,' .-? ' liED AS A ROSJ^' &C.; , PART II. Chapter VHI.— (Co^TnrnED). j ' Thank Heaven, we have reached the promised land at last!' cries Lalage, sweeping into Deriog Castle with a large eigh. of reliei find weariness ; ' certainly we have not had much manna or many quails by the way i way! I could dispense with the manna, but oh, Mr. Smith ! we look to you for the qaails ! do you think— oh, do voa think ther are likely to be nearly roasted ?' -. But not even this broad hint as to the state of hcrappetito can induce Mr. Smith to depart from the programme laid down in his own mind — to see the improvements drat, and then to luncheon. Not all Mrs. Wolferatau's heavy sighs and broad innuendoes can persuade him to alter this order of succession. Ix there can bo any gladness in such a case Joan isglaJ. Since it must be, by all means let it be at once, so that by and by it may be over. Tho children, feeling that the band3 of discipline are entirely relaxed, and that a general and agreeable conditionof licence and anarchy has set in, are already half over the house. Miles away one hears them ; opening unintended doors, riding down banisters, teasing long suffering foot men, chivying wrathy cats. It has begun. Joan is now well into the purgatorial flames. The first door, sticky with new paint, ia throws open. ' This waa the lato owner's private room, I am told ! — am I not right? I thought I could not do better than follow hia example ; so now it is miue I' And so on through the rooms. Joan is not even able to indulge in the poor luxury of silence. It is to her judgment that all the appeals an her taste, that all the calls are made ; into her ears that all the stream of complacent volubility is poured. By and by a sort of stupefaction comes to her aid ; a dim feeling that thia is all a phantasmagoria. Thia is not her old home, thia melancholy mummer masquerading thus gaudily in its Brummagem new clothes ; her old home in the richness of its sober coloring, with its ancient stately fittings, so suited to its age aud character that they seem to have grown part of it, not to be severed without mutilation — with its hangings faded a little by the action of the many summer suns that have filtered throngh tho pleasant casement windows upon them, but mellow and harmonious as the vane with the instrument. The feeling strengthens as she walks bewildered through the rooms in their new possessor's wake ; her feet treading on fire- new carpets, the bright* ness of whose sprawlinj-ilowcrs and scrolls gets up and boxes the cars; seeing herself centupled in hundreds of Titan mirrors ; her eyes aching with tho monotonous miles of white paint and tons of gilding thateverwhero meet them. Now and than indeed, the sight of an old friend— a picture— a Grinliug Gibbons' chimney-piece— a gern by Cellini— too palpably valuable to bo relegated to the luiubor-rooui, even by tho most commercial tasto, tho grossest inlelligenoa— mako her start and shiver aa ono that meets a white-sheeted ghost, but for tho most part a kind of numbness comes to her aid. Thia is a house, and that was a house, but there seem to bo no thieads in her memory to tie iho two ideas toother. Ik is nearly over now. Thoy havo le turned to tho roouia whence'.they first started. Mr. Smith has baen call*.! away to give somo order ; Jo;\n has sunk down on a chair by the tablo — both new, of course, and with gilt legs— aud is leaning her burning forehead on her hau^h, her whole being seems to be ono dull ache and br.i Ue. Sho has only quo idea that has any sharnuess or distinct ness iu it, and that is llut sho must not cry. ' Do not tlnuk mo uufeelimj,' says L&kg;\\\ who his subsided iuto a lounge, her laugh ex tinguished, and her features solomnisdd by hun ger aud bowdout, ' but seU«pmetva.tioa U tho first iusliuct of our nature, and it is teally that, aud nothing «Hc, that prompts mo, but' —(lowering her voice)—' do* you happen to know whether tlia little monster bought your grandfather's celUr as well as every thing else ! I£ he did no;'— (with a heavy sigh and a shrug)— ' 1 think ho ia quite capable of poisoning us with bad clmupagno and acid sherry at luncheon, and bo I tell you fairly.' But at Uuohcou J&ui;'s soul is draining so bitter & cup that it is of small mouont to hor what aUmy ot diiuk or vrbat manner of food passes her bodily lips. They lunch in the small dining-room iu which aho and her grandfather usod always to Jiuo vrhou taay were alone, or had g&thurod; only % fow iuuules around them. It is travestied .indeed, and li&rlcqmnisoJ;, like tho rest of tho house; but, alas! tho billows of chaust) that havo svront over it havo not done their work thoroughly enough. One or two old Iauvlutavks atill sadly emorgo, as thoy say that the church steeples of a drowned city show sometimes on quiet summer evenings abovo tho whelming waves. Tho old famvliar-slupod lcathor h.w, in deed, vanished from tho walls. Tho portrait of Mr, Smith's mother in cameo, Holy Rtnnly, and * rul-IUhe«l hy uiccial «nMn&t;)n«nt, All rights ts» icrvul, .?;?.... ; satin gun— a sort of Bowdlerised Mrs. Moberley — now hangs as a grotesque and mismatcbipg pendant to that of ber grandfather ; but jet kis picture is still here, so is his great-armed aad high-backed chair, which seems erea yet to keep bis faint aad ghostly spirit shape in its embrace.' Her oira chair, too. Mr. Smith has with timid insistence- begged her to reeuma it, obsacricg that ' it will be like old iimss to her,' aad sbe has obeyed with a limp compliance. Paring tho whcle time that the entertainment laste, it appears to ber vsrj lengthy, and indeed Lalage's apj/eliteis aat.a thing to bs appeased in a hurry ; she sits feeling aa if ths whole ihing vexe a caricature— a dreadful burlesqao of her eacredpast. She is onse again atthebsadof thia fymiiixr boai'i ; onca again there 13 around her. a sound of gay talk aad babbling laughter : once again hei lifted ejes meet iixs smile and look of a cis-a-nii. Bat what smila I What lock ? What vU-a-rit f It seems as if her anguished gaze could aoi help e?er raising itself from thd htxl&dutij; reigning king, lost -and swallowed np in the embrace of his great chair, to &9 lofty statured bdo7ed dead kkig oa the wall aWrs him. Perhajs it is as Trell for her — though at ttft time it seems a* if it -rcre tLe last drop in an already ffrer-brimasd cap— that tha children seem, resolved to roatribaie tisir Bills miia 4o» wards making her day's pleasuring at Dering-an inefliceabifl one rroa her msiaory ; that Faas« line appears determined ia follow the example of many of the great a&d; goad of all ages, *nd leave thia life by tbe door of a sun⁢ ; and that Rupert, casting to the winds all sense of tbs£t* ness of tbiEgs, is devotiag M3 youag energies to the ta»lf cf moiing the strange footmen from their wonted gravity, by many oceali pras*' tical jokes, lach as be has often tested tbe em* cacy ci opvuvauita -uiu 11 imam a* iiuiuc. xiu* even with the end of luncheon do Joan's trials touch their end. Fresh logs are indeed to bo thrown on tbe purgatorial fom--«t It is only the scene of her endurance that is to be a little changed. Tt Lit has bees already done inside tbe bouse has now to fce dens outside. It ia new tbe tanxior the gar^o^f and tbdrim* piovenients ; ncr will their owner take aay denial.* Ha is obliged indeed, -silly nilly, to take a deoia| in the case of Mrs. Wolfersian, who declines to be of the par'- 7, -with a robust and emphstis certainty as to ber cirn inclinations vMca pis^ dudes pressing. ^ ' You shall tell me all about it when jpn e&&6 back,' she iaj3 with an ironical laugh, as sooa as the host's back is turned ; ' as fox me, I am already improved eff my legs; nature craves re« pose ' — you do cot want me to chaperons yoa, do you 2' (taming to Joan), ' no 2—1 thought not-* I assure jca that Tony is quite as tmae&i; and has a very good idea of effacing himself . judiciously at the right mement, nard not jca Tony ?' Chapzss IX. The heavy windte3 afternoon is ipearing itseS away ; surely, sorely the end most be dxawisg nigh. It seems to Joan as if she bad been walk« ing for many hears, walking along with the same sense of unending ache — of braised bewilderment — of recognition &nl; nan-recognition, as had marked ber progress through the house. Ia ber memory indeed so weak that she feels as if sis scarce knew which my to torn in these familiar,' nnrVryr^r grounds, about which she could bars confidently made her way, though blindfold, three years ago ? Ox is it that the old landmarks hare been so wholly and carefully removed and. 6b». litirated that she hasa sort of blank half ffriing of never hiving been here before ? Haltingly,' and with wandering puzzled eyes, and short bard breaths, sb« has ask&l;, one after one, for her old friends. Tbe great doable box hedges, old, past the memory of man, and which so stoutly kepi off the winter winds from the quiet path that led between them, that in tbe keenest January blast one might pafe ihere in ease and warmth. They are gone — stubbed up— as being a harbor fox slugs. The few peacocks, too, and the flame-shaped cypresses that spired darkly heavenwards along tbo terrace walk. Yes, they too. It is tbe same throughout. Where the old bowling-greea once spread its shaven smoothness a nre-nev range of bald and glaring vineries rise ; where the stiff parterres spread their sober variety of sweetness, and the lime-alleys ran, there is now one universal blaziag sameness of scentless bsd* ding plants iu scrolled and tvirly bods ; of fat*' tkshed foliage, abominations intersected here and there by paths of gaudy-colored gravels. 'Where the velvet lawns stretched their centuries cf finest turf, great plantations of pert now shrabs; each with a label bigger than itself, now raise their half foot of scanty verdure above the ground as they might round a sew built suburban cilia.' And through them all Joan has talked as one in a dream, stupidly smiling now and then; assent* ing, commending ; Mr. Smith on her right baud,' Anthony en her left, and the children everj. where „ ^ But surely she is awake now. Surely . this weatherworn, lichen-pattaroed wall— this old wrought-iron gate are familiar, most familiar to hor tired eyes. In a moment they have passed through the gate, and are standing; in a still and ancient garden, that reminds one of nothing so much as of Mrs. Browning's 'Lost Bower.* Walls, partly of natural rock, all ?T«rgrowB,- overdraped with ivy and loveliest creepers, snap* dragons growing on the top* and lightest grasses bowing in the wind. But no wind gets inside to the f»voved dowers a&d; cabbages, to tbe riotous plenty of tbe faint monthly roses and tbe kingly blue kukspurs, and sUiped'Coated -jarna« tions, A sense of saintliness, sunshine, holy old-fashioned innocent leisure over the wbolfi place. ' This at least is unchanged !' says Joan, in ft slow soft voice, and drawing * long sighing breath 5 '' thia is as we left iU' ., . .....- ' For tbe present,' cried Mr. Smith, briskly? ' quite tor the present. You know that, as they say, Home was not built in A day. We are coming to it by and by— by ami by,' ,'?-,.. ' What ! is not eten this to be spared ^ cri« the girl brokenly, turning hex tragic eyes wpfully round, on the lov«ly mellow walls, on the scented gloty et the eld tfojM nowtiB— aurvivwB flQJB an elder day. .;, : , ? 'Do yoa wish it t» remain unchanged?' aak» Mr. .Smith, with surprised empressemeni. '1 had no idea — of coarse, if you express the slightest desire — but' (in a rather mortified tone) *'I had 'imagined that the Improvements had met with your approbation. You— you— gave ma that impression.' ' ' Do not you think,' she answers, turning towards him with a smile, gentle and civil, if steeped in melancholy, 'that this one shabby corner will make a good foil for the rest of the new magnificence? But, after all'— (slightly -shaking her head)—' it is your taste that is to be consulted— not mine !— After to-day' (shiTer ' ing a little) 'I shall probably never see the place again.' She has sat down on a broken old stone bench, : between whose rifts and clefts little Btray Beedling flowers and baby trees are merrily growing. Her hands fall idly on her lap ; and upw&fted; on the wings of the cabbage-rose scents, her spirit sails away into the past, of which this old garden plot is verily and indeed a piece. She is brought back to the present by the voice of Mr. Smith, ' She looks round. . Anthony and the children hare disappeared. A momentary bitterness nipa her heart. Is this bia idea of effacing himselr judiciously at the right moment? Has he, too, become a party to this dismal jest ? She glances apprehensively at ' her companion. He has seated himself on the bench beside her — his own bench, after all. His little freckled face is for the moment as white as bis eyelashes ; and there is a purpose — hesitant ' indeed, and uncertain, but still that frightens her, in his usually purposeless eyes. ' It seems a pity,' he is saying tremulously, snatching a thief-like glance at her every now And then, to see how she is taking his remarks— *' you— you— were always so much attached ,to the Castle, I understand ! It — it — it— seems a pity that you— you— ahould not resume your residence here.' As he comes to this last cause he turns his back completely upon her, and so site in an agony of nervousness, gnawing the top of bos stick.' ~_ .' And turn you oot !' she answers, with a fine cold smile, and a little rallying air that would have baffled a bolder mover than this ,* *fthat would be too ungrateful, after your having so hospitably entertained me ; would not it?' \- There is a hot uncomfortable silence. Joan's eyes are roving uneasily round, trying to discover to what point of the compass Anthony and his tormentors have disappeared — waiting only to be sure, in. order to make a desperate ; roish in that 'direction. Before, however, she has ascertained this, her companion speaks again, 'ft— it— is very large,' he sayi in a low and quivering voice, still turning to her only the back of his head; 'if you remember, I have always said that it was too large for one person ! — perhaps it— it — it — might not be too large for twf' 'Do you think not?** she says hastily, and' ? Txsing. ' Ah !'-^-{wilh a sigh of relief) ' there is Colonel Wolferstan ! he is so good-natured but we must not allow the children quite to monopo Use him, must we?' ....;' So saying, she begins to walk hurriedly along the garden path, in the direction where she sees 'Colonel Wolferstan at length emerging from ? 'among some distant bushes of late red currants, ?which the children with the unerring instinct of their kind for food— unerring, even after such a luncheon as Faustine'*— have sniffed out. It is the first time since their coming together again onder one roof that ehe has ever gone willingly to meet him. By the time she reaches him vexation has steeped her face in as lovely a dye as if all the carnations in the garden had given each other. rendezvous in her cheeeks. She lifts her eyes/ full of annoyance and reproach, to hia. 'Where have you been?'' ehe cries irritably. *' Why di3 you go away ?— it is not fair to break np&partj; !' Anthony is silent^ but the look that answers hers makes her at once turn away her upbraiding glance, aa she feels with a miserable uneasy ex-' r;citement that after all it is only out of the frying-' ? pin into the' fire; out of a very imall frying-pan '? i-ito a very large fire ; and that there is no rest farther anywhere. She begins to talk again, quickly and a little at random. 'Wby should not we go back through the wilderness T ahe asks; 'there need to be a wilderness beyond this garden ; it is there still ; I see the tree-tops waving. We used to get to it through that door,' (pointing to a small arched one in the wall). ' Ah !' (going up to it) ' it La locked.' ' If you like— if you wish,' says Mr. Smith, in a crest-fallen voice ; having, in the meanwhile, come up with them ; ' I will go and inqnire for the key ; no doubt some of the gardeners have one.' No one tries to dissuade him, and he nets off at once on this self-imposed errand. No aooner ia he out of sight than, ' Why, here ia the key !' cries Paustine, who has been occupying herself in Applying an inquiring eye to the key-hole ; in 'pulling out loose bricks, dislodging old-eatablished ':- wood-lice;' and tweaking little cranes' bills by ? ' their iqrignSses ; and now, in her prying*, has '' suddenly, discovered the miasing article, enugly ; ' lying' crusted with iron mould, in a convenient 1 ' cranny.- ' -??? 'I'will run and call Mr. Smith back,'.Hayi itupert officiously, beginning to suit the action to the'word. ?;' i 'You will do nothing of the kind!' cries Wolferstan sharply ; making a dotaining clutch hi the child's shoulders ; then, becoming aware, \- by Rupert's face, of the angry peremptorineaa of ' his own tone, he adds in a gentler key, 'I mean, my boy, that it is not worth while ; he will soon find out hi* mistake and overtake us.' So. saying, he fits the rasty key into the lock ; it turns unwillingly, with a grinding sound ; the disused binges give way sulkily, and they all step out together into the green tangle beyoud. Once there has evidently been a path through it— a path where two might walk abreast ; bat nature, : -who, leave her to herself but a very littfe while, . quietly takes back man's thefts, repairs the rente he ba» made in her cloak, has been taking back ' —mending here too. As they pass along, the pusses coolly trammel their feet. The brambles told out to them the tart plenty of their crude Harriet ; Md the deflowered briar rose c*tcho« a- them with long fingors crying 'Stay !' Around them the honeysuckleambitiously climbs ttio trees ; blowing its l&te; trump* eta,, safe and high aloft ; and the briony ties hazel to. haw in loving green bonds. Above them the trees have laid together the friendly variety of their leaves ; the sycamoro its broad platter, and the horse-chestnut' its fan in league to keep out the sun. But at present, there ia no sun to keep out. Surely he was hero — but now!. How long' is it since the clouds, sweeping up from their unseen chambers, have dean abolished hia smile ? On the woodland path there is now no play of gamesome lights ; no frolic of little shadows. Instead, everywhere, one same verdurous gloom. A tempered light, as when day dies ; a silence as of poppied sleep. Of all God's strong winds there is not one awake. ' No lightest gust either sighs or laughs, either rings the blue-bell's silent chime or puifs away the little hawkweed clocks. The birds too are dumb. By August, their talk is mostly out- talked ; their madrigals out-sung ; but to-day, not even a garrulous finch twitters, or sparrow cheeps. A' hot and drowsy stillness weighs, lead-heavy, upon all. Hardly less still than the winds — hardly less silent than the song along together side by side. Joan has taken off her hat, and loosened her little kerchief from about her milk-white throat. Whether it be from the thunderous weight of tho air or the oppression of the long day's ? ignoble suffering, she feels as if an iron band were tightly clasped around her brow. All day her spirit has been stretched upon the rack;, broken on tho wheeL All day she has been, with stiff tight smiles and combated tears, helping at the desecration of her own altars. All day long she has been clapping hands and applauding at her own execution. Now, at least, she may be silent. She need no longer commend the ingenuity of the thumbscrew that dislocates her fingers, or of the boot that crushes her foot : now she may rest. This rest indeed— fevered, hard-pulsed, thunder ing-hearted — is as much like real rest as the repose that narcotics give a sickly man is like the royal slumber that God gives a healthy chili. Bat after all, an opiate sleep is better than none. Why should they talk ? They, to whom all speech worthy of the name is forbidden. If, indeed, their intercourse were likely to be prolonged and stretch over any considerable space of future time, it would be fit to practise themselves in the necessary falsity cf civil life talk and empty phrase. But is it not the last day— the last day of all ?— is not this the very last walk, during which they are ever likely to pace together the green kirtled summer land ? ; they who once thought they should walk— tender.hand in tender hand— to the distant nndreaded grave. It ia through no fault of their own that they are now in each other's company. ' Joan's'conscience is at ease on that score. It is fate and chance that have thus brought them helpless and unconsenting into transient contact. Nor is' there anything of genant or embarrassing in this tete-a-tete, which is broken every two or three minutes by one or other of the children, returning from snatching excursions into the brake ; Faustine to exhibit a bramble scratch ; Rupert to brag of the pheasants he has started ; both to ask loudly for arbitration 'on some wrangled point. Joan doea not know how long they have thus together dumbly trod the wood's lush intri cacies—how long this quiet trance— not itself exactly of pain, but with paia for background, pain for foreground, pain for horizon— has lasted, when it is broken in upon by a sudden kingly noise, not made or makable by man, or any of his engines; the sound of a loud and angry thunder-clap. It' has been growling and sulkily muttering in the distance all afternoon, but nobody has heeded it. The 'children come run ning back in scared haste pushing through cornel and briar. ? ?? *' - 'Oh,' Miss Dering,' erica Faustine, her small bold face already paled' with fear ; 'did you hear the thunder? I am w frightened !— let us go home !*?_???? ? -? . \- 'Mitchell says that there was a man struck by lightning the other day,' says Rupert en-, couragingly'; ' he was as black as a ooal all down one side ('?''?'' 'We had better get out of this as quickly as we can,' Bays Anthony, rousing himsolf, and looking around at the' close- growing tree trunks —the interlaced branches— the thick leaf roof; ' we could not well be in a woreo place !' ' We must be nearly through the wood,' saya Joan, waking up again to present realities ; ' five minutes will bring us into one of the park drive*.' ' They all begin to walk qnickly in the direction indicated ; the children, indeed, take to their heel* and} run. No one speak* ; nor u there in all the wood one lightest sound. It seems as if every bird and beast and insect were listening with held breath for the sky'* next loud speech. Jjan's memory has muled her as to distance. It is twenty minatea instead of fire, before they emerge into the open. Jtint as they do go, there comes a mighty rolling crash overhead, as if God . were driving bis chariot along the clouds, and before* you can count one a lovely sudden arrow of . deatbftil light has leapt into their eyes. ' It is come and gone, and they are in tbo dark again. For by this time it has grown very dark —darker than at the middeit of ^many a clear* faced summer night. The clou/ls-'but now piled; on the horizon— quiot, son- kUaed Alps— bare, rushed .into one pitchy mass— a canopy of iuk ; out of which, momently, the lighting springs in blinding glory. Faustine has covered her face with both hands, and »o stumbles on ; Rupert, with his brag and his high courogo extinct, i beginning to blabber, and to cldtcb at the oat* held hands of Joan and Anthony, as they hastily, drag him along. . 'Thank God we are oat of the wood !' says, Joan, cheerfully; 'hold up Rupert!— we shall u:-on be home now ! But though she speaks confidently, her heart sinks a little as she sees how much farther off than she had imagined rise the aheUpring towers of Darin?, a good half-mile away al the least,. They have reached the park drive, and are posting b.eatblessly along it, through the alternate drcaJ , noise and dreader silence, when, in one of those ? latter interval/) of ominous quiet, they* become aware of the sound of rolling nb96l*'a&(T,lroUipg hoof* coming aj- behind them. They turn to ICp an ompty coal-cart advancing at its heavy horsoV best speed ou thoir tracks, As it draws near, Anthony stops into' the tniddlo of tho road and hails it. ' Aro you going to tho Castlo ?— bocauBo, if bo, will you givo theso children a lift ?' No Boonor said thin dono. On ordinary occasions Faustino would havo lookod upon it as very much bolow tho dignity of Miss Smith Delonuno to be wedgod between two grimy mon on the lilt of a coal-cart, behind a shnggy- heoled cart horso ; but fear has taken all tho glory out of her, as it has taken all tho brag out of her brother. Sho would bo thankful for evon tho apothecary and dung-cart prophesiod her. ' That was a good move,' says Joan, with a sigh of relief and oudod responsibility ; ' they will bo in before tho rain comes !' As she speaks— in tho twinklo of an eye — the whole world is lit up by one sudden green glare, intolerably lovely, against which the Castle's four towers are cut out clean and fine as carnecm ; and, at the same instant, a giant raindrop splashes on the girl's cheek. Its successors are not slow in following it. Down they como, straight and numberless, with such a spiteful force and fierce ness as if they were being shot from skyey guns ; and mixed with them bullets of hail that bruise and bite. They have taken to the grass again, so as to make a short cut to the house. Joan has given her sole protection against the weather — her flimsy sunshade— to Faustino. The mighty rain patters and smites on an absolutely undefended he§d. 6 This is bad for you,' says Anthony, as with stooped head and blinking eyes he butts against the storm ; the hail-stones pelting his eyelids, and driving into his mouth, the moment that he opens it. ' Do you think so ?' she says cheerily, though blinking too, and gasping a little ; ' I do not mind it ! — it is — it is much better than the im provements !' (with a breathless laugh). They are nearing a knoll, clad with low scrub, and out of which, here and there, a morsel of bare rock shows itself disconnected and unex plained, among the general green flat of grass and bracken. 'There used to be a sort of cave heie,' saya Joan indistinctly, with her mouth full of hail-stones, and her eyes screwed up to peer across the opaqueness of the tempest ; ' had not we better shelter there a while ?'' As she speaks, she redoubles her speed ; and outrunning him, is lost for a moment from sight round a small projecting boulder that has advanced its gray foot among the fern. In a moment he has overtaken her. Close above their heads there is a dread hurly-burly as of thousands of great rocka being angrily trundled down a giant hill-side. An opportune splendor of flame shows them the friendly mouth of a natural hole in tbe mimic hillside ; and. pushing aside the wet and steaming creepers that pvordrape it, they enter, and find themselves at peace. lit; ttic lUlUJliiCUj oajn uuc ^iiaa^i/m Herald, by a passenger by the City of New .York that, previous to that vessel leaving San. Francisco, a telegram was received by the Russian Consul at San Francisco from the, consul of that nation at Philadelphia, directing him to proceed to Honolulu and endeavor to make arrangements with the king of that island so that the Russian squadron in the Pacific might count upon obtaining supplies and other accommoda tions in the event of war. As an instance of how the press in the other colonies is imposed upon and misled with regard to political events in Victoria, the Aucklxnd Evening Star of 23rd May con» taina the following telegram from Mel bourne : — 'Tbe Argus eaya tho House represents only the ignorance and passion nf i-U a nAiinf Hit XA*- Un **??«? *vt n «r itAftni Vvl *r be defeated, and appeal to the country. We have already shown that as regards social and intellectual status tho present compared favorably with tho past Parlia ment, and certainly tho policy of the Govern ment as announced by Mr. Berry is no reflex of ' the ignorance and passion of the country ; ' if ever theae existed in such force aa to influence tho recent elections. The Sydney Morning Herald of tho 1st inat. says : — 'On Saturday laat Sir William Jervoia and Colonel Scratchley made another inspection of tho batteries on tho northern side of the harbor, or what arc better known, as Middle Head and George's Head, and at tbe latter place they hod the guns in tho casement battery fired. They aro now en gaged in drafting a preliminary report for presentation to tho Government, and will [cave for Melbourne in tho course of a fow days. They aro expected to furuiah within a few days a preliminary report indicating to some extent what their final recommendations will bo, bo that the Government may tuko Btepn, without delay, to provide more efficient meanu of defence, but tho final and comprcbenijivc report will bo deferred until all the colonieH have been vimtcd, and thoir oipabilitiCB for defence inquired into.' In tho London 'limes of 11th April appears a letter from Mr. Henry Taylor, who re cently visited these colonieH aa a aclogato of the National Agricultural Laborers' Union. In it ho says: — 'Tho most remarkable thing to my mind is that the working classes of these colonies persist in taxing themselvon in all they consume, in taxing tho whole of their income*, and yot permit tho land, pro* perty and incomes of tho rout to go fveo. They tax thomuclveii to borrow money for tbe construction of railwayo, rondo, iettioH, harbors, and all hindu of thingo which often double and treble tho value of tho proporty contiguous to thr.no worke, au well as to itn prove tbo country generally : city proporty is continually rising in value in coriBorjuonoo, and yot tho whole of this unearned Increment 18 fiuiew/ {juuuvwu \iy miv iuri-uu»vu pro perty owner without tho return of one fartning of taxation ; and thus, whilo tho whole of the^work men's income is taxed in the puroliaso of necessities for their mainte nance, tbe merchant or Bfiuattor, who i« realising bio £20,000 or £50,000 ayear, pays -taxes only on tho £500 or loss which it costs him to provide for his household, I again repeat that it i« the incldonoo of taxation : woioh is not understood, or «uoh a condition of thing* would not long ho tolerated,' 