THE EXTRAORDINARY CHA RGE OF . CONSPIRACY. Charles Emmanuel John do CHiasc plaino and Nathan Wotherall surrendered to talco their trial upon a oharee of conBpirmg t. jgether to defraud William Lo Hunt Doyle- of a large sum of money by fraud and false ipretei iocs. The prosecutor was stated to bo an' Irish gentleman Eossoasing property in Tipperary, an. i although o had sijuandorcd away a co. osidorablo portion of hia property, ho was-still p. jsseesed of between £2,000 and £3,000 -a ye nr. The learnod counsel for theproaeoutiondesc ribedhim as gentleman who, during his life, ha -1 always ^nn*i mnrn rlrnnTr t.l»nn finlwar nnfl itv'ho llfld hftd several attacks of delirium tremens, am 1 was no doubt deaporatoly addicted to drink. In tho course of luBt year the prosecutor bOcamo acquainted with tho defendanta and Sir Edward Cunynghame, an uncertificated bankrupt, who waa included in the indictment, hut w'ho had died Bince tho prosecution was instit-atc. d, at an hotol in Covent-gardon, and tho fraud i mputcd to tho defendants was that they had co. napired togother to induco tho prosecutor, whole ho was drink, to en^or into, a partnership with thom in aomo:wino business, and .-tbtaii ^ed a largo Bum of money from him. The-prosi wu^tor cruBed a good deal oflauglitorbyhisidoBori ption of whatoccurredbotweonlum a'ndthedcfend, anta. . He'said thoy were in the habit of coining '? into hia , bedroom in tho. morning while - he ? was staying at. Clunn's hotel, and on pno ot '.ca Eioneightbottleaof champagne, 18 large .glafsca J.jof brandy, 31 small glasses, eight loTgc .ciga rs, tand : 16 bottles of lemonade were conoumed. 'In the course of;, his cross-examination, ,th;o 'prosecutor aaid he «raB in tho habit of 'having having half a bottlo ^of Brandy pliu'ed'in ihs bedroom whon ho went to bed, and ho oiways .emptied it, and ho said a gwd many peoplo. were in.tltqihabili of, visiting tan, and ho was always vofy hqapitablp.; , He &lso; admitted that'hohad ,to)d-tho waitbrs at tlie '.hotel that they, might havo.what they pleased to drink, The seryant of, tho prosecutor, irna '.colled., to speak :to 'his [ condition at the timo 'tlio rillogod deed .of partnership was ontored;into, and ho said that fttjtho timo tno ordor waa .given to bring pons ' and irik and papor so that. tho pi-oseoutor might, sign his name, ho refused to let hia mastor. have any writing*matoriiils,.as ho considered ho. was too .drunk to sign nsy Jocuinonte of; importance. Tho servants at the hotol wero ' also examinod for tho purpose of proving ill® i enormous. quantity of liquor that wiis' supplied ; lo the prosecutor and. the defendants. Tho defence set up for tho defendants was that the transaction was a bond-fide ono on the part of . tho dofendantfl, and that- although tho prose- | cutor was no .doubt addictcd to intomporato habits he know perfectly well TVhnt ho, -was about when he .oxocuted th'o deed, Tho jury found both prisoners: ' Griilty,' 'bat recom mended Wetberidl to morcy. Ho was-oontonc^d to throo months' llifu-l labour,, and De Chaste Iniuu td 12 months. Roman View .of Enciliaii Rttuambw. — The Voce Sella Verita, tho Papal organ, saya: — 'The bittor struggle in England .of tlio AnglieanB against tho ClMicals still gods on, but tlio real ground is rfdw understood. ? Not a few- am'onjr th'o Ritualists havo entered the Catholic Chnroh. Already tho convorsion is annoitn'oed of fdtir olorgymen, , . who havo courageously abandoned tlio rich incomes of their 'parishea to- enter, tho bosom - of: tlio Church. Thus tho Pusoyites nnd Ritualists form tho'neophytes 1 of Catholicism in England. It ia natural logic and . good tsenao which, by' tho holp -'of 'the Divine grace, .jjbduMe wonderful converaione.' , ,,, . ; j 'rv/ ?' 'Tr'1 ' -ii. ! ' ? -?-* ? v ' . fr-.f 1 1 i'i ' i.:- ,ui: ' ' - i ;','i kii - 