THE M)YSTERIES 0F CRIME; . OB, .. J The Expebieitges oe ah EDmBtTBOH JDeteotiye.—No. XXVII. [Published by. epeciali arrangemedt with the Author.] M'SWEENY AMONG S1VKTG^EE|1$. It is said that fortune favors..the bi-ave. I would alter the proverb in M'Sweeny'sv case, and say fortune favours the fearful and blundering. One thing I used to notice about my chum with a species ,of enTy— hbweyer terrified, luckless, or idiotical he appeared in his actions, .he generally came Out" quite as successful in the end ajthe. rest of us. For me t6 make a slip was to lose the case—for M'Sweeny to. blunder was often to open up the whole mystery, and lay it compactly in our hands—a bit of chance-work which occurred so often that he had got to attribute the whole to his own superior intelligence. For instance, the heavy billet of wood which he used with such unerring swiftness upon the " Ghost of the King" he was never tired of crowing about; and I had to admit that it was "singular" that he, the only one of the three who believed in ghosts, and feared their power, should be the only one at the critical moment able to use his hands. When I had ceded that much, he.generally chose to interpret it to mean that he was the greatest and cleverest detective in the world, and went about for a day or two after with his head several inches higher in the air. I had an opinion of my own on the subject, but I kept it to myself. One dull and blustering morning in March, a sharp, ferret-eyed gentleman, with a quick, business-like tread, that spoke of long rounds of the country taken on foot, appeared at the Office, and had a short in terview with the Superintendent, who very promptly handed him and his business over to me, after introducing him as Mr. George Eadie, supervisor for a long district on the east coast, and resident at a little place which I shall call Mossburn Mains. "I wish your assistance in a very strange and mysterious case of smuggling or illicit distilling—I can hardly decide which—that has pestered me for months upon months down at my quarter, and which seems as hopeless a task as ever to unravel," he began, as soon as I had accommodated him with a seat. " We have all tried our hands at it—laid our heads together—ferreted and hunted—and yet seem as far from the end as when we began." " I fear that is a little out of my way," I replied with some hesitation. " Not a bit of it," was the quick, cheerful reply. " I.don't want you to do the hunt ing—I only require a good ferret—the simpler-looking the better—to work out the clues that I have got at with months of hard work." "Very good. Just give me the"facts, and' I will soon decide if it is in my power to assist you." " Well, the facts are"not so conclusive as I would wish," he frankly continued. "If they had been. I think I should not have troubled you with the case. But meagre as they are, they 3eem to point to the guilty ones; only, having got thus far, ti hopeless mvstery seems to envelop the whole affair, wliich baffles the keenest scrutiny. The firet indication of a screw being loose some where was a curious fact, which, I believe, I myself was the first to notice—namely, that among the many drouthy customers along the coast where my dis^pct lies there appeared to .be a means of getting drink which nobody could account for. It was always brandy, too. Now, when our fisher men vary from their coffee they mostly drink good Scotch whisky; and, as I have seen and tasted this suspected brandy, and found it to be a coarse continental spirit, unre- j dueed, and strong as liquid fire, I could : only conclude that their reason f orpreferring it was that, on the whole, they found it cheaper. But whence did it come P That was the mystery. It did not come through any authorized dealers' hands—that I knew from the bitterness'with which the latter Bpoke of the circumstance, while confirming my suspicions. It was hurting their trade, and they were as furious and sore upon the ! point as it was possible for me to feel. Now, j I need hardly tell you, Mr. McGovan, that ) the days of running"whole cargoes of contra band goods and hiding them ashore is long since past and gone. Such a thing is literally impossible—at least in my district. This being the case, we were forced to be lieve that some other means of carrying on i the traffic had been adopted; and to get at the secret we looked round for some one among us flourishing upon no visible means of livelihood, and, after a long search, plumped upon two roystering devil-may cares called McCulloch. The two are brothers, unmarried, and living with their mother, and have tried nearly every trade by turn. They have been boat-builders, fishermen, publicans, and fish- dealers, neg lecting all and giving themselves up to dis sipation and idleness; but now, though they keep two boats lying idle, they appear to live and flourish upon nothing." "That is common enough, even in the city here," I laughingly put in. "Well, what have you done to them ?" " Just what you would have done had they been thieves—watched them well." " And did you catch them napping ?" " No; and what is worse, 1 got well laughed at for my pains," answered the supervisor, flushing even then at the recol lection. One thing I discovered after long watching—that mostly every night, about dusk, one of them—sometimes both—went out in one of their boats, just as an ordinary fishing boat might go, but with this diffe rence, that they returned in a few hours, while the fishers did not come back till morning. The second night after this dis covery—sure of my prey, as I thought—I made my arrangements, and boarded and searched the boat whenever it appeared in sight." " And got nothing ?" ''Tli^ht—not a drop—not so much as a k f'• ] carried in their pockets." •' Tken you thought they were away to bring the stuff in—p'r'aps from some hiding place A' ' *• I did " And where, pray, did you imagine the ; hide to bo?" ;' Tha t was more than I could guess." ' " Were you quite convinced that there war- • -.sr.;' concealed about the boat—no ' false hj -A*a or hidden locker, forinstcuca?" He ,^.iniled>A.. •- - "Ncli b searched it thoroughly to ■ the Tr."y thatkqpt themirom Aha. water —aSiOnly an experienced Supervisor knows how to 'search—and am satisliou that the boat contained not a'drop of contraband liquor,? . / "Proceed—I can see that you Live more to tell." =Tou.are right again. I was so enraged at being outwitted, especially before A crowd, of grinning fools, all of* them inte rested persons, that I secured the two brothers, and then led the way to their cot- ; tage, which I searched inside and out—with like success." :" And then you let them off ?" "I had to-1—there was not a shadow of evidence against them., . But indirectly, , though I had to stand much jeering and chaffing, the search and queer turn up led to a useful bit of information—namely, that the brothers had a cousin called Craigie, serving as mate on board a Leith vessel, a lugger running between that port and Ham burg. Well, after a consultation with my superiors, it was decided to test whether, or not I had stumbled on a clue, for, supposing the brandy to be brought from Hamburg to Leith, there might be many a hidden way of getting it along here and safe into hidiug. Accordingly, we had the Firefly closely watched by a reliable hand at Hamburg; and his report, sent round to us by tele graph, was that, among other items, she had shipped three kegs of brandy." " Good! Did you board her when she came m p" " Didn't I ? I left a strict watch set on the cottage of the brothers McCulloch, and went to Leith myself to be present when she was boarded by the revenue officers." "And did you find the three kegs?" '•'Not a ghost of them was to be found— they were gone!" "Strange. Perhaps they had smeltjdanger and thrown them overboard ?" " No—they are not given to wasting such valuable stuff." " Then perhaps your two brothers had dropped alongside and relieved them of the burden as they came in ?" " No—here is the puzzling thing. The brothers were not once a dozen yards from their cottage during the whole of the night in which the vessel must have been passing up the Forth. They even chatted carelessly and unconcernedly with my men during the greater part of the time I was absent." " Confident of their security, probably," I put in. " Does this finish your case ?" " Very nearly; the only other thing that I have noted worth repeating is that the first thing this morning Tom M'Cullodh, the elder of the two, sent out for a newspaper containing the shipping arrivals for Leith; and among the said arrivals, of course; I found noted that of the Firefly." " Ah, that does not go for much, because his anxiety to look for the vessel's name might he assumed to arise from concern for his cousin's welfare," I returned. "Now, what would you like us to do for you ?" " Simply to ferret out the seeret how the brandy is spirited into their keeping, and where it is kept while it is being doled out to their customers. You see they keep the secret to themselves, so there is not the slightest danger of betrayal; and for me to try to get the information out of them would be as preposterous as for you to ask a professional thief if he would kindly fur nish you with evidence to transport him." I thought a moment, and then said— " Well, I think I can help you. My own face is one that does not disguise well; in daylight I am policeman-like in any garb, if you understand. But my chum, M'Sweeny, could try his hand at a make- up a tramp, or a travelling basketmaker would do, and be is as Irish as a peat, so he will have little difficulty in sustaining the character. I am interested in your story, however, and am willing to accompany you home to superintend the working of the thing, if our arrival can be arranged in a. way unlikely to cause comment ?" " The very thing—n othing could be mor easy," eagerly rejoined the delighted excise man. " My house is nearly a mile from the hamlet on the shore, and you need not stir a foot beyond the door till your man brings in his report. But are you quite sure of him ? W ill he not blunder in any way ?" " If he does, you may thank your stars," I laughingly returned, "for then you'll be sure to get at "the bottom of the thing. M'Sweeny will do more good by a blunder at times than another would with the best of clues." This ended our talk in private. I called in M'Sweeny, and as rapidly as possible primed him in his part; and then the mobs ragged and rory garb was raked out and put on his big frame, and with a bunch of basket willows slung . over bis shoulder and a few borrowed tools in his pocket, he got down to the railway and took out a ticket for the station nearest to Mossburn Mains; while the supervisor and myself drove leisurely out in that direction in the gig which had brought him. We arrived just in time to sit down to a capital dinner, in the discus sing of which we waited for McSweeny or his report to turn up. Meanwhile my chum had not been idle. The train had set him down nearly two miles from the hamlet containing the cot tage of the McCullochs, but the tramp lay past a good many fishers' houses, and he was actually asked to stop and mend some of their baskets and cTeels, which proposal he readily accepted, with this proviso, that they were all to fetch the articles to a cer tain point further along, where he intended resting for the day. The said point was a flat of tangly grass in front of the McCul lochs' cottage; and McSweeny's readiness will not be wondered at when it is known that his own trade, before turning police man, was basket-making. The spies of the supervisor had all been withdrawn in the morning, before he had started for Edin burgh, so the coast was quite clear for McSwecny, and the birds not likely to be shy. It was quite a lonely spot, at the ex tremity of the hamlet, close to the beach, and almost opposite the hoary Bass Rock, which, with its precipitous sides and flocks of screaming birds, rose abruptly out of the sea a few miles off. Planting himself down in a sheltered spot, directly in front of the .cottage, the fiery faced, ragged looking basketmaker set to work upon the articles brought to him, and soon had a knot of idlers gathered in a circle about him. The various little jo1>3 were executed with yronderfiil expertness; but the price demanded so jarred upon the feel ings of the economical fishers that the rusk of custom soon dwindled away, very speedilydie found himself deserted by all but one, and thafone was the last who had joinedtho group—apowerful-lookingfellow, in fisherman's rough trousers and blue shirt, lazily smoking in tlie cold sunshine/and eyeing McSweeny's movements in -grim silence. The man was Tom McCulloch, the elder of the two brothers—as McSweeny had guessed by seeing him emerge from the suspected den. At first he had eyed the basketmaker with lowering suspicion then he had relaxed a little at the voluble wrangle between McSwfeehy dnd the fishers' wives about the price of the repair^ = on-their creels^—and' finally had continued to eye the dirty tramp in thought ful silence after every one else was gone. M'Sweeny took out his pipe, grunting audibly against " the thunderm' cuates of the world that ud ax a man to work for nothing and provide his own stuffand then, after feeling in his pocket for a matchj and being disappointed as naturally as possible, he turned to the. one lounger, for a touch from his pipe or alight from hi3 fire. To his surprise it was at once tendered, and after a lot of roundabout talk he got at the secret of the conciliation. " Could you dcr a little job for me ?" said M'Culloch, with assumed indifference—"I mean if I was to pay you your own price, and let you sit inside the house while you do it ?'< "Will a hungry man ate?" cried M'Sweeny, with real alacrity. " Av coorse I will—as many as ye like. What is it, now, that ye want done ?" " Come in and I'll show you," was the cautious reply, and, after helping him to gather up his stuff and tools, the man led the way m through the cottage to a back room, where M'Sweeny was lowered upon for some minutes by an ugly old hag and the other brother Jim, till his conductor reappeared with a long narrow basket filled with crossbars, like a bottle basket, but only capable of holding one long row. M'Sweeny stared at the'queer thing with deep interest and real curiosity, conscious that the smuggler was watching and read ing every one of the expressions flitting over bis face. " Well, what the divil's that thing for, if a body may ax ?" he broke out at last, taking the queer long basket in his hand and examining it closely. "Faugh! it stinks like an ould haddie, or worse—like a fish-wife. Do you keep id soaliin' in the salt say ?" " Never mind what it's for—3ay for car rying eggs," darkly returned the other. " But get the holes in it mended as fast as you like." | Ye've been tryin' yer hand at that yer silf," remarked M'Sweeney, with a twinkle of the eye, as be noted the patches here and there with hits of twine and fishing net. "Was some of the eggs tumblin' out at the bottom r " Yes, you've just guessed it." , > " Oh, -well, it's a quare thing intirely. Why, the two parts put together make it nearly as long as a boat." The words were simply uttered, as M'Sweeney often afterwards stated, and as I can readily believe; but they caused in stantaneous and visible consternation in the queer nest into which he had dropped. The brother sitting moodily by the fire started to his feet with an oath, and turned fiercely upon M'Sweeny, while the old hag looked as if she could have spat venom on him enough to burn him up on the spot. McSweeny saw by the glare of the six eyes that he had made a slip, though quite unconsciously, and, like most blunderers, he proceeded to flounder deeper in the mire in the vain endeavor to smooth the thing over. " What did you mean by that ?" breathed out the elder of the brothers, with a cold distinctness that made McSweeny shiver at the heart and wish himself well out of the house. "Saint Patrick! what ud ye have me say ?" blurted out McSweeny; " it's as long as a boat if it was bung outside—in the watker, ye know—but that's not what it's for, I can see. More be token, it's for houldin' bottles in " A sharp oath from the brothers stopped his voluble speech; and then he heard them consult with their heads close in hurried whispers, while the words, " Kick him out, and tell him to leave the place at once," " No, strangle him; he knows too much," did not help to enliven his spirits. Still, he would shove hie unlucky tongue in, right or wrong— " Ye see 'there's no use of us quarrellin' about a trifle like that," he smootlily rA marked, putting on an innocent- ami uncon cerned face. ".Ya've towld me the basket's for carryin' eggs in, and I believe it. I suppose ye gather them out at the Bass Rock there, where the birds are flyin'. wild in thousands!" Singularly enough, the blundering re mark appeared to utterly petrify the whole three. They stared at McSweeny in abject dismay and terror, as if it was now their turn to fear. " There's something about the Bass Rock that touches them," thought McSweeny, with quick intelligence. "I'll try them with that again." "Who—who told you about the Bass Rock?" stammered Tom McOulloch, at last finding his voice. " I thought you were a stranger in the place." " So I am—and hope to the Lord I'll keep so," fervently returned McSweeny. "My own opinion is that all the people in the El ace are inad. But about the Bass Rock— 've heard often of it, though I've never been there. There's a power of holes in it, I suppose, for the birds to make nests in and put their eggs in; and some of 'em—so I've lieard—are worn into caves big enough to hold a dozen men." The brothers exchanged dark looks; the whispering was resumed even more ex citedly than before, and then the elder brother turned to McSweeny with a hoarse laugh— " Some one has been having a little fun at your expense, I'm afraid," he remarked, with ill-disguised uneasiness. "I've been all my days about this quarter, and all round the Bass as often as tkere_ are hairs in my head, and I never saw a single hole or cave about it." "D'ye mane to say I'm a liar?'cried McSweeny, in pretended rage, anxious to get out of the place. " I say there's hoi-"— thousands of holes—in that Rock— ■iflere • The brothers exchanged glf"oes " He wants kicking <"'1 a* ^le door,' re marked the youns~r " Whatk yesa7yefl0d McSweeny at ±Le pitch of his voice, dashing down his tools and stuff, whipping off his crownless hat, and spitting into his hands with a mad caper in the air. " Whoop, kurroo! It's a fight.ye want! Come on—the three uv yes!" and the wild-looking Irishman went i bobbing over the cottage floor like an India- ' rubber ball, squaring out defiantly at each of them by tuirisv . Fora-moment the' brothers shrank before the great walloping fists and the heavy tackety boots—one stamp of which- would have crushed their toes to jelly; and theii sidling round and: watching their oppor tunity, they closed on the seeming madman with a rush, and bore hiiii struggling; and yelling towards the idoor-r-now held open by the old woman. . . ■■■?; With a run they had him over the thres hold; and then one of their toes flew for ward, and sent him with terrific impetus .forward on . the grass. " There's holes ! ye murdering thaves ; there's holes in thousands/' shouted M'Sweeny, as if anxious for the last word. The next moment bang came his bunch of ; willows right in his face from inside the cottage dcor-T-he went back flop on the grass again—and the cottage door was banged to with the savage' words— " Go and seek them then!" M'Sweeny looked round through the deepening twilight—saw that he was alone 011 the green—and speedily scrambled to his feet, and snatched up his- staff aud tools. " Go and seek thera ?" be echoedjwith a soft laugh to himself. " By japers f that's the- very thing I'll he after doin' this minute, and like a swift shadow, he glided off—along the shore—and up the quiet road leading to the house of the supervisor. We received him .with open arms, and while he was refreshing himself after his hard work, listened to the minute account of all he had done, seen, and heard. But the moment he mentioned the " holes in the Bass Rock," and the excitement and alarm of the brothers, the hands of Mr. Eadie came together like a shot, his whole face beamed with ioy and delight, and springing round the table he seized M'S weeny's hand and worked it in pump-handle fashion as if he was indebted to my chum for life. "I've got at the mystery now," he cried, turning to me. " But to make sure of not being laughed at this time, I will visit the hide alone—unless you feel inclined-far a _ row on the water ?" " Are you going to the Bass Rock ?" I asked, with a twinkling eye. " I am." " Then I'll go with you," said I. "And so will I," echoed McS weeny. "Begorra, I'd like to see them same holes he talked so much about; it's my belief there's something in them he was frightened about, and not birds' eggs either." Leaving the dining-room, we were con ducted by Mr. Eadie to a bedroom at the back, where he produced three heavy suits, such as are worn by the coastguard, and in these we attired ourselves amid much laughing and joking. McSweeny in par ticular appeared to draw a kind of tarry inspiration from the seafaring garb, and strutted before the mirror, offering to shake hands with himself: hitching up his trou sers in sailor fashion, and airing all the scraps of sea lingo at his command. "Belay there, and tip us your flipper," he cried to his reflection in the mirror. " Fetch me a marlingspike, and throw the painter overboard) pots and all. Ahoy— ah-o-oy! Heave the lead, while I run aloft and brace up the helmand the fiery face worked itself into a purple glow over imaginary sailors'attitudes. "Are you com-ing?" I bellowed in his ear, tugging him back by the nape of the neck. "Ay, ay, ver honor," he said, starting round, with seaman-like alacrity, and, with a clumsy burlesque of a sailor's tug and scrape, " Ahoy! all hands on deck, for the ship's engine's afire, and there's six feet water in the captain's hold! Begorrie, Jamie, I ought to have been a sailor—it's myself that could tip i'd off." But I was off, out of tlie house, and fol lowing Mr. Eadie, by a quick cut across the fields to the part of the shore where his own boat lay moored. The wind was rising, too, and I had to stoop and fight with it to keep up with the supervisor's erectfigure. Down at the shore, I found that McSweeny had kept up with me nobly, but was now eyeing the rough sea rather ruefully. " Hadn't I better stay on shore and watch that the devils dan^-interfere with ye, Jamie?" he -ouggested, with palpable feaivassaw us rocking in the boat. "No; you go with us," I sharply returned. " In with you, quick—you know you should have been a sailor." "True for you;" he returned, quite elated with the flattery, and jumping in at once. " Ahoy! Ahoy 1 Tip us your flipper- " " Stop; you said that bit before," 1 hoarsely shouted in his ear, tugging down my hat to save it being swept away by the wind. But McSweeny had now recovered his courage and his devilment, and finding that the motion of the boat was steadier off the shore, he started to his feet with a wild whoop, frantically waving his sou'-wester over his head. " Hurroo! all hands to the anchor!— brace the stem sheets to the topgallant— hard up! ease her off—three sheets in the wind! aho-o-oy!" " Fool! sit down, unless you want to cap size the boat, and sent us all down as food to the fishes," I snappishly cried; but the injunction was hardly needed, for before the words were out of my mouth a lurch of the boat took the feet from McSweeny, and sent him sprawling backwards an ins iengxu in the boat; and when he got himself gathered together it was found that the sou-wester lent him by Mr. Eadie was gone. "Hi! hi! man overboardshouted the irrepressible M'Sweeny, rubbing his bumped skull with one hand, while he waved the other above his head to an imaginary crew. « Man the lifeboat, ahoy!" Presently his cries becamejmore subdued, and at last, to my astonishment, they ceased altogether. Looking round, I found him anxiously examining the gunwale of the boat, doubtless to see that was all right, I spoke to him, but a. groan was tko only reply; and then J satv his two hands grasp the gunwakveftd his head go further over the sid«>tfls if he was preparing for a hr- ; ypjxidous "header" down among the fi;hes i I shouted again, using one of his sea pli;-i.- ,- i to try and rouse him, but a : spasm;,die ' movement of the lower extremities how i showed that McSweeny was too far to give a verbal reply. We had reached j the caves in the Bass Kock before he looked j uip, and then his face was pitiably white j and woe-hegone. j " Oh, Jamie, I'm bad, had!" he groaned out. "I think the dinner disagreed wi' I me'; let's get put on firm ground—the bare I rock, or anything—for .the rockin' of that1j boat has quite taken the heart out of me." !j „ Our exploration was both rough and an- b pleasant, and lasted a deal longer than we had anticipated. Fortul^tely, we had taken the precaution to bring a jood supply of lights with us; and at last, in the largest and deepest of the wet holes, w8 came upon a heap of stones and gravel that flashed suspiciously under the strong glare. A few kicks and a vigorous scraping with our hands brought us to something bulky and smooth; and then McSweeny, leaning forward over.our shoulders with the light, showed us that we had discovered—three kegs of brandy ! Had the cave only Been high enough, ! believe Mr. Eadie wotlRt- have dsanced aftd leaped with joy. " Let's lift them into the boat and take them, ashore with us," he suggested ;'-hut almost before the words wire- spoken wa heard the sudden grating of a boatOHthe rock without, and then the vofee of g man shouting out-— " Fool! put out that light." <( It's Tom M'Culloch!" whispered th® supervisor, trembling with excitement, and' dashing out the light in an instant. " "What could have Jbeeh more"• lucky f They have started, as usual, from (Afferent points, to avoid suspicion, and he ^thinks his brother is in here." The crunching of a man's heel mi tha rock at the- mouth of the cave put an end to the whisper, and then we heard him groping his way in towards the spof -ou which we stood. " Where are you, Tom P Have you scfltt any of Eadie's men abroad ?" : he said, speaking into the thick darkness.. " Uit-' hook the baskets from the keel of your boat, and we'll fill the bottles and be off,' - Hullo! D 11!" We were upon him Witli one- great grapple, struggling, twisting, and shouting, till ho was down on the wet rock, pinned, helpless, with McSweeny snapping a- pair of hand cuffs on Ms wrists. \- Then McSweeny. coollyassuraed the sou' wester of his prisoner and helped to bundle him into the boat, into which Mr. Eadie and myself threw ourselves- to tow him round to the other side of the Kock, there to~rnoor-liim. and the boat'out of harm's way while we should try. to= secure his brother, whom we expected-every minute to appear. The task was by no- means an easy one, owing to the difficulty of finding a fit mooring place; and while we were gone, strange doings were taking place in the cave we had left. McSweeny, left alone in the dark to watch the kegs till our return, would have consoled himself with a smoke, hut he- had been strictly com manded not to strike a light. Nothing, however, had been said against whistling, and so whistle he- did, both loudly and shrilly, till the grating of a boat outside told him, as he thought, of our return. - " Are you there, Tom ?" cried the new comer, fastening- up. his boat against the roclr, passing oyer towards McSweeny, and then stopping to listen. . " . "Yes," grunted McSweeny,- fa the hoarsest tones he could assume. " Well, there's the augur and the jug and the spill's inside of it; take them tillilJ un hook the baskets with the bottles." Some articles were handed through the darkness, which McSweeny mechanically grasped and laid on the floor of the cave; and then McSweeny saw the smuggler lie down on his belly close to the boat- and slowly and laboriously unhook from the keel the identical long baskets that he hod been asked that afternoon to repair—with this difference, that every crossbar- now guarded a bottle. "Ha, lia, Jim! The supervisor think* himself sharp," chuckled the new-comer, as he raised himself from the water's edge, " but, with all his sharpness) it'll be longer# he looks here for the stuff. Won't it?" McSweeny did not dare to answer/ but grunted to the best of his ability,- wishing heartily for our return. As ill-luck. would have it, in grasping the end of the queer basket he let it slip from his hands, and was greeted with a storm of oaths from: the smuggler. "Curse yo«.f you're drunk!" cried th# enraflrcd"iiew-comer. " You've been- at tha kegs already, swigging away as hard; as-you. could ever since you came!" "Holy Moses! did a man ever, hear the like P and I haven't tasted a blessed drop since I landed!" cried McSweeny/ in his strongest- brogue, quite forgetting himself, as he again felt the weight of the smuggler'* foot behind him; and then, with a. great shout of surprise and amazement, the other was on him, and the two grappled in a deadly embrace. At the same moment our boat rounded the 'Bock, and we shot in towards the cave just as the two went toppling forward into the water. There was a great splash and shout; hut after a moment or two McSweeny's head appeared alone, bobbing distractedly in the water, as- he made des perate efforts to catch the edge of our boat. "Give us a lift in, Jamie!" he panted, : clinging wildly to the gunwale, " or, by japers, the world '11 lose by. it." ■" Say' flipper'—say' tip usyour flipper,' or I shan't do it," I mischievously shouted, a* I bent forward, and then in a wild torrent lie poured forth his entire stock of sea lingo. ■ Tugging liim sharply-into the boat, we set about- searching for the. missing smuggler; hut he had dived and come up at a safer spot, from which he had found some means of escaping, for he was afterwards heard of from the other side of the Atlantic as being, both alive and hearty. Trundling the three kegs into the boat, and. mooring the other; to it, we rowed,round to where we had left the smuggler and boat first captured. To our amazement, both boa.t and man were gone { " While we've been fooling about tha cave and rocks looking for the second he, has dived, swum round, and helped off the other," cried the supervisor, in deep chagrin. "Never mind; weve got the stuff, and we'll easily secure, them to-morrow," Thus consoling himself, he rowed ua ashore, McSweeny now loudly lamenting iliathe had not only lost his sou'-wester, hut a pair of good handcuffs, into ,the fear gjiin. Next morning the whole pla6e wa* :Hinted through, hut the brother's had cshown a clean pair pi* heels, and 'tlie mother, of course, could not well be pro ceeded against. But the ..detection and fright was quite as effdctofal as if tliey had been caught and ^imprisoned; and, so far ail 1 am aware, there has not been another case of the kind in the locality since.' Of course, McSweeny has always taken to himself the whole credit of his superior sagacity-in discovering the secret store of tho smugglers. v 