? « LOOK TO YOUR NOSE." THIS is a very common expression, but there is more in it than at first meets the eye. Noseology is a neglected science. Dr. Watte wrote— " The mind's the standard of the man." Noseologiits have a different idea. Their great apostle, Mr. Slotine, thought tbat the nose is the true needle to poiut to the loadstone of heart and mind Alike. It is the moat prominent outcome of the inner naturo. It attaches to itself all the mental superiority of the human cosmogony. The varieties of noses are legion—tbe shades of difference are multifarious, even in DQBCB with a like general outline. These differences are perceptible, yet in many cases so faintly so that ooe irould almost need to go into logurithms to estimate precisely. The contour of the face affects noBes greatly, and a like pattern of nose on a fair man presents a difference of appearance upon a dark; and ou fair and dark alike the weather, worry, or sickness makes a wonderful alteration. Into tbe minuiiw of noses, howevtr, there iB little need to enter, as most observers can take stock of them after a description of the four geuerio types. AB the Btudy progresses tbe types can be divided and subdivided according to tbe keenness of the observation of the reader. The generio order of noBes is here put thus:— 1\. The Pug. 2\. The Boman. 3\. The Grecian. 4\. The Greoian, or Composite Order. The pug nose, pur el simple, it will readily be admitted by all—except, perhaps, its possessor—is by no means an attractive feature in the face, especially if the upward curve starts about a third of the distance from whence tbe organ is eliminated from tb, forehead. There are pug noses, especially in Irishmen, if not too much elevated Bkyward which are not without humour if tbey happen to be set off with twinkling blue or light grey eyes; but if the " diamonds" at each side are not expreasive, the pug nose is almost next to repulsive. As a rule, from a pug 1 nose supplementary to an opaque face, the writer instinctively recoils. The owner of the common pug is seldom a brilliant individual, but if he happens to possess talents it may almost be accepted as an axiom that be is overbearing. Not ^infrequently he is laborious, anxious to learn, but rarely can get further than an inconsequential sneer. The common pug has something like the ferocity of tho bull-dog about it, with the vacillating nature of the pug in the canine species. The owner of the uncommon pug by no means boars so bad a character. There is something more intellectual about him, although it is Baid by noseologists that he is a combination between a prizefighter and a drunken politician, and it would go against the gTain to declare that "no one with an uncommon pug nose could be cither a sculptor, a poet, or a painter." Recent history has told us very differently. Tho common Roman nose is held in little repute by those who are attempting to revive this unhappily neglected science of noseology. From the bridge it is rounded off to the tip. If not strongly marked after the fashion of the late Iron Duke, the mind is not of the highest order, it barely rises above mediocrity (the "man owner of the nose, it should be understood), and bedizens itself on breast and fingers with gaudy jewels. The uncommon Roman nose is altogether of a different calibre. There is a something about it which must assert itself if culture has been added to the proboscis. It is a kind of nose which overcomes all opposition, whioh has enabled men to conquer mortal achievements—"to mould the world to their will." Notably, to use Sloane's words in our own century, Napoleon and "Wellington were in the possession of such noses. " Napoleon knew the secrets of noseology, he knew what advantages there were in a good Roman nose. He selected his generals,' and put them into places of trust and confidence by the length and height of their noses. The Duke of Wellington, one of the mo9t illustrious of warriors in times ancient or modern, had a strikingly remarkable Roman nose. By this nose he conquered Napoleon, and in that nose saved Britain from becoming a province of "France. May she ever have Buch a nose in emergencies," and so on. The Grecian nose, straighter than the Roman, lacks the fiery energy. It iB more characteristic of * amiability and refinement. It indicates passion, too, but its real passion means not the sword or the spear, but the lute of Apollo and tbe brush of Apelles. Byron fought and died for that nose, yet still the cup of Sainian wine needs to be swallowed under protest. But it is a comfort to think that there are other noses not so bad as the pug, nor so valiant as the Roman, nor quite so refined as the Grecian, but possessing in a mixed degree the best qualities of all, guided by a wise discretion. This in noseology is called the Composite nose, and it is the sort that is generally met with in the streets. " It should run in a direct angle," we are told, from the forehead, should be straight, regular, and of a good size. " Facts provo and circumstances confirm that this order is suited for attaining eminence in any of the arts and sciences, in the senate, or the bar, in commeroe or in agriculture." The toper's nose speaks for itself. It is not by any means comely, but there is a certain amount of jollity about it which even Sir Wilfrid Lawson could soarcely fail to appreciate in presence of the owner. • It bespeaks sack more than solid. Flat hoses are held in less esteem by noseologists than any other pattern. It is argued that the flatness of the nese indicates flatness of mind, and that no nation of fiat noses have ever made their way upon the earth. So far as what we understand by civilisation, this idea cannot be satisfactorily disputed. lc needs no ghost from the grave to tell tbat booked nose behind which is set the keen eye belongs to tbe race of the Father of the Faithful—tbat race whioh, enduring much contumely and crnel persecution through long centuries, preserved through all its toils, trials, and shocking sufferings in accumulating tbat powerful agency called luore to suoh an amount that it may almost safely be said to rule the world. Sloane has a wonderful appreciation of this nose. He is more eloquent about it than of any of the others, taking it from a peouniary standpoint. He asks where are the Pharaohs, and then says, " That nose whioh toiled and strained under tbe whip of a task-master still exists in all its hooked rotundity, as large and as well defined as ever, whilst the nasal organ of the oppressor has vanished, and nowhere exists save-in tbe remains of its , 