' CHAPTEH XIV.-CONSCIKNCE. In spite ot Dick's coldneis-nay, Elizabeth some- times thought, his shuddering aversion to her now, she tried to do her duty to him as a faithful wife, in the dark days after his father's death. She felt in- deed s ch intense pity tor him, that she was ready to forgive all hisshortcomiLgs. " If I had dona it," she would say to herself, and shiver at the very thought ot what must be Dick's feelings now. Daring a sharp attack of illness, which was un- doubtedly brouyht on by his excessive drinking, Elizabeth attended on him with untiring devotion, and by doing so diew even some expression of gratitude for her kindness from the miserable and embittered man, " You are very kind, Lissa," he said one night as she was sitting watching him ; and Lissa rose, smiled, smoothed his pillow, and gently laid a fresh cold water bandage on his aching burning brow. As she did so Dick caught her hand in his, and pressed it to his lips. " Oh J why were you not always like this to me," fee said,-" why did you not loTe me long ago, I«issa-we might have been so happy then-" Dick almost whispered the'lost tew words, but Elizabeth heard them. " We must try to be happy now," she said gently, " or at least content, Dick," " No, it cannot be," said Dick turning restlessly <tn his bed, "it eannot, cannot be." " But let us try, Dick," urged Elizabeth ; but the young man only moaned, and hid his face im- patiently away from her. Still Dick was gentler after his illness, and for a time at least was more temperate in his habits, and Elizabeth began to hope that the dark cloud might pass away from him-nay, might leave him, perhaps, a better and mora thoughtful man. So the autumn crept away, and the early winter carne-came heralded in by a snow storm ; the first which had f .Hen at Wendell since the fatal storm when Harry Tyrell's body had been found, and when all Elizabeth's bright hopes of happiness were ended. The sight of the white flakes again floating down- wards not unnaturally painfully affected her, and prevented her noticing the dark, gloomy looks with which Dick also regarded the falling snow. ' All through the day he drank heavily, and at night bad to bo half-dragged, half-carried to his room, sinking into a heavy and apparently undisturbed «lamber, when be got there ; and alter watching him for a little while, Elizabeth, wearied with the «motions of tbo day, lay down on a couch nesr, and presently fell into a light sleep. In the middle of the night however-about mid- night-she suddenly awoke. The moon was shining in at the windows, showing each object more dis- tinctly from the reflection of the white surface en the ground outside, and when Elizabeth opened her eyes she had the startled feeling that she had been roused from her sleep by some noiee in the room. Wondering and half afraid she looked up, and even as she did so, a hollow unnatural voice near her said "Harry Tyrell!" It _ is almost impossible to describe the horror that Elizabeth felt as ,tbe name of the unfortunate murdered young man, in the dead of' night, thus, sounded in her ears, and a suppressed cry broke from her pale lips, while her face grew white and clammy. " Are you come back ? ' went on the same un- natural voice ; and then there was a violent move- ment, apparently in the bed, and Elizabeth starting up with a shriek ran towards it, and then saw Dick distinctly by the moonlight lying with ghastly face and upraised arms, as if in some frightful dream. "Dick ! Dick 1" she cried, rousing him, and after n while his heavv slumbering senses awoke. " What is it ?" be said, and then he shuddered. "You were dreaming, I think," said Elizabeth, still terrified. " You were dreaming P-you were talking in your sleep, Dick." '' Ay-what did I say ?" he asked, a moment later. " Ob, some folly," answered poor Elizabeth, " but you startled me." And then she lay down on the couch again ; hiding her head under a coverlet-un- able to forget the awful sound of the dead man's name. Alas, this vision of Dick's wai but the beginning of a frightful attack of brain delirium, for again in the middle of the following night Dick began to call aloud on Harry Tyrell's name, and apparently to struggle in the most violent throes with some in- visible adversary. Sick and pale Elizabeth rose and called his brother?, but Dick did not know them, but sat up in the bed and shrieked and gazed with terror-stricken, wide open eyes, at a ray of moonlight which crept in between the blind and the window : apostrophis- ing it, as if it were some living fearful thing. " Come on 1" he cried, waving his arms. " Why do you stand there ? Why do you beckon me, Harry Tyrell, to follow you throueh the snow ?" " He thinks its Harry Tyrell's ghost," said Hal Horton, in a frightened whisper in Elizabeth's ear. "He's got delirium tremens," said Bob more coolly, " we had better send for the doctor, Lissa ?" " No, no, Bob," answered Lissa shrinkingly. " Let us watch him ourselves-Let us keep it a secret be- tween us." " He was sure to take it," went on Bob, "going on as he's been doing. He drank a bottle of brandy yesterday, I'm certain," " Let us put in the shutters, and light the gas," said the practical Hal, recovering his presence of mind and natural sharpnesa. " It's the moonlight on the snow that makes him think of ghosts, for it shone just like this the night after Harry Tyrell was murdered." " Yes," said Elizabeth shudderingly. '.' put in the shutters Hal-light the gas and the fire-keep out the moon." " Are you gone ?" said Dick, in the same unnatural voice, as Hal dashed in the shutters. "Gone beckoning-beckoning still-." And he sprang out of bed, and endeavoured to leap out of the window, but was forcibly held back by his two young brothers. His delirium changed in character after the gas and the fire were lit, and be fancied that he was picking grain off the bed, and feeding some tame pheasants which he had kept when he was a boy. It was easier to manage him when in this mood, and all the reBt of the night Elizabeth and the two young Hortons sat up with him ; Elizabeth soothing and humouring him as best she could. He was so exhausted and feeble in the morning that Elizabeth grew alarmed, and dared no longer resist sending for the country doctor near, who when he arrived shook his head and tapped his forehead. " Ah," he said, " brain, brain-an over-wrought brain. What has he been taking, Mrs. Horton ?" " Since my poor uncle's death," hesitated Eliza- beth, " I fear that poor Dick has been taking too -much." " So I thought," said the doctor shaking his head again, and having all the time a full and complete knowledge of the fact from the gossip in the neighbourhood. " Nervous excitability unduly de- veloped by the over uso of stimulants. A sad case but not uncommon-every excuse in the case of Mr. Richard too, after the unfortunate accident when his poor father lost his life." All day Dick continued very ill, but towards night he grew quieter, and when tho doctor came in the evening he thought that the nttack was j ieldiag to treatment, and prophesied that Dick would soon be well. Elizabeth and Bob agreed to sit up with bit», and as the night wore on Bob grew weary, and slumbered in his chair, but towards midnight a violent attack of horrois once more seized the unfortunate Dick. Again Elizabeth heard Harry Tyrell's name shrieked forth in tones of intense dread and fear ; again with starting eyes Dick seemed writhing with an unseen foe, while great drops of dew broke out on his ghastly face. It was " Harry 'tyrell, Harry Tyrell," always, un- til Elizabeth grew sjck with fear ; fancyingeven that ' she too saw a pale shadow in some dark corner of the room resembling the form of the young man who hail been carried into the dining-room on the morning that his lifeless body had been found. " Oh 1 Bob !" she said going up and waking her sleeping brother-in-law, who started up and rubbed his eyes, " What is it ?" he said. " I declare I was dream- ing-dreaming of Harry Tyrell's death." "He is culling on him again," sfúd Elizabeth, shivering and creeping naarer to Bob. " Don't beckon, don't beckon any morel" shouted Dick from the bed. " I'll come I" And again as on the previous night, he sprang up, and again had to be fojc.bly restrained by his brother aud Eliza- beth. , Night after night for nearly a week, thoae dread- ful attacks came on, until Elizabeth was utterly worn out with watching, while a vague dread and suspicion began to creep into her mind. In tbe .morning, and during the day, Dick was alwajs quieter, but at night violent parox58ins shook him Irom limb to limb; and he invariably addre-sed the same spectre that he fin cied WUP in the ro m. Th«n, little by little, his delusions grew lees violent, and gradually yielded to the doctor's truutuient, und in about ten dajs after his Mist seizure, Dick, pale, stricken, «nd changed, was oi,ceuiore able to appear down stans. Sir J ulm L'yrell called to ask bow lie was during his illness, and saw with real regret how dreadfully it bad told upon Elizabeth. She was neiv.ius to an alarming extuit, und started at tho le ist noise, an<l her Btatelett a very painlul impresión uppn Sir John's mind, . " I join my son in Paris next w«ek," he said in his quiet voice, " Is-is he wah P" faltered Elizabeth. " Not vory well, I fancy," answered Sir Jjhn, " I do not think that he has ever been very well since he went to China." "No," said Elizabeth, and a choking spusin roBe in her throat. Strange doubts wore lie.inning to oppress and distract her mind. Wiiy did the memory of Harry Tyrell haunt Dicii'a disordered brain with such strange pertinacity P Was there any reason other than his father'* death, for his settled gloorc ; his sullen ana determinate remcrse H These thoughts had recurred again and nguiu to Elizabeth's mind during the dread midnight hours when Dick held his ghastly convene with the dead, His brother Bob too had looked atEliztbeth once or twice with uneasy fear in his glance, when Dick repeated and repeated in tones of thrilling horror Harry Tj'rell'a name, always fancying that he was beckoning to him, or calling on him to follow him through the snow. At last Bob spoke. "Lissa," he said in an awestruck whisper, "can there be anything in this-can Dick-" And his looks told the rest, " God knows," answered Elizabeth, and the two sat still and silent not uttering even to each other the doubts and fears which involuntarily bad struck them both. They never mentioned it again. Dick got better and came down stairs looking the'ghost of his former self, and nervous and irritable to a frightful degree ; but apparently he bad got a fright about drinking ; the doctor indeed who was himself a little red-faced man with strong alcoholic proclivities, bad warned him of its fatal consequences. " Another such attack, Mr. Richard," he had said shaking his head as usual when he wished to be very emphatic, " and I dare not contemplate the conse- quences. Epilepsy, my dear sir, lunacy, idiotcy, death-all might be produced. I do not on princi- ple object to ttimnlanta" (people said the doctor certainly did not) " but when the desire for them ia over-powering ; unrestrainable in fact toa reasonable quantity, then I say my young friend abstain. Yours is a case that requires total abstinence-be wise therefore and use it," And having given this advice the doctor left, calling at the nearest ale-bo J se on .his road to have a glass of hot brandy and water, as the morning was chill. One of Dick's great horrors after his illness was to go to bed, and he used to beg and pray them to sit up late, falling asleep many and many a time through pure exhaustion in his chair. It was difficult to spend the long winter nights and so Elizabeth proposed whist (though she dis- liked cards) by way of amusing Dick, and the three elder cousins used to «it and play very sedately and soberly, Hal being the only lively one of the party. " My belief is," said this boy one night,. " that if I were prematurely cut off, that the proverbial ditch water would be sparkling in comparison to the live- liness of my remaining sorrowing family. Lissa, my dear, if farming gets worse, don't you think Dick and Bob would make their fortunes as mutes ?-Yes the undertaking business is certainly open lo our family." Only a very feeble laugh was raised in answer to this sally, and it was no doubt true that the family circle at Wendell farm was now a very dull ont. Every day they missed the farmers cheery good- nature, who ever ready with his jest and his laugh had made small grievances seem lighter ; and large ones easier to bear. He was gone now, and his honoured name could never even be mentioned in his household. Dick was to be kept quiet and amused the doctor said, and " father" therefore was a word now nover heard at Wendell West- house. As the anniversary of poor Harry Tyrell'« death drew near, Lissa felt a strange bat perhaps not un- accountable dread of its approach. Dick since his recovery bad had no more frightful dreams or visions apparently, but he often talked still in his restleis sleeep and had twice given Elizabeth a terrible fright by walking in it. Each time when she awoke and missed him, the idea of suicide had occurred to her mind, but on her rousing Bob and Hal, Dick aBleep, with half-open fixed, expressionless eyes, was discovered once near the door of an unfrequented large attic room in the rear of the house, and another time apparently try- ing to undo the fastenings of the house door. Everyone in the house remembered what day it was when the pale winter morning dawned at Wendell on the annhersary of Harry's murder. Elizabeth bad watched its first beams of light appear with deep emotion, perplexity and regret, stirring in ber heart. She scarcely dared to look at her husband's face, though when she did his knitted brow, bis pallor and restless and excited ways, added not little to her painful curiosity; to her un- satisfied and and anxious doubts. No one spoke of it at breakfast, no one, until Hal, with boyish carelessness said-"D'ye know what day this is, Lissa ?" " Yes, yes," said Elizabeth hastily. "The Beventeeth of December," went on Hal, " The day when Harry Tyrell was-" " No use mentioning disagreeables," said Bob in- terrupting the irrepressible boy, for his eyes had fallen on Dick's white and clammy face. " A great deal of use, I think," continued Master Hal. "Be silent," said Dick, passionately, "beBilent," and he started up from the breakfast-table, and Bob and Lissa looked at each other with one glance of mutual fear as she left the roon:. " Mv belief is," said Hal the next minute, " that Dick knows more than he chooses to tell about the murder." " D'ye remember when he had D T., LÍBSB, how be always fancied Harry Tyrell's ghost was in the room ?" " You better take care what you say, I think," said Bob. " You'll hare Dick ill again with your folly, if you don't mind. You know he's not the same fellow since poor father's death." " Well if I'd bad D.T. and I'd been Dick," an- swered Hal, who always had the last word, " it would have been poor father's ghost, and not Harry Tyrell's that would have haunted me. I don't blame hira nobody can, but for all that I shouldn't like to have the old man's blood upon my hand." 