cfesBRITIES AT HOMiEL ITmm *h« PTorlI.1 No. XYIL Sib Rowland Hill, K.O.B., S At TTampstead. There is sometimes a disadvantage in a name, especially when it has been borne by two famous men. The Congreve whose monument ia in Westminster Abbey has in these latter days been con founded with the inventor whose name is indissolubly united with rockets aud lucifer-matches. A City man once laughed at the notion that the tomb of Congrere was to be found in Westminster Abbey, as it was to be seen in Charlton church yard, ' with the matchbox on the top.' What the writer of elegant comedies would have thought of thi? fallacy of confusion must for ever remain unknown ; but Sir Rowland Hill has been subjected to a like blunder. It is not very long since his spirit wa3 evoked at a spiritualistic meet ing. The question was asked what the spirit of Sir Rowland Hill, the inventor of the penny postage, thought of halfpenny post-cards ; the answer was that he approved of them perfectly. Now against this manifestation there are two objec tions — one, that Sir Rowland Hj1| is alive and well ; another, that he dislikes post cards as a violation of his idea of ' uni formity of postage ;' the conception which led to the postal reform of which the men of the present generation are so com pletely unconscious that any reversion to the older system would probably bring about a revolution. Buried in an armchair and a ' sensa tional' novel, the pale old gentleman, who came into the world during the French Directorate, sits among his books and pictures, looking as unlike a vehement fighting reformer as can well be imagined. Beneath a high forehead, a pair of pale blue eyes shine out of a face fringed with white hair. The hands still nervous, although colourless, peepjfrom a pair of woollen mittens ; the hearing, not so acute as of old, is yet quick enough to catch any objection against the famous postal system which has, almost as much as railways and telegraphs, contributed to change the face of the world. There is a flash of the eye, an uneasy movement about the mouth, at the mention of Colonel Maberly, or the official clique who succeeded in ousting him from office after his first great success. The man who succeeded in literally cramming his system down the throat of officialism, nearly 40 years ago, looks quietly enough from under his black terry-velvet cap on the Post-Office of to-day. He has done his work. The records of it lie carefully docketed aud pigeon-holed in a room overhead — a room with endless cells and countless labels referring to the various stages of the great Post- OfSce reform. Throughout this wonderful room are evidences of the spirit of order, of management, of ticketing and docketing and pigeon-holing. To the ordinary citizen it would be hardly pleasant to be locked up in that grisly room all night. He would be haunted by the ghosts of Parliamentary Committees and their lengthy reports bound in blue. He would see arise before him the shades of creatures dead and gone— of the chiefs of the Post-Office who reigned when 'Silly Billy' 'K.H.'d the men he could not do anything else for; of stiff-backed officials who reported that nothing could be. improved in the general administration of the office ; of horny-handed and stupid postmasters, who between the vending of figs and raisins found time to curse the man who gave them something to do. It is to men even of the uncertain middle age almost impossible to realize the fashion in which the postal work of the country was con ducted by those now shadowy worthies. The railway system was, it must be recollected, only in its infancy. The mailcoach was the great medium of rapid communication, and the place of the locomotive was occupied by the 'four spanking tits,' who, poor Albert Smith remarked, never did 'spank' when he was behind them. Cum brous as the old coach, the Derby dilly itself, was the machinery of that de partment of the public service which Louis XL borrowed from the Mongols. The reception of the letter, with its pre paration for its journey, was a serious matter, requiring time and thought, calcu lation and vigilance. First, vigilance on the part of the postmaster and his clerks to discover whether the letter were single or double. This was not arrived at by a process so simple as weighing ; far other wise. It was the number of sheets of paper which regulated the charge, the smallest enclosure being treated as an additional sheet; and extreme care was necessary in examining the letters, which were subjected to the process that, when employed for trying the freshness of eggs, is known as 'candling.' In all the prin cipal Post-Offices were dark rooms, sup plied at will with a strong artificial light, between which and the eye of the operator the letter was held up, that the possible extra sheet might be detected. This important work concluded, then came the calculation of distance, and the assessment of charge accordingly. For instance, a letter from London to Edin burgh, if single, was rated at Is. l^d. ; if double, at 2s. 3d. ; if treble, at 3s. 4|d. This duty of taking the letter and writing its postage upon it completed, it was sent to its destination ; and then came another cumbrous piece of work — that of deli vering the letter and receiving the postage due upon it ; for, as may be imagined, very few letters were prepaid ; in fact, the lives of members of Parliament were made wretched by the demands of their friends for franks — a word which has almost dropped out of the English language.- It existed, it is true, until recently in America, but was finally abandoned on the discovery that almost every kind of package, from a grand piano to a lap dog, had been sent through the post by unconscionable Congressmen. We wonder how applications for franks would be received in England new ! Let us try to imagine the face of Mr. Bright, for instance, on seeing a huge basketful of letters— half the correspon dence of Rochdale perhaps — Bent up in the morning to One Ash, that each letter might receive his sign-manual in the corner to frank it through, together with a few reams of Bath-post from his parti cular friends at Birmingham for him to frank as blanks. Franking by wholesale was only one of the methods for evading the exorbitant charges of the ancient Post-Office. Contraband letters were car ried for their friends by almost every body, and certain enterprising individuals — carriers, bagmen, and the like — made a good thing by carrying lettera at half the regulation price. It was computed that in the neighbourhood of Walsail not one letter in fifty went through the Post Office. A local speculator, in defiance oi the law, distributed lettera on his owe account, travelling from town to town ic the coaches subsidized for the conveyance of His Majesty's mails. If it had noi been for these postal contrabaivdistas, th- poorer classes of the community woulc have received few letters indeed, Som- extraordinary facts came to light befor- the Committee on Postage, 1837-8. I frequently occurred that poor peopli could not afford to take up their letters a once, but were compelled to beg the post master to let them remain in pawn, as i were, until thej had tared the money t redeem them ; and a softhearted post master would lose a considerable sum out of bis own pocket in the course of the year by allowing hi3 poor townsfolk to have their letters altogether on credit, or on payment of half the impost. A country Post-Office in those days often presented a touching scene — poverty stricken folk pleading for the letter which they could not pay for, and which con tained tidings mayhap of life and death. Sometimes they would bring small articles of value, as a silver spoon, as a deposit until the money came in. Thou sands of lettera were never taken up at ill — a result not to be wondered at when i letter from a distant part of the country jost as much as a quartern loaf. While many other people were thinking )f the necessity of reducing the postage, uid thus extending its benefit to a larger ulass — going deeper down as Mr. Glad stone would put itr-only one person saw slearly through the absurdity and incon gruity of the entire system, and his jlear-sightedness was obtained by a care ful study of the position. Mr. Rowland Bill was not in the Post-Office; he was one af the theorists, amateurs, aud outsiders for whom the thoroughly English, thick headed, practical man entertains such intense horror and contempt, but who nevertheless make nearly all the really jreat discoveries. He was snubbed as an interloper, and cursed, as a 'fellow from Birmingham coming to teach people their business.' Mr. Hill, however, was not exactly a ' Brum,' having been born at Kidderminster in '95, seven years before his father succeeded to a boarding-school it the capital of Warwickshire. As a boy he had shown great aptitude for mechanics, and constructed various scientific instruments, of which one, an electrical- machine, still survives, and, ' like everything else in Sir Rowland Hill's house, is in its place, properly ticketed, inventoried, and in good work ing' order. He also made himself an adept with the theodolite, and executed a trigonometrical survey of the neighbour hood of Birmingham — his mind while a school-teacher appearing mainly directed towards physical mechanics. Still he had yearnings towards mental mechanism, and framed a constitution for his father's school which, through the intervention of a Committee of the pupils chosen by the whole body, proved a great aid to the management of the school. Some 17 years of tuition, however, proved more than sufficient for Mr. Hill, who then asso ciated himself with the scheme of coloniza tion promulgated by Mr. Edward Gibbon Wakefield. A fearful blunder had been made in the attempt to coloni/.e Western Australia ; but the scheme in which Mr. Hill assisted Mr. Wakefield proved a com plete success in the southern section of the continent. While the future re former of the Post-Office was forming himself for administrative work on the one hand, on the other he was evolving the mechanical idea which, after many changes and improvements, has devolved into the present printing-press. He invented a machine the characteristic of which was that it printed by the revolu tion of a cylinder armed with type, under which the paper was passed in long sheets ; but there was a great obstacle to its adoption. It involved an entire change in the body of the type to fit the cylinder, an objection since got rid of by the* use of a papier-mache matrix and metal castings. In a fortunate moment he took up the subject of postage, and attacked the pile of Blue-books which had been accumulated by successive Parliamentary Committees and Royal Commissions. These did not satisfy him. The statistics were so poor that they did not even show how many letters passed through the Post-Office every year. Mr. Hill tried desperately hard to obtain information, but at first with slender and indeed awkward results. From such data as he could obtain he computed the annual number at seventy nine millions and a half ; but the Post master-General of the day asserted in the House of Lords that the true number was only forty-two or forty-three millions. Following his own figures, Rowland Hill went to work, and commenced by dividing the cost of postage into three items — first, the cost of reception, then that of transit, and finally that of distribution. By sheer hard work he found that the cost of transit was almost infinitesimal — that the cost of sending a letter from Edin burgh to Londonamounted to no more than the ninth part of a farthing. From this dis covery he arrived at the great fundamental idea of his system, a uniform rate of postage. This decided upon, the whole difficulty of distance vanished, and his next care was the simplification of pro cesses at either end of the journey. He thought out the conclusion that, instead of charging a letter according to the sheets or scraps of paper contained in it, a charge for weight should be substituted. This reduced the cost of taxation to the lowest terms. The next step was to get rid of the cost of distribution by enforcing the prepayment of lettera by stamp. The Rowland Hill system was not carried without many hard fights in the Postage Committee of 1837-8. The Parliamentary and the public mind were equally unpre pared for a uniform penny rate. So completely was Mr. Hill alive to this fact, that in his pamphlet, '? Post-Office Reform : its Importance and Practicability,' he refrained from mentioning the uniform penny on the title-page, wisely preferring to lead the reader gradually to an idea which, if rashly flung at him, would probably have caused him to drop the pamphlet with a contemptuous and incredulous smile. In effect the penny was at first postponed by the rich members of the Committee, who thought a twopenny rate cheap enough in all conscience. The result of the struggle against the whole strength of a depart ment, the apathy of a ' lefc-things-alone' Premier, and the deadweight of human dulness, is now a matter of history, as is also the treatment which Sir Rowland Hill for a considerable period experienced at the hands of an ungrateful Govern ment. Retired now from active work, he lives among surroundings pleasantly reminding him of the successive stages of his work aud of the feeling entertained towards him by the great body of his countrymen, In a huge office-desk, closed at once by Sopwith's monocleide, he keeps stored in various drawers, all correctly labelled, many curious specimens of the early history of the new postal tegiine, Btamps for which the collectors of those articles would pay many times their weight in gold — to wit, proof-sheet3 of the early black stamps, obliterated with red, until a clever man of business pointed out that stamps of a faint red colour, sensitive to acids, and obliterated with black, would giveless opening to fraud. There are also specimens of the famous Mulready envelope, proposed to Sir Rowland Hill by his vigorous coadjutor, Sir Henry Cole, who, anxious to import art into the Post- Office, incited Mulready to produce a design for a stamped envelope, on which Britannia is depicted as postmistress of the Universe,* with winged messengers delivering lettera to expectant beirgs in every quarter of the globe. Skirmishing round the blank space left for the address are camels and elephants, presumably carrying the mails of the future ; and on the extreme edge may be descried Shaun the yost, Deer- ?, ' foot, and a Laplander in a car drawn by reindeer, all engaged in postal operation*. To the despair of the artist mind, thia design never became current There were , difficulties as to obliteration, and in the heat of the Post-Office struggle the artistic element vanished. To one relic of the past the possessor attaches peculiar value. It is one of the causes of the United States, found among a collection of old stamps in the vaults of the Stamp Offioe. It is for two shillings and sixpence, and was intended to be stuck upon something colonial had not the late Colonel Wash ington intervened. There is also at Hampstead a kind of Pandora's box filled with the placards with which London was covered in 1847. At the moment when the Secretary of the Post Office was working hard to reduce Sunday work, the fury of the Sabbatarians wa» aroused, and a savage onslaught was made upon him. It is curious to read these old exploded squibs, and find Sir Rowland Hill held up by his subordinates as a species of Antichrist, because he did not abolish Sunday work altogether. There are caricatures of him, too, in which the pleasant methodical old gentleman is repre sented as a demon postman, the very Father of Evil himself, delivering letters on a Sunday morning. Other records of a useful and successful career are stowed away in tiny drawers, all properly marked and arranged in due order. There are the ribbon and star of a K.C.B., the freedom of the town of Aberdeen, that of the Fishmongera' Company enclosed in a silver box, and the first gold medal of the Society of Arts. In other rooms are pictures by Oreswic, Cook, and Stanfield ; a salver presented by the town of Liverpool ; wine-coolers from Glasgow ; candelabra from Wolver hampton ; vases from the Potteries ; a copy of Sir Walter Scott's work from Cupar and Fife; and many more testi monials of gratitude for a system without which life would now seem impossible. When Sir Rowland Hill achieved his work he was forty-three years old, so that he is not only a great public benefactor, but a genuine and, we are happy to affirm, still solid link with the past. Aa he ?ips his modest glass of shorty and water, no tells us that his own great-uncle, whom he recollects very distinctly, had been 'out' in the 'Forty-five,' not with the poor little Pretender, but as a Kidderminster volunteer in a march to relieve Derby. This same great-uncle was also remarkable as being the first man who planted potatoes in Kidder minster, on a bit of ground he had bought for building purposes. Taking the berries for the potatoes, he wa* greviously disappointed with his crop, and set the builder to work, who in digging the foundation found the potatoes. Sir Rowland has also many pleasant stories — not unknown at the Royal Society Club— of Campbell, of Miss Edgeworth, of Lord Brougham, and of Tom Hood the elder, whose friendship he refers to in the most affectionate terms. As we listen to his low-measured tones it seems that the life of this distinguished man is a species of bridge between the Old Time and the New. When he listened with boyish ears well opened to the gossip of his great uncle about potatoes and the Pretender there were neither railways nor steam boats, electric telegraphs nor gas ; the First Gentleman in Europe had not quite lost his once elegant figure ; the first French Empire as yet was not, the Cor sican being Consul ; German Unity was not invented, and the Grand Turk was yet vigorous. Truly Sir Rowland Hill has lived and worked manfully through four score-and-one very pregnant years. 