Number Seven- When God created tlie world he rested on the 7th day. There are 7 days in the week, 7 letters in the name ot Jehovah, 7 syllables in the Mahommedan formula of prayer—la ill Allah ill Allah. Every one is familiar with the 7 fat and 7 b an kine ; the 7 fruitful and 7 barren ears of corn ; 7 years of plenty ud 7 years o: famine. Jacob served 7 vea. s for Jiache , and w*s cheated with Leah and served another j 7 years, and received his reward, Seven days he was followed by Laban, his father in-law. When Jacob died his son Joseph lamented for him 7 days. Every 7th year the Israelites permitted their fields to remain idle and unti led ; this was called the tl Sabbaiical year." At the siege of Jericho 7 pri sis, with 7 trumpets, went round the walls of the city, and at the 7th blast the wal.s fell. Seven times ten Hebrew scholars translated the Old Testament into Greek for the Alexandrian Library. Seven times ten v ars were the Israelites held captive in Bibvlon. There were 7 times ten members of the High Council of Jerusalem, not counting the high priests. When Peter asked " Lord, how many times must I forgive my brother ; is it enough 7 times 1" Jesus replied, " I say unto you, not 7, but seventytimes 7." A just man falleth 7 ti mes and riseth up again." Prov. xxiv., 16. " When thine enemy speiketh fair believe him not, for there are 7 abominations in his heart," Prov. xxvi, 25. There are seven attributes of the Almighty, 7 eifts of the Holy Ghost, 7 psalms of penance, 7 supplications in the Lord's Prayer, 7 words of the cross, the Catholic Church has 7 sacraments. There are 7 wounds of Ohri<t oil the cross. In Revel tions there are 7 angels with 7 golden chalices, filled with divine wrath ; also 7 lamps with 7 fit;mes are mentioned there. Who does not know of the " 7 sleepers," the 7 youthful christian martyrs, who escaped in a cavern near Ephesus, and fel asleep, ard slumbered undisturbed for 200 years ? There are 7 wonders of the world, 7 wise men of Greece. The Mohammedan's paradise contains 7 heavens. Rome has been go veined by 7 kings, likewise Prussia, for the 7th is now Emperor H'ilhelm. During the seven year's war under Frederick 11 history mentions 7 important battles. The war in Spain between the Carlists and Christians lasted 7 years The Franco-Prussian war lasted 7 months, and the 7th regiment was the first to distinguish i self. <»n the 28tii (4 time- 7) of September, 1870, Strasbourg surrendered; on the 28th of October Metz, and on Hie 28th of January, 1871, Paris. Rome is built on 7 hills; so are Constantinople, Nuremburg, Hamburg, and Lisbon. Ancient Thebes, also Athens, Bagdad, and Morocco each had 7 gates. Seven cities claimed the honor of being Homer's birthplace. There were 7 steps leading to the tomb of Darius, the Persian king; 7 steps to Solomon's throne ; 7 arms or branches to the lamp iu the Temple at Jerusalem ; 7 wicks in the perpetual lamp (eternal flame) to the rite-s of the Greek Church. The River Nile has 7 mouths. There are 7 Canary Islands, 7 Ionian Islands, 7 colors in the rainbow ; there are 7 tones in the musical scale, 7 pre- cious metals. Pleiades, one of the mo-t beautiful constel'ations, numbers 7 srars. There are 7 c-irdinal virtues ; three of these are Faith, Hope, and Charity, and the greatest of these is Charity." The Duke-of Wellington has 7 marshal Is' staffs. The; Pope is priest of 7 churches. The human head has 7 openings. The entrance to the celebrated dome at Cologne has 7 pillars set upon 7 pedestals surmounted by 7 statues. 