The debate Cn the Treasurer's Esti mates ' on Wednesday evening was marked by more, tiion ordinary violence by a few of the over zealous members of tbe Opposition. ! The addition of £50 to tlie salary of Mr. : Sheridan, me oud-uonector 01 customs at Mary borough, excited the wrath ' of the members who. are interested . in the Polynesian traffic. Last year Mr. Sheridan acted as Polynesian Inspec tor, and in that capacity be sent a report to the. Colonial Secretary on the general treatment of Polynesians in the Maryborough district, nnd; ot the same time, made certain general obser vations op tli a effect of tho black labour on tho moral nnd social condi tion of the white population; This report was construed into a .veiy;grave offence by the advocates and employers of Polynesians, nnd those of them who are privileged to be members of the Legislative Assembly, have never since ceased to persecute Mr. Sheridan in eyciy possible way. . To such an extent has this persecution been carried 011, that public sympathy lias become oxcited in Mr. Sheridan's,, behnlL and the large majority who voted for his increase on Wednesday evening were influenced more by this sympathetic feeling for an injured" man,' thaii . from any other cause/ ' v' ' ' It is to bo regretted that a public servant, who does his duty conscien tiously, should be thus uttacked and that advantage should bo taken of the J Privileges of Parliament, when voting' lis salary, to ascribe to him tli sorts of high crimes and misdcipconorsi ' It is fortunate, both for the- colony anditlie Civil servants tiiemsolves, that there is sufficient manliness nnd independence r in Parliament ' to resent 'unjustifiable attacks of this kind. If it were not so, no public servant would he safe, and many a father of: a ; family would, he inclined, with Mr, O'Sullivan, to "say that;" after the' treatment' Mi. Sheri dan hod received' it .was a lesson to him as a parent, and as long' as lio. had a . loaf tor his . son, lie should never go into the Civil servico. V.. -. ., Jir. Sueridan has Ijcoii a long time in' the public service, "and hns occupied the position of police magistrate, harbor master, sub-collector of customs, cliair- ' man of tho immigration board,'- and other public' offices, at Maryborough. Ho was for a loiig timc a great favorite 'of tlie leading meiiiljerslH 'tho'present Opposition, r wliO ' Kavh heretofore de fended liiin from tho attacks of liis local' enemies in Maryborough, - for it 'must.not'he supposed tliiat .Mr.' Sheri- dan. could liavo resided in that town for so many yenis without making enemies of some kind. '1 But no sooner does he write adversely on tlie, Polyne sian question,' expose the iniquities of the system, and relate that, even tho lnsli has been employed in two instances to mnko the poor crcntnres perform' their daily task, than all his past good deeds arc forgotton, und he is branded and proscribed as- n man unfit to live in Maryborough, and ' ought to be sent among tbe Chinese in the North. A small increase of £50 is availed of to shower on his devoted head unmeasured- abuse, nnd to lond bin: with epithets - only applicable to nil outcast or nn outlaw. " Valuable ns nn active Opposition may be, and really necessary as nti . essential- element in responsible ami parliauiuiitary government, this sort of conduct is neither creditable to the . gentlemen themselves nor serviceable to the colony. ' Independent testimony has shown tliut all Mr. Shkbidan's allegations were more or less true, and the gravamen of his ofienco is this, that lio dared to write on a public question adverse to the ' opinions of those who regarded him as their friend. Undersuchcircumstances, wdure" quiffi "sure," 'die grea't'majority of t(io colonists will rejoice that n niajority !in Parliament r'efnscd to 'do1 ifijustioo' to a public servant' who had conscientiously donohis duty— eyen at the risk of offend ing influential political, friends. Not the least cogent argument in favor of an efficient system of local govern ment is to be found in tho overgrown dimensions of the Civil Servico of this colony, and. the enormous amount of patronage which the carrying on of large public-works by the Government vests in the Ministry for tho timo being. The members of tlie Civil- Service are fust becoming a distinct class— if they arc not so already— over" whom tlm I J . .7 public have no control, and tlio- Parlia ment nn exceedingly remote one. They are persons for .whom tlio colony ought . to provide and ho thankful tlmt it 1ms. tlio opportunity of making provision ;; they know and recognizo the lioads of departments and the Ministers of the day ; they learn the exact limits of the small duties imposed upon them, and zealously keep within the '.line, and in the hands of political .-chiefs' Hot over burdened with scrupulosity/ they form a powerful electoral aid, when '. their kith, kin, nnd allies, and all who havo bene fited by their appointment, aro taken into account. In local government, the eyes of a local pnblio are upon the officials, and any shortcoming in the discharge of their duties is speedily seen nna commented upon. In our.Civil Service it is ram indeed that we ..get a glimpso into its economy ; only when they fall ont nmongst thcmsolvcsj like Messrs. Hbrbekt and Lowe, do wo have a chance of seeing how unwieldy and inefficient are the incongruous con trivances it abounds in, and how unfit, by their concurrent testimony, apparently great men may he for very important places. , Tho want of an effective check" upon theso overgrown departments arises in part from their very size; and in pnrt from the irresponsibility of Ministers themselves, for when we talk of, re sponsible government, we invent ' tlio shadow of an abstraction. What is the . responsibility, and to whom / If a Minister does not actually do something . which brings him within, the grasp of the law, he is practically free tram any penal coiiscqnenccs tram his other wrong doing. ' Tho most daring Governor wo have had here rejoiced, without conceal ment , that wo had . Parliamentary, and not responsible, Government. Tho shield of a Parliamentary majority was the regis both to the evil and tho good, the incompetent and tlio; efficient employe of the State. Now, as a rule, \- Parliament has a "horror of dctnil, .and is never sorry to avail itself of tlic excuse, legitimate enough in itself, that tlio Legislature should not assume ex-, ecutivo function's. But, thus acting,' jt has gradually allowed a vast influence to grow up in our midst, which, if not checked in its increase, will, beforo long, become an active and principal force in the initiation of its own constitution. It is milch stronger now than it should he,: for in more than one metropolitan constituency, and in some country ones, tho combination" of -Civil " Service in fluence can .turn nn election. Tho ballot box shields1 their votes; the class-tics and connections direct them. The Minister who' will givo most, who will best reward his friends, is the person, and his party is the party, to ho sup ported;. -The desire to receive strengthens the hands of thoso who, from "tho abundant storehouse of tlio puhlie requirements as they are,, for the occa sion supposed .to he, ready togivo; aud thuB by- degrees, tho public service, in stead of becoming a real good, developes into... an.J.exptuidiiig, self- nourishing, prolifo source of. corruption. ' Tite centralizing systoin which vosts . tlioffirat appointment nnd the ultimate BkjpPHin the liands'of nsinglo Minister, Vrar ofnalf-a-dozon Ministers— though in ninety-nine coses out", of a hundred in tho hands of one— may be.; seen in, fall fructification' in France. Tlio effect .of removing from tho control of the central government all 'that is hot matter of general adminisfrotioh and vesting itin the local authorities is seen in England ; and we should imagine it would not take anyone, who is at all informed of the nature of the two systems, and loves the liberty ; of tlio subject, two minutes to mnke < his choice between them. Freedom, in the sense in which an Eng lishman' understands political freedom, is, os.lias been pointed ont by Whig, ToryJ ' and ' Radical writers, scarcely " known, nnd not appreciated iu France. Tho struggle between contending parties is to hold tho power of nominating the officials who may control the elections — tho Prefects of tho day. Individual in- denendenco is not 'tolerated: ' and it matters very little whether the party in power ho Imperial, Monarchical, or Republican— the administrative ma chinery is the same, -and the military strength being forthcoming to. back a decreo, that machinery is worked to suit tho political exigencies of the hour, its members always showing a lino instinct of self preservation. We havo here a latent feeling of dislike to ' this centrality of influence, in whioh a few work the publto service to their own advantage. It must needs exist in .every English, community, hut unfortu nately it is stdl, latent with us, and we stand in danger that we Shall experience ..tUe/qneiie fj&mditioii; ' against ' which wo are Coh'stnntly warned — of the Legislature taking' the executive fnnc- iitibns iutoIits,liand8.,;Wo hayq'ratlier to 'jKtnriluik' \Iie .xrton of . btirGovfniment 1 may :'gro3v-'',powerful euouglf'trY'dhtHhe 'Coni'se of the Legis lature. The evil would in time euro q « ; ijgjiff Jbut at : what > cost! , of . .'exeiteiiien t "and', disturbance to tho peace of the State, liko that of other violent rernc- , dies, . is beygnd calculation,. Wb 'nrosometimes told of the resp.on- .v.'Btbility and1 impoVtarice :of the' tlhties performed by the Service. Let us freo our minds from cant. In reality, there . are hut few "positions in the public em ployment, where there can'; be any hut the . merest shadow of responsibility. .; The'system has been' so, shaped and re shaped— so carefully swathed and ban daged with red :tnpe-r-that" nine-tenths of tlio duties . are more matters of routine, of which, wero one-half swept away, the duties ' themselves would be " far more efficiently pet formed. In nlmost, all cases outside the professional ones the work done is mere matter of correspondence, or account, or- check on \ a prescribed plan. For a public servant V to he commonly honest should be a \ lialit, ' not a responsibility. Beyond \ this lie is called upon to tako no burden \„ upon himself that ordinary ability could not easily bear. His work is cut out for him witli the precision of h machine, and there is mora of the inventive ! faculty — more of self reliance— rof quick ness of perception — of readiness at a' pinch — rcqnii;ed in a merchant's office in n week than in a Government depart ment in a year. Tho tendency' of the employment is to make a man a timo marker chiefly for his own protection. Responsibility, may ho heard of, but, like other ghosts, is very seldom seen. ' Now, the true remedy for all tliis is in tho limitation of the functions, of the central administration, and tho exten sion of local government wherever it pan be made available. By this ' you break up the influence which threatens to he mischievous, and you 'secure the efficiency and quickness of control which to a grent extent, keeps! officials up to the mark. There may, for a time, ho less of clock-work precision, and work may not be finished with tlio neatness that comes of long practico nnd routine, hut these sort of qualities grow by time, and there will be equal substantiality and loss cost. And, besides, tlio peoplo will be learning tho lesson of self government nnd independence. Wo shall see fewer deputations hanging about the doors of Ministers, and more "consultations amongst thoso who' need help how they can best help themselves. Aud, beyond nil, there will he nn end put to the' growth of a class wltosij very necessities will compel them to use a powerful electoral influence, not in sup port of a policy which may best serve the ' country which pays them, but of one which will perpetuate their own plans, increase their emoluments, and add to the number of those having an interest in common with their otvn. 