Tba A. J 0. Autumn Meeting, UNDKB th« management bf thé A J O. Patron t Slr Hercule* Robina ii, GOSlft ; president ; Si- E. Daas Tb unson, 0. B" K.O.JÍ&. ; judge: Mn W. B Walford; haunfcapprr. Mr. J, A, 8o.irr¡ marier: Mr B. Dangar; clerk of the course i Mr. Jas Herald. ' "' . v . ' .(Piusa? (LUGER i DAV.-MONDAY. Nothing could be more « uapioious than tho surrounding« Of ' the1 Lager Day, for which a racing red letter bit twa affixed by the Jockey Club to Eistet Monday ; and it is lair to say that the vreit autumn m«eiiiig has never "hen commenced so successfully tortue club ' The heavy rain which tfell on the preceding Friday, and Baturâày had made the course in *u/?er-exeelleut order ; and, though at one time threatening to marthe enj >ymeut, if nut indeed to render a postponement necessary .it cleared off nicely in time, and gave to the course and its component birts, a much lighter aspect than they had worn mr some time past. Sydney had become'very full of country folks tr¡e steamers from the. north and snuth having arrived choke full of pi>eeng6'B while th« Redfern station, when fains came In woro tho unmistakable o, pa rance of holiday time, telling th it the people of New Soufcti Wales will et)j selves The state of tho ground was, as I have already Bald, Very.f tvourable two ye'tr-olds and threes to be had under the molt sat Mao tory clroutnstancaB ; and, without a doubt, the fields for all races were m. da iarger thiti thoyotharwise woad have been by the excelleut s ate of the running and the absence of dauger to doubtful pins Early in the morning great pré- parai ions were noticeable in the streets betokening a Targe at- tendance when the drat bell should ring. and when we took the road, the exodus along Oxford street and Botany street, W a quite as t xteuslve as «.« hive been accustomed to see. Gradually the crowd on the.course kept iuureablng until the tims «ut tor tho Leger Mid when the attendance was largest th^re ooulm't have oaen faworthan from twelve to fourteen thoumnd pao ile,' «rho hob'oti'y well filled all the Stauda, hut were spread nut, and thlttkly too, right, down to the Derby corner. This s ate of things put a stop to all aux ety there hud been for tho recoupment of the gate lessee at any rate BO fur as the fi rut day was onc'jrned ; tho pro abllMes being that he recovered neirly. If not quite halt lib outlay on that one afternoon. The opening ot the private roa-l for member* relieves the purlin way, from the turnuike to the ra much overcrowding that we were wont to see. but th« publ c . are debarred from seuhig the handsome equipages and well appointed timms arrive on thu ».round a «Ight ¡hat weall know ts Kiottily appieelated hy an English rowd, and especially on a race holiday. Tory fe v of the ot polloi can knmv «iiether thero la a four fit-hand on the course ; and the coming of his Excellency Sir Hercúlea Robinson has consequently ceased to be io.iked f. i , '?Â£Faî patron it bat been, for it mrist ba confessed tbat tba .arrival of five or BIX "draga" at the entrance gate of tba . course ls a *ight muon appreciated by a Urge nuinoer of the general pub ic. Of the grand stand, it is uuneoeBsary to say more ih»u i hat it ¡a decidedly the <-est in the colonie»; but tbe.e am one or two little matte« capable of iinprov-oieiu, io w iou waa .tttiD>-aud-«yemake allusion wliUout treucnin* on delicate ground. If we a.u nut allowed to .,ive au unbiassed opinion on the eouduct and appli- ances uf a raue meeting the iuevita la result w < ,i°?a ibe tlu6 newspaper readers will have to DB' aail.tL d with know ag tnat seventeen colts und fillies started tor the. Ouaiupague, and that certain three,.whichev r they are, fiuiahou iu iront Tuis, attar all, au wa up wliut Is absolutely necessary ; out there «re many hundreit» of readers in.the country who like io anow how a race has.oeen rna, now the_ fluid got away and other such particulars, fruin ¡ which they m y gau^e tne capabilities of dittereui nags, and be a ile to fur in «oma Idea of individual chai.oaa, 1 wuen tn« weights are published for the next big race. Our opinion waa on Monday that tue starting might have, and often Uad, sen a good deal better, especially mac tor the mile race; but thia ls only au opinion ai b«*t, and we do not mink tnat thr- fact of having au lacèrent in a aiartiug horse is suffiohmt to make it necessary or even admis>iule fora stat 1er to raliuqnhm th« flig. vir. Watson, who fur years bas performed the arduous and often thank leu* dui y of tfcspatcbiuic t u horse- at Meibonrue very tre quenily bas noises of bis own to sta t ; and h-» bas made a roi'Uiatiou, well deserved, as i be oest star er in Australia. But Mr. Watson, witta the flag lu b nd, is an autocrat umonrf the jackeys, and besides, he bas been starting for "years, by which aloue any one can eiiablisu proper control' over, tue jockeys ; whlie here we have had nearly hal' us mauy different slatters aa there have been meetings since the opeuiug of Kandwlek. And when ona starter reooinmeuos punismueut to disobedient lideis. he isltaoleto have half ihe jockey e in the race examined agaiust bim. Tue comse on Moudav had a gay appearance, the Grand Bt nd and Padd- cas were well patronise <; and one very satisfactory improvement was that mere were many more hv'lei tnau usual A goodly muster too. wha evidently don't think that the ne piu« ulira of quality is only to ne fouu-1 I witb'.u Lbe JjOKey Club reserv/j. It is good to seè the lun i cheon room frequented by lots of families of our 'Ute who ; having nee got rid 'of tue teeliag tnat to cit in pqblic is i vulg ir, fiud a good luncheon provided by the oin 's caterer, a much less t ou'desume affair than the aristocratic and time honoured hamper ; thc greatest fun ab ut which is the unpack ng, with its accompanying doubts and fears on the sdoject of "non est invent us," salt. Tue Q-erman band, of course, - as there, which is enough to say ; and having told that every thine on the course was ordert v in the extreme, nuder the surveillance of a sufficient body of polee; we go on now to the racing. The opening event over the light sticks gave a capital race between Quicksilver and Goulburn, nothinv ehe having a say iu the matter ; and the weight telling on Mr Goyd r'a llttlo plum at the finish. Corrigan landed Goulburn a clever winner. Whether Beacon or Baron would have disputed the poiut with the. wiunei and second canuot be known, at both fell early in the race, fortunately without hurting any oue. The Autumn Brakes brought out five, of which, of cour.-e, Pride of the Hills W«B a huge favourite, and be won as he . pleased after a very slow-ruu race iu which Demo erat was iu front for a mlle The Champagne S akes brought out a fie field of seventeen, from among which they only laid 2 to 1 against Chester ; and from the way he won it one would say it was really any odds on him Óue reason I was glad of this victory was bec«me people said Donnelly couldn't get aw y ; and as they had i o reason for my sucli opinion, it was a good reputation wtien he won in a canter. Expectation, once more second wasn't up to her form hy a lug way; ant the doings ot others in the field showed them to be " off " Athlete was mad« a prodigious pot hut wasn't in it., though tho taca took two seconds longer than he was expected to rake. All but f«ur were frightened away for the Leger Robinson Crusoe start lng At fi to 4 on him. lie cat down Too&l; first, the t se tied the prétention* of Queen's Read i and when Adelaide caugh hi n at the hatton of the stand enci- sure, a cut or two of the whip made him shoot past the post a game and claver . winner ; showing, however much I thought : to the contiary, that be has quite recovered from his ship wi eek. and must have stood a great preparation. Spécu- lation, who was very little hacked, if at all, made every post a winning post in the Dmcaster Handicap, which be landed cleverly ; though Lüertes came with a big rush, too late to catch the speedy "Spec." The Trini Stakes fie d gave a lot of tiouble, aud after all the erart was not a very good one. Waterford, ny Mu quls from A 1, was a great pot at evens, against nme others, and he won as be liked. Mr. Tait's Rubina fitly. Moira, gettiBg second place. The races came off as under : FIBST DAY-Mo WD AY. Hurdle Race.-A handicap sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, 2 ft. with l' O sovs added. Second horse 20 sovs. from tho Êrize." About two miles and a half [on. James White's b g Goulburn, by Gulgong, 8 yrs, . 9'IT 91b (Corrigan) ... ... ' : ' ... 1 Mr. P. C. Goyder . br g Quicksilver, 6 yrs, lOst 4lb (Rowe) 8 P. Glenister^ g g GH fifer Grey, aged. Hst (Ohiffney) 3 W. Vivier'* bg Riinoow, aged, Ost Hin (G. Maaou) H. Aitey'8 B g Warrior »ged, Dst 91b (Entgbt) J. Trimble's b or br g Beacon, aged* 9st 91b (8. Harding, . , fell) 0\. J Roberta' br g Baron, 4 yrs, 9st 41b (M. Bryant, fell) Betting-A to 4 against Quicksilver, 4 to I against Beacon, 5 to 1 anything els . Half a se re were colored for this event on tba card- and Quicksilver had a long way the cati in tbe betting, ft beni the flag fell the Barop wa» the (l'»t to e^ow, and led ov r ilia first hurdle, which 'Waa opposite the stand . ' Beacon ly lug next and ge'ting' over after hitting heavily, followed oy Quicksilver Gaffer Grey lying I «st. Towards Cutt*'* Baron bi-gan to inoreasi his lead, and when the obstacle at the mlle post, was crossed had a lead of four lengths. Beac n still lying tecon-t, Goul urn baviug gone uo third and in iront of the fa- vourite Going past the seven furlong post no alteration oc- curred, with the exception tbat Beacon struck heavily, and .treated Harding to au u/ly fall. t'Oth horse aud rider going to grass, boc fortunately both es-aped without injury, and al- though Beacon wassnonremnuntedagain »aBnt-verafterwards in lt. Wari lor was fourth as hy ran up 'he hill, and no ah era'lon occurred in th« order until they rounded the turn into the straight, when Quicksilver ran up second to Barn» but the latter, who rapoed the first hurdle in the straight, could tint get off qu ck enough, and rolled over "The V"niau ' narrowly escaping being jumped on bv QuioWsilver Quicksilver now was left in command, but before they had taken many more strides Goulburn supplanted bim, an* led over the jump oppo.ite the Grand titand Ralnoow lylo* thir<> and Gaffer Grey fourth, this order seeing them as far as Cut's's. Over the 7 furlong jump Goulburn was (eadine Quicksilver by half a length Rainbow coming next 4 lengths awav, and a ci opie In fronr . f Gaffer Gre«. who hit very hard, har was splendidly recoverud by Ohiffney. At thu point Beacon WBB pausing the tand but without, tbe ' ghost ot a show." The first four as tbey went up the bill, showed slims of closing, and the heavy weight was beginning to tel; on the favourite, whose rider bad to sit down and call Rainbow and Gaffer co ' lng next in order and together Goulburn led Quicksilver ov r the o .stscl« at the trainerV stand by half a iength an old Goffer commenced to go swat from Rainbow who was from thi* point beaten. Here th> last struggle commenced and Goulburn getting over thc jump iu the straight a length In front of Quick 'liver, ra» in a winner by a clear leng h Gaffer was third and St' lengths In front of Rainbow. Time, 6min. 6sec. The Autumn 6takes, a sweepstakes of 10 sovs eich, 2 ft., with 1<0 sovs Kdded; for three-yeir-olds and upwards-; second hnrne'VO sovs from the prize ; 1} mlle Mr. R. T. Re d's br c Pride of the Hills by Talk of the Hill \- Black Gipoy, S yrs, 8st (Huiles) ... ... 1 Hon Jarnos White's b c Democrat, by Gemma di Vergy, 3 vrs 8si (Colley)...' ... . ... 2 Mr. A Bowman's ch h sunlight, by Kelpie- Juanita, aged, ''Ort Mb VG- Th "nips ni) ... ... .3 Btr H. Robinson's br h Valentia. 4 yrs, 8st 131b ' J. Ramsay) Mr A. Town's b f-^Ltdv Mary fil Iv. 3 yrs, 7«t 121b (Lawson) Betting t il to 1 on Pride of the Hills, 6 to 2 against Bun jlght, 6 to 1 against otuers. Sunlight got the ad vantage at the start,but he was imme- diately passed by Democrat, who went to tbe front, and look up tho running, leading past the stand hy three lengths, fol- lowed by the Lady .viarv filly, Pride of the Hill«. Valentia, and Sunlight In that order. Running past. Ou ts's the Hon. James White's colours were stiltat tue front, the favourite having supplnnted the Lady Mary filly and going on secrnH, fie other threa lying together, and the pace, which had only been a canter, began to improve. Going along the far sMe . hey all regan to c'ote, but np the hill the favouiite Bbot to the front, followed bv Sunlight the Lady M»ry Illly lying last and in trouble. As they rounded tbe borne turu tbe favourite began to draw away, and from tblb point the rao» wu never In doubt. Prid» winning IM a common oant«r by ten lepgths. D-moorat wai second. Bnnllght third. T*» ientia fourth, and the Lady Mary fitly lase Time. imlS. 63 1-lOsec. ' Champagne Staues, a sweepstakes of 30 aovs raeb 8 ft* Fir t wo-ycar-olds ; colts, Sst 101b. and fidles, Ssc 81b. Five furlong«. Hon. E. K. Cox's br o Chester, by Yattendon - Lady ? Coaster. 8st 01b (Donnelly) ... ... ' > ... 1 Mr. J H. timith's b f Exprctation, by Barbarian-Maid of -;. \- the O »ka 8st8i (T. Brown) ... . ."7 Chas. Ed wards'chi R..yal-y n> Tim Whiffler-Young ' Luoia, Hat i6ln (Yeomans) : .. .... Ï A. L »der's br o The Dean, eist 101b (Battye) blk c Black Eagle, 8st lmb (Willis) : . . H. Kennedy's br c Oap a-Pie, «at lOlo (Morriaon) EE Joues'oho Athlete, 8st*< lb iCo ley) Han Jas White's ol o Tarquin, 8st I0*b ! Nie olson) . >. Mr. Thomas L«e'a rc oudlands, llb over, 8*11010 (Huson) J. Tilt's br o Amendment, 8st Idlb (Cleary) ?. Sir H. Robinson*« b c Viscount 8-t loth (Kuinsay) b u L irtuu, Sat. lol » (Pigott) : Mr. W. Kite's bo by Lord'of Linne-Dolly Varden, 8ft--.. 101 b(En eraon> . .-. W. V Collier's cb f My Fancy, 8it. 81b ? Sheehan) H. Berberí/a bf by Maribyrnong-t'ne Fawn, 8st 81b .-, (Davis) : Hon. Jame« White's ?» or br f Formosa, Pßt 81b (Thompson) Sir H. Kooiasou's bl f Hab na 8si 81b (Hu-y) ' B tiing i i to 1 vOhbfter, 6 to 1 v Uaoena.8 to 1 each Athlete and Expectation. Not one criHd a go ont of the seventeen on the card, and Cheater started a good favomtte. When th-- fl »ft ell, which Waa after several breaks away and Tarquin and Amen ment bad came 1 a good drat nf delay, by shou ing their tempera %h i he post Royalty was Iii sr. to show, but w by A'hlate and Chester, who took no th« running, followed by Expectation, Tarquin, Habens Viscount, and Oapa-pte, Black Bag e lying lust, »nd in trou le. Tue po-itloua were much tho same aa th* y travelled ou past the bushes ; but, coming rouii't the home furn, Chester was in trout, an going away from bis field at every stride. Athlete lying next In order, aud beading the ruck, Expectation bein* next, an in advance of Lorten and Hahena. When they were once in the straight Donnelly bi ought Chester away, and never giving them a show, won by ten lengths Expectation was second,; Royalty third, and then came Lorton. Habana, Formosa, th» Fawn filly, and Viscount. Time, Imbi 6 MO 860\. - . . . ,. . .. . V ... WINKEB3 OF. THE CHAMPAGNE STAKES. 1866 1867 186P 1869 187i 1871 187 187» 1874 i87f 187' 1877 Owner. Mr. H Fisher.. Mr. Keighran. Mr. H. Fisher Mr. Pearson .. Mr; Td* Mr. P. Lewis .. Mr. i*. Lee .. vir. J. Tait Mr H. Robinson Slr H. Robinso Mr. C. B. Fian» tf/>n. E. K O * Winner. Fishhook j. Fireworks .. fenelia Lamplighter Florence . .. H tm let Lecturer C se D'Arnon Cin>.8borougi íyperion 'hrysnlite .. Jhe»ter Blre. Fisherman Kal pie .. Fisherman Ferryman.. Uoiardo .. iarib'nonf. {.Ingstoa . Fireworks hingston j rd Linne logier - Yattendon .Time. I 87 If} Mi 18 i H 6 1-5 I 10 I 5 2-«0 l 4 6 10 t 5 1-10 The first year the «ace was seven furlongs, since which it bas nlwavs been five Pedigree and performances of the winner : O nester bred by and the property of the Hon. E. E. Cox, is by Yattendon from tho imported mare Lady Cheste-, by Stockwell from Anstrey, *y Haikaway from Leila, by ; Emilius from A pol oula hy Whisker ; ano he is the best foal j of lila "am, I think. Ha first sported silk at Tañeran H's i Annual 1877, when heran second to Viscount fortb.-T.vo , year-old Stakes ; but he finished in front of Royalty Bl .ck i Eagle. The Dean, the Avalanche colt. Excelsior, Ghinni Gidnui, May, and Princess Yattendon The St,. Leger Stakes, a sweepstake of 30 aovs each, 10 ft For three-year-olds Oolta, 8-t 10 b; fillies, 8st 61b. The third horse to rec-ive 60 sovs out of the stake 1} mile. Mr. O. B Fisher's br o Robinson Crusoe, by Aoglor-. Chrysolite (J Mon ison) ... ... 1 J. Tait's b f delaide. by Panic-Myth (T. Hail's) ... il Sir H. Robinson's b f Queen's Head, by Yattendon - Gazelle Huey)... ... 3 br c Tocal, by The Barb-Sweetheart (Rarucay ) Bettln« : 6 to 4 on Robinson Crusoe, 6 to 3 v. Adelaide, 4 to 1 Tocal and Queen's Head. When the flag fell Tocal, along with the favourite, went to the front, and led the two fillies by about.four lenutha towards the Deroy corner, which they «ot round without any altera- tion No change occurred up tba straight, but the o Its who were together were try lug to cut one another down They ran In thia order all al-mg the far side, bu* going up V o bill the favourite began to forge ahead, and Tocal showed signs of benia; beaten, when Adelaide an«t Queen's Head went on after the leader and rounding the turn Tocal cried a go. Here Adelaide and Qu-en's Head made their rmhes, * ut the lattr not being equal to the -vcision left Adelilde and Robin- son Orusce to fight lt out. rim filly stuc-t gamely to her tnngh opponent uu'll the Leger Stand waa reached, when Morrison called on the son of Angler and Chrysolite and the colt answering gamely won a gond ru ce by half a length. Queeu's Head, wno ran well, unlined ten leugtbt »way. third, and twentylengthf in front of hers'uble companion. Time, Smln litte WINWPRS OF THK A. J C. LKO".B 1R60 1867 18tf8 184» '87 187 187' 187-* 1*74 1875 187« 1877 Owner. A Loder Fisher Tait John Lee Forrester Hogan P Lewlf W. Winch fait. .. ?Mi H Robinsot De Westra U. Disher Winner. The PitffOrd Fishhook ... Glencoe Coquette vt osell A Lidy Clifden Hamlet Commodore Silvia Colt K Robin Hood Robinson Cru sba Biro. Piuford . Fisherman l^.rd of HI Ill Sir Hercuiee Oossac«. .. Yelve'tOQ.. vfarlb'nong Ya* tendon Ki reworks . Kingston .. Fireworks.. Angler ... Time. 4 3 ah «3 18 8 3 30 8 3 M 1 31 1 31} Í «* 3 19} 1 IN 3-Î0 3 18 4 10 } ia 8 io _ .118 Pedigree and performances of the winner t Robl son Crusoe, nb-om colt bred at Maribyrnong by his owner. Mr. O B Fisher, is hy Angler *r in Chrysolite, hy Stockwell from Ju i«t, by Touchstone; about as good a pedi gree as a racehorse could have He commenced hit. career lo the Maribyrnong Plate last seaRon, when he finished fourth, not pUced tn a field of nine- teen to Newminster, Aiding* nnd S iverelgn. At the New Your's D ,y meeting >f the V R O he was fiftn in » he un o'aced lot of s^ven ehlnd Newminster, Hrf«el*. and By il for tho Two year old Stakes. In the A*cot. Vale Htakecatthe An'nmn Meeting he ran second to Newminster, Sybil Aldinga Briseis, and others being behind ; again trcond to New- minster next day, for the Hires' Produce Stakes, oeuting Briseis and Etoile du Matin; and second tn Sybil for the Nursery Handicap nex' day after, in which he «arrierf 8st 91b ro tho winner's Sat-, and «ave lumps of weight to thirteen others The Ohrytolite colt, as he has always been o*l ed tili now. put a brilliant fini-h to hi6 two-year-old season a* Rand- wick where he won the Champarme Stahes, with Queen's Han second. Cardinal third, and seven not pl a cd ; appro oriated the Breeder's Plate easily fro « Fernhill who wm .ecnnrt Queen's Head third and four oth-.-rs; and the Sires' Produce Stakes nu the third day. in which Tocal was second »nd Munster third, with a couple behind them After these ridings the colt became a great favonrl'e for tho AJO Dnrny, which was looked on as a certainty for him throuah the winter. At tho A.J C. Hprintr Meeting he won th« Derby by a hoad from Tocal, having behind them the Otrdlnal/ Fernhill, The Deacon Sovereign. Queen'» Hwd, and The Rose. At the sam') meeting he wnn the Mares', Produce Stakes, beating Che Cardin»! and Tocal." ? *? . ? < Doncaster Handicap.-A handicap sweepstakes of 10 sovs each, ii ft, with 100 sovs added: for ail horses; second horse 20 sovs from the prlzi ; one mile. Mr. J. 8 Bmlth's h' h Speculation, by Kingston-Bessy Bedlam. 6 yrs, Sst-. l31b(T Brown)1 ... ... 1 W. O Freptnan's b h Laertos, by Maribyrnong, 4 yrs, 6it,7lb< Bancroft) * .... ? ? ... 2 W. Klte'a brit Dock wood, by KIngston- Myra, 4 yrs, 7st 31b (Pickett) ... ... ... ..! -3 E E Joues* br g Irish ?tew, 4 yrs, Sst 121b (Colley) T «I. k. i, ,r..l-_A ._' a.V I.ill. /tr-_-. \ A. Uowmon's b or br g Victor, aged, 7st 71b (Hanks) T. Ivory's b o Farnhill. 3 yrs, 7st 31b ( Pigott) - Ai Baqui'f b o The Peaooo, 8 yr», 7ft Sib ( Aiplnall) W..Aroh«r,»rgBooltwood,Ç yri> 7st (Archer) , ¡ W. P Collier » br f Valette. 7at. 8yr§, (Hubert«) . : A. Aimurona'» b m Maria 4 yi . 6n lvlb ^ Carlon). A T.iwo'a he Tradition 8yr«. fat Mb (Nicholson) H. Osborne's cb f Paît h 3 yrs. ô-d 71b »Kennedy) B-tiing» -J to 1 w Bi ti wood 4 (o 1 v Mcttor, 10 to 1 v HyblC* The Deacon >nd B,ecnla'ii>ti When ur Dangar g«t the field away, which was after very little tn.uole speculation wa» fl st to show, followed by Barwood, Iilfh S e.* und Meteor in thal order, bat ra unir* hK-ii. the far side, Meteor, lull ol running. rai) np and took &r;«t pine , " peru uiion ' oinir second Imh dtew iliird, »nd Burwood mx', the pace be>ng ratht-r severe «íoing tip »be bill Mf'eor api eart-d io have hart ennngh of it, aud yave way tn Bpi-cn a'lou. who WBB waited on tn DOCK wi od »nd Bar- wood It was difficult t» tt-11 how affilé s oiid es they ran lonnd theturu.bui Bpecu atl»n an«i D chwodould temare uar. *a>iiv clear of every t hing els»» When fuirly in tb« atralgh Spfcu'atiot began to g away from hi» fit-Jd annal tl. Lmer B'"i'd was tl.ree clear 1er.g'hs fi uni niylung ehe. bnt ahort ly after, a d wheu whbtii flt iv yards of the wlnil' ar po« t, I» i en ea tame tn' hm ton Me. ano m ki u a grai 3 ».uah. g>it, within a l^n th *f the * inner, ticxtiig D ck» woad, whe finished third. T'adlMn;i W-»K fourth, Bu ««od fifth, and then Me*eur Time, ) mtn 46 8 1 »eo Thc ensures ttreif Lienea had come sooner a eins« thing wouid have Leen made ol it. Tue Trial et a we» a «Acepstake of 6 BOYS each, a ft., «Ith 1< U added : i$ mile. Mr. H J. Bli-vier's ch c Waterford, by Marquia-A 1, a yra,6st11r> Pallon ... .1 J, Tait's 'rf U. ira, by th* Barb-Robina, 2 jr», ©fit llb Baue oft) . . S W. Kite's b g Woolstone, by Gemma di Vergy, 4 yrs, Bat lolbf ' o ley j J R íes s bc Echo, 3 yrs 8*t 31b (Wilkinson) R Rmise s ch i Alma, 3 y rt, 8sl (Huey) W. J Dangar'» ch f rMguora, 3yr» 7s- 4lb (Halles) H O (boru e's oho Mm-q eade, a yrs. 6-' SM' (Connor) b c Tai t oo, 2 y rs, 6st 31 h ( Kennedy ) A. Bowman's t> f Ethel. 2 y a, bV i h . WtUU) C J. Roberte'» br f Tiara, a yr». 6st Ur. * Williams) '. J L-.mix's (Hm vey) Bettln« : Even money against Waterford, 4 'ol barona Mr. C lH'Om dc pal ched this field to rather an indifferent start, Woolst.one teing the first to vet away followed by Erheland Waterfo d. out wheu they got to Outta's, Ethel bad Uk»n piemier po'itiou, closely followed ' y the l->vturlte, \Vuol8>one. and Moira. This order did not see them tar, BS racing along past, the 7 milong post a« d t e far side. Waterford ran to the fiout and made the innnlng at a great pace, Moira lying «econ > and Woulstone third. Bibel ran np second as they pasted the trainer's stand, bot coming ronna the borne turn, Moira again passed Mr B iwman's filly, bnft contd never get near tbe leader, who ran home an easy winner, beating Moira >>y four lengths. Woolstone waa third, Princess Yattendon fourth, then Ethel and Soho, Time-ïroin 16 8-lOseo. 