'(GContinued faom our last,) ýneearly;ll herthfit~ heew herL+She wae jest a poory yong thing; left without any parentswhen quite a ?yi; s:an~ hewa soe t to the Hall to be taken. care of.,,1 lr.1Westwood-the~;father, of theladies.there pow, .miss--was her, guardian ;.and when sehej was about aeventeen, Msr. Charles, who was a cousin of thefamily, and who,,,theyall nhoped,: would :marry _liseWestwood-MissH yra; you know, :miss-cam down to eta iat the hall, and fell in love with my lMie Katharine, andimarried her, and took her off to where hid regiment was for two years.. And then he was sent away to some foreign place where ther was fighting:going'on; so;he cohld:not take his wife with him; and'shecame'downitolive at: the Hall again with thesIadiesi 'Bute she was ill -and weakly like, poor dear -fretting after;hin; I Isuppose. e: So'they took her off toiFrance; lomewhere; but 'heh soon. died, ad tthenuthey brought':her, LAck here in her coffie'; %lit ,hes wasn's buried at 'once, miss. But here'sliisscWistwood 'oming through the gale; 'o i'll wiaeh you;good morning; miss-as she isti't over ki'd to m'e';"ld sh " d ? '"Ii trutdyou? havoe: had a3 pleasant morning's almsetimentiEdithb," 'AuntMyra said with' her fodidt siile'2m - i "gratifying your vulgar enriosity regirditi 'this tgrave .?? '.WlIen Iteoll yotiu that your informiant is the fllist' daetetable old 'goesip in the villag?, I hbve 'io"doubt yo: will set inestimable vaid on iourlotrely aecquired knowledge." %I ahnlmlyi ofronted her .-" "Probably,"I shall in ally tcase whether the is a gossip or n?'Aunt Myra, ' You question myp word Edith?" : "I question youlmotive' i tryin g 'to make me thio illof that poor woman. ' rThe i'ords were eaid and regretted .the' next moment fr I'liad spoke nwthoit any forethought. Why'should I questiom her otreu Idid not do the]natural niamtablty of her di pooition ttn to SWhen eiwnched home and I found Aunt Dorothy a. hen w lra ed h ev dently3 uapp, my dislike of AuntU , Myra woas forgotteinds in all penitence Ipresented myppelf before ilt Iundersnmiablendt be and pologised for the incivilityof, speech in the church3ard. ~ I.do not "think I could ever forget Aunt Myra'e smiles as he'replied-- } . T'h,? rls .whats.is called fine fceling,,1 auppose Editil;. hot I?undertaod It to hbe, hypocrisy.", ?I amide io reply, but leftthe room, as it was now neaily;time for me to dress for 'dinner.?sI; goped 'my way'~ down' the: stair, for the lamnps were 'not yet lighted; and, as I did So, I made a discovery-the recess between two of the "portraits was not a recess buta door, and the door was open; only just a little way, and behind lit was: a dim sort of light which glimmered on to the landing. My "vulgar curioity,'. as AunthMyra'voeild doubtless have termed my veiy natural desire to kinow more on the subject, prompted me.to'pushtheldoor a little fthrter opois, and look A 'small laip,placediin a niche on the right hand' eide, showied niea long -narrow passage, to toi end of which'I could not see-the light not being tullf eitotly powerftl ;land this was all. Well, I had not gained much hby my c?riosity, except providing my self ith' another mystery ; 0o I continued my way' downstairs.' But before I reached? the' hall I heard the firi unmistakable fiotstep'of Aunt Myra coming from her roomabove. Slow and menasured' it seemed at firt?'tlhen siude'oly became niketr; and, from my gloomdy position on' the lowest Etair, I ould eoLe hier hastei across thel laIiding, looking quickly and furtively ' aroud heri a sheo' went, and disappear in' the re'e?s.: I heard :o door elo.e, but the faint diiii light' aded' itantaneonely nod in the silenceaand darknes slI'groPed my way on to the d rwingroom I .mt down by Iilit and gave my eIf p to reflection. -. .. Iw as'arused by a eelvant entering to mao up the fire ad draw the curtais. Sl' went away to my room; and, finding it rtherlate, hstily dre s ed for tli en:ng, og and joined Aunt Myra at dinner decidedly out of breath-from hating run down the last,fiight.of-stairs, as though all the ghosts in the calendar of apperatition nad been let loose; upon me ; for in passing lie reeas- nay,' I had passed it- I felt niy dress'grasped; and elightly pulled , and.wheni I reached thel hal;, and, turned .to; give one hasty.. glance behind;:e,ithere'stood the'pieture I had seen the firat nght of: iy arrival, looking down on mhe; as it had:done then,;with those wonderful eyes lighting. up all tha facef ,': : ; i " AuntreMyra(regarded me with her most cynical emileae I tbok my seat opposite to her, and breath. leEly recounted my; adventure on .paing the)]reces. She'iem'rked) coldly- . i f ! '5 Yont'mnast'tell these idle tales in your nuierej at hoinme, Edilt-.they may: gain credence there ;i but don't render yourself ridiculoas- by -impoasing' sch nonsenos on raidional ople.-: - ' Ismiled faintly ia replyj' At any other time I might have been ruffled'by her uncivil Epeech, but at thdt'moment'niy mind was full of what"I had ju tfwitesili Eied - . "... I It was an hour afterwards when I repaired to lmy own room. O On entering .my eatii eemed to ea?e beating--forlthere l the fire sat the ghoat, lier face partly hidden from me by the long br&wn; hai? that' fell overeit. ' The cleing oflthe 'door had' staitlid her;i Shie half. roee fromthecehair; tthen appeared'to bee-a-red 'in soume way, and eat down aain. -Fight"' ende iL's Iac-terar strick, I may s day-aI stede l in tile shadowas ind watched the firelight flicker over the p?!e?beautifl afaceih t ihought tole: into nmy mind~,rwa it aghostO I went a few steps nearer' I made up a. mighty mini:m , and opened 'my ?outh to spesklaiThe bright :wonderful eyes were fii;d on im: so I did so.. ButI heard no sound ianui froinm' '' lipsthonghl'they tried,to foirt ihe wobrdis- ';?: i' The' glihost amiled--looked inlo the fire--pushed aways it hil oto h hands ijt long sehodowy hair;-;the rose fromn thscer, e and come a step nearerr to me as it duteje a 6,?them+ble, wrrds?'; li.: ?++.; +.+ ..'!"I amb rierlud-a Detchingley~qhmch yahd.u , ?cha ;,id Well: aup~pose I shuddered and turned white, and1lt as gnyotr young girl under the dame ccr cmstancn es~jgahthavedo ;d butt do notremeriber ansyti?g?gdistinetly", ecp shiveringvery much over afie?s grate, and wondering how it was that I was found lyinge aeEeles 0on0the' heartheng. : " Tmer i stale on• a fortnight had, paead 'away ; it wanated1 t ia u eek. to Christmas but the ghost hid notyet re-appeared. I had not been inactive all this time, ,for. Ia had most peoreveringly attached daily thei d.. in tlh reces, bhut it never once yielded to effirtl sand I was almost beginning to despair of ao..mmplshmig the work I had lade out for my Aunt Dorothy, I Was sorry to observe, did not seem to flid the same pleasure in my society that she had done." h etalked quickly tand nervonusl, when we were alone together, on subjects of no interest-as thougli'lihe were iafird that, if I stacted a convere Once, indeed, she said suddenly " Don't speak about it to.me, Edith, until yoen know; all.t What I fear is only, eurmise-I knonw T hea siwent i n Ito talk of matters totally irrele vant to the subject so fll of deep intereat to me.. Aunt Myra, since the memorable evening of the ghost's appearance in the reces, •never asked me to sit with her again. One intolerably dull day I proposed solacing myself with a little music, and was about to commence; bnt,.hearing my amiable relative mutter someihig'abont heing " hbored;!' and "that horrid march," I thought it as well to spare 'her the inflic tion. ..I remember she informed' me that night, before going to bed, that my uncle Charles was expected to arrive'the following .Thareday-Chtist mac Eve-and lthat it-wsa proposed that I should return to town with him after his short visit of two or threedays was' conclhded._ There:was no regret expressed on either side; and then we parted; not to meet again until the morning, of Christmas. Eve, when the veil fromm th' bitter past `would tbe torn aside, and far down 'its'dark' deep stream sad eyes onld fall hers and !there in shattered hop'e,'d i d visions of what might have been=all stray fragments ofa wreck °of a great love. Ii ad. fallen, into my first sleep that night' when I was suddenly awakened by a 'eft warm isnd being laid on mine. " Yes, Aunt Dorothy," I said,. tarting up, and endeavouring to look extremely; intelligent, at the same time being awkwardly sensible that I felt ,un commonly stupid.- .... But the vaoio that replied to me was not Aunt Dorothy'e. I was married once,, it said, in a low murmur 'a long time agon now-when I was alive. And in the church, that day, they played asyou did to- night. But it was on the organ, you know--th organ in the great eburch in the valley. Bnt-I am buried now buried..in Detchingley; churchyard: :lMyra 'said it would be'better for Idm if I died. H.Be would be rich; and great, and; grandl; and' peoplel would 'love and honoiur him. ; It was Ionly': that kept him hack bacause Iwas poor, and not clever. '; " "' " o firmly, it eeemed to , me,-d this terrible false hood; beri'elimpreossd on he; facile mind i hat her mental powers, which could never hNavae been '?ey string had n the courso of perhaps years become ;considerably` impaired. : . i , S"You have been very wicked, ' I said, suddeinly= "you, and Aunt Myra too. " S"I'thik"she loved him, "enturedth poor creatuure. : I do think that in very love she wished himao become ho?outed asd happy," i "Listen to me," I[eaid, leaning forward, and taking hold f toIth herhands-feeling as I did so, sao very mch older, than only eighteen years-'" if there: had been any real affection in hier nature. she would have spared him: the greatest pain a human being; can utffer.r We are always careful'ofwoounding those we tove=woe who, love strongly and deeply,' I mneai. In case of sterni necessity we are compelled to do so otmetimes; or in -unguarded moments' when 'the bitterness of undesetved. neglect: hs hidden our better nature even from. ourselves; but we are not systematically: cruel as Aunt: Myra. inse' been'-it is only the fault of our frail humtanity." ; ; ;; " I think I know what you mean," said` my ;n. panion, softly. "" Bt I must go away now," she remarked, 'abruptly, "whilef it ia dark and lat. Shall youalvaye stay here?" ' ' "He N c;ertainly not, ieithei wrill yoi" . :Her thoughts wor evideutly wandering. ? he murmured to herself-? S"Idied on Christmas Eve." "'Aid oI Christmas Eve you will come to li fe again-,only, speak of it to no one." '.... .. A nd Bn repeating my wordsC, 'Cometo life agan," over anod over again to herself, she left me. I kneww ai now: there was no Katharine Wrestwood in the churc iyard no ono at ll in that gravel ,. Chistmas Eve imorning at Detchiagley.. It had beon my intention to ieet niy :ncle Charles at the astation,to prepare'him for the strange announcemen?t but, on reflection, it occurred to :me that lie itould' not allow me to accompany him to the grave ; there fore, I reolved he should; have no ?opportunity of refusing me, and so wonuld meet him.. Thus I came upon him just as he was enteriong the churchyard gate. 'I saw he was surprired, and' not altogether pleased; but he greeteda ne affectionately, and as he walked by.y side up the narrow-paved pathway ?hle remarked that I didi not look well We. had joet reachlied lthe marble cross, and the diflicnlty' of my underraking rose before me in all its magnitude : viewved from na distance, it had not ?ppeared ;d for iidable. I stood still, reolveod to enter on the shbject at'once, and said "': : "' " i "I:am inot very well 'Uncle Charles. I"have ebmething oh'my 'iind lithatI :obghti';to tell you about :''I could not speak of it at the Hall, so have come hereto do so." I He frowned aind'looked aiioyod, muttering some thing about- ' "Would another time da las w all S"No; not as well" I made answer. "This is the only right time, and the only right place.. Uncle Charles- You .must liete9 l to.'ie'"-for he 'was turningangrily away, ,I would not intrude on your sorrow if I ctuld not lighten it-" f "Lighten it, child I' hie'interruptted me by saying. " Do you know what the soreow is that you eieik of lightening .i.. Can you bring thesdead back to life, or b!ighten the gloomin of tenlong years ? ,t Cin you ,tell that cold dark grave to .give me hack my SiIt;was my .turn'to iterraut now -,i : .:x/ " Y"es, yasI I can, Uncle :Charles;a T t'iis what I have to tell you." Sternly h1e lookeda 't nie as he tirmuly grasp my amn, and draw:me from the grave on to the pathwiiy i" his gloomy place has weakened yourimind, Edith--it is only charity to think so.".: . :. I Oh, Uncle Charles; if yu? could li?t:belsiev thaii what I say is real and tirue! 'Tler is dio one iu that grave-never lieas been.; % . terrible deceit :hin beeli practised upon you allthes years, and sinnce my visit here I have discovered it. A Ak Aunt Dorothy-she wrill tel' -you wht I have-?"? ' -- ; 'There was . diad silenced when' eased saking t?tatrseeheid to last ailori tiimb Anxisly I wiiited forea resioiniie but annoae cme od i his face averted at ftat, then turned suddenly on me, an"sdaid - . ',Cbh& e ikome, m k '. '' I [We' hod reached the Hall ; we were in the drawing room. Ucl Charles folded h arms on'the mantle. piece, an' leant his face upon ,thor'n. then said, a lmostin a voice of comd "'Fetch you· Aunt Myra, Edith iii her 'I am 'I can't, Uncle Char?es I c~~a t inded;,''. But he only repeale ?is words in a: still sterner tone. And then I went, but ;into feth unt Myra. I went straight to my own room, for the dusk of the early iwinter veig was acliosing in rapidly, and that wad the accustomed time for the whilomr ghoat to meet me. Sho was there, standing by .one.of the windows, as I entred;:and greetled` me with these words "This is. Christmas Eve. I died-on Christmas That is gone by," I replied.'You are dead J no longer. Come, now. with me.! " , . I slid my hand into one of hers, and led her to the drawing-room; only saying, s I closed the door on her, tomy uncle Charles- . " Remember-to-day you .havea: come back to Ti hen I rapidly.returned upatairs; but this time II made my. way up to Aunt Dorothy's room. + I knocked :?-o.reply. ?: enteredb. the' room :it was tenantless:' She would 'be'' with Aunt' Myra'I o 'naturally thouglt ; so turned my:fcoteteps that way, which grew slower and sloweras I neared the dreaded apartment. 'I softly tapped, but softer still wad the low voice that replied-though its tones were firm add, concentrated- Jf , i "i "Come in, Editbh Iam qeiite alone. '' :. I went in. .I closed the door boehind me, and then I shivered.: I don'ti know: why 'I did:so-the roaom was iiot hld; and Auntl Myra was lyingoon the bed, with her chin resting on her clasped hands, and lir I face turned to the :fading light. Sculptured fromina block of marble: she might have been, for aught of life that wis visible in the proud mslestio form. : d! ' .",Come closer Ito me, :Edie,- child," said Aunt Dorothy, with a sort of wail ib her voice ; " for Iam alone in the world-quite alone": I mean, Edie, there is no one now to whom my love is necessary. " ] I. I enderstood: what: she, meant:. I went up to her by the bedside, and took her in my arms, preensig the dear face, 'with its down-falling tears cloe to mine;:. " Oh; Aunt Dorothy, what ,have I'doiie ?" ; SRiglht, child It is a stern, cold word, etanding, in its grand simplicity, away from every other; even they who struggle against its power arer forced;to aciknoiwldgo its wonderful beauty-how m uch more? we, who are its champions 5 e did Iay" she continued, in a bewildered tone, looking up at me "I meant you; child. I have been no'champion of I Right I , ..*c; · ~ _}. t·r. 'n'Ad then w were quiet for some time; until Aunt Dorothy spoke again. "It was as I feared, Edith Gradually as the truth broke ".,~s her .the lshock was too mucth ;but shhedied as h h ha ed - livedto herself She mde no sig ;uttered,;no word only laid down, and, died One yearning cry or pardon, onu word of sorrow foir the sad and bitter past never passed her lips; and I now her tral time is over, and she heas entered on the never-ending life. Whether it was woman's jealouey ?or if, she ever loved ajhuman being it was your Uncle Charles-or family pride, which has been the curae of her existence, that induced her to act the Icrel parte she, ash I cannot say., She has: paosed beyond human judgment. We. most :leave the creature with its Creator, Edith ;:for to Him alone we 'either stand or fall. " Oh, Aunt Dorothy, if heshould find no pardon I and I have hurried-her there-! "-- "Hush, hush, child I Itis not for sl:to limit the meroy of Heaven." 'And then we sat together a long time 'silent; with our arms clasped mrond' eachl' other, in. the 'dalk solemn room: ;. I Ihave been a woman ever since 'that Chriastmna Eve at Detchinb gey. Itwoe the tirning point in lif it mad me' discover the irue mission of" woman upon earith: to brinug, omfort and.peacsinto the aching weary hearts of: our fellow-oreitures? Catherine Westwood, with the love light, ofteniing the: mild wo dedrtl.bea-ty of her eyes, told mOe this as: we all sat together in'thC drawing-room,' when the evening lamps were lighted; Uncle 'Charles, with a gladies, in his voice I had never 'heard beforeo, told me the same ; and Aunt Dorothy, dear Aunt Dorothy, as she stood by my :ide in'the great hall, listening to the Christmas bellse ringing their joy-toned message over mountain and valley, whispered- ' iThe angels, the angels, Edie, that spoke so long ago to troubled hearts; they are speaking to us, child, now, the same words. :Let us listen, and learn !" 