EVENINGS AND MORNINGS IN THE BUSH.-N0.11. [In the ladies' chamber—Another alarnl— Miss Audit's first interview with the bashrangers—The early life of Miss Jttubric's dog, Squeeze.] On the night of the alarm of bushrangers being on the outskirts of Woolcnmaurifer, after the great no-Popety Sydney barrister and Mr. Archie Rover had been shown by the housemaid to their bedrooms, Miss Rubric and her three lady visitors remained behind in the dining-room for the feminine purpose of discussing the events of the day in the free, and feminine, and informal way in which ladies love to discuss, undeterred by the oppressive presence of male listeners. But they soon found the barometer of tbe ; r animal spirits beginning to fall. The gaiety inspired by the cheering conversation of the lordly sex gradually and even speedily collapsed. Eventhetone of the ladies'voices soon lowered by half an octave, like the voices of children when they talk in the dark about ghosts. The atmosphere of the apartment seemed to become cold and depressing, and the legs and backs of the marone covered chairs, ranged at the farther side from that where they were sitting, seemed to assume the outline of human limbs and bodies, while the ^parkie of two~orttae&~gtfay~wrae glasses, left on a corner of the sideboard, appeared to glare upon them in the refleoted """" lamplight like the eyes of scowling bushrangers skulking in the gloom. Perceiving the change, Miss Rubric proposed that they should take their bedroom candlesticks, as the servants had all been dismissed for the night, and take refuge in her bedroom, where she hoped to find a fire on the hearth, without even a cricket's chirp to disturb their midnight parliament, or distract the n in their duty of "patting up" their hair. " Thanks to Mr. Trover's merry songs and sayings, none of us seem very sleepy, except my guardian, Squeeze, here, and if the bushrangers come we are as safe upstairs as downstairs." Squeeze, you must know, was Miss Rubric's lap-dog, " because," she said, " he never lay in my lap since I pulled him out of the water." Squeeze 'jumped up, hearing his name, and seeing the general movement of the company, he blinked and winked and made towards the door. When crossing the entrance hall to reach the stairs, Squeeze showed such an earnest desire to go out stargazing that Miss,.Rubric unlocked the front floor and let him go forth. Then locking and bolting the door, and putting on the chain, the party ascended the stairs and entered her bedroom, which she also locked and bolted when all had come in. The fire vas still barning, andjllhe four ladies were soon seated round its encouraging blaze. Mrs. Sketch sat on the small ottoman at one side; MiBB Audit on a footstool at the other; Miss Rubric and Miss Mittlealters enthroned themselves on the cushions taken from, the sofa at the foot of Miss Rubric's bed. Under the genial influence of a-bright wood fire, the tide of talk returned on the ladies' tongues, but fall rather of kindliness and pleasantry than overflowing With mirth and joyoueneas as at the supper-table. And now the saored VSBtal myBteries of grooming were inaugurated by Miss Rubric removiug her large eomb and lettingler " back hair" fall down. The age of whioh I write was the age of curls, and curling-tongs, and curling-papers, andlong black or blue double hair-pins, and nippers, and enormous tortoise-shell combs, and side combs, and back elastic combs that encircled half the head. It was a scientific time, as regarded the natural covering of ladies' heads, and marked off the front hair, and the side hair, and the back hair with exactness. Then there was stiff hair, and strong hair, and limp hair, and all. sorts of refractory hair, and the care and skill brought to bear in the treatment of each was wonderful to witness. Then there were the paper nobs into which each separate tress was twined and twisted, until you expected the whole curl to come out by the roots, or the eyes of the twister to start out of her head. How ladies contrived- to sleep with their heads in such a torture - of curlingpapers, ladies only can tell—I cant. However, I shall deal fair with all sides, and, therefore, I must state that even gentlemen and officers stole a leaf out of theladiee' book, and actually put their side locks into paper by night, and tucked them up with sidecombs by day, until a new commander- intjiief of our Indian army forbade the ladyhkt practice by a general order. This "age ofjcutLpapers was also the age of ugly nightoapB. hh, yon shoulifaave seen those nightcaps to appreciate twin, with their dowdy, drooping, de'ti^orders, reaching down to the hp of the HOBS, tHnsforming the most beautiful face and mufHiftg.it in beldame hideous-! nesB. How *ny gentleman could recognise bis own wife disguised'in ok*, of those mob «ap« by night is beyond • my cotbyrehension; J MISB Rubric was playing with the strings of her nightcap, and looking though tfollyintoVha. «», while Mrs. Sketch was explaining some Man wedding customs to Miss Mittlealterst *nen a volley of fierce and angry barks from , followed by a deep and menacing bay from Bevis, Mr. Rubric's bloodhound, caused her to spring to her feet, and and exclaim—" Dear Mrs. Sketch, do call Mr. Trover instantly; do, pray do; there's something wrong; I know by that bark of Squeeze." Mrs. Sketch at once consented if Miss Rubric would accompany her to her brother's door. In five minates both the gentlemen were dressed, and, at Mr. Trover's request, the candles were all extinguished. Conducted by Miss Rubrio, the whole party groped their way into the study, where the arms were kept, and both gentlemen were soon ready for a fray. Cautiously opening the study window, the two warriors crept out, followed by the laiies, who would not stay behind, and stole down the orange-tree walk towards the boat-house, Squeeze all the while barking furiously. Coming to the boat-house, Miss Rubric unlocked the door of the loonge, and all entered. While the two gentlemen held a consultation in whispers about the next step to be taken, Miss Rubric said she thought some of the boats must be adrift, for she felt it bumping. This remark reminded all parties of Will Stemsell's conjecture that the busrangers might borrow one of Mr. Rubric's boats. Each, with gun in hand, then proceeded down the boat-house steps, and returned in a short time without making any discovery. On coming up, however, and going to the bank of the river, Mr. Archie Rover laid bis hand on Mr. Trover's arm, and said, "Why, here is a boat adrift; look there;" and there it surely was. As soon as Mr. Trover bad satisfied himself that a boat was loose under the bank, he returned to lounge-room, and-procuring, .a- box—of - matches, Mr. Archie Rover again went down to the boat-house, and lighting a match, they perceived that a boat was missing, and that after all their gallant waste of powder and ball, the bushrangers had come, had taken a boat, and had got clear off with it. The noise of the dogs had bronght down the groom and gardener, who took a boat and brought back the one whioh had gone adrift. But the long boat (as it was called) was gone. How or by whose agency did not yet appear. After some farther delay, the groom and gardener were appointed to stand guard until morning, and Mr. Trover and all returned to the house, where the servants were now all in commotion. But this alarm dispelled the wish as well as the power to sleep. TI)e bushrangers had murdered sleep for the rest of that night in Mr. Rubric's parsonage Coffee was prepared, and with pale faces the ladies met the pale face of morning as it came slowly peering in through window blinds and curtains. For the honour of her dog, Miss. Rubric wonld have it that the boat was taken before Squeeze was let oat. This hypothesis had its difficulties. The boat was gone and no one could explain the mode of its departure. Will Stunsell maintained that it was " borrowed" before, the guns were fired, and while the ladies and gentlemen were glee-singing in the oottage overhead of the boat-house. Mr. Trover partly agreed with this account or conjecture, but it was too bold and too clever A triok he thought for bushrangers to play. Yet the boat was gone. Mr. Trover would persuade Miss Rubrio that she, as well as the other ladies and their nerves, must have received a severe shock. Bat Miss Rubric would not confess to any such weakness. Miss Mittlealters, as a German, had ..Schiller's play of "The Robbers" off by heart; and rather regarded the whole thing as romantic. Miss Rubric and Miss Audit had been born in the bush, and the deeds and the doom of bushrangers had been-the theme on many an evening and morning since their infancy. My own private opinion of both these young ladies is, that neither of them would have fainted at being " bailed up," provided the bailiffs were of the honourable class. To he " bailed up", would have made heroines of them, and brought no end of young gentlemen to condole with them, and to compliment them on their bravery. In fact, Mies Audit had undergone this apotheosis, bat at an age too young to elicit much masculine sympathy. When she was fourteen years old, and a few days after her brother had been sent to Sydney to school, she was seated in front of a large wood fire in the kitchen of the old house at Gipsy's Glen, before they flitted down to the river side. Her father was sitting at one side of the fire and her mother at the other. " Mary, my lass," said her father, " hand me a long pipe and bring me a mug of beer out o't cask." Mary stood up, crossed the broad floor, opened a drawer in the dresser, and was selecting the longest pipe in a dozen, when she heard the sneck of the front door lifted and some one entering. The next instant a loud, commanding voice cried out, " Bail up here; let no one move, or I'll blow their brains out!" Mary turned round at the word and beheld a tall man with a sunburnt face, red as a red Indian, with a gun levelled at her father's breast. Still holding the. pipe . in her left hand, she bounded forwards, struck up the gun with her right arm, and, with the dauntless mien and flashing eyes of a young Amazon, she stood between , , the gun . and her father, and exclaimed', " Shoot me^—shoot me—but don't you dare to tonch my .father 1" and she stood confronting the robber. Hie was a tall, powerful man, but seeing die was" only a child, he drew., back the gun, and . said; gpodhtanbiiredly,. Halloo, JOB little JCIIAI.. I'm blest, tut you are a vixen!". Two other bushrangers stood behisd him, and'they also langhedatthe tragic bnrlteBjjoe; of the scene. Her father calmly , Mid "Don't liurt the child; no one here will: hinderyou to take what you want if you're. B^Pt jononrable;" The robbers had a good hot. >w -J filled -a %ag with' provisions, took!; some tobacrw-^nd a few pouiids in cash, drank a bottle M^an^-Jand departed.) Such was Miss Audit's first interriewwith bushrangers. As she is not ene of our leading characters, I shall finish her.here. She _grew up a fine, handsome girl, got married at five-and-twenty, was a widow, with one,son, at five-and-thirty, and now, at five-and-forty, she continues a widow, with a clear, unencumbered income of £1300 a- year. Should you like to be introduced to her, sir ? I hear you are looking out for a wife with "a bit of money." Well, then, " shout" champagne, and I'll see what I can do for you. While the inmates of the parsonage were sitting over their coffee, wrapped in shawls and mantles, Mrs. Sketch asked. Miss Rubric how she and Squeeze had become Buch fast friends. " Squeeze came into our domestic circle in a very extaordinary manner," said Miss Rubric. " I went down the river in my own boat one day, to see Jane Benson, who was on a visit at the Supply Farm. On my return, as I passed the west side, and came along under the treeB at Gravelly Beach, I heard the report of a gun down towards the Huts. I took no particular notice of the shot, but about three minutes after the disobarge, I was startled at a great rustling and fluttering up in the branches above me, and looking up, I saw an eaglehawk not fifty yards from me, flapping his wings in an unusual manner, as if trying to disentangle himself from the foliage. This he effected, and soared. But he had only risen a very short way, when I saw something fall from his claws and drop with a splash into the river, close to the blade of my left-hand oar and sink out of sight. At first I thought it was a very young lamb which the eagle had carried off; and _I was j-nstturoing the oar-to pull on,-when the object re-appeared close to the oar, and I pushed the blade of the oar under it, and drew it near enough to take hold of it, and lifted it into the boat. To my surprise I found it to be a greyish-white or grisly puppy dog, about six weeks old. The ear and side were bleeding from the grip of the eagle's talons, but otherwise did not seem much the worse for his fly in the air or his fall in the river. After Mr. Puppy iad recovered somewhat from his astonishment at the vicissitudes of his early existence, he began to yelp lustily, as if entreating to be taken to the place whence he came, heedless of any attempts to dry him and console him. Placing him in the bottom of the boat, I palled home with my prize or protegS, and here he has sojourned ever since. Three or four days after his rescue, we learned more of his family' connections, and that he belonged to the shepherd at Brown's Huts, where the eaglehawk had percbed on the top of a withered tree. The shepherd's son had taken out a gun to fire at him. But ' when he had got witbin range the hawk had disappeared. The young man was going back with the gun, when suddenly the bird soared, and almost at random the young man fired, and the ball struck it, for it turned over on its side and went down among the trees. In rising again he let go his prey, a young puppy, which had strayed out hundred yards from the huts, and the prey became my prize and my property by gift of the owner, who renounced all claim to it in my favour, and Squeeze is my very faithful follower. I called him Squeeze, in memory of the mauliog and pressure his ribs received from the hawk in his childhood. When he was six months old, Stemsell's son-in-law, who was a gamekeeper at home, cropped his tail and ears, ' to mak ua look more dog loike.' The operation, as you see, has had a great effect on Squeeze's personal appearance, and given him that air of coxcomical gravity and canine self-conceit which Sir Edwin Landseer would relish. Squeeze, 1" assure you, has a fund of natural good sense, which, with my good training, has made him the best behaved of dogs, and he has more than repaid us all he owed by once saving the parsonage from being burnt down. A new laundrymaid had set her candlestick on her bed and fallen asleep. The candle got overturned and set the bed on fire. How Squeeze came to discover the fire none of us ever knew, but he barked so loud at my door, and then at papa's, that we awoke. On opening my door, he ran, barking more vehemently than before, down the corridor and stairs, stopping as he went and looking back. Struck by his distress, I followed, and got to the girl's door juBt in time to drag her from the burning bed. Another night I was sitting with papa in his study, with Squeeze dreaming on the hearthrug. Suddenly he started up abd ran to the window, where he gazed through the glass intently for some time. It was a dark, stormy night, with rain beating against the windows, so that we oould hear nothing outside but the swaying of the treeB. At laBt, with one sharp bark, he plunged headlong through the large pane of glasB and vanished in the darkness. Presently we heard him barking, and in he came through the pane he had broken in rushing out, and seemed half wild with excitement, baTking and running to the window. Papa called the groom, and taking pistols, went down to the boat-house, where they heard a cry of distress on the river. Papa had a boat out in a moment, and went off in search of the persons calling for help, and found a boat drifting, wi.ha.woman<and two young children in it,, and the woman's husband in the water flinging to the gunwale. He was nearly drank, and in reaching for abrandy bottle, he overbalanced, himself and fell overboard, losing an oar. Papa was just in time to save hind, and; Squeeze'seemed quite happy when the man was lifted out of the river. So yon see it; was lucky lor many people that the eaglej didn't' carry poor Squeeze off to the 0028.". Ob,- MrB. Sketch," said Miss Mittlealters, yon may tell them at the Mauritius that our life in the AUstralianbpjsh is qnite melodramatie when pat into print." ' . • > ' ' ; 31stl&j;, 1877. ' SfeMsftt*. I .'. ^ y-x • 