AMONGST THE BOOKS. LITERART GOSSIP. / K'o biographical .worlt in recent day» las* equalled the circulation.^! Charter KirvpUtf*. ?Memoirs. The work ia in aaixih edition. TJ'eism, by Dr. Eobert Flint; Myinitf Tioletuoe at the University of Edinburgh, a ;the new volume of the ' Baird Lectores^', and proniisea to be an important book. . M. Eugene Bevilhout has lately - jdi» covered in the Bibliolhequz A'alionale -?» long fragment, in Demotic, of a. history of Egypt^ written in the time of the Ptolemies, whica' has hitherto been supposed to be » volome, of prayers. .-.??' ...? ; ,. ?.. ...*?. -,-»..-:; Harper and Brothere, New-York, have ia^ pre33 two important scientific 'book3Trbic!i are likely to be popular. ' One is a .Beam- c'tfiatian of Selena and Religion, by;Pfofes80J:; Alexander WinchelJ, of Syracuse and Yui derbilt Univeraitiea. - The- other i a ? ^Ait Origin of the World, by Principal :Dawson, of Montreal, aud is said to be bis most im portant book. The season, writes the London/ corre* spondent of the New Fork Times, ia pro mising in works of fiction, though the great run ia in booka relating to the East, histories of our wars, Kinglake's Crimea, Burnabyfa books, Wallace's Russia, and war maps. Books of biography always hold their own in the market, and For3ter3 Life ofBideas ia still read with interest at country libra* rie3. We like reminkcencs3 of the illustrious dead, and histories of men who are living, with note3 of personal experiences of men and women of mark, are becoming a3 popular here 03 they are in the United State3. Ths World has learned thi3 secret, and pro. vincial journalists are beginning to bring into prominence their own notabilities. William C. Bryant, the American poet and journalist, possesses a marvellous vi tality. He is above ninety years of agai yet seemingly he ia as vigorous aa ha was twenty- five years ago. He has been taking a very prominent part in the public celebrations of the hour. £?' exceedingly interesting scene took pLice not long since, we Ie3rn from the San Francisco £xUdin, He was in a large company, and it was pro posed that he should read his ^Thanatopsis. A small edition of his poems lay on tits table. Tho type was small, and the print blurred. Ha took, the book and turned to the poem, and — with fifty yeara lying ?!& tween tho writing and the ?? reading— and without glasses — with only the ordinary . light of the ga3 chandelier— he read th* . poem distinctly and impressively to the en«L A movemeut has been initiated in-WIttea. berg to converfe Luther's apartments in the Augustine Convent info a muteum for the reception and careful preser ration of lji Lutheran library, of the best portraits of the Reformer, and of all available relies of the Reformation. A considerable number of very interesting niemoriala of that ?period, now in possession of the Royal' Theological Seminary, will form the nucleus of -the col. lection, and many others which are now tho property of private individuals will be pre sented or lent, and in some casss they will be purchased by the committee.* ThebaHdU ing remains as Lather left it^ and contains his table, chair and lag. ' '-???'u An'active, \riry, teen-eyed man, fuH^of vigor and decision, Professor Tyndall, «aya tho World, Is endowed with a singalany' sweet and musical voice^ and ajruoner atadaT caressing iuita suavity. It was this contrast between matter and manner which lest add}* tional poignancy to the Belfast address. Tbit petrolic oration, highly charged with infliaa. mablo and explosive matter, \raa delivered with an uuctuous deliberation which droVa the oppodenta of tho speaker wild wife rage, and provoked a conflict now happily at an end. It most not ~be nnderstooa. from this that the scientific world is e^isr at »:Iosa-for a controv^nv, or that-^PrV fessor Tyndall h*s not the true scientific relish for debate, for he is at this moment engaged in a series of oxperimenta, tho rcauU of which, so far, has been to invalidate those of Dr. Bastian and the other snppoc« ten of the theory of ipontanocwa generateon. Professor Tyndall is still continuing his ox« norbno&ts.; In a room, heated to aa unoooi« forUblo , temperature, are endless rows of hermfttically sealed tubes filled with In. fusions, none of which have &t; present da. plityod tho atrange forms of «nunal life goae* rally- found in them when exposed for « law d-v-'- to the op«n air. Very great import, anoo altachea to theto tubes of infusion bf hay, codfish, sole and other organic «nb« stances; and tho eye« of edentitjo Europe aro stralnod atudowy towards the eultry chamber at tho Royal Institution. N«xtto thU apartjaeat Is tho laboratory, in which mo prepared- with Infinite care and patienoo tho beautiful jjhysica! experiments wijth xrhloh tho professor enlivens his lecturtefc Th«ro is ft forest of tubes and an attiUoxy; : jof apparatus in thia : acientifio . vtrorksMfti frbiu Which ' the phUosaphortajtifox «fiWi loa^s tiho way to, -tho latter vjxt« ittqstrioMprodefces*o& , VHith a jbviag «MH wtertnt hand ho haa tewrad'Ofatt' ^?rColfl vs«d bv Faraday. v^tinxb«M» dhto.tsDk 4bat m» ampWara^aW'-^oo **l*U» »kb day, however, was no friend of arm-chaira — at least' for working in— much preferring an upright desk and a singularly uncomfortable high stool, also treasured by Professor Tyn dalL -In a corner — behind a bust of Thomaa Carlyle, presented to him by hia ?' ever helpful' friend— hangs the famous barometer used during hia Alpine tour by the hand* some Cornish philosopher, whose eyes, as the ladies remarked, 'were made for some* thing better than poring over crucibles.' Mr. Edward A. Freeman, the historian, in Ids recently published pamphlet on tho Otto man power in Europe, calls apecial attention to the iniiuenco of the Jews on the policy of Europe in regard to the present war._ He observes that every Jew he meets with in England or in Fiance is dead against tho Bussian, and enthusiastically the friend of tho Turk; and that throughout Europe the most fiercely Turkish part of the press is 'argeiy in Jewish hands. The Premier of England, though a Christian in as far as baptism into the English Church and his practice of Christian habits make him one, is at heart a Jew, and he is the active friend of the Turk. That there ia a Hebrew sym pathy running through all Europe is a fact, account for it as we- may. Though the Jew under Mohammedan rule is condemned to equal degradation with the Christian, in practice the yoke presses com paratively lightly upon the Jew. The worst form of Turkish oppression does not touch him, because he lives chiefly in the large towns, aad does not cultivate the soil. He can in many ways make himself useful to the Turk, especially in giving money accommodation. The Jewa in fact may be said to be the masters of- Europe, for they are our - principal bankers. They fill high offices of State in the mo3t powerful Governments. They are in close coaiinuni Jition with each other in all lands, and czn make their power felt Hence the fact, singular as it may appear, and anything but flattering to the Anglo-Saxon pride, that English ^policy is moulded and directed just now by Hebrew sentiment. George Augustas Sala, one of the emi nent war correspondents of the London press, ha3 been recently sent to Constanti nople. His communications from that quarter will be in a different vein from that of the or Jinary war literature, if conceived in, the spirit of the following letter which appeared in 1 -the JHusimted Xondon A'cics. Ke is evidently disposed to cool rather than er dte the ardor of -those reckless journalists ?who write nonsense about the glory of 'Wacr, Writing from Scutari, he say a : — 'The -bodies, of some eight thousand Englishmen -moulder peacefully in this graveyard.' I fancy that the remem brtmce of their ileatfea might moderate the frenzy oi -the politicians who seem bent on -hounding England on to a fresh war with Knssia. Sarely those politicians must be : mainly 'young men, or they mu3t have very short memories. ;I remember the episodes of 'ths Crimean, war as though 4^ey Jaad happened -yesterday ; for then, aif now, I was earning my daily bread by Kterafcure ac'd journaliEm, and the war ?brought mcevery rrsy fresh materials for my pen. - I was withiri an'aee in 1856 of goi-ig. toJSebastopoI, but I went to JKossiff icatesd. Can *oa not recallj you who are middle aged, and -whose memories, are good, those two miserable yeara between the light at the Alma and the fall of the Malakoff? Do you remember the Ghost's Derby Day of 1855 ? Do ,70a remember when, on the cliff at Brighton and the Marina at St. Leonard's, you could scarcely walk ten paces .without meeting groups of Ladie3 and children clad in deepest mourning for their fathers, husbands, brothers, sweet hearts slain in that wretched Cherso nese, or who had sickened and died in the cheerless wards of the Scutari hos pital ? Are we to have these years of private agony and bereavement, of public blundering .and mismanagement, over again? I suppose so; glory ia a very fine thing. I am oily a pekin, a civilian, aod I know nothing about glory ? but I confes* -that ray blood grows cold, and that my heart sickens, when I bear politicians pertly prating about the 'arbitrament of the sword,' and 'war clearing tho atmosphere,' and so forth. I sever meiglory yet, and I don't know what he or she is like; but I have met war face to face half a dozen times in as many countries; I have looked into the whites, or rather the crimsons, of hia eyes, andlhavo gazed upon the sisters who fbUow hjim where soever he. goes. They are three sisters, and their names are VRapine,' and 'Disease,' and . ' Death/ This ia,; of coarse, a miserably craven and spiritle83 way of l&oking; at war. I camiol neJp Jt. T have seen only war's .m&dneaa; and wickedness, its foulness end .squalor. To me it nos represented nothing 'But robbery and profligacy, but famine and ? slaughter ; and I can out think that if the ?warlike politicians were to witness jo.it balf an-hour of. actual warfare, oa I have wifc neased it in America, in Italy, in Mexico, in France, in Spain, their martial ardor would cool down a little, and they would not be quite bo prompt to blow the bellicose trumpets'.' 