A NIGHT OF TERROR. Are all appearances deceitful ? : Do we , live surrounded by shadowy ohimeras ? Have our eyes been given us only to deceive our senses, and our senses to keep us in a state of perpetual doubt and delusion ? In the present prosaic and meobanioal age, it is not difficult to ridicule all that relates to the supernatural; but many of the most sceptical, after long laughing at the idea of a visit from those who have learned the great secret and passed into the shadow-land, have been forced by terrible experience to believe and tremble. It is more especially in that middle state between sleeping and waking, wbeu the nerves are unstrung, that the sensitive brain sees objects that have no tangible existence, and hears sounds that are the offspring of its own creation. Terror, remorse, love, and grief, are the painters who offer their impalpable pictures to our heated and unsettled imaginations ; and, for this reason, the belief in fantastic visions is by no means confined to the weak and ignorant. The man, whose brain is of the highest order, and, consequently, the hardest worked, is oftentimes more ready to receive the impressions of imaginary or ghostly apparitions, and to investigate these phe nomena with respect, than the uneducated and unthinking scoffer who jeers at the whole thing as nothing but vulgar supersti tion. Whether the following story, which relates the experiences of a night of terror, will serve to throw any light upon the possibility of a return of phantoms wandering on the boundaries of another world, \\\id depend upon the spirit in which it is read. Bertrand Barr£re said, " II u'y a que les morts qui ne reviennent pas." Eh bien, M. Barr&re;, nous verrons, It is many years ago since I set out on a tour through the western highlands of those picturesque counties Mayo and Galway. My yacht lay off the little fishing village of Keem, in Clew Bay, from which spot I had made .trips to Clare Island, Blacksod Harbour, and all the other places worthy of interest upon the coast ; and I now deter mined to hire a guide and pay a visit to some of the inland scenery. I had little difficulty in engaging Larry Macgoharty's services during my stay ou shore ; he was an honest lad, with a laughing eye, and all the aptness for repartee aud impromptu wit that generally belongs to his countrymen. But, as it is difficult to find an emerald without a flaw, so it is hard to find a man, even though he be an emerald islander, without some slight blemish; and Larry's, I soon dis covered, was an inordinate love of potheen. With my knapspek on my back, my stick in my hand, and Larry by my side, I set off to ascend the steep sides of the Croghan mountain. When we started the sun was shining in all its glory, throwing its gold upon the trees and heather. Far below lay the calm unruffled ocean, without one rock or island on which the weary sea-bird could rest its foot between Achil Head and America. In the bay, Clare Island and the islets could be seen, some dark as jet, others flashing like a smile upon the face of the waters. High above towered the hill, its summit clad with a crown of forest laud, and its slopes covered with a rich growth of wildwood and flowers, intersected by numerous streamlets that rushed down, through the velvet mosses, laughing to the sea. Inland we could see ridges and slopes of green broken only by lakes, peeping from their deep hiding places, which spread away as far as the eye could follow. The hum of big, slumberous, heavy- laden, broad-backed honey-bees, the joyous notes of numerous song-birds, and the silver tinkling of distant sheep- bells, filled the air with sounds of summer music, and made us linger on our way. A turn in the road brought in sight an ancient tower, which stood on the brink of an overhanging precipice like some rugged war- beaten sentry guarding the shores ofj his native land. On approaching the building, it turned out to be an old ruined mill, lonely, dismal, and deserted as the Moated Grange of the Laureate, desolate, spectral, and un canny as Hood's Haunted House. 1 wished to pay a nearer visit, hoping to be able to enter the ruin, but Larry, who was trembling with terror, said — " Ah, sure ! yer honour, don't go near it ; sare the place is haunted." He then proceeded to relate the story of a murder which had taken place therafsome years previously. The crime was of a peculiarly atrocious character; the son of the old miller had killed him with a hatchet, for the sake of a small sum of money that was believed to be in hi3 possession, and, afterwards, when the deed was discovered, the murderer, pursued by the enraged neigh bours, concealed himself in the mill. Tracked by unrelenting justice, and despair ing of escape, he flung himself from the cliff into the foaming waters beneath. From that time the peasanrty avoided the unholy spot, and it was soon reported to be visited by the ghosts of those connected with the murder. Surely, I thought, if any crime can recall the dead, and make the place of its perpetra tion accursed, this is one. Larry tremblingly described the terrible sights spoken of by the village gossips, as being witnessed in the blackened walls of the dreary mill ; the most horrible one being the corpse of the murdered man, which, on the anniversary of the crime, wa3 seen lying on the floor of the upper room, glazed with congealed gore. Deseited and accursed, the place fell into ruins; no one passed it with out a shudder and a prayer for the repose of the old man's soul. Without believing in the wild and improbable tales told by the peasants, I felt so much horror of this diabolical deed, that we hurried on, glad to be relieved of the influence of the place ; and we soon lost, in the bright, sunny scenes, all memory of the haunted mill. For some hours we continued our excur sion in the neighbourhood, pausing often to listen to the cooing of the wiid wood- pigeons and the lays of the blackbird and mistle- thrush. As we wandered inland, nothing was visible but one wide expanse of living verdure, save where the silvery waters of the streamlets and lakes were seen hidden in the luxuriant mass of foliage ; the sunset clouds of Italy seemed transported by the hand of some mighty magician to the sylvan soli tudes of the West ; and no scene of nature could have offered a fairer image of Paradise. But gradually, as the evening approached, the wind, which had been softly sighing through the gently waving branches, began to blow in freshly from the sea ; and the rippling wavelets, that were dancing upon the surface of the waters, seemed mo mentarily to increase in size. Everyone who knows the coast of Ireland is aware how sudden are the changes — from a gale to a calm, from a calm to a hurricane. In half- an-hour the scene was hardly recognisable ; the heavy Atlantic rollers were breaking upon the shore with tremendous violence; flakes of foam came sweeping over the surging waters, flying up the mountain side, and were carried far inland ; the sand was caught up by the wind and sent sleeting across the country, thicker and more intole rable than any hailstones, filling the eyes, ears, and month; levelling ditches, over topping walls, and threatening to lay the whole coastline in one common desolation and ruin. Larry, who had called at every shebeen on the road, and replenished a whisky bottle, which no persuasion could compel him to re linquish, was by this time more than half- seas over, and, to make matters worse, we missed the beaten track and lost our way. " What's to be done now, Larry ?" said I. " The divil a one of me knows, yer honour, without ye'd sit here under the rock, and wait till I find out where we are." The rook that he spoke of hung over the path, giving just sufficient shelter for one person; and, as night was coming on, and I felt half-blinded by the shifting sand, I consented ; and Larry, after promising to return quickly, disappeared in the darkness. Left to myself, I soon began to lament my lonely condition, and to abuse Larry and fate for bringing me into such a mess ; in this congenial occupation an hour passed slowly away, but there was no sign of Larry's return ; and I sorrowfully concluded that he had either wandered so far that he was unable to find his' way baok, or that some aocident had happened to him ; fearing the latter, I resolved to venture out of my lair, and try if I could find him or discover the lost path. Cautiously feeling my way step by step, I continued to descend the mountain, nearly falling into many of thexavines and precipices with which its rugged sides are broken. At last, after half-an-hour's scrambling about, my good fortune brought me into the road, nearly opposite the old ruined mill ; here, as I despaired of reaching the village that night, I determined to take refuge. After ascending, with some difficulty, the rough and precipitous path which led to the door, I" entered the building and lighted a small travelling lamp which I always carried in my knapsack. I found the door unlocked, just as the terror-stricken peasants had left it ; there was nothing in the place to rob, and if there had been, superstition and fear wonld have been far better guardians of the house than locks and bolts. The old furniture still remained, but it had long since fallen into such a state of decay as be utterly valueless ; most of the glass had been shattered in the window-sashes ; on the table lay the mouldering remaius of a supper left there by people whose bones had long since whitened in the grey churchyard. Being determined to make the best of a bad bargain, I began to look round for some thing to make a fire with, and soon collected plenty of wood from the rotting panelling with which the room was surrounded ; this I built up upon the hearth, and soon, for the first time in twenty years, there was a bright flame flickering in the old chimney corner. _ After drying my clothes, which had become wet through in my endeavour to find the path, I made a hearty sapper off the good things in my knapsack ; and, taking a book, I rolled myself up in my boat-cloak, and lay down before the fire to try and pass the time in reading. But the book that I had brought with me, unfortunately, was a collection of legends and ghost Btories ; and, although I was a thorough sceptic about supernatural things, still I was not altogether free from a certain unearthly awe due to the situation in which I was placed. The rain had ceased, but it was still dark ; the low thunder rolled incessantly along the hill side, and the wind moaned continuously through the tossing branches of the stunted oak and birch-trees. Patter, patter, fell the raindrops from the rafters, and, whenever the wind sank for a moment, I oould hear the solemn dirge that the waves were singing at the foot of -the mountain. The influence of the house soon came upon me, and I could not help thinking of the horrible story connected with it. Just as I was dropping off to sleep, I seemed to hear something like a smothered groan under the flooring ; this soimd made the blood sink to my heart, but I determined to convince myself that it was only the wind. Still, when the sound was repeated again and again, I was forced unwillingly to believe my senses. It was real, and no trick of a diseased and excited imagination. My fancies began to crowd into the regions of mystery and night, but, at length, I mustered up my courage, and determined to discover its source. By moving, I broke the spell that hovered OTer me ; I opened the door, and, lamp in hand, I descended the stairs to the cellar. In the corner of a dark and dismal vault I saw what seemed to be a luminous ball of fire ; a sense of something moving to and fro came over me ; thick mists and dense vapours rose from the dark abyss and hovered round me ; so, after hesitating a moment whether to advance or retreat, I hurriedly made my way back to the ground floor. Had I not been so terrified as to be scarcely conscious, I should have rushed from the house ; as it was, impalpable impressions appeared to return from long-forgotten graves to visit me. Just as I was becoming more calm, a sound of scratching was distinctly heard at the door by which I entered; had I not been so agitated, I should have thought that it wa3 a dog, but, now, my throbbing brain could dream of nothing but the supernatural ; the room became thronged with shadowy mis- teries; I dared not open the door, and I dared not remain where I was. I tried the windows, but they were barred. Then I noticed for the first time a small door leading apparently to the hack of the house ; with a sigh of relief I turned the handle, the door opened, and, as I entered a small room, the first thing that met my sight was aluminous, ghastly, livid light, that streamed upwards from the floor. Hastily retreating, I closed the door. There was no escape ; yes, there was one. In the corner of the room there was an old staircase leading to the upper room of the mill ; mechanically I ascended it, and entered ; with a scream of horror I started back. There, stretched on the floor of the room in which the murder had been committed, lay the ghastly apparition of a man ; his hair, his face, and his whole body covered with an oozing slime that looked like clotted blood. With hair standing on end, I made but one leap down the staircase, the steps o£ which were so rotten that I fell through them and became insensible. When I recovered, the sun was streaming over the hills; the storm had ceased as quickly as it commenced; and, as I stag gered into the open air, the birds were once more singing their sweet summer songs. I plunged into the stream that ran past the door. With the daylight my courage and my scepticism returned, and I made up my mind to hunt out the hidden mysteries of the mill. As I re-entered, I saw standing at the top of the stairs, in the doorway, the same ghastly figure, its face and body covered with the same oozy slime. With a shriek of horror, I exclaimed — " What in the name of heaven do you require ?" "Half-a-pint of whisky, yer honour, for the bottle's empty," was the reply ; and I recognised the voice of Mr. Larry Mac- goharty. " You drunken scoundrel, what are you doing here ?" " Sure, sor, after I left yer honour, I fell into the bog, and then I found the ould mill; and, as yer honour had been good enough to give me a wee taste of the crater, I plucked up courage and came in to rest for the night." Having found my principal ghost, and helped him to scrape off some of the mud from the bog, which I had mistaken for blood. I began to look for my minor apparitions. I opened the little door at the back; the floor of the room was covered with rotten fish, and, as fish when in a state of decay generally throws off a phos phoric light, the luminous appearance was easily accounted for. I then descended the stairs leading to the cellar, and in the corner found an old mountain sheep, who had come there to die. He it was whose groans had first terrified me, and it wa3 the reflection of his eyes that had looked like the burning coal in the cellar. The next day I left the west coast of Ireland, and, when I returned in after years, I found the old building pulled down; so I never had any further oppor tunity of passing another night of terror in the haunted mill. « A Londoner, seeing an advertisement headed, " American Steam Safe Company," remarked that he was glad the Americans had made steam safe company " Why did you name that old horse Napo- leon ?" asked a gentlemen of a negro, whose horse was almost reduced to a skeleton. " Why, marse, you see it's caze the bony part is so strong in him," was the ready reply. A strong-minded woman was heard to remark, the other day, that she would marry a man who had plenty of money, though he was so ugly she had to scream every time she looked at him. When is a parson like a postman ?— When his delivery pleases you. _ An old gentleman who had dabbled all his life in statistics says he never heard of but one woman who insured her life. He accounts for this by the singular fact of one of the questions being, " What is your age ?" " There is one tiling about babies," says a late traveller — ' tbey never change. We have girls of the period, men of the world, but the baby is the same self-possessed, fear less, laughing, voracious little heathen in all ages and in all countries." 