BELLS, They are going to have a very big bell in the tower of the new Town-hall, Manchester, but it is not yet settled what the same is to be called. Some suggest" Old Humphrey," others " Tiih rtobbm, both of which names are locally ap propriate. We shall certainly Vote for " Tim Bobbin," for there is a bell-like tinkle abotxi the latter designation which ought to settle the question. It is a " bob-major" in itself. Nor should a word be said against it on the score of dignity, for bells never stand upon their dig nity. When the great Westminster bell was hung in the clock-tower of the new Houses of Parliament it was determined to ignore the nickname of " Big Ben," which some wag had suggested, and call it " St Stephen," but the public stack to the more " familiar, if less dignified, appellation. Big Ben, cracked though he be, is heard all over London, and known all ever Europe. Indeed, we do not doubt that his name has had much to do with his world-wide reputation. He can scarcely be indebted for his celebrity to his size rione, for when com pared with the great hell of Moscow his mass is only as that of Mare to Jnpiter the one weighing 30,00011k, the other 443,0001b. To be sure, the Moscow bell was never hong, and to this day stands in the centre of a square, close to the spot where it was originally cask We believe it is now used as a chapel ! Moscow also boasts the second, largest in the world, St. Ivan (127,0001b.), but this fell in 1855. Pekincomes third witha bell weighing 112,0001b., and then— though at a hugemterval-— Puns, with 3S,OOOlh, the weight of the bell at Notro Dame. Big Ben stands fifth vrith his 30,0001b., and. . after him the new " Kaiser-Klocke (25,0001b.), cast for Cologne CathedraL A#d now Oxford balls with her well- known " Gre«® Tom' weighing 17,0001b., which is a trtf® heavier than the biggest of the Pope's bells ri St Murk. The grant bell of Sh Pirik if ittrtch smaller, weighing only 8,0001b. Lower than ttus we;dn not care to go. The oldest bell Patricks, #dw; $teerSfid at Belfast, Which is certainly 800 years, and may be 1,300 years old. This is only 6in. high. There is a large bell called " The Holy Ghost" in the spire of Strasburg Cathedral, which is only rung by the watchman on the look-out there when he has espied the outbreak of two iires in the city at the same time. Bells are very . ancient — they have been found among the re mains of Nineveh— but the modern service of hcftlse bells, With their Wires hud cranks, only became general towards the end of last century, and this is already to a great extent superseded fry the electric system. The dustman's bell $njj. the letter-carrier's bell are things of the fr>, and — except at Stratford-en- Av on — the curfew is heard no more. In manv houses even the dinner-bell is supplauted by the gong. — Rock. 