LITERATURE. Literary Notices. SEVERAL recent numbers of the Musical Times lie before us, and we find in them many ex tremely readable and thoughtful articles. The publication was greatly enlarged at the commence ment of the year, but the price was not increased in proportion. Each number generally contains either an anthem or a part song, and the advertise ments» which are very numerous, are almost as in teresting to musical people as the more literary portion of the periodical. The musical critic, or critics, of the Times, or whoever ho or they may be, seem to be very pedantic in their notions about consecutive fifths and octaves, and generally have a hard word to say -of all authors who employ these progressions. Why should they not-be used in certain* cases ? We have never seen this ques tion satisfactorily answered in works on harmony. We know what the great masters say on the sub ject, but all that they say amounts to nothing more than an opinion, namely, that to them tho sound of progressing consecutive fifths and octaves appears to be thin and imperfect. The whole con troversy therefore resolves itself into a question of taste. The nil-s laid down for the avoidance of these errors are violated every day in almost all pianoforte compositions written in the free style. Wo do not set ourselves up as tho champions of consecutivo fifths and octaves, but to our appre hension the too frequent use of discords, which is so common in modern compositions, is much more disagreeable than a progression of consecutive fifths aiid octaves. Many of the great masters have used them, particularly Beethoven, and surely what the great luminaries have done¿ lesser lights may do. Let no writer, however, expect to see his work favourably noticed in the Musical Times if he employs consecutive fifths and octaves. We seleot from a thoughtful article a passage which bears more or less closely upon opinions which arejjwidely discussed at the jjresent time, by Mr. Joseph Bennett, and the subject is De Quincey and the Greek drama. Ile says : Bo Quincey Had a habib of beginning at tho beginning, and his "Antigone" essay contains an energetic vindication of stage unreality at tho expenso of the late Mr. Addisom The older writer, as everybody knows, poured out a good deal of wrath (from very elegant vcssols) upon Italian opera, arguing that " no hero ever summoned a garrison in song, or charged a battery in a somi- chorus»'* Of this objection Do Quinoey roundly says that it " allows an ignorance of the very first principle contained ill every line art," which prinoiple is the tdem in «/io-the same impression by different means. De Quincey is right, beyond question ; but it may not be with out advantage at tho present time to show how lie is right. A rage for dramatic realism becomes dangerous when it leads to a notion that unrealism is an offenco, and thus far it seems to have gone amongst us, especially as regards opera, the modern analogue of ancient drama. ' Wo aro sometimes told that arias and other nlusic "in form" should bo banished from tho lyrlo stage, along with the simultaneous utterances oí the chorus, because they are inconsistent with actualities. But what if they bo? wily should tho lyric drama, any more than other kinds of art, reproduce real life, and become that willoh Do Quincey oalls a " medíanlo imitation ?" Its Objcöt is to creato impressions akin to those excited by the corresponding reality-the grand aim of all art ; and to achieve tills lt may go far indeed from tho region of mere imitation. Our philosopher is oven bold enough to say that if a man came forward to whistle the battle of waterloo, " it would bo monstrous to refuse him lils postulate on tho pretence that people did not whisblo at Waterloo. ... It Is tho vory worst objection in tho world to say that the strife of Waterloo did uot reveal itself through whistling ; un doubtedly it did not i bub that ls tho very ground of tho man's art. Ila will renroduco tho fury and tho movement as to tho only-point which concerns you - viz., the effect upon your own sympathies. Through a language that seems without any relation to it, ho will sot before you what ivan at Waterloo through that which was not at Waterloo ; whereas any direct factual imitation, resting upon painted figures dressed up in regimentals and worked by watohwork through the whole movements of the battle, would have been no art Whatever in tho sense of a lino art, but a baso mechanic mimicry»" All this Addison, Uko a good many pcoplo nearer our Utile, failed to seo, although ho made his own dramatic characters talk in iambics, which aro surely as far removed ïrom ordinary dialogue as is UIUBÍC. But tho Greek drama was even moro unreal than Italian opera, and Do Quincey points out that Addison, on his own showing, would have boon horrified by a tragedy of Sophocles. " In the vory monsoon of his raving misery from calamities as sudden as they wero irredsemable, a king is introduced, not only con versing, but conversing in metre; not only in metre, butin the most elaborate of choral metres; not only under tho torture of those lyric difficulties, but also chanting ; not only chanting, but also in all probability dancing. What do you think of that, Mr. Addison P" It ls likely that Mr. Addison never thought of tho matter at all ; but those should bo reminded of it who in our day are fond ol' talking about au approximation of opera to Greek drama, without stopping to recognise tho fact that '* Il Trovatoro" or " Il Barbiere7' is moro realistic than the plays which two thousand years ago wore tho talk of Athens. Nothing in art was ovor more artificial than tho entertainment so vaunted bv Addison and other maligners of modern opéra. Tho prevailing sentiment of Greek drama, as Do Quincey woll says, suggested tho atmosphere of death rattier than life, being to lifo what sculptured marble is to llcsh and blood. Imposing, awful, horrible, that wondcrfnl stage stood at a distance from those who looked upon it. and its fateful doings wore as tho sem blance of battle in tho heavens-nearer to tho gods than to men. This element of far-romovodness entered into nil its clutalls. Tho stage Itself was but a speck in tho vast theatres, which held scores of UipiumnOs of citizens; and tho pigmies who trod it lind their stature raised and the. volume of their voice increased by artioial means. Not for the Greek drama were the active natural motion, the free vocal inilcotion, and tho play of feature we de»m essential. All was like tile masks worn by the actors-beautiful in outline; but solemnly arid unbendingly rogular, cold, and unimpassioned-iii a word (the word is De Quincey's) processional. Add to this j the songs and dances of the chorus around the name-sur mounted altar, and we have a crowning example of unreality essaying to represent tho actual. Yet such was the consum mation of dramatic art among tho most artistic people the world lias over known. It is dangerous, therefore, to sneer at tlie unreality of Italian opera, oven in tho company of Mn Addison, add supported by a growing fashion. Nevertheless,; tho timo may como when wo shall succeed in making a lyric drama as much liko real lifo as possible; Then, uko, wo shall ! have done our best, to make it unlike art. I De Quincey had but little, if any,- knowledge of i music, yet he ventures to pass judgment upon j Mendelssohn with a degree of conceit and confi dence that is highly amusing. He says of the music to " Antigone":- 1 We, that were learning German some thirty years ago, j must remember the noise made at that time ab mt Men delssohn, the Platonic philosoper; And why? Was there anything particular in " Der Phoodon " on tim immortality 1 of the soul ? Not at all ; it left us quito ns mortal os it j found us, and it hus long since been found mortal itself. Its i venerable remains aro still to bo mot with in many worm eaten trunks, pasted on the lids of which I have myself perused ti matter of thirty pages, except for a part that had , been too closely perused by worms. But tho key to all tho popularity of tho Platonic Mendelssohn is to be sought in tho whimsical nature of German liberality, wihch, in those days, forced Jews into paying toll at the gates of cities, under the title of "swine," but caressed their infidel philosophers, Now in this category of Jew and infidel stood the author of "Phoedon." He was certainly liable to toll as a hog; but, on the other hand, he was much admired as one who des- pised the Pentateuch. Now that Mendelssohn, whose learned labours line our trunks, was the father of this Mendelssohn, whose Greek music afflicts our ears. Naturally, thou, it strikes me that, as papa Mendelssohn attended the synagogue to save appearances, the filial Mendelssohn would also attend it. I likewise attended tho synagogue now and then at Liverpool and elsewhere. We all three have been cruising in the samo latitudes ; and, trusting to my own remembrances, I should pronounce that Mendelssohn has stolen his Greek music from tho synagogue. There was, in tho first chorus of the "Antigone," one sublime ascent (and ono repeated) that, rang to heaven : it might have entered into the music of Jubal's lyre, or have glorified tho timbrel of Miriam. All thc rest, tried by tho deep standard of my own feeling, that clamours for the impassioned in music, oven as the daughter of the horse-leech says " Give, give," is as much without moaning as most of the Hebrew chanting that I heard at the Liverpool synagogue. I advise Mr. Murray, in the event of Ills ever reviving the " Antigone," to make the chorus sing tho Hundredth Psalm rather than Mendelssohn's music ; or, which would bo bettor still, to import from Lancashire the Handel chorus-siugcrs¡ This ridiculous critique, in which Do Quincey displays his utter ignorance of.the question he discusses, will by no means add to the writer's fame as a critic. Were De Quincey alive now he would probably wish, if it were possible, to ex punge his essay on Mendelssohn's music to " Anti gone " from the literary records of his time. Men delssohn's music will go down to posterity, but most of De Quincey's works will not. The one was a ripe scholar and a llueut critic, but the other possessed a creative intellect. Our readers will find in the Musical Times, in its present enlarged form, a wide range of interesting and readable matter on all subjects pertaining to the Divine Art. There is what wo may call a great schism | amongst the English spiritualists, that is, they have divided into two camps, the infidel or free thought and the Christian spiritualists. The SpiYi tual Mat/azine which, although in a moribund state, has changed hands, has become the organ of j tho Christian Spiritualists} while the other body is represented by the Medium aud ono or two other journals. The new editor of the Magazine is Mr. Enmore Jones, a gentleman sufficiently enthusias tic to lose £S a month rather than that the Maga zine should give up the ghost. Mr, Jones, we believéj is à member of the established Church of j England, And avows himself a Christian, but he ; is also a Spiritualist, as our readers will perceive if they will peruse the following declaration of his belief. He says : MovtxciS.-I have seen heavy loo tables tilt about like light ones. I have frequently seen them rise onej two, three, and in one instance four feet off the ground, being ono foot above my outstretched hands, no human being touching them, then gently descending liko a feather. I have seen a chair move along a large drawing-room, pass in front of one of tlie sitters, and toke a vacant space in front of tho table ; afterwards I saw tho chair lifted up till the seat was level with tho table. I have seen a couch within six inches of me start off to about two feet from me, having on it a friend of mino who was lying his whole length on it. I have three times seen that person, while a few inches from me, rise up in tho air, In one instance I held hts hands, and when I loosed my grip ho Moated upwards, and over to the other side >f the room. I and several of my friends having seen these facts, with us the question does not arise-Is it true ? HOUNDS.-I have an accordion, so have friends of mine ; we know where we bought tho instruments, and they are of the usual kind. Often and often have I seen thoso instruments, held by one hand only, at the opposito end to the kovs, pulled by an unseen power at tho other ; and the keys moved, and sweet strains of music played. I havo mentally asked that a certain air should bo played, and my mental wish has been granted. I havo heard music so sweet, so ethereal, so supernatural, breathing out of tho instruments, that I have wept. Lately, an accordion played in my hand, and the I forco at tho other ond was so great, that Î had to press ¿he sido of tho instrument against the edgo of tho table, as my hand was too weak to contend with tho foroo in action at the key end. I have heard sounds, as if in the table, on the tablo, and round tho chairs on which we were sitting. I havo heard sounds as of tho moaning of tho wind, tho seething of the sea. I havo heard sweet sounds of various tones. Hav ing with my friends heard theso things in our own houses, we havo not to inquire-Is it truoP Toucu.-I and my companions havo boon dozens of times touched and grasped by unseen power ¡ tho sensations were at times as if a firm hand laid hold of me, at others, as if a gentle pressure touched and glided away. Take this incident. While six of my friends were seated with mo round a large loo table, and tho hands of all were lightly plaoed upon it, I felt a pressure on my thigh. I at once put my hand down, aD i, Wrts kiua,y patted as if by warm fingers. Mentally wishing that the spirit would shake hands with mo, I placed ono end of my pocket-handkerchief over my hand, but, in steud of shaking hands, I felt tho power gently pulling or playing with the handkerchief ; and on feeling a'small lump of something placed in tho palin of my hand, I looked and found that a knot had been tied on the handkerchief ; tho loose part did not exceed four inches. As I havo the hand kerchief with the kuoton it, I have no need of askintr myself -Is it true? J GHOSTS.-While sitting, several of tho sitters havo seen tho apparitlonal or soul-form of tho producers of tho phenomena. I have not, but at tho instant they have witnessed the en trance ol' thoso to me invisible beings, I have i'elta sensible chango in the air of tho room-sometimes like a cold current floating past mo-sometimes a warm aura seemed to press on mo. I havo twice seen un ethereal hand riso between tho dress and tho laco fall of a lady whose hands were on thu tablo. It was a female hand, long and taper. It was about twelve inches from me. Thc lady never had been at a sit ting before, but tears of joy were trickling down her cheeks when sho saw it ; why, her spirit knows. I and thoso who havo soon thoso sights have not to ask, respecting angels ap pearing to our Saviour, tho prophets und tho apostles-Is it trucP VOICES.-I and othors have heard voices, no ono near. On pno occasion I heard a prediction that a certain event would happen on u imrtlcular dato on tho following month »n that clay, tho ovont took pkec. When, therefore, I road biofivophtc, classic, and scriptural histories of prophc cics; suki to be heard by voice, I am disposed to believe, ani not trouble myself witii tho question-Is it true P I could go on and tell of visions-trances-cures-warn ings of evil-directions for good- given at those Sittings whit I wa« present, and these facts, which joking at us cunno eradioate from our memories, enable us with a right goo< heart and will, to say, that we are ready to attest with ou signature, and if need require, by our oaths, bofore any lega tribunal, that spirit-power is true ¡ It is right to say that the pressure of other engagements ii this beautiful world of God's wisdom, has, for the last foin years, prevented nie attending many circles, but the pas evidences I have had of human-life after physical death an tome, who have suffered the loss of wife and nine children a very joy; The Medium and Daybreak contains a long and startling account of some manifestations which il is said occurred at test seances in Derbyshire The medium on the occasion was a Miss Wood, and there wero about thirty persons present. It is alleged that every conceivable precauti on was taken to prevent the occurrence of any trick 01 deception. Miss Wood was tied with tapes which were knotted, then sewed with thread, and the knots sealed ; she was then placed in a wire cage prepared by the persons testing the phenomena, and the door of the cage was then fastened with screws from the outside. It was considered im possible for her to get out of the cage. A cabinet was improvised with drapery alongside pf the cage. Under these conditions it is alleged that a number of spirits materialised in the cabinet, and then walked out amongst the testers, spoke to them, touched them, and seemed to be veritable flesh and blood, but afterwards retired into the cabinet and disappeared, and in one case vanished before the eyes of the sitters. In one instance it is alleged that the spirit grew before the eyes of those present, from what apx>cared to be a small white handkerchief upon the floor, to a tall man with a bushy beard, and then vanished from their sight gradually, until at length nothing was left of him but a small substance of dazzling white upon the floor, which substance Anally disappeared. So confident are two of the gentlemen who were pre sent of the realness of the manifestation that they have offered to give 500 guineas to any conjuror who will produce similar phenomena under simi lar conditions, provided the person accepting the challenge stakes a like sum to be forfeited in the j case of a failure. Of all the so-called spiritual seances which we have read accounts of in the I newspapers, and instiler journals, these seem to have been the most satisfactory and exhaustive. The only possible way.of escaping the conclusion which tlie Spiritualists draw from these alleged manifestations is to impeach the testimony of the narrators. The precautions were so numerous and stringent, the tests so rigid,- and the examinations of the walls and floor and all the other circiun sumstances so complete, that the reader is shut down to the conclusion, either that the spiritual hypothesis has been proved, or else the narrator has told lies. 