AEEIYAL.0J1 THE WfiMPOA. Later English Ke^, We gare Id oui- yesterday's issue «.il the principal items of neivs brought liy .the Wbainpoa. .The following additional particulars are from ? the Herald^ message ;— JBassengers t»x Sydney ;— 1ftr,A.W.M.LBB|, Mr, Henry Scott, Mr, B-, Wrfkw, Mr. and Jtra, Georffa Scott, Mr. aai Uw, ^3ipma» fame, two childi'en and serjint, aj^.'Sj-dinrfiluiiU J4r. and Mrs. licnr v WacUre. Miss E. E. Gibson. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Tiarte, fire ^hi'dren, Mr. C. Anson, Mr. I'ftuicis 1). Kite, Mrs. Haygarth, Miss Annie Haygarth, Mrs. Wallis, Mrs. Ilejpburn, Miss Sane Jlay, Mrs. Napier and two children, Mr. Philip Kapiei-, Miss Edith Ntipier. Mrs. Kayiuond, JJiss Mary Eayinond, $jix- itemr JSaymond/Mrs, Sleigh and servant, Miss Annie Sleigh, Miss Owen, Miss Howell, Mr. EL Hart, Baron Von Beust, Dr, and Mrs. A. K. Morson, child aud servant, Mr. George Michael, aud 112 in the second cabin and steerage. Captain.Hume, late in command of tnelmmor talite, of the detached squadron, has been dis missed the service by a een'tence of court-martial, for conduct uubecoming an officer and gentle uiau. The Duke of Cambridge reviewed 14,000 men at Aldershot on the 27tli ilay. There were, in addi tion, 2000 horses and 40 guns on the ground. The Army -iiul Navy Gazette states that, in case a cavalry corps is sent abroad, the Household Brigade will forma port of it. Her Majesty, it is' reported, bas purchased the extensive forest of Sallackbyne, adjoining Bal moral, from Colonel Farquliarson, of Invercauld. It posseses the largest area ot' natural- grown Scotch firs in Scotland, the size, beauty, aud symmetry of the trees being unequalled. An international British celebration of Her Majesty's birthday lias been held at St. Peters burgh, Virginia. It lasted three days. There was a very large gathering, every British association in Canada aud the United States being represented, and Americans exhibiting marked sympathy. A meeting of several thousand agricultural labourers was held in Somersetshire on the 21st May. The Prince of Wales had been invited to preside, but had written stating that lie was un able to do so. Mr. Gladstone and others also wrote excusing themselves lioiu attendance. The object of the meeting was to assimilate the country and borough franchise. Lord Cairns has introduced a Bar Education and Discipline Bill into Uie House of Lords, providing tor tlieestablishmeutof a council of thirty, to be appointed by the four Inns of Court, ana six by the Government. The council is to have jurisdic tion over barristers, witl) power to disbench or dis bar, subject to appeal to the Supreme Court Judicial Committee. Inconsequence of the English Press, Conserva tive, Liberal, and Radical, with singular unanimity condemning tlie action of Marshal MacMahon in dismissing M. Simon, pnpers has been subjected to a censorship on entering France, aud they are de Jnyed several hours. It has been stated that Marshal MacMahon in tends resigning if another llepublicau Assembly is elected. A gross act of treachery on the part of Kusfia was noticed by the Berlin correspondent ti jlie 'J'tnm. A ui.iT) named Krysiuski,a leader in the Polish insurrection of 1SIJ3, who escaped, applied for leave to return. In answer, he was invited to come back On doing so. he was tried and sen tenced to h:iuf.s|i-uci)t in Siberia. Be made his escape. \v;is caught, and tried a second time, aud shot. Colonel Porter. RE., bas been 6ent to Kars on a special mii-siou,' to lejiort on the war in Asia Minor. The dale of the departure of the Czar from Buck harest is purposely not made known. The fre quent accidents on tlie Roumanian railways lias siiven rise to a fear that a conspiracy to cause his death is afloat Advices from GenevaJ Louis Jfe'ikoff, received at St Petersburg, state that the Mussulman popu lation have risen en »'M-y since, the procladialaaE ofllietelyra, bytlie Slidb-ui-lslaui. General B9«« clielr, it is stud, has been compelled to retreat before the Ci*reaeswn insurgents. According* to n Tjfliis telegram, the Eussian gar rison of Suklioum Knleh, after the destruction of tlie. place and fort, retired to the forts and block house of Macamfoa, on the heights to- the north east, and have been reinforced by battalions of ftteV men from the Kubfln,and regular field and mountain batteries. N'otwitlj*taudi»# these reinforcements, /in attack made on the Turkish positions at Suk houiu Knleh, a few. days ago, seems to have been completely unsuccessful. Tlie Russians ?we-.'e driven hack with loss, leaving a considerable quantity of arms and ammunition on the field. The natives of Abkasia as well as fee Circassians ore, it is stated, now in full insurrection. Tlie Sullan has ordered 20,000. revolvers to be purchased out of bis private purse, :ind distributed among the insurgents. The effect produced by the iiisurrectiou in the Caucasus, the Vienna correspondent of Tlii Times says, seems to be all the greater in Uussia, as it was quite unexpected. All accounts previous to the war were such as tn excitts uo apprehension? about a possible risingthere. The l-ace between Boyd and lliggina was rowed in tempests of wiud aud rain, auu the river was lashed into angry roar. As Boyd was known to be suffering from an attack of boils, tlie betting was strongly in favour of Higgins. A clear lend of two lengths was gained at the start liy Boyd, tvho from that moment heM the race secure, luggius not having a ghost of a chance against bim. Altogether it was a uuliow affair. The Daily Telegraph, commenting ou tfie race, says there was a space of at least 200 yards between the men as Boyd went under Barnes' Bridge; aud tlmt he could have won by a quarter of n mile is undeniable had he not judiciously slackened his pace; as it was iTiggins, wlio showed an utter inability to contend with rough water, was about 20 lengths behind at the fiuish. Boyd won in 28 minutes 24 seconds, by Benson's chronometer watch. With the stakes of -£400 aud the sculler's championship, Boyd also took as a challenge trophy, the hand snme cup given by tiie proprietors of n Newcastle paper. It is very likely that Boyd or Blackmail will go to Australia and there compete with Tiickett, who last June easily defeated Joseph Sadler for the Thames championship, but declined, before leaving England, to row with Higgius. » The following cccmmt of the sinking of asecond Turkish ironclad in the Danube* is telegraphed by the special correspondent of The Times at Buck harest:— 'One of the most during deeds ever recorded in the history of warfare w&3 performed on the Lowur Danube, near Ibmlia, on Saturday mnriuDg. May 26, A small detachment of Russian soldiers, commanded iiy Lieutenant Dubaschiff, accompanied by the commander of the Romnani.au flotilla. Major Murgeseu, left the northern shore of the Danube iu a number of small boats, and pro ceeded towards the point Petra Petei, below Machin, and opposite Ibralia/at which point there was stationed a large Turlrish monitor. . The uigbt was very dark, aud they managed to surround the monitor before being discovered by die E- urkish sentries on board. They were challenged, and ' AVho goes there f ' rang out oil tlie night air. Major Mnrgesen replied in Turkish, ' Friends.' The Turks,' evidently not satisfied, commenced firing iu the direction of Matcfcic, not knowing where these boats were. During die firing, several of the Russian soldiers, under the C, ^ lion of Lieutenant Dubascheif, plunged into V'* water, swam silently to the hull of the ironclad vessel, aud placed the deadly torpedo in close contact with the liottoinoftheinonitor.Afterthedesti'uctivemachine had been securely fastened, and the wire of an elec tric battery had been accurately adjusted, the men retired to 'the neighbouring shore of the river, aud at half-past 3 in the morning the monitor was blown into the air with al 1 the officers and crew. The ex plosion was terrific ; and as nothing is said of the cr-*w being saved, it is supposed that all on board, perished with the vessel. The cool detenni natiou with which this fearful enterprise was successfully carried out, speaks for itwlf. The fate of the second Turkish monitor i ulraidy s«nt to the bottom of the Danube with all on board, shows how futile the expectation (Inn gunboats can maiutiiiu the mastery of a river liued with hostile batteries, tilled with euemius sis resolute as the men whose deeds are recorded above. The name of the monitor destroyed was the Dar Matrin.' Atan annual meeting of the National JJifle Asso ciation it was resulvud to uet up ii united team from England and Ireland to shoot iu the long range international match in America. 